Questionable Questing
 
Forums 
What's new 
Members 
Heliel43
New posts 
Watched 
New threadmarks 
Mark forums read
Forums NSFW NSFW Creative Writing 
[NSFW] Sneaking His Way into the Multiverse (RWBY Jaune, WC-lite mechanics)
 Thread starterLazyAutumnMoon  Start dateJun 7, 2024  Tagsjaune arc lisa wilbourn multiverse rwby tattletale waifu catalog-ish world hopping worm
Sneaking His Way into the Multiverse (RWBY Jaune, WC-lite mechanics)
Created
Jun 7, 2024
Status
Incomplete
Watchers
3,902
Recent readers
1,713
Threadmarks
111
It's a big step up from faking some transcripts, but he was dying, the other guy's dead, and said guy left a path open to Unlimited Powah, possibly enough to save Beacon and his partner. Sure, it might be spam mail, but he had to take the chance…aaand of course there's a catch. For Jaune Arc, power never comes easy and the road home is going to be a long, winding way full of peril.
Last edited: Jun 7, 2024
Threadmarks Index Extras
Statistics (94 threadmarks, 674k words)
Threadmarks
Reader mode RSS 
Chapter 1: If I Had a Lien for Every Time This Happens
Words 3.4k
Jun 7, 2024
Chapter 2: Much Ado about a System
Words 3.6k
Jun 7, 2024
Chapter 91: Embarking Upon a Quest
Words 6k
Aug 8, 2026
New
Chapter 92: Seeking the Beast in Its Lair
Words 8.6k
Aug 16, 2026
New
Chapter 93: They Found a Rabbit Waiting There
Words 7.2k
Sunday at 23:26
1
2
3
4
  Next
Jump to new
Ignore
Unwatch

Thread Tools
Threadmarks
Index
Extras
View content
Threadmarks Chapter 1: If I Had a Lien for Every Time This Happens
View content
LazyAutumnMoon
LazyAutumnMoon
We all need Sundancer in our life.
JoinedJun 7, 2024
Messages289
Likes received68,284
Jun 7, 2024
Add bookmark
#1
If there was one lesson that Jaune Arc (Huntsman-in-Training, one-time fraudster, natural blond, and currently in over his head) has ever learned from his bully, it was how to escape a locker. After the third time, it behooved oneself to figure out that sort of thing.

See, there's a latch. Get that latch to turn far enough, and the door unlocks. Simple.

The fact that all the leverage was on the other side can be an obstacle, true, compounded by the springs and gears keeping the latch in place being built to withstand the capsule flying, then hitting the ground, at 370 miles per hour. With how often the rocket function got used, the lockers saw weekly maintenance, too, so he could expect this thing to be in tip-top, people-confining shape.

Yet, he had discovered that all these problems were surmountable with sufficient motivation. A full bladder was usually the catalyst for him to succeed in previous incidents. Today…well, today his need to escape carried a bit more urgency than the norm. He'd even go further to say that it's one of those do-or-die moments.

Pyrrha was on her way to face the fire lady. Prior to which, she pushed him in the locker and launched him into the sky. That was after she kissed him, which he thought was really nice right up until he discovered it had been a trick to shove him in here. There's also the aforementioned fire lady, a magic lady, Ozpin trying to get the magic lady inside Pyrrha, more Grimm than he had ever seen, a Grimm dragon, White Fang, robots, people dying his friends are in danger and holy freaking damn he's got to get out there and DO SOMETHING!

The latch snapped off, crushed in the grip of a hand clad in white Aura, and the door blasted open to reveal a dark night sky.

Above him, a cloud drifted away to reveal that pale, broken celestial body he'd always loved to see. The shattered moon, an imperfect orb trailed by its innumerable fragments. It had never looked so near.

…Oh. Right. That's probably due to the next problem facing him.

The wind ripped him from the confines of the locker, and Jaune found himself in the sky over Beacon amidst airships and Grimm. A particularly hungry-looking Griffon had taken notice of this tasty treat, and was swooping down.

"Oh no, oh no, oh no—"

Fumbling with his sword, he tried to unsheathe Crocea Mors. Too late, red eyes and a gaping maw filled his vision. The rancid stench of Grimm washed over the Huntsman as the Griffon prepared to swallow him whole.

Of all the courses of action he could take, Jaune saw one desperate plan where he lived beyond the next three seconds. He shoved his weapon, held horizontally with the edge standing vertical, into the mouth as it chomped down, right at the base where the two halves of the beak meet. Bone struck steel with a clang, stopping cold.

He could have wept, such was the relief that he yet lived. Sadly, his joy failed to last long. The Grimm began shaking him every which way in a mindless attempt to dislodge the sword. Up, down, left, right, the wild movements triggered his motion sickness. Coupled with the texture of the slimy tongue and the smell of the Griffon's breath, bile quickly rose to the top of his throat. But while throwing up onto the Grimm sounded quite decent as a final middle finger to his would-be killer, he stuck to the plan and reached for a button on Crocea Mors. A press, and with explosive force the sheath unfurled to form a heater shield, wrenching open the beak until, with the snapping sound of tension giving way, the Griffon's head ripped in two.

Then Jaune threw up. Man, Grimm, and puke fell together through the air. He noted that they were much closer to the ground than before the Griffon tried to eat him. His struggles against being lunch had dragged his foe below the aerial battle going on above, and the fall looked much more survivable from this height. It was still going to hurt, though.

The Grimm slammed onto the spire of a building, the tip spearing it through. If it wasn't fully dead before, it sure was now. Most of the puke landed on the dissipating corpse, so Jaune got that last insult in, after all. He himself fell past the Griffon to collide with the roof. From head to toe his body lit up in agony. A long, pained sob escaped his mouth. He bounced once, twice, then slid on the steep incline towards the edge. Through a haze, his mind screamed at his body to do something if it didn't want to plunge to the ground. A part of Jaune shouted a warning that it'd hurt as much as the first drop; the rest of him sat up to take notice. In the scramble to find purchase, he slammed the edge of his shield against the yellow slate tiles, scraping a long furrow to slow his descent. He came to a stop with only inches to spare.

Jaune laid there, heaving for breath as the reality of everything that had just happened hit him. It couldn't have been more than five minutes, yet his ordeal felt like it lasted hours.

"I—I'm alive! I can't believe I'm still alive!" He shouted, laughing.

But then, he recalled the wider conflict taking place all over Beacon, and sobered up. What he had managed was just the first step. The long road to the emerald tower laid before him, starting with getting off this roof.

The unfortunate issue here was that he couldn't see any access doors on this thing. The only way down required going over the edge, where he could hopefully swing into a window using an acrobatic move he knew he cannot do. See? E-easy!

Peering over the lip of the roof, he searched for an outcropping. There weren't any, but his hopes for aid swelled when movements far below on the ground captured his attention. He recognized the messy (yet stylishly silky and flowing) crow's nest of a hairdo. That's Jax Darkphenix, Team RWBY's boyfriend!

And damned if that still wasn't weird to say after almost two semesters. Some guys have all the luck. Absolute, unbelievable luck.

He was about to call down for help, but stopped as he saw the other boy raise his twin katanas. Despite the urgency of his task, Jaune waited. If enemies were in range, distracting his ally may well put them in danger.

Jax slapped his katanas together, transforming it into an assault rifle. Oddly, there didn't seem to be any Grimm, White Fang, or robots in the immediate vicinity. What was he doing?

He lifted it to aim down the sights. Following the direction of the gun revealed a—wait, wha—?

Bang!

WHAT THE FUCK!?


-o-​


Jax Darkphenix POV

Shit shit shit, it was all going to shit!

One measly Point! The girl was a complete trash mob!

Sadly, Jax Darkphenix has come to realize that the so-called 'elite warriors' of this world amounted to jack all when they possessed no plot relevance. He'd hoped this one might have some value, being a pretty girl in a world where 90% of the important characters were pretty girls, but nope. 1 Point. This felt sucky enough when he had to start going for the females after shooting too many of the dudes, but for them to be worthless, too? Sucks.

Uuurgh! That green-headed chick in the distance—whatever her name was—definitely carried a higher value, he knew that for a fact since he remembered her showing up a couple times in the cartoon. If she would just stop zipping around, he'd have popped her already. It's like she was mocking him.

Giving it another shot, he changed his NGSW XM7 6.8×51mm assault rifle into a Barrett Mk-22 7.62mm bolt-action sniper rifle and shot off a round.

He was so tempted to pick up [Auto-aim] just to off her, but right now he can't spare a single Point. The priority was [Emergency Recall], and it cost way too much for him to fuck around. Besides, if the previous characters on her level storywise were any indication, she'd probably put up a fight. Attacks that bypass Aura only work if they hit, and these people bounce around like the Energizer Bunny. Letting them get in CQC range would make offing them easier, but then they'd start taking his HPs, too. That was fine at the start, but the number was getting awfully low.

Fuck Emerald and her thieving hands.

Heh. That's kinda funny since that was exactly what he did. Leaving the bag with all his consumables open next to the bed was a mistake, though. Whenever he gets the chance, it's [Dimensional Pockets] or bust. No more of this carrying stuff crap.

He switched to an easier target, getting them with a headshot. He didn't bother to go loot the corpse. A few bucks—oh, excuse him, a few 'Liens' weren't going to get him out of this hellhole.

After turning his Barrett Mk-22 7.62mm bolt-action sniper rifle into a PSRL-1 93mm rocket launcher, he took aim at a team of Huntsmen-in-Training and fired an SH-R1 round to wipe them off the face of the Ea- of Remnant. He checked his smartphone—wait, his scr…actually, fuck this world's terminology, it's a smartphone—and saw that the tally had gone up by three. There were four of them, so how can it give three Points?

Trash mob. Trash world. He could not get out of here soon enough.

Once again, the realization that this run had gone to shit made Jax heave a great sigh. Things had been going so well, too.

He had bagged—ahem, romanced Team RWBY by, like, the first month. It took all of his charm and skills! And when that didn't work, a fuck ton of points to up his CHARM and [Skills] did the job. There was nothing Yang wouldn't do for him. Weiss made out with Ruby because he asked. He convinced the sexy cat girl to try meowing, meowing!

Life…life was good.

And it all went wrong because, apparently, the butterfly effect was bullshit. Somehow, even though he definitely changed the original RWBY world, events ran smack-dab into canon again. Somehow!

…okay, so he had a sneaking suspicion it might have to do with him telling Neo some important details when they slept together to turn her to his side. Who could have guessed that the ice cream girl would betray him? Just because she was evil didn't mean she was a bad person!

It had seemed like Season Three's finale was averted. Everything was quiet up to and through the Vytal Tournament. He was about to win it all with his kickass Semblance that lets him ignore people's Aura (i.e. the thing that made them marginally a threat), then would have swept Pyrrha into his arms with a totally cool line about how he was the only person strong enough for her before wowing her with his kissing prowess. The face on that Miles Luna Self-Insert when he steals his OTP girl would have been delicious.

Then, Cinder's (admittedly sexy) face replaced the fat professor's (very unsexy) face on the stadium's screens, and she kickstarted the Fall of Beacon like it's a scripted event, except for the giant robot that Neo sneakily bought with all his saved-up Points and was now piloting with not an ounce of control or skill.

The PSRL-1 93mm rocket launcher became a pair of…of whatever the SMGs are named, he didn't have the energy to remember, and he shot blindly into a melee between some girls and the White Fang, mowing down both sides.

Ding!

That sound, that sweet sound. He clamped one of the guns under his armpit and pulled out his phone. Staring in disbelief, he noted the number on the top left. The last group gave him 48 Points. That female team must have been side characters, because they helped him amass the Points he needed for [Emergency Recall].

This was it. This was goodbye Remnant!

"Holy shit! Yes! Get me the fuck out—"

His [Threat Detection Lv.1] went off like crazy.

Jax turned his head this way and that, trying to find where the danger was coming from. Not for the first time, he cursed Neo for his Point deficiency that kept him from making some upgrades. [Threat Detection Lv.2] would have taken care of locating the threat for him.

Jax scrunched his face in puzzlement as he failed to spot anyone nearby. Yet, the klaxon horn of [Threat Detection Lv.1] increased in volume. What was going on?

The thought struck him, then.

Combat was three-dimensional.

Jax whirled, pointed his SMGs towards the sky, and fired off all rounds at the same time that something cold, hard, and sharp rammed into his head.


Remaining HP: 1,460
Piercing damage, Sneak Attack! modifier, It Came From Above modifier
-1,460HP
Remaining HP: 0
You have died. Better luck next ti— oh, wait. There is no next time. Too bad, so sad :)


In the last few seconds before the System shut him down, his eyes rolled madly in their sockets to try and find what had hit him. It wasn't difficult. There was a body lying just over there, bleeding out as badly as he was. He recognized the messy (and unstylish) blond mop of a hairdo.

Fucking Jaune A—

And so, Jax Darkphenix, Gamer and Worldjumper, died with the name of his killer on his lips.

Like countless others who contracted with the Company, he failed his very first run.


-o-​


Jaune thought he knew what pain was from Initiation, from Combat Class, and from being hit by Grimm. He was wrong.

He also thought there was nothing worse than the feeling of pain. He was oh so wrong.

Ding!

The worst was when everything stopped hurting, even though you knew for a fact that the injuries were still there, and nothing and nobody had saved you. The worst was the coldness setting in as your life bled out.

He didn't need anyone to tell him what a bad idea it had been. The drop might not take his entire Aura reserve, but it would put him at such a disadvantage that Team RWBY's dog could have beaten him, let alone their boyfriend. Jax was the strongest of Beacon. Hands down, no argument. Pyrrha was losing to him in the tournament finals.

Ding!

But…but to witness him murder so many people, so many of what should have been Jax's allies and friends, Jaune had to act. He drew his sword. He leapt. Somehow, someway, he succeeded in slaying the monster. And now, he was dying.

Because Jax Darkphenix, that psycho, had a Semblance that treated Aura like air.

He can feel his reserves attempting to heal his injuries. It'd never work. The gaping holes to be mended, the sheer amount of blood that was outside of him and mixing with that of Jax in one crimson pool, the damage was so catastrophic that there was nowhere to begin.

This was it…this was goodbye.

Ding!

And the CCT service won't even give him the dignity of dying in peace. What, was it sending him spam mail? Advertising life insurance, perhaps?

Ding! Ding! Ding!

Odd. Rather than his pocket, the sound was coming from near his head. His tired eyes blinked once, blinked twice, then opened to stare directly at the glowing screen of the scroll laying under his face. He couldn't tell what the model was, but it must belong to Jax, considering it looked super cool. Because Jax was super cool. You know, right up until he wasn't.

Blearily, he gazed at the words until they shifted into focus.


[Emergency Recall]
The cowardly way to escape all your mistakes. Sure, you can tell yourself that you're just going to nip out for some milk, to grind and upgrade and buy a couple of powers, before coming straight back here to your waifus, but we all know why you bought this. Still, in the words of a certain pair of twins in your current world: Whatever.
Effect:
Activate to exfiltrate back to designated [Home Base]
Basic Medical Package included
Activate:
[Yes]
[No]
Note: Choosing [Yes] will pause the current world until your return.


Yup. Spam mail, and the message pretty much amounted to life insurance, too. Aaaall the hate.

Yet…yet how tempting its promises were to someone like him.

Power. Something he dearly wanted way back when, and naively thought that his partner had granted unto him, so that he could fulfill his dream of becoming a hero. As it turned out, Aura could only get him so far, and no matter how hard he trained he could not catch up with his peers. Now, the crazy fire lady was displaying abilities so far above anything he had ever seen, and his friends were in danger, so of course he wished he had more power.

Pause the current world. What madness these words offered. There was no way to stop time. Not even Dust and Semblances can truly influence it, merely simulating a similar effect. Such an easy lie to see through. But as the world burned down around him. As he laid dying so far away from his goal. He wished with every fiber of his being that he could stop it all.

He tried to move his hand. Miracle of miracle, it shifted an inch. With the patience of a man who had nothing else to do, nothing to look forward to, nothing left, Jaune reached for the screen.

An eternity later, the hand hovered above the button. He wondered why he was even entertaining the message. His brain was shutting down, but his thought process went something like this:

Hey, it wasn't his scroll. If this thing gets a virus, then his last act on Remnant would be the equivalent of slaying his enemy and pissing on their grave, meaning he had died a true warrior's death.

He pressed [Yes].

At the very last moment, his true thoughts slipped out.

Please, be real. Please, I want to save everyone. Please…don't let this be…just a dream…

It should not have worked. You could say what you like about their blood mixing, and the names sharing some similar letters, but the crux of the matter was that it. Should. Not. Have. Worked.

But, as had been the case when Jaune—based on nothing but a strong wish, a devil-may-care outlook on his prospects, and quite a bit of idiocy—submitted a set of false transcripts to Beacon Academy, someone caught the attempt. They read the details from end to end, and were amused. They let it ride.

And so, Jaune Arc, fake Huntsman and a complete nobody, left Remnant as motes of light.



Author's Notes: Be careful of spam mail, Jaune. Even if it's not an all-out scam, there's always a catch.

A story in the vein of the CYOA, WC, world-jump fanfics, except instead of some psychopathic/sociopathic SI from Earth amassing great cosmic powers and being an absolute legend—which I cannot and never want to write—it's a fictional character from Remnant trying to grab at the scraps of power that the bona fide MCs would spare a single line of the chapter to mention.

FYI to all the SIs: If you want Neo on side, don't trust her right off the bat. Don't assume your future knowledge is going to get her in your corner. Ice cream psycho will backstab you on principle. It's part of her charm.

Three-letter MC first name, mythical animal in the last name (but with a Dark or Onyx in there so it's evil). Putting actual guns in RWBY with all the unnecessary details on caliber rounds to show Earth's 'superiority'…Bleeeech. Disgusting. Cringe. I needed a drink before I wrote that section.
Last edited: Jun 24, 2025
Stories:
QQ Sneaking His Way into the Multiverse , a RWBY Jaune, WC-lite mechanics story.
Other RWBY stories on AO3 or FF - Yakuza Arc | Conquered Menagerie: Annals of the Sixth Kingdom | Cat, Bunny, and the Good Ship Honey Starbright | The Agent
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Tahkisiis, RSR2000 and 1,271 others
LazyAutumnMoon
Jun 7, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 2: Much Ado about a System
View content
LazyAutumnMoon
LazyAutumnMoon
We all need Sundancer in our life.
JoinedJun 7, 2024
Messages289
Likes received68,284
Jun 7, 2024
Add bookmark
#2
Jaune awoke, and beheld a bright light.

It surrounded his prone form, and was all that he could see. Beneath him was a soft and springy surface, but not quite a bed. He rather liked the odd texture.

There's no sound in this strange space, nor any scents. And as recent memories flowed into his mind, reminding him of the ruined body that lay beyond saving, he noted with relief that there was a lack of pain, too. The afterlife wasn't so bad, then. A bit boring, but that may just be the sort of opinion typical of someone who died following a series of unbelievable events.

One thing stood out of place in this picture. He seemed to be gripping an object in his left hand. Lightweight, compact, cool to the touch, with a slight curvature to smooth out the edges… hold one scroll and you've held them all, certain features have become a mainstay among the devices.

Now, why would a ghost have need of a scroll? Who's he going to call?

He'd prefer not to imagine that the CCT service has expanded beyond the land of the living, because then there would truly be no escape from its terrible grasp. Let's consider the other possibility then, that this scroll was the same one he swiped from Jax, which meant—

With a surge of anticipation, Jaune pushed off to sit upright, and the capsule encasing him smoothly opened to reveal that the bright light was not all there was to see. Gray walls, white ceiling, a tiled floor. A bed to fit one. Table and chairs. A kitchen on the far side, and an open door nearby through which he glimpsed a shower stall. This room bore the hallmarks of a studio apartment, spacious but sparsely furnished. Too dull to be heaven, too restful to be hell, never had a sight so mundane filled his heart with such joy.

He smacked his own face. There was pain.

Jaune lived.

A whoop, and he bounced to his feet, dancing a jig in celebration. He almost fell over midway when the futuristic capsule began to fade into nothingness until only the word 'MedPod 720i' stenciled on the side of the machine hung in midair, before it too blinked out a second later. Waving his hands around the spot where it had been confirmed that it did not turn invisible, but vanished.

"Whoa, this is straight out of sci-fi!"

Then, his jaw practically dropped to the floor when he raised his head. There, on the other side of where the capsule used to reside, a window allowed him to peer out at the world beyond. What floor was he even on? Way, way down there a city sat, so distant that he cannot pick out the details. Clouds were floating lower than his vantage point.

Nobody would call him a well-traveled person, what with boats and Bullheads being akin to prolonged torture sessions for him, but he did attend school and the teachers there have shown pictures of Remnant's four main cities. None of the Kingdoms have managed to build anything like this. The technology just wasn't there.

And above? Above floated another planet. Not a moon. A planet. He can make out the landmasses from here.

Jaune had the slightest of suspicions that he wasn't on Remnant anymore.


-o-​


As callous as it sounded, the novelty wore off. After staring at the sights for an indeterminable amount of time, he tore his gaze from the view to explore the room. Also, to find a shirt, because while the capsule had cleaned off the blood on his clothes, it did not repair them. His tattered rag of a top covered him with the effectiveness of strings. His pants fared better, and might have increased in value, considering the strange fashion surrounding ripped jeans.

Unfortunately, the apartment proved a stark contrast from the fantastical view outside. What he saw was what he got. Its barebone state extended to personal belongings, and even food, of which there existed none. By the looks of it, nobody had set foot in this place before him. As for leaving the room, the lack of a door put quite a damper on that idea.

Yeah, someone built a room with no exit, then dropped him in it. The scroll promised power, but seemed content to instead grant him a slow, half-naked death. He did discover a big metal disc in the corner that the sci-fi movies he watched would suggest might be a teleporter, but no amount of poking or prodding (or stomping or screaming activation catchphrases) have freed him from this place.

In the midst of his confusion, he turned to the scroll for aid. It brought him here, so what else can it do?

"I'm on an alien planet, and I still ended up with my face in a scroll. Maybe mom was right about my generation being addicted." Jaune said to himself as he sat on the bed, device in hand.

The message advertising an 'emergency recall' had closed itself. In its place was a basic black background, superimposed by a white ring on which app icons rested at equidistance. In the center of the circle were two words:

~The Company~​

"The company of…what? "Jaune scratched his head. "Did they make the apps? The scroll itself? That lifesaving capsule?" His gaze alighted on an icon of a shopping basket, and a spark of hope blossomed. The notification had mentioned the ability to buy powers. "A teleporting portable hospital sure sounds like a power, so maybe the answer is all the above."

He tapped on the icon and…and a marketplace of impossible, wondrous potential unfolded before his eyes. Waifus, Skills, Weapons, Armors, Vehicles, Homes, Pets, Medical—oh, my!

Power, and more, lay at his fingertips… obtainable with a currency called Points, of which he had a balance of zero as noted on the top left of the app screen. Likely due to the lack of funds, the shop had deactivated the corresponding purchase buttons for each item. Still, a man can browse.

A few of the listed categories, he didn't really get—the Waifu tab and the figurines on sale in its catalog, especially. By the actions of some mad corporate executive, these dolls carried the highest prices on average when he compared a sample of items from each category. It rekindled his worries that this was all make-believe until he found the capsule that saved him under the Medical section. The price differential between a toy and a groundbreaking piece of tech was mind-boggling, to say the least, but the presence of what he had seen with his very eyes to be an actual object served to convince him that the spam mail he opened had followed through on one of its claims. And, maybe, all the rest.

Jaune stopped there for a while, sitting stock still and nearly in tears with relief at the idea that the end of the world had been put on pause, that his friends and family were safely frozen in time at this moment. Frozen, and waiting. Once he regained his composure, he dove back into the shopping app with renewed eagerness.

Weapons, that's the ticket. He needed the means to beat back the untold number of Grimm, White Fang, and murderous robots, along with the dragon(!) and the fire lady.

…He also caught a glimpse of what had looked like a giant robot during his descent from the locker, but that had to be his imagination, right? Better safe than sorry, he'd add it to the list.


Maliwan Volcano
Universe: Borderlands
Pele demands a sacrifice!
A simple sniper rifle that sets your enemies on fire with exploding bullets.


Lightsaber (Purple)
Universe: Star Wars
The weapon of a Jedi, an elegant weapon of a more civilized age. Utilize its plasma blade to cut flesh and blast doors, alike. Also the weapon of a Sith. And of General Grievous.
Commonly found in blue, green, or red. This one's purple.


Way cool, but he needed a bigger oomph. Jaune adjusted the sorting function, typing in a random 38,542 as the lower price limit. The items shown now were a lot more ornate, many sporting strange energies and motifs.


Khartoth the Bloodhunger
Universe: Warhammer 40K
A Daemon Weapon of Khorne—the Blood God, the Lord of Skulls, the Lord of Blood, the Lord of Rage, the Lord of Battle, etc. Capable of cutting through not only matter, but also time. May or may not send wielder into a blood frenzy from which there is no return.


Tome of Meteor Shower
Universe: Magicka
Knowledge is power. Use this tome to learn the magick (that's magic with a 'k'!) Meteor Shower, and summon a barrage of meteorites to bombard your enemies.
Warning: Low chance of setting the planet on fire.


Drops of nervous sweat poured down his brows. These ones, and others like them, have a bit too much oomph. Then again, when it came to fighting the forces of darkness, he'd rather start with overkill and work his way down. Ruby, whose dream involved building a gun that can blast through ten Grimms and level the building behind them with one bullet should the need arise, would certainly agree.

Experimentally, he pressed the grayed-out purchase button.


Tome of Meteor Shower
Points Cost: 157,000
Points Balance: 0
Insufficient Points. Unable to purchase.


Sadness.

Ah well, the scroll already warned him of his empty budget. What he wanted to know about were the methods by which he could acquire these 'Points'. He did spy a 'Sell' tab, but his current possessions consisted of a pair of pants, boxers, and sneakers. Not exactly worthy items of trade barring some bonkers exchange rates.

Exiting the marketplace, he moved on to the other apps in search of answers.

The next icon displayed a rectangle with lines of scribbles. It opened up to a page bearing the heading 'Contract Terms'. Before he could panic over having to read, a notification materialized.

Error, Inactive Contract. The app shut down, and turned gray.

Well, crap.

On the one hand, no legalese. Yay! On the other hand, it appeared that certain functions of the scroll were tied to Jax and they ended with his…end. Depending on how the other apps turned out, he might be in a spot of trouble.

He tried another program, and arrived at a page reminiscent of a video game status screen.


Name: Jax Darkphenix
Level 45
HP 0/0
State: Dead


Oh, sure, remind him of his crime forevermore.

He didn't want to hurt Jax, but there are things you just don't do! Lines to never cross. Stabbing your allies in the back was right up there at the top. He had to stop him. A-and he got shot for it, didn't he? Fair's fair!

Jaune forced himself to continue on, swiping past that section to hide the damning words to reach a series of stats. Lacking a reference for where the numbers stood in relation to a typical Huntsman, he skimmed over them. The CHARM stat outpaced the others by a large margin, though. Fitting for the guy.

Past that was the [Skills] list…

Holy crap, you can just buy the ability to talk to women!?

…which at first sounded amazing for its diverse and useful effects. Yet, once he read through the later entries, his heart wasn't in it anymore. He left the status screen at speed, and put the scroll down on the bed. Then, he curled up into a little ball.

[Excuse my Mistralian], [Once is an Accident], [A Second Shot at Love], [Third Time's the CHARM], [Sharing is Caring], [All Your Waifus are Belong to Us Lv.1],and a whole lot more whose descriptions were…

When it stopped being about improving oneself, and became manipulating the minds of the people around them, that's when a person should know they'd gone too far. He'd always wondered why Team RWBY accepted the fivesome arrangement so smoothly. It must take a man possessing charisma and eloquence on a level he could merely dream of having to swing that, he concluded. As it turned out, sharing was caring in the world of Jax.

And he had an interest in Weiss, hadn't he? But he went to bed one night with the idea of asking her again at breakfast to go on a date, and then just…didn't. Not once from that day on, even as the emotions for her still beat within his heart. Was it because he realized—in a sudden bout of humility and self-awareness—that he had no chance compared to Jax, or did the other boy activate the damned [Skill] that stopped him from acting on any of his romantic feelings? In hindsight, the second option looked all too plausible. And that was at Level 1. Compound those abilities with the rest of the list, and he suspected Jax could have become Remnant's new god given enough time.

The scroll promised power, and the scroll delivered power. In all its forms.

Later, when he could peek at the scroll without feeling sick, Jaune took the device in hand again. A return to the shopping page confirmed that it sold every sort of [Skill] conceivable (and many many that weren't, at least to him). Romance and sex featured prominently, but so did combat. There was even a category full of benign-sounding ones, like [Househusband]— though the numerous proficiencies governed by that composite ability seemed suspiciously redundant for him.


Cleaning, cooking, sewing, and…yeeeeah, my family expected my future wife to be the breadwinner between us.


In the end, what it came down to was choice. Jax went down his path, but Jaune did not have to follow the trail he blazed. Nor did he have to avoid [Skills] altogether. From a certain point of view, they possessed greater potency than weapons. Every bit of strength counted, and as long as he stuck to the combat-related ones, there were little reasons to shy away from this particular catalog.

Calmer now, he continued exploring the scroll. The Communications app powered off in quick order, blaring the same "Error, Inactive Contract" notification. Ditto with Quests and Achievements, which he was pretty worried about. In games, those usually came with rewards upon completion. By the time he got to the last app, most functions had locked down to leave him with a store he cannot afford and a dead man's information.

He breathed deeply to brace himself, and touched the icon bearing a globe. The page opened, the title 'Jump Portal' emblazoned on its heading. A message popped up. He despaired.


Error—ERROR–Modif-0-Access—


Jaune's vision blurred, and he cradled his head as a bout of dizziness overwhelmed him. It felt a bit like being on a Bullhead, and right on cue his stomach performed a flip. Thankfully, he'd already emptied the contents on a Griffon earlier, and thus avoided the accompanying mess. Focus soon returned to the world.

The odd text had vanished, replaced by two options: Permanent Worlds and Instances. The first contained a blank page upon inspection, but the second? The second activated when he tapped on it.


Searching… searching… temporary connections established.


A series of boxes took up the screen. Their significance failed to register for him in the beginning. He caught an inkling of it, when he came across a familiar—yet unfamiliar—phrase.

'Universe: Warhammer 40K'. He carefully read through the rest of the box. It mentioned a location and an event that helped him understand nothing, but the information revealed when he touched the option to show more details? Danger rating. Loot rating. Inspiration smashed into his head with the force of a truck.

Out there lay other worlds, and in those worlds existed the items on sale in the marketplace. Their inclusion under an app named 'Jump Portal' suggested the possibility of him entering them. How? He had no clue. The itty bitty device managed to pluck him from Remnant and bring him here, so he would not doubt it can put him somewhere else again.

If he were to, say, travel to Warhammer 40K, could he perhaps acquire the item Khartoth the Bloodhunger straight from the source and not have to pay for it in Points? Even should he not succeed in such an endeavor, he might find any number of weapons or objects of value strewn about. What's to stop him from keeping what he can use, then selling what he cannot, thereby accumulating the Points needed to go on a shopping spree?

Giddy with the prospect of having found his path forward, Jaune browsed the available Instances. In his view, the ideal location was one that overflowed in treasures he can claim, with no accompanying risk. His perusal nixed the dream right quick. The two ratings tended to go hand-in-hand. Warhammer 40K rocked a maxed-out danger rating of 10/10; quite apt, going by the description of the Khartoth. Deeming himself unprepared to handle that level of peril, he crossed that universe off the list for this go-round and began sifting through the choices.

"This one seems doable," Jaune remarked as he checked the specifics on the fifth Instance.

Danger at 4/10 stars, a middling threat level. Universe, Location, Event, they held no meaning for him. Loot rating was…high for the risk involved. Very high. Wow, if he was going to choose a place to visit, this was the winner. A quick in and out and he'd have an armful of loot, easy.

He took a look at the last Instance for completion's sake, and dismissed it when the numbers differed unfavorably.

Selection made, he pushed the big, blue button labeled 'Jump'. The pop-up almost gave him a heart attack.


Recommended [Skills]:
[Blank]
You'll need it where you're going.


Ominous. Not least because the device can evidently perceive him in real time. That's not a general 'you'. That's a Jaune Arc 'you'.

"You can see me," he accused.

The scroll laid there, looking innocent.

Thoughts for later, he decided. He needed the scroll too much to abstain from its use. As for the [Skill], while he appreciated the warning, what can he do? To buy it, he required Points. To gain the Points, he had to enter the universe sans [Skill]. What a conundrum.

He stared at the screen, fretting in silence. 'Need', it stated. As if to press the point, intermittent golden light pulsed around the purchase button. Demanding. Insistent. It taunted his pauperism.

Hang on… the button had a color. Jaune tapped on it with a tremulous finger.


[Blank]
Points Cost: 400
Points Balance: 0
Insufficient Points. Buy on Credit (Credit Available: 1000 Points)?


Hey now, that option wasn't there before. Granted, it might be due to him trying to buy a 157,000 Points item. A price tag of 400 sounded like a steal in comparison.

Very much a steal, and Jaune bought the [Skill] without further ado. Sure, he'd owe, but the idea of taking on debt hardly fazed him. He owned a credit card, and used it on the regular. So long as the card gets paid off on time, the cutthroat interest rate won't come into play. In this case, one good run in the Instance can probably take him back into the black.


Ding!
[Skill] purchased.
[Blank]
You Thinkers get off my lawn! Render yourself unreadable to clairvoyance and related abilities, no matter the source.


And, in truth, he bought the [Skill] because it was power. His first power. He had no way to confirm its authenticity, but the idea that he'd just gained a literal out-of-this-world ability felt phenomenal.


Activating Portal


Swirls of energy manifested above the scroll, and shot off to hit the wall. There, it thickened to form a large circle shifting in a kaleidoscope of colors. Through it, Jaune heard what might be distant voices and the sound of waves. He tasted salt in the air.

It tasted… off. Different. Unlike home. Like another world.

A grin sprang to Jaune's lips. Tucking the scroll in a pocket, he unsheathed his sword and shield, then walked up to the portal. Whatever doubts he had, he crushed down and left behind.

Before him stood the road to everything he wanted, so what was there to fear?

This universe will be his starting line. From nothing, he shall walk the path of the straw millionaire. Loot. Barter. Gain. Then repeat, repeat, repeat until he has achieved the means to protect his friends and Beacon.

Starting Jump in 5…4…

He felt a tug coming from the portal. The pull boosted in strength with each passing second. Rather than resisting, he relaxed his stance. The energies grew to a crescendo.

…3…2…1

He didn't wait for it to take him. He leapt right in.

The new world awaited.

Universe: Worm (divergent). Location: Brockton Bay. Event: Leviathan.



Author's Notes: gg, new story next week?

10/10 danger rating is equal to the current attack on Beacon for sure, so 4/10 is probably, like, a pack of Beringels, right? Just need to be careful and everything should go without a hitch.
…Jaune has no Gamer's meta knowledge, no sense of the scale that other worlds are operating at. He thinks the Grimm is the scariest threat there can ever be. Heh. He'll learn. Or die.

A weapon, a shield, and topless. Jaune's starting out with the Deprived class. Would've taken the pants, too, but I don't think anyone's here to see Jaune get stripped.
Stories:
QQ Sneaking His Way into the Multiverse , a RWBY Jaune, WC-lite mechanics story.
Other RWBY stories on AO3 or FF - Yakuza Arc | Conquered Menagerie: Annals of the Sixth Kingdom | Cat, Bunny, and the Good Ship Honey Starbright | The Agent
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Tahkisiis, RSR2000 and 1,186 others
LazyAutumnMoon
Jun 7, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 3: I Went to Brockton Bay...
View content
LazyAutumnMoon
LazyAutumnMoon
We all need Sundancer in our life.
JoinedJun 7, 2024
Messages289
Likes received68,284
Jun 7, 2024
Add bookmark
#3
Rain.

That was Jaune's first impression of Brockton Bay, a torrential downpour that drenched him to the bone the very second the portal deposited him in a deserted alleyway. He had experienced storms before, both in Vale and in his hometown, but rarely did he ever get caught outside during one. Even then, not one like this. The sounds the raindrops make blended together in a dull roar that carried on without end. Water streamed past him towards the alley's mouth, where it joined a bigger river cascading down the street. The salty tang in the air has now become near overwhelming.

What a time to be shirtless.

Jaune stowed away the sword part of Crocea Mors, but kept the scabbard in shield form to hold above his head as a makeshift umbrella while he jogged out to the main street. It, too, was devoid of people, which didn't surprise him. He had the excuse of a portal mishap, but otherwise only an idiot would go out in this hurricane. Or was it a typhoon? They're both tropical, he knew that. Maybe one's for the mainland and one's for islands. Could it be a matter of wind speed?

…Dang it, this was going to haunt him until he got an answer.

Whatever. Finding shelter took precedence at the moment.

A storefront stood to his immediate left. The lights were off so it's probably closed. He tried knocking on the door anyway in the hope that a kind stranger might let him inside. No luck. He advanced to the next building. Then the next, and the next, and so on until the shattered window of an electronics store—plus the looted interior—clued him in that he won't find ready aid any time soon.

Taking a closer look at the street, he noted the cars sitting in the middle of the road, not pulled out of parking spaces by the water like he previously thought, but abandoned outright. He also spotted a number of personal items among the trash and debris floating in the inches-high river. Suitcases, bookbags, toys, and the like. All signs pointed to the aftermath of an evacuation order.

Just his luck to get stuck in a storm-hurricane-typhoon-thing powerful enough that people had to use the emergency shelters. He searched the sky for the signal flares that would mark out such places, but saw nothing. And he wouldn't, Jaune reminded himself, because this was a different universe. Standard practices of Vale need not apply here.

His gaze returned to the electronics store, drifting from there to further down where a convenience store sat. An unpleasant idea reared its head. Seeing as nobody was around, and he was in desperate need of clothing—his stomach rumbled to inform him that he hadn't eaten recently—and food, the case can be made for him to, not steal, but shop without oversight. He'd pay, of course.

Jaune paused that train of thought to check his pockets. Unless he lost it somewhere back in Beacon, his wallet should still be on his person. Aaand…Yes! Plan is a go! A few seconds later, he stood on the threshold of the convenience store, peering into its depths.

"Hello?" Jaune called into the room. When he did not receive an answer, he stepped fully inside. The lights were on, so whoever owned this store must have departed in a hurry. An inch of water covered the floor. A selection of memorabilia covered one of the back corners, among which he spied shirts and jackets. That'd be the next stop after he got some food in his belly. His feet made splashes as he passed the front counter and began browsing the aisles.

Any doubts he had that this was another universe faded once he saw the unfamiliar brands. From chocolate to water bottles to something as innocuous as paper towels, everything was sold under different names. He grabbed one of each aforementioned item, then approached the display case bearing an assortment of sandwiches and meals.

"Ooh, turkey! Don't mind if I do." Jaune snatched up the sandwich. Out of curiosity, he also added an 'italian' hoagie to his hoard before returning to the front of the store. It all went on the counter as he checked the prices.

Whyyyy was there a decimal on the price tag?

He was either looking at six and a bit for the turkey sandwich or six hundred twenty-seven written in a bizarre way. For the sake of his meager wealth, he chose the former, dropping two 10-Lien cards down on the counter for the lot. It sounded about right.

After wiping himself dry with the roll of paper towel, Jaune used the counter as a seat as he started on his lunch. The turkey tasted as turkey should, and took the edge off his hunger. The hoagie followed, eaten at a sedate pace so he could try and figure out what ingredient 'italian' was. As best as he could tell, it matched a regular hoagie in every aspect, down to the objectively subpar quality as was wont in this kind of place. The chocolate bar rounded out the meal, washed down with the contents of the water bottle. Feeling alive again, he disposed of the wrappers and moved on to the back corner of the store. There, he perused the wares on offer, with an eye for apparels in his size.

A city's souvenirs said a lot about its culture. Vale liked to print its most famous artworks onto t-shirts and drink coasters. Mistral went in for decorative hand fans and other traditional items, while jars of colored sands sparkling like gemstones were Vacuo's specialty. His one family trip to Atlas revealed the kingdom's penchant for patriotic messages (and patriotic puns) emblazoned on the usual fares of mugs, pens, clothes, and such.

Brockton Bay's souvenirs outed it as nerdtown, with comic book superheroes taking center stage. Dozens of them. Names like Dauntless, Vista, Clockblocker (his immature mind got the joke all too quickly), and Battery jumped out then fade from memory as soon as his eyes left their picture due to the sheer number of characters represented here. The superheroes leading in popularity seemed to be a bearded man in blue futuristic armor, a woman garbed in a tri-color bandana and the sort of combat fatigues that Ansel's militia would wear, and a pretty blonde girl sans mask in the most superheroine-esque costume of the bunch (it's the only one that has a proper cape). The three of them featured on a good half of the merchandise.

Jaune imagined how he'd look with their faces on his clothes, and cringed. He wouldn't do that for even his favorite characters, X-ray and Vav.

In the end, he settled for an 'I ❤ Brockton Bay' T-shirt (which in his opinion didn't roll off the tongue like 'I ❤ Vale' would) paired with a Panacea Poncho (white-and-red ambulance themed). Their purchase set him back another sixty Lien, an absolute ripoff of a price for the cheap-quality goods. Shaking his head in disgust, Jaune exited the store before he could be tempted to reconsider a spot of thievery.

He reared back when the ground in front of him exploded, struck by a man-sized projectile—no, wait. He was wrong. As asphalt and dirt pinged off him, Jaune watched the woman-sized woman crawl out of the crater that was fast filling up with water. She didn't even notice him standing behind her, looking into the distance and mumbling to herself.

"I'm okay. I'm okay. I can totally take a hit. J-just get back in there. I'm okay."

Interspersed throughout her mantra was a second voice, female but synthesized, speaking from an armband she wore.

Chubster deceased, CD-5. Good Neighbor deceased, CD-5. Hallow deceased, CD-5.​

…deceased?

"Uh, miss—?" The question died on his lips, for she was no longer in front of him.

Now, a person impacting the ground from a great height was nothing new. It's called a 'landing strategy', and everybody should have one. As for launching up, he had seen people like Pyrrha and Weiss use that move as an opener. They always come back down.

Not this girl. She floated in the sky, three stories high with nary a foothold. Her cape billowed, blonde hair whipping in the powerful winds. Then, she shifted her body into a corkscrew motion and blasted off across the city. Within two heartbeats, Jaune lost sight of the girl. He continued to stare.

Conventional knowledge would say the girl possessed a flight-type Semblance, even if that was something thus far only theorized as possible. It made a whole lot more sense than the word bouncing around in his head, one spurred on by the memory of a blonde in an identical outfit printed on a t-shirt inside the store at his back.

An impossible power? Check.

A cape? Check.

In a vacuum, those two details would just make her a Ruby Rose kind of person. When coupled with the line of merchandise for a certain Glory Girl, the possibility existed that she's a—

"Superhero." He breathed out the word. "And if she's real, all of those comic book characters might also..."

A moment of stillness followed, during which time he wrapped his mind around this new piece of information. Worked through the various implications. Really internalize it.

Then he full-on sprinted in the same direction the girl flew off to.

Whatever the 'Event' this Instance has dropped him in, he'd bet it was happening over that way. Where the superhero was going. Where, with luck, he can find more superheroes.

If anyone would be able to help him, it'd be them. And since it sounded like they were fighting, maybe he could pay them forward by pitching in.


-o-​


What he would give for the ability to fly. City block after city block he ran, his journey seeming without end. Vision and hearing obscured, he relied on the mental map of his path to keep on the approximate heading. The water has risen to about a foot by this point to waylay him with submerged debris and unseeable divots in the road.

The first hint that he was finally near to the goal occurred in the form of a rainbow lightshow brightening the sky. Booms echoed off to his left, and he course-corrected. Two blocks later he started to pick up more than the storm's background noise; shouts, screams, the occasional burst of gunfire and strange zapping sounds. Further along, shapes developed within the thick curtain of rain. All of it converged into clarity—into a roaring cacophony—until, abruptly, he was in the midst of a battle.

As it turned out, superheroes came in far greater numbers than the souvenir corner had shown. Colors bright and dark, outfits flashy and stark, close to a hundred people were present at the small intersection he had stumbled upon, loosely split into two groups on either side of a huge figure to prevent its escape. A miniature sun that hurts to look at blocked one of the other routes; behind the orb stood a person in a black bodysuit adorned by red suns. A gray cloud hemmed in the last exit. A dozen fliers hovered in the air. Together, they've got their foe—a hulking creature with green scales, thin limbs, long claws, and a long tail that moved like a whip— boxed in.

The superheroes unleashed attack after attack upon their target, though none did so more ferociously than a flying man in a skintight blue-and-white outfit. He was the cause of the pretty lights that guided Jaune's way, blasting dozens of laser beams down on his foe. In retaliation, the creature lashed out with its tail.

Oddly, the appendage canceled the movement, coiling back. Jaune's eyes bulged in shock as a tendril of water in the shape of the tail continued the original motion, on course to hit the laser-flinging hero, who had to dodge. The faux-tail crashed against the fourth floor of a building and left a deep gouge in the concrete.

The beast has a range attack. That used water. And they were in the middle of a storm.

At the back of the crowd, Jaune lifted his shield and kept it at the ready, because holy hell nowhere was safe from this thing.

Then, stamping down on his rising trepidation, he took a step forward. Battle instincts spurred him on. Here was a monster, and he a Huntsman. Where else should he be but in the fray?

That idea ground to a halt as the laser barrage redoubled in intensity. Motivated as he was to pitch in, trying to reach his optimal fighting range would be tantamount to suicide by friendly fire. Unsure of what else to do, he cast an eye over the cohort he'd joined. Beyond those able to fling projectiles, there were people deploying defenses to block the monster's blows... and that looked to be about it for the active participants. The rest of them were in similar circumstances to him, lacking the means to fight from a distance and thus reduced to milling around. A frown stole over his face.

Shouldn't there be someone organizing them into a more effective formation?

If the fliers were to stay lower to the ground, they can angle their shots to hit the big upper body. That would give the melee combatants an opportunity to whale on the legs, and maybe neutralize the tail. As things stood, only a fraction of them were contributing to the offensive. A powerful fraction, when they take into account Mr. All-the-lasers over there, but there's clear room for improvement.

One fruitless search for a commander later, Jaune readjusted the plan and began to circle along the edge of the crowd, hoping to put himself in a visible spot from which he could communicate his observations to people in a better position to do something about it. It was not to be. Someone else made their move.

"Fire in the hole!" Yelled a woman at the front of the other group—Miss Militia, he recognized her from the red, white, and blue bandana—before she raised some sort of Hard-light grenade launcher that reminded Jaune of Velvet Scarlatina's weapon projections, and fired a succession of projectiles at the monster. One exploded into a mess of gold ribbons that adhered to its green scales and to the road. Another explosion turned a part of the thing's shoulder to crystal. The last expanded to a shimmering sphere, trapping the waist and a leg in its grip. The beast tore through the first like paper, barely slowed on the next, and struggled with the third long enough for a ragged cheer to break out among the superheroes. The budding hope died when it managed to pull free.

Quick as a flash, the tail plunged into the ranks of fighters on Jaune's side of the intersection to pluck three people off the ground, hurling them at the sphere where they hung suspended and unresponsive. Simultaneously, the monster slashed its hands in an 'X' at the second team. The sharp claws fell short of the heroes, but blades of water shot out in their place to bridge the distance. Shields formed of mysterious energy sprang up to protect the opposite group.

They failed to neutralize the attack in full. The beginning of a scream cut short as blood flew in the air. Jaune heard the synthetic female voice again, this time coming from multiple armbands but most audible in the one worn by the skinny, long-haired figure sporting a dark costume beside him.

Jotun deceased, CD-6. Dauntless deceased, CD-6. Alabaster deceased, CD-6. Miss Militia deceased, CD-6.​

A startled gasp escaped his throat. Bile threatened to follow. His gaze zeroed in on the three people trapped in the sphere and the bisected remains of Miss Militia.

This was wrong. All wrong.

Superheroes weren't supposed to die.

In a daze, he watched the battle with a sense of detachment. Two giant, armored women rushed out to pin down the monster. It darted away, ending next to a building which it ran up at speed despite bearing a massive bulk. The trailing tail hooked on an open window, allowing the beast to swing onto the roof. A copy of itself—not just the tail or claws, but the entirety of the body—that was composed of water carried on the previous course, shooting into the sky to impact a glowing barrier conjured by a floating younger teen. The energy construct tanked the hit but shattered afterward. The blond boy, huffing and puffing in clear exhaustion, slumped onto another flier, a girl about Jaune's age who shared a similar outfit.

Refusing to let up, the monster leapt from the roof like a spring. A hundred feet high put it in the midst of the fliers. Deadly as a snake, the tail whipped at an armored hero hovering on a board. He threw up his hands in a futile attempt to stop the blow. Everyone knew he wouldn't survive.

Just before it would hit, the tail zig-zagged behind him to strike from a blindspot at the true target. The laser-hero.

It had not forgotten the hoverboard-hero. The tail's watery afterimage tore him apart. Both fighters tumbled out of the air.

Kid Win deceased, CD-6. Legend deceased, CD-6.​

The monster landed on cat's feet, the water hardly disturbed despite its size. It was greeted by a silent battlefield.

Jaune, the lone outsider, looked from face to face. With slack jaws or wide eyes, hitched gasps or tears, horror etched the uncovered portion of every mask. Even those whose expressions were hidden within helmets betrayed their fear by the way their bodies shook.

Why? What could have stopped their assault even as the beast readied its next attack?

The hero that fell. They called him Legend.

A grand name. A great power. The dots connected.

Jaune had wanted to find the commander of the heroes. That was him, there. Lying face down in the foot-deep river. Dead.

Fuck.

"SHIELDS!"

Jaune's shout rang through the battlefield to correspond with a water-whip barreling at his side of the street, and the crowd awoke with a start. A wall of interlacing steel swords rose up, and the pair of giant warriors braced their shoulders on the impromptu barricade to keep it in place. A blue forcefield sputtered to life behind them. The water carved great rends in the steel wall, in the two women, and crashed against the second line of defense, making the forcefield flicker. It held.

Fenja down, CD-6. Menja deceased, CD-6.​

The monster, relentless, turned its attention to the next target. With a mere look, a geyser blew a large hole in the strange fog blocking an exit, which struggled to reform into a person. Another scythe-like water blade shot at the second group of heroes. Prepared by Jaune's warning, energy shields in various colors were at the ready and overlapping so as to form a solid front. They prevented the ranks from being shredded.

Their foe gave them no further thought, having moved on to the last target. It juked at the miniature sun, then immediately rammed its talons into the street to halt the maneuver. A water-copy surged forward, instead. Most of it collided with the orb to create a huge eruption of steam, but a portion traveled close to the ground and continued its uninterrupted journey, headed straight for the lithe figure behind the sun, the summoner of that ball of molten fire.

Before it ever reached her, Jaune was there.

For him, the moment the beast dispersed the living fog yet did not escape spoke volumes. Throughout the fight, it demonstrated a clear ability to run anytime it pleased. Opportunities to retreat were given up in lieu of meting out death and destruction. Altogether, it suggested a bleak reality.

The heroes had not trapped it here with them. They were trapped here with it.

By the time the monster lashed out at the other hero team, Jaune was already in motion, fully anticipating the fourth attempt. Skidding across the last yard, he positioned himself in front of the girl. The attack was coming in low, so he slammed Crocea Mors into the concrete road, propping himself to push against the shield in an unsettling mirror of the pair of warriors earlier. Oh please oh please let Great War blacksmithing and Aura be good enough to survive this.

The water-copy, weakened as it was by the mini star, still slammed the shield with the force of Yang's strongest punch. His very bones rattled under the blow, and Crocea Mors scraped a line in the concrete as he slid a full body's length to hit the Sun-summoner. Fortunately for them both, most of the momentum had bled off, so all Jaune felt was a light impact on his back followed by a soft "Oof!" from the superhero. Success!

The monster was staring at him.

Fuck. Fuckfuckfuck—

It turned away.

Jaune blinked in confusion at this unexpected mercy. Before he can ponder overmuch of it, the beast conjured a wave with the water gathered at its feet and blasted it at the crowd formerly headed by Miss Militia, then dropped onto all fours to bullrush the team Jaune was a part of.

Ah. It had better targets.

Was it shameful, that his heart soared with relief at the thought of that thing directing its ire elsewhere?

Maybe so, but it was also understandable and he'd bet everyone here agreed with the sentiment. This monster…despite the drastic difference in size, this monster set off the same alarm bells in his head as the Grimm dragon. His instincts screamed at him that he had not a hope of a prayer if he faced such a creature head-on.

In some ways, this smaller foe inspired even greater terror than the dragon, for its overwhelming lethality possessed a sense of focus on the immediate area. Any who stood on this field, lived at the whim of the beast.

In the time it took for him to muster his will and take the first step back into the battle, the wave had scattered the heroes on one side of the street in the manner of bowling pins. Their defensive line collapsed in an instant. And on the other side, where the monster roamed, Death arrived, announced by the armband of the girl behind him.

Escutcheon deceased, CD-6. Herald deceased, CD-6. Velocity deceased, CD-6. Crusader deceased, CD-6. Stormtiger deceased, CD-6. Othala deceased, CD-6. Aegis deceased, CD-6.​

And then, the battle stalled out.

The rain fell. The injured cried in pain. A massive column of iron raised by someone's power fell over.

But the monster remained motionless.

A beat, and pandemonium broke out. Everybody started shouting. Some were calling for help, some were yelling for people to tie down the monster—Jaune finally learned its name due to how often they repeated it here; Leviathan, the same as the 'Event' listed in the scroll.

Still others simply began firing at the beast. For whatever reason, their attacks failed to even scratch it. A bullet struck inches above a superhero covered in what appeared to be clocks, who was standing way too near to Leviathan. Jaune peered closer, cursed, and started running at the drowning figure trapped in the shimmering curtain of water that was somehow just hanging in midair.

Halfway there, the clock-hero flickered and in the next moment was replaced by the body of a fallen combatant bearing a trumpet icon on his chest. Jaune spotted the former a distance away, getting checked over then evacuated.

"Listen!"

A strong voice that brook no argument silenced the crowd.

All eyes turned to the speaker, a bearded man in blue futuristic armor—Armsmaster, as named on the souvenirs—standing in front of a trio of superheroes; a man in a wizard costume, one in a green cloak with a glowing-green mask, and the last in a silver-and-gold knight's armor wielding…wielding…

Did Ruby design that? A massive sword/cannon hybrid sure seemed like something she would make. Jaune made sure to commit the knight-hero's equipment to memory. When he gets back to Remnant, and after he saved everybody, he was going to commission that weapon and armor set. The motif, the color scheme, they fitted him to a tee. The cannonblade looked like it can annihilate any Grimm.

His gaze flicked to the frozen form of Leviathan.

If he gets back to Remnant.


Author's Notes: Welcome to Worm, where bad things happen quickly, suddenly, and all over the place.
And then it got even worse, by upping the raid boss's ability by half a percent.
Stories:
QQ Sneaking His Way into the Multiverse , a RWBY Jaune, WC-lite mechanics story.
Other RWBY stories on AO3 or FF - Yakuza Arc | Conquered Menagerie: Annals of the Sixth Kingdom | Cat, Bunny, and the Good Ship Honey Starbright | The Agent
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, RSR2000, DrZeb49 and 1,016 others
LazyAutumnMoon
Jun 7, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 4: ...Experienced the Culture, Met My Heroes...
View content
LazyAutumnMoon
LazyAutumnMoon
We all need Sundancer in our life.
JoinedJun 7, 2024
Messages289
Likes received68,284
Jun 7, 2024
Add bookmark
#4
After their arrival, the newcomers quickly took charge. As the green man—Eidolon, according to the awed whispers among the crowd—flew off to deal with the incoming tidal waves(! ! !), Armsmaster handed down orders to the assembled superheroes.

It was a hell of a thing for Jaune to learn from the man's speech that they never expected any of the heroes who joined this battle, alive or fallen, to stand a chance of defeating the monster. The best they could have hoped for going in was to whittle it down until it retreated, a plan shot to pieces by this point. Even its current frozen state had a limit. The clock-hero, Clockblocker, can stop things in time for a random duration, but the effect never lasts long. The object would also be immune to all damage in this condition, which explains to Jaune why they weren't unloading their combined arsenal in the monster's face at the moment.

What remained now was a do-or-die delaying action as they awaited someone going by the name of Scion to arrive and beat back the beast. To that end, Armsmaster was organizing the combatants in a loose formation spread out over a few blocks to prepare for Leviathan's eventual awakening.

The thought that Leviathan could start moving in the literal next few seconds lit quite a fire under people's rears, and they were running pell-mell to obey their given orders. The heroes most durable formed a line, waiting; their task was to be first up to bat. People who could set traps were doing so at record speed to lay a veritable minefield along one side of it; that way led to the nearest civilian center, and nobody wanted the monster heading there. Others helped to evacuate the wounded or bring in reinforcements. Those capable of bringing great firepower to bear were told to space themselves throughout the area and look for opportunities whenever Leviathan became distracted. The rest were sent to man the perimeters in the expectation of waylaying the enemy should it break containment. As the clock ticked by, a sort of harmony asserted itself, the hectic scramble developing a rhythm, moving to one man's vision.

A single discordant element existed within that space, born from a lack of orders to follow and a desire to help. Which can be either the best, or worse, combination.

Jaune's banking on good outcomes. His idea wasn't that out there. In fact, it made perfect sense. To him.

"Yup, just here." Standing behind the scaly beast, he pointed with a hand as he spoke to the girl capable of summoning miniature suns. "Can you make the ball big enough to engulf it?"

"I c-can, but…" The superhero glanced sidelong at Leviathan, hands wringing. "It's not alive, is it? Like, this isn't a person that I am going to k– attack?"

It wasn't hard to catch the slip, and to guess what the girl was hung up on. She abhorred the prospect of killing. Whether she was brave or foolish to still participate today despite that, Jaune couldn't rightly say, but his respect for her rose a few notches because of it. Heroes and idiots have always found a home in Beacon.

"I doubt it," Jaune denied. "That thing's more akin to some ancient Grimm than a human."

"Greem?" She asked, tilting her head.

That one mangled word said it all. They don't have Grimm here. Wow.

No engulfing darkness, with civilization driven to the brink of extinction? No ravening horde descending on a town due to one person feeling too sad that day? Hot damn.

Then again, there's an eminently lethal, city-destroying monster in their place. It's not all sunshine and rainbows in this universe. But, still. He hadn't even considered there could exist a place where he might have to explain what a Grimm was.

Faced with someone who had never known of life's enemy and in all likelihood wouldn't believe him on it, Jaune waffled a bit for an excuse.

"Uhhh, it's a fictional creature." Inspiration struck. "From a comic book. A very niche one you probably wouldn't have read. I'm a nerd like that. Anywho, the details aren't important. What I was getting at is that Leviathan is probably, you know, that sort of thing. One of those thousands-of-years-old, monster-from-the-deep types like you see in the movies. It's not human, and never was."

He sure hoped they have creature-feature cinema here, or he would have just outed himself as coming from somewhere else. Or left the impression that he's a loon.

"I guess that makes sense…" So she said, but the hero remained yet uncertain. She stared up at Leviathan without speaking, shifting from foot to foot.

"It's okay if you don't want—"

Jaune bit off the rest of the sentence as the girl took in a deep breath. Her chest rose and fell once, twice, thrice before she seemed to muster her courage, striding in front of him. Holding her hands a short distance apart, she peered down at something in them.

Jaune peeked over her shoulders to see her power at work, and regretted it pretty much instantly. A flicker of light, accompanied by a roaring sound, flashed between her hands for a fraction of a second, bright to the point that it left spots dancing in his vision. He squinted his eyes and turned from another flare, this one lasting a touch longer. The temperature made a sudden jump, shooting past uncomfortable to become so hot that the rain around the summoner transformed to steam. Jaune's Aura softly glowed as it registered an attack upon his body. There had to be another aspect to her power, because the girl was unphased by the heat.

"You might want to step back. A lot." She said, while standing on dry land in the middle of a flooded street during a hurricane. Heeding the suggestion, Jaune skipped back a few yards. Then, a few more when that proved insufficient. Around him, others followed suit.

Above the girl's hands now floated an orb of fire, baseball-sized. A couple of flickers later and it compared to a basketball. The orb began a slow flight towards Leviathan, growing over time. Meanwhile, the hero backed away, keeping her gaze on the ball as she retreated to where Jaune was waiting.

Halfway there, an armored hand crashed down on her shoulder, squeezing so hard that she let out a cry of pain.

"Shut it off!" Armsmaster snarled. When she instead stammered in confusion, he slammed his halberd into the road to emphasize the command. "NOW!"

"B-but—" She cringed as more shouting drowned out her protest. Jaune rushed over, and tried to segue between the two of them. Armsmaster's attention snapped to him.

"You are not in the database of participants," he declared with absolute certainty, then proceeded to observe Jaune from head to toe before focusing on his face. "Rags and souvenirs. No mask. Are you a new parahuman?" His lips curled in scorn. "Or are you a civilian who snuck in to meet heroes?"

A rumbling passed through the crowd of onlookers, fueled by open-mouthed astonishment. With great care, Jaune smiled to hide his ignorance, hoping that nobody would press for an answer. He had only an inkling of what a parahuman was from the context, enough to know he wasn't one, but professing to the contrary appeared the worse choice judging by the hostile atmosphere.

Deflecting, he said, "I'm the person who came up with this plan. I asked her to help me."

The good news? His admission succeeded in warding off further questions on his background. Bad news, it otherwise didn't go over that well, triggering the man's ire.

"There is ALREADY a plan, one which you two are impeding," Arsmaster growled. "Desist. At. Once."

Jaune, perhaps unwisely, declined to roll over on the man's say-so. "Look, can we at least give it a shot? You want to deal damage, she summons a frigging sun! There's a mutual interest here. When Leviathan unfreezes, it'll get a few thousand degrees to the face and—boom!—Patch Fried Lizard." Instincts drove him to search for a blonde mane of hair and a gauntleted fist after making that comment on Patch island, before he remembered the violent woman was a universe away from here. One silver lining to getting punted out of Remnant, this Ansel boy can throw shade on the other regions of Vale with impunity.

"Her power is untested." Armsmaster almost spat the word, it seeming to offend him on a base level. "Nothing has indicated it to match the sun in thermal output. Our strongest Blasters, good people whose powers have been rigorously researched, cannot land a decisive strike on Leviathan, and you think you can? Are you so arrogant to believe that your ability can surpass that of Legend!?"

Oh, that's just dirty pool.

Jaune spotted the very moment that the tide turned against him and the girl. As the name 'Legend' resounded through the staging ground, the stances of those in the vicinity shifted to face the two of them. Arms proceeded to cross and lips set in frowns or sneers, many scoffing as they dismissed the whelps who dared to besmirch the beloved hero's memory.

"You children think you have all the answers, yet you did not even consider how your doomed attempt would affect the rest of us." The armored hero pointed at the ball of fire. "That thing will blind anybody trying to keep an eye on the beast. What will you do when Leviathan escapes our net and annihilates everyone here, because we can't see it coming? It'd all be on you two fools if we fail!"

Jaune argued, "Or, it could work and we end the match in one big opener. Doesn't this monster warrant taking that kind of risk? Besides, there's ways to mitigate the visual effect. Aren't our eyes open right now? We can still see." His rebuttal garnered a few nods, a couple expressions of intrigue. Not nearly enough.

Just then, a new figure interrupted the confrontation—it was the superhero whose equipment Jaune coveted—and he moved to stand next to the hero in blue. A glance from one party to the other, to the miniature sun and back again, gave the impression that he was granting the possibility careful thought.

Hope reared its head, growing alongside the silence. In bated breath Jaune waited, as did everybody else, for the impromptu tiebreaker to render his judgment. Maybe, just maybe, he would agree to let it ride.

Reaching a conclusion, the knight-hero spoke. He projected his voice loud and clear for all present to hear.

"Armsmaster is an experienced hero who has taken part, and proven himself, in multiple Endbringer fights. I trust him implicitly."

…bastard.

"At the current juncture, he is in command of this operation, his authority superseded only by the Tri- the surviving members of the Triumvirate. You are expected to defer to his expertise in all circumstances. Disobeying an order from him cast our efforts and sacrifices thus far in jeopardy."

Reputation. Trust. The person that took umbrage with him was one who has established his bona fides, a core member of this alliance. It therefore mattered not one whit the merits of Jaune's idea or how well he presented his case. Those were not even taken into consideration. The heroes occupying the top ranks will without question stand by their fellow, lending him their support out of camaraderie and presenting a united front through thick and thin against malcontents like the blond nobody that was Jaune.

It should have been a sight to inspire. Standing on the outside, he would call it an obstinate blindness, plain and simple.

Pure smugness oozed off the man in blue across from him. He stepped closer to loom over Jaune and the sun-hero, the latter of whom received a hard stare.

To her, Armsmaster remarked, "And when such mutiny comes from a villain, it certainly calls into question your level of dedication in this battle."

Vil…lain?

The sun winked out of existence, its absence casting them into a darker, near-night visibility. Out of the corner of his eyes, Jaune watched the girl shrink in on herself, and he seethed in fury at the triumphant smirk that flitted past Armsmaster's face, too quick for anyone but him to catch.

There's a desire to ask his ally about what was said, the curiosity couldn't be helped, but he clamped down on that impulse in favor of shooting back at the older man.

"Hey! Don't just accuse—" He got no further. Deeming him no longer a concern, Armsmaster marched past Jaune, bashing an armored shoulder against his fabric-covered own to make him stumble.

"Follow your orders!" He barked with an air of finality. It was a signal for the assembled combatants to return to their tasks, running every which way in a flurry of activities. Looking around, there were no allies to be had among them. Some shook their heads in pity. More would rather throw a last nasty glare at them before leaving for their assigned positions. Armsmaster, in what to Jaune's view was a direct reversal of his former stance, got to work strapping a small pile of bombs to Leviathan, explosives that failed when Ms. Militia used them and bearing a fraction of the destructive potential of a mini sun. Not a single person gainsay him.

Jaune pulled the hood of the poncho low to hide his downcast eyes.

What kind of superhero treats other people like that? People on the same side, no less. The browbeating, the power play, Armsmaster was only interested in winning the confrontation, his mind unwavering throughout. It's doubtful if he had spared any true regard to the gambit before dismissing it out of hand.

So, what now?

There's got to be a way to beat this thing. He just didn't know how. His best plan was shot, and he knew too little about the abilities of the other superheroes, rendering it impossible to formulate a strategy. They wouldn't give him the time of day after that disagreement, in any case.

As for following the proposal Armsmaster put forward…nobody said where he should go. People were taking their cue from the chirpings of the armbands, something he personally lacked due to his spontaneous involvement. He couldn't get any orders.

He could guess, though. With his Aura and Crocea Mors, he wasn't about to do much to Leviathan. He's weak, meaning it'd be the outskirts for him; A simple lookout duty to warn others if Leviathan escapes down his route.

Jaune scoffed.

Escape. What a joke. That thing goes where it pleases.

His approach had run counter to that of the other man. Of course it did. Jaune pushed for a greater offensive that bordered on an all-or-nothing play because he had visualized the end result of the holding action advocated by Armsmaster. The number of casualties paving that path boggled the mind. Splitting up to prevent heroes dying in droves made sense, but to spread out to the extent of stationing each combatant by themselves, then leaving them to their own devices? A lone fighter would draw all of Leviathan's ire, guaranteeing their death in a matter of seconds.

It's a poor tactic, all told, born of desperation. He'd observed the heroes (and villains), and many were geared for one thing or another. Offense. Defense. Movement. Esoteric effects. Few can boast of having it all. Apart, Leviathan would overwhelm each person on every front.

Put some of them together, however…

Organize the combatants as teams in the style of Beacon, balance the mix, and see what a difference it could make. One to attack, one to defend, another to get them out of trouble, and so on. Give them a chance to deal damage and survive. Or the hope of it, at least.

Instead, their lot was to be offered up one by one as sacrifices to sate the monster's hunger. It's enough to make a person despair. Truly it did.

So, again, what now?

A hand tapped a soft beat on his arm. Turning towards the culprit, he came face-to-visor with the summoner, who answered the questioning tilt of his head by holding up her wrist, on which an armband sat.

To his amazement, the thin fabric worked somewhat like a scroll. Bright lines drew a minimalist rendition of a map, with colored dots and arrows to denote objectives. One arrow led straight at Leviathan. Another was blinking, and led southwest of here according to the compass. Was that where she's redeploying?

She took a step that way, waving for him to come along.

…He could have hugged this person right about then. Falling in line with her, they started to wade through the water.

"Thanks, I was a little lost on what to do," he said, then glanced over his shoulder. "And hey, I'm sorry for dragging you into that mess back there. If I knew the guy was going to blow up on us, I would have…well, I probably would have still tried it, but I'll knock him out beforehand."

The summoner's hands flew up to her cloth mask, stifling a laugh. And while it faded all too soon due to the pall cast by Leviathan, Jaune was glad to see the tension slowly ease off of her. After regaining her composure, she shrugged, murmuring, "I thought it was a good plan. It's weird that he shut us down so hard, I wonder why?"

He wanted an answer to the same, too. Something beside weak excuses boiling down to 'my eyes are sensitive' and 'we know better, you shut up'.

"And, and!" His companion gave a quick bow. "Thanks so much for taking the hit for me earlier. I was a sitting duck and if not for you, it could have been really bad."

His heart lifted at the comment. That's one thing he did right.

"You're welcome. I can't bring anything special to the table, but I hope my shield arm can at least be of some use."

"A-about that, I was actually thinking we could work together?" She asked. A note of eagerness rang clear in her tone. "My outfit doesn't make for the best protection, as you can see." Yep. He can. It featured thin armor plating in places, but hugged her figure on the whole, and the red suns were more decorative than practical. It reminded him of Huntsman fashion. "But with me on DPS and you playing tank, we might do better than if we're alone. What do you say?"

What does he say? She had just put into words—albeit more gamified—the very concepts bouncing around in his head!

He can't save the day. Jaune no longer harbored any delusion of accomplishing such a miraculous feat. Leviathan was simply too strong. But he can offer one person his shield, for what it's worth, as they try to survive in this battle until the hero Scion arrives. And with her overwhelming firepower, they stood a chance of making a difference, however small.

"Done!" He put out a hand. After a second, his ally reached out to clasp it in hers. They shook on it, and Jaune continued the conversation as they turned a corner. "Since we're teaming up, I suppose we're overdue for an introduction. I'm Jaune Arc." Wait, he should have given out a hero name! Inwardly lamenting the lost opportunity, he said, "What do they call you? In costume, I mean."

Please say 'The Sunmoner'. The pun would cheer him up to no end.

"I go by Sundancer."

"Oh? That's a pretty name." It rolled off the tongue even better than The Sunmoner.

Sundancer ducked her head at the comment and grew quiet. The reaction worried him at first, but he soon worked out the reason for it.

Wooow, did he purchase a conversation [Skill] by accident, or something? Because he delivered that line so smooooth. Now, if only he can figure out how to replicate it on a consistent basis, he'd be golden.

In the meantime, the silence between them dragged on. They've relocated a block west and south of Leviathan, with the map telling them to walk south for three more. Occasionally, other heroes (and villains, which would never not surprise him) tasked with the same appeared in view. Jaune and Sundancer walked past one such, a person he remembered from the battle at the intersection.

The skinny, androgynous figure in black was scoping out the surroundings. They froze when the pair neared, watching the newcomers while motionless. Hiding how unsettled their stillness made him, Jaune nodded to the figure. They did not respond, insectile mask simply moving to follow the progress of his group.

Once he left their vicinity, Jaune shivered from the sensation of wrongness that had crept up his spine. Sundancer herself seemed to breathe easier for having put them behind her.

They then both screamed their heads off as a massive cloud teeming with bees, flies, and beetles burst out of an alleyway just ahead. Jaune recovered first, and jumped forward with his shield raised to cover Sundancer. She, meanwhile, had rushed to his back in order to hide. Peeking over his shoulder, she gave a soft 'Ah!' of recognition.

"T-those must be Skitter's. She's the person we just saw. They won't hurt us…I think."

"Are you sure? The buzzing sounds awfully aggressive to me!"

Her claim gained credence, though, when the bugs refrained from doing much more than that, and Jaune heaved a sigh of relief. The prospect of a million bugs crawling over and into his clothes had filled him with revulsion. As it was, the two of them maintained a wide berth as they skirted around the swarm. A glance at the bug controller revealed three additional clouds like it were floating towards the person, gathering in passable silhouettes of people with the leftovers clinging to her body. Jaunce can already tell that it will be this and not Leviathan that's going to feature in his nightmares for days to come.

"Scary as hell, that lady."

"You can say that again." muttered Sundancer. She fidgeted with her hands before speaking up. "Hey, so, you seem really used to jumping in the line of fire…I'm guessing you're a hero? Are you with New Wave, by any chance?"

"New who?"

"Oh, that's a no, then? I just assumed you might have been since John Arc sounded like, you know, your real name." She resumed her nervous fidgeting.

Jaune nodded. "It is. Although, it's Jaune and not John. J-A-U-N-E."

"Like, french for yellow?"

"Uhhh, sure! Let's go with that." Leaving aside whatever the heck 'french' meant, it was true that his name referred to the color yellow.

"Jo… Ja… Jaune?" Sundancer practiced, shaping her lips around the unfamiliar word. She pumped a fist in victory when Jaune confirmed she said it right. "I can't believe you're using your actual name. And aren't wearing a mask."

Partly in jest, Jaune replied, "You really think I'm that ugly, Sunny Days?"

Sundancer furiously shook her head, flustered. "That's not what I said! You look good- I mean, you look fine! F-fine as in okay, I'm not trying to say fine as in fine, I wasn't staring, I swear!" A short pause ensued, where neither of them said a word. Then, her face fell into her hands, and she groaned. "Ignore me? Please? It's just you don't hide your identity, and most people in this scene… hide their identity." She finished lamely.

Whookay, a lot to unpack there, not least that he should work on his jokes if it sets people off like this. Also, he could be wrong, but her ramblings seemed to imply a positive opinion on his appearance, stroking his ego in a way he didn't know he enjoyed. It merited further investigation. He'll bring it up when she's less skittish. Grin, grin.

Man, this was fun. Why had he never tried to talk to girls back in Beacon?

Ah, right, because Jax Darkphenix in all probability blasted his head with mind control to prevent a single hint of romantic interactions, and this might well just be him acting without that filter. Jaune experienced a sudden, unfathomable urge to kick something.

"It never came up as a necessity, that's all," he said, mood dampened at the bad memory. A glint in the water ahead caught his attention. He kept a close watch on it as he talked. "And I can't say I'm a hero, yet."

"Then, are you a—"

"Hold that thought? I need to check on this thing real quick. Keep going and I'll catch up."

Splitting off, he raced over to the half-submerged object; it's a hilt, red and crystalline. Grabbing the handle, he pulled the weapon out of the road where it had been impaled to expose a long dagger. The razor thin blade was composed of the same material as the hilt and the knife as a whole possessed a delicate yet simple form, lacking details. An experimental swing easily sliced through the metal of a car door. He flicked a finger against the blade and it sang a most beautiful, melodious note.

Lien signs appeared in his eyes.

After a quick scan of his surroundings to search for an owner and seeing none, he fished out Jax's scroll—while making a mental note to separate it and his scroll in different pockets from now on—to open the Marketplace app.

Okay, time to test out how the selling function worked. Though he wasn't confident in what information he should put down for the dagger, he can probably muddle along in listing the thing. What he's most concerned about was the delivery process. [Blank], presumably, took effect upon purchase, but this was a physical object. He might be in big trouble if The Company required him to handle packaging and shipping the item to another universe.

Navigating to the selling page, he encountered a list of his sellable goods, numbering four entries at the moment; Crocea Mors, the t-shirt, the poncho, and the dagger, recognized by the app through some creepy eldritch power as being in his possession, and furthermore owned by him as noted on one side of the entries. On the bright side, that'd save him the effort of typing out a description.

Crocea Mors was out, because he wasn't going to pawn his family heirloom. The two mundane items carried a value of zero, their cheap make deemed worthless to the universes at large. The new weapon, on the other hand? One hundred points. Pretty dang low in his opinion considering the otherworldly gem-like material, but still able to pay off a solid quarter of his debt. Giddy, Jaune tapped on its icon.


Bloodiamond Dagger
Universe: Worm
Hard as diamond, but not actually made of diamond. Crimson as blood, and certainly made of blood. Crafted through the blood-based power expression of 'BloodEdge, the Bloodied Hero' (PRT-Registered Name, full phrase with comma and caps), whose bloody blades have taken more of her own blood than anyone else's blood. Blood.
Sharp, and appeals to a particular demographic. That's about it.


Yeeeah, no way he's keeping that around. Sell, sell, sell.


Unsellable within Instance.
Note: Marketplace Selling is allowed in designated [Home Base], or with relevant [Skills].


The urge to kick something made its reappearance. A second popup offered the answer to his woes.


Recommended [Skill]:
[Mobile Merchant]
Make quick bucks from the comfort of your couch, in the midst of dramatic battles, or sitting on the toilet. Anywhere, anytime, it's a world full of capitalistic possibilities at your fingertips.


Checking the cost, Jaune took one look at the low, low price tag of 5999 Points and promptly shut off the scroll, muttering curses under his breath. Capitalistic, indeed, to paywall critical functions! He was starting to suspect that the Company was out to fleece his sorry self. While there may be a day he'd have to pick up that [Skill] for the sake of accessibility, it would not be today, given he's flat broke and owing.

Frown stuck on his face, he stowed the dagger in his belt and regrouped with Sundancer at the coordinates marked by the armband, on the edge of Sector CC-7 and CC-8 according to the map. Besides them and Skitter, there were a few people scattered about, including the younger sibling of the blond flying duo from previous. He vaguely noted a new reticence to Sundancer but it went unaddressed in lieu of a greater oddity that occupied his focus.

Their spot in CC-7 translated to four blocks south and one over from Leviathan. Why have the heroes in charge placed Sundancer this far out? She's among those with higher destructive potential against the creature. Lookout duty seemed a poor use of her strengths.

Soon, however, her persistent scrutiny drew his attention, and he observed how her head alternated between tilting up to look at his hair, then lowering to his hip where Crocea Mors hung. Finally, he couldn't take the silence anymore, and asked her about it. In a voice laced with suspicion, she responded.

"Weird question, but…you're not with E88 are you? Because we can't be friends if you're a Nazi."

He blinked twice, not understanding. His lack of an answer must have worried her because Sundancer took a half-step away. She shuffled from foot to foot, torn on what to do.

"No," he stated. Going by context, he guessed that was the correct thing to say.

Sundancer exhaled a breath, one hand going to her chest. "Oh, thank goodness. I'm so sorry for asking something rude like that. It's just this town, you know? Not a hero, blond hair and deep blue eyes, a sword, the whole shining knight thing. It screams Nazi cape, and I was worried..."

"But, I'm not wearing a cape?"

A simple statement, yet it caused Sundancer to freeze in her tracks. Incoherent choking noises came from under her mask, nothing he could decipher.

With effort, she rasped, "No, I was talking about a cape cape."

Jaune twisted to look behind himself. Undoubtedly, he wore no cape. If she was referring to his rainwear, then a mere poncho shouldn't make the cut to capehood, he felt. Turning back to his companion, he was greeted with her slackened stance, a full-body tilt to convey her incredulousness.

"Do you know what a cape is?"

Damn. Her tone boded nothing good. It suggested that he was missing some common knowledge. He'd out himself unless he played this right.

"Course I do. Do you know what a cape is?" Deja vu. He tried this on Pyrrha way back when, if he recalled. He…he also remembered it not working too well at the time.

"Are you being serious? You are! Then you're really a civilian—but, no, you can block one of Leviathan's attacks! A new trigger?" She saw something in his expression, a cause for great concern. It convinced him that there's a good case to be made for donning one of those masks, after all. His poker face sucked. Sundancer deadpanned, "You have no idea what a trigger is, do you?"

Jaune fabricated a backstory on the spot. "I live out in the sticks. We don't get the news very often. Or ever."

Just a simple farmboy, nothing to see here.

"Uh-huh." She sounded unconvinced. Jaune avoided her gaze, glancing off to the side and hoping to hell that she knew as little about rural life as he did, because otherwise it'd take about thirty seconds to expose his lies.

As she was gearing up to poke holes in his flimsy excuse, however, a cold front hit them from the direction of the sea. It pierced through their wet clothes to leave them shivering.

The cause of the freak wind was flying over the coast, a green figure shooting out blue beams that froze the waves into big, irregular walls. They, in turn, blocked later waves from ever hitting land. And, more importantly, from washing the combatants away. Nice.

They could do without the hypothermia, though.

Nudging Sundancer, he asked, "Can you give us a bit of warmth?"

She answered by putting her hands together, and after Jaune removed himself, Sundancer brought forth a new ball of fire. The moment the tiny orb emerged, the chill immediately receded. Once it ballooned to a stable size, she pushed it out half a block to let Jaune rejoin her at the center of the street. Warm and toasty, Jaune stood with the sun at his back, using its light to check out the city skyline in full.

"Your power's got a lot of uses, huh? I wonder if it can provide energy to run the entire city. There could be good money in that."

"Um, yeah. Maybe."

"What's with the dispirited tone, Sunny Days? You could become a millionaire." A memory niggled at his mind, and hand met forehead. "…although I suppose that's kinda hard to arrange if they arrest you on sight. Dang."

The sun shook, nearly dissipating. "I-it's not a problem with you, is it? That I'm a villain?"

Had that incident with Armsmaster hounded her thoughts all this while?

He was leery upon first finding out of it, that much Jaune will admit. The revelation that such a mild-mannered and agreeable person might be a career criminal had thrown him off his rhythm. The oft-said line one hears on the evening news put it best. She didn't seem the type.

But then, he wasn't exactly what he appeared to be, either. Not since the start of Beacon, which he entered through false documents. And the same went for a lot of people he called friends.

Team RWBY hadn't intended to tell him and the rest of JNPR much of anything, but they were a loud, indiscreet bunch and their 'secrets' were known to more people than they would expect.

Blake's a former terrorist. Yang took part in back alley brawls and street races. Ruby's a vigilante.

Ren and Nora have seen some things, done some things, and only the fact that they were literal starving, orphaned children during their pre-Beacon days excused them from the label of 'bandit'.

He'd had the chance to listen in on a few conversations between his other classmates, too—which was another strike against his character now that he thought about it—and discovered that Beacon hosted quite a collection of ne'er-do-wells, enough that he wondered if a criminal background might not count as a hidden requirement for entrance. Taken altogether, it left Weiss and Pyrrha as the odd ones out among their year-group.

Ooh! There's also the brutal evisceration of Jax attached to his name. He'd almost forgotten that!

So, yeah, he had no room to judge Sundancer. She was a ray of sunshine in comparison to the den of outlaws he resided in for a year.

"My past isn't squeaky clean, either," he reassured Sundancer, shrugging his shoulders. "And I've seen for myself the way you act. You're pretty cool, and loads better than the shouty blue guy." They both snickered. "Still, I can't deny I'm curious on what made you choose to help out the heroes."

His ally stared into the sun she summoned, arms crossed and contemplative. Her answer, when it came, contained an undercurrent of shame.

"Honestly…I didn't want to. My group, we're working for this one villain, Coil, in exchange for him helping our friend and he ordered us to take part. I tried to get everyone to run but they didn't listen. I had to go because they went. And then- and then I learned what that thing can do. Leviathan was going to bring down the city, and there were hundreds of thousands of people in its path, all trapped in the shelters. I didn't want to be here, but how could I leave? "

Yet, so too were there the very heights of heroism. Jaune concluded that she would have done well as a Huntress.

Adamant down, CD-6.​

The synthetic voice intruded upon their conversation. Its cold message heralded the awakening of the beast. Along the road, heroes and villains whirled to look northward, straining to spot a sign of the battle.

Night deceased, CD-6.​

The armband announcement remained their best indicator.

Fog deceased, CD-6.​

The strategy spearheaded by Armsmaster worked as intended. Their casualties ticked upward by single counts, their distance forcing Leviathan to chase down targets.

Uber deceased, CD-6.​

It didn't sound like a win. Leviathan seemed no less unstoppable, inevitable.

By his side, Sundancer held herself, trembling. She flinched each time the armband chirped the name of a fallen. It's impossible to see an expression past the full facemask, but her shortened breath belied her panic.

To distract her, Jaune started talking.

"What do you do, outside of this?"

"Huh?" Was her numb reply.

"Life's not all great big balls of fire. What does Sundancer do when she has free time?"

She alternated her gaze between him and the direction of the battle, as if unsure if she had heard him correctly. In the end, his continued show of interest drew out a response.

"I p-play videogames. I'm actually a pro back home."

"That's awesome! I'm just a casual player, myself."

Emboldened, Sundancer said without prompting, "I also know ballet. It's been a while since I've done it, though."

"Nice. I saw a performance once. It's a lot different from ballroom dancing." His oddly specific comment garnered her attention.

"Ballroom?"

"My sisters made me learn. Totally bragging, I've gotten quite good at it, along with a couple modern styles. My friends and I killed it at our school dance."

Sundancer softly giggled, the sound muffled in part by the fabric of her costume. It couldn't quite drown out the next announcement, but she stayed calm through the report.

Faultline deceased, CD-6.​

The orb of fire increased in size.

"We had a blast. It was a great night," Jaune finished. The armband kept up a steady chant in the background.

Victor deceased, CD-6.​

"You know..." It was Sundancer who initiated the dialogue this time.

"Yes?" Jaune asked.

Sundancer fell quiet, seemingly losing her nerves. She turned her head to the side, facing with ease the intense light radiating from the miniature star she created. What she wanted, he had not a clue, but he stood by in his own silence, content to wait.

And, peering into her sun, she found a resolve.

"You know," Sundancer repeated, turning to look up at him, "a waltz can't be much harder than ballet. If we get out of this mess, how about we go dancing?"

"Sure thing. That sounds like a good time." Jaune mustered a smile for her, cheery and honest; and though he cannot see under her mask, he had a hunch Sundancer was doing the same in turn.

Whatever else they might say was left unspoken.

A giant ocean wave slammed against the ice wall conjured along the coast, an almighty crash sending up a roar to shake the city.

And far, far down the street, Leviathan stalked into view.

Oh, boy. Here we go again.



Author's notes: Jaune thinks he's so slick, coming up with his 'fool-proof' plan. He didn't expect the Brockton Bay welcoming committee.
One thing I like about Worm, I didn't even have to adjust the heroes' personalities for them to act like that.
.
Jaune, throughout - Imma grab all the flags with this Sundancer girl!
Sundancer, helping- Ooh, ooh, here's one! Ehem… Once this war is finally over and we go home…
.
Since there are elements of the story that our narrator cannot know about, and therefore cannot be explained in the text, I'll field questions, limited to those with answers that won't spoil future developments.
Stories:
QQ Sneaking His Way into the Multiverse , a RWBY Jaune, WC-lite mechanics story.
Other RWBY stories on AO3 or FF - Yakuza Arc | Conquered Menagerie: Annals of the Sixth Kingdom | Cat, Bunny, and the Good Ship Honey Starbright | The Agent
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, RSR2000, Noctus and 1,070 others
LazyAutumnMoon
Jun 7, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 5: ...Petted the Wildlife, Played in the Rain...
View content
LazyAutumnMoon
LazyAutumnMoon
We all need Sundancer in our life.
JoinedJun 7, 2024
Messages289
Likes received68,284
Jun 7, 2024
Add bookmark
#5
Nobody made a move. Nobody wanted its attention. Heroes and villains watched in breathless terror as Leviathan slinked down the street. A lop-sided thing it was, one shoulder malformed with swollen growths. An ugly thing it was, face ripped away on one side. A hole through the belly, a gouge in the neck, the beast bore its wounds in total silence. Splattered on scaly hide were the blood of hunted prey, meeting rain to drip down in rivulets. Grasped in a hand was one such quarry, the remains of a man encased in armor and crown of steel, body torn in two and his legs nowhere to be seen. Leviathan discarded him with a careless throw.

"Is that…Kaiser?" Sundancer whispered.

Jaune frowned. That name hadn't been announced by the armband. Had it malfunctioned?

Leviathan pointed ahead with a claw and the seawater flooding the street responded, gathering. It soon formed a swell measuring the height of a man, spanning half the street across. A minute adjustment of the claw and the water moved to engulf a rusted van, lifting the wheels off the ground then pulling the entire thing towards the creature. Once the vehicle was close enough, sharp claws tore it asunder, revealing an empty interior.

Near where the van used to be, a dark figure—Skitter—rushed out of a hiding spot, sprinting to gain distance from the monster. Noticing her, Leviathan sent a water blade scything after the runner. Both Jaune and Sundancer shouted for her to duck, their voices drowned out in the rain.

Just before contact, the younger of the blond flying siblings landed next to Skitter and a blue bubble sprang up around them to weather the blow. Above, his sister retaliated by firing laser bolts at Leviathan.

From there, the battle began in earnest.

Those few who could, shot at Leviathan from range. A rifleman appeared over the lip of a building, unloading on the monster's head in an effort to hit the eyes. Twice, Leviathan launched watery afterimages to strike his position. Twice, he managed to take cover, and got up to continue the assault.

Leviathan, that clever beast, repeated the feat, this time whipping its tail back and forth to send two lines of water through the air, one hiding behind the other. The first was dodged like the ones prior, but the second… the rifleman never heard the warnings that others cried out, and the second blade neatly severed his neck as he popped up to take a shot. Leviathan did not spare him a glance as it lumbered on.

Jaune wondered what name the rifleman went by. The armband refused to say. His gunplay waylaid the monster for half a minute. His end came too soon.

"Jaune, how can you be so calm?"

"I'm screaming on the inside."

"Um. Wow. I wish I didn't know that. I thought maybe you weren't worried because you had a plan."

"I do have one. It's called 'protect Sundancer while she cooks the lizard'. So long as you're okay, I'm okay too."

"..."

"Do you feel better now?"

"Strangely enough, yes, I do."

Out of an alley came the next contender, a man in an odd outfit of blue overalls over a red shirt; a red cap sat atop his head. He was strapped down with a mix of devices and weapons, heeding no central theme that could be identified except perhaps that of an insane gadgeteer. It's difficult to tell past the heavy rainfall, but faintly can he be heard screaming at Leviathan.

The man brought up his left arm, which was encased in a blue egg-shaped thing from elbow to hand, and aimed it at the monster. The object flared and sparked, and for a worrying moment seemed about to go off, before spitting out a massive blast of golden energy that detonated on Leviathan's chest.

It slowed for a half-step, but nothing more.

Unbuckling the arm cannon, he let it drop in the flooded street as he swung a rifle from his back. It bore a ramshackle appearance, bulky with the internals on display. Blue beams sprayed in quick succession to zap Leviathan's face, nearly striking its eyes but for a hand rising to block the attacks.

As the man lined up a new shot, electricity crackled along the barrel and the muzzle melted into a useless lump. Not missing a beat, he unslung the rifle and hurled it at Leviathan. The gun landed at the monster's feet and erupted in an explosion, followed up by two cartoony bombs, and a blue turtle shell borne on wings whose detonation dwarfed the ones preceding.

Leviathan walked out of the smoke, missing some pieces but very much alive.

The red-capped man walked forward to meet it, cycling through his arsenal with reckless abandon.

A handgun that spewed jets of fire, used until it slagged. What Jaune recognized as a lightsaber, one that sputtered and smoked, summarily tossed at the beast to go boom. A purple gun of alien design, whose spiky projectiles snapped on Leviathan's hide. A blue circle on a wall, an orange counterpart on the opposite side of the street, linked portals for him to avoid a deadly burst of water. A red-and-white ball that opened up and deployed a yellow beam to no effect… then it set off in a devastating lightshow that scooped out part of the road. A dagger, slashed at a seawater tendril to turn it to ice. A book that launched fireballs, itself going up in flames. His hands continued on in a blur of motion, never resting.

Almost inevitably, the weapons would backfire in spectacular fashion. Yet, even that became another element of the offensive, though the man did not come out from it unscathed. Shocks and burns left their marks on him. Blood dripped down his body, mixing with the water at his feet. Patches of skin bubbled, or dried and cracked.

In return, he has inflicted greater harm upon Leviathan than any one person so far. Half the thing's eyes have shut. Little chunks were missing along its limbs and torso to create a pitted surface. The right hand has shriveled to an ashen husk, movable albeit slow. The monster listed to one side.

The man proceeded to pull out an oversized wooden hammer from a pouch (that disintegrated a moment later). Jaune goggled when the thing's head mechashifted into a rocket thruster, the back igniting to propel its wielder on a beeline for Leviathan. Ducking under a swipe, he smashed the hammer into Leviathan's kneecap with a *BOOM!* and a cloud of smoke.

Without even stopping to see what kind of damage it did, he winded the hammer back and swung it again…and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again until a glowing belt he wore fizzled out and the hammer crashed to the ground, suddenly too heavy for his arms to bear.

His knees hit the street soon after. He slumped in exhaustion.

Left with just his overalls and cap, the man stared up at the looming giant. It, in turn, regarded him for a short while, still as a statue. Then—in a slow, drawn-out movement akin to the raising of a guillotine—Leviathan lifted an arm high over its head.

The mad inventor watched it all play out, and in the moments before the end, a distraught howl filled with anger tore from his throat, its echoes ringing loud and clear over the rain to reach Jaune and Sundancer.

That rage. That despair. Who did he lose? Sharp claws descended, and they'll never know.

"Sundancer, Sundancer, are you sure you want to be here? Now could be your last chance to go."

"If I say I'm running away, what will you do?"

"…There's something for me here that I'm looking for. An object of great value I have never seen but I know I need, and might only be attained in this battle, if that makes any sense. Until it's found, I can't leave."

"Then, I'll stay, too."

With almost casual ease, Leviathan plunged its tail into a storefront, reeling out a person dressed in a blue devil outfit. A swarm of bugs, their controller unseen, affected a rescue by besieging the monster's face, in vain as it ignored the insects to slam the prey against the ground. A sickening crunch, and what remained of the body was released.

Blades of water flew, and they collapsed the front section of a carport. Blood seeped out of the rubble to mark a passing, while nearby another figure dug themselves out, none the worse for wear.

A needle measuring several feet long pierced one of Leviathan's leg. Shadowy bolts failed to do the same. Leviathan swept an arm. High on a rooftop, two figures abandoned their sniping position as it was crushed by the attack. They withdrew rather than risk firing a second salvo.

And then, it's down to Jaune and Sundancer. After a procession of heroes and villains, all that stood between their team of two and Leviathan was the length of a city block.

"Sundancer, Sundancer, it's our turn. Are you ready?"

"I am, so lead on."

They drew closer together, Jaune one step ahead with his shield raised, Sundancer half-hidden at his back, her sun in tow at a safe distance. At his direction, she alternated the ball from one side of the street to the other, vanishing away some of the water behind them to prevent the possibility of a sneaky wave or geyser coalescing in their blindspot.

Quick as a flash, Leviathan opened the battle by whipping its tail at them, the thick limb halting midway. The watery echo continued, on track to take their heads off.

Beacon-honed instincts took over in response. Fear abated, the future pushed aside, here and now it was time for a fight.

The first move Jaune performed in this conflict was aimed at Sundancer. He swept out her leg, dropping himself low in kind. One hand went under her, the other angled his shield up. Most of the water passed harmlessly overhead, with the very edge clipping the metal in a weakened blow. Peeking around Crocea Mors, he spotted an area of bulging water, and recognized Leviathan's work. It was building up for a wave.

Assisting Sundancer upright, he spoke in her ear.

"Swing your sun around, fast as you can!"

He thought that meant a jogging pace when he gave the order. It's the limit to what she had shown. What he didn't expect was for her to have been playing nice all this while. The fireball outpaced a man sprinting, drawing a curved path that evaporated swathes of the water below as it careened towards Leviathan.

Before the mini sun forced him to turn his head, Jaune caught a last glimpse of the monster leaping backward, ditching its attack for the sake of finding safety.

"It's…afraid."

Spotting movement, Jaune spun his ally to switch places, with him facing the spot where the water was molding into a tendril, coiled to spring. One slash of his sword and it lost its form. He then barked out a laugh and shouted at the top of his lungs.

"IT'S AFRAID! ! !"

The echo bounced off the buildings around them.

He had suspected it. He had dared to dream of it. But oh, did it feel amazing to see the truth confirmed with his very eyes. Elated, Jaune peered down at the girl who wielded a star, and said for only her to hear.

"I think we've got a real shot at making it to tomorrow, Sundancer. We just have to hang on. Follow my lead."

"Yes!" She replied, giddy. Interlaced within her voice was a new vigor, a resolve to fight now strengthened by a hope to live.

They scanned the surroundings for Leviathan's next move. Sundancer, able to look at her conjuration, discovered it first. She pointed high.

"It's jumping over!"

Jaune grabbed her, and ran. Slung over his shoulder, she pulled the sun after them, and Jaune directed her to position it in their former place, under where Leviathan will land.

"No good! It just latched onto a building with the tail!"

Turning his head, he watched the monster slam into the ground, having redirected its bulk out of harm's way. Leviathan rolled to its feet, neck twisting in a mirror pose of Jaune to stare at the pair.

Setting Sundancer down, he used the free hand to flip off the beast.

A thought occurred, and he addressed Sundancer. "I wasn't too rough on you, was I?"

It had not seemed so at the time, the girl exhibiting a dancer's grace to shift her body almost in sync with his movements, but he had first-hand experience on how sudden motions can disorient a person.

Sundancer shook her head. "No, it's… I think I would be dead by now if not for you. You're fast."

"Combat training will do that." He shrugged, eyes riveted on Leviathan. "Is it fine if I keep moving you like this?"

"Eheh. Please do."

At once, he grabbed her hand. "Good! Because it's attacking."

"It's wha–eep!"

Sundancer went from standing adjacent him, to spinning on a revolution that placed Jaune between her and three water-claws—his shield tanking the brunt of them, to in front of him with one arm outstretched to guide the miniature star. It obeyed her command and accelerated at their foe.

In a burst of speed, Leviathan dove to the right, the fireball searing one side of the monster black in its passing. It rolled as it hit the road, the water steaming when touched by the burnt hide. The maneuver finished with an arm planted deep in the asphalt to stop its momentum, and after Leviathan recovered it kicked off the ground to rush them. Jaune resettled half a step ahead of Sundancer, a hand at the small of her back.

"Don't panic."

"It's getting close."

"Don't panic."

"It's getting way too close!"

Do matadors exist in this universe? He'd have to ask his new acquaintance later. In the here and now, he observed the approaching beast, eyes flitting at a frantic pace to take note of the possible escape routes.

It hunched a shoulder. He made his choice.

A twirl and Leviathan skirted on by, its ever-present cloak of moisture missing by inches. Sundancer was screaming in his ear, unaccustomed to this level of intensity that she could scarcely follow.

The monster tried to turn, one arm swiping back at the pair; it failed to connect, too far out of reach. Jaune didn't drop his guard, crouching low with Sundancer, the shield forming an incline and his body wholly blocking hers. As anticipated, a sword of water bridged the shortfall, smacking the surface of Crocea Mors with a clang, the force diverting upward in a spray, pouring down with the rain.

Movement stopped for both sides. Jaune and the beast locked eyes, sizing each other up during the stalemate. The sun relocated near, ready to intercept should Leviathan renewed its assault.

A red bolt of light slapped the mouthless face. Beast, boy, and girl turned in the direction from whence it came, just in time to see a giant needle zoom through the air. Leviathan attempted to counter it with an afterimage of its claws, and received a puncture wound in the palm for its efforts.

The nearby heroes and villains have rejoined the battle. No more sacrifices, they were here to make a stand. Hope had bloomed again.

Yaaaay!

The mini star shrank a whole magnitude smaller. Jaune whipped his head towards the other girl.

"Sundancer! Are you hurt?" He checked over her for wounds, seeing nothing beyond scratches. Still, he noted how she had hunched over, limbs locking up.

"I…they…"

"What is it? What's wrong?"

"There's too many people!"

"I don't understand. Isn't that a good thing? They'll back us up."

"NO! I mean— what if I hit them!?" She wailed. The girl in his arms was hyperventilating by this point. Her visored mask began darting this way and that. With a jerk, the sun moved further from the buildings, and fell below the fliers. It continued to diminish as time went on. Becoming weaker. Safer.

And it dawned for Jaune at last.

Sundancer was frightened of what she could do. She had downplayed her power in the beginning—reducing the speed and strength of the sun she wielded, maneuvering it with utmost care—because the idea of killing a person had sickened her even when the target in question was an enemy. Now, with allies of unknown numbers dotting the area, she saw the possibility of her sun cutting a bloody swath across the landscape, and panicked. Rightly so, Jaune had to admit, because he cannot deny the absolute lethality of that fiery orb. Simple proximity could spell death.

Why then, had she released that tight control earlier?

Because of him. Because he said so. Upon his orders, the sun raced and swooped and flew without a hint of worry. In possession of a peaceful–almost passive–temperament, she meekly listened to his command on the impression that he knew what he was doing. It told of a crippling lack of self-confidence.

A flaw he could encourage so she'd fight as he wanted, or…

"It'd be fine. You won't make a mistake."

The battlefield was no place to play therapist. He'll give it a good try, anyway, and there's no better time than when other people were distracting the beast.

"B-but…"

"It'd be fine," he repeated with emphasis. One of his arms wrapped around her shoulder in a half-hug. "Because your control is impeccable. I'm proof of it. Look at how I've fought by your side. I spun you round and round, until you can't tell what's up or down. Yet, I got out with not a single lock of hair singed. All the damage you've inflicted landed on that scaly bastard. Who can boast of such accuracy? You. Only you." The sun pulsed, shining a touch stronger to signify he was on the right track.

"That was when it's just you and me," she mumbled. "With so many more people, I can't watch everyone to make sure I won't k– hurt them."

"Well, it's a good thing I'm here to support you, then. We'll work together, two pairs of eyes to cover all angles. That's the way of it back where I came from." Leaning down, peering into her visor, he said, "Rely on me, as I rely on you, and the brighter tomorrow will surely arrive for us." That was what Beacon had stood for. He missed it already.

Her voice, thick with emotion, asked one thing of him. "Promise?"

Heh.

An Arc never goes back on their promise. That's what the stories say. As a consequence, most Arcs tended to be real careful with the 'P' word. It's not worth the trouble, as his careless mouth had learned so often.

"I promise." Jaune agreed to yet another one with a smile.

Sundancer stood straighter now, surer. Her hands were clenched in fists, raised to her chest. She looked past his shoulder, and Jaune felt the day grow warmer, sunnier.

"I didn't mean to freak out..."

"Who could ever blame you?" Jaune countered. "A love for your fellows is not a flaw. Just know that I'm here to lend a hand."

A sniffle, badly hidden. "Watch my back?"

"Of course."

They re-entered the conflict and the combatants, whatever their alignment, took notice. The sun drew a lazy arc to start, visible and obvious. Those with a working brain saw their silver bullet, and removed themselves from its path; those without ended up doing so anyway when the temperature became too much to bear. Fliers migrated up and back relative to them, giving the sun a wide berth. Thus, a thin corridor opened among their allies to grant them space for fighting. It was the best the two were going to get.

Sundancer set the fireball high at his suggestion, aimed down instead of sideways to gain a greater measure of safety for other people.

"Clear!" On Jaune's go-ahead, the orb hurtled towards Leviathan. It missed as the monster evaded, just barely, and melted a hole in the street. "Reel!"

The sun reverse-coursed on the same trajectory it fired, functioning as a jab rather than the wild swings of previous. It came to a rest in the original position while the other heroes and villains rushed at the beast to get their licks in.

'Clear!' and 'Reel!' evolved into a rhythm as Jaune and Sundancer grew adept at spotting opportunities within the chaotic scramble. In the downtime, Jaune's mouth never rested, calling out to other combatants when the chance presented itself. Mostly, it was to shout warnings, often some variation of 'Move, you idiot!', but he also tried to organize those who wielded powers he had gotten a grasp on so they could better mesh with the offensive.

Some listened. Others had their own ideas, deaf to the strategies in play. Naturally, problems arose.

In the middle of helping Sundancer retarget, a laser sped past his head from someone who thought they'd make great cover to hide behind, grazing way too close for comfort. By reflex, he jerked from it, and caused Sundancer's shot to go entirely off-course. The monster used the lucky reprieve to return a salvo of water-claws that forced the pair to hunker down and lose a precious opportunity. After it ended, Jaune peeked over the lip of the shield, and beheld an open field.

"Cl—" Jaune had to bite down on the word as a teeming cloud of insects flew by, breaking their sightline of Leviathan. What it accomplished he couldn't tell, but it dispersed to leave him a nasty surprise. A wide cutting scythe of water filled his vision.

Diverting the blow proved impossible. He planted his feet solidly, and took it head on with Crocea Mors.

Numbness spread over the shield arm. A portion of the blade, a mere handful's worth of moisture, slipped through his guard to sock him in the jaw, scrambling his thoughts.

"JAUNE!" Sundancer, seeing how he stumbled as she stood at his back, screamed in worry. "Are you okay!?"

"Uuuugh, yeah. Yeah." Things stopped spinning. His stance firmed. "I'm good to keep fighting. Don't worry."

The sentiment changed when he spied a new development that was absolutely worthy of worry. During his short period of disorientation, Leviathan had created a ten-feet high wave that nobody could dispel. The sun was out of range to block it. With a push of a hand, the swell of water rushed at them.

Timely rescue arrived in the form of the blond siblings' younger brother. Dropping out of the sky ahead of them, he activated his power. A blue forcefield sprang up to take the brunt of the wave.

"Nice! Thank- Sundancer, we've got to move!"

The overflow from the wave had spiraled into a geyser. It barreled on, set to pummel Jaune's group. Hoping to destabilize the jet of water, Sundancer recalled her orb, but suspended the endeavor as the sun risked flying too near to people. The geyser lost cohesion in part, yet maintained course.

His plan was simpler. Grabbing her, Jaune hastened out of harm's way—and bounced off the wrong side of an energy barrier being deployed by a person in high tech armor. They've taken cover within, attention focused on the incoming strike with none to spare for others in their vicinity.

Left with little choice, Jaune parried the attack on his shield, twisting his body to flip over Sundancer rather than crash into her. He hit the street, knees and elbows slamming against the asphalt to flare in agony; mouthfuls of filthy seawater entered his lungs in the process.

Coughing and sputtering, he struggled to get back on his feet, slipped and had to be caught by Sundancer. She struggled to hold up his form, and exhaled a relieved breath when he was finally able to stand on his own.

Angry, frustrated, he scanned the battlefield. It was getting messy. Sloppy. The body count has begun ticking up in a repeat of the fight at the intersection.

Rage boiled over. He roared over the din.

"Damn you all, just MOVE ASIDE!"

And, they did. Not by their own cognizance, though. Whose power it belonged to, he hadn't a clue, but the space in front of him warped in mind-bending twists and—suddenly—a clear road stood before the duo. The person who did this deserved a medal. Sundancer agreed, and she pressed the advantage, not even needing his command. The mini star went screaming down the lane.

Leviathan responded by raising a wall with its hydrokinesis. Water met fire, and exploded into steam. Their foe vanished from sight; it had been engulfed by the billowing cloud.

Seconds passed, quiet but for the rain. A woman garbed in forest green and a wispy cloak gestured with her hands to call up a light wind. She channeled it to blow away the steam, revealing…

Nothing. Where did Leviathan go?

"It's circling behind us!" The assembled heroes and villains spun towards the shrill cry. It belonged to Skitter, who was staring at the buildings that lined the street. Her head slowly turned to track something unseen.

Her gaze reached a street corner.

Leviathan bounded into view, the tail enabling it to adjust course without losing speed. Its legs moved in a blur, outright sprinting faster than a car as it raced at the combatants —no, at Sundancer. The last three working eyes of the monster centered solely on her. People in its path went ignored. Attacks washed off without retaliation.

It swiped a hand, launching echoes of its claws. It swung the other, reinforcing with more of the same. The tail was next, contributing a horizontal line going from one side of the street to the other. Then, it restarted the combo, bringing forth a frenzied onslaught the likes of which they were completely unprepared for.

Facing this grinding, slicing storm of blades, Jane considered their options. Simulated the encounter. Calculated his moves. He…did not fancy those chances.

Go wide, go high, both futile. Block or dodge, they'd die. Retreat to nowhere, advance to nothing. Leviathan, that unstoppable beast, was going full-tilt in pursuit of one goal, for the girl by his side to perish.

It was looking like Leviathan would get its wish. This went beyond Jaune's capabilities to overcome. He'd break if he tried. Judging by the choked gurgle that escaped Sundancer's lips, she has arrived at a similar conclusion.

There existed a part of him, a nasty and ugly thing, that told Jaune he could therefore seek to save his own life. Give her up as a loss. Hunker down, roll into a ball. Make himself small. Trust in Aura to spare his hide. He'll get out alive. That voice crooned so enticingly, indeed.

There then arose another piece, that which encompassed the promise he swore, and it rebelled.

No. No! Like hell! Sundancer had stepped up when the occasion called, risking her life despite her doubts and fears. It's his turn to stand on that same line.

No sooner had he thought so, and put himself forward to protect his friend, did Jaune hear a steady thumping. The rhythm intensified, louder and louder as the barrage drew near. It grew to be the only sound in the world, this roaring heartbeat of his.

What might the sensation he's feeling be, the pulse of invigoration that set his body afire?

It's… familiar.

The first of the attacks struck, two claws on his shield, one passing over the rim to cut into his neck. Aura or no, he should have fallen dead from the sheer burst of damage concentrating on one point.

He should have, but for the light which lit him aglow. It radiated not from the faraway sun, seeming rather to emerge from within. Alongside it came an unshakable certainty. Right now, he could hold back the world if he needed to.

The blade of water cut into his neck. It stopped cold, failing to break skin.

And unlike that day in Forever Fall so long ago, he did not close his eyes. He did not let the fleeting moment slip away. Someone was counting on him still, so Jaune wrested hold of the power, willing the gates connecting him with that well of energy to stay open.

Using his shield, he batted aside the second set of claws. The force that had strained his arm now caved as it met an object too hard to overwhelm. The road crumbled beneath the heels of his feet as he pitted himself against the fake tail. A flurry of counters scattered the onrush of water blades that followed. The real tail speared Jaune in the chest. It knocked the breath out of him, and naught else. He has yet to retreat a single step, utterly immovable.

Leviathan itself slowed, then paused, as it arrived in front of Jaune, brought short by an unexpected deviation in the plan. It slapped down with an arm, and was soundly rebuffed. Next was a repeat, only harder. Nothing changed, so it fired a water-echo of a claw, then bolstered the attack by using the whole hand, moving on to an arm in a gradual escalation.

It seemed very, very confused, and Jaune laughed in its face as the clues lined up.

The thing could sense power, it must. That's how it knew he was supposed to be dealt with already. The attacks unleashed were more than adequate to turn a mere human to ribbons. And so, unable to fathom the presence of Aura, it gawked at the anomaly that withstood the blow when he should falter. Lived, when he should die. Here was a creature that defied reality, a thing incalculable to the great beast.

Though, he had his limits.

All too soon, the attacks progressed to the level where his peculiar state cannot fully compensate for the opposing force and leverage. Leviathan's long tail rose high, then dropped like an axe to crush him. Prepared as he was, with shield held in both hands, Jaune's knees buckled under the strain. He hardly recovered before a massive arm bashed his front, nearly making him crash into his charge. Wiping off the water in his eyes, Jaune looked up at the approaching Leviathan.

Yeah, asking him to hold out for much longer would be too tall an order. But then…

A sudden feeling of summer heat caused him to break out in a grin.

…he was never the star of the show. Just the distraction.

"Let him have it, Sunny Days."

Joyful laughter was her answer to him, as Sundancer did exactly that. Her star had navigated all obstacles, tracing a near circle to avoid hurting Jaune, and intense light bore down on him from the sun crossing the sky overhead. In a reversal of their tactics thus far, Sundancer took command, ordering him.

"Jaune…run fast."

Asking no questions, he scooped up the girl and booked it. Behind them, the burning star crashed down on Leviathan at a speed far faster than Sundancer had ever displayed, only possible now because she trusted her partner to survive. The orb connected with Leviathan's back, heat exerting a near physical force to press it to the ground. The beast went wild, thrashing as steam and smoke wafted from its skin, blending together in a spiral pattern. The veil of moisture that it secreted at a constant pace dried up in a flash. Water from the area drew to the beast, vanishing long before reaching Leviathan. The few waves that managed to form struck the sun, the buildings, the roads, anywhere and everywhere in a blind panic. Cautious, Jaune carried Sundancer further out of range from the frenzy before he dared to release her. Side by side, they watched in awe as the monster attempted to drag its sorry carcass towards, not them, but the ocean. Away.

Jaune and Sundancer both sensed it, the turning of the tide. Leviathan was hurting, pushed to the brink. The thing wanted out. Victory was at hand.

They've done it. She's done it!

Their hearts soared in triumph. The beginning of a cheer was ready to burst from their lips.

The elation withered as an object interposed itself between Leviathan and the pair. Lobbed in a gentle arc, it spun in a slow revolution, allowing them to observe the particulars of the object's design, a cylinder colored yellow with a blinking light at the end and buttons along one side.

It sort of looked like a bomb.

The object landed in the water with a splash, closer to Leviathan than them. There shortly followed a dull, muffled thump. Nothing happened for the briefest of moments.

Then, the surface bulged. Volumes of water became displaced. There ensued no explosions, no fire, only a formless pressure spreading out from the point of origin at a walking pace. Slow, deceptively so.

This mysterious effect surpassed a tipping point, and accelerated. The water around it was shoved away in an ever-expanding ring, rain bouncing off an invisible barrier as the asphalt underneath rumbled. The circle extended to Leviathan and induced a minor tremble along its body, the beast too heavy and dense to be much affected.

The phenomenon raced on. A roar reached Jaune's ears. No time to think, to question, he pulled Sundancer into a protective embrace. Pure impact struck them in the next instant, taking the pair clear off their feet.

The sun shining above the battlefield collapsed into nothingness.



Author's Notes: Whodunit? Whydunit?
I'm betting it's that Skitter person. She saw what looked like two riajuus walking hand in hand past her earlier and wanted them to explode.

A stranger came from distant lands to raise up a hero, the two fighting back-to-back, coming to rely on one another, each growing as a person and a partner, until—against all odds—they reach the point of victory… whereupon they ate a bomb to the face? Where are we, Worm? * Checks to see if this is in Worm* Yup, it's Worm.
Last edited: Sep 7, 2024
Stories:
QQ Sneaking His Way into the Multiverse , a RWBY Jaune, WC-lite mechanics story.
Other RWBY stories on AO3 or FF - Yakuza Arc | Conquered Menagerie: Annals of the Sixth Kingdom | Cat, Bunny, and the Good Ship Honey Starbright | The Agent
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, RSR2000, Noctus and 1,028 others
LazyAutumnMoon
Jun 7, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 6: ...and Got a Bit More than a Lousy T-Shirt.
View content
LazyAutumnMoon
LazyAutumnMoon
We all need Sundancer in our life.
JoinedJun 7, 2024
Messages289
Likes received68,284
Jun 7, 2024
Add bookmark
#6
A hand to cradle her head. Another on her waist, pulling Sundancer into him. His back was to the blast. A twist, his back now faced the ground. An impact, and something snapped. Not his. Hers.

He skipped on the shallow water, hit a sheet of red energy fanning out in the air, an impromptu cushion that he crashed right on through. Again a shield appeared to slow them down, to the same result. He glanced off the roof of a car, flipping end over end. Sundancer was wrenched from his arms. Terror, as he lost track of her.

Coming down, his face smashed into the asphalt. An involuntary breath and nostrils became filled with seawater. Sputtering, drowning, he tried to reorient himself. A hand found purchase on rough, beaten road, and pushed to bring his head above the flood. Air was his reward.

The water he inhaled came back up, expelled in great heaves. Shapes and colors danced before his eyes, coalescing over time into buildings, objects, and moving things. The moving things were people, his mind supplied as it cleared. A last moment of confusion had him staring down at his empty hands.

"Sundancer?"

A blur of blue dashed past. Not important. The girl he sought wore red and black. He scanned the road, and spotted her a distance away, slumped along a wall like a puppet with its strings cut as the waterline lapped just below her chin. She looked…

Bad. Badbadbadbadbad.

"Sundancer!"

Flailing off-balanced, he got back upright and stumbled over to the girl. With arms and legs splayed out at sickening angles, her head lolling, she didn't respond to his shout, coughing in labored rasps that sounded as if she was choking. The visor on the mask had cracked, and spots of dark fluid stained the cloth; he ran his fingers under her chin to find the seams to the garment before gingerly pulling the whole thing off.

The first glimpse he received of his friend's uncovered face was of long blonde hair and pretty features drenched in crimson. Freed from the mask, a glob of blood dribbled from her mouth and down her chin. More poured from her ears and nose. Her skin was pale, wan. There were cuts around her eyes; blue irises rolled madly until they landed on him.

"Ja…Jan…whahapp'n…J-J–?" She slurred in an effort to form words. The many, many wounds didn't seem to register with her, leading Sundancer to attempt to move. She scrunched her face in pain. "Ggghh! Ahhh!"

His hands darted forward, instantly rescinding as if scalded. The urge to help ease her agony in some way warred with the thought that he would hurt her more if he touched on an injury by accident.

"Sundancer, don't move, okay? Please don't move. We were hit by a bomb or something, and you're injured, b-but it'll be okay, so just—"

"Huuurd…"

"And we'll make it not hurt. Soon, alright? I'm gonna get you to people who can help." Jaune babbled on as he raced through his options. Long-ingrained common sense jumped first to the solution that said to call for an ambulance. Futile, as his scroll relied on the CCT network instead of whatever it was that people had here, and because they were located at the center of a warzone.

"Aumban…c-call hep…"

Armband, call help? The armbands can be used to communicate! Jaune moved down to the device on her wrist. Unable to decipher the unmarked buttons, he opted for pressing on each in turn.

Hope sank at the sight of a blank and unresponsive screen. Its power had cut out at some point.

"Dammit! It happened to you, too?"

Jaune spun towards the voice, seeing a person descending from the air to hover over the pair. Maskless and sporting a white bodysuit stylized with red arrows, it was the elder of the siblings duo, the one to fire lasers. On her wrist, a similarly dark armband.

"Okay, teleporter evac is out, which isn't ideal, but I can fly her—oh." The flier wilted as she took in the numerous injuries Sundancer bore. "Fuck. Shit. Panacea can heal this, she can heal anything, but to get there…" She trailed off, too late to spare Jaune the message.

In her current state, Sundancer would never reach this Panacea.

A sniff drew his gaze back to Sundancer. Tears were streaming down her face to rip his heart in two. Cupping a cheek, he carefully rubbed his thumb in a soothing motion.

"It's going to be fine, Sundancer," Jaune mumbled, the empty platitude ringing hollow. "You'll see. I'll fix this. I'll…I'll…"

That scroll full of miracles, can he buy things from it?

He had dismissed the possibility due to the message that prohibited selling items outside the so-called [Home Base] area without an ability to circumvent the restriction. He stood far from the former, and was missing the latter. Yet, that was all the scroll stated; it said not a word on spending Points. And hadn't Jax purchased [Emergency Recall] from Remnant?

The notion, however implausible, was all Jaune had left. He plunged a hand into his pocket.

Scroll unlocked and Hardlight screen spread out, Jaune entered the Marketplace app, quickly navigating to the Medical section. The choices rolled out in an unending list. Resentment flared in him upon seeing too many of them priced outside his means while knowing they were the exact solutions he desired; the pod that had brought him back from the brink was right there, on sale for five times his available line of credit.

As for what he can afford, the choices narrowed in function and scope. Mundane supplies came up in droves, ineffectual against the severity of the injuries. A host of strange names appeared next, whose effects seemed no better; they were just common items from universes not his own. Jaune skimmed past the descriptions in increasing desperation, sparing a mere second or two for each one, searching for…this.

Blood-Replenishing Potions, costing 25 Points for five bottles. Something from nothing, a means of restoring Sundancer's fading blood levels while lessening the strain put on her as the next item did its work.

Stimpaks, a set of ten for 50 Points. What it can treat boggled the mind, a true paramedic's dream. Possibly dangerous to a person at death's door as it cannibalizes the energy reserves of the body to stoke their natural regeneration. Employed in conjunction with the potions, however, and the risk may become moot, or at least mitigated.

Still, neither risk nor cost mattered if he failed to make it past the real concern. A tremulous thumb tapped on the purchase button.


Stimpaks x10, Blood-Replenishing Potions x5
Points Cost: 75
Points Balance: 0
Insufficient Points. Buy on—


That was all he needed to read. Jaune slammed his finger on the second button to confirm the order.

"Yes! Hell yes!" He whooped as two glass cases materialized to levitate in front of him, revolving to showcase the contents within. His hands passed through the side of the first box as if it were never there, and the contraption vanished the moment he removed the tray holding the round, glass bottles. Leaving the second case to float in midair—a baffled woman flying alongside it, staring agog—he grabbed one bottle by the slender neck, with the rest lowered to the water where they bobbed up and down, and drew close to the injured girl.

"Sundancer, drink this. Hurry." He unstoppered the bottle and tipped it, letting the syrupy medicine trickle between her lips. Much of the fluid spilled back out, but once he saw that she managed to swallow some down without gagging, Jaune tilted the potion further. When half the bottle was gone, he put it to the side for later, and turned to the container holding the stimpaks.

The second case popped out of existence as he took out the small, plastic package—colored white and bearing red crosses on the sides and top—which opened to reveal ten syringes resting in two neat rows, capped by numbered gauges and loaded with a pink liquid. The accompanying label on the roof of the box detailed usage instructions. It read simply enough, except for a couple of words.

"Intravenous and intramuscular. Does that mean I can inject it in either vein or muscle?" His question caught the flier by surprise.

"Huh?"

"Hurry, please!"

"Uh, uh, yes! I'm pretty sure it is! I saw it on Jeopardy once."

Dubious, but that was the best second opinion he was going to find. Jaune tore open the costume material on Sundancer's right arm, and jabbed the needle at an unblemished (and thus, to his amateur diagnosis, uninjured) spot. After the syringe had finished delivering its contents, he removed the device, and watched for a sign of the medicine affecting her.

One second. Nothing observable occurred.

Two seconds. His heart sped up, gripped by fear.

Three seconds. Four. F-five.

Sundancer gave a sob, and it nearly sent him into a panic until he noticed the cuts on her face closing shut and her posture untensing. Delicate, blood-stained lips quirked in an unbidden smile of relief as the pain wracking her began to ebb.

He did not cry. It was the rain.

Setting to work, he assisted her in finishing the half-full Blood-Replenishing Potion, which he followed up with another stimpak injection. Color returned to deathly-pale skin, and swiping a thumb across the trail of blood on the corner of her mouth showed that it had ceased flowing. He proceeded to add a second bottle plus two more syringes, choosing to err on the side of too much healing rather than not enough. Was it the right procedure? Can a person overdose on these items? He didn't know, but didn't dare to stop.

After the fifth stimpak and third potion had been administered, the condition of Sundancer stabilized to the best as it would get. Both her legs and arms remained broken, and she had difficulty breathing still—it may relate to a protrusion under the skin located on her ribcage, a sight that worried him immensely—but the medicine seemed to be keeping her from experiencing the pain in full, reducing it to a dull ache. In the meantime, Sundancer was able to shift her body to a better position, and Jaune helped to hold her head above the water as he wiped away what he could of the residual streaks of blood. The fact she can muster the energy to voice reassurances whilst chuckling at his mother-hen impression mollified him somewhat.

"You saved me again…"

"No, I messed up. I was dumb and got it in my head that the scroll wouldn't work here. If I had thought of it sooner, I could have spared you a lot of suffering." Jaune chided himself. The device was too new, too unfamiliar, for his mind to jump directly to it in a pinch. That'd have to change going forward. When his savings start filling up, the store may provide any number of useful, if not outright essential, solutions beyond his normal means.

"Stop that! If, if, if! Well, if we never met in the first place, I would have died." Sundancer insisted, giving a petulant huff. "So I'm thanking you, and nothing you say will change my mind."

"But, still—"

"Not. A. Thing. Thank you very much!"

"I—"

"Thank you!"

"W—" He started.

"Thank—" She was ready to cut him off.

"...Heh. So that's how it's going to be, then?"

"Yup. That's how it's going to be. And thank you!"

Blue eyes gazed into blue eyes, and they shared a laugh together.

"Not that this isn't adorable," a voice interrupted, and Jaune almost dropped Sundancer in surprise, having forgotten about the flying hero, "because it totally is and I'm squeeing my heart out on the inside, but I would like to remind you that she still needs proper medical attention, and there's this minor annoyance in the area called Leviathan. Remember him? We need to go."

"Right. Crap. Where's that monster run to?"

She pointed behind him. Jaune and Sundancer craned their necks to look.

Far down the street, deep within the curtains of rain, two shapes were locked in combat, Leviathan was a silhouette in the dark visible only when it moved, while the smaller figure appeared faintly blue. As they carried on their battle, Jaune was able to pick out further details, putting name to costume.

"Armsmaster is beating it back, so we have an opening—" The flier flinched as she saw the expression stealing across his face.

"And why, oh why, would he be in a position to do that, I wonder," said Jaune, with chilly politeness. A twitch had developed at the corner of his mouth and it was taking quite the effort to suppress the snarl. "Did you see what happened to us, perchance?"

Although, he can already make a few guesses as to the whats and the hows. And who.

The woman gulped. "Armsmaster, he… he threw a bomb, it's some kind of concussive blast that knocked everything over and blew out the windows." Seeing his face become thunderous as she spoke, the flying blonde continued in a rush. "But he must have had a reason to do it. This is Armsmaster we're talking about, and he wouldn't ever break the Truce! He probably spotted Leviathan pulling a trick or about to attack you, and he didn't have time to use anything else? Or- or he just misaimed when trying to help finish it off?"

So she says. Did he buy it? Hell no!

He didn't know which he wanted to kill more at the moment, the mass-murdering beast or the backstabbing beast. One was impersonal in its animosity, seeking to murderize everyone in the city, of which he and Sundancer were just a couple of nameless nobodies to be included. The other carried out a deliberate maiming—scratch that, an outright murder attempt!—of his friend, and made him break his promise. Sundancer had counted on him to keep her safe. Because of Armsmaster, look where that miserable idea went. He almost lost her!

The needle, already weighted, ticked decisively over to one side when the voice of Armsmaster drifted to their ears.

"For the terror and destruction you've inflicted on the people of this world, I, Armsmaster, will send you to your grave! Today, you die by my hands, Leviathan!"

Borne on speakers that amplified each word as if to let the entire world hear, the proclamation surely struck awe into the hearts of heroes and villains alike. Deep, rich, and strong, his was the type of voice that one expected from a true superhero, and projected utmost certainty. None who heard those words would doubt his claim. It sounded larger than life. It sounded like judgment passed down from a king.

To Jaune, neither hero nor villain but a victim of the man's actions, those words rang with a different connotation.

I will become legend. I will become greater than Legend.

The arrogance to believe that his ability can surpass that of a thousand laser beams. The blindness to think he can match the might of a burning sun. As the man continued speaking—mocking Leviathan, extolling the inevitability of its defeat, and boasting of his surefire victory—anger flared on Jaune's face.

Did he and Sundancer get stonewalled so Armsmaster can enjoy this opportunity? Earlier at the intersection, seeing an upstart villain ready to deal what could well be the crucial blow on a time-locked Leviathan must have sent him into such a tizzy; it's little wonder that he erupted on them in a rage. As for the bombs he strapped on the beast's frozen form, Jaune derided them as ineffective, but they had served their purpose in truth. Armsmaster wanted the honor of the first strike. Then, one more piece of explosive granted him a chance to steal the kill after so many have given their lives to whittle down the enemy.

Heroes and villains, dead for the sake of his moment in the spotlight. Sundancer's victory, snatched away at the finish. The masterstroke of a rousing speech, presenting his version of events to the world at large before the truth can spread...

Bravo, that chaser of glory, the monster without peer. Come tomorrow, there won't be a single person that does not know his name.

Maybe not in the manner he wanted, though. Jaune was going to put an early end to Armsmaster's dream, likely along with Armsmaster, in as loud a fashion as possible. He's gotten a bit of practice, only a day ago, in the proper way to handle this exact sort of psycho who would mow down allies with scant remorse. It's a habit he would not particularly mind developing.

Hehehe, turnabout was fairplay, he should take a page from the man's book and wait until Leviathan lay on the very edge of death's door to spring the trap.

"Jaune? It's starting to hurt again. Can I get some more of that medicine?"

Sundancer's request jolted him out of his half-formed plans to achieve payback and he set them aside to refocus on the injured girl, preparing a new stimpak on one hand in a now well-practiced motion. A flick sent the cap flying off. A twirl placed his fingers and palm in the correct position. He set the needle against her arm, and Sundancer squeezed her eyes shut as the syringe plunged into skin.

When finished, he disposed of the empty stimpak.

"Please don't attack him."

"Huh?"

Sundancer had reopened her eyes, and an insistent gaze bore into Jaune to let him know that he had been rather blatant in his designs. "The lives of so many people depend on Leviathan's defeat. We can't interfere with that."

"It was supposed to be you that won!" He protested, but she gave a small shake of her head.

"I'll be happy just seeing it gone. As for who gets credit…if I'm known for beating Leviathan, they'd ask me to keep hurting things. Maybe people, too, down the line. He's welcome to that fate. Please, Jaune, let it be."

Jaune didn't fancy that idea. Hated it, in fact. Notions of seeking glory and renown had been beaten out of him by Pyrrha during their training nights, the girl herself exemplifying the concept of putting duty before personal fame. For his troubles, he got shot up with a few dozen bullets; Pyrrha received the doozy that was an extra soul which may or may not destroy her own soul in time. Sundancer fared no better, nearly losing her life fighting for the sake of others. Armsmaster being rewarded for doing the complete opposite rankled him to no end.

"It's not fair. You know that, right?" Seeing Sundancer remain adamant, Jaune huffed in defeat. "You are a terrible villain. As in, you're no good at it. At least tell me you'll set his pants on fire if he shows his smug face around us."

An exasperated roll of her eyes, and she said, "No promises. All I want now is a bed, and to move my arms and legs like normal again."

"And I'll get you to both, pronto!" The flier declared, then addressed Jaune. "Also, while I still think you're wrong about Armsmaster, I'm going to make sure people know of you two's contributions." Sundancer opened her mouth to object, but the blonde barreled on. "If you really mean to avoid notice, I can downplay your part, but even helping to kill an Endbringer should get you a good payout, so why don't you think about it?"

Sundancer did appear somewhat pensive upon hearing mention of a payment; Jaune took it as a win, and directed a grateful nod to the flying hero. That sentiment redoubled after she conjured a long, stretcher-like forcefield for him to lay Sundancer on. Recalling how he crashed through two of these after the bomb hit him, Jaune rapped his knuckles on the surface to test out the solidity.

"How strong is this thing? Can it support the both of us?"

The flier winced. "It's kinda brittle, so be gentle; my shields are the weakest in the family. I can carry little miss sunshine here, but you might have to stay, unless…" She turned towards the fighting, eyes scanning the sky above it, "Shielder! Shielder!"

The person she was calling out to, the younger brother presumably, failed to materialize, lost within the low visibility.

"Damn. If you wait, I can go look for him. His top speed is pretty slow, but he can save you the trouble of wading through water."

Jaune made his decision right there. "No need for that, please take Sundancer and go."

"What!? No!" Sundancer exclaimed.

"A bit of a walk isn't going to bother me when you need proper care. The sooner you get it, the happier I'd be," Jaune said, resolute. "I can find my own way out of here."

Sundancer looked like she wanted to argue, but the flier nodded in agreement and directed the forcefield to rise. Reluctantly, the girl settled down, though she shot him a glare.

"If you so much as catch a cold, I'll get really mad at you."

"I won't," he answered easily. "And I'm sor—no. What I mean is, thank you for going along with my recklessness all this while."

Dropping the glare, she giggled. "Is that what you'd call it? Well, I was glad to. I expected a lot of things heading into this fight, most of them bad." A blush. "Finding a friend wasn't one of them."

"Hehe, same here. We made a good team."

The healing supplies went onto the platform, set to one side. Looking at it, the four syringes that were left seemed woefully insufficient, so he bought one more pack of stimpaks just to be on the safe side, then addressed the flier.

"If the injuries flare up, inject one for her, alright? The potions shouldn't be needed, but if she loses blood, get her to drink some."

"Understood. By the way, did you make these things? And that teleporting doohickey, too."

"Oh, man. I don't even know where to begin to explain."

I'm an alien from another universe and my new scroll is a magical device, a genie's lamp that grants wishes at a cost. To pay for it, I came here to plunder valuable booty. Which, I guess, makes me a pirate. Arrr.

Let's not say that.

"I think I recognize them," Sundancer interjected. "One's based on the Fallout games, isn't it? As for the bottles… were they from the Harry Potter books? I remember in one of the chapters they used potions that can recover a person's blood levels."

Whatever explanation he could have given died on his lips. Unable to muster a sound in his shock, Jaune's mouth flapped open and shut, all kinds of confused. Games and books? These were supposed to be items from different worlds.

"Is it tinkertech?" She asked.

"…It is exactly that. We can talk about it later, when you're safe and healthy." And when he had worked out how to best reveal his story, because simply telling the full, unvarnished truth right off the bat was not a winning premise to convince people of his sanity, doubly so when he's summoning make-believe things.

The forcefield floated higher than him now, and Sundancer craned her neck to peer down through the translucent material.

"You had better be okay when I see you again!" She called out.

Jaune waved to show that he heard, and watched the two of them ascend. Soon enough, they rose above the height of the buildings. The flying blonde checked on her passenger and, once satisfied she wouldn't fall off, zoomed through the sky with Sundancer in tow.

After she dropped out of sight, Jaune hung his head and allowed himself to groan. He had put on a blasé attitude in front of Sundancer, but slogging across a flooded city was going to suck no matter which way he cut it.

"Alright, no point standing around."

The fight was a bust. The search for items to sell, ditto barring a measly 100-Point knife. Still, he can look forward to a warm bed and, perhaps, a hot meal before deciding where to go from here. There's a new clue to investigate, the 'tinkertech' that Sundancer mentioned. Were they objects he could buy? If yes… well, what do you know, he might see some money coming his way at a very opportune time so long as the flying hero did as she claimed.

Of course, that scenario depended on Leviathan dying or retreating. Curious to know the result, he put following Sundancer on hold to detour down the street. Eyes peeled for danger moving near him, Jaune skulked along the side of the buildings, ready to duck inside at the first sign of a giant water monster. Here and there, he identified the shapes of people behind cover or flying in the air, including the boy referred to as Shielder high up and Skitter hunkered down next to a car. They were all facing the same direction, and he joined them to observe how the battle was faring.

It yet continued.

On a long stretch of the road, a one-on-one duel raged on, ringed by a smattering of heroes and villains who stayed far back from the melee.

Seething animosity aside, Jaune admitted that Armsmaster at least displayed the skill to back up his position as a superhero. Alone, he was fighting toe to toe with Leviathan in close quarters, a prospect that caused Jaune to blanch; he barely survived his own encounter, this guy made it look easy.

The blue armored figure moved and attacked as a whirlwind, and he somehow dual-wielded—what was with total bastards that Jaune hated and dual-wielding? That's two for two—long halberds with the technique of a top class Huntsman; one was a high-tech marvel of engineering, the other a simple steel pole topped by a blade bearing a strange blurring effect. Together, those weapons seemed capable of anything, from vaporizing the afterimages Leviathan summoned with a purple flame, to freezing a wave in time, to leaving deep gouges on its form.

A low cut that tore into one of the massive legs transitioned to a dodge as the monster retaliated with a tail swipe, whereupon Armsmaster employed Leviathan's knee as a springboard to leap high and carve a line on its chest.

A matador twirl that outperformed Jaune's best attempt created an opening for him to score a long furrow on its side, with one of Leviathan's full-body afterimage neatly evaded through the use of a grappling hook that sprang from the head of a halberd.

Whatever Leviathan tried, Armsmaster had an answer. No matter how it struggled, he never relented on the offensive.

But…the decisive victory this hero craved, it remained ever out of reach.

Jaune would even say that it was slipping out of the man's fingers, his gradually-widening and horrified eyes spotting the many ways that Leviathan, bleeding from multiple new (and sizable) wounds, was improving with each passing second.

He's wrong, right? He has to be wrong.

Yet, when exhausted limps now moved in crisp motions, when a tail that should have been cut to the bone rendered a concrete wall into a fine dust, when waist-height waves stopped being waist-height and expanded to be ten feet high? The reality became impossible to deny. Leviathan was fighting better. Much better.

And it just so happened to occur after Sundancer had been taken far, far away.

Oh dear. The thing played possum, didn't it?

By the look on his face, Armsmaster arrived at the same conclusion. The quips and declarations, the pageantry he hammed up, ceased in lieu of a hard-set grimace. Actions grew, if not frantic, then rushed.

The grappling hook relocated him at the base of the tail, and the man worked his arms in a frenzy to hack at Leviathan. Shallow chips and pieces rained off the beast. The tail rose, he fired the hook. Landing front and center, he stabbed upward once then spun to avoid a set of water claws, rushing in right after to press his assault. He committed, and the battle shifted to a static contest of attrition, with him relying on his training to evade rather than the various gadgets.

Trying to match it on physical attributes? That's a dumb move, Jaune judged. Meaning it's a trap. If it were him pulling that stunt, he'd be doing it to—

A wave swelled behind Leviathan, wide and curved to aim inward.

Aha. A big, telegraphed finisher has been baited.

The wave slammed through Leviathan, wrapping on either side and closing in a pincer move to cut off the routes of retreat for Armsmaster.

Who, simply, touched a button. The high-tech halberd launched its grappling hook straight at the wave, and locked it in a temporal effect identical to the power of Clockblocker, snaring the arms and legs in the process.

Loathing the man as he did, Jaune still found himself leaning forward, watching in rapt attention for what will surely follow. The deciding blow.

Armsmaster took two steps, then leapt. The bound wave became his footholds, letting him ascend to the top of Leviathan. One leg on a shoulder, the other on its head, he brandished the remaining halberd high.

"The end, monster."

He granted his foe a last derisive sneer before driving the weapon into Leviathan's neck, the blade sinking deep like a knife through butter.

Then, like a knife through flesh.

And finally, like a knife through stone. The triumphant gleam Armsmaster had revealed in anticipation of victory vanished from his face. In its place, an expression of utmost disbelief.

"H-how? My nanothorn can cut anything!"

That one moment of distraction would cost him.

The temporal effect collapsed. The wave crashed onto the street in a massive boom. Leviathan's arm, now freed, shot up in a blur, sharp claws slamming shut to trap the blue suit of armor in a tight grip.

Leviathan pulled its prey, halberd and all, off its shoulder and lowered him until they were face to face. Not surrendering, Armsmaster swung his weapon, attempting to slice at the arm holding him. The long pole worked against his purpose, unable to catch the correct angle. Still, ever tenacious, the man continued his struggle.

The hand began to squeeze.

At first, it elicited a mere grunt, discomfort endured as Armsmaster focused on breaking free of the grip. That did not last long. Leviathan increased the pressure. The expression of grim determination dissolved into a rictus of agony as the armor pieces grinded together, servos whining in protest. A spark ran along one arm and the halberd, the last hope of Armsmaster to escape, slipped from his fingers. It hit the water with a splash.

And that was that. Caught in the clutches of the monster, bereft of his beloved weapon, Armsmaster faced his doom.

Jaune knew he should feel something. Sadness for a life ending, perhaps, or respect for a fellow warrior. If not, since he held little sympathy and zero admiration for the man, then at least let there be a bout of tenderhearted understanding upon witnessing such an awful way to go. After all, members of the same species, by nature, tend to experience an aversion to seeing a similar creature get hurt.

This sensation of bubbling glee was probably not the correct emotion. A definite no, in fact. But, dammit, the guy stole Sundancer's victory and then he fumbled it!

Sort of like how he dropped that halberd, really.

Jaune was going to feel so ashamed for that thought later, maybe, but right now? Pure catharsis. Absolute zen. He was of half a mind to just leave the man there and walk off into the sunset. Or, well, the gray patch of sky where a sunset should be.

Someone else showed a different reaction.

Skitter, the bug controller, scrambled out of hiding to head towards the towering beast and the trapped hero. Her hands plunged into the frigid water, and came out hefting the halberd in an amateurish grip. She winded the weapon back in (poor) imitation of how Armsmaster did it, losing her balance as she failed to account for the heavy weight at the top, and brought it down on Leviathan's arm. She almost missed, and the best she managed to accomplish was clipping it on the skin.

Undeterred, or unaware of her atrocious form, she tried again. This time the blade struck true, if superficial. The rain-soaked pole also promptly slid out of her grasp to fall on a collision course with her skull. Jaune would have slapped a hand over his eyes in exasperation at this travesty of martial skill, if he wasn't busy catching the weapon before the razor-sharp head of it brained the fool.

His slash, although not masterful by any means, accommodated basic principles of weapon handling. The halberd cut into the wrist and sheared about two inches past the skin. Leviathan gave no indication it had noticed.

Very well, have at thee.

Jaune proceeded to rain down blow after blow upon Leviathan, striving to sever the limb holding Armsmaster. Clouds of bugs, heaving under the weight of water, alighted on the monster to bite and sting. Another person, armed with a sword-like drill, drove it home below the base of the tail and activated the spinning function. In a surreal development, giant stuffed animals made their appearance, a trio marching abreast. They slammed into Leviathan's sides, the adorable creatures trying to wrestle it to the ground. More figures darted in to strike with blades and fists, or stayed further back and peppered the head with lasers and bullets.

A low, keening wail escaped through the gritted teeth of Armsmaster as the crushing force passed the threshold he could tolerate. It signaled a dwindling time limit for the would-be rescuers, and they ignored the protests of their tired limbs to eke out every bit of effort. Jaune swung with reckless abandon, by this point having carved the forearm down to half its thickness—strangely, no further. The insects poured into the injuries that crisscrossed the beast, attacking from the inside; the amount of bee venom used could have killed a whale. The sword-drill reduced itself to a dulled, smoking ruin. The ground shook with the strength exerted by the stuffed animals punching and kicking.

To no avail.

Dawning horror flashed across Armsmaster's face before—*crack!*—it slackened to blankness.

And that was that. The end, for true this time.

Armsmaster deceased, CC-7.​

Why was only his armband working?

Jaune shunted the question to the back of his mind, because he had a bigger problem looming over his head. Namely, Leviathan looking down at the buffet clustered around its legs.

Jaune tried stabbing it with the halberd one more time. It didn't do jack.

Leviathan lifted both arms, and that did something. A rumble passed under the street. Cracks formed as the noise grew louder. With a bang, a huge concrete pipe broke the road surface. From it, water spewed forth to construct a wave half again the usual size.

"Where the heck did that come from?" Jaune blurted, unable to fathom a giant water hose just popping up out of nowhere.

"It's the storm sewers," someone whispered, voice tinged by horrified realization.

Well, now he knew, and they do say knowing was half the battle.

Jaune sure wished someone would tell him the other half, too, because he's racking his brain and coming up with a whole lot of nothing to counter this. Well, that's not right. There's one.

In a calm, steady voice that surprised even him, Jaune said, "Can anyone here make a barrier to withstand that?"

Yup, that was his last ditch plan. Asking for a miracle.

"H-here."

Huh. What do you know?

"GATHER UP!" He shouted, leaping to land next to the blond boy—Shielder, the older sibling had called him.

Not all of them made it in before the shields went up and the wave hit. He could only hope those guys survived. It stopped mattering a second later, though, because Leviathan lashed out with its tail. The barrier shattered under the blow and those within were swept away to join the rest.

For half a minute or so, water became his world. Hands clamped over mouth and nose, Jaune held on to the one shallow breath he managed to catch as he was thrown against the ground, the cars, the building, and other people. Attempts to grab on inevitably resulted in the water prying his fingers from the handholds. The current was too strong to resist for long. His Aura flickered time and time again as it endured the barrage of impacts. That didn't worry him overmuch; he had Aura for days. What scared him was the possibility of drowning, it posing as one of the few real dangers to Huntsmen. Aura or no, people needed to breathe.

The water ebbed just as his lungs burned for air. The first breath he took ended with a relieved sob.

Rising on shaky legs, he searched for Leviathan, expecting an imminent attack. It was gone. For good? No, that was a vain hope. It had, in all likelihood, exited the stage to go and wreak havoc elsewhere in the city.

In its wake, a stillness but for the rain, and bodies in the water.

Then, movement.

A stirring here. A power effect there. Not everyone had passed.

Stuffed animals, waterlogged, returned to their feet and hurried around to check for survivors. Jaune joined them in the task.

The sword-drill thing was impaled in a wall; they couldn't find the owner. A yellow-suited woman needed to be extricated from under a car. He awoke a high-tech power armor by poking it, though the person inside skated off on their waterski system instead of helping. That wasn't the last hero or villain to bail.

Jaune came across Shielder crawling out of a muck-filled collapsed portion of the road, and helped to pull the boy free. As he was making sure the guy could stand on his own, a squishy-soft paw tapped his shoulder. It was one of the stuffed animals, and the lion pointed with the other arm to its brethren, a pig waving for their attention from further down. It stood over a dark shape, which on closer inspection was revealed to be Skitter. Her visible injuries were… extensive, to put it mildly.

"P-please…Please help me…" Her voice was a weak murmur. The gash on her neck caused a watery gurgle with each breath she took, and a whistling pitch to her words. "I don't want to die… please…"

She wore a dark, scary costume and a creepy bug helmet, and displayed an off-putting mannerism to boot. His encounter with her left him a sneaking suspicion that she was some insectile creature. A thing unlike a person.

But that plaintive cry beneath the mask, it sounded all too human. Before he knew it, the scroll was already out of his pocket and opened to the Marketplace. Any regrets of losing precious Points turned moot as familiar packages materialized from thin air, and he administered the same mix of stimpaks and Blood-Replenishing Potions that had saved Sundancer's life.

Things went different, here. The neck injury healed, as did the other ones Jaune can see, but her breathing persisted as rasps and wheezes. The voice begging for help steadily grew smaller. Lifting the mask exposed a flowing nosebleed. No amount of otherworld medicine had staunched it.

Jaune and Shielder shared a glance, neither wanting to pin a diagnosis on the girl. The terms 'internal trauma' played through their minds.

"Can you evac her?" Jaune asked Shielder.

The boy didn't respond, the sight of him said it all. Wan and staggering, he stood upright by clinging on to a stuffed animal, and that was after receiving a stimpak injection himself to mitigate the hardest wounds. The sister mentioned that his ability to fly lacked speed at the best of times. These were not the best of times.

Armbands? Fried. Medicine? Futile. Transport? Grounded.

"… help…please…" Delirious, and likely unaware of the situation around her, Skitter continued to beg.

"I…"

Can't, Jaune hated to say.

A person on death's door. Another capable of flight. And him.

All the elements as before. More of the same. Only, it got worse.

What a hell he has walked into. What a fucked up world. It felt as if this place wanted him to break.

Kneeling down in the water, he took the dying girl's hand. It was the last thing he knew to do, a lesson learned in Beacon when he asked of his professor a certain question. What to do for the people they cannot save.

Offer kind words in their last moments, was the answer.

"You—"

Have done well? Can rest now? Their youth made it worse; her and Shielder both. They were younger than him. Younger than Ruby, even. This shouldn't have been a battle they fought or the place her life ended, and coming up with something to say that would make it okay proved an impossible challenge.

The kid was crying now, tears and snot mixing with raindrops as she came to understand why a person would be there to hold her hand but not save her. And to that scared girl for whom nothing else can be done, who had nothing in her future, with nothing left, he mustered the strength to try again. She deserved kindness, at least.

But as he aligned the weak, meaningless sentiments together in his mind, lips ready to shape the words he'd say out loud, a memory stirred.

There once was an injured boy, way back when. His soon-to-be partner healed him with but a chant and an indomitable will.

It's a different universe, but perhaps even here one might find the inextinguishable soul yearning to awaken.

"I am going to try… something." The declaration began slow and unsure, picking up momentum as he warmed to the idea. "Something I've no idea will pan out or not, mind you, but since I've just discovered that I possessed a startling lack of talent in comforting last words, it's worth a shot. If you disagree, save it for afterward." Despite the condition he was in, Shielder managed a snicker at that. It attracted Jaune's notice. "Know what? You get over here, too. Pyrrha never mentioned there being a limit on this."

She never told him the particulars of this procedure, either, so he'd have to proceed based on the feel of his own experience. Which was fine. That's how the best chefs do it.

For the first step, he remembered her putting a hand on his cheek. Skitter's face was a mess of cuts and bruises, but he found a spot at the base of her jaw that he can touch without inflicting pain. His other hand reached out to Shielder. A slight misjudgment of distance led to him slapping the hero on the mouth. Deeming it workable, he shrugged and moved on.

Pyrrha had glowed on that day in the forest. He had learned what that meant after the fact; she was drawing on her Aura. Hers then were a red hue, his here shined with a white light. It lit up the immediate area, shining as a beacon.

Lastly, Pyrrha somehow also made him glowy. That was the crucial part he's having trouble grasping. As he understood it, she had Aura while he did not. Then, she had less Aura while he had some. Logic follows that she shoved her Aura over to his side. Was it a simple matter of doing, or had the poem she chanted jumpstart the process? He's undecided.

Nothing was stopping him from using both.

His eyes closed shut, looking inward to hunt for that elusive well of energy called Aura. Its instinctive protection was dead easy to trigger, but conscious manipulation required a delicate touch, a person in tune with their inner self. Or, you can just really, really, really want to. So went the Ren/Nora lecture on Aura control, and he's opting for the explanation given by the latter at the moment. In a turn of events that would make Ren despair, Jaune did manage to tease out a spark, and willed it forward.

The mote of Aura did not split, yet it still ran down the two different paths, one leading to Skitter, the other to Shielder. A puzzling conundrum.

The Aura settled in his palms, and he experienced the odd feeling of it bouncing off a wall. Jaune compelled the energy to break past this obstacle.

Alright, now, how did the unlocking chant go? Ah, yes. With great solemnity, he thus spoke.

"For it is in passing that we achieve immorality."

Damn. He messed up on the wording. No matter, press on!

"Through this, we become a something something of glory to rise to the top."

It's close enough! He brought his Aura to bear, sending it along to the two teens.

"Infinity in distance and…and beyond when dead? *whisper* whatever, I'll just use more Aura to compensate *whisper* I release your soul, and by my shoulder, protect ye."

Boom! And that's the gist of it. He managed to hit the broad strokes, by his reckoning. Jaune opened his eyes and, to prove his point, saw the telltale radiance of Aura not his own.

Shielder looked down at himself in wonder, amazed by the shield his powers had not conjured yet still safeguarding his form. Going into this ritual, Jaune expected to see blue, white, or maybe gold for the blond hair. The kid's Aura was actually orange. Surprising, but the boy in question seemed less concerned about it, reveling in his recovering energy as he took a little hop and was able to float inches atop the water, albeit with a tired and shaky bobble to his flight.

As for Skitter… Jaune whooped in delight, for the girl's breathing had evened out, expression smoothing into serenity instead of the earlier agonized torment. Her Aura appeared as the muddy brown of earth, a new hue Jaune has yet to witness. Teenage Huntress magazine (which somebody dropped in the library and he and Ren definitely did not read cover to cover, only skimming the pages when the wind turned them) claimed that the colors signified the defining character trait of a person. What did Skitter's symbolize? The article devoted most of the pages to how red meant passion and pink was a sign of an ardent heart, and they sort of neglected to include shades of brown, beige, gray, and other less exciting colors.

Whatever. The important thing was that he succeeded in unlocking a person's Aura. Proof of concept was viable, and when he meets back up with Sundancer, he'll activate hers without delay. Dammit, if he had thought of it before…no, that was hindsight talking. It's no use dwelling on the 'could have beens'.

A groan drew him out of his thoughts. It came from Skitter. Jaune, Shielder, and the stuffed animals leaned over as a group to look at the girl waking up. Her eyes fluttered open to peer up at Jaune. They widened in horror.

"Pana—!" A cry of utmost fear, cut short as her vision cleared. "No, wait, you're not her…are you— *cough, cough!* —are you with New Wave?"

"You know, that's the second time someone asked me that today," Jaune said. "Glad to see you're awake. How do you feel?"

"Uhhh. Good. But bad. But good? Am I on drugs?"

Shielder chimed in. "Ditto. What was that?"

Before Jaune could answer, Skitter made a strange, spasming motion.

"I-I can't get up!"

Jaune winced. "Ooh, not good. That probably means something's still wonky, then. Aura does a lot, but there are issues it can't fix."

"Aura?"

"The manifestation of your soul. It empowers you. Heals you. And gives you a Semblance." Catching the question about to be asked by the two, he preempted them. "A Semblance is like a superpower."

Simultaneously, Skitter and Shielder shouted, latching on to the last point.

"I have a second power!?" / "You can grant powers!?"

They were completely floored by his statement. Meaning, what he did might not be a common occurrence. Jaune deflected at speed.

"I live out in the sticks. It's a thing there. For realsies."

Just a simple farmboy, nothing to see here. They seemed disbelieving of his lie.

"Look, there is a time and place for a discussion about my abilities. It's not in the middle of a typhoon with a roaming Leviathan added to the mix." Skitter and Shielder shivered at the mention of the monster's name. Jaune pointed at the former. "You need medical attention, and quickly."

The girl, who was all kinds of messed up on the inside, actually hesitated, saying, "But, if Leviathan is still in the city, then we can't stand by and do nothing! I have to fight it!"

She's nuts. Jaune very carefully did not say that.

Taking on a gentler tone, he urged her, "Leave it for others to worry about. You've done your part. More than your part. What's left for you is to rest and recuperate."

"But—!"

"And if that's not enough for you, then I'd add a reminder that you literally cannot stand up to anything at the moment. No matter what, they'll have to put you on a hospital bed. Make it easy on yourself and go with it." Jaune gave himself a mental pat on the back as the girl deflated. Seriously, she's nuts!

"I'm starting to think you are with New Wave," Shielder interrupted. "You sound like mom and dad."

"Is he really not? It's just—"

"Nope." The boy addressed the girl. "Never met him before in my life, but I get what you mean. No mask, Panacea colors, can heal and form a personal forcefield on his skin. He even has blond hair like us. The similarities are uncanny."

The siblings were part of New Wave. He had suspected, what with the unmasked faces.

"It's a total coincidence," Jaune dismissed with a wave of his hand. "I can't shoot lasers like your sister can."

Shielder perked up. "Wait, have you seen my sister? Do you know where she is?"

"Yeah? She should be with Panacea right now, along with a friend of mine," Jaune answered, and noticed the other boy fidgeting. "What's up?"

"Um. I think- that is, since I'm hurt, too, and you said we shouldn't fight, I want to go to her!" After blurting that out in a rush, he flushed red and hung his head as if he expected a reprimand. Jaune rolled his eyes. After what the kid's been through, making up an excuse to avoid Leviathan and wanting to run to the safety of his family were the normal things to come out of a person's mouth. He'd have questioned Shielder's mental state if he insisted on fighting. Like someone.

"Good idea. Take Skitter with you."

Shielder nodded, grateful. Skitter, far more grudging, looked like she would argue. A flat stare conveyed his message. She backed down, sulking.

Jaune added. "Do me a favor, though. Check up on my friend for me once you're there. See if she's alright. She goes by Sundancer."

"No problem, I'll do that first thing after I drop Skitter with Panacea. But what will you be doing?"

"I'm headed that way on foot." He crossed his arms in an 'X' when they suggested traveling as a group, "Do you have the energy to carry two people? No? Fly ahead, then, and get yourselves seen to. Remember, make sure Sundancer is being looked after. Tell her I'll be by in a bit."

And, oh boy, was he going to be in trouble with her for jumping into a second fight with Leviathan the moment she turned her back. Whoops.

A concord reached, they proceeded with moving Skitter. Worried of aggravating the unseen injuries, Jaune directed Shielder to whip up a forcefield and press it flat to the ground under the water, after which they shifted her a little at a time to get her on. Once there, the platform lifted in a slow, labored ascent. Shielder drifted beside it, lingering exhaustion shown by his erratic flight path.

"Think you can do this?" Jaune asked, concerned. The younger boy answered with a weak thumbs-up.

"I'll make it. Somehow." He turned to go, but hesitated and spun back around. "Okay, I have to ask. Those things you were saying when you gave us our 'aura', what did they mean? Because I didn't understand most of it."

Jaune hid his panic, pasting on his best 'enigmatic smile' a la Ozpin. "That is natural. I touched on many profound subjects in that speech, and it would take you a lifetime to comprehend its truths."

When he returns to Remnant, he's making Pyrrha write the damn words down for him to memorize. Unlocking someone's Aura should not be this embarrassing.

"That doesn't—"

"Oh, get out of here already! There's a girl hurt; be her hero and take her to the medics!" Waving his hands, he shooed them off.

Fortunately, the probing questions ceased, and he was able to split from Skitter and Shielder without further ado. After bidding farewell to the stuffed animals heading for their own destination, Jaune waded over the sidewalks in the direction he recalled the elder sister—Laserdream, Shielder had told him—flying towards prior to the recent debacle.

Along the way, he caught sight of glints in the water, thinking nothing much of it at first. Barely a block down, his pace slowed, then paused altogether. A closer inspection revealed the shapes submerged below the surface.

Oh. This was what the scroll meant by 'loot'. There sure were a lot, exactly as advertised.

-o-​

Jaune was making good time, for all that he clanked with every step. The landmarks guided him down familiar roads to put him on a long straightaway leading to his destination. It won't be much further—twenty minutes slogging through water at the most—until he arrives at the portal.

Not to the field hospital, though that remained his ultimate goal. He just had to take a small detour first in order to offload the pile of 'loot' that filled his arms.

A more honest description would be 'dead people's belongings'.

In normal, non-apocalyptic scenarios, he would hold no truck with such a distasteful thing as graverobbing. In a city besieged by Leviathan, and behind that the ever-looming threat of Vale and Beacon falling to the Grimm, he can learn to compromise. Battlefield acquisitions, let's call it, and it paved the foundation for the idea bouncing around in his head.

Weapons, armors, and gadgets. A knife composed from blood, a halberd that can cut things well, a laser gun, a pair of electrified gauntlets, a hardy prismatic cloak, a device that projected illusory disguises, and many other treasures of note; the cannonblade he admired counted among them. Apart, the majority of the items were nothing to rave over. Put together, they added up to ten thousand and some hundreds of Points by his mental calculations. Points aplenty to trade for an item or [Skill] of decent value, which he can use to slap Leviathan out of Brockton Bay or knock it down for good, depending.

If this world alone cannot beat the monster—risking Sundancer's life and limbs notwithstanding—then the simple solution afforded him was to go outside of it and bring back fantastical powers to even things up. And in the event Sundancer does return to the battle as their silver bullet, he'd want to provide her with better defenses and recovery options than the slapdash measures he was currently running with. Stimpaks and blood infusions did not a healer make.

The trek became easier as he moved out of the city center. The area they fought Leviathan in had transformed into a devastated wasteland of broken buildings, sinkholes, and thigh-deep water to waylay him. After cutting a parallel line to the coast for about ten minutes, he was navigating inland through neighborhoods that had suffered only minor damage from the shin-high flood and heavy rain. It alleviated the strain on his flagging strength, allowing him to maintain a steady pace.

Purity down, BW-8. Shadow Stalker down, BW-8.​

Blinking in surprise, Jaune looked for signs of an armband. The search didn't take long. A group of them floated towards him, six or seven strips of cloth borne on the water surface and pulled by the currents. There were no bodies littering the road; the owners of these devices must have fled. The synthetic voice of a woman blared from each armband, and they merged together to resound across the avenue.

Evacuation Notice for BW-8. Repeat, evacuate BW-8 immediately.​

The lack of tall buildings in this neighborhood granted him a stellar view as a number of high-rises began to collapse, accompanied by creaks and groans and soon an almighty crash. He stood and gaped in horror.

Smoke, dust, they bloomed in a cloud shooting for the sky, tamped down by the rain. Once it cleared, an entire section of the city skyline was gone.

Alexandria deceased, BW-8.​

A lengthy silence ensued following the announcement, one without a single update on the casualties. Not long after, Jaune spotted colorful figures flying in the sky, tracing routes starting from the direction of the city center. They sped past him overhead on a course away from the city.

Unnerved, he leaned down and, carefully so as to not drop his harvest, hooked one of the armbands around his index finger. He resumed the trip while keeping his ears open for the next update.

Two blocks on and it hadn't made a peep. Instead, activities in his surroundings provided him a clue of the fallout. Pausing at intersections, he would catch the occasional glimpses of masked figures emerging from alleys and streets, running full-tilt for the horizon. Their undignified scamper spoke volumes.

The name Alexandria might mean nothing to him, but it was the name to break the final threads of morale. The battle was lost, or near enough.

Not everybody ran. It sounded a lot better than the reality. Villains—for surely these could never be the heroes, despite the heroic cut of some of their costumes—carried out excursions at times to enter places that intrigued them. Jewelry shops, most often. They would jauntily exit these buildings loaded down with valuables. Twice Jaune saw conflict occur among such opportunists. The first when one person stumbled upon another, and thought to relieve the latter of their burden. A second altercation was an argument between accomplices that devolved to a brawl after the division of spoils failed to suit all tastes.

People who an hour ago stood on the same line, how quickly they turned on each other.

He had beheld the heights of heroism in this universe. In his optimism, the actions of what he thought to be the few bad eggs were dismissed as aberrant. Now, block after block, he witnessed scenes of selfishness and greed, jackals descending on those weaker to enrich themselves. Jaune marched on, morose. In his mind, a mantra.

Sell, buy, save the day.

Sell, buy, save the day.

Sell, buy, save the day. He sang it to himself, a goal to focus on. And finally, but finally, his journey entered the home stretch.

The street he traveled upon opened up to a large, empty clearing hemmed in by four different roads with side avenues galore. At the far end, past one of the roads, lay a row of shops and homes. Taking a left up there to exit the clearing and he'd see the flickering neon sign of a convenience store. There's a looted electronics store visible from here. A couple buildings over, the mouth of an alleyway sat.

Jaune stepped out into the open space, and noticed that he wasn't alone.

A fair distance to his right, a young woman screeched to a stop, having entered from one of the other streets. Where he was located at a corner of the clearing, her position drew a direct line into the alley.

Rain plastered her dark blond hair to her back. On her face, a domino mask. The skintight outfit bestowed scant protection in this storm, water soaking into the purple-and-black fabric.

The costume was torn, here and there. She bore wounds, here and there. What bothered him was her wide-eyed stare.

She had startled after spotting him, and the mild surprise near instantly switched to a look of bewilderment as if she had never seen a human in her life. Unsure of what the problem was, then recalling his appearance—that here was a guy holding onto an armory's worth of weaponry—he wiggled the fingers on one hand to wave in a show of peaceful intent. Her expression changed not one iota.

He stared, she stared. They stood still in the rain.

Aaalrighty, then? Whatever's happening was clearly a her issue, and he had a task to complete, so he'll just carry on. Jaune turned his attention towards the alleyway.

She mirrored the motion.

Doing a double-take, Jaune whirled to face the girl. Had he imagined—no, she really was staring deep into the alley, a nondescript and uninteresting gap in the brick wall except for the portal to another universe sitting in total darkness at the end. Her head swung back and forth, bouncing from there to him then back, appearing more baffled if that was even possible. Occasionally, she would wince, face pinching with effort for reasons unknown.

He took a step towards the alley.

She did, too.

He inched a little further.

She copied him, this time maintaining eye contact all the while. Though, one eye was twitching.

He stared, she stared. Confusion abounds. What was going on?

Their odd stalemate broke at the sound of a dull roaring, like the rumbles of thunder or the hard rapping of knuckles on a door. They both spun around as one.

Distance was relative. Meaning, distance was a state of mind. Up until this moment, Jaune believed he had traveled far from the coast, an illusion cast by his arduous (yet slow) progress through submerged roads.

One look at the towering ice wall, and the spray of water shooting over the top, and in his mind the distance between him and the sea shrank down from 'safely out of harm's way' to 'major flood risks, do not enter'. He assuaged his unease by noting that the sound of waves impacting on ice reverberated across the entire length of the wall, concentrating on no particular point and thus diffused in strength. That reassurance lost some persuasiveness when the first crack appeared. It was near the far side of the barrier, however, so he reined in his panic even as water blasted a gaping hole there. He thanked his lucky stars when a second gap formed to dump water down on the area where he fought Leviathan, which he had vacated less than half an hour ago.

And then a last breach occurred. This one was a big one. It originated at the point closest to him.

Tidal waves incoming, multiple zones at risk. Evacuate red areas immediately.​

Jaune checked the map on the armband, still hooked on his finger. The entire thing was colored red.

Oh no, oh no, oh no. He ran.

Across the empty lot, Jaune blazed a trail, hardly thinking of where to put his feet only that it led him closer to the portal. Beneath him, a shaking. Behind him, a roaring. To tarry was to drown. He did not dare look back.

His right leg sank down in a hidden divot. He slammed his left hard against the ground to compensate, quickly regaining balance and form to race on. Heart thundering at the realization that a simple pothole could spell his doom, Jaune begged Lady Luck to stop dunking on him already and leave him be. Whether the prayer was heard or not, he couldn't tell, but his subsequent footfalls landed on even ground. Still, he knew better than to tempt the cruel bitch by celebrating.

A car rested ahead, necessitating avoidance. Rather than wasting precious seconds to circle around, he slid over the hood, pile of loot and all. Something dropped out, making a splash as it hit the water. He ignored the pang of regret to abandon the item. Considering there's more than ten thousand Points nestled in his arms, he can spare to lose one or two. The sound of the approaching tidal wave clinched the decision. It sounded a ways off, but the rising volume served as proof of the armband's warning. That tsunami was headed here.

Reaching the other side of the clearing in record time, Jaune proceeded to cross the road without delay, dodging debris floating by with near prescient intuition. He got to around the middle of the avenue, and it's there that the errant thought struck him.

Where was the other person? He chanced a look.

Whatever her superpower, physical prowess it was not, Luck, neither.

His running was running; he had zoomed over the land on speedy feet. Charged up with adrenaline, the weight he carried felt light as feathers. In contrast, hers was a stumbling jog, poor athleticism leading to her arms windmilling for balance whenever she slips, and it's often that she did. Some sort of injury was at play, as seen in the swaying gait and the head being held in hands. Her narrowed eyes struggled to see…something. She had barely traversed past the midpoint.

Jaune performed a quick eyeball calculation. She's too slow to make it. The wave was too fast, too near.

Somehow, someway, even though she had not turned her head to see for herself, the girl also figured out the truth. Her expression transformed into that of pure, stricken terror.

Then, suddenly, the fear drained from her face. Her pace lagged, soon coming to a complete stop altogether. With shoulders slumped, a sigh followed.

Wait, was she—?

A deep breath helped her to regain composure. Trembling hands clenched and unclenched until she moved them down to place on either hips. Her eyes caught his for a brief moment, before they closed.

She was.

Her expression said it best. Serene, but for the slight quaver to her lips. Acceptance, despite being afraid. She has grasped the foregone conclusion. Rather than wailing or cursing her unfair fate, she chose to let it be.

The wave rushed onward. This close, it deafened all other sounds. The land ahead of it quaked; walls and roofs crumbled as it arrived. In the churning, roiling motion that uprooted trees and swept buildings along in the water's wake, one could so easily ascribe a sentience to the boundless destruction, imagining that the tsunami held an unabating rage for all that laid in its path. Where it touched, nothing remained but ruins.

Before that… before the coming end, the girl raised her head to face the sky, and she showed the world a wide, toothy grin. Because, sometimes, you couldn't do anything else.

The wave rolled towards her, three city blocks off. Two blocks. One.

And Jaune was beside her, scooping the girl into his empty arms, running back the way he came.

He rushed through a field of strewn treasures. A red crystal knife shimmered as it laid sunken beneath the water. An unnaturally sharp halberd had embedded itself deep in the road. A beautiful cloak floated down the street. A device had malfunctioned from hitting the ground and now spat out holograms at random. The cannonblade that had so enamored him, he no longer paid it any mind.

A face stared up at him in blank astonishment, unable to fathom what he did. Honestly, neither could he.

He had a mission with the fate of Vale on the line. Another, of Brockton Bay. For their sake he must survive. To succeed, he should be prepared to do anything, even if it involves killing and stealing. He needed to harden his heart.

All the people of his home put on a scale against this one life. All the people of Brockton Bay against her. Either should have been obvious in their answer, no hard mathematics required. They mattered more.

The man who can understand that was the man these worlds called for, a true protagonist who's cold and logical, able to control the situation with his piercing intellect and create plans that ran several steps ahead of everyone else. Such a man always knew the optimal route to attain his goal. A hero, for whom the right choices came easy.

It's too bad then, that he could not be that man. Just a student, a trainee of a Huntsman, who too often mistook what was easy for what was right. Logic and him never really got on, and he lacked the fortitude to be heartless.

The means of victory, ten thousand Points and change. It was the purpose of his journey to this place, and so close to the finish line, he tossed it all to the wayside for the tidal wave to take, exchanged for the chance to save a stranger.

Because, sometimes, you couldn't do anything else. Because these little souls, they mattered.

The crashing waters chased his heels. The dark alley loomed ahead. He darted inside.

The portal, detecting his presence, flared to life. A hundred colors swirled on the brick wall to light up his path. Almost there, he was almost there.

A swift, savage force swept out his legs. The tidal wave had caught him first.

Jaune curled around the bundle in his arms, tucking her head into the center of his chest. He tried to draw a breath. The tsunami slammed against his back, knocking out the air in his lungs. The world plunged into darkness as water engulfed him on all sides.

Up was down, down was up. The current slammed him on the concrete, grabbed him and tossed him at a wall. He cracked his head on the bricks. Feeling himself pushed forward, afraid the person he held would take the impact, he kicked out with a leg. Ramrod straight, it struck a hard surface head on to send pain shooting up the entire length, bones rattling. An object borne by the wave—sharp, unnaturally so—sliced him on the hip to elicit a cry, a mistake as seawater tried to rush in. He forced himself to spit it out, his lungs screaming at him that he needed to breathe in something, anything. Stubbornly, and not wishing to die, he fought the instinct and pressed his mouth shut even as pain bloomed from within.

And then, with a myriad of colors filling his vision, he was out. Out of the water. Out of the universe. Emerging inside a gray room.

Halfway through, he felt a strain on his arms, like he was pulling a massive weight with him instead of a girl. The gateway he was stuck in shook and flickered ominously, until he wondered if it was going to throw him back to drown. To his great relief, the portal, accompanied by the sensation of a rubber band snapping, asserted itself and spat the both of them across the room.

He twisted to take the impact on his back, hit the wall with a boom to rattle the room, and crashed to the ground on his rear. Dizzy and nauseous, he inhaled great gulps of air. Panic spiked when he looked down and saw that the girl's eyes were closed. It was followed by relief at the sound of her breathing. She was unconscious, but alive.

He was alive, too, in a dry room with all the water blocked on the other side. Laughter bubbled up in his chest, released as he threw back his head and let out a shout of elation.

Elation became horror as the portal began to shrink. Letting the girl roll to the floor, Jaune scrambled to his feet.

"Nonono!" Rushing headlong to the swirling circle, he put out a hand to stop it from closing, to push through, to—

His hand crashed against an invisible barrier, fingers twisting painfully. He slammed a fist on the same spot, a useless gesture.

"I still need to go back! I'm not done yet! STOP!" He cried to no avail. The portal was no longer acting as a gate, but a window growing smaller with each passing second. From a circle that can fit four people marching abreast, to the size of his dorm's door, to a handspan gap just above the alley's waterline.

His last glimpse of that universe, of Worm, was the scene of a golden figure far in the distance floating in midair and the embodiment of nature's wrath, Leviathan, perched atop a high-rise. A beam shot from the figure to descend upon the beast. Following it, the first rays of sunlight, so like hers, broke through the clouds as the sky started to clear up, just as the portal winked out.

In utter silence, his shaking hands reached for the Company scroll. He opened the Jump Portal app just in time to see the textbox containing the details of the Instance disappear, leaving an empty page where a world should be.

So. That's the rule, is it? One time in. One time out. No second chance.

Jaune rocked on his heels, falling back to lay flat on the floor. He stared blankly at the white ceiling. Moisture swam in his eyes. There was so much left undone. He thought of his failures, of the many mistakes he committed, and the tears fell free.

But then, he thought about his successes. Events that would have unfolded differently had he not been there or people who might have died had he never met them. Things went wrong, yet things went right. On a face streaked with tears, a small smile formed.

Joy that he had gone, sorrow for what he had seen, regrets that he could not stay, he allowed the opposing feelings to dwell in his heart, crying and laughing as he recalled the scant few hours that felt like days. It was a hell of a time.

And after the tears have dried and the laughter has faded, he sat up once more, looking to where a portal had rested. There used to be a city there, just waiting on the other side. To it, he bade farewell.

Farewell to a world where superheroes die. Where they were vain, petty people ready to turn on each other, and the day was never won. A Grimmless land nevertheless filled with beasts of many stripes.

Farewell to a world where a villain fought for a city, and wished to never kill. Who took a chance on a stranger, and called him friend.

What a horrible world. If only he could go back again.

Jaune sighed.

Aah. Aaaah, it's such a shame. I was looking forward to dancing with her.

-o-​

In a quiet, gray room, a girl awoke from her slumber, eyelashes fluttering delicately. Sitting up, she beheld her savior, a device of some sort in his hand.

"Hey there, you. Feeling al–"

Her gaze flicked to the rest of the room, bouncing from wall to corner to window before settling back on him, eyes trailing up and down his form.

Such a pretty green, so went the thought in the boy's mind.

Then, those same green eyes proceeded to roll to the back of her head. She tipped backward and fell flat on the floor, unconscious.

Jaune stared, nonplussed. Was it something he said?

A shake of her arm, a tap on her cheek, he tried various ways to rouse her. A minute or two later saw her stirring. The first thing in her sight, was him.

"Are you o–"

Theeeere she goes again. Out like a light.

Is that her superpower? Fainting spells?

This could be a problem.

Universe: Worm (divergent). Location: Brockton Bay. Event: Leviathan.
Loot acquired: a narcoleptic girl
Instance Failed(?)​


Author's Notes: Jaune Arc accidently played the game right, embracing waifu over loot.

And that's the end of his first foray into Worm. Instances are meant to be short episodes, whereas Permanent Worlds will be the ones he can stick around for longer periods of time. It's too bad that he didn't know all the rules going in. And wasn't OP enough to hard-counter the grimdark. Hopefully he'll learn to pick a happier place on the next go.

Poor Narcolepsy Girl– I mean, Tattletale. She wakes up, sees the guy that makes no sense to her power, the device connected to every world, the room built by alien hands, the window view of what is clearly not her world, and her power of super observation goes haywire to result in the mental equivalent of a sledgehammer to the back of her head, thus knocking her out. Then she wakes up, sees the guy that…and so on, and so on.

For those who are unfamiliar with Worm, Lisa Wilborn aka Tattletale is the kind of innocent, demure, and supportive gal who will be ever so sweet to Jaune. Honest. Really, I'm not lying. Ask anyone who has read Worm, they'll tell you.

There's some good art of Sundancer and Tattletale by an artist called LinaLeeZ, if you would like a mental image.

As for that particular Worm AU, who knows how it'd go. Skitter with Aura and an extra superpower (and the ability to grant that to other people)? She'll probably use it as intended and not do anything drastic. Then again, she's nuts.

Sunrise. Sunset. Sunrise. Sunset. What follows a sunset?
Stories:
QQ Sneaking His Way into the Multiverse , a RWBY Jaune, WC-lite mechanics story.
Other RWBY stories on AO3 or FF - Yakuza Arc | Conquered Menagerie: Annals of the Sixth Kingdom | Cat, Bunny, and the Good Ship Honey Starbright | The Agent
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, RSR2000, Amdiranifani and 1,030 others
LazyAutumnMoon
Jun 7, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 7: The Fox and the Doggo, First Impressions
View content
LazyAutumnMoon
LazyAutumnMoon
We all need Sundancer in our life.
JoinedJun 7, 2024
Messages289
Likes received68,284
Jun 7, 2024
Add bookmark
#7
In a sparsely-furnished room with gray walls and a white ceiling, a girl laid on a bed. It's a simple thing; built for one, not all that soft, missing both pillow and blanket. Water soaked the section of the mattress beneath the girl, she herself drenched from a dip in a typhoon. Those sleeping conditions practically begged for her to develop hypothermia, but lacking a change of clothes or even a towel in this place, the other option would have been for her to be stripped nude. And Jaune, shivering in his own wet outfit as he knelt beside the bed, certainly wasn't going to be taking anyone's shirt off in these circumstances.

Bodysuit, in her case. He used to think Huntress fashion was distracting. It had nothing superheroine costumes—or perhaps supervillainess, he didn't get the chance to ask yet. The ridiculousness of wearing a skin-tight one piece to battle registered in full when it ceased being an artist's portrayal on comic book pages and became an actual thing a person does in front of him. What kind of defenses did the bodysuit offer? It wouldn't even protect this girl from the cold air let alone a bullet, being so thin. Way too thin, and there were tears in it.

With a sigh, he cut off that thought to preempt another bout of temptation. Gaze turned towards the ceiling, he counted the seconds in his head as he waited for the girl to regain consciousness, one hand drumming a beat on the mattress, the other extended to place over her face.

After the latest repeat of his guest's fainting act, Jaune had conceived of a brilliant idea. Her looking around seemed to be the trigger for incapacitation, what with the frantic eye motions followed by a groan of pain and a trip to la-la land. So, he simply blocked her vision—and patted himself on the back, because this was the kind of go-getter, problem solving mindset that would get him hired by a company after his Huntsman days were over.

It continued being a brilliant idea right up until the girl awoke for the umpteenth time.

"H—" The beginning of a word was all he managed before she erupted in a violent struggle while screeching like a banshee, the natural response for a person when they came to in total darkness with a warm fleshy thing gripping their face. He's pretty sure someone filmed a horror movie featuring a scene like that. Mistakes were made.

The girl succeeded in slapping his arm aside, at which point she stiffened up and, forgetting the fight altogether, played out a now familiar scene. Green eyes panned from one side of the room to the other, roamed over Jaune's features, then rolled in their sockets.

"Too much…too much…" she mumbled, and clocked out. Again.

Jaune scratched his head, puzzled on the best way to proceed. He had been on the right track. By the sound of it, the girl was undergoing some sort of sensory overload that rendered her mind unable to comprehend…well, anything. Unless she was amenable to living life blindfolded, the problem extended beyond his level of expertise in neuroscience (none).

It's lucky for her that he can turn to his handy-dandy stolen scroll for aid. Slowly but surely, he was coming around to the idea of leaning on the most versatile tool at his disposal. Although, it'd be great if his broke-ass can keep up with his spending habit. How much credit did he have?

Let's see, there's the 400 Points spent on [Blank] , then 75 to save S-Sundancer…

A shaky breath, a pang of regret and hurt. Clamping down on that mess of emotions in a very healthy manner, he continued adding up.

…75 on Skitter and Shielder, plus another 50 just now to get a stimpak that took care of this girl's wounds, which amounted to 600 Points in total, with 400 available until he hit the credit limit. Not encouraging, since his first Jump required a [Skill] that cost those same number of Points. For a brief moment, he entertained the idea of making a second Jump to bolster his budget while letting the girl stay like this.

That notion ended with a whimper slipping out from between her lips, some residual pain bleeding through to torment her even in unconsciousness. It decided his course, and Jaune walked over to the table on the other side of the room, picking up the scroll and opening it to the Marketplace.

The Medical section, in a surprising twist, provided few good options. Medicines relating to the mind were more geared towards restoring or unlocking higher clarity of awareness than dampening one's faculties, which made sense now that he thought about it. If asked, the average person would classify a drug that left them dumb as a poison, not a cure. In this case, though, a pill that expanded the perception of the person swallowing it would only exacerbate the problem, and may well kill the girl. Ditto for an item called [Insight] , aptly-named and on sale for cheap, except the description for it went further to suggest that she'd die screaming. He flipped away to a different page after reading that particular tidbit.

The first possibility remotely beneficial he found was a superpower. [Soothe Mind] , which can be summed up as an instant college degree in psychology, letting him heal mental stress and trauma. The downside was that the girl would have to stay in his proximity so he could apply the ability on a continuous basis. Can somebody say addiction?

Also, much like a college degree, paying for it was beyond his means. All in all, it's not the solution he's looking for, but it hinted in the right direction. The remedy should exist independently of him. An object, not a power. A thing of permanence, instead of a consumable needing replenishment. Something like—he paused mid-swipe as a gadget caught his eye.


Mind Suppressant Collar


Yes! This was it! Opening up the detailed view, he read on.


Stop their pesky free will. Best waifu is dumb waifu.
Shuts down independent thoughts and places the subject in a highly suggestible state… Did we say highly? We mean completely. She'll do anything. Anything.
Points Cost: 10


No. This wasn't it. Yet again, the many universes at large have succeeded in scaring the hell out of him.

That was not to say it didn't tempt him. The impulse, a momentary thing, stirred alongside a stolen glance at the girl on the bed. He noted she looked rather pretty past the domino mask; not Huntress gorgeous, but in Vale would be quite cute. That was his hint to retreat at speed from the page, paranoia leading him to move his finger with care lest he misclicks. Seeing the cheap price tag and knowing from his purchase of [Blank] that the device possessed a sort of intelligence, he couldn't help but wonder if it had laid a deliberate trap for him.

Perhaps this was how the process started. He would buy one of these on a whim, and enjoy the high that went with controlling someone powerful and attractive. The store would then ply him with more and better ways to achieve that same rush, priming him to make decisions that result in him dominating all within sight during his travels until, down the line, it's Jax Darkphenix staring back in the mirror.

The next item further fueled his suspicions, being limited in scope across the board while bearing identical prices, gently reminding him that he could gain so much value by going with the superior model.


Inhibitor Collar
Universe: DC
Ancient Americans once said, "Everyone is equal."
Modern Amanda Waller says, "Challenge accepted."
Crafted with mundane yet unexplainable science, this marvel of plot device engineering cuts off access to abilities from a wide variety of sources including metahumanism, magic, and alien biologies. Sleek, stylish, and trendy, each collar comes outfitted with an electric shock function, gratis.
Points Cost: 10


Having gotten used to living with Aura, the idea that someone else can shut it off at will alarmed him quite a bit, and the less said about the 'freebie' tacked on at the end, the better. The accompanying keyfob stopped him from dismissing it straightaway.

Control. He can leave it in her hands. A prison was only a prison until the inmates held the keys. Giving it a tentative maybe, he moved on to try and find a better option.

Ten minutes and two fainting cycles later, he circled back to the inhibitor collar, with it still the single thing on his list because a 'good side' equivalent of the device had not been forthcoming. Despite how useful it might sound to have around, a power nullification effect seemed to always feature as a punishment or an attack, never benign in purpose.


Inhibitor collar x1
Points Cost: 10
Points Balance: 0
Insufficient Points. Buy on Credit (Credit Available: 400 Points)?


The delivery box materialized to deposit a rectangular strip of metal and a keyfob in his hands. Testing it out, he pressed the biggest button on the controller and the strip unfurled into a curving band, clasping where the two ends meet. Another toggle returned it to the inert state. The next switch down was labeled 'Inhibitor', simple enough. The last button, marked by a lightning bolt, laid under a cover one must flip open, reassuring Jaune that the girl won't zap herself by accident.

Walking to the bed, Jaune lifted the girl's head with one hand, the other placing the device behind her neck. Smooth metal flowed over her skin to create a loop. Done, he took a step back to observe his handiwork.

It…it didn't look too bad. Hardly like a human rights abuse at all. A person might even mistake the thing for a choker at first glance. Yeah, he'll call it that from now on, and try not to think about the sketchier aspects.

He felt a touch better about the matter once he activated the power-inhibiting function and the girl gave this long, soft sigh that spoke of sweet relief. She seemed disinclined to wake up anytime soon, falling into a true sleep with a smile playing on her lips.

Sporting a smile of his own, Jaune left her to it. Tossing the keyfob and the scroll onto the table, he sat down against a wall to wait. The fatigue from his recent ordeals was catching up, and with no more troubles on the horizon, he allowed his eyes to close for a while.

-o-​

However long he drifted off for, he did not know. In his sleep, he dreamt of Beacon and home, of a city by the sea and a bright sun. Everything was jumbled up in one place, existing in a raucous harmony. The faces around him, all the people he knew, wore happy expressions. It was a beautiful dream that he could have forever lost himself in and when he awoke in an otherworld apartment, he almost shed a tear.

Blinking the moisture away, Jaune noticed movement in his vision. He peered through half-dozing eyes at a shape on the far side of the room. That purple color was reminiscent of something, but…

Ah. The girl he rescued. She's up, and no longer prone to incapacitation, looks like. A roaring success.

She was also fast coming closer to him, both hands wrapped around a shiny object. Crocea Mors, his mind supplied and Jaune chuckled under his breath. She's holding it all wrong. Her form sucked even worse than Skitter's did with the halberd.

It occurred to his sluggish awareness a little too late to ask the question of why she was carrying his sword. He got his answer when the girl, standing over him, raised Crocea Mors high with a grunt of effort. The last traces of sleep were banished as Jaune came to grips with the situation. Namely, that this appeared to be a murder attempt. The sword swung down.

"Holy—!" He shouted in panic and brought his hands up, slapping them together in a maneuver he had only ever seen Pyrrha accomplish outside of movies. On this occasion, he succeeded—like a boss!—and caught the blade in between his palms mere inches from it connecting with his head.

Boy and girl stared at each other.

"What. The fuck, lady!?"

She, in lieu of giving a response, released his sword and scrambled away. Reaching the shield half of Crocea Mors, she hid behind it.

Like, not even lifting the thing, she just propped up the shield and tucked herself into a ball in the most useless defensive stance in history. The eyes peeking at him over the edge were wide with terror, the absolute fear taking him aback to bleed off some of his ire. Only some, because holy damn she tried to kill him! It wouldn't have worked since he had Aura, but still, bloodthirsty much?

Holding up a hand in a warding gesture, he made to stand.

"Okay, listen, I—"

The girl did the opposite as he asked, immediately covering her ears. Unsupported, the shield flopped over. She stared at it for a bit before sighing.

"Just kill me," she murmured, arms dropping to her sides. "If I'm going to be Mastered, then I'd rather die first."

Kill? Mastered?

He opened his mouth. She beat him to it. "Really makes me wonder, though…why would you need all those abilities, Jax, unless getting a girl on your own was too tough~" A mocking sneer. "Performance issues, perhaps?"

Hearing that stupid name, the pieces of the puzzle clicked to form a picture of what happened during his nap. Jaune peered past her at the table, confirming that the scroll sat at a remove from where he left it.

He took a step, halting when she flinched. Slowly, maintaining eye contact throughout, Jaune gave the girl a wide berth as he made a circuit around her. Once next to the table, he picked up the scroll.

Yep. Status screen. Right at the section that listed out the many fantastical [Skills] of a dead man. Except, if you miss the line that declared him dead, you might mistake the device (and powers) as belonging to the sole other person in the vicinity.

"Look," he said to the girl. As should have been expected by now, she squeezed her eyes closed and covered her ears again, because following the orders of someone believed to be in possession of mind control abilities and bearing the intention of using it on you would be the heights of stupidity. Jaune palmed his face. "I'm not Jax. I'M. NOT. JAX."

The shout was heard. A wary eye cracked open, ready to slam shut at a moment's notice.

"He's gone. Check this part here." Jaune pointed under Jax's name, where it said 'State: Dead', inching closer to the girl one cautious step at a time so she could see. Curiosity got the best of her and she visibly resisted the urge to bolt away, instead leaning forward to read the screen.

"Oh."

Jaune smiled.

"Well, I knew that."

Jaune frowned. The girl endured the flat stare he leveled at her quite admirably, confident expression daring him to contradict her claim.

"It was… a test. Yes, a test." She glanced to the side to avoid his accusing eyes, before rallying. "A-and you took my powers away! What is that if not a 'I'm going to do terrible things to you, huhuhu' move? And you put a collar on me." Jaune winced.

"I would call it a choker."

She arched an eyebrow. "And I would call it a collar. A slave collar."

"Whoa, okay, let's not go that far. I assure you it was necessary for your own good." He paused to contemplate that line, which sounded suspiciously similar to the official SDC stance on faunus work conditions, and revised his words. "Your power was going haywire and I had to use the col– choker to shut it off. You can deactivate the effect at any time by toggling the keyfob over there, but—"

No longer listening, the girl ran for the table. One frantic search later, the control device was in her hands; she pressed on it while displaying a victorious smirk. Jaune simply sighed.

Three…Two…One. Cue the obvious routine.

Rolling his eyes, he walked over to the passed out girl, reaching down to enable the inhibitor again.

-o-​

In a sparsely-furnished room with gray walls and a white ceiling, a girl stood at the wide window, looking out over an alien sky. Nose pressed to the glass, she bore an agog expression. In the background, a boy droned on and on about a bunch of nonsense.

At least, that's what Jaune guessed her opinion was, because the girl who referred to herself as Tattletale was barely responding.

"Did you hear me?"

"Uh-huh."

"You're the one that asked for an explanation, remember?"

"Uh-huh."

"That planet up there is going to impact this one in a few hours."

Tattletale spun to him. "WHAT!?"

"I'm kid—"

She had already whirled back to the window, one hand clicking on the controller suppressing her superpower, the ability to infer and extrapolate data on a level that a detective could only dream of. Tattletale claimed she was the closest thing to a psychic in Brockton Bay—and at first tried to get him to buy that fib until he called her out with his own earlier deductions. With her power, she can as good as read a person's thoughts, and smell a deception from across the street. Without…well.

Jaune was happy to say that the sensory overload did not lead to a subsequent loss of consciousness this time, just a keening whine as Tattletale clutched her head. Improvements!

Although, had she looked at him or the scroll for any length of time, it would still knock her out for some reason. How odd.

After she reactivated the choker, he asked, "Were you really trying to check if the planet was going to hit us?"

"…No. Of course not."

"It was just a joke."

"And I knew that." She insisted in a bare-faced lie, clinging on to what shreds of her pride that remained.

Which was kind of pointless, since he had long concluded that this girl was hilarious. How else did she want him to think when, after being provided the answer to her woes, she continued to repeatedly shoot herself in the foot for the smallest of things, like switching on her power in an attempt to verify that his name was real.

"So, let me get this straight," Tattletale said, getting back to the matter at hand (and in no way changing the subject). "You have a phone—"

"Scroll."

"—phone that sells anything and everything, and can also open portals to different worlds."

"That's the gist of it."

"It sold you this collar that shuts off my power completely, and it can sell powers."

"Yup, except for the collar part. It's a choker."

"And you just happened to show up in Brockton Bay, fought Leviathan on a whim, then accidently took me to a different universe. Except, it's a one way trip so you can't put me back on Earth Bet."

"Not quite how I would put it, but yes." He would have (and did) recount the story twice as heroically. He arrived in Brockton Bay, as intended. Dueled Leviathan, for great justice! Absconded with the girl to a different world, to rescue her—minor complications notwithstanding.

"Bullshit!"

"Oh, come on! There's a literal planet in place of the moon, your superpower isn't working, and I showed you the Jump Portal app. I'm telling the truth. What don't you like about it?"

She cocked her hip, and smirked. "All it proves is that you want to keep me here. Tinkertech that allows extradimensional travel have existed for years and each one of those pieces of equipment weighs, like, a ton. Saying this itty bitty phone can do the same is laughable. It's a red herring, and the collar does nothing. You're using a Shaker effect to disorient me whenever I use my power, conditioning me like a dog to stop trying. It only works in a room this size, so you hid the exit to prevent me from leaving and learning the truth or finding the portal-tech that can send me back home. How close am I?"

"On a different world entirely, in every sense," Jaune retorted. "But alright. If you can rationalize the what, then tell me the why, because this is a lot of effort to go through to trick someone I pulled out of a tidal wave. Taking a swim in that for you wasn't exactly fun, and I could have looked elsewhere for a scam victim."

His words wiped off that smugness of hers, replacing it with a new expression he has yet to see on Tattletale. Unsure, lost, and far softer.

"Well, you obviously thought it was worth the risk…"

"Doesn't answer the why, you know~" Jaune crooned with no small amount of vindictiveness, ticked off by the barrage of accusations from what was a rather ungrateful person in his opinion. The thought occurred that he can prove his claim by connecting to an Instance and shoving her through for a few minutes to fight Leviathan 2.0 or something. If only he wasn't burdened with that pesky little problem called a conscience. Le sigh.

"I-I'm figuring that out now." She fidgeted under his deadpan stare. "You did it because, um…because I'm pretty?"

Jaune gagged. The sheer vanity on this one.

His reaction caused Tattletale to give an indignant squawk, one foot stomping petulantly. "Hey! What's that supposed to mean? I'm not wrong! We just can't all afford enhancements like you!"

"Enhancements?" Jaune furrowed his brows. "What enhancements?"

"Do you expect me to believe that face is natural?" Tattletale scoffed. "Perfect symmetry, no blemishes, glowing smooth skin; I want to meet whoever did the job, because they are good. Like, parahuman levels of skill. Honestly, this was the thing that almost convinced me about that magical store of yours. It would explain how you got your appearance if you can buy your way to handsomeness. I wouldn't put it past you."

Was she a masseuse? Because his ego was getting stroked and pampered like never before. The earlier anger vanished in the wind, and he decided that Tattletale was surely a good person. Yup, yup.

"It hurts me to say, but most people I know generally agree that this is kinda mid." Jaune said, pointing to his face.

"Yeah, right. How beautiful would actual beautiful people be, then?"

The notes of jealousy in her voice convinced him. That was not mere flattery she spouted, but her true feelings, and Jaune saw an earlier event in a new light.

Back when Sundancer grew so flustered in his presence…maybe, just maybe, her reaction at the time wasn't due to natural charm and good looks overflowing from his every pores, but came about because of a dissonance in beauty standards existing between their two worlds. It would mean he had understated things when he considered Sundancer and Tattletale to be pretty and cute, respectively. On the other hand, guys from the Worm universe might well suffer heart attacks should they ever meet Pyrrha or Yang.

It raised the question of how others would judge him were he to travel to a world of near-angelic levels of attractiveness. Perhaps they'd view him as an ugly goblin of a man? He hoped to never find out. His self-esteem may not survive the experience.

Breaking away from a vision of people mistaking him for a hideous monster and hunting him down, Jaune returned his attention to the blonde girl who conflated the speechlessness with her victory and has accordingly grown smug once again.

"While I'm certain that appearance upgrades are for sale in the Marketplace, I haven't bought any of them. I doubt you'd accept it, though, because you seem to think I'm lying from start to finish. So, what is it that's going to persuade you, Tattletale?"

She hummed, tapping a finger on her chin. "Ummm, let me try out the store. Seeing is believing, after all."

Despite her affectation of nonchalance, Tattletale couldn't quite hide the momentary flash of hunger. She's tempted by the prospect of unlimited power and even prettier looks, he'd bet the fortune he didn't have on it. The sneaking suspicion arose that she had been angling for this all along.

"I don't have much Points to spare," he hedged. "It'd have to be cheap."

"How many of these 'Points' do you have?"

"There's 610 Points—"

"Well, I'm sure we can find something to fit that budget."

"—of debt," he finished. Tattletale looked very unimpressed, prompting him to defend himself. "The limit is a thousand, so I have leeway, and it's not like I went on a spending spree for fun. Those Points saved lives."

Grudgingly, her expression softened. "Right. You mentioned that." A pause. "Hey, you really did it, then? Helped out Sundancer and… Skitter?" She said the second name with some fondness. It spurred a hunch.

"If Skitter was the kid wearing a dark costume with a yellow-eyed, insect-looking helmet, then yes. I'm guessing you're familiar with each other."

A nod. "Mhm. That's the one. She's a friend of mine, or as best as you can have in this business. It's good that you saved her. So, thanks." A sense of malaise stole over her countenance. She soon played it off, but not before Jaune became keenly aware that by bringing her here, he had ripped her from everybody she knew. "A-Anyway, was it all medical supplies that you bought? Not gonna lie, the cost seems a little expensive if that was the case." Jaune waved his hand in a negative.

"Nah, most of the credit was spent on this one ability. It's called [Blank] , and it makes me…immune…to Thinker powers… I might know why you pass out looking at me." He winced upon meeting the gaze of the flabbergasted girl, who quickly recovered and pounced on him. She grabbed two handfuls of his shirt, shaking him; the scroll slipped out of his grasp, bouncing across the floor.

"No, duh, you ass! Turn it off!"

"Why? You're wearing the choker."

"Pleeease!" Wait, were those tears in her eyes? Jaune panicked when Tattletale sniffled. "I feel uncomfortable when I don't have my powers active, and it really hurts when I look at you without the inhibitor. Please, Jaune, it huuuurts~"

"Alright, alright! Don't cry. I'm not sure if I can, but I'll try." And he discovered that he could. The moment he thought of wanting to deactivate [Blank] , the mental image of a slider scale emerged within his mind. Jaune willed it to move and it obeyed, falling from the top position to the bottom. "There. That did it, I think. You… you aren't going to cry, are you?" The hesitant shake of her head was not encouraging, so he employed what he'd learned growing up with seven sisters to distract, distract, distract. "Hey, how about I show you that Marketplace. Maybe I can't buy anything big, but it's getting to about dinner time, probably, so what say we get some food? How does that sound?"

"...'kay."

Whatever annoyance and hard feelings Jaune had for the girl sputtered to nothing as he extricated himself from under her to go find the scroll. How could anyone stay mad after a sight like that?

-o-​

Behind Jaune's back, a no-longer-teary Tattletale…grinned an all too fox-like grin.


Author's Notes: Turned [Blank] off around Tattletale. Nice move. And with Jaune getting the upper hand in their exchanges thus far, she now has something to prove.

Yeah, that's Lisa Wilbourn. Self-serving, impulsive, manipulative, kinda bratty. If she has a softer side, it's buried deep. Will default to using her power even when she knows it's a bad idea, will use it for shortsighted petty purposes, and will even do it for the lulz. An imperfect person. The anti-waifu.

Some writers like to take these traits away and portray her as an absolute darling and genius planner. To make things easy, Waifu Catalog MCs upon adding her to the party would typically grab the perks that just… smooths out all of her downsides, personality- and superpower-wise, so she'd work properly. Though, had any of them bothered to ask her, she would loudly insist that she's fine as she is. After all, there's not much she hates more than being treated as a convenient tool for others (her parents, the supervillain Coil) to exploit, instead of being seen as a person.

And now, flaws and all, she's making half of a dynamic duo with Jaune. It's going to be hell on them both.

.

You know who's the actual sweetie pie, as written in Worm? Sundancer, the gamergirl/ballerina who (technically) lives in a foreign country. Backstory has her as a legit pro gamer from an almost-identical Earth to ourselves, meaning she would understand the principles of minmaxing builds and probably has reliable meta knowledge if they entered the more popular game franchise universes. Give her the Company Scroll and she could have helped Jaune munchkin his way to OPness. In short, she's the perfect waifu for someone clueless in a World-jumping WC story. A shame that those qualities aren't the criteria on who gets brought along.

After all, the synopsis doesn't say 'power gets handed to Jaune and the road home is going to be a smooth, easy ride full of him styling on the multiverse'.
Stories:
QQ Sneaking His Way into the Multiverse , a RWBY Jaune, WC-lite mechanics story.
Other RWBY stories on AO3 or FF - Yakuza Arc | Conquered Menagerie: Annals of the Sixth Kingdom | Cat, Bunny, and the Good Ship Honey Starbright | The Agent
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, RSR2000, Odd1todd89 and 997 others
LazyAutumnMoon
Jun 7, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 8: The Fox and the Doggo, Like a House on Fire
View content
LazyAutumnMoon
LazyAutumnMoon
We all need Sundancer in our life.
JoinedJun 7, 2024
Messages289
Likes received68,284
Jun 17, 2024
Add bookmark
#25
As with every category Jaune had visited in the Marketplace thus far, the Food tab offered a lot of choices. Some items Jaune recognized, while other available meals featured fantastical ingredients not found anywhere on Remnant. He swore to himself that he will one day try out the Dragon Steak (tail cut) and Phoenix Egg (poached).

For the sake of today's demonstration, he bought two containers of sushi. Each cost 3 Points, though that was less a reflection of quality and more being the case for mundane meals in general. Instant ramen packages carry the same price tag. A simple hamburger, ditto. If he had to guess, it came down to a matter of supply and demand. Fish, rice, beef, and flour can probably be sourced as needed from different universes, since both Remnant and Earth Bet (the name of her world according to Tattletale) had them; in normal, everyday circumstances—i.e. when not trapped in a doorless room with zero ways to call for restaurant takeout—people can buy all of those foodstuff with money. The dish made by a five-star (or higher) chef using the sap of a million-year old tree and meat from a space turtle was a bit harder to put together, and the corresponding price reflected that.

Tattletale pretended she had not been impressed at first, saying how the scroll was just a glorified food delivery service. She has gotten quieter and quieter with the passing minutes, however, and now sat with her face buried in the screen, engrossed. Her sushi lay half-eaten nearby.

Jaune left her to it, occupied by his own meal. After the hectic… dangerous… insane events of the recent past, he discovered in the normality of this scene a precious thing he had not known he treasured. It harkened back to the good old days of last week where he and his team would commandeer a table at the cafeteria for breakfast, eating in companionable silence—or as silent as can be when Nora was present—before they departed for classes. The peace never lasted long since it was Beacon they were talking about, but for a few minutes all would be well in the world.

"Oh?"

And then somebody would inevitably break the comfortable illusion. How like home.

He has grown familiar with the tone and pitch of that sound in the past hour. It signaled that an unbridled curiosity has been piqued, and so far always preceded a certain behavior. Without looking, he reached out to grab the hand inching toward the keyfob that would deactivate the choker on Tattletale's neck.

"Do you really think that's a good idea?"

His guest flashed a confident grin, which did not reassure him much. She displayed that same smugness on the previous occasions.

"Oh, ye of little faith. I've already solved that problem! My ability is rooted in observation, and I can usually analyze a target in an instant. Something about this device is blocking me—" She scrunched her nose, glaring at the scroll with peevish distaste. "—so that's not the play here. No, I instead studied it in detail without activating my power to familiarize myself with the minutia beforehand, and now I'll Think on it to unlock all the hidden secrets this little guy is trying to hide. Watch me. It'll work."

Such determined eyes…

Ten Lien on this backfiring. Rather than saying that out loud, Jaune released her hand. "If you say so, then."

With a push of a button, the Inhibitor powered down. In the opening seconds, it seemed to have gone well. Tattletale's face morphed into an expression of wonder as she read the words on the screen.

"Ow!"

And then, pain. She fumbled to turn the choker back on, missing the keyfob with her fingers due to her eyes staying riveted on the scroll, unable to look away despite the intensifying headache. Jaw clenched, Tattletale hissed under her breath, not protesting when Jaune took her hand again and guided her to press the correct button. Afterward, she slumped on the table, rubbing at her eyes.

"Catch your breath. Don't make sudden movements." Jaune leaned down to get a look at her. "You good?"

"Yeah…" A tentative raise of the head. A blink. Two. Tattletale exhaled. "Ugh, that could have gone better. Why didn't you stop me?"

Jaune shrugged, retrieving the scroll. "A lifetime of wrangling little sisters says not to. Some lessons are best learned when self-taught. Besides, you're doing better. I saw how you were trying to shut off your power when it became too much to bear. Good job! And you don't fall unconscious anymore." The unsubtle positive reinforcement earned him a glare. He took heart that she did not bite his head off, and jotted it down as another win for the Jaune Arc's Handbook (For Surviving a House Full of Annoying Blondes).

"Whose fault is that, I wonder?" She groused. Jaune gave a nervous chuckle, and averted his eyes.

So, as it turned out, Tattletale had a problem and 90% of it came from [Blank]. Whoops. The room, the outside view, and the scroll each contributed to the mental burden, but stacking his power on top of those was what pushed her over the edge, the deluge of stimuli that would greet her upon regaining consciousness invariably drawing a path back to him at which point her brain loses the ability to draw conclusions. Without the anti-Thinker effect, she soon acclimatized to their surroundings after repeated exposure, the planet in the sky now a nonissue to her senses. The Company's device, however, did retain a tendency to send her into a spiral of speculations on other universes, the nature of existence, and the nebulous intentions of the shadowy entity known as The Company until she short-circuited.

That last one, now that he thought about it, might be to blame for her predicament. After all, the scroll was smarter than it let on.

He revised the statement when Tattletale, without hesitation, deactivated the choker the moment her headache faded, freeing her power to roam. Half the fault, at the minimum, belonged to the girl herself.

"I resent that!"

It was very hard to not see her as a mindreader when she would respond to his thoughts.

"You might as well consider me one. There's nothing that you can hide from these eyes!"

"Uh-huh. I'm of the opinion that you would benefit greatly from thinking less about 'can', and more about 'should'. In the interest of you not harming yourself—" Tattletale jolted at that, for what reason he has yet to understand. "—It's best if I confiscate this," Jaune said, shaking the scroll in his hand for emphasis, to her immediate protest.

"Wait, I'm doing just fine! And I was on the verge of sussing out some juicy tidbits! Let me see!" She scrambled out of her seat. Jaune hopped back from the girl and held the device out of her reach as she bounced up and down, trying to grab at it.

"That's kind of what I'm worried about, Tattletale! This thing is more sophisticated than it seems. It might have a security feature like my [Blank]—"

"To protect the Company's proprietary technology? Yeah, I thought of that ages before you did. But doesn't that make you want to crack it open even more? C'mon, live a little." Tattle said, grinning. She did that a lot.

Jaune was not convinced by the call to adventure. "Look, there's a point where you have to admit that you're outmatched." The narrowing of her eyes suggested he had said the wrong thing. Hastily, he moved on. "Besides, the purpose of lending you the scroll was so you can see that I was telling the truth."

The grin took on a predatory air, somewhat akin to a cat looking at a mouse. "Hmmm. I dunno. Fighting monsters of darkness, then dying and coming back to a new world. Going toe to toe with Leviathan. Saving girls left and right. It sounds like a fairy tale…or a delusion."

Gurgh! His heart, it hurts. She's kind of right, though. What even was his life?

"Honestly? Fair. I'm having trouble coming to grips with it, and I lived it. Still, I've provided you with what evidence I have and, frankly, the truth isn't going to change just because you believe otherwise." He spread his arms to encompass the room. "This is our reality, and we need to figure out how to proceed from here. I wish I could return you home, but that's beyond me. Instead, here's what I was thinking—"

"Bup bup bup!" Tattletale interjected, silencing him by pressing a finger to his lips. "I'm going to stop you right there. Your planning ability hasn't impressed me much so far."

Jaune tilted his head away to avoid her finger. "What's that supposed to mean?"

"Your 'plan' boiled down to diving headlong into one universe after another and pillaging anything not bolted down. Alright. Respect. Nothing like a spree of smash-and-grabs to get the heart racing." Not the term he would use. Tattletale gave a sudden laugh. "But not untrue, even if you'd prefer to sugarcoat it. Anyway, I'm telling you right now, as a verified expert in the fine art of asset liberation, that your current method isn't tenable in the long run."

Asset liber— Jaune pointed a finger at her face. "You're a thief!"

"A Villain, thank you." She proclaimed without missing a beat. "And you don't have room to talk, Mr. Steals-Everybody's-Tinkertech. Ooooh, and that's not the first crime you've committed! Well, well, well. You're not the goody-two-shoes I thought you were. Blue collar, white collar, fraud—forgery? Was it financial—no, academic! Awww, that means it's just a misdemeanor instead of a felony, how adorable. Although, that's not the reason you feel guilty, is it? I wonder, do you truly deserve to be a hero when your Hero School papers are… a lie… wait, hang on, why didn't the faculty kick you out if they knew? What are they, cracked in the head?" Tattletale complained as the wind was taken out of her sail.

The bewildered expression sparked a quiet amusement in Jaune. He likely wore a similar look on his own face the day Headmaster Ozpin revealed he had known of the transcripts the whole time.

The long-suppressed doubts drawn forth by Tattletale settled back into the calm seas of his mind. There had been a moment of kneejerk panic, but what did he have to worry about? The matter was over and done with. Ozpin claimed to have seen potential in him, and allowed him the chance to prove it. He has yet to fail, and once he succeeded in returning to Remnant with the means to protect everyone, nobody can deny his worth.

"If you succeed. Like I said, your current course will end in failure."

Annoyed, Jaune said, "How's that, then?"

The smile Tattletale wore now was the widest he had ever seen. In a lecturing, condescending, tone of voice, she detailed all the things he had failed to consider, revealing the true scope of the daunting task he had set out to accomplish. A proper base of operation, intelligence on the worlds he will travel to, a gameplan to get in and out, weapons, utility tools, contingencies; the list of what he lacked went on and on.

At the start of his journey, he had expected, optimistically, that it would take him an undefined but short amount of time to accrue the Points needed to overcome Beacon's crisis. What did that involve again? An answer to three armies (Grimm, robots, White Fang), two mobile city-destroying siege weapons (a dragon, and a probable giant robot), and an assassin/magical girl able to fight on par with Ozpin who was touted as one of the Kingdom's best (and her team of lackeys).

Doable? He was looking at a full-on war campaign, translating to months of hopping universes, if not longer.

He needed to eat. Sleep. Live. That meant spending on daily meals, changes of clothes, toiletries, and a host of other commonplace things. The Marketplace can provide, but the costs added up in the long run, and trading treasures for cereals was a horrendous waste of Points. Restock from the Instances instead, and he would lose out on space for the valuables that were his goal, necessitating a constant balancing act. Maintenance will require another outlay, either of time or Points. Get his hands on an object too complicated, and it would be as useful as paperweight without the relevant operating knowledge. If he happened to have expended the entirety of his Points balance on it? Well, then it was goodbye Beacon.

By the end, Jaune was ready to go back and face the music. A fuckup like him can at least try to put his body between Pyrrha and an attack from the fire lady.

"—it's seriously laughable how little thought you put into thiiiis but, hey, you have the bare bones ready, now it's just a matter of building from there and I'm pretty sure a couple rounds of purchases from that online store would put you on the right track. You have loads of time anyway, if your world is frozen like you said. So, um, maybe you could do okay?"

There's no response. It's just a corpse.

The change in tune elicited no change to Jaune's mood. He sat slumped in his chair, and one would swear he had faded to an ashen white. Standing over him, Tattletale beheld her great work, and her expression was one of anxiousness bleeding into horror.

"You're not wrong, though," Jaune said, voice hollow. "I don't even have any real starting funds for my next run. The one thing of value I have on hand to pawn off is Crocea Mors, but it's not like the thing is worth that much either. Nowhere near the level of a lightsaber. I'm… I'm in a really bad spot, huh?"

"Pshaw, that's nothing! I've been in worse straits, and I made out like a bandit. You just need to, you know, use critical thinking and stuff. You don't have Points, and don't want to sell your family heirloom? That's okay! It doesn't necessarily have to be permanent. Trade it in now to tide over the hard times, and buy it back later when you're rich. See? The situation's not so hopeless already!" Some color returned to Jaune, not much. Tattletale continued, words spewing out in a rush, "L-Look, what's the sword worth? I can check the store to see what falls in the budget, and set you up with the basics. That should help you survive wherever it is you're going to next, and you can decide on your choices afterward. Fresh eyes and all that, you know? And let's maybe not go with whatever else you might have been thinking about?"

Jaune stared down at the scroll in his hand, not inclined to do much of anything. Tattletale reached over to tap the button that opened the screen, then dithered by his side, waiting in silence with a strange constipated face—

"It's a look of encouragement!"

—Ah, that. It did not suit her, seeming awkward and unpracticed.

"Shut uuuup!" Tattletale whined as Jaune at last cracked a smile. She sounded more relieved than angry.

He fired up the app, and navigated to the Sell page. Crocea Mors, by his recollection, was worth around six or seven hundred Points. A quick inspection confirmed it stood at seven hundred, and Jaune experienced a pang of disappointment at the thought of his ancestral blade failing to scratch the fabled (and arbitrary) milestone of a thousand Points. Then again, the number reflected what The Company was willing to pay. Its retail price on the Marketplace should be higher assuming his knowledge of basic economics held true. In the (very unlikely) event that he made the trade, he would have to check it out. For the ego boost if nothing else.

Putting a pin on the idea, Jaune was about to give Tattletale an answer when he noticed a discrepancy. The list of his possessions appeared longer than it should. Below his clothes and weapons was another line… h-h–how many Points!?

What could he have that was worth 14,000 Points? His gaze snapped to the other side of the screen. The words he saw there froze him solid.

Tattletale/Lisa Wilbourn/Sarah Livsey

In the ensuing silence, Jaune became starkly aware of the person next to him, who had broken out in a cold sweat after reading from his posture the new information. Who happened to carry a price tag according to the scroll. It considered her a product.

Just when he thought he understood how deep the rabbit hole went, a whole other level to The Company revealed itself. The Marketplace sold more than methods of enthralling women. In this new light, that 'Waifu' category took on a different meaning; it did not stock overpriced plastic figurines like he initially, and naively, believed. For the discerning customer, the scroll was all too willing to skip the intervening steps.

Twelve of her.

Twelve Tattletales and he can acquire the power to rain meteors from the sky. Thirty, and he would own an axe capable of cracking a continent in half—which he supposed a sufficient number of meteors can do, too, albeit with the fatal flaw of lighting him on fire.

Out of his periphery, he caught green eyes briefly darting to the screen, just long enough to catch her exact worth, before trailing to his thumb that was hovering way too close to the icon representing her. She made an attempt at affecting nonchalance, facial features trying to twitch into a semblance of confidence. It looked more like a grimace, and was further undermined by her clenched fists and shortened breaths. She may be the mindreader between the two of them, but at this moment Jaune had little trouble seeing the wheels spinning in that blonde head, calculating whether she could dive for the scroll faster than he could move.

And then, abruptly, she relaxed. A familiar grin made its return a full second ahead of Jaune—in a slow, careful motion—placing the scroll on the table and retracting his hand.

"W-Wooow, fourteen grand. You could have made bank. Didn't you say that pile of tinkertech you were lugging around added up to about ten? I see, I see. Who would've thought that I'm such an expensive gal~"

Now, say it again without the stutter, and he might believe her cool attitude was genuine.

"You have a superpower. I guess that's rarer than a fancy gun. It's a moot point, though, don't you think? Selling people really isn't in the cards." In his world, the SDC came closest to taking that backstep to last century, and even they were unwilling to go over the line. An entity seen as the devil incarnate by a not-insignificant subset of Remnant's population thought it would be too much.

Breaking news, it's official. The maker of this scroll he was using ranked higher on the evil scale than Jaques Schnee. What was the word for the opposite of an ethical consumer? Because that's him right now.

Somehow, somehow, Tattletale made it worse. "You'd be surprised at the number of people who disagree with that sentiment. Around the bay? There are… rumors."

Breaking news, it's official. Brockton Bay was right up there on the evil scale.

"First Leviathan, now slave trafficking? You live in literal hell," Jaune deadpanned.

"Yeeeah, that's good old BB's nickname," Tattletale drawled. "Along with 'Nazi-capital of the US' and 'Shithole'." She plopped down on a seat, and made a grabbing motion at the scroll. "Now, gimme."

"You mean it about helping me?" Jaune asked in astonishment. With some hesitation, he pushed the device nearer to her reach. Showing that she can learn, Tattletale dampened her power before picking it up.

"What with the face?" A pout. "I can be generous! A bit of freebie advice isn't a big deal, especially if it keeps you from giving up and doing something stupid…" The grumbling devolved into murmurs too soft for him to comprehend.

"Well, thanks. I owe you one."

Tattletale perked up. "Welcome~ I'll cash that in right now, if you don't mind."

"I- seriously?" Return to him his gratitude, dammit!

"Nihihi. You see, I'm just a poor, innocent girl adrift in the universe—" She snickered as Jaune mimed gagging. "—and I'd appreciate it if you can drop me off on any nice, peaceful world you come across."

"Hang on. Don't you want to go home?" Jaune asked, surprised.

Uh-oh. He might have touched a nerve, because the chatterbox named Tattletale stopped talking. She merely shrugged, continuing to peruse the Marketplace in pointed silence. A hint. Drop it.

The tap-tap-tapping of her fingers on the screen soon became the only sound in the apartment. Jaune fidgeted in his seat, unsure of what topic to broach with his previous question still burning at the forefront of his mind and not inclined to ruin the mood they had managed to build after the previous series of blunders.

"My life for the past year has been devoted to escaping Brockton Bay, and the hold a villain there has over me," Tattletale finally muttered.

"Oh." Okay, that was a pretty dang good reason. Jaune bit down on his next question, whether her situation had anything to do with her fear at the prospect of being 'Mastered'. No conversational precedent existed for asking someone if they also belonged to the Mind-Controlled By a Psycho Club, but he would guess that it counted as a faux-pas when directed at people he just met, and instead pivoted to safer grounds. "What about your family? Or your friends, like Skitter?"

A sigh. "The less said about my 'family', the better. My friends… Skitter left. She's with the heroes now from what you said, where she always wanted to be. As for the rest of my little team of ne'er-do-wells, they're fracturing bit by bit. I give it a couple of months before we dissolve. Beyond that, Earth Bet doesn't have much waiting for me." She looked up into his eyes. There was the barest tremble of her lip; it disappeared, and she flashed a wide smile. "This could be my fresh start."

"I'll make sure to get you to a good world," Jaune blurted out, unthinking.

"Heh. You damn well better."

All that they needed to say, has been said. An understanding was reached. The room settled into quiet tranquility.

It was not until a few minutes later, under a spray of water from the shower-head, that Jaune banged his head against the wall tiles in a bout of self-recrimination, chiding his stupid ass for pushing what must have been every single one of Tattletale's trauma buttons.

Hey, let's remind her of her failing personal relationships! Describe her attempt to show concern as 'constipated'! How about raising the possibility of her being sold to an extradimensional corporation of nonexistent morality? It would be a hoot!

Was this his Semblance? Did he have a special ability to drag a girl's hangups out into the light of day? According to Huntsman convention, people would name their Semblance when they discover it. His was going to be Open Mouth, Insert Foot.

Ugh. It may sound callous, but the day he parted ways with Tattletale could not arrive fast enough. She was not horrible company or anything on that level—worse than three, nowhere near all seven was her Annoying Blonde score in his professional judgment—but, as she said, it would be a fresh start, one that spared him the embarrassing memories of today.

Having washed away the grime of his ordeal, Jaune turned off the shower and, due to habit, put out a hand in the direction he would normally hang his towel. He swiped empty air.

Right, no towel.

Poking his head out of the stall, he searched the bare-boned bathroom, which continued the same theme as the rest of the apartment. Very sleek. Very modern. It exuded a stark, impersonal feel and lacked the personal items that said a person lived here. A careful inspection failed to conjure forth even a tissue, as he had already known. Left with no good option, Jaune shook like a dog to try and get rid of the water clinging to his body—however the furry fellas manage it, he envied them, because he was still damp by the end—before stepping out. His clothes, hung up on the sink in a vain hope that they would dry, were likewise somewhat moist when he donned them.

One thing Tattletale got right, it sucked living without the little conveniences he grew up with. Cups to drink water, a blanket for when he's cold, clean outfits to wear, soap. He also had not brushed his teeth yet in at least twenty four hours.

A day of hoofing it was fine. A week was endurable. A month spent in filth…just no.

He supposed it's similar to what was taught in class at Beacon. When embarking on a Huntsman mission, you would preferably not rush in headlong if the situation allowed it. Pack your own gear, in case your destination could not provide. Scoping out the scene was the prudent thing to do, and always check in with the people of the settlement to gain an idea of what you were facing. He really jumped the gun on his first world, huh?

Brockton Bay… it was a mess and a half, but was also a true unknown at the time. He did well, all things considered. He had learned from his mistakes.

The next Instance will show better results. The one after, even more so. Step by step, he will advance toward his goal.

Determination reinvigorated, Jaune exited the bathroom as a new man, eager to take on the universe. Tattletale, his font of knowledge on the so-called path of smash-and-grabs, was still where he left her, sitting at the table. He wandered over in the hope of an update. She ignored his greeting and stared unblinking at the scroll.

That was…worrying.

"Are you okay? Did you get trapped in a loop again?"

A small shake of her head. She remained quiet for another minute.

Finally, she spoke, idly asking, "How hard are these worlds to take on, would you say?"

"Well, I've only done it once, so don't call me an expert, but the first one put me in Brockton Bay the day Leviathan attacked."

Tattletale winced, and mumbled under her breath. He caught a snippet.

"...there goes that idea…"

A second period of silence ensued. Longer, this time, as the girl struggled through a personal train of thought.

"But you survived," she declared.

"I did. Otherwise, I wouldn't be in front of you."

She nodded slowly. Jaune drew closer to see what had her so fascinated.

[Res— the screen winked out. Tattletale spun to face him, and he was taken aback by the serious expression with nary a smirk or grin. In another disturbing sight, that motormouth of hers worked to find the words to say.

"Hey. I've been thinking… You're obviously in over your head."

"Yes," he admitted. It was the simple truth, he can own up to that. But, while he may have yet to find his footing, his heart was set on this path for the sake of—

"Dueling Leviathan? Your dumb brain is going to get you killed one of these days. You need all the help you can get."

"Okay. It's getting a little mean now. You can stop bashing me anytime," he deadpanned. Thankfully, she did, and proceeded to the point.

"So, I've got an offer for you. I'm going to stick around, and lend you the benefit of my intellect."

Jaune blinked three times in rapid succession, before blurting out, "Hang on, really? I mean, not that I'm doubting your sincerity, but—"

She cut him off, continuing on as if oblivious. "In exchange, those Points you're gonna get? Allow me a share of it. I want to make a purchase."

Understanding dawned. Just as he did, she had found in the Marketplace the means of attaining her heart's desire.

Jaune pondered the merits of the proposal. The obvious detriment was having another mouth to feed, specifically in regards to Point gain. It would extend the timeline further than the current projection, which was already stretched too far for his taste.

Also, Tattletale; no more need be said on the matter.

As for benefits? Damn her for offering, because she was making sense. He was the guy whose winning play for attending Beacon started with defrauding the institution and ended with lies, lies, and more lies, with the cracks paved over by a copious amount of wishful optimism. Have a short-term problem, like a fight? Give him enough pieces to play with, and he can muddle through it one way or another. Ask him to build a roadmap spanning longer than a week, and watch him implode. He could use the support, someone whose brain he can pick for ideas.

And… It's lonely here, in this room of gray walls and white ceiling.

"If the offer is genuine, then I would welcome the company. Fifty/fifty split?"

"Good! I knew you'd see reason. Let's talk…shares…wait, did you say fif—I mean, DEAL! No take-backsies~" In a turnaround to make one's head spin, Tattletale was all smiles, positively bouncing in glee.

He overpaid, didn't he?

Peering down at the elated girl, Jaune mulled on the possible consequences should he, indeed, commit the sin of take-backsies squiggly line.

He forgot she was a borderline mindreader. Power activated, she studied his body language to detect the lingering indecision, and responded by doubling down on the show of earnest gratitude. Faker than fake, and oh so nostalgic, Annoying Blondes truly were the same in any universe.

A roll of his eyes conveyed his awareness of her ploy, followed by him putting out a hand.

"Happy to be working with you…hm, is it Lisa Wilbourn? Or Sarah Livsey?"

"Gasp!" She verbalized the sound. "I can't reveal my secret identity to my kidnapper!" The comment lacked bite, more teasing than snarky. All the while, the mask of her emotions kept slipping, falling back to this odd, sort of shell-shocked look, the grin permanently affixed.

"It can be Lisarah. Don't think I won't."

"Snrk. Fine." She took his hand, and shook on it. "Call me Lisa, ya goof."

Author's Notes: You know what they say, the real treasure was the friends you made along the way. Which is why, in a WC system, selling people is playing the game right; they're worth a lot more than piddly battlefield loot. The option for easy mode is always there, available at the click of a button.
.
A manipulator, sure. But a master manipulator? If she was, people's impression of Tattletale in canon wouldn't be 'that arrogant, insufferable know-it-all'.
.
What did Lisa see for sale? What does she wish for above all, but could never have? Those who read Worm might be able to take a guess. Otherwise, it'd take Jaune a while to find out.
.
Not everyone is familiar with the Waifu Catalog/CYOA genre, or Worm, or RWBY. So, if you have a question about it, do ask, since not everything can be expounded on in the narrative.
Last edited: Jul 7, 2024
Stories:
QQ Sneaking His Way into the Multiverse , a RWBY Jaune, WC-lite mechanics story.
Other RWBY stories on AO3 or FF - Yakuza Arc | Conquered Menagerie: Annals of the Sixth Kingdom | Cat, Bunny, and the Good Ship Honey Starbright | The Agent
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, RSR2000, Noctus and 939 others
LazyAutumnMoon
Jun 17, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 9: Have Aura, Will Travel
View content
LazyAutumnMoon
LazyAutumnMoon
We all need Sundancer in our life.
JoinedJun 7, 2024
Messages289
Likes received68,284
Jul 7, 2024
Add bookmark
#54
After their bargain was struck, Jaune got down to the meat of the matter. The issue at hand. The real talk.

"Okay, tell me what you have for me, Lisa. Am I going to fly? Shoot laser beams?" ...X-ray vision?

His new partner in universe-hopping fixed him with an amused look, one eyebrow raised, lips twitching in mirth.

"Slow down there, hero-boy." Unhurried, Lisa took the time to brush back her blonde hair over an ear. "Trust me, I can understand why your mind went straight to the flashy toys, but even though they may seem attractive upon first glance, this is a multifaceted problem requiring a multifaceted solution. As such, I recommend you take a more holistic, long-term approach while always keeping in mind the synergies that may exist between the purchases, if any, made today and those tabled for later on." She held up the scroll, and tapped a finger on the surface for emphasis. "Our best path forward is to set up multiple channels of advancement which, with the critical acquisitions, will result in a cascading effect that jumpstarts you to success." She punctuated her speech with a confident grin, then looked at him expectantly for a reply.

Wow, those sure were a lot of smart words!

"All of that sounds so, so great," he complimented, and Lisa visibly preened. "Although, I have just one request: can you put it in smaller words for me, please?" Because me dum dum.

"Ahaha…um." Lisa grew distinctly nervous, fidgeting as she turned her head to peer out the window. Away from him.

"Lisa?" He moved to enter her view, then kept doing so as she refused to meet his eyes. "Tattletale? Hello?"

Cracking under the pressure, her words came out in a rush. "Basically, you can't fly any time soon. On the other hand, you can have the amazing ability to fall at a very safe speed. You know, if dropping from great heights was somehow a constant problem for you."

It was, in fact. The lack of a landing strategy has always been a (thankfully nonfatal) weakness of his. Was fixing it worth his family heirloom? Will he make that trade for the chance to be… Slowfall Man?

No.

"Tell me you're joking."

A helpless shrug was Lisa's answer. "Anything decent costs too much. The ones in our price range either outright suck, or have multiple tiers that you have to purchase. The latter isn't a flaw by itself and I normally might have called that an investment, except for a glaring issue."

Jaune cocked his head, awaiting an explanation.

"Like, how strong are you?" Lisa asked in a leading tone.

Thinking of the best way to demonstrate, he searched the room for a set of weights. There were none, of course, and his gaze soon returned to Lisa, whom he picked up by the waist, raising her high with ease before putting her down again.

"About that strong, I guess."

"..."

"What?"

The girl stared at him, mouth half-open. Her statue impression stretched on until it became downright uncomfortable, prompting him to reach out and poke her on the shoulder just to make sure she was still alive. The contact broke Lisa from her daze.

"W-well, that was quite…interesting. So that's what it's like to not have my powers screwing with me." She coughed into a hand, and moved on rather than explain. "Nice lifting. You made it look easy. Here's the kicker, though. Most of it is thanks to that Aura stuff, right? Your natural baseline is lower."

"Yeah, the Aura stacks on top of what I have. Is that relevant?"

Lisa pulled up a store page, spinning the scroll around for him to see the name: [The STRENGTH of Two and a Half Men]. It sounded underwhelming until she directed him to click on an arrow icon, and the 'Two and a Half' part changed to a 'Nine and Three-Quarters'. Another click, and it was now 'Forty Two'. Then, 'One Hundred and One'. He stopped once it surpassed the 'Ten Thousand Thirty Two' mark (costing a cool 500,000 Points for the Tier).

"I'd say it's crucial," Lisa said, tearing her eyes from the screen and reactivating her powers, "because this [Skill] here and the ones like it improves your physical and mental attributes. They're split into Tiers, and start out pretty cheap in exchange for a modest upgrade; each rank costs more than the last. It gets ridiculous on the higher end."

It sure did. Phrases like 'breaking the sound barrier' and 'punching the moon' in the descriptions painted a very enticing picture. He wanted them. All of them.

"And the catch?' he asked, not blind to the despondence surrounding Lisa.

"The effects for this series are really just multipliers. They rely on those weird metrics in the Status app. STRENGTH, SPEED, INTELLIGENCE, CHARM, and so on."

After a few seconds, he got it. "We have no idea what the numbers are in reference to me."

"Yeeeep. Or me. Farewell, my fleeting dream of being the smartest person in the universe."

At the moment, the Status app was stuck on a snapshot of its old owner. Under the list of attributes sat a small pile of unallocated stat points, grayed-out and impossible to interact with. Even if they could spend them, Jaune gave it equal odds of affecting the dead man instead of him or Lisa. If he cannot increase his own numbers, then that was a major part of the [Skills] cut off at the knees.

It was as she said. The things of use laid out of reach. What was attainable, brought with them flaws.

"Being broke sucks."

"Preach~"

Damn it all. He was so excited about getting some help, too. So long, easy life.

Lisa winced, having yet again read his body language for his thoughts. "I can help! But we need to start small. That [Mobile Merchant] you mentioned is a good first goal—and it's not a paywall scam, FYI."

His ten thousand lost Points said otherwise.

"Listen. No matter your opinion on it, that [Skill] increases the efficiency of our job." She was speaking faster and faster. "[Dimensional Pockets] is a good alternative. The downside there is you still have to retreat out of the world to sell your haul. It could be useful for carrying supplies, though. Either way, they provide more benefits to you in the immediate term than combat-related abilities or weapons. Your Aura and sword-shield tinkertech covered those bases to an extent, anyway."

A particular memory surfaced, and he recalled a night where he used Crocea Mors as a crowbar to pry open the rooftop access door of the dorm after someone locked it with him on the outside. His sword was a tool for many occasions.

Lisa nodded along in satisfaction. "A lever is always valuable. Look at that, now you don't have to sell your precious family blade. Aren't you happy? Of course you are, you hated the idea of parting with it in the first place! And you know, a flying power takes a ton of Points, but who's to say we can't work around the problem? I'm talking about jetpacks. Rocket boots. A robo-suit featuring both. Eh? Ehhh?" She waggled her brows, smirking victoriously at the change that came over him upon hearing of the sci-fi inventions made real.

In a magical store that sold everything imaginable, there was always an alternative, a way to continue on despite the obstacles. Yes, they were more limited in what they can do than the best toys. He'd take them, nevertheless.

"Executive decision: we're going on a Jump." he declared. Snatching up the scroll, Jaune navigated to the portal-making app.

"Already!?" Lisa squawked in astonishment at his haste.

"Why not? It's good to analyze and scrutinize, but there comes a time when thinking must give way to action. And when the thinking is rocket boots, that time is now, now, now."

A familiar message soon appeared.


Searching… searching… temporary connections established.


A remnant of hope compelled him to scan the list for the names Worm and Brockton Bay. No dice. Only one of the options matched the previous group, a 'Nier'. The rest were new.

"What do you think about this Instance? If I had to guess, we'll face a haunted house in a city full of raccoons. Easy-peasy."

Lisa peeked over his shoulder, and immediately shouted, "Nope! No way! That's the same danger rating you said Leviathan had. Once was enough, thank you. I almost died in that battle. Twice!"

"That's the fear talking. C'mon, we can handle it."

"I'm of the opinion that you would benefit greatly from thinking less about 'can', and more about 'should'," Lisa echoed word for word an earlier sentiment he expressed. "A smart villain starts out by casing the easiest targets before ramping up from there. They don't go and rob a bank for their first crime." She paused. "Except Skitter. Don't be a Skitter."

"Fine, fine," Jaune idly said as he continued checking through the available choices. "Your analogy is terrible, by the way. And you're going to have to tell me stories about this friend of yours sometimes. Seriously, she's nuts."

He moved down the list while excluding Instances carrying a danger rating higher than a 4/10. As expected, the loot rating sank like a stone in response. The groupings of three-stars, two-stars, and even a one-star were a sad sight, pitiful in comparison to their treasure-rich peers. The fantasy of a tinkertech pile laying on the roadside withered in his heart, and he privately—or as privately as possible when standing next to little miss My-Supervillain-Name-is-Tattletale —wondered if these worlds were even worth the trip. Then again, he supposed that was a good reason to at least try them out. Making an informed decision required him to possess more than a single data point. A safer place may also afford him the opportunity to scope out the area and see what was worth taking—

"You really aren't mad at me, huh?"

Jaune half-turned his head to meet Lisa's gaze. She hadn't been looking at the scroll, but at him.

"For?"

"I promised a bunch of stuff, and that stupid phone made a liar of me," the girl said, choosing her words carefully. "My last team would have started bitching about it by now, and made all kinds of demands."

Jaune waved it off and went back to the scroll. "You tried your best to help even when you could have left me to wallow in my misery. I can't claim to understand your every thought by looking at your nose or whatever—that's your schtick—but I can at least tell you don't have bad intentions."

She scoffed. "How you manage to not get yourself killed by now with that goody-goody mindset, I'll never know. The world isn't so kind." The line was delivered in a lower tone, as befitting such a dire warning. Jaune had to roll his eyes.

"Meh. That's nothing new, since my world is full of Grimm. But if you meant people, then I think you'd find it shocking just how nice they can be." A certain friend who forgave his lies and crimes, and went further by spending her nights training him, was one such. "As for getting myself killed? The risk of that comes part and parcel with my future line of work. 'My grave might say hero, my grave might say fool, but by the Brothers, it's a Huntsman's life for me' or so a folk song goes."

The giggle coming from behind him brought a smile to his face. Turning to her, he pointed at a particular Instance on the screen. It was the safest he found, and earned Lisa's endorsement.

Thus, their course was decided. He did not press the confirmation button yet, though, and set the scroll down on the table. To his companion's questioning look, he wiggled the fingers on a raised hand.

"I'm dead broke, so I can't provide gears for you, but there's one free gift I can always give. C'mere. I'm going to unlock your Aura."

"My Aura?"

Jaune nodded. "The light of your soul."

The gravitas of that statement failed to properly impress on the girl.

"Pft. Is that what people call it, the soul? You gonna help me find my inner self, mystic man?"

"Or I could just not," he said with a carefree shrug, retracting his hand. Lisa read his action to see the truth, and quick as a flash she reversed her attitude.

"Wait! Waitwaitwait! I want soul magic, so gimme!"

"I thought you might. Also, it's not magic." Not a day had passed since he met her, and Jaune was already treasuring these moments where he got to be the smug one. Reaching out, he placed his hand on her cheek, and drew in a deep breath—

"Is this just an excuse to touch me?"

He snatched hand away. "It's part of the process!"

"Riiight. Nevermind me, then. Go ahead."

Jaune eyed her with suspicion, but she merely stood there with a grin. Was it paranoia, or did he sense an undercurrent of competitiveness under her fake innocence, a hint of smugness to that cherubic façade? Slowly, he made contact with her cheek a second time.

Hm. Without context, the gesture did seem rather intimate at a glance.

And right on cue, Lisa opened her mouth.

"Ahn~"

"Oh, come on, don't make this weird!" Jaune exclaimed, his hand pulling back as if burned.

Amidst laughter, Lisa replied, "Weren't you the person who thought that we were being intimate? What? Have you never made a girl moan before, Mr. Vir-asdfghjkl—owiiiie!" The Annoying Blonde doubled over, clutching at her head.

Jaune hid his amusement as [Blank] dialed down again. Out of a desire for privacy, he tried to project an image of the mental slider halting just a notch above the off position. It was hard to discern whether that worked or not, so he observed Lisa in detail as he spoke.

"We good? Truce?"

"You dick. Truce." Lisa massaged her forehead, grumbling under her breath.

Yeah, she wasn't a bad person, but something—perhaps the sheer inability to maintain the act for longer than a minute—told him that, at heart, Lisa also wasn't the sweetie she pretended to be earlier.

And damn him, was it nostalgic to see. There weren't seven of her. Yet, just for a brief moment, a vivid daydream struck him with the force of a freight train, sending him back to the breakfast table of the Arc household. It washed over him; the noise, the laughter, way too much teasing, and a whole heaping of good food, and…

It's been so long since he was last home.

Lisa was peering up at him, curiosity plain on her face and eyes widening as time passed. The mild interest transformed to an agog expression as she realized what he had done, and what she can no longer see.

"How did—t-turn it off!"

"Nope. [Blank] is not hurting you, or you would have said it. I reckon we should set up some boundaries if we're going to be roommates." He drew back as the girl leaned in close; her gaze roamed over his features like he's a strange animal. "What are you doing?"

"This is so weird. Usually, if I stare too hard at somebody else like this, I would have puked from the flood of TMI."

Jaune shied away even further. "Oh. Well, here's an idea. Don't do that."

Nothing against the vomit-prone, Jaune considered them his people, but he will be the first to admit that it usually leads to an unpleasant experience for all parties involved.

"Um, 'kay," she said in an airy tone of voice, and was too distracted to protest him cupping her face. The bright hue of his Aura woke her from her stupor. Or, maybe, it was the words he chanted…

"For it is in clashing that we achieve impossibility."

…because he messed it up again! Fuck!

"I don't even need my powers to tell that's incorrect." There's the return of that mocking attitude. She really cannot resist making a quip, huh?

"Through this, we become a champion of…of virtuous glory(?) for all."

"Wro-ong~ If you're just parroting half-remembered lines, there's no real meaning to it, you know?"

"Shhh. Infinity in distance and beyond all death, I release your soul and…"

The eyeroll. The dull apathy. Her casual response to the proceedings irked him. But then, whose fault was that?

She was unable to take him seriously, because he was failing to be serious.

Well then, since he's already bungled the rite to hell and back, let's forget about trying to copy Pyrrha and instead make it sincere. Let's make it his. He switched [Blank] off for a second.

"...on my word, walk beside thee."

There was no witty snark to follow, the Annoying Blonde dumbstruck.

And would you look at that, the little devil did have a soul. A soft glow came forth to encase her form. Shakily, Lisa raised her arms to stare at the apple-green layer fitting her like a second skin. She pinched the back of her left hand as an experiment.

"Woooow."

Jaune chuckled, understanding too well the reaction. "How do you feel?"

"Like everything is brighter,' she murmured. "Like I'm safe for the first time in a long time."

Nodding along, he kindly said, "Savor it, because that will pass."

He had felt the same rush when his Aura was unlocked, too. The sensation of invincibility was phenomenal…for the twenty minutes it lasted, cut short by him meeting the giant Deathstalker. It was a big world out there, filled with all manners of threats to screw up one's day. In fact, with the door to the many universes open to them, that number must have multiplied exponentially.

Jaune's face tinged faintly green.

With effort, he pushed those thoughts aside for his peace of mind to allow Lisa the chance of simply enjoying the occasion. She cycled through a similar list of actions to what he had done in the past: jogging back and forth, jumping, attempting to lift the furniture—the bed was still too much for her, leading him to question her baseline physical prowess. She shadow-boxed for a bit. He had to bite down on his cheek to suppress the laugh for that one; a fighter she was not. Once she had calmed down enough to pay attention, Lisa was all for entering the next Instance, wanting a place to play with her newfound ability.

A tap on the app, and a kaleidoscope of colors swirled in an expanding circle upon one of the drab, gray walls. The surface of the portal oriented into shimmering half-clarity, revealing a darkened space with its sole source of illumination coming from the thinnest rays of light. A sniff, and he detected the scent of cheap beer and musty decay.

A hint of a sea breeze reminded him of recent triumph and loss. His spirit faltered at the thought that it may repeat. Seeking comfort, he asked of his companion a question.

"Just tell me one thing. Where does it lead, Lisa?"

Unsure, she pointed at the portal. He shook his head.

"My goal still seems so far away. I risked my life to fight a monster and ended up with fuck-all. Am I just arrogant, or can I hope for more than what I have?"

He expected biting ridicule. She gave a rueful sigh. "Heh. Don't think you're special or anything. That's how it goes for everybody and their dreams. The first days are the hardest, and so we give up. Which is why you should be glad that you met me." Her voice had strengthened by the end, boldness shining through. "Did you know? The store sells stable portals to different universes."

His movements ceased. Jaune forgot to breathe.

"That's the milestone we're aiming for. Permanent access to one of the cheaper worlds for us to build a base in and use it to accumulate resources for our forays. Then, we save up to buy a higher-end location; a place that—while riskier—would be rife with opportunities, which we can loot to the bedrocks. Does that seem doable?"

Numbly, he nodded his head in agreement. The future did look far less daunting when cut down to smaller sizes like that. That was not the only part he focused on. To hear of a method which would allow him to enter other universes without depending on the portal app? Jaune dared not hope, but he had a destination in mind.

A city by the sea. A world of heroes and villains.

And all it took was for him to continue pushing forward. So long as he stayed alive, no matter how many times he failed, he had a chance to keep his promises.

Yeah, that sounded grand.


-o-
​

The portal deposited them in what appeared to be the living room of a derelict apartment. Sunlight filtered through a gap between drawn curtains, casting the place in a gloom. Lisa—or Tattletale as she asked to be called on the job—meandered over that way, opening them to peer out the grimy windows, nose scrunched in disgust.

Much of the personal effects were gone along with some of the furniture to leave the room rather threadbare. A couch sat in the middle of the space, covered by a cloth to help it keep; optimistic, considering the damp, humid condition of the apartment. Trash and papers littered the floor, making Jaune very careful where he stepped.

"Filthy alleyway, now a filthy house, the app has a type."

"Fuuuuu—"

"Wow, look at that. A window that opened right into a brick wall? Whoever put up the next building over is a total bastard."

"—uuuuuuu—"

"Rats! There are rats here!"

"—uuuuuuuuuuck!"

"Got it out of your system?" Jaune said to Tattletale, who was rubbing at her eyes. The windows past her revealed a foggy, gray sky.

"Ugh. Yeah. I just gleaned a bit of information on this place, that's all. Maybe we should have taken on those raccoons in the evil house."

"Portal is right there if you think we should go back. The list might update, though, so no guarantees on the universes we will find. What's the problem, anyway?"

"This place got hit by a plague."

Ah. Not fun.

"How can you be sure?"

In answer, Tattletale pointed to a wall no longer darkened by the lack of lights, and the graffiti on it that said:

'BLOOD FROM THE EYES'

She then turned her finger at the windows; Jaune had to lean over her to see where it indicated. The view outside did not look much better than in here, showing an empty street and shabby, abandoned buildings. At the edge, half out of sight, sat a tall wall made from metal sheets. It crossed the road, likely blocking the path from one side to the other.

"I think we're on the wrong side of a quarantine," Jaune remarked. Tattletale confirmed it with a nod.

"You take me to the best places, Jaune. Here's hoping we don't catch a pox."


Universe: Dishonored. Location: Dunwall. Event: House of Pleasure.​


Author's Notes: Finally. Less talkee, more Jumpee.

Don't try to out-smug the smug monster. You might provoke it.
Last edited: Jul 8, 2024
Stories:
QQ Sneaking His Way into the Multiverse , a RWBY Jaune, WC-lite mechanics story.
Other RWBY stories on AO3 or FF - Yakuza Arc | Conquered Menagerie: Annals of the Sixth Kingdom | Cat, Bunny, and the Good Ship Honey Starbright | The Agent
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:RSR2000, Odd1todd89, Noctus and 981 others
LazyAutumnMoon
Jul 7, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 10: We Join the Plucky Rebels for Queen and Country
View content
LazyAutumnMoon
LazyAutumnMoon
We all need Sundancer in our life.
JoinedJun 7, 2024
Messages289
Likes received68,284
Aug 6, 2024
Add bookmark
#87
Jaune flipped the gold coin high in the air, admiring the way it glinted in the light as all his worries seemed to just fade away.

He has been doing this on and off ever since they discovered the odd little disc lying forgotten on a shelf and Tattletale taught him how. His whole life he only ever encountered Lien, and it seemed so normal for currency to be in the form of rectangular cards that he at first thought it a joke on hearing there were places that still use coins. It's wild how people would walk around with precious metals in their pocket, let alone something this heavy, but he sort of understood the point now. The ting sound the coin makes when flicked was very satisfying.

Earth Bet preferred paper money according to Tattletale, flimsy pieces of paper that can tear or smudge. Stamped with ink. Unlaminated. Pure insanity.

This piece of revelation did suggest he essentially robbed the convenience store in Brockton Bay he visited, considering Lien would be of an unknown and unaccepted denomination. That, or he had left behind otherworld artifacts of far greater worth compared to the things he took. Food for thought.

In any case, his search of the living room had further yielded a silver coin plus three of copper hidden under the couch cushions, which altogether he hoped would suffice for buying some necessities. Other than that, the apartment appeared devoid of valuables, and with the beginning of restlessness setting in, Jaune would glance at the bedroom entrance every minute or so as he waited. Tattletale entered it a short while ago to comb for more of this world's coinage while he stayed out here, and he had not heard a peep from her since then. He should probably check on her.

"Ahhhhh!"

He should definitely check on her.

The scene he arrived at, sword drawn, was of a threadbare room containing many empty bottles, a faded painting, a bed, a table, and a Tattletale perched atop the table. Back pressed against the wall, she caught sight of him and at once pointed a finger at the ground. He followed it down, scanning for the grave threat that had terrified her.

"Kill it! Kill it! Kill it!"

It, being a rat half-visible under the bed.

Jaune looked from her to it, to her. "You have Aura. Its bites won't even break your skin. Come on, get down from there and let's go."

"Kill it! Kill it! Kill it!" she rattled on in a continuous loop, staying right where she was. He supposed a lifetime of being a squishy person from Earth, lacking Aura, was screaming at her that rats were dangerous creatures.

Too bad, he wasn't about to kill small animals on a whim. Jaune sheathed Crocea Mors and crossed the room over to Tattletale, holding out both arms with the intention to pick the girl up and carry her from the room. In doing so, he walked past the bed.

His shadow must have startled the creature. It leapt for him.

Tattletale screamed. Jaune screamed. The rat screamed, then went splat as Jaune punted it mid-leap into a wall.

What? The damn thing jumped higher than he expected, straight at his descendants. He can be forgiven for panicking a little.

"Is it dead?" Tattletale asked in the ensuing quiet, peeking around him for a better view.

"The bloody smear says yes. Poor guy."

She glared at him as she climbed off the table. "That 'poor guy' was foaming at the corners of its mouth and had bloodshot eyes. The rats are the ones spreading the disease!"

Jaune paled.

"Are we going to be okay? Because we're in a room with it, and I'm pretty sure rats get everywhere in a city."

"Oh god, don't remind me." Tattletale looked ready to camp out on the table again. She rubbed her forehead, thinking. "You said Aura would block their teeth, right? So long as it transfers through biting, we should be safe. The problem would be if it's airborne. I think I found a medicine which can help, but to make sure, can you use your phone—" He corrected her on the terminology, she ignored it— "to pull up the description for this?"

She held out her hand to show him a vial. Composed of a hexagonal glass tube capped by a metal lid, it featured a label proclaiming the glowing red liquid contained inside as 'Sokolov's Elixir'. Taking it, Jaune entered the Marketplace page that detailed his sellable possessions (plus Tattletale).

"Sokolov's Elixir…says here it's a flawed attempt at a cure, only effective for staving off the earliest of onset if you catch the disease—and you were right, they call it the 'Rat Plague'."

For a moment, the validation Tattletale gained from her accurate deduction overcame the wariness at her surroundings, and a beaming smile lit up her face as she fist-pumped in delight. His snickering brought her back down to Remnant, and she tried to play it off.

"A-hem. Of course I'm right. I'm always right. Anyway, we should hang on to the elixir, and keep an eye out for more. Unless we have a way of getting enough Points for some sort of immunity [Skill] or an actual cure from the store, this could save our lives."

"Works for me. 'Blood from the eye' doesn't exactly sound like a good time." Jaune tucked it into a pocket on his poncho, opposite the one carrying the remaining stimpaks from the package he bought and used on Tattletale. "Did you find anything else?"

He asked for the sake of politeness; her empty hands rather answered that question, as the outfit she wore featured neither pocket nor space. To his surprise, the girl shouted an "Ah!" and ducked around him to approach the bed. She then thought better of it, and skipped away while gesturing for him to go ahead.

"There's something behind the bedpost. I was reaching for it when the rat attacked me."

"And now you want me to risk a second rat, is that it?" Jaune groused in faux-outrage, knowing quite well he would have suggested the same plan. Due to his combat training, him scouting from the front lent their party better odds of surviving whatever threat they may face. The wimpy Thinker, not so much.

Propping one knee on the floor, he leaned low, fishing out his own scroll instead of the Company one and turning on the flashlight function. A sweep of the dark corners confirmed no other rodents in sight. Just some pieces of trash, dust, and the aforementioned object lying where Tattletale said it would. The strange shape and feel piqued his curiosity, and after retrieving it, he and Tattletale stood in a huddle to study the thing.

"Looks like a piece of junk," he remarked.

Indeed, the object seemed to lack any clear purpose, a three-pronged contraption made of brass and a milky white material, affixed to a buckle. An odd script decorated the prongs with unfamiliar letters. He tossed it up and down, trying to understand how something with such an awkward shape can rest so comfortably in the palm of his hand.

Tattletale recognized the material before he did.

"Ewww—It's made from bones!"

The obvious concern struck him. "Human?"

A moment of thinking—or perhaps Thinking, as one might call it when superpowers are involved—and she arrived at an answer. "No, it belongs to a bigger creature. Whale or shark, given the nearby sea."

Much relieved, Jaune exhaled a long breath. Nobody ever wants to hear that they were currently inside a cannibal's house, so confirmation otherwise was appreciated.

The scroll gave them a name for the item. Locals refer to it as a 'bone charm'. Tattletale would not stop grinning after they learned she was yet again correct. Jaune let her be, because she had uncovered a gem.


Bone Charm
Universe: Dishonored
Harmless superstition, or foul witchery? Good luck charm, or the conduit to a place Outside?
That's not up to you to decide.
Under certain circumstances, this accessory is capable of granting esoteric abilities. Currently inert, deVoid of a power source.


It was a magic amulet!

Okay, the wording may evoke some (or many) worrying connotations, and the feedback Tattletale suffered from her power when she delved too hard into the item's various implications lent a level of credence to it. For the value of 260 Points and its ease of carry, though? The charm was for sure coming along with him, empowered or not. In fact, he preferred it as-is, a mere trinket he can pawn off at a good price without a debate on the pros and cons of keeping it on hand.

That, after half an hour into the trip? In the literal next room over? Not bad. Delighted by the find, he sported a chipper smile as he practically skipped to the apartment's front entrance.

Following the ignoble start to their adventure that was the battle against a rodent, Jaune and Tattletale opened the doors to a new world.

"Woooow, the city looks as bad out here as in there," Jaune commented. A hop took him from the top of the broken staircase to the ground. Tattletale followed with less grace, but succeeded in sticking the landing.

The surrounding area existed in a state of neglect, vegetation springing up through the cracks and unboarded windows shattered. The worst of the lot was the building opposite him, located at the end of its own lane branching off the main avenue. A grand edifice six stories tall, its supporting structures have collapsed on both sides to leave one rickety tower piercing the sky, wrapped in vines. It swayed in the winds.

Shaking his head at that monument to all building code violations, he walked out onto the street, noting how both ends of the road along with all the alleys were encased in the same type of barricade he saw earlier, and had no easy means to exit. Posters dotting the brick walls advertised theater shows and circus acts, memories of a better time judging by the faded print. His lips curled in distaste at the one boasting of the viciousness of their dog fights, though the poster beside that soon captured his attention.

~The Golden Cat~
The finest ladies in all the Isles
Skilled in the sensual arts!​

My, my.

"You're gawking."

"I'm just surprised since Vale doesn't allow those places to advertise themselves so blatantly. Euphemisms are the order of the day for adult goods and services. It's an academic interest, I assure you."

"Uh-huh." Her voice dripped with doubt. "Come on, let's get out of here. This place is so quiet, it's creepy."

Now, why did she have to remind him? He had almost managed to ignore the deafening silence and what it portends. The sun, the little of it visible through the clouds, sat high in the sky, yet the two of them accounted for the only living souls around. Jaune looked from the top of the tower to the vacant sidewalk, from the face in a window to the darkest nook and cranny, hoping that everyone had departed from the area instead of…well…departed.

Hang on, he saw what in a window?

His gaze snapped towards the second floor of a building adjacent to the tower, a large structure featuring a restaurant or similar on the ground level. He searched for human features behind its curtains.

Nothing. Had it been a trick of the light?

"There are people inside that pub." Tattletale declared with absolute certainty, pointing to the same building.

"You spotted the face, too?"

"Errrr, what face?" Before Jaune could shout 'ghost!' and run screaming, she elaborated. "Someone swept away the muddy tracks leading to the door. The residue is still wet, meaning it was a recent thing. Seven minutes ago, to be precise."

Jaune tried to identify said details, then gave up and accepted her word on the matter. She owned a superpower geared for detecting clues; he'd trust her to know what she was talking about. Besides, mud prints denoted shoes, which meant no ghostly hauntings. People, he could handle just fine.

The pair glanced at each other. Understanding flashed between their eyes, and they shared a nod.

"Alright," Tattletale began, "this is the gameplan—hey!"

Jaune spun around, blinking. "What's wrong? I figured we could just go knock on the door and see if they're in."

"No! I mean, yes we should, but…Oh, nevermind." She slumped, and drudged over to follow him.

Her attitude left him scratching his head, but he proceeded to do just that, approaching the front door to give it three sharp raps. While they waited for a response, he peered at the sign above the entrance, which proclaimed this as the Hound Pits Club. That name spoke volumes of the establishment's favorite pastime.

Once they reached the minute mark, he turned to Tattletale again, jerking a thumb at the pub to ask a silent question. She mimed a walking motion with her fingers.

"Hey there, we're coming in!" he called ahead. With a light push, the door opened.

"Duck!"

Tattletale's warning came too late. An arm slithered around him to seize hold, and the man who had not been behind Jaune a second earlier pressed a blade to his throat.

"Don't move."

So, of course, Jaune did the natural thing for a Huntsman in this situation, and moved. He jerked his head aside, allowing the sword to scour across his neck, painful but failing to leave a scratch on Aura, and snapped a backfist to the assailant's face. Knuckle struck metal, enhanced strength winning out to force the man to let go.

Arming himself with shield and sword, Jaune advanced on his opponent still recovering. He swung his blade. It cut nothing but air.

"How did you do that?" he blurted to the dark-clad figure now standing a few yards from his original position.

"You first." The voice sounded neutral, the man's emotions inscrutable under the metal mask styled in the fashion of an eerie, grinning skull. It was dented where Jaune struck, the damage evidently not enough to take him out of commission. Rather than waiting for an answer, he took a step. A blur, and he vanished to reappear on Jaune's right side, stabbing. The shield deflected it, and the man spun with the motion, slashing Jaune on the cheek. Once more, to little effect.

Trying for a feint, Jaune dipped his shield arm, an opening immediately capitalized on. He tanked the attack, countering with a strike of his own. At this distance, it could not miss. Yet, miss it did, his opponent seeming to teleport right out of his grasp.

The fight approached a stalemate apparent to everyone involved. Jaune failed to connect even one hit, while his opponent cannot land a decisive blow. There was a troubling moment when the man went for a device strapped to his belt, but he changed his mind and left it alone. That act of restraint convinced Jaune to dial back, aiming solely for arms and legs, signaling for the other man to respond in kind.

Further deescalation was derailed by newcomers pouring out of the building. Most of them were garbed in normal, if dated, clothes that marked them as everyday civilians. They wielded clubs and kitchen knives, harmless for a given value of harmless. Jaune dismissed them as serious combatants.

The one at their front was different. His hard-set face was scarred and weathered. Dressed in a military officer outfit one might see from the Great War, festooned with medals, he carried a pistol in one hand and took aim, not at Jaune, but at Tattletale who stood a small distance behind the boy. Without a trace of hesitation, he fired.

…

"Didn't you say that Aura protects me? I would have been fine," muttered Tattletale into his chest.

"I might have forgotten, and getting shot still fucking hurts," Jaune said through gritted teeth. "Also, was it me or was that guy smirking?"

"Uh-huh. He planned on you jumping in front of me. Thinks he'll get an easy shot that way."

"What if I hadn't?"

"Then he expected I'd be dead," she growled, face darkening. "He wouldn't mind that outcome either. Bastard."

The military man seemed to swear by his method, though. Once he got over the sight of a human blocking a bullet with his back—right where the heart was—and living, he raised a second pistol to try again.

Jaune's first opponent appeared by his side, pulling the gun hand to point it at the sky. Their entire group halted to stare at the unexpected development.

"Corvo?"

"You can stop there, Havelock. The boy was disengaging from our battle when you arrived." He then addressed Jaune. "I never intended to harm your life, merely to subdue then ask for the why and how of you locating us. If you lay down your arms, I swear your woman will be safe."

Tattletale squawked in outrage.

Cautiously, Jaune lowered his weapons. When no attacks ensued, he put the sword back in its scabbard. The final test of their promise came when he returned the shield to sheath-form. Aside from some intrigued gazes at the mechanism, in particular from a bespectacled man, they kept to the deal. The newly identified Havelock re-holstered his pistols, and the man named Corvo activated his own mechashift to fold the sword into a compact form.

Jaune has found a compatriot!

"Good." Corvo nodded his thanks. "now, would you mind answering my question?"

Havelock coughed into his hand. "We should retire to a place less open. The district is supposed to be abandoned, but who can say for sure what spectators we might have garnered with the previous commotion." He indicated the Hounds Pit Club for emphasis.

That it would let them surround Jaune and Tattletale went unspoken, though it may also be that he realized the futility of such a trap.

The interior of the pub nailed the classic look that many try to emulate. Or, he supposed, the period-appropriate look. A long wraparound bar, spacious and sturdy. Aged wooden floor, smoothed by years of customer traffic. Booths lined the windows, seats upholstered in red leather. A sense of upscale pretension long since faded permeated the atmosphere.

Most of the inhabitants retreated to the periphery, leaving a select few individuals to handle the matter, the leaders of this outfit if Jaune were to judge. Corvo and Havelock were among them. Another, pinched face sneering, dressed himself in aristocratic fineries. The last sported an austere jacket in black embroidered with gold trimmings. They set themselves at a remove, facing the pair.

Havelock took point on the conversation, manner brusque. "Who are you, and why are you here?"

I'm something like a pirate, here to blunder. Show me to the booty!

"Let me talk." Tattle pushed him aside, even without her superpower able to guess that he was thinking dumb thoughts. To the room, she said, "I'm Taylor, and he's John." She told the lie without even batting an eye. "We're—"

"Are we truly going to entertain this harlot's farce?"

The room froze stock still, and the temperature dropped to below zero. Tattletale's friendly smile transformed into one much more vicious as she glared at the aristocratic man.

"Excuse me?" she hissed, eyes narrowed to slits.

Corvo interceded, "Pendleton, I advise that you recant your words. They are currently our guests—"

"I'm sorry, but are you blind to her attire?" He swept a hand up and down to indicate the supervillainess's costume, then pointed at Jaune. "And accompanied by a 'John' to boot? They were obviously looking for a place to rut. Just dump their bodies in the river and be done with it. Unless we can make a deal…" A lecherous grin grew on his face.

Tattletale skipped two steps to stand behind Jaune, putting her body out of the man's view, and stuck out her tongue over Jaune's shoulder. "Yuck! Never in a million years, old man! And curb that bloodthirst. Your attack dog won't do squat to us." She turned to Corvo, shrugging in mock helplessness. "What? That's how he thinks of you. Strange, though. He believes you can take us on even after that display outside. Ah ha ha, it's because you managed to do the impossible in his eyes. Murder, but not a simple murder." Her eyes flicked from face to face. "Someone important, someone secured in his seat of power. Very impressive. And that's not close to being the last target."

Jaune's fingers inched towards his sword as intense gazes centered on them.

"I know not what dreamful substance has you under its sway, but I would be cautious of bandying about wild accusations were I you," Havelock warned.

"Awww, don't call me a liar, not when you're all traitors." The tension ratcheted up another notch. "Or do you prefer freedom fighters? Loyalists? You were an admiral, weren't you? But the regime change put an end to that." Tattletale glanced from him to Corvo. She read his posture, and what she gleaned there cut short her scathing diatribe. "Who is she?"

Panicked, the last man said to the others in a rush, "They know too much. We can't let them leave."

Holstered weapons made their return to hands. Jaune replied in kind, armed and ready for renewed hostilities. Notably, everyone on that side sent expectant looks towards Corvo. The 'attack dog' moniker might be insulting, but not inaccurate, then. At least, they seem to acknowledge him as the best fighter among their group.

Corvo did not oblige them. When he brought his hands up, they were empty, held with palms outward in the universal—and apparently multiversal—'calm down' gesture.

"Given the information you may or may not possess, what are your intentions towards us?"

Tattletale opened her mouth, pausing when Jaune nudged her in warning. They were one step away from a complete breakdown of diplomacy. She rolled her eyes, before giving the room a bright smile. No one was fooled.

"Well, we want payment, of course." Under her breath, she added onto her statement to dispel Jaune's alarm. "Follow my lead. Trust me." Then, louder. "We're for hire! Think of us as troubleshooters of a sort. I'm the brain, he's the brawn. We take care of problems others cannot."

Him, merely the brawn? This slight shall not go unpunished.

"He is, as you witnessed, an absolute juggernaut, capable of shrugging off bullets and blades with nary an injury. Who among you can boast the same?"

Yet, as her boon companion, he must back her up in these circumstances. Yup, yup. Jaune played along and flexed his arms, elated at the flattery.

"As for me—"

"What my partner lacks in might, she compensates for with her astounding intellect." Jaune lowered his arms, resting one on Tattletale's shoulder. She tolerated it, preening at the compliment he paid. "Secrets cannot hide from her eyes, as you have experienced for yourselves."

"You're trying to infiltrate a location," Tattletale, unable to help showing off, further demonstrated. She read a new detail off Pendleton, and used the tidbit to elaborate. "A brothel."

Jaune spread the other arm out wide as if to invite applause for a magic trick. In fact, one person at the far end of the pub did exactly that, sending Tattletale's ego to the stratosphere. The rest were not far behind in their amazement, even if they hid it better.

Hell, he himself had to admit that it was a neat ruse, wowing people with knowledge she can't possibly have access to. Professional fake-psychics would kill to own her ability.

"In short," Tattletale concluded her pitch, "whatever it is you need, an extraction plan for the little girl or a bodyguard who would not blink at withstanding lethal attacks during the rescue, there's nobody in the world more suited than us!"

Jaune whispered at her from the corner of his mouth. "I'm down with the idea, but why are you so agreeable to this?"

An innocent person in captivity? Sign him up for the mission. That Tattletale pushed for it was a pleasant surprise. She might be sweeter than she let on.

"The girl in question is royalty," she whispered in reply.

Royalty, the implication being that her safe return was worth a whole lot of gold coins and magic amulets. With that piece of information, Jaune questioned Tattletale no further; it fitted what he knew thus far of her character to a tee.

An examination of the pub indicated a favorable reception. The civilians were the most impressed, but he doubted they held much sway over any decisions made given their deference to the smaller cadre before him. Havelock wore an expression almost akin to excitement—it was difficult to tell for sure on that rockface of his. That he had removed his hands from his pistols said it clearer than words can; he very much liked the sales pitch. The still-unnamed man appeared interested, tapping his chin in thought. Pendleton continued to glare but Jaune attributed that to the total rejection he received from Tattletale and him raging about it. Their final member, Corvo…

"The thing you see is blank to me."​

…he stood unmoving in an odd pose, arms crossed with a cupped palm open to the ceiling. The skull mask revealed nothing of his opinion, though it spoke volumes of the influence that the 'attack dog' wielded in how the others waffled one way or another without coming to a conclusion as they waited on him.

And, finally, Corvo broke his silence, choosing to give neither acceptance nor rejection, but a test.

"Answer me this: how would you get inside the Golden Cat brothel quietly?"

"Why not go in through the front door?"

Everyone, Tattletale included, stared at Jaune. In the unsettling silence, he scratched his cheek, nervous and wondering if he said something stupid.

He had very little inkling of how a brothel operated when it came to the nitty-gritty details, since he never entered one, but the classical model of the business set itself up as essentially another brick-and-mortar shop, right? Customers go there to purchase services and whatnot. The ad poster they slapped on the wall outside denoted its status as a legal enterprise; the place should therefore be publicly accessible rather than hidden, leading to even fewer hoops to jump through than, say, one of the unlicensed brothels in Vale.

The snooty aristocrat was the first to recover, laughing in his face. "Haha! Yes! We'll just have a wanted man walk where he pleases. What could go wrong?" The laugh shifted to a snarl. "Fool!"

Sheesh. They could have just mentioned that caveat beforehand.

Tattletale came to his rescue, interrupting, "Hang on, people. He's got a good idea going. Each one of you is a known party, but us?" She pointed at Jaune, then at herself. "We're strangers, free to go in. It would be a simple matter from there to act as his lookouts and support squad, passing along information for Corvo to complete the mission. Should things go wrong, he'll have a second fighter on hand to cover his retreat. How about it?"

The cadre looked at each other.

"We must confer on this," Havelock declared.

Jaune and Tattletale were bade to rest at a booth, while the four men retreated to a different table, within view but out of earshot. There, they discussed the merits of the suggested plan.

-o-​

An admiral, an assassin, and two blonds gathered around a sewer access hatch. No, this was not the start of a joke.

"We do not know what's down there."

"You do. That guy scouted it out earlier."

"Therefore, your task is to identify the source of the recent noises."

"People. Sick people. They've gone mad at this stage of the plague and will attack us on sight. There, test completed."

With how Havelock's teeth were grinding, Jaune would not be surprised if they ended up as stumps. The man's sinking mood contrasted the smug grin growing on Tattletale's face.

With great effort, the former (though don't say that to his face) admiral nodded to confirm her deductions.

"As you say. However, we will reserve judgment of your capabilities until we see results."

This band of monarchic loyalists may be amenable to the idea of hiring them, but Jaune suspected Tattletale's continued presence would reverse that opinion within the next ten minutes if he did not interfere. She has a gift, and to stop her from sharing it with everyone else, Jaune hooked his arm around hers.

"Come along, Chatterbox," he said, pulling the girl towards the hole in the ground. Not too deep, the drop to the walkway below measured about ten feet by eyeball estimate. They never installed a ladder, necessitating a jump.

They landed in a tunnel. Dark, dank, built of bricks and low enough that Jaune had to stoop. Someone above must have flipped a switch, because a lone light turned on at the corner ahead, the sole path forward from their position. Jaune and Tattletale shared a look, then started walking.

"She carries the scent of far-off shores. It carries no scent at all."​

Taking the turn let them enter the main area proper. The actual sewage pipes were tacked onto an existing tunnel network, which spanned the width of a city street and featured a path running along the side. The surface of the walkway was dry, to their relief. Fishermen boots or not, wading through filth would have sucked. Broken boats in the shallow water and sunlight beaming in from a sea entrance told the tale of a smuggler's den once upon a time.

Jaune took a step, but paused as he felt a tap on his arm. He turned to ask what Tattletale needed. His eyebrows raised at her response.

"Can you turn off Blank?"

"I'd prefer not to. You understand exactly why." Jaune deadpanned.

"I'm serious."

So was he. Still, he waited for her to explain.

"I should have asked you the moment we got to this world. I didn't expect we'd run into danger so soon. We're in known hostile territory now, though, and during an op, I need a full grasp of the available information, which you interfere with. The wrong conclusions can get us killed. Being able to use my power lets me stay on the same page as you, to better work together. Some privacy in the day to day is fine, but…sometimes the situation demands otherwise." She finished with a shrug, leaving him to ponder her words.

With a mental click, the defenses of Blank came down.

"...Just like that?"

"Were you lying?"

"Uh-uh."

The cheeky smile said otherwise.

"That's my normal smile." she protested, not even noticing that she was once again holding conversations with his unspoken thoughts.

"He lied to the girl who believed him most; she tricked him with a kiss."​

"Yeah, yeah. Just remember that I can turn it back on whenever I like."

To their dismay, the path terminated further down, only resuming after a lengthy gap. The metal catwalk meant to span the intervening distance had collapsed into the water. A nearby door renewed Jaune's hope that they could advance while remaining on dry land, but it was locked.

"You really, really do take me to the best places, Jaune," Tattletale remarked as they waded into the mix of seawater and sewage. She looked ill, her superpower revealing all sorts of details about what she was stepping in. "They disposed of bodies here. People. Dogs, too. And…there's a vibration in the water. I'm not sure why."

"Did you get anything on our target?"

A noise came from around the bend, a hacking cough. Then, the sound of vomiting.

"They're close."

What an astute observation.

"And it's targets. Plural." She mulled it over, listening for more sounds. "Two of them. One closer than the other."

That was part of the test, wasn't it? Either Tattletale detected the second threat, or it would catch them with their guards down.

Peeking past the corner, they spotted a figure on a walkway. Jaune's first look of a person infected with the plague affirmed his resolve to chug down those elixirs by the barrel. Pale, waxy skin pockmarked by gouges, either from scratching himself raw or from the insects that wriggled in and out of their living nest. Two streams of blood dripped down the man's face. A black sludge poured from his mouth. He alternated between piteous moans and snarls.

A change in perspective, and Jaune observed the target as a foe. A stumbling gait, uncoordinated. Empty hands, no weapons to speak of. The maddened mind removed the possibility of tactics or skills. A negligible threat.

"I'll take care of this." Jaune climbed onto the walkway.

The infected person heard the sound a sword makes when it withdrew from a scabbard, and turned in their direction. Shield raised, sword prepped for a stab, Jaune advanced towards the plague-carrier, on guard for the moment they would attack.

The man– the thing, it shambled down the corridor, stretching its arms wide to catch Jaune. It would not succeed. He aimed his blade and—

"Jaune, don't kill him! Just knock him out!"

Adapting, he twisted the sword, lifting it to bonk the infected person on the head with the flat of the blade. They promptly collapsed, unconscious.

"What was that, Tattletale?"

The girl caught up with him, and spared a glance both disgusted and pitying to the body at their feet.

"He wasn't hostile, not really. The body language said he was glad to see you. There's enough of a mind left in there to think of seeking help, but he didn't realize he might spread the disease to us that way."

Oh.

"Good job. Thanks for warning me." He would have regretted it, he thought, had he killed the man and found that out afterward.

"Eeeeeeargh…"

As one, they looked to the source of that groan. Out of the gloom appeared another figure, similar to the first in displaying symptoms of the Rat Plague. The difference was, this one retained surer legs, outright sprinting at them.

"Is that a cry for help, too?"

Tattletale shook her head, and hid behind him. "He's hoping to murder and eat us. I dun wanna be dinner, Jaune."

"Got it."

He returned his sword into its scabbard, then used the entire thing to none so gently whack the charging berserker upside the head as he came within range. Momentum sent the body sliding across the ground for a bit, stopping right before it would drop in the water.

"Nice!" he complimented his own feat. A conundrum soon arose, however. "Do you have handcuffs on you?"

Tattletale spun to show all sides of herself, then spread her hands helplessly.

Right. No pockets. He eyed the nearby branch tunnel.

"What do you think of splitting up? You'll guard them, and I'll keep going."

"Nope. No way. That's how people die in movies, Jaune. Besides, without me spotting the signs, you could well get ambushed. It's safest that we stick together."

"Alright, but that does mean we might need to knock them out a second time on the way back."

"She hates being alone, it reminds her of home."​

At a glance, the next stretch of the tunnel was clear of plague victims. Before they traveled down it, Tattletale directed him to an abandoned cabinet next to the water. It had a note sitting on top that she immediately snatched up to read.

Jaune, on the other hand, picked up the object laying inside the opened cabinet, recognizing its style despite the different shape. The slab of whalebone was as big as his hand, supported by metal clamps and decorated with abstract markings. Individual bits and pieces of the art reminded Jaune of different things—a sword, a chair, a clock… a compass maybe—yet the whole of the thing seemed nonsensical at best.

Sellable. That's the important word to remember.

"What did the note say?"

Tattletale crumpled up the letter and tossed it over her shoulder. "Nothing you want to know. By the by, I recommend getting rid of that thing the first chance you get."

Jaune checked the amount of Points he could get for it, and agreed. The first chance he gets after they leave this world, it's gone. What great value. He would like ten more of these 'runes' to bring back, please and thank you.

"Also, if Cthulhu rises from the deep, I'm abandoning you."

The random quip drew out a laugh from him. "Yeah, okay. Except, I can outrun you. If tentacles and fish people start appearing, they'll catch you before me."

Wait a minute, how come she knew of a Remnant fiction?

…

Best not to think about it. Tattletale clearly was, and her sickened face said nothing good.

"Ready to move on?"

"Definitely. I have a sudden and urgent need to be far away from the sea."

Of a like mind, they turned around.

A skull stared at them out of the darkness.

"AAAAAAA—"

"—AHHHHHH!"

"Hm. Work on that," Corvo advised the screaming, hyperventilating teens. "Maintaining one's composure is crucial to a successful mission." He indicated the bodies, now secured with ropes. "Well done subduing the weepers. I will inform Havelock that you have completed the task. Go wash up, there are rooms prepared for you."

-o-​

Jaune awoke in the middle of the night, shivering.

The chill seeped to his very bones, and burrowing into the blanket did nothing to stave it off. He twisted and turned for a minute or two, trying to rub warmth back in his arms, then decided on a different course when that failed to improve the situation. Maybe the heat needed restarting, and everybody was in bed hoping someone else would deal with it. That he had not one clue of how a Dustless system worked can be surmounted by grit and ingenuity. Probably.

Sitting up, he panned his gaze around the room.

"Huh. Lisa's not here."

Had the whispers of the pub's inhabitants gotten to her? They had certainly responded with scandal when the girl, distrustful of the rebels, insisted on bunking with him for safety. It was the sort of tut-tutting one would hear from prudish busybodies aghast at the very notion of opposite sexes existing in proximity before marriage, only more prevalent in this world's society than his own. Tattletale said it matched with a general attitude typical of an era from her world called Victoria England.

She acted blasé about it earlier, but who knows? The opinions of others have a way of getting to a person.

He did wonder how she moved her bed out of the room without waking him. Or why. The place was more empty than not, and possessed free beds aplenty.

Odd.

Slipping on his shoes, he walked to the door and pulled it open.

…

Jaune blinked in confusion.

He should have entered a hallway. What laid before his eyes was another bedroom. Half a bedroom. It had one wall. Above that stretched an endless void. He took a step forward, and nearly fell through a gap in the floor. Below that, nothingness.

Jaune grabbed onto the door frame, his breaths coming short and shallow. Frantic, he cast his eyes every which way. As he did, he began to pick out certain details.

The posters that hung on the bedroom wall. A video game console and the projector that would turn a scroll into a viewing screen. Comics and books on the shelves, titles he could recite by heart. A desk.

A set of papers laying atop an envelope, yet to be sent. He recalled this day.

Only…instead of a blond teenager agonizing over the crime he was about to commit, someone else stood before the desk. A man older than him by a year or two. Not much can be said of his plain features. Sickly pale, he had dark hair, cut short.

The false transcripts did not garner his attention. He was looking at a poster set above, of a Huntsman and a Huntress posing heroically to the backdrop that was a shining beacon of light.

Turning to Jaune, the young man with black eyes greeted him.

"Hello, cheater."

Author's Notes: No hell, below uuuus. Above us, only skyyyyy~
Don't fall in, though.

The Heart speaks, but can you hear it?
Stories:
QQ Sneaking His Way into the Multiverse , a RWBY Jaune, WC-lite mechanics story.
Other RWBY stories on AO3 or FF - Yakuza Arc | Conquered Menagerie: Annals of the Sixth Kingdom | Cat, Bunny, and the Good Ship Honey Starbright | The Agent
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, RSR2000, Odd1todd89 and 858 others
LazyAutumnMoon
Aug 6, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 11: We Arm Ourselves for Queen and Country
View content
LazyAutumnMoon
LazyAutumnMoon
We all need Sundancer in our life.
JoinedJun 7, 2024
Messages289
Likes received68,284
Aug 14, 2024
Add bookmark
#106
Confused, unbalanced, Jaune still had the wherewithal to level an unamused look at the stranger.

"Rude."

The man tilted his head, and Jaune suppressed a shiver as he received the full effect of those unnatural, pitch-black eyeballs focusing on him. Light just…dies in them.

"Do you object to the appellation? Pardon me. I intended no offense, and am merely conveying what I have observed."

So the man said, and the tone almost sounded contrite, but the unchanging expression made it difficult to believe his apology. Also, didn't the last part boil down to the same insult, worded in a different way? Jaune mulled over the line in his mind, then scowled as he arrived at the conclusion that, yes, it did. Indignation spurred him to retort.

"If that's an honest mistake, then I'll eat my boots."

Shadowy wisps coalesced into a pair of sneakers. Identical to the ones on his feet, they bobbed up and down in front of him, striving to appear tasty.

Ghost! Ahhhh!

Outwardly, Jaune projected calm; the first rule of fighting Grimm was that you don't panic, and it's a lesson applicable to most combat situations, whether that involved giant monsters, teleporting assassins, or footwear-summoning poltergeists. You know, the usual. No bigs. He's got this.

Jaune batted the shoes aside. "Haha, very funny. Who are you, and what's with calling me a cheater?...Also, where are we? How did I get here? What did you do to Tattletale? Why does this look like my room? Frankly, I've got so many questions." Oh great, he's panicking.

"Most do, when they are drawn into this realm," the stranger said as he leaned on the desk, arms crossed. "As to your first question, I am the Outsider." A shrug. "Yes, not much of a name, is it? That was lost to the Void an age ago. If you happen to find it, do let me know. In any case, you see why I put stock in one's nature over one's name."

"And your no-doubt stellar judgment says my nature is a cheater?" Jaune hoped this 'Outsider' heard loud and clear the skepticism laden in his tone. He worked hard on it.

"Can you say that I am wrong? Take a look at where you began." The man swept a hand around the bedroom. "Here lies the destiny of Jaune Arc. Small town boy to small town man, to small town end. His life was short and sweet." His other hand picked up the sheaf of papers on the desk, holding them in a way that allowed Jaune to read his own name on the fake transcripts. "But then, one day he concocted a falsehood, and that fate was no more. Cheating got him ahead when honesty could not."

Erk. Point.

"That was a one-off thing," he protested.

"So you often tell yourself. It is not everyday that I meet a man who can fool even his own person. You have a gift."

The Outsider let go of the transcripts. Rather than falling, the papers defied gravity to float off into the vast emptiness above. The brief distraction drew Jaune's focus, and once he lowered his gaze, the other man had vanished with a swirl of smoke fading away in his wake.

"I would not tarry in one place overlong," said the Outsider's disembodied voice. "The Void abhors permanence."

No sooner were those words spoken, a rumbling passed through the copy of Jaune's bedroom. Books dropped off their shelves and the floor began to buckle, wood planks snapping from the strain. He had scarcely a second to leap forward when the previous spot he stood in crumbled to pieces.

Jaune stared at the debris falling in a descent he suspected might go on forever. Loathe as he was to heed this Outsider, running seemed the necessary move at the moment.

With a last longing glance at his home, Jaune sped across the small landmass, sneakers pounding on stone as dark as the Outsider's gaze. The path ahead tapered to a point. Lacking a choice, he ran down it. Relief flooded him as a second island situated below the one he was on drew into view past the approaching edge. He made that his destination and leaped for it upon the final step.

The best that could be said of his landing was that he avoided a faceplant. Hands and knees took the brunt of the impact, with him collapsing in a heap on the ground afterward. He bit down on a yelp as the freezing surface touched his bare skin. Colder than the frigid air, cold enough to hurt, mere seconds of contact and he was already forced to push himself upright.

The gasp came unbidden.

What lay before him was not a barren rock in a sea of nothingness anymore, but the shining Beacon, emerald tower and all. Three familiar faces stood on the front steps, motion stopped midway as they waved to him. Tears sprang to Jaune's eyes…and the black-eyed bastard ruined it by reappearing at his side, propping an arm on his shoulder.

Don't act like we're friends or anything!

"Ah, the vaunted halls of future heroes. The first lie may have allowed you entrance, yet I say the lies that followed did their part to maintain the fiction."

"...You're not wrong, I'll admit, but I've since earned a spot there."

"Of course, and the manner in which you accomplished it was pure art. Almost a year, you've survived, scrambling from one mishap to another until you cement your presence among greater individuals, accepted as their equal despite starting out with nothing but a false pretense. Aside from those in possession of prior knowledge, only a single person ever suspected, and she turned into your greatest ally."

On that last point, they agreed. Pyrrha went above and beyond their friendship to help strengthen him. He owed her much.

The Outsider turned around, letting go of Jaune to cross his arms. Jaune likewise spun to look in that direction, and paled as he recognized himself. Whoo, boy, were a lot of his insides outside.

"All that, just to lead here, where the choices you've made brought you to a poor end. The world tumbles down. Your partner sets off to meet her destiny."

Jaune experienced a vision of fire. He heard his own scream, sounding broken.

Whatever that was, he did not like it.

"Then, there you were, bleeding out on the ground, your blade mortally wounding the hero of the story."

Boots crunched on rocks as the Outsider walked over and knelt at the side of the second body. Tousled black hair framed a handsome face, one twisted into a hateful grimace. Eyes of a gemlike green sent a redundant promise of death to the other Jaune.

"What a nasty way to go. The regrets, the disbelief. He never truly realized he could die. He thought his fun will continue forever. I would have enjoyed his story, the birth of a new god. Such plans he had, brought low by an unlikely source, the one true deed you've accomplished in life. And yet…"

This time, the ground broke without warning. Jaune lost sight of the Outsider as he fell. Rocks and bricks transformed to dark wisps around him, obscuring his sight as he struck the next slab of stone. They cleared to reveal the looming visage of a beast. Leviathan.

The Outsider was sitting on its shoulder.

"And yet, it would not be the last. Someone who should be dead, broke the rules and lived again," the Outsider said. He observed not the monster, but the girl standing beside a statue copy of Jaune, her fists clenched in determination. "In a different future, she would at this moment lay on a cot in a medical tent, half the bones in her body shattered as she clings on to life. The thing you call Leviathan would be just outside, having thoroughly broken the city's defenders."

Jaune startled. "Would Sundancer have—"

"Died? Perhaps. That future ceased to exist when she mistook you for a hero and marched to your beat, realizing too late that you had no idea what you were doing. Astounding, that she used your example of all things to grow into a real hero herself."

"Well, I'm glad I went to Brockton Bay if that's the case." His voice cracked near the end, visions of Sundancer's fate otherwise playing in his head.

Silence answered him. Turning his head this way and that, Jaune searched for the Outsider. No luck, but he did see a jagged set of stairs formed by the island leading up to a smaller platform.

Ascending to the top, Jaune faced the exterior of the Hound Pits Pub. The Outsider reformed next to a window, leaning on the wall. On the other side of the glass, the core members of the Loyalist plot were deep in discussion. As Jaune neared, the man addressed him.

"When did it happen? Lies turning into truths, words giving rise to actions. Your appearance in this world allowed me to observe your past, the tale of what I in my haste deemed a most uninteresting soul. I then watched as you derailed your story again and again, before moving on to a new stage to do the same. Now, the twice-lived boy boldly pulls at the threads of a story marked by my influence."

A theory reared its head as backhanded praises heaped upon backhanded praises, suggesting to Jaune that the neutral tone conveyed approval more than animosity or sarcasm. It would require a mind alien towards normal sensibilities to compliment his unfortunate penchant for deceit, which…sounded all too possible with this guy.

"You're not angry at me, are you?"

"In some ways, anger is beyond me. I was… mildly vexed, perhaps, in the beginning. Yet, I asked myself, why should I be?" Peering inside the pub, the Outsider continued, voice growing even duller if that was possible. "This world has gotten so stale. The same old places, the same old faces. They play out a tired game, and the flashes of their brilliance to light up my existence in this cold, dark Void are few and far in between. Before your arrival, I would have wished for an ending to it all."

"Is that not the case now?"

"No. Today, I rediscovered a feeling long faded, a yearning to witness something new. Look what you've done to me." He turned to show his face. His completely blank face. "For the first time in a very long time, I cannot guess the way the story goes. How exciting."

"Honestly? I can't tell. You've got one of those faces," Jaune deadpanned. "But that's what I am to you? Some kind of show?"

"A show, a possibility, a change. What fun you promise to be, the one who cheated life, cheated death, cheated everybody you've ever met."

"I mean… there's Tattletale?"

"Give it time. I believe in you."

Ouch. The words hit harder when he knew it's earnest.

"Still, one never tapdances on quicksand for long. I've seen it enough times to tell you a single slip is all it takes. You, as you are, would be hard pressed to go much further past the shores of Dunwall. I can help with that." He extended a hand. "I shall grant you my Mark."

"Your Mark?"

"Power." was the simple reply. It seized Jaune's undivided attention.

Cautious, he asked, "Why give that so freely? What's the catch?"

"Color me curious. There is no catch but the ones you make for yourself. As another being once did, I am wagering on your potential."

Jaune got the feeling that Ozpin and the Outsider diverged on their definitions of potential. Likely, it was akin to the difference between a hero and a clown.

"I really hate that attitude of yours, thinking I'd have to dance to your tune."

"Then, I suppose you ought to do something about it, unless you enjoy the life of a leaf buffeted by the winds." The Outsider leaned forward. Black eyes bore into Jaune, rooting him in place. "Where will you go from here?"

With a yelp, Jaune grabbed his left hand. The sensation of heat seared the limb from within, unquenchable by the freezing winds around him.

On the back of his hand, lines emerged, etching a familiar design. The symbol he had seen on the whalebone rune became emblazoned on his skin, flashing a brief golden light before it settled into a dark tattoo.

"Let's find out."

Jaune tried to reply, but paused as a shape drifted into view behind the Outsider. A great whale swam its way across the Void. Beyond the display of magic, the scenes from his memories, and the branding, it was the appearance of the fish that overcame the false impression of reality reinforced by the biting cold he felt to his bones. Sheer absurdity brought epiphany.

Oh, I think I'm in a dream.

As if on cue, Jaune's eyes fell shut, and his consciousness fled.

-o-​

Jaune awoke to warmth, body buried under a blanket. He pressed his face into the pillow to block out the rays of sunlight beaming through the window.

Suddenly, his eyes snapped open. Vivid memories of the dream sent him scrambling out of bed, and he cast a wary gaze around the room, exhaling in relief when he spied the bed Tattletale slept in yesterday. Things were as they should be. She had left the room, but that could just be a case of getting breakfast or washing her face.

He checked his hand. The Mark stared back at him.

Or, maybe, she had been abducted by a black-eyed entity.

Grabbing Crocea Mors, Jaune inched over to the door and cracked it open, ready to retreat at a moment's notice. A hallway greeted him in place of the Void. Mundane, boring, safe. He threw the door back to step out of the room.

The hustle and bustle of people elsewhere in the building marked a busy morning full of activity. Something was cooking, going by the scent wafting from below. A raucous din on the next floor up seemed a possible candidate for his companion's handiwork.

"Ah, John. Just the person I wanted to see!"

Jaune turned in the other direction to see the admiral, Farley Havelock, exiting his personal quarters. The older man looked a lot more jovial this morning, scarred face smiling to suggest he was not in any way the type to shoot an unarmed girl as bait. He beckoned for Jaune to approach.

"Are you amenable to a spot of exercise in the practice yard?"

"Not to offend, but can it wait? I'm about to go check up on Tat—Taylor."

"That…girl?" A scowl stole over Havelock's countenance, and he loaded the word 'girl' with the sort of emotions one would reserve for fouler epithets. Tattletale, what did you do? "She is with the womenfolk, I believe. Leave them to it. Come, this will not take long. I would like to get the measure of the man I am sending on a mission, you understand?"

He phrased it as a request. His insistence said otherwise. Begrudgingly, Jaune agreed that the man had a valid point, in that a job like abducting a princess from the people who abducted her in the first place called for the best of the best—or two people claiming such credentials, at least—and verifying that was a simple matter of prudence. Annoying, but valid nevertheless.

"Fair enough. I'll eat breakfast, then join you."

"A few drills will improve your appetite." No, he didn't need help there, he's already hungry. "It won't be but a moment. Come."

…Haaaaa.

"You know what, I could do with a spar after all. Lead on."

"Capital!"

The admiral would not say that if he was capable of peering into Jaune's mind. No chance to wash his face, no bacon, no coffee!? Someone will die today.

Jaune accompanied Havelock to the rear entrance of the pub that led to the spacious loading yard, once used to move casks of wines and beers produced in the adjacent brewery to other ports along the coast. At the far end, a warehouse hemmed in the area, while an outbuilding sitting on the opposite side hosted a workshop out of which emanated the occasional zap and clang. From this vantage point, Jaune could see the bridge that a former owner had built to connect the pub's fourth floor to the nearby derelict tower, using the eyesore as a secondary residence. The tall walls on three fronts afforded a level of privacy to their activities.

Unfortunately, said activities did not include a spar where Jaune can 'accidentally' swing for the admiral's nose, nor was it a simple exercise session. Instead, Havelock summoned the bespectacled man from yesterday—Piero Joplin, who resided in the workshop—to run a series of tests on Jaune's capability. Lifting weights, timed runs, even an arrow-dodging trial that doubled as an experiment on durability, Joplin was giddy as a child on his birthday at witnessing the perks of Aura. A brief conversation revealed him to be a prolific inventor and scholar, with the man inviting Jaune and Tattletale to pay him a visit prior to setting out—while bringing Crocea Mors along for him to study, of course.

His enthusiasm in regards to Aura was matched by that of Havelock. The admiral oversaw the testing with a critical eye at first; he changed his tune as Jaune carried barrels of ale on his shoulders that should each have required two men to lift, or drop from the roof to the ground unscathed. By the end, the man was left shaking his head in awe, even clapping for feats he deemed particularly impressive.

"How?" he asked. "What are you?"

Jaune shrugged. "Eh, it's no big deal where I'm from."

"Where is that, by the way? I've sailed to every corner of the Empire, but your accent eludes me. There's a touch of the Poolwick lilt to the way you talk, yet it does not quite fit."

Uh oh. "I came from that region thereabout, far out in the sticks. A real backwater town that you wouldn't ever hear of."

"Is that so?" Havelock expressed his doubts. "And you say this level of prowess is common there? Can anyone learn it, or is it due to one's bloodline? If you wouldn't mind, I have a number of colleagues who may be interested in studying your case."

He missed Worm. His excuses worked a lot better when superpowers were commonplace. People asked fewer questions. Hoping to avoid further scrutiny, Jaune brought out the big guns.

"Oh, look. A distraction!" He pivoted on the balls of his feet, prepared to run, but stumbled as the unthinkable happened.

Havelock did not turn around.

Jaune stared at him in complete disbelief. How? HOW!? That always works. You call out 'distraction' and people become distracted. It's–it's built into the collective psyche or something, practically a rule of the universe!

"I— well— Boy, am I hungry. This has been fun, but I really should go. Laters!"

Run for it!

Ducking inside the pub, Jaune slammed the door shut behind him, and hurried down the corridor to escape from the error back there. Amidst panic, he retained the presence of mind to detour through the kitchen, absconding with a plate of eggs, bacon, and bread along with a few apples, afterward retreating to the upper floors.

On the second floor landing, he paused upon catching a hushed conversation between two women on the stairs above.

"She refused to wear it! Refused!"

"What did you expect? You heard how Lord Pendleton was ranting about her last night."

"I thought the old pervert was exaggerating! You wouldn't think it true, seeing how well she takes care of herself."

The other person sneered. "It's wasted on her. Hair soft as silk, skin fair as a princess…and not an ounce of decency to speak of. Callista nearly had conniptions when she wouldn't tighten the corset."

"And what she did to Emma? I can still hear the poor girl crying from here."

"...I actually enjoyed that. Never liked her. Too uppity."

It sounded like Tattletale was having trouble making friends with the Loyalists. And having a blast tearing those same people apart.

Jaune circled the balustrade to continue ascending the staircase, though he was unsure if he would be heading up there to lend the girl a supportive hand or to rescue everyone else from her brand of trouble. The two women noticed him and their talk devolved into stammering, embarrassment mixed with worry. He regarded them with chilliness to indicate that he had overheard what they said.

"I'm looking for my friend." He pointed past them. "Has she finished with whatever she's doing?"

Flustered, the woman on the left frantically nodded, but her partner hemmed and hawed. Jaune cocked an eyebrow at the latter, prompting in her a change of heart.

"F-finished. Right. I suppose that she is." A hint of distaste remained in her words. Before Jaune could address it, the voice of Tattletale rang out above them.

"John, is that you there? Please tell me you have food, I'm starviiiing!"

He did have food. His food. Good luck to her getting any of it. Hoisting the plate high, he skirted around the group on the stairs. Whispers followed him.

"I take it back. That man is the one with skin like a princess."

"He's wasted on her, too."

"W-wait, is he going to—?"

A door sat ajar just off the landing with commotions heard within. Jaune knocked on it twice, then entered the large common room when Tattletale shouted for him to come in.

A gasp sounded out behind him, echoed by others inside. One of them, a stern woman in her forties, covered her mouth with a hand, absolutely appalled at the sight of some guy holding a plate.

What was her deal?

Distinctly uncomfortable, he scanned the room for Tattletale, spotting her in front of a mirror. She fluttered her fingers at him in the reflection.

She looked…different.

Rather than the black and purple bodysuit, Tattletale donned a dress in the fashion one would see in a museum, the kind that a person can properly flounce in, all frills and ruffles and lace. Her blond hair had been braided and tied into a bun. Gone was her mask, and its absence softened her features. She appeared as a normal, well-mannered young lady from a wealthy family with no connection to her alter ego.

As he joined her, she twirled to show off the dress.

"Nihihi~ You look so surprised. Like it?"

He scoffed, playing off his thoughts by giving a 'so-so' gesture. Her knowing grin told him he was less than successful. To deflect, he asked about the fancy clothes.

"It's part of the plan. The Golden Cat caters to the nobility, and to go through its doors, we have to dress the part. More importantly…" She licked her lips. The 'rich girl' impression went out the window as she eyed the plate of breakfast. "Gimme some~"

Jaune danced out of her reach. "No way, this is mine! Besides, it might stain your dress."

"Oh, fuck off with that! I'll just have another set rush-ordered."

She darted from one side of him to the other, hands grabbing. He may be faster, but she deciphered his movements the instant he twitched a muscle, and soon poached slices of his bacon—a heinous crime. To prevent further theft, he began chomping down on the remaining pieces.

A cough interrupted their antics. Mouths full, they turned to the side. The stern woman, arms crossed and one foot tapping, glared back.

"The Lord Pendleton has graciously agreed to a set budget for this venture. Do not waste his generosity." She seemed to draw strength as she talked, and strode forward to loom over Tattletale. "Put that down, girl, and we will continue your fitting."

Jaune considered looming over the woman to see how she liked it, but Tattletale waved him down. She wiped her lips with the back of her hand—the stern woman's eye twitched at the poor (and deliberate) etiquette—then heaved a dramatic sigh.

"That's too bad." So sweet, so fake, her voice raised a shiver up one's spine. "I guess there is a limit to Pendleton's loyalty for the crown, despite what he claims. Don't worry, Carol, I'll let Corvo know and we can switch to a new plan."

All pretenses of authority shattered in a heartbeat, and the older woman immediately caved to the teenager.

"T-That won't be necessary! A small matter like this is clearly beneath Sir Attano!"

"Clearly," Tattletale drawled; she oozed with self-satisfaction. "Send for another dress. No, two."

Amidst a flurry of activity, Jaune leaned down to whisper in Tattletale's ear. "How much of this amazing plan of yours was designed to rip off Pendleton?"

"No comment." She averted her eyes, expression coy.

Another round of whispers erupted from the rest of the room, who caught the gesture if not the words said. He sent them a dubious look, which led to their gazes hastily adjusting elsewhere, and Tattletale huffing in annoyance.

"Just ignore them."

"I don't think I can. What's their problem?"

"They have a grudge against their own boobs, and think I'm promiscuous for wanting to breathe," was the blithe reply.

"...That sounds deranged. Are you sure that's not a misunderstanding?"

"Meh. It doesn't help either that proper nutrition and modern medicine has done wonders for the human appearance. They hate me because I'm beautiful."

"How humble of you," Jaune said, snorting in amusement.

"Hehe, the line's from a commercial, and I've always wanted a good chance to use it." She flashed a victory sign. "There's also the fact that everyone here knows my destination later. Female clients frequenting the brothels are supposed to keep it discreet. My improper attire plus the way you came in while I'm 'half-dressed'," she pointed at what was to him a complete and classy ensemble, barring a few undone strings, "were anything but quiet. It cemented my reputation as a loose woman."

"My bad," he said, uncomfortable that he had caused her problems. Tattletale waved away the apology, blaming the nosy people around them, who treated Jaune and Tattletale with a stark divide. Whereas he received the blushes and longing glances, she got to be the target for their sneers. The bravest ones were already treating her with condescension, bluster compensating for the qualities she possessed that outshone them.

Excluding the ones crying, of course. Emma, whichever one she was, had collected two more colleagues in the corner before he arrived. Evidently, Tattletales were a species that fought back, often in a preemptive manner.

"They're not giving you too much grief, are they? I kind of overheard people talking about you in the hallway…"

"Hahaha, of course they are. They haven't stopped since yesterday." She tried to maintain the unbothered act, but this bout of laughter lacked any true humor and came across as resentful, the result of hours upon hours of judging thoughts that she could read like a book no matter how deeply hidden. "So, yeah, this world is turning out completely shit for me. Silver lining? I don't feel an ounce of guilt about fleecing them."

"Hence, the five extra dresses on that rack?" He asked.

"Hence, the five extra dresses on that rack." She confirmed. Her lips started to curl upward, mood improved by mischief managed. "We have outfits for you, too."

Jaune balked. "Wait, what?"

"You can't possibly expect to go for an outing with what you're wearing. We have to match to maintain the cover story. An adventurous girl of nobility and her stalwart, if lustful, bodyguard—"

"Oi."

"—both ready to experiment in Dunwall's famous Golden Cat. It practically writes itself."

"Hang on, I think I remember this plot line. Don't tell me Ninjas of Love exist in your universe, too."

"No? But with your reaction, I kind of want to read it now." She paused, and started mumbling to herself about 'intellectual copyright' and 'opportunities' for a bit before shaking her head. "Whatever. Thoughts for later. Come on, it's time for your fashion show. Then you can tell me all about that freaky tattoo on your hand."

Oh, yeah. That was a thing.

-o-​

All in all, his new clothes weren't bad.

The outfit they settled for fell on admiral Havelock's side of the period style, with a martial bent rather than the pretentious Pendleton look to grant Jaune the air of a noble house's personal guard. Having now worn this, the reason why Atlas retained their armed forces became apparent. Military uniforms held a certain charm to the opposite sex. Winter Schnee was proof enough of the concept, but even he himself garnered a fair amount of appreciation as he was putting on the provided clothes. The hallway war between Tattletale maintaining his privacy and the people attempting to peek in on him attested to the effect.

Of the ensemble, what he enjoyed most was the overcoat in blue that any pirate captain would surely envy. He only needed a tricorn hat to complete the image.

One foot on the roof's parapet, a hand on his hip and the other on his knee, he stared out to sea, coattails fluttering in the brisk winds. Damn, did he look good. He should take a picture.

"Mind helping me out, Tattletale?"

"Yeah, yeah. Let's see how this thing works…"

*snap*

"Sweet. Thanks!"

He took back his scroll from Tattletale, tucking it in a pocket as they moved on to the real matter at hand. Namely, his hand.

Whatever power the Outsider granted him did not come with a manual. Were it not for the Mark, he would have dismissed the notion as a figment of his imagination, and Tattletale still pushed the theory that a bad actor drugged him to the gills with hallucinogens. As it stood, they agreed to give the possibility a chance.

"What if you, I don't know, muster up your spirit and shout it out?"

Jaune followed the suggestion. Nothing happened beyond Tattletale pointing at him and laughing.

"I'm gonna leave."

"Okay, okay, okay. I'll get serious. Really, I won't mess with you anymore." Her voice dropped to a whisper. "Maybe."

"I heard that."

"Don't worry, it's a joke." Those innocent eyes fooled nobody. "Have you tried using it the way you would Aura?"

"First thing I tested out. It didn't work. Aura is Aura, this is…well, who knows? How do you activate your superpower?"

"Instincts, like it is for every parahuman." She buffed her nails on her dress, looking smug.

"That is such a comic book answer."

On Remnant, Huntsmen have to practice if they want to manipulate Aura in fancy ways, and Semblances may remain unknown for their entire lifetime. People from Tattletale's world just skip that nonsense and went straight to the ass-kicking fight scenes. He would call it unrealistic, except it was difficult to argue with real life.

"Hey, Tattletale, how do you feel about putting yourself in danger so I can miraculously unlock my ability in a time of great need?"

It was a classic development that succeeds in 99% of comic book storylines, and a bone-deep certainty, nearly a premonition, told him that it will work here.

The girl raised her fists. "Try to make me and I'll fight you. Go throw your own self into danger if you want, you nut."

Tattletale faltered when Jaune fell quiet. She paled as she noticed the contemplative expression on his face.

"Well, there's an idea…"

"Jaune?"

"Xray and Vav Issue Twenty-Five used that method, and we already established that comic rules apply. Hmmm." Jaune nodded to himself.

"Jaune?"

"Hang on, Tattletale, I'll be back in a bit."

"Jaune, you better not be whatthefuckareyoudoing!?"

Rather than answering, Jaune demonstrated by continuing his sprint. He stepped on the parapet again, and this time braced his leg so as to launch himself high into the open sky, clearing at least the height of an entire story of a house. Add to that the brewery itself, and he must be near seventy feet high at the apex. Survivable if a person has Aura, but—he twisted his body upside-down, falling head first—it was going to hurt on landing.

Soooo, yeah, if he wanted to avoid harm, now was the time to summon his mystical power.

Okay, now was the time.

Now…

He might have miscalculated—ahhhhhhhh!

One moment, Jaune was flailing his arms and legs in a futile attempt to grab onto something, anything to break his fall. In the next, he had a tight grip on the edge of the roof while his body was simultaneously a mere yard from hitting the ground. A pull, and momentum reversed course to catapult him at the building. He slammed into the edge, flipped over it, and landed in a heap at the feet of a terrified Tattletale, peering up at her.

He waved. "Hi."

"You—you—"

"Look! I discovered what power the Outsider gave me." Recalling the sensation, he conjured a shadowy tendril, the limb superimposing over his physical arm. "It feels a little slimy, and not all there. Very odd."

He punched at empty air, and the false arm elongated quite a distance, growing tall as a utility pole.

"Cool. I finally have a ranged attack." He flipped a thumbs-up at Tattletale. "Thanks for the advice!...Why's your face turning purple?"

Tattletale wouldn't talk to him for the next hour.

-o-​

The pub stocked ice cream.

Jaune knew, because he went searching for stuff to bribe Tattletale with, and found some. She wasn't in a happy mood yet, but she accepted it, which was the first sign of hope for reconciliation in the Jaune Arc Handbook for whenever he screwed up with his sisters. The curses she whispered under her breath had ceased, too. Progress!

The tenuous peace persisted as they cut across the loading yard, on their way to a meeting with Piero Joplin, the outfitter for Corvo's operations. Tattletale was eating her ice cream, almost humming in contentment as her anger abated, while Jaune experimented with his third arm, finding the limits to the new toy.

His ability, the…[Shadow Arm]? [Far Reach]? [Blackhand]? [Sealed Darkness of the Void Fist]?…too far, dial it back. His ability, the [Third Arm], was a versatile thing, if imprecise. It can pull him to heavy or anchored objects, or pull objects to him if they were light enough. He could configure the hand into a fist or a grabbing motion without trouble, but moving an individual finger or other fine-tuned actions took greater focus.

Also? He's getting a headache. Employing the ability in quick succession for a prolonged period was not recommended, a lesson learned in hindsight. The predicament did earn him sympathy from Tattletale, however, who experienced it all too often through overuse of her superpower.

Walking into the workshop only worsened his problem. The crackles and pops of electricity, the overwhelming scents of oils and pungent plants, and a most terrible screeching noise coming from a grindstone machine drove a spike of pain into his head.

"Fuuu-u-uck…"

"Oh my, do you need a tonic?" said Joplin, hurrying over. He pressed a vial into Jaune's hand, and adjusted his glasses. "Here. Piero's Remedy, the finest solution for what ails the body and spirit. One draft will revitalize your mind, expand your cognition, and excrete the plague from your very being."

"The pitch was fine until that last part. Poor word choice," Jaune mumbled his advice. Through bleary eyes, he squinted at the blue vial.

Well, it's glowing, and as he had learned in recent days, any strange substance that glowed was good for the body. He uncapped the lid and knocked back the liquid in one go.

A cold rush poured over his brain, bringing clarity as fine as a bracing shower. Jaune sharply inhaled, and sighed in relief.

Tattletale saw that, and immediately slammed down gold coins—picked up or purloined, he cannot say—on the counter.

"I'll take ten. This can cure the plague, too, you said?"

"Ummm. For a given value of 'cure', yes."

"How does it compare to Sokolov's Elixir?"

Infinitely better, or so Joplin claimed in the ensuing rant that cursed the very grounds Anton Sokolov had walked on. Jaune and Tattletale both drank another Remedy to rid themselves of the budding migraine from listening to the scathing diatribe.

"I should have warned you about that." The two blonds turned to the speaker, seeing an unmasked Corvo approach from outside. "He and Sokolov have something of a…disagreement."

"—patent-stealing, cradle-robbing, hidebound son of a Serkonian who—oh, Corvo, my sincerest apologies,"—Joplin slapped a hand over his mouth, muffled voice continuing—"my mind was not my own."

"Fret not, Piero. I understand how certain matters may cause a man to lose his reason. The best way to banish such thoughts, I find, is to throw ourselves into a task. Coincidentally…"

Joplin barked out a laugh as Corvo lifted up a pistol. "Of course! What adjustments would you like—no, let me see what can be done. Why make a few improvements when you can make all the improvements?"

The man rushed to a workbench, completely forgetting the existence of his rival, along with Jaune, Tattletale, Corvo, and the rest of the world.

Corvo turned to the pair, a contrite expression on his tanned face. "That was rude of me, I know, but Piero would have carried on for hours otherwise. Did you have pressing business with him?"

"Not at all," Jaune replied. "He said to visit and get supplies, but we frankly don't have much of an idea of what he can do for us besides these." He shook a vial of Remedy.

In his periphery, he noticed Tattletale poking around the area, highly curious. She darted here and there, studying the various objects and notes scattered about.

Jaune refocused on Corvo as the man spoke. "I make no claim of being an inventor or a scholar, but I do possess a level of experience with Piero's work, if you are partial to my advice." Corvo beckoned them to follow him. Jaune did, Tattletale did not.

"Ooooh, what does this button do?"

"Don't touch that! Do not touch that!" Joplin snapped out of his fugue to race across the room, interceding between Tattletale and what looked like pieces of a life-sized, incomplete puppet. "She—it is not a toy!"

Tattletale examined the puppet again. She raised a finger as if to object, then lowered it and walked over to Jaune, grimacing in disgust.

"Gross." She met his gaze. "He's building that doll for exactly what its appearance suggests."

"A maid robot?"

"...Among other things."

"Ahem. Here are two devices I believe would serve you well," said Corvo, ignoring the incident with steadfast resolve. "First is what we refer to as a rewire tool, useful for disabling certain security systems and defenses by shorting their power source. Do note that it may result in machine backfires and scrambled targeting priorities when employed on arc pylons and Walls of Light. Be very cautious. If I hear of unnecessary casualties, we will have words." More than, if the way he caressed a small crossbow strapped to his side was indicative of anything.

"Sure, that's easy enough."

"Understood~"

"This, on the other hand, can be fielded on a more liberal basis." Corvo displayed a roll of—

"Sleeping darts," Tattletale declared, nose held high in the air.

"Correct. The formula requires two to three seconds before it induces unconsciousness, and…hmmm. Joplin?" He turned to the other man, who looked up from his tinkering. "Do you have another crossbow in stock?"

"Yes—no—I have most of the parts. If you give me a day, oh, but you are setting out soon. Um…" Joplin fidgeted, nervous.

"Never mind, then. For our purposes, it can also be applied with a firm stab, so do keep a few needles about your person."

Tattletale cut in. "We wouldn't mind a couple of those crossbows in exchange for a portion of the payment we agreed on, so if you can put it together, that would be great!"

The scowl on the inventor's face said he had not forgiven her for the earlier rummaging. He relented when Corvo added his voice to the request.

"As I said, it would take a day for me to produce one. A second copy means sourcing new parts, and that could take a week or longer. Although…" Joplin glanced at Jaune. "You may not need a crossbow in most cases. Your astounding performance this morning certainly suggests that you can imitate the same function within a range of thirty paces—"

"Hold up!" Tattletale interrupted again. "What perfo—you ran tests on him?" She whirled to face Jaune. "They ran tests on you. Why? Not his idea, or yours. The admiral."

In the same vein as yesterday, Joplin and Corvo showed visible surprise at the rapid-fire leaps in her logic. Jaune fared better since he knew the real reason behind it, and did not bat an eye.

"Yeah, the guy called me up first thing in the morning. Had me doing—"

"Drills. Lots of them. Strength, speed, reaction time, endurance—he wanted to know what you were capable of for the rescue mission, and…Oh? Ohoho!"

"Care to share? Is something wrong?"

"Oh, nothing~ Don't even worry about it."

Instantly, everyone else there clamored for an explanation, thoughts consumed with what could be the answer to her string of deductions. Tattletale reveled in denying them it.

"Her mind, a mess. She grasped a thread. Plots within plots? It pains me to read deeper."​

Jaune whipped his head in the direction of Corvo, having heard a hissing, whirring jumble of noises that almost sounded like words. His mind came screeching to a halt.

Why was he holding a beating heart in his hand? Corvo, what the hell!?

It…It was not fully corporeal. Or was it? Jaune felt as if he was looking through the thing somehow, an object composed of both flesh and mechanical parts, but there was a heft to the impossibly-working organ or Corvo wouldn't otherwise hold it in that way. The man's head was tilted—he held that pose yesterday! It must have been invisible then!—as if listening to the steady heartbeat.

"He has noticed me in your hands, and wonders which of you is insane."​

The strange noise echoed again, but Jaune did not get the chance to ponder where it came from because the man—no, the assassin was now staring at him! The two of them were of a height, but Corvo seemed to tower over Jaune at that moment. Jaune flicked his gaze away from the heart, pretending he hadn't seen the object and had instead been enthralled by the blank wall this entire time.

Did that manage to fool Corvo? The man neither pressed him on it, nor ceased his scrutiny, and Jaune dared not move a muscle. All the while, a heart went thump-thump.

More than ever before, he wished he could go back to Remnant. At least his world made sense!

Author's Notes:
You make bad choices…I like that in a man. You're a clown and I want to see more of your fuckups. —The Outsider, probably
Of the many random omnipotent beings out there, the Outsider is one I like. No infantile rage fits when things go wrong, no deus ex machina nudges to ensure happy ends. He just wants to push the big red button and see what happens.
.
The pre-mission phase took, what, twenty minutes in-game? Oh, we're going to blaze through that with, like, two thousand words and finish the main part in the same chapter.
Seven thousand words later...
Last edited: Mar 29, 2025
Stories:
QQ Sneaking His Way into the Multiverse , a RWBY Jaune, WC-lite mechanics story.
Other RWBY stories on AO3 or FF - Yakuza Arc | Conquered Menagerie: Annals of the Sixth Kingdom | Cat, Bunny, and the Good Ship Honey Starbright | The Agent
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, RSR2000, Noctus and 909 others
LazyAutumnMoon
Aug 14, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 12: We Go to Whorehouses for Queen and Country (Part 1)
View content
LazyAutumnMoon
LazyAutumnMoon
We all need Sundancer in our life.
JoinedJun 7, 2024
Messages289
Likes received68,284
Sep 5, 2024
Add bookmark
#133
Under the noontime sun, a little boat cruised along the Wrenhaven River, carrying four people further inland from the sea. Here, the salty air has been replaced by something else, the stench of city refuse and plague-ridden bodies thrown into the water without care for which was which. Neither Jaune nor Tattletale were faring well during the journey, swaying with nausea as they listened to Corvo hammer into their heads the mission goals of this little jaunt.

"The priority is to rescue the princess. The elimination of the Pendleton brothers is secondary to that, do you understand? The safety of Emily Kaldwin is paramount."

Jaune groaned a long, low note of exasperation, and replied, "Yes, yes, we got the message the first five times already. I find it odd that you are being so insistent about this. It's not as if I'm some berserker type baying for the blood of my enemies or anything...am I?"

Because how would he know, if he was? Nobody ever considers themselves the ax-crazy type.

"He's worried out of more than simple loyalty," Tattletale piped up from beside him. Even seasick, she strove for a look of superiority, turning this way and that to make sure everyone was paying attention to her. "There's an undercurrent of familial affection whenever he talks about her. She…is his daughter."

The boatman nearly sent them all into the drink at that revelation, and had to execute a few harrowing maneuvers in order to get the boat back on course. He, along with Jaune, stared at the third man present, the bodyguard to the former queen. The former queen who was mother to princess Kaldwin. Princess Kaldwin who was Corvo's daughter. Round and round the hamster wheels in their heads spun.

"Daaamn," Jaune summarized his thoughts.

"Daaamn," The boatman echoed.

What else can they say about the man who carried on a relationship with an actual queen? The sole title Jaune heard people refer to Corvo as was a 'Sir', otherwise calling him by his first name outright. He was not Lord Corvo, and certainly not King Corvo. Add in the layer of obfuscation and they had the story of a forbidden, whirlwind romance between commoner and royalty.

Tattletale held up a finger before her lips in a shushing gesture. "Shhh, it's a secret."

She then devolved into cackles, unrepentant in the face of Corvo's blank stare. The laughter went on and on and on and on and on and then died with a whimper as the assassin just continued to look at her. Tattletale shifted in place, growing distinctly uncomfortable under the scrutiny.

"...I have the same protections as my partner, so you have nothing that can kill me," she blurted out in a hurry.

Corvo thought on it for a bit, then peered overboard. In a casual tone, as if speaking of the weather, he said, "Do you still need to breathe?"

Tattletale scooted closer to Jaune.

If they needed further proof of how dangerous the man could be, that was it. He had already conceived of a way to kill people with Aura. In the interest of defusing tension, Jaune raised a hand to draw the others' notice.

"Hey, I get it. Anybody abducted my family, I'll get very stabby until they're safe again. We're going to do our best. And don't worry, nobody's hearing a thing from us about your private affairs."

A long beat of hesitation, and Corvo sighed. "Thank you for your discretion. It is not a well-kept secret in truth. Half the court suspects, they merely lack proof. Jessamine and I had hoped for an opportunity to announce it before…well, before." Before the murder of the queen, the imprisonment of the bodyguard, and the abduction of their child. The story Jaune had heard was not a happy one, riddled by unfortunate events. "I'd rather that such news does not receive confirmation and become public knowledge in a time of turmoil. Aristocrats like Custis and Morgan Pendleton already adhere to the belief that Jessamine's reign was hopelessly tainted due to 'too many riffraffs' sneaking their way into the palace."

"The more I hear of those two, the less I like them." Jaune scrunched his nose in distaste. "Greedy, cruel, and see people as less than dirt? Some guys have it all. I almost feel sorry for the Pendleton on your side…you know, if he didn't just stone cold ask us to kill his own brothers."

Corvo shrugged his shoulders. "Such is the politics of Dunwall, I'm afraid. Oftentimes, a rift would grow wide to the point that words could not reach the other side, and the knives come out. Their voting bloc is the driving force behind recent laws passed by Burrows's regime, and hundreds of the queen's subjects are dead as a result. We need to either fracture or take the reins of that bloc if we are to mitigate the damage that they've done. Treavor Pendleton can be difficult, but he understands that."

"Ha!" Tattletale interrupted. "And the influence, along with the inheritance, he stands to gain has nothing to do with it, I'm sure." Her voice dripped with poison. "He resents it, you know. Living in the shabbier mansion… unable to drink the very best wine…barred from the most exclusive clubs. I saw all his little peeves, plain as day. That man envies his brothers, and he'll follow in their footsteps if given the chance."

In apprehensive silence, the rest of the people in the boat considered the possibility of this being a spat over money. Their mission to rescue a princess took on new implications, an incidental byplay to the real conflict at hand. Jaune did not enjoy the thought of himself as a patsy, and neither did Corvo from the look of it.

"I will keep your counsel in mind. Either way, however," the assassin's voice hardened, "for what Custis and Morgan have done to my family, I would not shed a tear for their fate. Get ready, we are here."

He looked ahead to where a rocky stretch of the shore sat below the city, overgrown with weeds and littered with detritus. Sewer pipes dotted the area, discharging filth into the water. For good or ill, Dunwall was a city in its industrial heyday, and factories lined the river, fumes billowing from their tall chimneys. The sound of heavy machinery filtered beyond the brick walls to set the water under them rumbling with vibrations. The signs of troubles were there, though. Inert smoke stacks marked where the plague had swept through and shut down production.

The group set to preparing their equipment, with Jaune and Tattletale readjusting their fine clothes to ensure they presented the right image. They were banking on the outer disguises to make up for the shortcomings in their behavior, since the half-hour course given to them back at the pub on the proper way to walk and talk only touched on a few surface things. Crocea Mors went on Jaune's hip as part of his 'fancy guard' ensemble, swords being a standard weapon carried by city guards and soldiers everywhere in the Isles, while Tattletale hiked up her voluminous skirt a couple of inches to strap a roll of sleeping darts to one leg, and the rewire tool to the other. To finish off, she slipped two of the needles under her sleeves.

Corvo checked over his gear in a well-practiced routine. He ran a hand over the various devices stored about his person to ensure their placements, then drew and holstered his pistol before moving on to the crossbow. With a twirl, the sword unsheathed, segments snapping into place to form a blade longer than the handle in which it rested. To Jaune, who knew of hammers that can transform to grenade launchers and sword-javelin-gun hybrids, the weapon Piero Joplin created would be considered rudimentary mechashift at best, a relic akin to his own Crocea Mors and barely even worth selling in the Marketplace. In this world, however, nothing of its like existed yet, making the sword less 'antique' and more 'precursor' to signal the coming revolution in armaments. A genius's work.

Did Corvo understand what he held in his hands? Who can tell, for the mask he put on obscured all traces of the man beneath to leave a cold, steel skull peering out at the world from under a dark hood. The misshapen form engendered a sense of wrongness, crisscrossing wires lending it the impression of a mouth sewn shut. Little gears clicked and whirled in one eye-socket to manipulate the embedded spyglass.

A second later, he cursed as the magnified lens allowed him to catch sight of a scene in the distance. Following the direction of his gaze, Jaune shaded his eyes and watched as figures ran away from the city to a bridge tower extending over the water. It's a dead end, the actual bridge dismantled, but that did not stop them. They had nowhere else to go.

The first projectile screamed through the air, fired from a boxy contraption erected atop steel scaffolding three stories tall. It struck near a pair of runners, and exploded on contact. The next shot landed amidst a different group, and a third followed soon after. One burst upon another, the turret lit the bridge aglow with fire, leaving no survivors once it was done.

The boatman murmured in the stillness that followed. "A river-hand I met yesterday mentioned a Watchtower going up. I never imagined…"

"The people in charge are the ones doing this? Your city is fucked," Jaune offered his succinct opinion, and Tattletale nodded in agreement.

"Jessamine vetoed the deployment of those infernal things," Corvo replied. The skull mask distorted his voice with an echo that grated on Jaune's ears. "It appears the Lord Regent Burrows has different ideas on quarantine measures."

"You mean those people were victims of the Rat Plague?"

Kill the infected? What, were they in a zombie movie?

"Yes, they showed signs of it from what I saw. It appears the City Watch has increased security efforts around the gate to Clavering Boulevard in fear of the disease spreading." The boat touched land, and Corvo hopped out first. "That is the most direct route to the district housing the Golden Cat," he added for the benefit of Jaune and Tattletale.

"I'm guessing that we'll have to find a path around it to the boulevard, then. Or do you think me and her can talk our way past them?"

"Let us see," was the noncommittal answer.

Hugging the wall, they sneaked up the dock. A man in a uniform, sword on a hip, strolled into view as they passed the bend and, before Jaune could react, Corvo vanished then appeared behind the man to choke him unconscious. As he laid the body down in a dark corner, Jaune padded over to ask a question.

"What did you do that for?"

"I am a wanted man, masked and otherwise. He would have shouted for aid from his fellow guardsmen had he seen us. Best they think he was simply mugged in the backstreet for his money pouch than that I was here. Now, this way."

A flight of steps put them at a street that ran below the bridge. Curious as to the defenses protecting Clavering Boulevard, the group sneaked up the second set of steps, reaching the bridge proper where they peeked around a low wall to observe the surroundings. Jaune grimaced, for it was not a pretty sight.

Past signs which stated 'No Citizens Allowed / Lethal force has been authorized', the bodies of people who had not taken the warning littered the area, their blood filling the cracks of the cobblestone road. Guards, faces covered by balaclavas to protect from contracting an infection, were dragging the bodies to a nearby dumpster for disposal, making sure to search their pockets for valuables before throwing them in. Further along, the gate that once spanned an avenue was now barricaded with thick steel, leaving a much smaller access door, currently shut tight. Above, the Watchtower swiveled to and fro, sweeping the area with a floodlight. A rat scurrying across the ground was caught under its light, and blasted to smithereens. They would allow nothing through.

"The backstreets?" Corvo asked Jaune and Tattletale.

"Agreed."

"A fine idea."

Taking the lower road, they headed into a shabby neighborhood. Doors were barred, often from the outside. Boarded up windows showed signs of attempts to break out. Rotten produce and fish festered in abandoned shop stalls.

"Things are getting worse," Corvo remarked. "Just days ago, some of the stores were still open for business. And the homes…"

According to him, the red 'X's painted on the walls denoted buildings ravaged by the plague, put there to be a warning for people to stay away. Yet, it looked as if every wall carried that mark, and very few people were around. These locals stuck to the nooks and corners, wary eyes not dissimilar to cornered animals, and they shrank further into the shadows as Corvo passed by. The well-dressed pair received a different sort of gaze, calculating and covetous. Jaune kept a hand on his sword to deter anyone feeling particularly brave.

As the party approached a turn in the road, they noticed a man barring the path, who perked up when he spotted them. An odd reaction considering the mask worn by one among their number, though it was that same person that the man addressed.

"Hey, you're just the man I's lookin' for. Slackjaw's wanting to talk to you. At the distillery." The man waved them forward, and pointed to a building at the end of the alley manned by a couple of burly toughs.

Corvo took a few steps, but Jaune stopped him to point out the obvious. "This sounds like a trap." Beside him, Tattletale tapped a finger to her chin in thought whilst studying the men's postures.

"Hmmm, not really? They have orders to stay polite—as polite as street thugs can be, at any rate. That's why they've put those cleavers just barely within reach, to signal they won't attack unless we do. It's the closest to an olive branch in these places."

"A good observation, thank you for that," said a visibly less tense Corvo. "I believe it would be a good idea. Slackjaw, too, is opposed to Burrows's rule, and his Bottle Street Gang would know the goings-on in the area. They may have useful information. Perhaps an unguarded route I can take to our destination."

As they made for the distillery's door, one of the thugs stretched out an arm to bar the way.

"Meetin's for one," he said.

"They are with me."

"And you and them add up to more than one," the man insisted.

"Holy shit, they can do math," whispered Tattletale to Jaune, hand covering her mouth in faux shock.

Jaune snickered, and murmured in her ear, "It's a miracle!"

Their comments were overheard and drew a glare from the thug. It also brought his full attention to Tattletale. He looked her up and down, and annoyance was soon replaced by a smirk. The man might have thought it dashing, but the crooked, yellowed teeth did him no favors.

"Not to worry, tho'. They can wait here with us 'til you come back. We'll keep the pretty little thing entertained with a good time. How 'bout it, doll?" The man tried to slip an arm around Tattletale's shoulder, but stumbled when she ducked under the limb and skipped out of grabbing distance. She then stuck out her tongue.

"Pft. Big boast for somebody who can't satisfy his wife." To drive home the point, she held up a pinkie, immediately setting the man off in a rage. The uproarious laughter of his two companions incensed him all the more and, snarling, he advanced on Tattletale.

"What did you say, you bi—!" Two hands clamped on his shoulders with crushing grips.

"Now, now," Jaune said. "She didn't mean anything by it." Yeah, right. She totally did.

"Do forgive the young for their mischief," Corvo offered his 'advice'. The cold mask brooked no disagreement and, cowed, the man retreated at speed to the wall, sweat beading on his brow. A shaking hand went for a bottle, which he gulped down.

Still, Jaune caught the furtive glances the man gave towards Tattletale—towards him, too—and knew the matter was far from settled. He, and his buddies, might well find their bravery once Corvo leaves, and decide that a lesson on respect needed teaching via knifepoint. Nah, hanging around here would only invite a fight.

Pulling Corvo and Tattletale aside, he said, "Since we're splitting up the group anyhow, why don't she and I continue ahead to Clavering in the meantime, and get started on our own mission? We can scope out the interior of the Golden Cat before your arrival."

Credits to him, Corvo weighed the merits of Jaune's suggestion instead of dismissing it out of hand. That one quality made him miles better than the likes of Armsmaster.

…No offense to the blue bastard, of course. RIP.

Coming to a decision, Corvo pointed to a gap between the nearby buildings. "At the far end of Bloodox Alley is a wall that you might be able to climb over. Clavering Boulevard lies on the other side, and from there you can head up to a fork in the road. Taking the right will eventually bring you to the Golden Cat. The City Watch will have posted checkpoints along the street, however. If you run into trouble, regroup here and wait for me to return."

Tattletale scoffed as she sauntered off towards Bloodox Alley.

"We'll handle it easy peasy. Watch me."

Her words engendered no credibility, and a suddenly uncertain Corvo looked at Jaune. "Can I trust you two?"

"Of course! We're consummate professionals!" he assured the other man. As Jaune left to join Tattletale, he tried for a bit of bravado, throwing a debonair salute over his shoulder. "When next you see us, it'd be in the Golden Cat. Good luck."

"He has failed every person who stands by his side. Again and again. Will this time be any different?"​

Ignoring that. He won't try to figure out what the whispers say, because there were no whispers. Only crazy people hear voices from thin air, or see beating hearts in other people's hands. And Jaune Arc was not crazy. Yup.

Tattletale noticed his ashen white face, and commented on it.

"You look scared."

"It's nothing."

"There's something about Corvo that freaks you out. What is it?"

"You don't wanna know."

"Tell meeeee—!"

The back and forth continued as they walked along, the conversation distracting them from their surroundings. Bloodox Alley was an unpleasant place, stinking to high heavens. From what he could tell, it used to play host to a few butcheries, all shut down now with nobody removing the piles of discarded scraps meant for the trash heap. The refuse laid along the alley, and baked in the sun.

The bodies, too. Wrapped in rough sheets, they were stacked in corners, ostensibly for later disposal. How long they had laid there, Jaune shuddered to think, and he instead focused his gaze straight ahead at the wall separating the alley from Clavering Boulevard. It was hardly a barrier by his standards, though he can see it stymieing a person without Aura. A dumpster resting against the bricks provided a foothold that rendered the matter trivial for the pair.

Honestly, the biggest concern facing them would be how to keep their clothes clean while climbing over the wall. After Leviathan, this was a cakewalk.

From one instant to the next, a dark-clad figure appeared before Jaune to disabuse of that hopeful notion, their knife at his throat. Corvo's name was halfway out of his mouth when he noted the differences in their attire. His assailant donned a gas mask, and their clothes sported a rougher, cobbled together look. They did not come alone, either, with another attacker behind Tattletale to hold her in place and a third standing a little further off.

The person nearest Jaune was the one to speak, a male voice filtering through the mask to take on a breathy rasp.

"Well, well, well. What fine company you two keep. Now, you're going to tell us what we want to know, or—" *Crack!*

The alternative he proposes will forever remain a mystery as Jaune ignored the blade digging into his throat in favor of headbutting the man. The leather mask provided less protection than Corvo's did, allowing the force of the blow to transfer in full to the face beneath. His adversary sank to the ground, unconscious, while Jaune unsheathed his sword.

"Don't move, or the girl gets it!" shouted the person who had seized Tattletale. He roughly maneuvered her between himself and Jaune…and then keeled over to lay in a heap at her feet, a sleep dart sticking out of his side. Tattletale gave him a swift kick to the head as additional punishment, followed by a "Hmph!" to convey her disdain. In one hand, she held a second dart at the ready.

The last assailant spun between him and Tattletale, thrown by the unexpected development, and ultimately chose to attack what seemed the easier target in their eyes. Despite a brief burst of panic, Tattletale dodged to the side before they even swung their knife, the blade missing by a wide margin. They twisted to avoid her sleep dart before retaliating with another slash of their knife, but—too late!—the wasted seconds meant Jaune was there to intervene. His sword swept a horizontal line across the alley, slicing through empty air.

"Teleporters." He spat the word as if it were a vile insult, and searched the alleyway for the person.

Tattletale shouted, "Up there!"

He turned to where her hand indicated, in time for an arrow to ping off his chest. The person he sought was crouched atop an awning, frozen in shock with their arm pointed at Jaune. He spied a device of some kind attached to their wrist, presumably the method by which they fired on him. They shook off the terror at seeing Jaune survive lethal blows twice over—haha, Aura for the win!—and pulled another vanishing act to now appear on a nearby balcony above, grabbing the edge of the building to swing themselves onto the rooftop.

Jaune's triumphant cheer faded. The dirty sneak was going to get away!

Forgoing a chase, he chambered his left fist, and punched. A long, shadowy arm zipped across the distance, fingers spread to clasp around the runner's leg and pull. He succeeded in making them lose their grip on the bricks, the dark figure slipping to hit the railings with an audible "Oof!" before falling off of that as well, flipping end over end to land inside a dumpster below, the impact sending up a spray of trash.

An old man leaning on the wall in that corner, heretofore unnoticed as he watched the entire altercation, grabbed the lid and pulled it shut, moving the bar to lock the container. With a cool nod to the pair, he went back to his previous spot.

Peace returned to Bloodox Alley.

"...Well, that happened. Are you injured, Tattletale?"

"Uh-uh. It hurt a bit when I was grabbed, but the pain's already gone. You?"

"Not even a scratch." He nudged one of the bodies with his foot. "Who do you suppose they are?"

"Assassins. Here for Corvo. They spotted us with him and wanted to squeeze out information about his capabilities before setting another ambush."

"Oh, damn. Should we warn him?"

Tattletale shook her head. "It's only these three. The last one ran because she wasn't getting any backup." A gleeful smile crept onto her face, and she rubbed her hands together. "Now, what goodies do we have here?"

She moved in on the bodies, and began rifling through their clothes. Coins clinked as she gathered them in a pouch. Lockpick sets were handed to Jaune to hide in his pockets, with sheaves of arrows set aside on the ground next to the swords, which Tattletale deemed to be of low quality. She eyed a couple of suspicious vials found in one of the utility belts for a while, then shook her head and placed it with the arrows. Assorted other knick-knacks were likewise discarded.

Pulling up the sleeves revealed the assassins' means of shooting arrows. Each person wore a metal half-brace on their arm, secured by straps. Each brace supported a crossbow-like gadget, slimmed down and reliant on a clockwork spring to launch its projectiles. Jaune put on the one that was still loaded, and turned his wrist to different positions in the hope that it would activate the mechanism. After a few attempts, he tried a finger snap.

Fwip!

The two of them followed the trajectory of the bolt, wincing at the same time as it flew into a third-floor window, breaking the glass.

"It's probably abandoned."

"Y-yeah. If not, we'll just blame these guys."

The two wheels at the front of the device had revved up at the moment of firing to increase the projectile's speed, imparting a stronger momentum than one would expect. Along one side, a thin shaft spun to wind the spring back in position, the process automatic and powered by a viscous fuel that glowed blue.

"I think—hahaha, I knew it!" Tattletale crowed, showing off how one of her sleep darts can nestle comfortably in the chamber.

The elation faded once she realized that there was no way to hide it under the sleeve of her dress like Jaune did for his overcoat. With great reluctance, she handed the gadget to Jaune for safekeeping on his other arm, though she was adamant that she would get one back for her own use.

"What do we do with them now?" Jaune asked as they finished looting the assassins of their choicest valuables.

"That old man there is waiting for us to get first pickings before he moves in. He'll take care of it once we're gone." Tattletale met the man's eyes, and gestured at the pile of rejected items. He, in turn, nodded his head. "And now he saw nothing, and will say nothing."

Bargain struck, they left the unconscious bodies in place, and marched onwards. At the end of the alley, Jaune boosted Tattletale onto the dumpster there, and they poked their heads over the wall to observe Clavering Boulevard.

It was a glimpse of a different world standing in stark contrast to life on this side of the brick wall. A raised road swept so clean the cobblestone almost sparkled in the sun. Massive estates that could host a party for hundreds. Tall, glass windows showcased the lifestyle within, rooms decorated in fine furniture and beautiful artworks. Festooned on the houses and lampposts, the flags of Dunwall flew proudly in the wind. Not one home on the entire street had their entryways obstructed, though the City Watch can be seen coming and going in one residence, their captain oh so apologetic to the owners as the couple waited on the front steps.

They've also barricaded every possible access to the area from the poorer neighborhoods, steel walls rising behind the buildings. An open gate rested on the west end of the street fitted with strange contraptions on either side that bounced crackling electricity back and forth to prevent free entry. A guard outpost was stationed there, an officer manning the booth.

"What do you reckon are the odds we have to get through that electric wall?" Jaune remarked.

"No bet."

"I figured as much." He placed both hands on the top surface of the wall. "Welp, showtime."

Confirming the coast was clear, they hopped the barrier to land on a lower level that ran parallel to the street. Vale had places like it, where new roads were built on top of old ones, putting them above the first floor of houses. The feature permitted them a spot of privacy as they waited for the perfect moment, ascending the stone steps right as a group of people their age walked by.

From there, it was a matter of copying the correct way to behave so as to not draw scrutiny from the many, many guards patrolling the area. The City Watch was out in force, and regularly stopped passersby for questioning. The grubbier-dressed among the crowd received the worst of it, but even the wealthy folks traveled with a brisk pace, never dithering to converse.

Some, though, strode with aplomb. These people, the guards formed a wide berth around. The Watch's men might not always recognize their faces, but the attitude belied their station. Bothering them was how one got reassigned to the midnight shift.

Those were the examples to imitate. Jaune offered his arm, which Tattletale took. Back straight, noses in the air, they faked an enthusiastic pep in their steps as they advanced along the boulevard. They would chat about inconsequential things like the weather when within the guards' earshot, whispering 'jokes' in each other's ears and laughing obnoxiously about it. The key, to put a trite expression on it, was to have fun. To show a sense of untroubled optimism, as if the plague cannot possibly bother one so rich, let alone the pesky lawmen.

The healthy glow helped. They did not live with the months and months of rationing that was even starting to take its toll on the bottom rungs of the upper class. Clothes sat a little looser on people's frames than it should. Some of the kids had that sickly pallor of poor nutrition. Things were headed in a bad direction for Dunwall, and Jaune's and Tattletale's laughter rang hollow for it.

Still, they smiled when others would not, or could not, and that sold the story.

Few dared to approach the gate. Tattletale marched right up to it as if this was the entrance to her house and the officer her doorman. Or a squatter.

"You can turn that horrid thing off, my good fellow. I have an appointment to be fashionably late for."

The officer seemed caught between his standard spiel and deference, uncertain of the consequences should he reject her order out of hand. The two men with him likewise took a pause.

"Ah, we can't just, that is, the Lord Regent's decree says it's not so simple, miss." The officer's gaze flicked to Jaune, noting the cut of his ensemble and the sword at his hip, the sheath of Crocea Mors fancier than his own. No mere guardsman, was Jaune Arc. "And sir. We would need to record where you're going and who you're meeting, and get your information jotted down."

A most offended scoff left Tattletale's lips. "Am I a common criminal? Oh Jaune," she spun to him, swooning in his arms as if overcome by emotion, "did you hear what this man said? Kill him for me."

Jaune and the guards all squawked as one. "Do what!?"

He then recovered, and grasped the handle of his sword, striving to play the part of a gentleman who was angered on the lady's behalf. The position of Tattletale's head, buried in the crook of his neck, concealed from everyone but him the evil smirk that she wore.

"Why, he has besmirched my name! Frankly, it is a much lighter fate than what uncles Custis and Morgan would do if they heard about this."

"C-Custis and—you mean the Lords Pendleton?" stammered one of the subordinates.

His buddy chimed in. "But they're at—"

"The Golden Cat, yes. I am to meet them there for tea."

The incongruity was easy to spot for all present, and the officer seized on it like a lifeline. Confidence returned to his voice.

"Ah, ha! I was almost fooled, miss, but that's where you've made your mistake. The Golden Cat is a—"

Tattletale turned towards the man, the grin transforming to a face filled with wrath in a heartbeat.

"A tea shop," she hissed. "Where. People. Drink. Tea. Nothing else."

Realization dawned on the guards' faces, the switch flipping so starkly that Jaune can almost read the thoughts in their heads.

Ahhhh. Yes, a tea shop. It was obviously a euphemism, meaning that this young lady in fact knew what services the Golden Cat provided, and had been trying to act as propriety demanded in that prudish way only the other nobles would understand. The reluctance to have her destination recorded, the anger, the overreaction, they came from a place of embarrassment. He and his fellow guards had not caught her guilty of trespassing, but guilty of being randy. Slowly and surely, the pieces of the story slotted into proper order, weaving a narrative which happened to affirm all their views of the aristocracy and amused them to no end. The men relaxed.

"They keep going on and on about the establishment just yonder, and I thought I would stop by for a visit. So please, be a dear? I would hate to have to explain why I was delayed," her eyes narrowed, "and who was responsible."

Yet, hilarious as the story will be to tell at the pub after their shift, the wrong move here could also cost them their heads. This was a real noble before them, no doubt about it, and a relative of some famous people to boot. It prodded them to action.

"Y-yes, miss! Just let us remove the oil tank. It won't be but a moment, and you can be on your way!"

"Your very merry way—Ow!"

"Please ignore him. Dropped on his head as a kid, he was."

The electric wall went down to allow Jaune and Tattletale entry beyond. The officer even bowed.

Jaune said nothing as they entered through the gate. He maintained a face of utmost impassiveness as they took a right turn at the fork, walking by guardsmen who were much more polite on this side of Clavering Boulevard because any civilians allowed passage could well earn a hundred times their income and carry the clout to match.

The pair ducked into a bakery, then Jaune fell over laughing without a care of how the customers inside thought. All the while, Tattletale stood over him, looking smug.

That mouth of hers could get them out of trouble as much as it lands them into trouble.

Author's Notes: In the same vein as last chapter, a five-minute segment turned into 5500 words. Had to stop here or it'd be days before update. Next week, they enter the Golden Cat proper. It's a tighter space with fewer elements, so one chapter should go from beginning to end.

Then again, it's a chapter about setting foot inside a brothel, and Jaune's not exactly a man of focus, commitment, and sheer fucking will or anything close. Distractions abound.

.

Upcoming story rotation…eh, let's say
Sneaking Into the Multiverse - Yakuza Arc - Sneaking Into the Multiverse - Honey Starbright - Conquered Menagerie - then who knows.

I would also appreciate it if anyone call tell me the easiest way to put pictures into the story on this site.
Last edited: Sep 6, 2024
Stories:
QQ Sneaking His Way into the Multiverse , a RWBY Jaune, WC-lite mechanics story.
Other RWBY stories on AO3 or FF - Yakuza Arc | Conquered Menagerie: Annals of the Sixth Kingdom | Cat, Bunny, and the Good Ship Honey Starbright | The Agent
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, RSR2000, Odd1todd89 and 843 others
LazyAutumnMoon
Sep 5, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 13: We Go to Whorehouses for Queen and Country (Part 2)
View content
LazyAutumnMoon
LazyAutumnMoon
We all need Sundancer in our life.
JoinedJun 7, 2024
Messages289
Likes received68,284
Sep 13, 2024
Add bookmark
#169
Within the city of Dunwall, the Golden Cat existed as a world apart.

Grandiose. Gaudy. In your face. The mansion rejected the utilitarian concept prevalent throughout the surrounding neighborhoods in favor of bright colors and curving walls, domed rotundas and the nouveau styles. Parts of it resembled a fortress, elsewhere a palace. The balance of the structure had been shifted to one end, right against the waterfront, to introduce an asymmetry that further emphasized the distance between the brothel and what existed beyond the borders of the establishment. With its inspired design, the Golden Cat commanded the attention of every pair of eyes present, Jaune included.

…Yes, the architecture was what fascinated him, those massive domes and round arches. That's his story and he's sticking to it. The dozens of prostitutes at the balconies and windows posing for the public to admire, waving and blowing kisses to entice them inside, did nothing for him.

"Can you be any more obvious?" Tattletale asked in between bites of her croissant.

Oh, no! There was someone here with the ability to read his intentions!

"What? I'm scoping the place out. Checking it for weaknesses, you know?" Jaune got the impression that she did not believe him. Weakly, he offered up another excuse, "...One of the Pendletons might be dumb enough to show his face?"

Tattletale opened her mouth to retort, then paused in thought. Her subsequent grumbles were sweet music to his ears.

"Just because you have a point, doesn't mean your lies are fooling me for even a second."

It was often not the employees of the brothel visible in the windows, but clients seeking the thrill of public sex, the identities of illustrious figures who might otherwise be recognized by those below preserved by the semi-sheer gauze curtains that hinted rather than showed the acts outright. That said, a rare few have eschewed such barriers to their passion, and a passerby can clearly see the woman pressed to the glass with her breasts on display or—one floor up and a few rooms over—the man standing with arms akimbo while a head bobbed up and down at his waist level. The brothel appeared content to let it happen, the exhibitionist plays serving as a form of advertisement for the many delights that a guest could find within Dunwall's premier house of pleasure.

Thus far, the faces that Jaune could make out failed to match up with the sketches of the Pendleton brothers. Or, maybe, he was too distracted to properly tell.

"How is it going on your end? Any nosy guards thinking to check on our story?"

"Nope, I think we're in the clear. If those guys were going to follow us, they would have done it by now. It's safe to go."

One less variable that could screw them over, then. Good.

Jaune dusted off the rest of his apple danish with a few quick bites. Seeing this, Tattletale finished her own meal, and drained her teacup. The shop bell chimed a soft ting-a-ling as they exited the bakery together.

An embroidered hand fan snapped to Tattletale's hand, unfurled with a flick of her wrist. She fluttered the accessory before her face in what she must have imagined a classy manner. Jaune looked at it askance.

"Where did you get that?"

She gestured vaguely over her shoulder.

"You just stole it from someone?"

"I liberated it for the sake of our mission. And no, I'm not being hyperbolic. Do you know what the other female customers who we saw entering the brothel had in common?"

His eyes darted around for an answer, finding none. Yet, if anything, that caused Tattletale's smile behind the fan to widen. She patted him on the arm to comfort him.

"Don't worry, most people will miss it. I, on the other hand, noticed the problem right away."

A 'praise me' aura practically exuded from her in waves.

"All of them had a prop, either a parasol or a hand fan that covered their faces to some extent as a thin veneer of anonymity. It's the done thing around here and we would have drawn attention to ourselves had I gone without one. The idiots at the Hound Pits Pub neglected to think of it, which left me to take care of the issue." She sighed, shaking her head. "Good grief, it's like being in the Undersiders again."

Jaune likewise shook his head. "We could have found a shop that sells them. Or, hell, go up to the woman it belonged to and offer to buy the thing. Why did you think stealing that was necessary?"

Thievery shouldn't have been the first method they resorted to, was his point. They had other avenues to explore. Tattletale disagreed, her attitude dismissive as she listened to his spiel. Once he paused, she rolled her eyes.

"Look, it's really not that bad. In a society like this, pickpocketing is almost a game. For something so small? That woman is rich and she can afford a thousand more." She fluttered the fan for emphasis. "Then there's people like us who need to eat, who are out doing good things. A bit of theft gives us a leg up, while the worst she'd experience is a minute of ordering a servant to go buy a replacement, and now she has a story that she can whine about to her friends over tea. In the bigger scheme of things, nobody's actually getting hurt. Nobody's losing out."

There was a problem with her rationale. He cannot put into adequate words what that problem was, but it existed. It must. What kind of morality system applies different judgments to an act based on a person's wealth? Unless, she's right?

No, no. A supervillain made for an unreliable role model.

Unfortunately, debating laid outside his narrow range of expertise, and Jaune was having trouble coming up with compelling objections. Arguments along the line of 'stealing is wrong' held zero weight coming from a graverobber, and he didn't believe it anyway. A thief telling a thief not to go thieving, it sounded like a joke.

The Outsider might have been onto something. Jaune had a habit of fooling himself.

"You know I'm right," Tattletale chirped. Her cheeky grin had grown to the extent that it should have by now split her face in half. She reveled in her victory, humming as she strolled across the street.

"I can't say you're wrong. Not the same thing. We'll…talk about it later." After he had a chance to develop a defense that she won't tear straight through as if it were paper.

"Nihihi, 'kay~"

They passed through the gate of the brothel, above which the golden silhouette of a cat perched. Another cat, identical except for being taller than a full-grown man, sat atop the biggest of the dome roofs to announce the name of the building to all and sundry. Sightless, they yet seemed to peer down at Jaune and Tattletale as the two entered a private garden. At the far end, two guards stood on either sides of the entrance, and they performed a cursory scan of the pair, the gazes turning appreciative as they landed on Tattletale. With a shudder, she slipped her free hand into a hidden fold on her dress—one that Jaune did not realize even existed—and took out the keyfob for the Inhibitor on her neck. A press, and her power shut off.

"Saw waaay too much into their fetishes," was the explanation she gave, before an eruption of outcries and whistles poured down from the balconies over their heads.

"Hey, handsome!"

"So dashing! I love a man in uniform."

"Ask for Betty, hon! I'll show you a good time!"

"No, me! Tell them you want me!"

"What I would let him do—"

"What I would let them do—"

Jaune gave an awkward cough. The show of bashfulness only served to set off a new round of catcalls.

"W-Well, you sure are popular," Tattletale remarked, likewise flustered.

"Did I ever say that other universes are great? Because they are." It was proving quite difficult to keep his face from cracking into a dopey look. "And hey, you're getting some attention yourself."

"I think the main focus is still on you in those cases, just with me in the picture…" she trailed off. The embroidered fan failed to hide her blush.

Her other hand played with the controller to the choker, thumbing over the button in indecision. She eventually stored the keyfob back in the pocket without reactivating her power, and tugged on his sleeve to signal that they should hurry along. Her eyes refused to meet his.

They ascended the front steps, with Tattletale sliding closer to him to avoid the guards. One of the men opened the door for them, and…

Jaune's heart sped up. His lips went dry. It truly hit home for him that this was a brothel.

Gauze and silks and—above all—naked flesh filled his vision, spread out over the reception room and up the winding staircase. Everywhere he turned, he saw scantily clad breasts and asses, though within the last couple of seconds a few women have decided to pull at their outfits in order to bare themselves in full, directing come-hither looks at him.

Oh! That woman there was hopping up and down! Jaune stared at the bouncing pair of apple-sized breasts, hypnotized.

A nudge to his side awoke Jaune from the trance, and he looked down at his companion. Tattletale, beet red and floundering, pointed ahead at an older woman dressed in a more business-like ensemble, and sporting a face caked with makeup. The employees of the shop treated her with deference, moving out of her path. The madame of the brothel was approaching.

As quietly as he could, Jaune murmured, "She might know—"

Tattletale needed no further prompting. Pivoting her body to hide her hand, she reached for the Inhibitor keyfob in a surreptitious motion, bringing her power back on.

Her expression turned wooden.

"Welcome to the Golden Cat," the madame declared with a simpering smile. "Welcome to the time of your lives. Here, you will find the finest ladies in all the Isles, skilled in a thousand ways to give you pleasure, as you desire." She leered at Jaune. "As. You. Desire—is something wrong?"

Pale and gulping air, the best Tattletale could manage was an incomprehensible gurgle. Unable to take it anymore, she triggered the Inhibitor. Jaune leaned down to check on her.

"Ew. Ew, ew, ew, ew, ew."

She saw too much again, huh? Worse this time, from the look of it, which raised all sorts of concerns about the madame if she can outdo the two guardsmen in sheer depravity.

Ignorant as to her part in the byplay, the befuddled woman asked, "Has she taken ill? Is it," her voice lowered to a fearful whisper, "the Plague?"

Jaune deflected at once. "Oh no no, she's always been of a delicate constitution, and the perfumes here did not agree with her. It's rather cloying. Do you have a room with a balcony we can book? Some fresh air would improve her mood."

The skepticism remained, but when Jaune withdrew a money pouch from his jacket, the madame readily dropped that line of question, plus whatever other pesky inquiries she may have. Her eyes were lit up with greed.

"Let me see the rooms we have available," she said as she bustled behind the reception counter to consult a ledger. Her absence left a gap that allowed Jaune to notice a sign, set front and center of that counter, with words engraved in permanence on its surface.

What might it say? What poetic motto encapsulated the core essence for this house of pleasure?

"Please, do not ask for credit."​

In other words, money talks. How…grounded.

"The Gold Room is currently free, and it has a private balcony which offers a most beautiful view of the river. The sheets are made of silk, imported from—"

"I'll take it."

Showing her experience, she took the curt reply in stride, and changed her style of conversation to suit.

"The price is two hundred gold ones, for a maximum of an hour. Girls come separately, fifty upfront."

Jaune placed a second money pouch on the counter to total three hundred or so, thinking that he'd get the difference back. He did not. The madame left the bag where it laid, and swept her arms wide to indicate the courtesans.

She's going to pocket the extra coins on the sly, wasn't she?

"Very good, milord! Have any of the girls caught your fancy?"

He glanced at Tattletale, receiving no help there. Without her power, she was as lost as he. In lack of guidance, Jaune just pointed on a whim at one of the employees, the bouncy woman. The ensuing jeers and whines of disappointment only ended when the madame raised her voice. Afterward, she called to the selected courtesan.

"Verity, lead our esteemed guests to the Gold Room. And I had better hear that you've shown them the level of service our establishment is known for."

"Yes, Madame Prudence."

"And dear?" The older woman stopped Tattletale. She tried to pull her aside, but Tattletale would have none of it, dodging from her grasp, so the madame settled for speaking in a hush. "If you would like, you can step into this parlor here before you go, and I'll have one of my girls retouch your makeup. We have a new paint that will cover those unfortunate freckles of yours right up."

Shy Tattletale vanished, leaving outraged Tattletale.

Spitting mad, the girl snarled, "I think I'll live with my freckles, thanks. Just like you'll have to live with that itch, and the clap, the crab, the pox, the—" Jaune pressed his fingers over her lips to halt the tirade.

"Excuse us. She has been stressed lately, hence our coming here." He squinted his eyes in a glare, playing up the lover angle. "However, I expect an apology for your insinuation. Her freckles are cute."

Behind his hand, Tattletale squeaked.

"E-ehem, my apologies, miss," The shell-shocked madame managed to stutter out. The warmth she faked had disappeared due to the scathing remarks, and Jaune detected a tinge of panic to her, as if a dozen ignored symptoms had taken on new meaning in the past half a minute. Her eyes darted past them. "Verity! Hurry up and get to work!"

Subtext, distract them for me!

The prostitute executed an inept curtsy as Jaune and Tattletale turned their attention to her, and proceeded to—very happily—mould herself to Jaune's other side, towing the two of them to the staircase, whose wall was adorned by the many pictures of notable past employees.

Their ascent was slow going, hampered by the large number of people crowding the steps, who saw their last chance to tempt Jaune. They whispered promises in his ears of sensual delights. Soft hands caressed his arms and chest, moving ever lower until the boldest among them cupped his bulge. It opened the floodgate for competition between the courtesans, a game to arouse him to the limit, and he quickly hardened under their ministrations.

So threatened by the many contenders throwing their hat in the ring, the woman named Verity had to protect her claim. She did it by taking his hand and placing it on top of her bust.

…Not wanting to be rude (and for absolutely no other reasons), he gave her tit a firm squeeze. Fascinated, he brushed his fingers over her nipple, eliciting a sweet "Ahn~" to send a thrill up his spine. In return, Verity arched her back in encouragement, and slipped both arms behind his head, drawing him down.

Tattletale, who the woman seemed to have treated as an afterthought in all this, cleared her throat and brought their focus to the fact that they've stopped at the top of the stairs for a while now.

"Our room?" she pressed, while slapping away a couple of errant hands that were more interested in her than him. Jaune groaned in the realization that he'd have to walk around in his current condition.

The second floor, much like the lobby, featured wallpaper of a vivid red that cast everything in a rosy glow. Gold gildings decorated the door frames and furniture. Portraits of half-clothed or nude women, and abstract sculptures suggesting the same, lended the brothel an air of opulence mixed with eroticism, designed to excite those who walked within its halls.

Folding screens partitioned off corners to create places of intimacy throughout, divans occupied by couples who flirted and teased—and from fleeting glimpses, often moving onto more pleasurable things. City Watch guards were present to provide security, though Jaune hesitated to say they were doing a good job of it, what with the majority of them engaging in activities far outside their scope of responsibility.

Fucking. They were fucking.

Facilitating a rescue of the princess should be a breeze if this was the opposition they face.

At the far end of the hall can be heard a cacophony of voices, music, and laughter, muffled by a set of closed doors. As Verity was leading them towards it, Tattletale directed Jaune's attention to a piece of decoration hanging on the wall.

It was a rune.

Jaune mouthed 'no'. Tattletale mouthed 'yes'. He palmed his face when she used the opening of Verity walking ahead to the doors to dart over and snatched the rune from its resting place, running back and tucking it under his jacket just as Verity looked around.

"And here we have the pride and joy of the Golden Cat."

She threw open the doors to reveal the central rotunda, two massive floors arranged in an open space layout. Musicians played on harps to provide an ambient song for the room. Couches were nestled under trees and flowers, blending comfort with nature.

That may, perhaps, be the reason so many people have chosen to get back to the natural state of mankind, discarding their clothes to join together in a writhing mass. Decorum, standards, propriety, the trappings of civilization so valued by Dunwall's nobility fell by the wayside, replaced by simple lust. Couples, throuples, harems, reverse-harems, there were little distinctions as people switched to whatever group activity caught their fancy. Sexual acts that Jaune had not ever fathomed were performed for all to see.

Their guide snickered at the shocked look on Jaune's and Tattletale's faces.

"Would you prefer we stop here for a while? Normally, there is an additional charge, but I'm sure you two would be so popular that another patron will cover the cost in a heartbeat."

An overwhelmed Tattletale shook her head. "Nope. Nuh-uh." She ducked behind Jaune. "I'm fine staying outside of it. Jaune, let's go."

Verity glanced at him, and he shrugged.

"So the lady says."

This was way too high level for him, in any case. Like, he could not even guess at a name for what was happening over by that one corner. They appeared to be…imitating the spinning blades on a helicopter? Did helicopters exist yet in this universe? Tattletale had the right of it. Nope. Nuh-uh. Count him out.

Verity giggled, and said to Tattletale, "Don't worry, I understand you completely. I wouldn't want his eyes wandering too far from me, either. Two or three of the other girls, maybe. Anymore and I'd get lonely~"

Undermined by the need to maintain their cover story as an adventurous pair of lovers who did want to bring in a few paramours, Tattletale's vehement protests fell on deaf ears as Verity ushered them up another staircase. The woman took the opportunity to return Jaune's hand to her breasts, inviting him to thoroughly explore the expanse of soft flesh. Her moans set his blood afire, and he nearly missed the topmost step as they arrived at the new floor, which took the form of a mezzanine balcony wrapping around the interior of the rotunda. An entire section of the outer wall had been removed to grant the floor natural lighting, with an open air view of the city and river; a cool breeze flowed in to rustle the foliage.

This area exhibited a calmer, quieter mood. People were not as frantic, often conversing in leisure, casually disregarding their various states of undress. The space at the center allowed spectators, drinks in hand, to watch the orgy below during the lulls between their own carnal activities. At regular intervals along the wall, doors led off to private rooms, each bearing a title on a sign. Jaune spied one labeled 'Gold Room'.

Heavily turned on, Verity hurried them inside before shutting the doors and, unable to wait another second, the courtesan fell into Jaune's arms.

With a sleep dart stuck to her back.

Jaune looked beyond her to the culprit. "Oh, come on! You couldn't wait, Tattletale?"

"It was necessary for the mission. You should thank me for the initiatives I'm taking." She avoided his eyes, and her voice spoke in monotone.

"You know, with how skittish you're acting about sex, I would almost swear that you have even less experience than me."

Her silence told him the truth. He froze, then barked out a laugh. "And you had the gall to make fun of me for it, Ms. Virgin!"

"Shut uuuup! This is new for me, okay? Let's see you get a deductive superpower, and watch what it does to your love life. You would have puked on that girl when she first touched you."

Jaune opened his mouth to retort. Tattletale cut him off.

"Your power might then describe to you in detail how much she liked it, and that she wants to return the favor."

Jaune closed his mouth, and shuddered in disgust.

As Tattletale stormed off to dispose of the dart by throwing it off the private balcony, Jaune hauled Verity over to the bed. He laid her down, and drew the covers up.

"Should we leave some money?"

"Do it. I don't need superpowers to tell us that the fifty gold will go straight into the old biddy's pocket. This girl's livelihood is whatever she can earn in these rooms."

Jaune dropped a stack of coins on the nightstand. After Tattletale reminded him of the chaos that would probably visit this place in the next few days if they accomplish their objectives, he plonked down the last of their money pouches. Hopefully, it would let the courtesan tide over the coming lapse in business.

The doors to the Gold Room cracked open. Two pairs of eyes peeped out. The coast wasn't clear, people were around, but nobody paid actual notice to things outside of their little bubble unless it's wildly erotic. Two patrons, still clothed, should be boring enough to pass under the radar.

Jaune and Tattletale slipped out onto the main area, and began traveling along the wall on a path that would allow them to pass the other private parlors. At each one, they tested the handle to see if any unlocks. The plan was not particularly discreet, though at the same time the worst reaction they've garnered were indulgent chuckles from patrons who thought them a couple of voyeurs. Par for the course, in the Golden Cat.

They struck gold at the Smoke Room, for while they cannot open the door, pressing their ears to its surface lets them eavesdrop. A phrase recurred often in the conversation they heard, used to address one of the occupants. 'Lord Pendleton'.

"Let's nab him!" Tattletale suggested.

He considered the scenario. The room contained at least four people. In the event the pair effected an ambush, it'd get loud in short order. They might subdue one, maybe two, before the rest raised the alarm.

"Leave him alone. If we have trouble finding his brother or Emily, we can come back and risk it. Otherwise, we'll tell Corvo when we see him to let the professional handle the matter."

Sneaking away, they descended the stairs to repeat the same process on the first floor. To provide another layer of subterfuge, he snagged a glass of some fizzy, alcoholic drink that he wasn't familiar with off a serving tray and used it as a prop to appear casual, providing a cover for Tattletale to hide behind as she poked her head inside the various side rooms.

She discovered something in the Silver Room, but she refused to talk about it, and he wasn't sure he wanted to know given how fast she vacated that area. The Ivory Room, on the other hand…

"Tattletale, I think that's enough."

"Nnn."

"Unless he's hiding under the bed, the other Pendleton brother isn't in there."

Her hitched breaths was all that answered him, the girl captivated by the scene within the Ivory Room to the point that a glimpse had stretched on to become twenty or so seconds of her fidgeting in place. The situation resembled their alibi, two women and a man together on a bed, and rather than the animalistic rutting one would find out here, their acts ran softer, sweeter. It slipped past her guard, as her unpowered state hadn't bombarded her with information that would make her recoil. The result was a flushed, trembling Tattletale unsure of what to do.

When words failed to work, Jaune grabbed her shoulder and gave her a light shake.

She was still out of it when she looked up at him, dazed eyes blinking once, twice. As her senses returned, the half-lidded gaze transformed to a mortified expression.

"...Bye." She spun on her heels, and attempted to bolt out of the brothel. Jaune hooked an arm around her waist to reel her back.

"Whoa, whoa, whoa, it's cool. I understand."

"I would really rather that you don't, so erase that memory!"

Jaune laughed. "That's just the embarrassment talking. Nobody minds that you're a little perverted."

"Don't say it like that! I was only curious, that's all!"

"And it's natural to be curious, there is nothing to be ashamed of." With effort, Jaune schooled his face into a seemingly kind smile. "Look, there comes a time in everyone's life when they start to feel these urges—"

Tattletale was ready to run again, but paused as realization dawned. She scrutinized him with suspicion.

"You're screwing with me, aren't you?"

"No, you shot the prostitute before you and I could work up to that."

The corner of her lips twitched. Tattletale tried for a comeback; it died in her throat and a snicker slipped out unbidden. Biting down on her cheek, she shook in place as she suppressed the laughter that threatened to burst forth. Jaune waited for her mirth to subside.

Once she had regained control of herself, Tattletale pointed at him.

"We never mention this again."

A nod. "Except when it's funny."

She glared at him without heat, and hip-checked him in passing as she made for the rotunda's exit. Jaune hurried to match her pace.

"Hey, wait! There's a steam bath on the lower level. Aren't we going to take a look?"

They stopped, turning to examine the entrance to the Steam Room located near the central area. It had a towel rack and baskets with which to store clothes. Oh, and a massive orgy blocking the path to it.

"Nevermind. "

"Good call."

Reentering the hallway, they walked at a sedate speed, taking the time to study the situation. A few guards and courtesans still populated the space. By this point, only a single one held to a semblance of professionality. A group of employees were doing their best to change that, making a game of it to the amusement of the man's colleagues, who placed bets or shouted advice—mainly that he should stop handling his sword, and start handling his 'sword'.

Jaune felt a tug on his sleeve, and sent Tattletale a questioning look. She indicated a door on the far side of the hall, labeled 'Personnel Only'. He glanced again at the scene of merriment, noting who might have the door in their field of vision. A plan formed when he saw a divan set in the corner adjacent to the entry, half-hidden behind an ornamental folding screen. He led Tattletale to it, and invited her to sit down.

Then, Jaune grabbed the screen, and shifted it on an angle to better block the corner from sight.

"Did anyone notice that?" he asked.

"One woman did. She's saying something to the person next to her…" Tattletale chanced to switch on her power, and continued observing. "She's smirking. Thinks we're going to, um, you know. They don't care much. Seen it before. Joined in before—" Her nose scrunched and, with a struggle, she cut off that train of thought, closing her eyes.

"Bad?"

"They changed the couch. I didn't get what exactly happened here, but they already changed the couch, so it's fine. We don't need to burn this dress afterward."

"Keep thinking happy thoughts, Tattletale."

Jaune waited there behind the screen for confirmation that everybody had forgotten them. After that came a series of incremental movements, relocating the screen further and further to the side until it obscured the employee door. Tattletale was the first inside, ready with a number of believable excuses ("Ohoho, guide me to the powder room, peon.") should she meet a person there. Jaune followed on her heels, and closed the door behind themselves.

This side of the entryway put them on a staircase landing, one that stood in stark contrast to the luxurious atmosphere they just left. An old, stained carpet laid on a scuffed floor. The plaster on the walls was falling off, and pieces of broken furniture were stuffed in a corner for later disposal. Water dripped from leaking pipes. There were no decorative plants to spruce up the place, nor signs of casual life. Behind the fantasy of the Golden Cat existed a drab, mundane house of little note.

Opposite them laid a partially opened door. It's in better shape than the rest of the area. A mailbox rested beside it, with a chair in case anyone needed to sit as they wait.

Tattletale put the clues together.

"The madame's office." She tilted her head. "It's occupied."

Neither needed to say a word. Together, they crept up alongside the door, peering in.

The office followed the trend of dim lights and barebone features, though improved by the framed portraits of—presumably—previous madames hanging on the walls. Someone had dropped a table, a chair, and a cabinet into the center and called it a day. Markings of furniture long since removed spoke of better days gone. Madame Prudence was standing by the table, hunched over a book.

"Writing in a ledger. Muttering. Muttering names…and checking the map on the wall. She's recording who's in what room." Tattletale flashed a predatory grin, all teeth bared. "Wait for her to finish. The moment she's done, we get her."

"Right!" Jaune acknowledged.

They did not have to wait for long. Minutes later, the madame completed the last stroke of a name and laid down her fountain pen. Jaune took that as his cue. His vision narrowed to a point, and his arm came up. A finger snap, and the sleeve of his overcoat whipped in the air as a sleep dart launched from the wristbow beneath. His aim was true, and the dart stabbed into the shoulder of Madame Prudence.

The concoction affected her at once, and she lost control of her facial expressions, a yelp fading to a slurring yawn, with her limbs loosening. Jaune rushed forward, seizing her before she hit the floor. He tossed her into the chair.

A stroke of inspiration prompted him to rearrange her form. Arms crossed on the desk surface, head went on top, pushed the chair in, and…voilà.

Anybody stopping by here in the next few hours would see a woman napping.

Skipping back to Tattletale, Jaune raised his hand above her. "High-five! We did good!"

Tattletale's palm met her forehead instead of his hand.

"You weren't supposed to knock her out!"

Jaune stumbled to a halt. "Say what?"

"I said to get her—"

"Yeah." He mimed aiming the wristbow. "Fwip. Got her."

"—as in capturing her, to ply her for information on Emily's whereabouts."

…

Ahhhh. Jaune looked at Tattletale, then at the unconscious woman who certainly won't be waking up for the rest of the afternoon, then at Tattletale once more.

Stumped on how to fix his mistake, he dithered, scratching his cheek in the awkward silence. When no solution presented itself, his gaze fell to the floor in shame. If it was possible for a gloomy rain cloud to appear over him, it would have.

"That was my bad. Sorry, Tattletale."

The speech that Tattletale was building up to deflated to nothing, her annoyed posture slackening.

"No, it's…communication issues. Stuff like that happens." She waved a hand dismissively. "We'll work on it in the future. For now, let's check around for clues." She made a beeline for the ledger. " *whisper*...like a fucking puppy, I swear…*whisper* "

While Tattletale perused the records, Jaune searched the madame's pockets, finding a key. He moved on to the cabinet, which held a number of knick-knacks irrelevant to their purposes. Scanning the room, his gaze alighted on a stack of papers.

Tattletale beat him to it. She flipped through the stack, skimming at a feverish speed until she snatched one out of the pile.

"Yes! I'm amazing!" She spun the piece of paper around and pushed it at his face. "Jaune, I got it. The princess is being kept in the dormitories, somewhere above us. Prudence carries a master key for all the doors on her—" She saw the key he was holding. "That's the one!" Tattletale raised her hand for a high-five, and he slapped it on instinct.

"Do you have the location of the other Pendleton brother?"

"I do. Turns out he was in the steam baths. Room Two."

And that was three for three on where to find every objective of their mission.

"We head upward, first," he decided. "See what rooms this key opens. One of them will have Emily Kaldwin."

Leaving the office, Jaune was careful to shut the door, and since he now had the master key, secured it for good measure. The next level up held one such locked entryway. No sounds came from within, however, and on gaining access revealed an empty bedroom. The madame's if he had to guess. Better furnished than the office, if still shabby compared to the furniture used on the brothel side.

For the sake of thoroughness, Jaune checked the nooks and crannies, like under the bed.

"Nothing."

"Something~"

Jaune turned towards the other corner of the room, seeing a happy Tattletale showing off a couple of orbs half the size of her fists. Behind her, a chest with its lid unlatched.

"Lookie. Pearls."

"They're not yours."

"They shouldn't be Prudence's either," Tattletale countered. "Reason one, she's holding a child captive. Two, she mistreats her employees. Three, she forces them to give her their pay. Four, these are the crimes I've discovered so far. Is it really stealing if we take from a person like that? I call it justice. Justice!"

"Why not give those pearls to the employees, then?"

The grin flickered. "Do not. It'd only need one person to squeal and whoever we hand this to will become reason number five."

Jaune searched her face for a hint of that being a joke. There were none.

"...Alright."

Tattletale fist-pumped in victory. "Hell yeah! Now grab that bone charm from the mantelpiece, if you don't mind."

Give an inch and take a mile, this girl.

He walked to the fireplace, and sure enough there was a small talisman of similar design to the one tucked under his shirt. Greed bubbled up in his chest. They were connected in some way with the Void. Activated by its presence, which he now carried wherever he went. Without thinking, Jaune reached out, then hesitated and looked at Tattletale again. She offered encouraging gestures, smiling bright.

Oh, what the hell. He plucked the charm from its resting place, to much applause from the peanut gallery. The moment his hand touched it, an icy chill rushed up his arm as another boon took hold. Jaune checked the Company Scroll for an explanation.

Bone Charm
Universe: Dishonored
Harmless superstition, or foul witchery? Good luck charm, or the conduit to a place Outside?
That's not up to you to decide.
Under certain circumstances, this accessory is capable of granting esoteric abilities.
Effect:
Strong Arms - slight increase in strength, limited to the arms, from shoulder to fingertips.

Very useful, despite the vagueness. He'd have to test what a 'slight increase' translated to in terms of performance later on.

"From your ecstatic face, I'm guessing it's a good result?"

"Yup, and easier to understand than the previous one, too." Jaune stowed the charm with the other accessory, and swept his gaze over the bedroom. "Still no princess to be found, though. Next floor?"

"Let's."

A return to the stairs, a last flight of steps, and they were standing on the topmost level. The worst part of the brothel that they have seen by far.

The peek Jaune got inside the empty dormitory delivered a sobering view into the life of a Golden Cat prostitute. It was no glamorous thing. The outfit she wore for work may be the fanciest thing she owned.

The women lived dozens to a room. What personal possessions they owned laid under their beds, or next to ratty, old mattresses spread on the floor. Narrow windows, drafty and caked in grime, were the sole sources of light.

"Jaune, over here," Tattletale called from up ahead. She was crouched at a closed door, trying to catch a glimpse of the interior through a keyhole. Jaune padded over with the key.

Creeeeak.

The door swung open on rusty hinges. Most of the space was bare. Incongruously, rich curtains in red covered the far wall. A keen eye would spot the nails securing them to block the window. In lieu of it, Candlelight provided illumination.

A corner of the room had been partitioned off by assorted pieces of random furniture. A mattress, a child's drawings, a pair of shoes…the shoes moved. They twitched, then pulled behind an upended coffee table. After a couple of seconds, a head poked above it.

"Who are you people?" the girl asked in a wary tone.

Short, dark hair. Young age. A certain Corvo-like demeanor that said she would not hesitate to attack if they failed to give her a satisfactory answer.

Quite possibly, Emily Kaldwin.

Tattletale's widening grin confirmed it. "We're your rescuers, princess. Say hello, Jaune."

Jaune showed a friendly smile to the kid, and threw a sloppy salute.

"Emily, right? We were hired by Corvo to take you out of this place."

The name did the trick. She brightened with a hopeful look, and scrambled out from cover to rush at them.

"Corvo—he's alive!? Is he here? They said he was dead—in the prison, with an ax—I knew they were lying!" Her voice rose in volume as she stammered on and on, head darting over their shoulders as if she would spot Corvo walking in any second now.

Jaune took a knee to match their eye levels, and did his best to calm her down before somebody heard. Meanwhile, Tattletale explained.

"He had to take a different route, but he was so worried about you that he sent us ahead." She extended a hand to pat the younger girl on the head, sweetly chirping, "You'll get to see him soon."

Smack.

Tattletale held her slapped hand, staring blankly in shock as Emily withdrew out of her reach, behind Jaune.

"I'm not dumb. People always use that voice when they want to lie to me. I don't trust you."

"Oh, ho. Hoho." Tattletale narrowed her eyes. "How precious."

"Don't go fighting a girl younger than you, Tattletale," Jaune cautioned. "She didn't mean it. And Emily, I can assure you that my friend here means well. She's bad at expressing her kind side, but she's a good person." He thought about what he said, and amended. "Maybe…some of the time…on a rare occasion."

Tattletale whined, "Boo! Whose side are you on?"

"But am I wrong, though?"

Emily giggled as Tattletale fell silent. The latter winked at Jaune from an angle the girl could not see.

The laughter soon ended, and Emily pulled on Jaune's shirt to get his attention.

"Is Corvo really coming?"

"Definitely, and you know what? I'll go get him." He dropped a hand on her head, and ruffled her hair—Tattletale growled when he didn't earn a slap from the princess for that. On her part, Emily showed a displeased face at the prospect of staying behind with Tattletale for company, and had to be dissuaded on the idea of moving as a group through the main brothel area. She understood the reason, at least, and as he left, the two of them were setting to the task of tearing a strip off the curtains for use as a hood that would conceal her face.

The last he heard upon leaving earshot was Emily asking "Why does he call you a tattletale?"

He remained undiscovered as he descended the staircase. Back on the level he entered from, he checked in on the madame's office to ensure nobody had unlocked the door in his absence, before returning to the ritzier section of the brothel.

It did not hold the same allure as the first go-round, not after his tour of the underside hidden behind the walls. There may have been a truth to the fantasy once, as seen in the gallery of past stars taking pride of place, but no longer.

He charted a wandering course, staying on the periphery while flitting between the floors with catlike, ninja grace.

"Oh, my. Are you alone? Let me keep you company, milord~"

"That's okay, miss. I'm just passing by."

Catlike, ninja grace.

"Hello, handsome. Fancy a tumble with me?"

"And with her twin?"

"And us, too?"

"N-no. I'm fine. Got my own appointment waiting and everything."

Catlike, ninja grace.

"Could you help the two of us settle a little debate?"

"Whose butt is better, in your opinion? My tight, plush rear or…"

"Mrphlshgurgle—*choking noises*"

…Catlike…ninja…

Oh, who was he kidding? He attracted notice wherever he roamed, fending off propositions with increasing regret. After a fruitless circuit of the rotunda, Jaune retreated—light-headed—to the divan in the corner, taking a pause to calm down, let certain things settle, and reassess his plan.

Once his mind cleared, Jaune saw the path forward. He closed his eyes, and channeled his inner Ren.

Now, if he was the cool, silent assassin type who wanted to avoid notice, where would he hide?

"He wants to return home. Less, with each new day."​

Above!

He snapped his head up towards the ceiling, from whence the creepy whispers emanated, and met the gaze of a metal skull. The dark figure was crawling on an overhead ledge that encircled the hall, located near the top of the walls, meant for showcasing curios and plant pots. People hadn't realized, because people never look up.

Jaune waved. Corvo waved back.

He then pointed a thumb at the entryway, the gesture acknowledged with a nod. Sidling off the couch, he turned the doorknob, and left the hall.

Corvo was already there, leaning on the railings.

"Wha—" He whirled to look back the way he came, then spun to the man. "How did you get here before me? The door was shut!"

Infuriatingly, the man just shrugged his shoulders.

Perhaps his teleportation functioned without line of sight. Still, the maneuver would have involved phasing to an unknown location and a posture change from horizontal to vertical in an instant. The first was a risk, the second defied logic. Something else was at work.

"Heh. If this was a fantasy novel, I would have thought you were a timestopper."

Corvo froze at the off-hand comment.

…No frigging way. This guy was playing around with space and time, while Jaune got from the Outsider the equivalent of those telescopic pointer sticks that university professors use?

Seeeeethe.

It must have shown on his face, because Corvo coughed, and deliberately changed the subject.

"How have you fared? I do not see your companion with you. Is she unharmed?"

"Yeah, she's fine," Jaune shook off his envy, and flashed a victory sign. "Better yet, she is with Emily up top. Follow—" In the space of a blink, Corvo vanished— "me. Well, alright then."

He retraced the path to the dormitories and heard the reunion before he saw it. In the princess's former prison two people laughed their hearts out. Corvo, unmasked, swung Emily around in his arms, an uncharacteristic grin on his face as the girl whooped in delight. Tattletale stood to the side to give them space.

He sidled over to her, nudging her on the side.

"Heartwarming, isn't it?"

She squeed under her breath. "We did it, we are soooo getting paid!"

Of course. Don't know what he expected. Then again, was that her only thoughts on the matter, or a mask she wore? He leaned down, studying her closely.

"Stop looking at meeee!"

Proving that he had heard them, Corvo said, "Yes, you will be paid handsomely for what you have done today. Thank you, truly."

"No big deal," Jaune replied. "Happy to help."

He played cool, but internally? Shit, hearing such honest gratitude felt amazing.

Tattletale cut in. "You gotta remember the bonus too, 'kay? We've located the Pendleton brothers. Custis is in the Smoking Room on the third floor, and Morgan can be found in room Two of the steam baths for another hour or so."

"That…that is impressive. I had worried the detour I took would result in my failure, but you've accomplished more than I can imagine in your time here."

"And?"

He chuckled. "And, yes, I will ensure you get your bonus."

The man's good mood then slowly faded, leaving a troubled expression. He seemed to be having difficulty finding the words, and his grip tightened on Emily.

The assassin faced a choice. Staying with his (secret) daughter, or completing the mission. She solved the dilemma for him.

"I can leave first, um, with them?" Emily pointed at the pair of Jaune and Tattletale. "I know where there's a special door to come and go, for very important people! I almost escaped through it twice! They can lead me out, while you take care of those horrible brothers?"

"Are you certain this is what you want?" Corvo asked, hesitant.

She rapidly nodded. "Those men were awful, and absolutely mean to me!"

Jaune took a big step back from Corvo, as did Tattletale. They did not envy the two Pendletons at the moment. The look on the assassin promised death, or worse.

"I understand, Emily." Corvo put her down. "Your plan has merit—that is," he turned his gaze on the two otherworld travelers, "if you are amenable to this arrangement."

"We do need to leave the building," answered Tattletale first, with Jaune following up.

"And we're headed to the same boat anyway." The man appeared to still have reservations on leaving his daughter, and so Jaune continued. "Nothing around here can stop me, you know that. You go do your job, I'll get her to safety."

He gripped Jaune by the arm, and leveled an intent scowl at him. "Do you swear?"

The answer came easy.

"Sure. Promise, man."

Corvo continued to match his gaze, searching for signs of deceit. Until, he gave a firm nod, and moved to Emily to bid her a temporary farewell. Then, he was gone, slipping around the corner as a shadow.

Left behind, the little princess did not remain idle. She grabbed Jaune by the hand and pulled him along towards the stairs, running down it with Tattletale on their heels. They breezed past the main office unchallenged, tip-toed at the ground floor landing to not alert the courtesans in the lobby, then continued below that to a basement level that hosted a simple metal door. Above it, a signboard engraved with the words 'V.I.P. Exit'.

"Pretty clear that this is it. I'll take point, and check for guards. Tattletale, watch our tail, and Emily can stay between the two of us." He grasped the door handle.

"He promised. That means something."​

He jolted, twisting to peer at their surroundings, and at the higher floor. Was that a glint of steel in the darkest corner?

"Jaune, what's up?"

"...Nothing, Tattletale. Must have been hearing things."

Lucky for them, the space beyond the door was devoid of other people. It also ill suited the pretentious name given by the Golden Cat's management. The business didn't exactly roll out the red carpet for guests using the route. The room was just a loading area for supplies that happened to lead out the back of the building. VIP entrance, indeed.

They crossed the space, and the master key perfectly fitted the lock to the exit at the far side, depositing them into a long tunnel. There were people populating the vicinity, though their ragged clothes and the indications of meals and makeshift beds in the passageway marked them as those that have gravitated to this place after losing their homes, and unaffiliated to the Golden Cat.

Their group garnered some glances for their manner of dress as they walked down the tunnel, and the inhabitants made sure to maintain a wide berth from them. The wariness spoke of harsh experiences with the patrons employing the brothel's back entrance.

The gradual brightening of the passage let them know when they were close to its terminus, and Emily picked up her pace, though Jaune matched her easily with his strides. They spied the end of the alley after brushing past a strange elderly woman—who insisted on taking whiffs of him for unstated reasons, muttering something about dark eyes—and the girl broke into a run on the last stretch.

And then, the trio were outside, standing on the curb of a main thoroughfare, in a part of the city that has retained a bit of life. Nowhere fancy, its pedestrians were of the working sort. Shops yet kept their doors open for business, and personal vehicles traveled on the rails installed in the street. Nobody recognized the little girl wearing a red hood over her head looking up at the sky.

"Sniff, sniff."

Jaune and Tattletale both blinked, then peered down at the princess.

"Are you okay? What's wrong?" he asked, worried, though he needn't be.

The glimpse of her face under the red hood was not of pain, but joy.

"I-I finally did it." Another sniffle. "It's been so long. Months, you know?"

Jaune did his best to not cry himself. Tattletale had no such qualms, wiping a teardrop from her eye.

"Yeah…yeah, I get it, Emily."

The streets were dirty. The air smelled of smoke. The city's in turmoil, and trouble lay on the horizon.

But the sky sure was blue.


Author's Notes:
One of Tattletale's bad habits is coming out. "Just a little crime is okay", "it doesn't really hurt anyone", "think of it like a game of cops and robbers". It didn't end well when the shoulder devil did it in Worm canon.

I've taken a few liberties. You're not going to see an orgy if you play the game, because Bethesda and other studios aren't crazy enough to make a AAA, XXX game for mass consumption, what with rules set down by Sony/Microsoft/Nintendo/etc. There are also hardware limitations in what they can reasonably program at the time. They do, however, choose to suggest things in the details. In-game, strewn haphazardly about the public areas of Golden Cat are discarded clothes, both male and female, to show what activities might take place in the building.
Last edited: Apr 6, 2025
Stories:
QQ Sneaking His Way into the Multiverse , a RWBY Jaune, WC-lite mechanics story.
Other RWBY stories on AO3 or FF - Yakuza Arc | Conquered Menagerie: Annals of the Sixth Kingdom | Cat, Bunny, and the Good Ship Honey Starbright | The Agent
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, RSR2000, Amdiranifani and 850 others
LazyAutumnMoon
Sep 13, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 14: We Quell the Rebellion for Queen and Country
View content
LazyAutumnMoon
LazyAutumnMoon
We all need Sundancer in our life.
JoinedJun 7, 2024
Messages289
Likes received68,284
Sep 29, 2024
Add bookmark
#199
Whatever fate befell the Pendleton brothers, Jaune never found out.

Were they strung up in front of the brothel guests as an example for enemies of the crown? Perhaps, they simply suffered unfortunate accidents, dead via a scalding blast of steam in the Baths or a bad supply in the hookah pipes of the Smoking Room. It's also conceivable that they were, in actual fact, still alive at this time, whisked away by associates of Corvo to where they will no longer see the light of day.

One man knew, and he refused to say, assuring them that the matter had been resolved to his satisfaction. Jaune supposed it came down to what flavor of vengeance the former bodyguard ascribed to.

It was not mercy the brothers received, was all Tattletale could derive from the clues.

To Emily Kaldwin, none of that mattered. Rescued from her tormentors, reunited with the person she regarded as the closest thing to a father, the princess to the Empire of the Isles looked towards the future, not the past, and reveled in her freedom, head turning every which way to absorb the sights she had missed during her captivity. Among the many points of fascination, the two strangers who aided in her escape.

And as Jaune once again activated Crocea Mors, transforming the sheath to a shield, the girl stared agog.

"Wooooow!" she exclaimed to Jaune's delight.

Why couldn't people from Remnant be more like Emily? On any occasion his classmates ask him to demonstrate the sword's mechashift, it's always "Show us the third form!" and "Does it turn into a gun?", with never a speck of appreciation for what he thought was a very practical bit of gadgetry.

"This thing's been through a war, so don't think of it as a showpiece," he bragged. "It's slain monsters, protected settlements from bandits, and seen all kinds of adventures!"

Starry-eyed, the princess looked at Crocea Mors as if it were a treasure.

"Ahem."

The cough came from Corvo. In a casual manner, he twirled the handle of his sword. With a series of soft clicks, the blade unfolded and snapped into place. He brandished it to catch the sunlight.

His face fell in disappointment when Emily did not take notice, riveted as she was on the details of Jaune's weapon, her hand tracing the twin-crescent emblem of the Arc family. The ornate gildings lent it a regal air, so befitting a weapon used by heroes in times past, and even on first glance, one could just imagine the stories it had played a part in. Contrast that with the folding sword of an assassin, a wicked thing built to inspire dread. It was no contest.

Jaune shrugged his shoulders while showing an apologetic expression to Corvo. The man accepted it with good grace. That ended as Emily opened her mouth to speak.

"Are you, um…by any chance, are you a prince?"

And now Corvo was looking at him like his last name was Pendelton.

Before he could answer, Tattletale cut into the conversation, cooing, "Awww, how sweet~ He does give an impression of one, doesn't he? Fancy clothes, fancy sword, saving people left and right, a face that can charm a princess…" Emily flinched. Tattletale grinned. "But honey, he's as close to a peasant as you will find."

"Hurtful", he commented. Hard to argue, though. No identity, no home or job. Pockets full of stolen goods. A squatter. Also, technically speaking, hadn't he dropped out of school?

What a catch.

Tattletale waved him off to continue. "The world isn't like the fairy tales, Emily, that it would be kind to sweet, dainty girls. Better to be like me, who knows what's what and can take care of herself." She crossed her arms, and nodded in the fashion of one who had dispensed sage wisdom.

"I bet you're just mooching off of him."

Tattletale's composure cracked like glass.

"Hah? Say that again, little girl! He would be dead without me!"

The two of them sniped back and forth, and things devolved into an argument from there, one that lasted the rest of the trip. Jaune chimed in from time to time for the sake of reigning in Tattletale, preempting her more acerbic retorts, while the princess mounted a defense with surprising skill; a royal education must have left its mark. It made for a boisterous journey from the Golden Cat, and came to a close with the sighting of the Hound Pits Pub.

They arrived on the docks to a welcome party consisting of Joplin the inventor, Treavor Pendleton, and a woman who Jaune learned was to be Emily' caretaker. Further along, the Pub was rousing into a hive of activity, servants running pell-mell to prepare for royalty staying on the premises, while the rank and file Loyalists craned their necks to get a glimpse of their future ruler. She waved, and a cheer went up to startle the girl.

Amidst this scene of celebration, the only person to not crack a smile was Pendleton. A sullen glare greeted Jaune, Tattletale, and Corvo as they approached him.

"It's done then? They're…gone?"

Corvo nodded. "Gone. Never to have another night at the royal court. The title, the votes, the power, they're yours now."

A myriad of emotions passed by Pendleton's face. It settled into despondency.

"The Loyalist Conspiracy thanks you for your work." A shaky breath. He worked his jaw, trying to find the words. "I don't know if I can. My own brothers…" His gaze fell to the ground.

"So, didya have our payment ready?" Tattletale asked with a bright smile, and Jaune slapped a hand over his face.

"Fucking—! He just lost his family, have some tact!"

"What? The guy hates them, asks us to kill them, then resents us after we gave him everything he ever wanted in life?" Tattletale scoffed. "Come off it. Half of that was for show, so he can welch on the payment."

Immediately, Jaune and Corvo looked back to the noble.

"I—That is—Why, I never!" The indignant spluttering garnered nothing except flat stares from the people present.

"Are we getting paid?" Jaune asked point blank.

"Of course!"

Tattletale muttered under her breath. "Well, now we are."

"We are simply," Pendleton waffled a bit, "in the process of gathering the requested funds and goods. It won't do for us to attract notice, hence it shall require a while longer." His eyes flicked to the side, searching for a way out of the conversation. "M–More importantly, I have news of our next step! Havelock left me these instructions." He rifled through his pockets. "Ah. Here we are."

"Havelock isn't here?" Corvo asked as he took the sheet of paper, reading it. Tattletale went on the tips of her toes to get a peek.

"He and Martin both had matters elsewhere to take care of, and entrusted me with briefing you on your mission."

"Anton Sokolov. You want me to abduct the Royal Physician?"

Now, where did he hear that name before? Jaune mulled it over to arrive at the memory of a glowing, red vial. The man was the one who created an elixir that was supposed to stave off the Rat Plague, Piero Joplin's hated rival.

Meanwhile, Pendleton answered Corvo. "It is a risky move, I know. However, Martin and Havelock have discovered a momentous opportunity. One of the greatest obstacles to us deposing Burrows is his mistress. She's powerful, she's wealthy, and nobody has a clue of her identity except for Sokolov, who painted her portrait."

Corvo got it. "He'd be able to tell us her name."

"Hey," Jaune raised a hand to draw their attention, "just a quick question…why kidnap him at all? Is getting the information from him not enough?"

The Pendleton brothers were scum, from what he had heard. Confined a young girl to a windowless room for months on end. Forced people to work to their deaths in silver mines, a la Jaques Schnee. There were even stories of tormented pets and mysterious disappearances of servants. The two men preyed on those weaker than them.

What had Sokolov done, then, to warrant tearing him away from his normal life? Was he a puppy-kicker?

"He cooperated with the new regime," Corvo offered as an answer, though he, too, seemed unsure. "The Wall of Light is his work, as are the Watchtowers. The man has a part in this, indirect as it may be."

Tattletale, unable to resist interjecting into the discussion, pointed out, "In practical terms, it's so he can't tell anyone they're aiming for the mistress," She then snapped her fingers, and whirled on the aristocrat. "And you'd deny his talents to your enemies. In fact, if you flip him to your side, that's both genius inventors in Dunwall under your thumb." She read the expression on Pendleton, and puffed up in smug superiority. "Didn't realize that, did you? I wonder if anybody else did but me. Hehehe."

Pendleton clenched his fists, temper building near towards his limit. With great effort, he ignored her to focus on Corvo.

"I'm not the one to talk to about this, and we cannot wait around for Havelock or Martin to return. They have, however, assured me it is critical to our cause that we obtain Sokolov, and I place more trust in them than I do the objections of some mercenary."

In other words, this was no longer Jaune's business, so butt out. And, to be fair, he did not really have a stake in the conflict. To him, Anton Sokolov was a mere name; to the Loyalists, an enemy, and a target of great tactical worth in light of Tattletale's revelations. Corvo appeared to be convinced of this course, at any rate.

Pendleton held up three fingers. "Sokolov splits his time between the palace, the Academy of Natural Philosophy, and his residence on Kaldwin's Bridge, spending days at each location. The last of the three is, undoubtedly, the least guarded. You'd need to leave now to catch him there, before he goes on the move again and we lose access to him for weeks."

On hearing his allies wanted to send him out this soon after reconnecting with Emily, Corvo hesitated to agree with the request. More so, when the princess noticed the group looking her way, and misunderstood that their business had concluded at last. She dashed over to them, hopping in excitement.

"Corvo! Callista said she'd show me my room. Can we go see it?"

That energy slowly bled out of Emily with each passing second as Corvo explained the situation at hand. A fragile smile remained, the best that the young girl could muster to hide her dejection.

"I understand," was her reply once Corvo finished speaking. Nobody there, not even Pendleton, missed the subdued mood.

Everybody jumped in shock as Jaune clapped his hands together. Injecting as much cheer into his voice as he could, he said, "Hey, I've always been curious about how royalties live! Why don't me and her," he gestured to Tattletale, "go take a look with you?"

Emily perked up, while Corvo directed a hopeful gaze towards him, spotting the solution to his dilemma.

Jaune then leaned over and whispered for only his companion to hear. "Is that cool with you? Since we have to wait around for our pay anyway, we can keep her company until Corvo gets back."

Tattletale glanced down at the princess. A smile reminiscent of a fox grew wide on her face.

"Might as well~"

All of a sudden, Emily looked a lot less sure about this.


-o-​


Tattletale opened the door to Emily's quarters, situated in the derelict tower next to the pub, and stepped inside. For the sake of fairness, she kept her eyes closed.

"Little miss princess is in the wardrobe. Jaune's under the desk."

Two groans rang out from the aforementioned places to confirm her deductions, thus ending another lightning round of hide and seek. As soon as she exited the wardrobe, Emily pointed an accusing finger at the older girl.

"You're cheating!"

Unrepentant, Tattletale strutted to the center of the room, spreading her arms wide.

"And?" she boldly declared to all and sundry. "I used every advantage I had to seize victory. You call it cheating, I say that's playing the game as intended. It's no worse than what Jaune did."

At the reminder, Emily turned on him with a pout, and Jaune scratched his cheek in mild embarrassment. She still hadn't forgiven him for using his superior athleticism to climb up on the rafters, forcing her to spend a good ten minutes confused and lost as she tried to find him.

What? Hide and seek was serious business.

Hoping to soothe the girl's ire, Jaune lowered himself to her eye level, and put a hand on her shoulder in comfort. "Don't mind her, Emily. Are you having fun?" He smiled, kindly, when she gave an affirmative. "Then that's what really matters. We're friends here, and it's fine when someone else wins. This is nothing serious, after all. And if you think her skills are unfair, know that we each have our own strengths, including you. Focus on that." He stood up. "Now, I believe it's your turn to play seek."

Reinvigorated by his speech, the princess sprinted out the door to start her countdown.

"That was sweet."

"My sisters can get the same way sometimes. I just happen to know the things to say."

Tattletale nodded in understanding. "We should probably go easy on her."

Jaune laughed in good humor.

"Twenty…Nineteen…Eighteen…"

As one, boy and girl ran for the open window of the room, fighting and shoving each other to climb out.

"Shouldn't you be letting her win? Go away!" Tattletale snarked.

"Hell no!" Jaune shot back. "I've been keeping this place in reserve, and I'm not wasting it! Hide under the bed or something." He got a scoff in return.

By this stage of the game, the hiding spots have been depleted. The top of the wardrobe, within the curtains, even burying oneself among the dolls or the psychological ploy of standing behind the door would be treading old grounds. The Loyalists provided furnishings, sure, but the path to the tower involved either a ladder or a rickety walkway that the movers could break their necks on. As a result, the princess had little beyond a bed, a desk, and storage, though the toys and flowers were a thoughtful touch. The fineries one might find in a palace—grand pianos, divans, sculptures, and the like—were luxuries for such a time when she was reinstated in her home.

But outside the window? Right on one of the ledges that remained after the rest of the building collapsed into the sea? It counted as part of the tower, allowing a hider to win on a technicality, and a seeker's preconceptions will more often than not eliminate it as a possibility. A stroke of genius, in other words.

Jaune succeeded in climbing through the opening first, and pressed a foot on the broken planks as a test. Once he confirmed they were secure enough to stand on, he set his weight on them, then scooted to the side to put his body out of view. He frowned as Tattletale followed his lead, taking up the other side. She glared right back at him.

"I was here first."

"I thought of it first."

A voice from further off reached their ears. "Ready or not, here I come!"

The two of them made shushing motions at one another. Inside, they heard the door open, and the pitter-patter of the princess rushing from one corner to the next, checking on the obvious hiding places. A minute went by, and the footsteps became slower, the girl putting more thought into the search. She started to employ a methodical approach, leaving no nook or cranny unexamined.

Too bad for her, she missed them, passing the window without a single cursory peek. Jaune had to chuckle at his devious plan. Tattletale did, too.

"Heheh. Heh."

She was rather loud, however, causing him to mutter, "Quiet, now, or she'll hear us."

To the contrary, Tattletale refused to lower her volume. Curious, he turned his head in her direction, and noticed that rather than mischief or the usual smugness, she seemed wary, almost…scared.

"W-We're pretty high up, huh?"

She gave another nervous laugh, and pressed further against the wall. Her side of the ledge was shorter than his end. The tips of her shoes extended over the edge. She was trying, and failing, to not look down, no doubt regretting she ever considered this a good idea.

"Hey, it's alright," Jaune whispered in a soothing tone to assuage her fear. "You have Aura. This fall is nothing."

"You said we would still feel pain…"

"The pain is temporary." That did not reassure her any, judging from how her limbs locked up. "Look, the footing is solid. Your posture is firm. You're going to be fine."

"R-Right."

He chose a different tack. "The one thing you need to do, is to stay in the same spot. Sounds easy, don't it?"

That appeared to have done the job, and her worried expression began to clear.

"Right!"

Calming, Tattletale placed a hand over her heart, and recovered her breath. The familiar grin flickered on, just in time for a strong gust of wind to blow past, whipping her off-balance.

Before she could scream, Jaune clamped a hand onto her arm to steady her.

"Ohcrapcrapcrap, thank you for that!" she blurted in a rush, eyes squeezed shut.

"No problem, but…" he snickered. "Seriously, you're so lame."

"So lame," Emily echoed.

Both Jaune and Tattletale looked at the girl poking her head through the window.

""Ah.""

"I found you!" she declared in triumph. Then, peeking over the edge, she continued. "Can I give that a try? It looks fun."

Jaune imagined what Corvo would do to him if he agreed to the request, and blanched.

"Let's maybe not. I think we can stop this game now. I'll admit that it's gotten a little out of hand."

Shooing Emily back, he helped Tattletale climb inside. By the time he entered after her, she was clutching the bed frame in a deathgrip.

"Whoever's idea it was to put the leader of the country in a tower was an idiot!"

That got a chuckle out of him.

"What?"

"There's a fairy tale where I come from, titled the Girl in the Tower. She was supposed to be a princess, too. It's a classic scenario, and I'll just bet it happened loads of times before."

Tattletale shot him a glare. "And how did that work out for her?"

"She escaped the tower, married a prince, and lived happily ever after. Duh."

"I envy her. Escaping this tower sounds like a great plan," she grumbled.

She got her wish. As they've thoroughly explored Emily's quarters by now, and it held no more secrets to be found, the princess was raring to go elsewhere and restart the process again. The pub, with rooms galore and the prospect of snacks, became the natural destination. For two hours, they ran up and down, to and fro, never a moment's rest. Jaune and Tattletale earned the eternal ire of Callista the caretaker that day, for she witnessed Emily's many antics, and realized what a hellion the two of them had created and would drop in her lap later.

The fun and games ended with the trio occupying a booth in the pub's main area. On the table laid a spread of simple, but filling, fares. Potato leek soup, potato casserole, fried potato wedges, baked potato, potato mash, boiled potato bits…

Alright, a little too simple, but Jaune wasn't about to complain to the chef. Maybe vitamins didn't exist yet in this era. It sated their hunger, and that was the important part.

Halfway through the meal, Farley Havelock made his appearance, emerging from the back of the pub. He caught sight of them, of the princess in particular. Pure elation swept across his face, and the admiral hurried to their table, whereupon he bowed low.

"Princess Emily, welcome. I am Admiral Farley Havelock, and it is good you are safe. My apologies for not being here to greet you earlier, and know that we all are gladdened by your presence."

Emily sat straighter, and assumed a serious demeanor.

"I thank you for your aid in my rescue, admiral."

"Please," he placed a hand over his heart, "we both know that it was Corvo who made this possible. I merely play a humble part."

Sitting between Havelock and Emily, Tattletale mimed gagging to provoke a burst of giggles from the princess. Havelock scowled, but kept a rein on his temper as he scanned the room.

"Is Corvo not here?"

Jaune answered, "He's off to grab Anton Sokolov."

"Good. Very good!" The admiral was delighted by the news.

Out of the corner of his eyes, Jaune noticed Tattletale on the opposite side of the booth tensing up. She stared at the man oddly, scrutinizing him. Havelock missed the look as he set a knapsack on the table.

"As for you two, you'd be happy to hear that I've brought your payment. Here."

Jaune expected a hefty sack of money. His eyes bulged as Havelock withdrew a gold bar and laid it down before them with a dull thunk. The shine it cast on the surroundings broke Tattletale from her musings, the girl leaning on the table for a closer look, as did he, their heads nearly banging together. They treated the smaller pouch of coins that ended up beside it as an afterthought.

"The supplies you requested are also ready. I've had it stored in the brewery, though I still don't see how you can move the lot."

"It won't be a problem. We're strong," said Jaune. He reached out for the gold bar. Havelock got there first, laying his hand on top of it.

"Funny you mention that, because I have an offer." The man sported a hungry look on his face as he peered down at Jaune. "Your abilities can do great things for our cause."

Having seen this coming to some extent, Jaune sighed. "Look, I sympathize, but I have my own goals. I can't stay long."

"Then you don't have to. However, I need you to impart your powers with us prior to leaving."

The way he spoke, it sounded like an order. Even after Havelock caught himself and straightened his back, ceasing to loom over the group, Jaune could not forget the finality of his words.

The admiral continued in a friendlier tone. "What you are capable of, you said it was common where you live. it's replicable, isn't it?" He indicated their payment. "Money is no object. I can have five more bars prepared within the hour. You don't understand what a groundbreaking change such strength will make in our fight against Burrows's tyranny."

He could imagine. Corvo's skill with arms already outstripped Jaune, with only Aura putting him on par with the man. Give the assassin that, and he would have no need to hide in the shadows. And on Jaune's end…

Three for three have societies in different universes valued gold. Doing this would likely take care of funding issues for the foreseeable future, enabling his travels. It's an idea he could get behind. At least, until Tattletale opened her mouth.

"So, not gonna say anything about your real plan?"

Havelock froze, then tried to play it off. "I'm afraid I do not understand—"

"You've no love for the crown," Tattletale revealed with glee. "I see it in how you look at Emily. The deference was faked, through and through. She's a piece to be controlled in your opinion. When you asked Corvo's whereabouts, you weren't happy that he's going after Sokolov, you were happy that he's out of the way. You're scared of him." She leveled an accusing finger. "You intend to betray him."

The man broke into roaring laughter, slapping a knee in mirth.

"Oh, good joke. Princess Emily, do not listen to this…this…"

The man reached towards Tattletale, either to grab her or silence her, but stumbled back when Jaune sprang from his seat to interpose between them. In warning, he gripped the handle of his sword, and Havelock raised his hands to show he meant no harm.

Yeah, right. He wasn't born yesterday. As Jaune stayed on guard, Tattletale poked her head over his shoulder, standing on the booth seating.

"Answer this, Havelock. Do you want Emily on the throne?"

"Yes, of course—"

"Liar!" she crowed.

"I do!" shouted Havelock. His eyes flicked to Emily, taking in her unimpressed gaze, realizing she did not believe him. Grudgingly, he amended, "Just with proper guidance. She is young, and needs time to grow into her role. We, her loyal subjects, are here to help relieve her burden."

Well, that made a lot of sense. Farley Havelock was a concerned citizen, and nothing suspicious was going on at all. Phew!

Jaune immediately turned his head to ask his companion for the actual truth. "Tattletale?"

"Hmmm. It might have been true once. Everybody with a brain noticed how you strutted around in your uniform. It's so obvious you resented losing your rank, and wanted it back. That was the extent of your ambition, and the reason driving you to take part in the Loyalist Conspiracy. But you've changed that outlook..." She adopted a slower, stilted cadence as her mind raced to fill in the gaps. "Because of Jaune. Because of his abilities. You started thinking you don't want to just be Admiral Havelock again. A puppet queen could work, but 'Emperor Havelock' has a nice ring to it. 'Conqueror', even better. Aura could let you empower an army with which to achieve domination of the known world. And beyond. You seek war." She gave a dramatic sigh, her breath tickling Jaune's ear. "But, before all that, there's a problem you had to solve. The attack dog. He's an obstacle to you. His fate, to be put down like the hounds in the fights you used to watch. He'd never see the end of this conflict."

A soft gasp, and Emily now stared at the admiral as if he were a monster. Havelock saw, to his dismay. He had lost her trust forever on Tattletale's word. Were she to claim the throne, he'd have no position in her reign. The pawn lost her value.

With a resigned shake of his head, he lamented, "I see that I would have been proven right. The princess makes a poor ruler." His expression firmed. "A child cannot see what must be done!"

Tattletale paled a split second ahead of the admiral extracting a whistle from his pocket.

"Stop him! He's calling for…"

*Fweeeeeet*

"...reinforcements."

The long, shrill note rang out across the room, and further. For several seconds, nothing seemed to happen, leading Jaune to think it a failure. The rumbling sound of footsteps soon dispelled that notion.

They rushed in from every entrance. Almost all of the men and women arrayed before them possessed the weathered tan of sailors, and wore military uniforms or the clothes of the City Watch. One odd group was dressed in austere, black outfits along with strange masks, golden and set in an angry scowl. Clutched in their hands were an eclectic mix of knives, swords, clubs, and firearms.

Jaune recognized one or two faces among them, no more. Very few of these people belonged to the Conspiracy. Unsurprising, as a loyalty to the princess would have been a detriment to Havelock's purposes.

Standing in their midst, Havelock unholstered his pistol. "I present to you my many friends and colleagues throughout Dunwall. They come from all walks of life, but on certain things, we are of like minds. Glory. Riches. Power beyond normal men. We would gladly kill for that future."

"So, this was what you were up to the whole afternoon?" Jaune spat out in disgust. "We went to save a princess, and you decided to enjoy a spot of treason?"

The admiral shrugged, unaffected by the accusation.

"I was simply preparing for every possibility. You could have agreed to my offer, and we would have parted on amicable terms. Now that it came to this, you will hand over your secrets, one way or another." He spread out an arm to indicate his followers. "Corvo isn't here to save you. Are you stronger than a force of fifty? Would you like to find out? Surrender!"

Rather than answering, Jaune directed his attention to the girl at his back.

"Hey, Tattletale?"

"Yeah?"

"How about next time you don't straight up tell the enemy that we're onto them?"

"But I figured it out! I was right!"

And she had to let everyone know. To wow the audience with her deductions, and throw it into the face of the culprit. Like a detective in the novels. Except, life didn't always tie events up neatly the way it does in a book. People react.

"You were, and I would have applauded you had it not brought an army down on us."

"I-I…" She searched for an excuse, a person with whom she could deflect the blame. After getting a good, long look around the room, she wilted. "Shit. We're in trouble."

"I mean, not really." BANG! A lead pellet impacted his head, fired by an impatient, and rather dim, sailor who had heard of his resilience and thought no further on the matter. Jaune barely showed a response. "I'm bulletproof, remember? Cover Emily. I got this."

As Tattletale scooted back, pushing Emily into a corner and blocking the smaller girl with her body, he drew on his connection to that pool of coldness, the Void. The [Third Arm] shot across the room to pluck Havelock—who, true to form, was aiming his pistol at Tattletale—from the crowd, yanking him kicking and shouting through the air. Jaune met him in a lariat that sent the man slamming against the floor with a sickening crunch. On rushing by, he whacked Havelock on the head with the sheathed Crocea Mors, ensuring no more interference from him. He then deployed his shield, tossing it behind him for Tattletale to protect herself with.

Jaune used his sword as a club as he charged into the crowd, favoring the flat of the blade as he swept in wide, wild swings that slung bodies every which way. Bones broke under the strength of his blows, his kicks crumbling their guard. When the edge of Crocea Mors inevitably bit flesh, limbs were severed, and the floor grew slick with blood. Seeking help, the wounded flailed about, grabbing those still upright and impeding their movements, easy pickings for Jaune to punish. Shouting, taunting, cursing, he challenged them to fight for their lives, sowing mayhem.

Look at me, his actions screamed. Me, and nobody else.

As his enemies turned their attacks inward to reach him, the injuries magnified. Blades that missed their mark came to rest in allies, drawing deep cuts. Thoughtless gunmen fired at Jaune, instead shooting down their fellows. In the crush of bodies, his sword began taking more lives than it spared.

One sailor struck on the bright idea to ignore the overwhelmingly strong foe and run at Tattletale. It's a good tactic, attempting to secure a hostage. Jaune made an example of him by seizing the man with his supernatural limb to employ as a shield. The sailor did not last long, falling down screaming with a knife in his gut. The next few who decided to follow in his stead met similar fates.

Jaune wanted their focus on him, for them to forget about Tattletale and Emily. He got his wish. More people stepped forward to replace their fallen comrades, spurred on by greed or revenge or desperation, raining attacks on him. To become a terror, he had abandoned defense, and his Aura suffered as a result, draining to weather the assault. Repeated use of [Third Arm] took its toll, and a migraine was developing to hinder his combat performance.

But, just when the two sides seemed to grow more even, a new figure entered the fray. The shadow appeared at the back of a City Guard, sword coming around to slash open his throat. It then vanished, popping up across the room to stab someone else in the chest. A flicker of movement, and three arrows lodged in three sailors who had been rushing at Jaune from different angles.

Among the fear-stricken cries of "The Masked Felon!" and "Witches! They're witches!" was a lone girl's elated shout.

"Corvo! You're back!"

Having someone to watch his back made the difference. Jaune was free to be as reckless as he liked, and Corvo capitalized on the opportunities created by it, the two laying waste to their enemies in tandem. Not one of the men and women could spare a single glance in the direction of the princess, and those splitting their attention between two sources of danger opened themselves up to an easy defeat.

During a time Corvo locked blades with someone, one such person aimed her pistol at him. Jaune cracked his sword against the back of her unsuspecting head to put a stop to that. He expected her to fall down.

She burst into a cloud of dust. Her residue blanketed the people nearby, who looked on the verge of heart attacks as they gaped in horror. The battlefield stopped to stare, first at the remains, then at Jaune and the sword in his hand.

Ah. So that's what the first bone charm did. 'Unaware foes turn to ash when killed'. A clear-cut description in hindsight, really.

Luckily for his shocked, frozen self, that was the moment when spirits broke and courage fled for the opposition. Whatever dream they had of superhuman strength, riches beyond compare, or a world in which they ruled were discarded by the wayside as the remnants of Havelock's forces—so pitifully few now—deserted the fight, parting shouts of "Witchcraft!" left in their wake.

Soon, two people stood where there once were dozens. At their feet, the wounded and the dead.

In the corner of a booth, a shield shifted aside. Emily was the first to dart out in the open, and she screeched to a halt as she received an unimpeded view of what had taken place. Within a second, Corvo teleported in front of her to block most of the scene. He swept her into a hug as the event caught up to the princess, and she began to cry.

Tattletale skirted by them, her eyes wide as she stared at the battle's aftermath. She hesitated at the point where the floor began to stain red, unable to take another step. Her hands were clamped to a spot on her waist, It raised Jaune's alarm, and he rushed over.

"Are you injured?"

She shook her head, and removed her hand to show a round hole in the dress, and unblemished skin beneath.

"You were right. Getting shot hurts."

Her words sounded as if they came from far away, and devoid of emotion. She wasn't even looking at him. Half in a stupor, her gaze lingered on the blood, the bodies moving, and those unmoving. The scattered ashes.

"Tattletale? Lisa? You sure you're alright?"

She snapped out of it when he touched her shoulder. "Y-yeah, totally cool. You, uh, you really know how to use that sword, huh? No hesitation, just…shing!" she made a cutting motion, "and they're g-gone."

"And that's…a problem?"

"Um, no. Course not." She fidgeted. "But, uh, I thought you were a student, learning to fight creatures of darkness in your hero school or something."

All the while, she failed to maintain eye contact for any length of time. It revealed to him the truth. Tattletale considered him the scariest thing in the room right now.

Jaune's gaze fell to the floor, where he scuffed at the tiles, suddenly uncertain. "I mean, Beacon taught me to fight more than just Grimm. There are any number of enemies facing our world. Bandits, traitors, those who would raze settlements for kicks. I've seen people die, and this isn't the first time one met their end by my hands." Emerald green eyes, and messy black hair came to mind. "It doesn't make me a monster."

That was fine, right? Surely, it worked that way everywhere? There were crimes, and then there were rejecting the Kingdoms to go live like the Grimm. Once a person crossed that line, they accepted the consequence thereof, and a Huntsman should label them the enemy, too. Everybody knew that. It's normal.

"I didn't want to kill them. They decided otherwise."

Tattletale's mystified looks continued for a long beat. What she saw, she did not share. But then, she closed her eyes, and took a few deep breaths. When she opened them, it was with her usual expression, if a bit sad.

"Good job, Jaune. And thanks."

She had mustered as much cheer as she could, which in this circumstance amounted to not much at all. Still, it's enough for him.

He was okay. She was okay. So, they'd be okay.


-o-​


"Well."

"Oh gods, it's you again."

His sleep ruined, Jaune got up from the slab of stone, swinging his legs off the side to face the Outsider. The young man with black eyes was perched on a stool at the bar, shaking a bottle upside down to test if beer would come out. No luck, looks like. He set it aside.

As he walked over to the adjacent chair, Jaune peered at their surroundings.

The scene was a mishmash of the Hound Pits Pub, Emily's tower, and a studio apartment that did not belong to this world. Things blurred at random, and objects stuck together, or changed shape in between moments. Havelock's people alternated between looming menacingly, and lying on the ground in pieces. Jaune did his best to not look at them.

Settling on the barstool, he joined the Outsider in gazing at the Void through a modern glass window.

"Soooo, this is different. Are you redecorating?"

"Hardly. The Void exists in a state of nowhere and everywhere, but not often in this manner." He then inclined his head at the floor, and the…pile…there. "And this in particular is more your sort of work than mine."

"Don't you start. How was I supposed to know other universes have different sensibilities?" Jaune said with a scowl.

"You weren't. And yet, could anyone truly understand? Hundreds of cultures have lived and died on this one little world. For some, the bloody swathe you left in your wake would have earned you a death sentence. For others, worship as a god." The Outsider tapped his chin. "Of course, that often leads to the same outcome. What is it about humans and sacrifices?" A couple of seconds later, he shrugged. "In any case, both you and I have recently discovered that it's a bigger universe out there than we ever suspected. You're going to meet many kinds of people in the days ahead, and they will get their chance to see who you are. Would they love you? Hate you? I admit, it is a story I am eager to watch."

Jaune rolled his eyes. "I can already guess which situation you're rooting for. And, you know, Corvo agreed with what I did. I'm not the weird one."

"He would. You should have seen what he did to the poor Pendletons. It was very creative."

A sigh. "Really, really did not need to know that. Guy scares me enough with how he flips on a switch."

Corvo could be the politest man you'd ever meet. Then, he'd gut you with barely a change in his smile. Jaune was glad they found themselves on the same side.

"Yes, Corvo is a fun one, isn't he? Life's going to get harder for him from here on out."

"What do you mean?" Jaune asked, frowning. "We dealt with Havelock, and Martin too."

"I saw. In doing so, you took away The Vision, and the Charisma of the Loyalists. What remains is the Purse. I wonder," a coin rolled along the bar top, and the Outsider picked it up, "can you change the world with gold alone?"

He flicked it over to Jaune, who caught the coin in his palm. Rather than Jessamine Kaldwin's face, the Mark that branded him was engraved on the sides.

Jaune played with the coin as he mulled on the question. His forehead soon hit the counter.

"Fuck. Pendleton can't carry them all."

Sure, the Loyalist Conspiracy can still afford a resistance movement. That it exists meant nothing without momentum. Havelock's ambition was what gave them a direction, and from the sound of it, Martin served as their face. Each member of the cadre had a part to play.

Nobody would consider Treavor Pendleton to be of revolutionary stock. He was satisfied with acquiring his big mansion, and possessed a most punchable chin.

"You might have saved the princess, but you also gave dear Corvo big boots to fill. He's comfortable as a pawn. Unfortunately for him, that is no longer enough to see his daughter back on the throne. His new story promises to be quite a harrowing ordeal. And if he cannot change to fit the occasion? Then, congratulations, Jaune. You just rang the death knell for an empire. Only a select few throughout history can boast the same."

Still with his head down, Jaune groaned. "I hate you so much right now. Can I, I don't know, stay here in this dream where Corvo can't reach me? Because I think he has a bullet with my name on it. Or a sword. Or an arrow. Or a bomb."

"Oh, no. That won't do. It's a new day full of possibilities, and you need to wake up to meet it," A hand patted his back. "Wake up, Jaune, or never again."

The island shook beneath his feet. Abruptly, he experienced the sensation of falling.

Jaune slammed into the wooden floor of his temporary quarters, half trussed in a blanket. Someone was shaking him, and yelling. As his bleary vision regained focus, their indistinct features coalesced into the face of a frantic Tattletale.

"Come on, wake up!"

"Huh? Tattletale, what the hell? Did you shove me out of bed?"

"You have to see this! And grab your stuff!"

She did not wait for him, running from the room. Then, she came back into view, and started pounding one fist on the open door to hurry him.

Her panic, and the Outsider's warning still ringing in his ears, prompted Jaune to leap to his feet, moving to the bedside table and gathering his belongings. Living out in the settlements, it paid to listen when people start screaming in the night for you to do something. It could be Grimm.

He threw on his clothes, the Panacea Poncho going over top along with the various supplies he tucked inside it. The sword went on one hip, the bone charms on a string around his neck.

Nearly done, his hands stopped. The place he stowed the runes sat empty but for a gold coin bearing the Outsider's Mark.

"That bastard gipped me! Those runes were worth way more than a measly coin!"

"Jaune!"

Right. Not the time.

They rushed down the staircase, passing by Loyalist members in similar states of disarray. The bar room had been cleared of the bodies, though there remained a reddish hue to the floor. Past that, the front entrance.

Out in the street, beneath the night sky, that was when Jaune saw it. The sheer wrongness of the sight left him a gibbering wreck. He clutched his head, striving to comprehend.

"What…what is that? How is it possible? It's so…round…"

Was it the same yesterday? He had not thought to check. Could have never imagined such a thing.

An unbroken moon shone on Dunwall. Whole. Complete. Unnatural.

"What are you on about?" Tattletale placed a finger on his chin to tilt his gaze down and across the street. "That's the problem!"

In front of him was the building from which they entered this world. It had undergone a drastic change, the walls in mid-collapse, and sections looking aged by centuries or in mint new condition. Loose bricks and furniture were floating in the air, sometimes resetting to their original place, sometimes disappearing altogether.

"Oh, yeah. That looks kind of freaky, too."

"The house is being pulled inward, and it's hurting my head every time I use my powers to look."

Jaune got her hint. There's only one thing in the building that could have done this. Their portal.

A figure exited from that house, and teleported to them.

"Stay back. I'm not certain what is happening there, but it could be dangerous." He noticed their guilty expressions. "Do you, perhaps, have an inkling as to the cause?"

Jaune and Tattletale looked at each other, then at Corvo. The former was the one to answer.

"I think we've overstayed our welcome."

What followed was a scramble to grab as much as they could carry. The people in the Hound Pits Pub were wary at first, but Corvo set them to work helping the pair. A keen-eyed observation that the phenomenon seemed to be accelerating put a pep in everyone's steps. Unwilling to test the time limit until a calamity occurred, Jaune and Tattletale left a part of the goods they've negotiated for behind. Objects too unwieldy to move into the building on the first trip would stay in this universe. As an exchange, they were given practically anything lying around the pub that came to hand, people tucking in bits and pieces where it would fit on the pile.

An assassin and a princess waited under a streetlamp, and once they were ready to go, met them to say goodbye.

Jaune spoke to Corvo first, shaking his hand. "I've talked to a man calling himself the Outsider."

"We're acquainted," Corvo said.

"Yeah, I figured. He thinks you're going to have a tough time with Havelock and Martin gone."

"That is obvious, but it was worth the cost, to remove people who would have surely betrayed us at the end of things. I will make do in their place."

"You're not giving up on the Loyalist Conspiracy, I take it?"

An instantaneous response. "Never. The Dunwall that Jessamine loved, I would not let it end. And one day, Emily will return to her home."

"Offer's still on the table, you know. Aura can go a long way to protect you and Emily."

The other man pondered the idea, and as he had the last time Jaune talked of unlocking their Auras, he shook his head.

"Havelock has spread the story far and wide. The survivors that slipped through our grasp will confirm its truth. Your ability is one that armies would go to war for. Should it come to their knowledge that Emily or I possess this 'Aura', even were she to regain her throne, we would be hunted down to the end of our days. For wealth and influence, they've killed my love. I fear what they'd do for the power to claim the world."

"If you're sure."

They both said their farewell, and Jaune moved on to Emily. Having known them for mere hours, she nevertheless sulked as they prepared to depart.

"Do you really have to go?"

Jaune jerked a thumb over his shoulder. "I'm pretty sure it's the only solution to make that stop, so yes, Emily, I have to. On the bright side, that one won't bother you anymore." He pointed at Tattletale, who stuck out her tongue at him.

"She's not that bad," mumbled Emily in a grudging admission. Tattletale took that as her cue to sneer at Jaune, oozing smugness. The younger girl did not notice, attention drawn to the modern clothes Jaune wore, and the piece of fraying reality. "You're not from around here, are you?"

"No, I come from a long ways away. Further than you would believe."

"Then, um, will you ever come back?"

He thought of lying, as he so often ended up doing. But…

"I can't say, Emily. It's a long road I'm taking, and I don't know when I'll finish walking it. Although," he grinned, "if I do happen to stop by here again, would you welcome me?"

Crying, smiling, the princess was yet resolute in her answer.

"Always!"


-o-​


After passing through the portal, Jaune dropped his armful of goods and turned around to check on the ever-shrinking view of the other side, soon sighing in relief. The supernatural effects in the abandoned apartment had ceased, with gravity reasserting. It left a crumbling wreckage, yes, but a mundane sort.

Note to self, Instances have an end point. Best to not stay overlong.

Through a new opening in the Dunwall building, he spotted two people waving. Jaune waved back to them until the portal finally blinked out of existence, and the two universes went their separate ways.

How will their story go? Can Corvo beat the odds? Will Emily become Empress? And…would they remember him? A complicated mess of emotions swirled within his heart, and he struggled to find an answer.

"Hey, Jaune. Catch."

Something soft and white hit him in the face. He pulled it off to see…

"I made sure to grab a couple of towels, so we can dry off after taking a bath now."

"I love you. Dibs on shower."

Universe: Dishonored. Location: Dunwall. Event: House of Pleasure.
Loot acquired: [Third Arm] (upgraded), Bone Charms x2, wristbows x2, crossbow (secondhand), sleep darts (box), sleep dart formula, Piero's Remedy (crate), whale oil fuel (two containers), Gold bar, pearls x2, gold coins, antique clothes (pristine condition), food, daily necessities, two towels

"My, my. It worked. Live long, Jaune, and amuse me."

Plus, a spectator.​

Author's Notes: Dishonored is done! Sure ended up long. I think I'll try to fit a few shorter episodes between arcs of this length. Vary it up.

.

Jaune—I'm not a murderhobo, I'm a Huntsman.
Tattletale—*stares at Jaune, then at the bodies*
Last edited: Mar 31, 2025
Stories:
QQ Sneaking His Way into the Multiverse , a RWBY Jaune, WC-lite mechanics story.
Other RWBY stories on AO3 or FF - Yakuza Arc | Conquered Menagerie: Annals of the Sixth Kingdom | Cat, Bunny, and the Good Ship Honey Starbright | The Agent
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, RSR2000, Amdiranifani and 962 others
LazyAutumnMoon
Sep 29, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 15: A Study in Jolly Cooperation
View content
LazyAutumnMoon
LazyAutumnMoon
We all need Sundancer in our life.
JoinedJun 7, 2024
Messages289
Likes received68,284
Oct 25, 2024
Add bookmark
#274
With great care, Jaune tipped the teaspoon in his hand to dole out drops of a glowing, viscous blue liquid into the wristbow's fuel chamber. Once it reached full, he returned the excess whale oil to its container, then screwed the little fuel tank back into place on the contraption, sealing the edge tight before hooking the crankshaft to the miniature motor. A test-fire, and it worked as intended, rewinding itself.

The wristbow then went to a corner of the table alongside its twin and the crossbow given by Corvo. The whale oil he carried to the kitchen, stowing it next to the other container in a cabinet where, ideally, the volatile substance would stay inert; from the warning he got, the stuff tends to explode when disturbed in much the same manner as Dust.

And that was that. After half an hour of fiddling with the thing, the job was done.

Could he have left the task to Lisa, whose ability would help her figure out the full schematic plus the proper way to maintain the wristbow? Yes. He still wasn't sure what every component did, and if he took it apart, he doubted that he'd ever manage to put it back together. The steps to refuel the auto reload mechanism had seemed simple enough at a glance, however, so he gave it a shot. Pyrrha always said it was important to know how to maintain one's weapons, after all.

He was also restless beyond belief, and willing to try most anything to while away the time.

Two days.

Two days of forced rest, of four gray walls and a white ceiling. Two days of endless training exercises, counting gold coins, and wondering what the hell was up with the wildly fluctuating Point value for the fragment of the Outsider that had somehow followed him through the portal—with Jaune concluding that the strange entity had escaped containment to explore the world beyond this apartment since there was not a peep from him. All because he had the bright idea of venturing into an Instance before jumping right back out, which by his thinking would refresh the list and grant him the possibility of an easier destination. He was so proud of it, expecting to have gamed the system. Instead, the system has refused to work since and only displayed one phrase whenever he opened the portal app: Standby for reset.

Lesson learned. Do not get cute with the Company scroll. Hopefully, there's still a chance to put that knowledge to use.

He checked again. There was. Jaune fist-pumped in victory.

Forty-eight hours on the dot, and the accursed standby message had vanished at last. In its place, row after row of universes now occupied the screen. Eager to see progress, he searched the list for the best option available to them, though one concern stood out.

"The ratings…they didn't change?"

Gone was Pandora, from whence barren wasteland came dozens upon dozens of bullets within the one minute that their team spent that world. Yet, the scroll offered no less danger for the days it stole from Jaune. He reread each entry, noting with a measure of frustration how the loot rating had adjusted for the new events, and might even have trended downward.

Perusing the list thrice over led to no different result, so he gave a resigned huff as he settled on one destination, and sat down to wait. When Lisa exited the bathroom, dressed in comfortable if dated clothes acquired from Dunwall and drying her hair with a towel, he raised the device to show her the screen.

"Hey Lisa, how do you feel about meeting zombies for real?"

"Screw that—hang on," her face brightened, "is it working now?"

"Yup. And it's either zombies, something worse, or staying another two days here doing push-up regimens."

Any trace of her high spirits vanished, and Lisa paled. She looked down at her aching arms, looked up at him, and mewled in dismay.


-o-

Universe: Dark Souls. Location: Undead Burg. Event: Bells of Awakening​



The portal spat the two blonds out in a castle tower, right at the foot of a statue depicting a beautiful woman and her child. To their right was a portcullis gate, to the left an exit to what looked like an overgrown garden. Ahead, they faced a—

"Ouch! Ouch! Hot! Ouch!"

Game faces changing to expressions of pain, Jaune and Tattletale leapt away from the pile of ashes and bones they were standing in, ashes and bones that yet simmered with a blistering heat. Someone had driven a sword into the center of the mound—a bonfire pit, Jaune recognized now—and fading embers have heated the length of steel to a cherry-red glow. Intermittently, it pulsed, as if threatening to burst into flames given but a spark.

Tattletale kicked it in a fit of pique.

"Owwwwie!" she moaned, bouncing on one foot while cradling the toes on her other foot after the sword, embedded deep in the stone beneath, refused to move an inch.

Less than twenty seconds in, and they were already taking casualties. It did not bode well. The commotion they made has also attracted the attention of the people gathered on the bridge directly ahead of them, a squad of soldiers wearing armor the likes one would see from centuries ago.

The people could be from centuries ago, too. Jaune blanched as they turned around towards their group, revealing appearances that were little more than cadavers, weathered skin stretched over emaciated frames, wearing bits and pieces of tattered clothes. Dull orange orbs took the place of their eyes.

"You know, I imagined a modern setting when I heard 'undead'," said Jaune.

"Raaaagh…"

"Yeah, I hear you guys." He drew his sword and prepared for a fight. But then, he paused in thought. "Wait a minute."

Seeming disinclined to bite, the zombies hefted swords of their own as they advanced on the pair. Two of the things stayed behind the line and nocked arrows to bows.

"Tattletale? I think they might still be alive. Zombies can't use tools."

Then again, movie knowledge was not exactly true to life. Unable to tell one way or another, he waited for a verdict from his partner. She, in turn, reached for the crossbow strung to her new utility belt where a host of useful items lie nestled, counting among which were her sleep darts. One landed in the chamber of the weapon.

Fwip.

With unerring accuracy, the dart flew out and lodged in the shoulder of a zombie, to zero visible effect.

"Sooo, dead, then?"

The question became moot anyway as, with a bestial howl, the squad charged. Two arrows outpaced the footsoldiers, slamming into Jaune's shield as he strode forward to meet his opponents. As for Tattletale, she ducked to the side behind a wall, and fumbled for a steel-tipped bolt.

She never got the chance to fire the shot. The zombies displayed, at best, rudimentary skill in battle and Jaune cut through them with ease, ending up in striking range of the rearward archers by the time Tattletale raised the crossbow to aim. Two slashes lopped off an arm from each zombie. They didn't bleed as much as they should, and disregarded the injuries altogether to lunge at him, prompting Jaune to remove the remaining arms. Now they went for biting attacks, rushing him with their teeth clacking. A wide sweep severed both their heads from their necks. Then, he whirled around and set to finishing the job on the defeated zombies that he had not fully put to rest the first time.

"I'm ninety-nine percent certain they're dead," he explained his action to Tattletale. "Before I killed them, I mean. Now they're a hundred percent dead."

Tattletale strove to hide her discomfort, and admittedly she did it well. Nevertheless, she gave the bodies a wide berth as she picked her way over.

"Yeah, you did good, Jaune." Along with the praise, she patted him on the shoulder. "Even if they were alive, I don't think there was much going on in their heads except murder."

Jaune released a breath he did not realize he was holding. "Right? It was us or them."

A quick glance-over and they decided to move on rather than loot the corpses. The armor pieces were corroded to the point of uselessness, and the weapons same, not to mention their proximity to half-festering bodies for who knew how long to present a very real risk of disease.

Tattletale suggested that they hit the lever to raise the portcullis. Not for any reason, she just wanted to. Despite likewise thinking it would be cool to see, Jaune advised against doing so because he had enjoyed zombie cinema enough times to notice the pattern. You do not leave an opening for the walking dead to sneak up on the living. Which was why, when the two poked their heads into the side garden, he indicated for Tattletale to retreat while he disposed of the zombies in the area. These, thankfully, were unresponsive throughout the process.

The garden terminated there, without a second exit, leading them to take the only route left, the bridge. It offered them a stellar view of the city situated a dizzying distance below, and the pair oohed and ahhed as they peered over the battlements.

The Undead Burg encompassed an area much bigger than Jaune thought possible for the apparent technological level of this world. In fact, if his eyes were to be believed, they stood in a far-flung corner of a greater civilization, with the tall wall encircling the city stretching from one side of the horizon to the other until it curved beyond their view. In the intervening space between here and there, homes gave way to forests ceding to homes again, repeating on and on. Past giant trees and looming towers Jaune spied the sections of another wall at the top of a mountain, this one built of resplendent white stone, behind which arose towers that pierced the sky.

Remnant has yet to create anything like this, and the sight stole his breath away. He wandered in a state of awe along the length of the bridge, his footsteps accompanied by the sound of a distant tolling bell seeming to emanate from underground.

Although…where was everybody? Any sign of movement that he or Tattletale noticed came exclusively from an undead, the shambling bodies roaming the streets unopposed. It spoke of a city that has fallen to calamity, an unthinkable scenario for Jaune. Zombies might claim a mall or a graveyard in the movies; they weren't supposed to ever truly win. How could this have happened?

Suddenly, the world turned dark. It was over in a blink, daylight returning to leave Jaune wondering if he had suffered some sort of hallucination.

Looking at Tattletale, he asked, "Did I imagine that?"

The girl's mind raced a mile a minute, aided by her superpower. The conclusion she reached was not a word, merely an impression. Something big. Something high in the sky. Something alive.

Something that had spotted them, because a shadow was swinging around. Tremulous eyes panned upward, followed by a whimper.

The flying object dipped lower, its form becoming clearer to Tattletale and Jaune. In a strange twist, they each had a personal experience to serve as reference for what they were seeing.

""DRAGON!""

The massive creature spread its wings wide, gliding parallel to the bridge. Its back was lined with sharp spikes, and its red scales glimmered in the sun. As it flew, an odd bulging grew at the base of its throat, moving further up the long neck with each passing second.

There was something about dragons that always fascinates, even when it spelled one's death. Far later than he should have, Jaune snapped out of his stupor.

"Back to the portal!" he screamed.

Tattletale shouted back, her voice shrill, "No, we won't make it, the thing can—"

Breath fire. It can breathe fire. The bulge reached the thing's mouth, which opened to spew a gout of flames onto the bridge.

"There! Go there!" Tattletale pointed to an alcove between them and the dragon, one that led to a lower level. Jaune did not question her idea, simply throwing the girl over a shoulder in passing as he full-out sprinted faster than she could have run. It was a coin flip whether they would make it before the flames overwhelmed them as the distance shrank to a scant few yards.

Jaune threw Tattletale down the hole to ensure she won't get roasted, himself diving after her. The heat bore an almost physical weight as it slammed them into the staircase, licks of flames singing Jaune's back, catching on the overcoat he wore and lighting up. They rolled on the steps in a mass of tangled limbs, grunting in pain with each impact.

As the stairs bottomed out, Tattletale landed flat on her back, Jaune hitting the floor right beside her on his hands and knees. Everything ached, but he forced himself to his feet, scrambling to pull off his burning coat. Help arrived in another pair of hands that ripped the garment from him to leave him in a white ruffled shirt. The ruined article was tossed out a nearby entryway, and blown away by the wind.

Holding a hand to his thundering heart, Jaune heaved great gasps of air, an action mirrored by Tattletale. Minutes passed as they tried to regain their bearings. The important thing was that they appeared to be alive. Probably. The afterlife shouldn't look like a storage room in Jaune's mind.

"I say, that was a lucky escape. Why, you almost became as bright as the sun…though not nearly as long lasting. Hah hah hah!"

An easy laugh filled with cheer punctuated the soft-spoken voice, and after Jaune pulled Tattletale back to her feet, he turned to face the person who had assisted him in removing the coat.

"You're telling me. Thanks for the save," Jaune replied with a grateful smile to the honest-to-goodness knight standing there, chainmail and helm and all, the man's tunic adorned by a stylized sun, an inexpertly—yet lovingly—painted thing portraying a face on a yellow orb, fringed by red rays of fire. "Jaune Arc. My friend here goes by Tattletale."

Along with the introduction, he offered his hand for a shake. Rather than accepting that, the knight clasped him on the forearm instead. A beat late, Jaune copied the motion. The pleased laugh of the knight let him know he had performed the correct gesture.

"What fine names! As for myself, I am Solaire of Astora, an adherent of the Lord of Sunlight, come to Lordran to seek my very own sun!" The great helm he wore tilted in curiosity, the red feather sticking up from the top shaking slightly. "Neither of you appear Hollow, a rare thing in this realm…"

"Hollow?" Tattletale asked.

"Oh, good joke." Solaire burst into laughter, slapping his knee. "Who would not know of the Undead Curse? Not I, Undead that I am."

They were talking to a zombie. Jaune glanced at Tattletale, receiving a 'what the fuck' look in return.

In any case, while he still had many questions, this was clearly one of those subjects that everybody knew and could bring a heap of scrutiny on them if they professed ignorance. To deflect suspicion, Jaune played along with the misunderstanding.

"Heheh, yeah, she is a funny one. What was that you said about your own sun?"

"Do you find my quest a strange thing?" Solaire asked.

Well, he didn't say it.

"No need to fret, everyone I have met thinks the same! The sun is right there, after all. Hah hah hah!" One would expect him to feel bitter, thought Jaune. The man acted quite blithe about it, however. "Yet I must press on, nevertheless, for my quest calls to me so. That is, were it not for our fiery foe above. It has maintained a most vigilant guard on this bridge, and stymied my attempts to bring it low," Solaire admitted with some embarrassment.

Jaune cursed under his breath. "Is there no way to get past the dragon, then?"

"Dragon?"

Solaire paused their conversation to skirt past them and, faster than Jaune could stop him, hurried up the staircase to peek over the lip. Seconds later, an orange glow reflected off his helm and he ducked below to dodge a stream of fire.

"I bear good news!" he said as he rejoined the group. "The creature still breathes fire, not magic, and its hide is not cast in stone, nor ivory white. It also has two legs instead of the four that legends depict. That is a drake, the same one I encountered earlier. A challenge to be sure, though one surmountable."

Drake, not dragon, he says. Surmountable, he says. Jaune preferred the idea of not facing the thing in the first place, whatever its species, so he set his mind to mulling on the alternate ways with which he can gain entry to the tower. As memories of the portcullis resurfaced, he facepalmed in the realization that it was a very real option—possibly their sole other option—that he had sealed.

In desperate hope, he pointed to the two unexplored exits of this room. "What about those? Do you happen to know where they lead?"

"That door there would do no good. It connects to the city below. As for the path outside…it goes under the bridge, and I can hear the chittering of rats down yonder passageway."

Rats? That's it?

"Sounds like a winner to me. Tattletale?"

She rapidly nodded her head. "Please and thank you."

That settles that. They were of a like mind. Fighting rodents in place of a giant, fire-breathing lizard? Sign them both the hell up. The mission they prepared for was supposed to involve zombies, not another giant monster a week after Leviathan.

Solaire seemed about to say something, but stopped himself and tried to play it off. That attempt failed, as the man wasn't subtle in the least.

"What is it, Solaire?" Jaune asked.

"I have a proposition if you are willing to listen. The chamber with the rats promises another path, true. But whereas we can brave such creatures and go on our merry way, what of those who follow in our footsteps."

"Who—" Tattletale yelped and covered her ribs, glaring at Jaune. Who cares, was what he thought she might have wanted to say, hence the nudge to her side in mild reproach.

Solaire continued, oblivious. "Those luckless fellows will encounter the drake, and it might well result in their demise, perhaps even their turning Hollow. I cannot abandon them. The beast must therefore fall. Yet, I cannot pass this trial by my lonesome. Thus is my dilemma, and your aid in this matter would truly be a boon. What say you?"

Despite the madness of Solaire's suggestion, Jaune considered it, because the drake's defeat equated a direct route to the portal. Were it just him and Tattletale, the answer would be a resounding NO. Between them, they amounted to a fighting force of one and a half—if that. A warrior Tattletale was not, and he would rather she stay far away from the drake. That leaves him to face the monster by himself. He'd probably get roasted for the trouble.

With Solaire, they had a second combatant. They had a team.

"No. No, no, no." Tattletale, who had seen through his intentions and where it was headed, grabbed him by the shirt to pull him close. "Don't you even think about it, Jaune! We can look for another route, one that doesn't involve a dragon!"

"It's only a drake," Jaune corrected in jest; it did not improve her mood. "No matter how you slice it, we have to figure out how to get back in the tower. Is this the best way? Who knows, but it is a way. That's worth exploring. I'm willing to take a risk on it."

"We're going to fucking die!"

"Ah, don't worry," he said, causing Tattletale to pause to listen. "I might die. You'll be fine down here."

"Wha—"

He rolled his eyes. "I'm not sending you up against that thing, Tattletale, what kind of idiot do you think I am? Seriously, what are you supposed to do, snark at it?" He gently pry her hands off his shirt. "Solaire and I will handle this. If our plan fails, we can go back to the drawing board."

Various emotions flashed past her face, anger and outrage chief among them. Tattletale balled her hands into fists, teeth grinding. It should have pleased her that she would stand out of harm's way, or so went his thought process. She was accepting it less well than imagined, and he struggled without avail to understand why.

"Fine," she spat out. "See what not listening to me gets you."

Growling in frustration, she spun on her heels and marched over to a pile of crates. Hopping up to sit on one, she crossed her arms in petulance.

"Oh, dear," said Solaire, seeming a little awkward at having witnessed the byplay. "It was not my desire to cause strife between you two."

Jaune sighed. "I'll handle that later. Somehow. Maybe she'll feel better if we get back in the tower."

"You truly think so? Hah hah! Then it appears you and I have ourselves a most vital quest. Come, let us engage in jolly cooperation!"

Thus agreed, their plan soon took shape. It was…not that great. The one concrete step they established was to lure the winged monster down where the wings would not grant it a total advantage over the flightless duo. That step was also easier said than done.

A blond head poked above the ground. It met the red eyes of the red lizard spewing red flames. The head retracted just in time.

One more it resurfaced. All was fire. The head ducked down.

Jaune sat on the staircase, and dropped his face into his hands. "We're going to be stuck here forever, aren't we?"

"I told you!"

"Not helping!" Jaune looked at Solaire. "Thoughts?"

The knight hummed, the sound carrying an echoey warble due to the helm.

"For it to come to this, we must take a risk. I will go up on the bridge and bait the creature by dodging its breath in quick succession, thereby showing the futility of such an attack."

"...Can you? Dodge, that is. Your suit of armor looks heavy."

"I shall stay optimistic!"

"You know what? Allow me. I'm a lot faster than you are."

This time, Jaune fully exited the stairs, standing with his head held high. As the drake inhaled a gulp of air, he flipped it off and dove for the other side of the bridge. A jet of flames scorched his previous position. A shorter blast shot at where he now crouched, evaded with a roll towards the stairs again. He activated [Third Arm] to latch onto the parapets further back, yanking his body that way before another fireball hits.

The drake glared at him, huffing and puffing as it recovered its breath. From its throat escaped a long, low growl—an exact match to the one made by the irate blonde ensconced below. That gave Jaune an idea.

"Wow, you're stupid!" he shouted across the distance, and stuck out his tongue, thumbing his nose. "No wonder you're a drake and not a dragon…you couldn't hack it! Pathetic!"

Perhaps the drake would not understand the individual words and gestures. It sure recognized the intent as a whole, however. The snack was taunting it. A roar shook the stone bridge, wrathful and promising death.

"Aw, yeah. Here we go."

Wings unfurled. In one powerful beat, the dragon launched from the tower, diving for Jaune. [Third Arm] once more got him to safety, though with the drake landing next to the staircase, he lacked the means of cover to stave off its fiery rage.

This might have been a bad idea.

The giant maw opened. Sharp teeth filled his vision. The monster sprang at him.

Lightning struck it on the side, at the base of the wing, eliciting another roar, this one of pain and shock. The lunge that would have let the drake swallow Jaune whole was thrown off course. The head passed him by, and he used the opportunity to give it a whack right below the throat, leaving a shallow nick on the tough hide.

"Face me, o great beast!"

Solaire, now also on the bridge, grasped a second bolt of lightning in his hand, winding back in the stance of a javelin thrower. The sinewy neck twisted around, letting the drake spot the threat Solaire posed. It dipped a shoulder, the one warning they got before it shoved its entire frame at the knight, with Jaune caught in the path. Solaire went low, Jaune went high. The latter landed atop the drake.

Standing on the spiky, undulating neck was no easy thing. Jaune used his shadowy limb as a rein to maintain balance, and laid into the beast with his sword. Bone spikes cracked and snapped, but Crocea Mors failed to go much further than that; he hadn't the leverage to strike with every ounce of strength, accomplishing only superficial damage.

Noticing the prey on its back, the drake thrashed about. The head rose up high, and succeeded in loosening Jaune's grip.

"Ouch! Ow! Crap! Ouch!"

Jaune rolled over the length of the drake, feeling each and every spike along the way. He struck the ground on the tail side, and spotted the portal as he crawled upright.

The scraping of claws on stone prompted him to turn around, just as the drake did the same. They stared at each other.

Jaune smacked its snout with Crocea Mors, the drake responded by taking a breath.

A budding headache grew as Jaune slid on the bumpy stone bridge below the drake, having yet again used his power to escape. He zoomed past Solaire, who was getting back on his feet, and ended behind the beast, which was still bathing the tower interior in an inferno, not realizing that Jaune was gone.

"The portal's probably fine, right?"

Whatever, he'd think on that later. At the moment, they had a punishable window of time. Jaune rushed at the drake, and started whaling on the beast, focusing on the back leg in an attempt to hamstring it; reduce the thing's mobility and it will become a sitting duck. Solaire followed a similar mindset, shield left aside as he two-handed his sword to strike at a wing. Dribbles of blood began to flow between the scales.

They were making progress. Good.

Faster than Jaune thought possible, the tail coiled, then smacked him like a whip to send him flying. Stone blocks crunched under him as he slammed into them again and again down the length of the bridge. He skidded to a stop far from the fight.

The thought occurred that this would be the chance for a gout of fire to render him ashes, with the drake smart enough to do it, too. Jaune scrambled to his feet in a hurry after that.

It was trying, he saw. Solaire came in clutch for him, laying into the drake with abandon to keep it distracted. Nevertheless, the thing smelled a chance, and even as it reared back to bat at Solaire with a leg, its attention would inevitably flick to Jaune. Licks of orange flame erupted past clenched teeth, held in reserve for the perfect moment. Sweat pouring down his brow, Jaune started running, knowing what was going to happen when the drake dinged Solaire with its claws.

The ensuing blast swept over his head as Jaune returned to the warm, motherly embrace of the understairs.

Meeting bottle-green eyes, he waved. "Hi, Tattletale."

She waved back, a bit unsure.

"Is everything going okay up there?"

"Absolutely spiffing. We've got that monster on the ropes."

"Are you sure?" The room shook, and she squeaked. "It doesn't sound like it…"

The flames were fading, so he bade her farewell again and rushed aboveground. Solaire was holding his own in the meantime, preempting the firebreaths with the lightning he summoned, but only just. Jaune reentering the battle eased off the pressure to allow the knight a reprieve.

A swing, a dodge. He clipped one of the claws, removing half of it. The drake roared louder than ever, and Jaune darted to his left to avoid the chomping mouth, kicking the teeth as the opening presented itself, inflicting little damage but infuriating the hell out of the beast. It snarled, and whipped around, the tail passing just above Jaune's head, followed by a twist of its neck to chomp at him again.

It put the drake in the right position for a lightning bolt, carrying twice the power as those preceding, to sear one red eye blind.

"A sterling distraction, Jaune Arc! Take heart, the end nears!"

"Can you keep it off my back? I want to get rid of that annoying tail."

"Gladly. In fact, I believe the drake agrees!"

Solaire was right. Having been hurt far beyond anything Jaune had done, the drake deemed Solaire as the real danger, and targeted him almost exclusively.

Jaune found a few precious seconds to catch his breath, and prepared for his next move. The shield transformed to a sheath, strapped once more to the hip. Crocea Mors was not suited to be gripped in both hands, but he made it work, and raced behind the drake. What followed was a relentless onslaught, where he abandoned any notion of defending his body or anticipating how the beast would attack. One thing mattered, that he severs the tail.

Solaire ensured he had time, peppering the mouth and wings with lightning bolts even as he grew visibly tired. The apparent weakness galvanized the drake. It sensed victory, and whatever intelligence behind that skull performed a calculated move, accepting that it would sustain wounds in trade for permanently removing a threat. Jaune was free to hack and slash unchallenged.

The drake realized its mistake when scales cracked and crumbled beneath Crocea Mors. Steel blade bit deep in soft flesh. The tail jerked away; Jaune chased it, giving no respite. Again, its flesh parted, accompanied by a spurt of blood. A third cut reached bone. The fourth, swung with all of Jaune's strength, completely lopped off the tail.

A screech of pain, of loss, pierced the air, echoing over the Undead Burg. Wings snapped open, and the drake took to the sky.

"Damn it!" Jaune shouted. Their foe has retaken the advantage in one fell swoop. With the drake back in its element, the humans were helpless. "Solaire, run. I'll get Tattletale."

If they were lucky, Jaune and Tattletale would arrive at the portal ahead of the drake coming round.

Solaire held out an arm to stop him, pointing with the other. "No need. By hubris, the beast has doomed itself."

Jaune peered up at the drake. Seconds went by, and he saw what Solaire meant.

The monster had believed them prey, and settled in among them without fear. In anger, it lingered too long. Although it had taken to flight again, the injuries sustained in the battle were too significant to ignore. Lacking the missing tail to serve as a counterweight, the drake maneuvered with the level of grace of a wine barrel, with blood pouring from the stump. The lightning bolts that Solaire threw had torn into the membranes of the wings, and they struggled to stay aloft.

Swerving and swinging on a winding route, it did not so much charge at the duo as drunkenly swayed in their direction. A wing clipped on the watchtower on the far side of the bridge, and the fire bubbling up its throat sputtered out as it lost its balance. The drake began to tumble end over end, culminating not with a smooth landing, but a crash that left a crater in the stone and knocked Jaune off his feet, followed by a roll as excess momentum carried it forward to Jaune and Solaire. It skidded to a stop near the stairs. And for a time, there was nothing but the far-off sound of a tolling bell.

Then, the drake twitched. Laboriously, it dragged its body upright. One wing bent at an odd angle, decidedly broken to the extent of stymieing another flight. It was listing to one side, the right leg barely holding.

Through a mess of broken fangs, it growled. The monster knew. Even should it destroy the two pests that placed it in this situation, death was nigh. Pure hatred flashed in its eyes. It advanced.

Solaire strode forward, sword and shield at the ready. Jaune joined him, walking side by side. Reaching an unmarked point, on an unspoken signal, they broke into a jog, then a run. Weapons raised, they roared as the drake did, and met it in a final clash.

And finally, but finally, the drake fell to the ground, succumbing to the swords driven past broken scales and corded muscles, lodging deep in its flesh; one to the heart, the other to the throat.

Jaune stared at the slain monster, half-disbelieving. He looked down at Crocea Mors, and up to the gaping wound that decided the fight, a wound he inflicted. Drake, dragon, the name was unimportant. It was far weaker than Leviathan, and a fraction of the Grimm Dragon's size, but here was a creature straight from the storybooks, from myth and legend. It died by his hand.

Well…

He glanced at Solaire.

…not alone. Fighting alongside the stalwart knight, an ordeal insurmountable became oh so possible. A large part of the credit went to the man. Yet, it counted as a win in his books, one not stolen at the finish, and was a taste of victory he never realized he needed.

He could do it. He could save Beacon. In this one moment, Jaune Arc felt it as a certainty, to his very bones.

Laughter bubbled up his chest. He grinned, then snickered. His control slipped, and he pumped a fist in the air, whooping in pure elation. Solaire happily joined in, and when Jaune spotted Tattletale coming up the staircase, he swept her into a hug, swinging her round and round in celebration.

"Did you see that? I'm amazing!"

"Put me down! Put me down! Ahhh, I'm getting dizzy!"


-o-​


A woozy Tattletale laid flat on the ground, green-faced.

Jaune left her to it. She'd recover. He was busy pursuing a mystery. It went like this: where was the drake tail that he cut off?

The issue wasn't important by any means, but the thing just vanished into thin air. Meanwhile, the rest of the corpse was still there, draped over the bridge. The oddity would not get out of his head.

"Ah-ha, I have found it!" Solaire called.

Jaune hurried towards where the other man knelt. His eyes scanned the ground; there was no tail in sight. However, a sword rested in the spot that the tail could conceivably have fallen back when he cut it off.

"To think, the drake sword lost to the ages had been hidden…in a drake! How marvelous!" The joke seemed to tickle Solaire pink, the man guffawing. "I suspect Seath the Scaleless was responsible for the trick." He paused, tilting his head. "Though, it begs the question of why the ancient fellow has set its distant cousin to guard this bridge…ah, regardless, as the man to remove the sword from its sheath—hah hah!—it is your rightful property." Proudly, Solaire presented the sword to Jaune, who balked.

"You sure? You kind of did a lot of the work to bring that thing down."

He received a carefree laugh, and a nod. The treasure was his, uncontested. What a great day.


Drake Sword
Universe: Dark Souls
One of the ancient dragon weapons, formed of a drake's tail. Essentially, a sharp rock on a stick.
Grip firmly with both hands, and swing your tail. From the tip will come a great and magical force.


Soooo, it was a dragon? Or were dragons all drakes? You know what, he's just going to claim the title of dragonslayer, and if anyone has a problem with it, they can make their objections known.

It was heavy, the naked blade weighing more than both parts of Crocea Mors combined. Pretty, too, with a serpentine motif running down the sides. He rather liked the part saying it was a magic weapon. Little things like that added to the selling price.

He checked its worth.

Ehhhhh. The sword can take care of his debt, at least. He hesitated to call it an excellent prize due to the preceding battle. Life's tough for a dragonslayer.

With the drake sword resting on shoulder, Jaune and the others relocated inside the tower. The portal sprang to life as they drew near. Sparing it a single glance, Solaire shrugged and made a beeline for the bonfire, kindling it then stoking the flames. The heat it gave off felt uncomfortably warm to Jaune, as he considered this a fine spring day where a fire was not necessary in the least. Solaire's happy sigh said otherwise, and it was with reluctance that he left its side to go pull the lever near the gate.

"And there we are," declared Solaire, applauding heartily as the portcullis rose.

Jaune looked down the passage to see if it held things of interest. No dice, the road leading deeper into the fortress sat empty, and lend no hints of what lay ahead.

"What's down that way that's got you so eager, Solaire?"

"Yonder lies the Undead Parish, where the Bell awaits. Who knows, perhaps my sun is waiting there with it. Would that not be grand?"

"A bell, huh." Jaune tried to sound interested. He was unsuccessful. Come on, give him something cooler, like 'the drake's treasure hoard' or 'the magical sword repository'!

"Are you…not familiar with the story?"

Jaune backpedaled. "Uh, well, I wouldn't say that."

He needn't have worried. Solaire took his ignorance in stride.

"Hah hah hah! Do not fret, I shall be honored to explain. You see, legend tells of a Chosen Undead, come to Lordran in the time of the Awakening Bells. Lo and behold, the bell below started ringing not long ago. That leaves only the one atop the parish to open the gates to Anor Londo, city of the gods."

As Jaune listened to the story, his eyes grew wider and wider. This was a tale straight out of his adventure novels.

"The Chosen Undead, that's you, I'm guessing? You are pretty strong."

"Oh, thank you, but I could never claim such a lofty title. After all, while greater souls pursue that grand destiny, I shall run to and fro in search of my sun. What a silly Chosen Undead I would make, would you not agree?"

Jaune imagined it, and began snickering, as did Tattletale. The knight likewise gave a short chuckle, before growing contemplative.

"Still…we who have traveled to this land each walk a lonely journey fraught with danger, and will need as much help as we can get. If, by sparing some small effort, I could ease their way, then I shall do so." As he spoke, Solaire strolled out on the bridge to gaze at the sky. "Heroes, villains, adventurers, or chasers of the sunlight, it matters not. This age calls for us all to take part in jolly cooperation!"

Facing the sun, the knight performed an odd gesture, raising his arms aloft in a V-shape, palm facing outward, and going on tip-toes. He held the pose with the ease of having done the same a thousand times, appearing restful.

Behind him, Tattletale whispered, "He's mad!"

"He's so cool!" Jaune whispered back.

Believing in the ideals that everybody should unite to stand against the cruel world? The man's practically a Huntsman.

Missing their interaction altogether, Solaire completed his ritual(?) and turned to them, saying, "I have a thought. In this strange land, where space and time has been twisted into knots, our encounter defied all logic, and luck itself. Our fates are intertwined in manners not apparent. You may be the very companions to ensure this endeavor ends in success. So, what do you say? May we work together in this moment where our worlds meet?"

"Sure!" Jaune answered.

"No!" Tattletale refuted.

They looked at each other, then at Solaire. Jaune motioned for the man to wait.

"Can you give us a moment to discuss between ourselves?"

Solaire covered the spots on the helm where his ears should be, and spun around while the pair of Jaune and Tattletale moved to a corner. The latter spoke first.

"What was that? Why are we even thinking of sticking with him? We almost died. Let's just get out of here."

"Well, we always knew that was a possibility. This plan of ours was never going to be easy sailing."

"That doesn't mean we should risk our life for no proper pay."

Jaune showed the sword on his shoulder. "We got something, didn't we? And there's the fact he helped us return to the portal. Without him, we would have been toast."

His appeal to camaraderie failed to convince her, making Jaune sigh. Placing his hand on her shoulder, he continued in the soft and soothing tone that he would normally reserve for his sisters, or Nora. Or Pyrrha on the rare occasion she gets in one of her stubborn moods.

"Look, you can stay here, it's pretty safe for now. I'll go on ahead with Solaire. He's throwing magic around, and talking about gods. What else is here in this universe? Who knows what we can find along the way? It's worth a day or two of poking around."

Tattletale stamped her foot in a huff. "And we can do that in a better universe that doesn't have giant, man-eating monsters."

"Like Dunwall? Gold and towels are great, Tattletale, but we have enough of that to last for a while, and this is the time for us to work our way upward, not just circle round and round. I'm giving this a shot," he declared with a note of finality. "As I've said, stay here where it's safe, alright? I'll see you in a bit." Left unsaid, was that he might not see her ever again.

Receiving no further retorts (except for the grinding teeth and baleful glare), Jaune patted Tattletale on the back on his way past, and rejoined the knight.

"Solaire, I've decided. I'm coming along."

"Wonderful! With you two by my side, I shall have nothing to fear!"

…You two?

He turned his head. Lisa stood a step behind him, unhappy to be there, but clearly a part of the group.

She crossed her arms, and hmphed. "I'm not useless. You wouldn't get anywhere without me."


Author's Notes: No trickeries, no intrigue. We are on a quest!

But then, why the heck is Lisa going along?
Last edited: Apr 1, 2025
Stories:
QQ Sneaking His Way into the Multiverse , a RWBY Jaune, WC-lite mechanics story.
Other RWBY stories on AO3 or FF - Yakuza Arc | Conquered Menagerie: Annals of the Sixth Kingdom | Cat, Bunny, and the Good Ship Honey Starbright | The Agent
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, RSR2000, Amdiranifani and 880 others
LazyAutumnMoon
Oct 25, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 16: The Ups and Downs of a Lordran Adventure
View content
LazyAutumnMoon
LazyAutumnMoon
We all need Sundancer in our life.
JoinedJun 7, 2024
Messages289
Likes received68,284
Nov 10, 2024
Add bookmark
#315
The sword stabbed through the Hollow's chest. Jaune left it there to step past the falling body, and kicked its ally, a strong blow to send the zombie soldier into the air. Solaire was there in the next moment to cleave the body in two.

Jaune pulled on the sword, extracting it as he continued striding forward without missing a beat. Two more Hollows have set upon Solaire, staved off by his shield. One swing of Crocea Mors took care of that problem before the other man could counterattack, and ended the altercation.

Not even ten seconds had passed since the start of the encounter.

"What strength!" Solaire praised as he clapped Jaune on the shoulder. "You have the making of a fine knight, my friend…if a tad reckless. Take care that you do not become an Undead like me. Hah hah hah!"

Jaune gave a rueful smile. "You're quite strong yourself." Stronger than should be possible, and he chalked it down as something to do with the Undead condition. "And my bad. They were just so…"

Easy.

It sounded arrogant, but the zombies—not the Undead, but the Hollows—really were too simple a foe, and to take them with a sense of seriousness seemed a needless effort to him. It's no wonder those movies always featured plucky civilian teens instead of Huntsmen and Huntresses. There would not be a story otherwise.

"No need to say it. I understand well the feeling. Take heed, I urge you. Lordran is home to a multitude of beings both small and great. The Black Knights, for instance, count among the latter."

The pair stopped at a door for Solaire to look inside. A quick glance, and the man shook his head. There was no sun to find here. They went to the next building while continuing the conversation.

"That name sure sounds ominous. Who are they?"

"Elite knights, chosen personally by Lord Gwyn to serve him in war. Those poor fellows may have been scorched by the fires of the First Kiln, but they still retain their prowess in life. Should we meet one such, I hesitate to say whether we shall prevail."

"Wow. You're saying that? These guys must be tough."

The knight was no slouch, Jaune had concluded from their brief partnership. During previous skirmishes, his techniques displayed a brutal simplicity, one worthy of envy.

How to better put it? Take the aforementioned fights. Jaune can be considered efficient in that he just strolled into the enemy ranks, smacking his sword about and ending up on the other side victorious. An enhanced physique granted him an overwhelming advantage, and Aura protected him from the occasional dings, opening him up to options that would let him neutralize a threat faster (i.e. tanking a hit to gut his enemy). Solaire, in contrast, employed efficiency in terms of deliberateness. His footwork was minimized, attacks tight and controlled. He moved in the path he intended, and emerged beside Jaune a mere few beats later while bearing little to no wounds.

With skill alone the other man closed the gap against Aura. Put aside the advantages of an awakened soul, and he'd likely trounce Jaune ten out of ten times in a spar. Which rather begged the question: How would Solaire fare if he received Aura?

Also, should he get Aura? Jaune had not forgotten Corvo Attano's warning. To awaken willy-nilly people's souls carried consequences that may spiral beyond his control. Trust mattered.

Solaire shut another door behind himself. "Many regard them the toughest among humanity barring champions the likes of Pharis or Black Iron Tarkus. In the event that we face a Black Knight," the great helm tilted in what Jaune had come to know as Solaire's equivalent of a wink for when his face was obscured, "do allow me to stand at the front."

The needle was leaning hard towards a 'yes' on unlocking that Aura. Jaune did not think he would regret it. Sure, the guy apparently can't die even when killed, being Undead—there's some kind of nine-lives situation, sort of like a cat? Only a lot higher of a number? The explanation was hard to believe—but the willingness to spend even one of those lives for someone else spoke volumes of his character.

The clanking of armor alerted them to a group of Hollows approaching, drawn by the noise they were making. The two groups locked eyes, and the battle began anew.

"Any advice for how I should be fighting?" Jaune asked as they advanced.

"Hmmm. Were I to note one thing, then I would say you are neglecting the possibilities granted by your shield."

A zombie wielding an axe raced ahead of its brethren. Arriving in striking range, it reared back for a swing. Solaire met it by raising his shield. The axe chopped downward, and with a shift of his arm the knight caught the weapon on an angle, causing its heavy blade to skid off.

"Blocking is but one option. To turn the attack aside is often the better answer. It diminishes the force of the blow, you see, and in one fell swoop we seize control of the encounter." Solaire swung his shield arm, slapping away a second slash before the Hollow could build momentum in its attack. The action left the thing completely unguarded for him to run it through. "Then, there is the parry. A well-timed one wards off harm to ourselves and opens our foe to a riposte. A shield provides opportunity."

Was the idea revolutionary? No. Jaune had learned of parrying from Pyrrha, and understood the necessary motions. He hadn't received a live combat demonstration on the merits of it, nor the philosophy behind the act. His Beacon partner taught him the what but not the why. Perhaps she assumed that he already understood something so basic; he certainly gave the impression, never realizing there were finer points that he should have asked her to clarify on. The technique made sense in hindsight.

The remaining Hollows reached the pair, and Jaune used them for practice. His habit of hunkering behind the shield whenever he saw an incoming attack worked against him here, requiring that he fight past the impulse more times than he cared to mention. Observing Solaire in the periphery spurred him on to keep at it. Where Jaune's progress flowed in a series of starts and stops in response to the Hollows bashing on his shield, the other man retained fluidity of motion from start to finish, allowing him to finish off his opponents long before Jaune concluded things on his end.

As they reconvened, Jaune said, "You know, you might be right. That fight wore less on me than the previous one." His admission got a good-natured laugh from Solaire. "Anyway, is that the last of them?"

"I dare say it is. The world has grown quiet."

"Nice. In that case…" He looked back the way they came. "Tattletale, the coast is clear!"

Far down the street, a blonde head popped out around the corner. The rest of the girl appeared in view as she jogged to them. Her eyes flicked along the ground, going from slain body to slain body, but this time—despite a flash of ill unease—she made a visible, if poor, effort to ignore them, traveling in a straight line instead of shying from the blood and viscera. Then, she made an effort to ignore him, her power noticing that he had noticed the strange behavior, and that he now noticed that she noticed, which since she noticed thereby necessitated she play it off to avoid his notice, which only led to him noticing the oddness all the more, meaning that—

She resolved the conundrum by walking behind him, and when he spun towards her she sidled out of sight to escape his scrutiny again. How mature of her.

"Tattletale, what are you doing?"

"Why are we wasting time? Go look for the sun or whatever already!"

He and Solaire shared a glance, and they both shrugged. Obvious attempt to force a subject change was obvious. They weren't likely to receive an answer, though, and she had a point. This was a big place to comb over. They best get a move on.

Built into and around the wall, the district that they were passing through was designed to house a military force, long defunct. Storage rooms, barracks, cellars, guard posts. They lay abandoned, filled with dust and decay.

Solaire searched them with a careful eye, heading up to the highest watchtower and down to the deepest basement in the hope of finding his sun. His process…didn't seem to follow any sort of reason. Jaune followed along, watching as the man would sometimes walk into a room and walk out in the span of five seconds, but then spend half an hour checking every cabinet and crevice in a different room.

Jaune focused his own exploration on items of value. He was met with a whole lot of disappointment there.

The area stocked weapons and armors aplenty, all of low quality. How low? Let's put it this way: Jaune was convinced the higher-ups intended the soldiers assigned here to serve as a warning system, in that their dying screams would alert everyone else of danger, and armed them accordingly.

As for the mundane goods, age had rendered them of little use. Rotten food. Moth-eaten clothes. Even the bed in the barracks was not worth taking, meaning he'd continue sleeping on a blanket spread on the floor of the apartment for the foreseeable future.

Swinging off the last cot in the room, Jaune grumbled, "This one's no good either."

"I told you!" Tattletale snarked. "If you want the good stuff, we need to loot a bigshot's house. A noble—Ooh! Or a king!"

"Yeeeah, I'm just going to hope we hit a modern universe next. It's so much easier when there's a store for everything."

The cellar door slammed open to interrupt their riveting discussion. Out of it strode Solaire, sword in hand, breathing heavily. He was covered in blood.

"Rats," he explained to them.

An hour earlier, Jaune would have scoffed at the notion of rats posing a danger. That was before seeing one in person. Something must be in the water around these parts, because those 'pests' went up to his knees. At a start.

"Are you injured?" he asked.

"Thank you for your concern, but never fear, for this blood is not mine. Alas," Solaire clasped his hands over his heart, "my sun is also not mine." A laugh. "I suppose we shall press on!"

"Sounds good to me. Maybe we'll have better luck upstairs."

At a glance, the second floor held promise. The decor of paintings and carpets indicated that people of greater import might have occupied this level of the barracks. Officers and the like, Tattletale helpfully provided as if it were a startling revelation.

"Grrr."

"What?" Jaune said. "I'm not wrong. Who else would be living here? It's obvious, no superpowers needed."

To emphasize the point, he swept an arm across the room. Oh, the valuables have long since been looted to leave a bare-bone space littered with rubbish but the quality furniture, the bookshelves, and the empty jewelry boxes spoke of the outpost commander's well-to-do life. His body lying on the bed with a sword in his gut, a sword of similar manufacture to the ones in the armory downstairs, suggested his subordinates were quite jealous of his wealth.

It was such a nice bed, too…

"His soldiers didn't do it. See how the body is splayed? He was resting, and died without fighting back. Poison, likely. The sword's a red herring to draw attention away from the real cause. An assassin did this, or a spurned lover."

"I don't know, that seems a stretch."

Tattletale flapped her mouth wordlessly, shocked and offended. Finding her voice, she retorted, "Like hell it is!"

"Well, what if the killer brought help? His buddies held the arms and legs—"

"Wrong. Totally wrong. Even if he was restrained, he still would have struggled, and the wound would look a lot messier. The bloodstain is also too small. The body had gone cold hours beforehand. It's obvious."

Jaune glanced back at the body. Lacking her ability, he saw none of the things Tattletale claimed.

"...I'll take your word for it."

She grinned. "Yeah, you had better."

A lull fell over the pair, the conversation topic exhausted. Jaune scanned the empty quarters of the commander. The inspection yet again failed to uncover treasure, and he decided to ask the question on his mind.

"Do you think you can turn that superpower to finding us some loot?"

Because while interesting, the detective show was none too useful—

Tattletale winced, her grin gone.

—and he'd prefer an actual payoff for the last few hours.

"I would have if there was anything here, it's not my fault this place is empty!"

"On the contrary…" Solaire, heretofore spending his time tapping on the wall for unknown reasons, interjected. "I am sure…perhaps here…ah hah!"

Jaune rubbed his eyes. At his side, Tattletale stared blankly, her mind having short-circuited. Between the bed and a dresser, where there had once been solid stone blocks, now sat an entrance to another room, one filled with odds and ends.

"Bwuh!? But how—that couldn't—there was a wall there!" spluttered Tattletale in confusion.

Solaire crossed his arms, nodding in sympathy. "Do not blame yourself. For centuries, illusion sorceries have befuddled the senses of gods and humanity."

"Fucking sorcery!" Tattletale spat, raging. She spun towards Jaune. "I would have figured it out eventually."

He snickered. "Sure you would."

"I would!" she insisted, before gasping. "The floor plan! The size of the second floor didn't match the first, and the wall in the adjacent room is spaced out too far from this one, and…and…"

Jaune's smile faded. Her bewilderment amused him at first, but he was starting to get the sense that she may be, in fact, taking it very badly. He put a hand on her shoulder, stopping the spiel of deductions.

"Look, don't worry, I get it. I believe you."

"You don't!" she snapped back.

Ouch. He kept forgetting that lying didn't work well against this girl when [Blank] was shut off.

"I'm serious. Don't mind it. Solaire found the illusion anyway, so it's fine." Though he said that, from her expression it was not fine. "Hell, a treasure chest is lying on the ground right over there, isn't that great? We're in business."

In truth, it appeared the only object of note here. The papers and reports on the nearby desk no doubt contained critical information back in the days, and were as important as toilet paper now. The stash of wine bottles on a shelf bore an odd color that Jaune was leery of. Aside from those, the room saw use as a repository of broken junk. The commander had been the type to shove his trash in a corner to make space and forget about them.

But the chest, oh, the chest beckoned to Jaune with its promise. Crafted of smooth, polished wood, it occupied pride of place at the center of the hidden room, untouched by the ravages of time. He put it down to magic to have a hand in the fine condition of the chest, and if that was so, then who's to say that the contents did not enjoy the same benefit.

Solaire, at least, seemed to agree with the sentiment, lending the chest his full attention. Slowly, he moved towards it, one hand fishing in the pouches at his belt for something.

"Wait a minute." Tattletale tilted her head, puzzled. She peered closer, observing the chest for a while. Abruptly, her eyes widened, and she piped up, "That's not a chest! It's breathing! Look at the floor, there's traces of a struggle!"

Solaire grew still. Silence befell the room.

"Oh, dear," the knight whispered. "Why must you tell it?"

No sooner had he spoken, the chest launched itself at the group. A body sprouted under the container, a lean torso on two long legs. Up top, the lid swung open to reveal rows of sharp teeth, two arms springing forth from around a giant, drooling tongue to grasp for a target.

Jaune had worked his way up to that point, the visuals. He was experiencing a bit of trouble with what to do about it; life has failed to adequately prepare him for an ambush from living pieces of furniture. Tattletale was likewise frozen, having undergone a mental crash again.

Solaire was the one to act, intercepting the lunge with his shield raised high. His posture suffered for the hasty maneuver, though, and he was taken off his feet by the sheer weight of the monster, slamming into Jaune and Tattletale to knock the party back out to the main quarters in a mess of tangled limbs.

The living chest thrashed about in a frenzy, its maw trying to snap on the closest person and nearly catching Jaune with a swipe as he scrambled to his feet. He pulled Tattletale away before the thing could grab her, shoving the girl out of its reach toward the exit.

"Down! Go down and get out of the building!"

She hesitated for a second, scared expression giving way to regret and self-recrimination. Then, heeding his command, she vanished around the corner. After confirming her safety, Jaune spun to face the danger, Crocea Mors at the ready.

The monster had Solaire lifted in the air, and was currently feeding him headfirst into its mouth.

"Oh, crap! Solaire!"

He rushed forward, sword slashing. The blade bit deep into flesh, and while the monster released Solaire with a shriek of pain, to his consternation it failed to cleave straight through the arm. The spindly frame and awkward limbs granted the monster an illusion of weakness, and belied a body that was all corded muscle, tough to a degree Jaune would call supernatural.

The chest looked(?) down at its arm to the bleeding gash there, then looked(?) up at Jaune. He got the feeling that, despite the complete lack of eyeballs, the thing was sending him a baleful glare full of hatred.

"I have a sword and I'm not afraid to use it."

"Ssaaaaaaa!"

He did not speak furniture, but the translation probably went something like this: I have a mouth full of fangs and I am eager to use them.

"Glad we reached an understanding. Rahhhh!" He charged the monster.

"Ssaaaa!" It responded in kind.

The creature batted his sword aside. He bashed it in the chin with the shield, the treasure chest head snapping back from the force of the blow. It rode the momentum, leg swinging up to kick him into the ceiling, the wood cracking from the impact. He fell down towards a waiting maw. Solaire tackled it out of the way, and Jaune landed on the floor without meeting harm. Once he climbed upright, the other man was locked in combat with the monster; even with two cuts on the torso and one more on the thigh, it was barely slowing.

"Jaune, I dropped my Lloyd talisman!" Solaire shouted over his shoulder. "It is the surest method—" He ducked under a fist. "—to defeat a mimic!"

"I'll look for it!" yelled Jaune.

He dropped to his hands and knees, padding along the floor as he sought the Lloyd talisman.

Wait. Hang on.

"I have no idea what that is! Solaire, you look for it, and I'll keep the chest busy!"

The knight disengaged from the mimic and Jaune switched in, unleashing a series of wild swings to force the monster to evade. The huge head and elongated limbs worked oddly well together, changing directions and bending around the sword in ways that defied common sense.

Seizing an opening, it clocked him in the face. Aura prevented actual damage, and he shook off the pain to put up his shield in answer. It grabbed the top edge with the other arm to pull the shield down, then punched him again. The fist winded back, and as it launched, Jaune returned the shield to sheath form, his sword stabbing through the space that the shield used to occupy. The blade buried itself a few inches into the belly of the mimic. A roar of pain shook the room.

The mimic stumbled back, letting go of the sheath which Jaune redeployed to shield form. Rushing after the monster, he pressed the opportunity with a slash of his sword. A bare-handed block robbed the mimic all five fingers on the right side.

"Ha! How'd you like me now?" he mocked.

The giant tongue slapped him on the cheek so hard it spun him to face the opposite direction.

"Owwww," he moaned, holding his face. "Owwww. Does this count as a kiss? Did I get kissed by a treasure chest?"

There was no answer—maybe the mimic was too shy to admit it—but movement on the other side of the room drew his notice, and he spotted Solaire pulling an object from under the bed. The man held it aloft in triumph before tossing the silvery medallion past Jaune. He turned to watch what it did.

The talisman hit the floor, breaking into pieces and releasing the smoke held within. The effect was instantaneous, albeit likely not what Solaire desired. With a howl of panic, the mimic scurried to the side in order to avoid the smoke cloud, jumping up near the ceiling and splaying out its arms and legs to hold itself in the corner.

Hearing Solaire give a sheepish laugh, Jaune asked, "What was supposed to happen?"

"The fumes contained inside a talisman of Lloyd bears a most curious effect on the mimic clan, inducing a somnolescent daze," commented the knight, observing the mimic with a careful eye. "Of course, that only takes effect when it inhales the substance. If otherwise…"

"I don't think I like where this is going."

"...the creature may become enraged at the attempt, believing that we mean to abscond with its treasure while it slumbers. What a misunderstanding. Hah hah hah."

Jaune chuckled, weakly. "Thought so."

The cloud thinned out, and was soon dispelled altogether, leaving utter stillness in its wake. The onset of evening had cast the room into shadows, and from the darkest corner the mimic peered out at the pair of Jaune and Solaire with a malevolent gaze.

"Ssaaa…Ssaaa…Ssaaa…"

I'll kill you. I'll kill you. I'll kill you, was the impression Jaune received.

It let go, landing light on the balls of the feet. The slobbering tongue ran along the edges of the chest, licking its chops.

"Pheh. Quit posturing," Jaune ordered. "You don't scare us."

The mimic pressed its lid almost shut, leaving a thin line; the equivalent of eyes narrowing, Jaune realized. An expression of one who had been challenged. He pointed Crocea Mors at the monster.

"Hell, you're downright cute in comparison to some of the things I've faced. This sword has killed a drake. Can you claim the same?"

His words froze the creature where it stood. The mimic studied the weapon with a critical gaze. Drool started pouring over the lip of the chest. Waking from the stupor, it leveled a finger at the blade before pointing to itself.

"What? Give you my sword?" Fat chance of that.

The mimic curled the intact fingers into a strangling gesture. It exuded anticipation. Glee.

"Ahhh. You're taking Crocea Mors from my cold, dead body."

It nodded.

"Got it. Looks like we can't both walk away from this. You want to kill us for our stuff, we need to kill you to live, so let's drop the tricks and mind games, and just fight. May the best man— uh, person—warrior win."

"Ssaaa…" It took a step forward, then pushed off to rush at them. "SSAAAA!"

Jaune met the charge with his own. The mimic winded up for a punch. He brandished his sword. He gave a sharp thrust. It leapt over the blade.

Wut?

Tucked in a ball, the mimic soared, having canceled the fakeout punch in favor of the true attack, one utilizing its great weight. It launched both legs straight, catching Jaune in the chest. Five hundred pounds in motion crashed against a running human, and won. The dropkick blasted Jaune across the room. Glass shattered in a million fragments as he flew out the window.

Flipping end over end, he knew neither sky nor land, and [Third Arm] grabbed hold of empty air. Jaune slammed into pavement. Before he could do anything, Tattletale chose that moment to exit the barracks, tripping and falling on top of him.

Blue gazed into green.

"Hi."

"Hi…? Did you just drop from the second floor?"

"Ugh, yeah. That mimic's got moves. Guy could have been a champ."

"L-Look," Tattletale suddenly said, voice quavering. Jaune raised a brow at the odd tone. "I wasn't wrong about that thing. How would I know that it can hear us? A-And think about what might happen without my warning!" As he listened, Jaune gazed past her to the sky. His eyes bulged in shock. "You could have walked too close and been eaten! So…so…"

"Hold that thought."

Jaune wrapped his arms around Tattletale, and rolled the both of them out of the way. An instant later, the mimic struck the ground in a three-point landing, a fist leaving cracks in the stone right on the spot where their heads had been.

A beat, and the creature turned in their direction. The mimic slowly straightened to its full height, slender figure casting a long shadow over the road.

"Sssaaaaa?"

Hoh? You're still alive? it seemed to say. Gravel crunched as the mimic pivoted on its heels to fully face them. It began walking.

"Stay behind me?" Jaune said to Tattletale. They disentangled themselves, and hurried to get in formation.

He needn't have worried. The treasure chest only had eyes for him. Er, lid. Wood.

…He's going to just call it eyes, and stop thinking too hard about it.

As they prepared for contact, a shadow overlapped with that of the mimic. Jaune snapped his head upward, a motion copied by the monster. He did not regret it, but it certainly did. A plain, steel sword rammed through the roof of the chest.

A piercing screech rang out over the Undead Burg, pained and tortured and wrathful.

Jaune grinned, and would have cheered in victory. His euphoria died as the mimic refused to fall. The blade puncturing its head was stuck fast, and ichor flowed from the wound, but the attack had failed to put the thing down for good. It was yet alive. It was angry as hell. And, it had a target.

He came to a terrible realization. People with Aura can fall out of buildings fine. People without…they break. Paling, he sprinted at the creature, hoping to force it away from the knight who was rolling off his back nearby. One leg was clearly broken.

"Solaire! Why would you do something so reckless!?"

"Not to worry, I am—"

What he was about to say will forever remain unspoken, because Jaune was too late. The mimic lifted one foot high, and stomped down. With a sharp crack that sickened Jaune to hear, Solaire was driven into the stone pavement. The knight laid still.

Vengeance attained, the mimic fell to its knees, and punched a fist towards the sky.

It did not retaliate as Crocea Mors staked it, through the lips, through the tongue, impaling into the very depths of the chest.

The mimic gave a gurgling, choking noise. It reached out a hand, grasping for Jaune, who dodged from it. The stubborn thing held the hand in place, still reaching, until the effort became too great. It tipped over, crashing to the ground with a dull thud.

Jaune gazed down at the dying mimic, watching it take its last breaths.

"Ssaaa…"

Translation: You have bested me. Now my end draws near. Heh, it's funny. The sky is so bright, yet the world grows dark. Farewell to you, the better thief. know that…that…

Mimics never die.
These treasures mine, yours to claim.
The cycle lives on…​

Probably. He's not really an expert on furniture language or anything.

"Oh god, oh god, oh god!"

Tattletale's stricken sobs shattered the moment. Jaune whirled around to see her unbuckling Solaire's helm, the attempt hampered by her shaking hands. He skidded to their side in the next second, helping her. As he pulled the armor off, she jabbed the man in the neck with a stimpak, administering the healing cocktail.

No movement. She injected another. Then a third, to no effect. She was a wreck by the time she raised the fourth stimpak. Jaune grabbed her wrist to stop her.

"It's no use, Tattletale. He's gone."

Solaire was younger than Jaune expected, a clean-shaven man in his prime. In death, he still wore a smile. It suited the affable knight.

The stimpak Tattletale was holding slipped from her grip, and the girl cradled her head between her hands. Muttered curses, apologies, confessions, they poured from her lips in an unending stream.

Jaune stayed silent, struck dumb by the abruptness of it all. The minutes ran together. In his mind, he thought over everything that led to this moment.

What if they hadn't set off the mimic? What if he had succeeded in killing it sooner? Or treated the fight more seriously, retaining the awareness that he fought alongside an Auraless person?

Why hadn't he awakened Solaire's Aura? In hindsight, the man had earned their trust ten times over. Why did the knight jump out that window? He had to know how dangerous it was.

He wanted to scream at Tattletale. At himself.

Solaire…

"He was—he was such a good guy," Jaune murmured. "A real hero. I'm sorry I couldn't save you."

"Oh, that is quite alright, Jaune."

"AHHHH!"

"AHHHH!"

Jaune and Tattletale screamed bloody murder, hugging each other in terror as a dead man loomed above them.

"A ghost!"

"I'm sorry!"

Solaire threw back his head, and laughed. The man stood upright, with nary a scratch on him.

"Hah hah hah! Did you forget, perchance? Like most those who come to Lordran, I am one of the Undead."

Jaune twisted to look at where the body of Solaire formerly laid. At some unknown point in the last hour, it had disappeared without a trace. Then, that meant the Solaire here could be the original, and no illusion.

"S-So, you're alive?"

"Of course not. I am Undead. Hah hah hah!"

This bastard.

"Solaire."

"What is it, my friend?"

"I'm unlocking your Aura. No arguments."

-o-​

An hour later, resting around a bonfire, Jaune reiterated his stance.

"I said no arguments!"

"And not one of us here gainsay you."

They sure were thinking it, though. That was a dozen tries with nothing to show for it. What was going on?

The process started well enough. Normal. His chant was on point. The Aura flowed smoothly.

Except, the instant it pushed from his hand and passed over to Solaire, he received a sensation as if the Aura that should awaken the soul was instead vanishing. Consumed by something, becoming other and no longer under his control. Deeming it a matter of quantity, he added more Aura, to the same result. The motes were falling into a bottomless pool, mere drips touching on something vast and hungry.

"Again."

"I wish you luck."

"Again."

"Take heart, perhaps this time it will succeed."

"Aga—Oh, forget it. This isn't working." Jaune wiped the sweat from his brow, and dropped to sit on the pile of sheets that were his sleeping arrangement for the night; they had appropriated supplies from the barracks for their camp. "I'm sorry, Solaire."

"Hah hah hah. Do not fret. I am of a hardy constitution in my own way."

"I wouldn't call dying over and over a good thing."

Solaire finished stoking the flames, and scooted back to his bedroll.

"The Undead Curse is no curse to me. Without it, I could never have made it this far."

This guy was too blasé about being an abomination of nature. If asked, Jaune would opine that the prospect of turning Undead carried with it existential questions not easily brushed off. There's no convincing the man of that, though. Life as an Undead allowed him to quest for his sun, and to Solaire, that one merit quashed all other considerations.

"Is there no downside?"

The smile Solaire wore somewhat faded. He rubbed his head, pondering the question.

"Not to me," he said in the end.

"But there are?"

The knight dropped his gaze to the bonfire, hesitating. He did not like this line of question. Before Jaune could pivot to a lighter subject, Solaire heaved a great sigh.

"In the fading of the First Flames, the curse arose. It does not allow us to pass on, and should we perish, from the bonfires we rise again. In exchange, food ceased to sate our hunger. Wine loses its taste. Life, its luster."

"That sounds…" Unfulfilling. Empty.

"You need not say it. All Undead knows. Everything fades." Solaire looked up to meet Jaune's eyes. His voice grew somber, grave. "Even memory. A warning to you. Should I cease to recognize you and Tattletale, and behave as if you are my enemy…do not hesitate to end my life, as many times as need be until I am one of those unfortunate fellows. Otherwise, I fear I might pose a danger to you, my friend."

Jaune gulped.

The conversation soon fell off, leaving each to their thoughts. In time, they each retired for the night. Sleep, at least, still belonged to the Undead, and soft snores rose from the other side of the fire.

Jaune tossed and turned for a while longer, pondering the notion of living forever. Unlike most, he would not have to accept a curse or, say, the bite of a vampire to achieve it, merely the press of a button. The Company put it on sale for an appropriate price. As in, outrageously exorbitant. Yet, both he and Tattletale had seen the offer, and none-too-secretly marked it down in their respective notes.

Up until now, he hadn't considered that immortality might not always be a boon. Who knew.

Did Tattletale?

He looked to where she had settled, a short distance apart from the fire and the group. Tattletale sat framed against the night sky, idly stroking the ring resting in her palm. It was their prize purloined from the mimic treasure chest.

The ring dampened sounds made by the movement of its wearer, their footsteps and the rustling of clothes. For the one who needed to avoid notice when a fight breaks out, passing it to her seemed a no-brainer, was his thinking.

She didn't look at all happy with it in her hand, and has yet to ever put it on.

Author's Notes: Really thought this arc would fit into two chapters. Ah well, one more next week to round it out.

.

I buffed that mimic to hell and back. You know, to capture the feeling of terror from one's first Dark Souls mimic fight.
.

Nothing so sweet as an unearned reward.
Or was it bitter?
Last edited: Nov 10, 2024
Stories:
QQ Sneaking His Way into the Multiverse , a RWBY Jaune, WC-lite mechanics story.
Other RWBY stories on AO3 or FF - Yakuza Arc | Conquered Menagerie: Annals of the Sixth Kingdom | Cat, Bunny, and the Good Ship Honey Starbright | The Agent
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:RSR2000, Amdiranifani, IceWind74 and 833 others
LazyAutumnMoon
Nov 10, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 17: Jaune and Tattletale Want to Ring that Bell
View content
LazyAutumnMoon
LazyAutumnMoon
We all need Sundancer in our life.
JoinedJun 7, 2024
Messages289
Likes received68,284
Nov 16, 2024
Add bookmark
#335
The heat of the furnace cast the room in a warm glow, almost unbearably so. The steady clang-clang of a hammer striking metal was accompanied by the occasional growl coming from the direction of the stairs leading below, and a shaking as something large prowled around. Were one to descend those steps, they would encounter a headless demon born of stone. Harmless, the blacksmith of the forge called it, so long as no person disturbed its domain.

Aside from the blacksmith—Andre, a stocky man of unkempt hair and beard—the room hosted a number of visitors. A staircase led upward and on the top steps sat Tattletale, who preferred the cool air of the nearby open doorway as she observed the scene. At the bottom, Jaune stood leaning on a wall, arms crossed and a little smile on his face; he was listening to the conversation between Solaire and the blacksmith.

The two men hailed from the same kingdom, and each had heard of the other. Their meeting revealed much of their home, Astora. To Jaune, it resembled a storybook, with kings and queens, beautiful princesses and questing knights. The people there liked their humor a tad dark, though the jokes were by no means malicious. Laughter came easy to them.

"...just like a pig-wrestling bout at a village fair, I tell you," Solaire said, slapping his knee in mirth. "Complete with the screaming and falling off at the end!"

"A lunatic, then. Same as all the others." Andre shook his head in exasperation, but could not quite hide the grin.

"No, no, do not misunderstand. The tactic succeeded, and he escaped with his life beside. What would you call him? Inspired, I say," insisted Solaire.

He was something, alright. Jaune broke out in cold sweat, remembering the encounter.

/​

Man and pig screamed at each other from a distance of inches.

The buildings blurred as the sharp-tusked boar sped by, bigger than a car, and as fast as one too. Armored from snout to tail, the beast was an unstoppable juggernaut, thundering hooves bringing it ever closer to the shut portcullis behind which resided a cathedral.

Not that the boar realized it. Those red eyes, overcome with hate and hunger, were trained on the persistent nuisance that was Jaune Arc clinging onto its face, using its tusks as handholds. Hollowed soldiers manning the parapets above rained down arrows and rocks on them both, going ignored as their staring contest raged on.

The clash of will culminated with Jaune blinking first, blanching upon recalling what awaited at his back and that he was probably a second away from impact. To save himself, he leapt upward, and the armored boar triumphantly tossed its head to whack him with a tusk, sending him cartwheeling through the air. Its gaze then turned forward, and what followed was a squeal of utter surprise, a resounding crash of metal on metal, a busted gate, and an even more busted pig. Oh, plus a Jaune caught out in the open as every Hollow there now had a free shot at him.

What a great plan.

/​

And there was much screaming.

Sticks and stones might not break his bones, but the pain transmitted just fine. Similar to bullets, a few dozen arrows eventually made for a bad time. All in all, it could have gone better.

What he said out loud, however, was a little different. Sometimes, a person has to own their mistakes…by twisting it into success!

"Inspired is right. It worked like a charm, didn't it? Man, I'm amazing."

Jaune held up a fist, which Solaire obliged with a bump. The gesture was one he had taught to the knight, and one the other man quickly grew to enjoy using. The connotations of it meshed with his outlook on life.

The blacksmith snorted in derision. "And here I always reckon the Undead Curse was what drives men mad. I suppose we find fools everywhere no matter their state." He placed the sword he had beaten into shape aside. "Still, I'll admit you done me a favor. That pig's been in the way of me scavenging trips for too long."

"No big deal, we had to fight past it anyhow. And if you're looking for material, then the boar's just lying there wearing a ton of armor. Pretty sure you could get good use out of that."

Andre answered him with a grunt, and an evaluating glance. He searched Jaune's expression for a hidden trick, finding none. "Mighty generous, that. I think I'll take you up on the offer. But later. I hate owing, so tell you what, hand me that sword of yours. I can improve on it for a favorable rate."

Jaune perked up at the proposal. An opportunity to upgrade Crocea Mors? He checked over the area. The shield may require modern technology, but the sword component lacked mechashift. It was simple, meaning a medieval blacksmith possessed the full complement of tools to work on the weapon.

From the stairs, Tattletale called down, "We helped you and you still want to charge us? Boo!" A surreptitious thumbs-up let Jaune know she had a plan, and that he should leave it to her to negotiate. Voice sweet as sugar, the girl wheedled, "Come oooon, the job should be free. It's only fair! Whatever happened to Astoran hospitality?"

"You obviously never set foot in Astora, girlie," replied Andre, annoyed.

"And I probably won't be able to if you refuse to make Jaune a better sword. We wouldn't survive long enough," she shot back. Trying to guilt trip the man was…bold. "Why do you even need compensation? The Undead don't eat. They don't drink. And unless I miss my mark, there's no entertainment in Lordran to spend money on."

Uh-oh. Jaune sensed the changing mood in the blacksmith, and he waved at Tattletale to indicate that she should drop it. Nearby, Solaire cleared his throat in an exaggerated manner to convey the same. She was focused, though, the Thinker putting on her Thinking cap and sinking deep in the throes of her deductions, her eyes flitting over Andre to note each minute tic that meant little to other people, but revealed to her the pieces of the man's story. They came together to form an incomplete picture, hinting at secrets that Tattletale craved to uncover further.

"It's not like you have long lines of customers coming to you anymore. There's no business to run! You're already gaining the benefit of more available raw materials because of us, and this job costs you nothing, so—"

"Price just doubled," Andre said, idly.

"...Eh?"

Tattletale froze stock still, while Jaune palmed his face. The girl studied the blacksmith to understand that, yes, he was serious. Whatever goodwill they garnered had blown off with the wind.

"W-wow, is this really the level of integrity you bring to your work—"

"Triple."

Jaune walked over to the wall, and began banging his forehead against the stone.

Meanwhile, Tattletale flapped her mouth open and shut, unable to form words. She spotted a smirk under Andre's beard, and it caused her to flush red with anger. Before she could retort, Andre held up four fingers, and the rebuttal on her lips was replaced with a pout. Tattletale stamped her foot on the steps, and crossed her arms, letting everyone know of her displeasure.

A lull in the conversation ensued, broken by Jaune.

"Well, thanks for the offer, Andre. I think I'll hold off on that. The price seems a tad high, you know?"

"Like I said, favorable rates. Hand me the blade."

He blinked in surprise. "Huh? But you just increased the price."

"You aren't the girlie, lad. I'll provide the titanite. That, I have plenty to spare. 'Tis honest pay for me craft I be needing. As all me customers know."

Halfway through, Andre had slipped, his tone taking on a trace of pride, and it occurred to both Jaune and Tattletale—quite late—that the blacksmith set his terms not for profit, or not entirely so, but rather for reasons of a sentimental nature. To be Undead was to exist in a state of 'don't have', deprived of home and connections and fulfillment. Perhaps, due to that, some may want to cling to their memories of the past, going through the motions of the time they were alive. A proper sale was one of those things that Andre desired to experience.

Up in her spot, Tattletale tapped a beat on her crossed arm with her fingers, irritated at herself and refusing to meet anyone's gaze. As for Jaune, he could not present his sword fast enough. His other hand brandished a fistful of gold, taken from Dunwall and stored in a money pouch for use in their journey.

"That sounds a fair trade to me. Here! Would this work to cover it? Or, hell, if you prefer dealing in favors, I can go fight that monster in the basement for you."

Andre peered at the coins and the anxious expression on Jaune's face, flicked his gaze up to the miserable Tattletale. Through their actions, he seemed to have noticed something off about them—Jaune dared not ask what, lest he confirmed it—and after a moment's deliberation, he gave an amused huff to dispel the last of the tension in the room. His gruff demeanor returned, and he waved a hand in dismissal.

"Bah! What hovel did you two crawl out from? Take those useless soft metals away. And you leave that beastie alone. Where do you think I harvest titanite from?"

"Gold will do you no good here," interjected Solaire to explain. "Souls are the currency of Lordran."

Jaune leveled a skeptical look at the knight. Buying and selling souls? If they bring out contracts that he has to sign in blood, then friendly or not, he was taking Tattletale and bailing.

Yet, it also explained much. Offering Andre their coins revealed them to be outsiders, faraway travelers who did not know of how life works in these lands, and were lost. Did the blacksmith sympathize?

As for Solaire, he accepted the incredulity with good grace. "Here, allow me to demonstrate."

He held out a palm, inviting Jaune to observe. Above, Tattletale peered between the banisters, curious at the claim.

At first there was nothing. Then, a spark ignited. It floated above Solaire's hand, a small flame that spun and danced, growing with each passing second as more wisps coalesced, until a roaring fire blazed in his palm. Tattletale stared at it, jaw dropping as she struggled to comprehend what she beheld. Jaune, coming from a society that already knew the soul was a malleable thing, simply admired the fine control. There were Huntsmen—Ren, for example—who spent years honing Aura techniques to enable a number of esoteric uses. His teammate never showed a move like this.

A very important question: Can Aura be shaped in a similar form, and slung about as if they were fireballs? Inquiring (and videogame-fueled) minds demanded an answer. Jaune put a pin on it to mess around with later, and tuned back to Solaire as he proceeded with his explanation.

"Undead, Hollows, mortals, beasts. We all leave a part of ourselves behind in death, echoes of our experiences and thoughts. An Undead absorbs these souls, whether taken from foes or picked up from those who met with fatal misfortune, and becomes grander for it."

"You get stronger as you kill. That's…a bit morbid."

And yet, the soul looked beautiful.

Also, it glowed, meaning it was good for the body.

"Is it? I do not think so. To me, it seems a wondrous thing. Those who fall entrust their will to those who continue on and from this act great deeds are done, and legends are born."

Jaune doubted that it was that simple. When souls become currency, theft equals murder. The greedy would have an incentive to turn against their fellow man, necessitating that people watch their backs and defend themselves.

"Bandits must be a problem," he remarked.

"They receive their just due in time," was Solaire's blithe answer. Abruptly, he moved his hand closer to Andre, offering him the souls. "Will this suffice?"

Jaune protested, "Whoa, hey, you don't have to pay for me!"

"Ah hah hah! You forget, you deserve an equal part in souls for the felling of the drake. This is my chance to return to you your share. Andre, hurry!"

Solaire laughed again as, before Jaune could argue further, the blacksmith swiped the soul from him. Andre rolled it in his hand like he was judging the weight, then let the orb sink beneath his skin.

"That'll do. The sword now."

"...That's quite sly of you, Solaire." Jaune passed the sword half of Crocea Mors by the handle to Andre, who studied it with interest.

Solaire was unrepentant. "And how else would you have made the trade? It is a shame your Aura cannot be drawn forth in this manner."

Understatement of the year. His soul regenerated, thus in theory translating to an infinite source of wealth in this realm, no killings necessary. Without a viable method to hand it off, though, he might as well be the world's richest pauper.

"Good steel. Not a speck of titanite. Yes, I could…nine ought to do it…" Andre, who had abandoned the ongoing conversation the moment he received a new job, murmured to himself. He turned to the furnace, and as an afterthought called over a shoulder. "Should take me no more than an hour or two."

Jaune frowned at the comment. That turnaround sounded way too fast. Beacon allowed their students to skip combat class for days on the excuse of a weapon upgrade because rarely did it finish in a shorter interval. The technology available at the academy shortened the process up to a point, no further. Certain steps required time, simple as that.

In moments, he received his answer. Having removed the hilt from Crocea Mors to leave just the metal blade, Andre grasped his hammer. A strange light entered his eyes, casting a radiant shine. His breaths emitted steam, the heat of which seemed to flow into the furnace, stoking the flames. He raised the hammer high, and brought it down on the blade to shatter it to pieces in one mighty blow.

(Jaune could not help a keening whine of pain and loss at the sight. He might have understood the idea in broad strokes, that the metal would need to be melted down, but to witness it happen was terrible for his heart.)

Andre then swept the fragments together to form a stack out of them, and proceeded to plunge a hand into a nearby pile of ores and chips. Shards of the dark metal practically leapt to the blacksmith's grasp of their own volition. He joined them to the heap of broken steel.

From a small casket came a brightly glowing fire, burning near golden. Andre plucked at it with his bare fingers, and to Jaune's uncomprehending gaze succeeded in grasping the immaterial flame. He flicked it at the furnace. Fire met fire, and exploded with energy, roiling out of their confines, the heat scorching even from a distance. The room thrummed with a pulsing heartbeat, centered on Andre of Astora.

This was blacksmithing in the land of gods and sorceries, and Jaune had never seen its like.

In a matter of minutes, the room grew inhospitable to the point of driving Jaune and Solaire to the stairs. Tattletale had already escaped to the floor above, and they joined her there to avoid the heat, and to not disturb Andre's work. Even that proved insufficient, leading to the party exiting the building altogether to gather on the path that connected to the Undead Parish.

"Well, that's…" Jaune searched for a good word.

"Impossible?" suggested Tattletale.

"Amazing. Magnificent. Magical."

Magical. Yes, that fits. Jaune looked to his hand, and the scroll he had used to take a picture of the scene. There on the screen, a person faced down an inferno, and commanded it to do their bidding. That'd be a story to tell his friends.

"So," Tattletale walked over to a crumbling wall, hopping up to sit atop it, "I guess we're stuck here for a couple of hours? Please don't tell me you're running off to fight with only a shield."

To her alarm, Jaune contemplated it. "I mean, I can probably nip back down to the forge and borrow a sword."

He wasn't that keen on wielding an unknown weapon, though. How can he trust it?

A chuckle from Solaire drew their attention. With a flourish, he presented a sword not his own, before tossing it to Jaune. The scabbard hit his palm with an audible smack. The knight then drew his sword, and took up a stance.

"Andre has agreed to lend us a spare for the time being, and while it lacks the same quality as your blade, it should suffice for a spot of practice as we wait. What do you say? Are you amenable to a few lessons?"

Jaune grinned.

Soon, the sound of metal striking metal rang out across the ruins. Rather than a proper spar, they hosted a series of exchanges, the two fighters going through the motions with far gentler intent than if they were serious. It allowed Solaire to observe the technique and footwork of Jaune, and remark on points where he could afford improvements.

Although Jaune received the lion's share of the payoff, the affable knight learned something new, too; namely, the dirtier moves prevalent in Mistral's tournament scene. Pyrrha was not above sweeping out her opponent's leg or obscuring their vision with her shield, and Jaune employed those tactics judiciously in order to gain an advantage during the bouts.

In one such exchange, they locked blades, and Solaire managed to suss out another of his secrets. Their contest was even at first, Undead strength clashing with Huntsman strength. Little by little, however, Jaune began to overwhelm his opponent, until the other man stumbled and was forced to yield.

"How odd!" exclaimed Solaire. "Your arms carry a strength that does not fit your frame. You are not cheating, are you? Hah hah hah!"

Sunlight glinted off the bonecharms tied to a string around Jaune's neck.

[Strong Arms] did what it said on the tin, and lent him a little bit of extra force in his blows and grip. A 7% increase or thereabout according to Tattletale's uncannily accurate intuition, following an experiment that involved pelting rocks off the bridge with the drake. The effect was useful enough for him to keep the charm, and subtle enough that he had not experienced much trouble acclimatizing to the difference.

"I wouldn't call it cheating. I just got a boost from an accessory, sort of like that ring Tattletale has."

"A rare treasure, indeed. Hm." Solaire tapped his chin in thought. "I recommend you acquire weapons suited to leveraging that advantage. A hammer or a mace. Do consider it."

He did not fancy himself as the Nora-type, but the advice held merit. A crushing strike utilizing an enhanced strength may do wonders on his foes. Jaune filed it to the back of his mind.

Advice given, and taken, the two of them reset their stances, then clashed again. Thus they passed the hours on that little stretch of the path, trading pointers until Tattletale alerted them that Andre had finished his work.

Crocea Mors was whole once more, the metal a shade grayer than previous. Jaune raised it aloft to test the weight, finding it heavier in his hand; not unduly so, but he can imagine an easier time breaking past drake scales and mimic flesh. Running a finger along the blade, he marveled at the keen edge that shaved at his Aura despite the lightest of touches.

With arms crossed and a proud expression on his face, Andre nodded in satisfaction. "Your steel was good. This alloy is better. I've reinforced the sword with titanite to the very limit that I can take it at this time. Only way it can be better is to get me hands on a proper Ember…nevermind, this will do. May it serve you well."

Jaune performed an experimental slash. The blade whistled through the air, the sound different from usual. Sharper. Deadlier.

Giddy, he spun towards the blacksmith and, with one arm, pulled the gruff man into a half-hug. It earned him a punch to the gut, but Jaune was unfazed, laughing in delight.

"Thank you for doing this, Andre. I appreciate it!"

A chance detour had led to a fortuitous turn. Call him sentimental, call him an idiot, he was not truly ready to let his family sword go, and had dreaded the inevitable day he must replace it for something better. With this, he would be able to wield Crocea Mors for yet a while longer.

"Bah! It was hardly a challenge. Now, away with you. Leave me to ply me craft in peace. Thanks for the business."

"And thanks for the help! I won't ever forget what you did!"

-o-​

The Undead Parish, long abandoned, still exuded a strange, forlorn beauty. The statue behind the pulpit glowed with an inner light, brighter than could be given by the flickering candles or the sunbeams which filtered through from the broken gaps in the wall. The depicted woman wore a crown, and while Solaire could not place the figure, he ventured a guess that she was one of the goddesses of Anor Londo, long vanished from these lands.

A body laid before the statue. Jaune and Tattletale knew not what to make of it. Their companion again provided the answer. A brush upon the soul lingering within the remains and he proclaimed her one of the firekeepers, revered by the Undead for their tending to the bonfires from which the slain wake up anew. When a firekeeper dies, another refuge fades to ashes, and the world becomes just a little more unwelcoming to the Undead.

Perhaps that was why, when a bolt of blue sorcery missed their group and lanced through the body, Solaire—atypical to his easygoing self—roared a great cry of fury that deafened the ear, and charged the stairs to meet the horde of Hollows assembled on the level above.

One among their midst donned ornate robes, and a mask depicting many eyes; in its hands it held a trident that spewed magical arrows. The zombies moved as a unified force at its command, marking it the leader.

As Tattletale took cover and peppered the horde with her crossbow bolts, Jaune rushed up the steps to support Solaire. He arrived into a narrow corridor teeming with hostile forces, the numbers such that the knight was hard-pressed to advance another yard despite his skill. Some carried swords or spears, others had their hands to fight with and rags for protection; it mattered to them not, the zombies stumbled forward in a great mass.

Bracing behind his shield, Jaune met the charge with one of his own, ramming into the horde to create some breathing room for Solaire. Soon, though, he slowed down, then stopped altogether, unable to shove the zombies further due to the crush of bodies. Skipping back a step, he set himself abreast with the knight to form a defensive line, and they began hacking away at the Hollows positioned at the vanguard.

It seemed tenable at first. Then, a barrage of magic bolts started flying at them, aimed between the openings along the side of the passage. One hit Jaune in the shoulder. Whatever weird substance that sorcery was made of, it lingered and it burned.

Through gritted teeth, Jaune hissed, "Solaire! The one in the mask. Do you have any idea who that is?"

"No. They must be a sorcerer, that much is evident, though I recognize not their sigils." Solaire grunted as a Hollow crashed into his shield. He rebuffed the attack, yet had to exert greater effort than either of them would expect.

"The Hollows are stronger than usual." Odd, and worrying.

Solaire said, coldly, "But not enough. They will move aside, or perish."

The knight bade Jaune to cover for him. Sheathing his sword, he focused on his empty hand. The air crackled as electricity coalesced, shaping into the length of a javelin. Solaired winded back his arm, and let loose the lightning.

The thunderbolt speared a Hollow, went through to pierce the one behind it, then the one after that, and the next, and so on to devastate an entire column of the horde, scorching the zombies on either sides to boot.

"Hell yes!" Jaune cheered. He advanced, thinking to capitalize on the opportunity.

That was when the chant reached his ears.

The sorcerer had ceased their attacks. The trident now jabbed at the air, and they kicked their feet in a rhythmic stomping beat, singing at the top of their lungs.

Before Jaune had much time to wonder, a soft blue glow settled on the Hollows. As one, they threw back their heads, and howled. Their cry drowned out all noise, drowned out Jaune's very thoughts, and once they were done, they glared at Jaune and Solaire not with the blank countenance of those who have lost all traces of their ego, but with maddened snarls akin to wild animals. A stampede followed, the horde throwing themselves at the group in reckless abandon.

"What the hell…"

Why was he in an actual zombie movie, all of a sudden?

Tattletale was shouting as loud as she could. The din of battle prevented Jaune from catching a single word. Flicking his gaze over the scene, one thing of note stuck out to him. The trident shone in the same blue color. A simple conclusion, then. That, and the ritualistic dance, were the likeliest cause for the frenzy.

"The trident is the lynchpin. We need to reach the sorcerer!"

Of course, that was easier said than done. [Third Arm] fell short of the remaining distance to their target. Meanwhile, the force arrayed against them threatened to overwhelm their line, with the balance liable to tip either way on whether they would prevail or must retreat.

"I see no recourse except to persevere," Solaire replied. "Have you a different plan in mind?"

He had, in fact. Or the inkling of one. It was by no means certain, and involved great risk beside. Only a fool would agree to make the attempt.

Solaire was all for it.

On Jaune's signal, they broke from the engagement, withdrawing to bait the horde deep into the corridor. Once they had created some space, Solaire dropped to a knee with his shield pointed to the ceiling.

Lightly, Jaune hopped atop the impromptu platform, then leapt again off of that. As he did, Solaire shoved upward with his whole strength, imparting further momentum to send Jaune soaring above the incoming Hollows. At the apex of the jump, around midway to the other side, he thrust out his left hand. Shadows formed an arm that launched toward the ground at the end of the corridor, the fingers latching onto the stone. A tug, and the arm slingshotted him past the rest of the zombies.

Being a novice still in the finer points of using [Third Arm] to maneuver, Jaune flubbed the landing, skidding on the smooth floor. Upon regaining his footing, he hurried to dispatch the nearby stragglers that had stayed to guard the ritual. With mere seconds until the horde overwhelmed Solaire, there was no time to hesitate, and he raced at the sorcerer. The moment Jaune entered striking range, his sword flicked ahead and succeeded in hitting the trident with the very tip, knocking it to the ground.

The flow of the battle behind him underwent an immediate shift in Solaire's favor as the Hollows weakened, losing cohesion and tripping over each other.

Pressing his advantage, Jaune closed in, swinging his blade again to attack directly at the sorcerer!

He whiffed empty air.

His voice came out as a shriek, surprise and distaste rolled into one. "Teleporter!"

Give him giant beasts. Give him a zombie horde unending. But, dammit, can the universe stop putting teleporters in front of him?

Looking around for the sorcerer, he spotted them at a balcony, located down a corridor on the opposite side of the cathedral to the one Solaire was fighting in. They now wielded a plain wooden staff in their hand. A wave with it, and another magic bolt darted for him.

Jaune ducked below it, and sprinted in pursuit of his foe. Flashes of blue light missed him by scant inches. The few Hollows standing in between him and the sorcerer fell without being able to put up so much as a token resistance. Nothing could stop him.

Except for the sorcerer teleporting.

"Oh, come on!" Jaune whirled around, shoes squeaking on the stone, and ran back the way he came.

This time, the sorcerer found refuge in a nearby storage room, and to reach them Jaune had to climb onto a pile of crates, shielding against shot after shot of magic. All that effort, only to see the sorcerer vanish into thin air.

Taking up position within the horde now, they aimed their staff at Solaire. Jaune carved a path through the Hollows, thinning their numbers while the knight evaded both blades and magic. Having learned the game, he simply groaned when the sorcerer escaped before his arrival.

His elusive foe reappeared in their original spot. A pause to regain their bearings, and they bent down to grab the trident. A slide tackle from Jaune sent it flying off the balcony, hitting the ground floor with a clank.

Aaaand the sorcerer was gone again. He had an idea of where. A flash of movement below confirmed it.

At this point, Jaune did not even blink before taking action. Repeated clashes had clued him in that the sorcerer would spend a couple of seconds reorienting himself. That gave Jaune a short window where his target stayed in one place. He took a page out of an old favorite, a page that Solaire had also read, and with a running start he leapt over the balcony.

The sorcerer was not expecting him. Was not even facing the right direction. That drop measured so high, it would have shipped an Undead back to a bonfire via the afterlife delivery service. So, the sorcerer paid attention to the stairs, the route that a normal person would use to continue their pursuit. The sword driven into their head from above therefore came as a complete surprise, and if that did not do it to end the chase, then the weight of Jaune crashing onto their shoulders finished the job. The sorcerer was smushed flat against the ground, where they laid motionless and ceased their teleporting forevermore.

Jaune pumped both fists in the air, screaming his victory.

"Fight's still ongoing," Tattletale reminded him whilst sighting down her crossbow.

"Right. I knew that."

Sheepishly, Jaune sped off to help Solaire neutralize the remaining Hollows. In the absence of the sorcerer, the last of their intelligence seemed to drain away, rendering them easy pickings for the party.

After it was all over, the knight clapped him on the back. "A fine gambit, my friend. That sorcerer stood no chance."

"Couldn't have done it without you, Solaire. Nice job holding the Hollows at bay. I doubted you had an easy time of it."

"I was but a shield, whereas you plunged into the midst of our enemies. My task was akin to a stroll through the garden in comparison," so said Solaire, waving off the compliment with his good arm, the one that wasn't broken and hanging limply, facing the wrong direction. Jaune directed a pointed look at it.

In response, the knight unslung a flask hanging on his belt, and shook it. "Do not worry. A sip of Estus, and I shall be right as rain." He uncorked the bottle, taking a gulp of the orange substance.

Jaune let out an impressed hum as he observed the arm snapping back into place, and proceeding to move without issues. At a glance, Estus exhibited greater efficacy than stimpaks. It may be worth buying from the Marketplace, or for him to secure a supply here in the case of high prices.

"How does that taste?" he asked.

Solaire opened his mouth, closed it, and pondered the question for a while.

"It is a taste that is unlike water, unlike wine, unlike ale, and unlike milk."

"What is this, a riddle?"

"Hah hah hah! I swear I am speaking honestly. Estus is best described by what it is not. You would have to try for yourself to understand."

Well, now he's curious.

"Of course, if anyone other than an Undead partake of this brew, they quite possibly would find themselves becoming Undead…or just dead."

His curiosity died with a whimper. Jaune scooted away from the flask.

At that time, Tattletale made her appearance from the staircase. She carried the trident on a shoulder, and practically skipped along the corridor. Reaching them, she presented to him the weapon. The sight called to mind the image of a cat showing off the dead mouse it brought in from the yard.

"Oh, cool, I almost forgot about that. Thanks for picking it up!" said Jaune as he accepted the trident.

"You're welcome~"

He started studying the thing, thinking to check its value on the Company scroll. The persistent presence at his side, however, caused him to peer down at Tattletale again. She was sporting a cheeky smile, hands clasped behind her back as she twisted her body back and forth, gazing at him with a sense of expectation.

"You sure are chirpy. What's up?"

"Good thing you got my warning, huh? "

Her warning? Jaune tilted his head in confusion.

"You knooow, when I told you about the trident. That it had a Master effect causing the Hollows to run wild."

For a moment, Jaune stared at her in blank incomprehension. Then recognition dawned, and he thought he hid the truth rather well as he decided to play along.

"Yeah, that was really good info. You saved us there, Tattletale. Thanks!"

The lie failed to pass muster, and Tattletale began to look a little lost. "You…didn't hear me?"

Jaune averted his eyes, scratching his cheek. This was going to be awkward.

"It was way too loud and chaotic at that point, sorry. I think it would really help if we set up a way to communicate over long distances. About the sorcerer…I just kind of figured things out for myself."

"Oh."

Like he said, awk~waaard~.

Seeking a distraction, Jaune suggested they search for a way to forge onward and access the Bell of Awakening. The task turned out to be not that difficult. The storage room at the back featured a ladder that he missed during the battle with the sorcerer. After stashing the trident in a safe spot for later retrieval, they set to climbing. Reaching the top put them on a narrow platform, one that opened onto the wide roof.

And far, far at the opposite end of that roof stood a tower. From this vantage point, they could see a bit of the bell up there, sheltered under a dome.

"Finally!" Jaune exclaimed. "Man, am I glad it's over."

He hopped down to stand on the ridge part of the roof. Despite the general state of disrepair, a test of the slate tiles showed that they held firm under the weight of the group. The slope was gentle, too, so even with the lack of railings he expected they could traverse it easily enough. And in the case of an accident, the gargoyle statues lining the roof at regular intervals provided handholds.

On the whole, he's feeling pretty good about this.

"Does anybody else hear that rumbling?" Tattletale asked.

*Rumble. Rumble. Rumble.*

"...I do, yes."

Stone chips tinkling against the tiles alerted them to the source of the noise. Just below where the bell was hosted, there rested more gargoyle statues, each perched atop a corner of the tower. One among them differed from the rest. It was twitching. Jaune was quite certain that's not normal behavior for a statue.

With a sharp twist, the stone gargoyle fully shed the thin outer layer hiding its true nature. Sharp claws scraped on the ledge. Two wings unfurled. An earthshaking bellow resounded across the sky.

Jaune heaved a great sigh, and waved Tattletale back inside the building. "Don't know why I thought this would be simple. It's like everything wants to kill us here. The people. The animals. The furniture. And now the garden gnome."

The gargoyle dove from the tower. The flapping wings slowed its descent, but not by much. Rather than a landing, it crashed onto the roof, shattering the tiles and nearly buckling the floor beneath its feet.

Rising to its full height, the monster peered across the distance at their party. One hand gripped a halberd, the other was strapped down with a shield. Its tail ended in a battle axe. The demonic visage snapped from Jaune to Solaire, assessing them. Formed of stone, it moved in stilted motions. Stilted and limited.

"It's not alive!" called out Tattletale from the doorway. "The actions are set—programmed? Stone skin, stone teeth, stone tongue— probably stone everything, including organs."

Parsing that, Jaune gained two insights. The thing might be less adaptable, since it was an automaton, and there were unlikely to exist critical weakpoints he could stab. He scanned the gargoyle from head to foot, searching for the best place to attack. Statues…they tend to snap off at the joints, don't they?

The monster raised its halberd and shield, then took a step forward.

"It's hostile!"

Thanks, Tattletale. No way he would have noticed that otherwise. Really.

Solaire added, "Gargoyles are the creation of Anor Londo. This one must have been set here to test our worthiness!"

"That so?" Jaune twirled his sword in lazy circles. "Then I guess it's up and at 'em for one last fight. Unless the bell wants to take a shot at us, too."

"Can you imagine? Hah hah hah!"

Jaune and Solaire spaced themselves apart, and started advancing across the roof. Their very first step, the gargoyle took as confirmation to commence the battle, and it jumped straight up. The wings held it aloft in an ungraceful flight, bringing the monster closer and closer.

The two fighters watched it carefully, on guard for the opening strike. Which will it be? The halberd? The tail-axe?

Halberd.

Held in a two-handed grip, the weapon rose high. Tick, tick, tick, the wind-up comprised three separate snappy movements instead of one fluid action, belying the artificial nature of their opponent.

Abruptly, the wings stopped beating. Whatever magic that allowed stone to fly cut out, and gravity reasserted itself. The gargoyle dropped out of the sky.

"Solaire!"

The knight was already diving to safety; the halberd missed him with room to spare. Though not caught in the attack, Jaune took a knee for the sake of stability, bracing for the gargoyle's landing. The subsequent impact shook the area.

Once the shocks subsided, Jaune kicked off to rush the gargoyle, ending up next to a leg, where he whacked it behind the knee with Crocea Mors. The attack tore away fragments of stone, not even a handful's worth, but was sufficient for the thing to change targets.

The construct had an aggro mechanic. Good to know.

Polearms fared poorly at close range, and Jaune pressed that advantage by hacking at the same spot a few more times while keeping an eye on how the gargoyle would respond. If this thing was designed for combat, then its maker would understand this exact situation, and prepare accordingly.

An orange flicker emanating from its throat was his warning, and Jaune realized he had underestimated the creator of this thing. He backpedaled as fast as could to avoid the blast of fire that struck where he previously stood and flowed over the roof to chase after him. Licked by the flames, his Aura flared, fighting to keep him safe.

The sensation of burning alive remained, though.

"Ah! AH! Ahhhh!" Jaune scrambled to escape, screaming.

A lance of lightning saved him from the torment. The bolt slammed into the chest of the gargoyle, gouging out a chunk the size of a person's head and driving the construct back a step. Solaire then entered its range, and unleashed an onslaught of blows.

Tick, tick, tick, that same jerky windup. Rather than employing the firebreath, the gargoyle opted for for a horizontal swing. Wildly telegraphed, the attack missed the knight as he ducked under the slash.

It wasn't the end. The halberd swung the other way. Solaire blocked the strike, and scraped two long furrows in the roof in his attempt to resist the monstrous strength of the gargoyle. It placed him perilously close to the edge, and with nowhere to go as the tail-axe whipped around.

Hurting still, Jaune rejoined the battle. [Third Arm] plucked Solaire from the path of the attack, and set the two of them side by side, in position to charge the construct during its recovery. Solaire went low for the knee, Jaune went high for the arm.

A two-man team seemed to confound the gargoyle. It would fixate on one person, and ignore the other. Then, when the second man dealt a certain level of damage, it switched focus to him. The predictability allowed them to chip pieces from the gargoyle, the debris bouncing and rolling along the slate tiles in a steady stream.

There was some kind of intelligence within the stone head, however. Two cycles of that routine, and the gargoyle changed tactics, spewing another torrent of flame that had Jaune and Solaire beating a hasty retreat, running in different directions.

"This is working," Jaune said when they met up again. "It's following patterns, and we can lead it to react to what we do instead of taking initiatives."

Solaire nodded in understanding. "And thus we shall always enjoy the advantage. My, my. I must remember this trick for similar foes." He pointed. "How would we answer this maneuver?"

The gargoyle was flying, preparing to dive-bomb the pair.

"Ehhhh. Run?"

"Ah. A classic."

For the third time, a stone meteor struck the cathedral roof, and Jaune thought it a miracle the entire thing had not collapsed yet. There were definitely craters forming, places that had been stressed to the critical point. The hypothetical consequence of falling from this height spurred Jaune on to fight harder in the hope of ending this fast. As tough as the gargoyle might be, gravity was an enemy for whom he had no good answer.

Their first breakthrough arrived with Jaune and Solaire literally breaking through one of the gargoyle's arms, a lightning spear shearing off the last bit of stone connecting the elbow to the bicep. It left the construct with one-handed attacks reduced in power that Jaune and Solaire could block on a consistent basis, which let them press the offensive; the thunderbolts drew the greatest effect, removing chunks at a time.

It was slow going, but it was going. They were finding their rhythm.

Jaune changed his mind when the tail-axe slapped him against the ground, then smacked him once more for good measure. Owwww.

As he staggered upright, Jaune spotted a figure skirting the periphery of the battle, on course for the belltower and utterly silent under the effect of the Slumbering Dragoncrest Ring he gave her. He hesitated on whether to be worried or pleased.

The idea was not difficult to comprehend, and simple in execution. Tattletale wanted to ring the bell before getting out of here, no battle needed and worthiness be damned, and she had seized the chance while the gargoyle was distracted. He could get behind a plan that spared him from burning alive—experiencing that once was enough—except he would rather it was him taking the risk; they were standing in the thick of battle, where a Thinker did not belong.

Those feelings grew to outright panic as a shadow fell over her.

Tattletale had a split second to realize what would happen. She looked up to a snarling visage carved of stone. The second gargoyle performed a flip to lash its tail in an underswing, the full brunt of the massive axehead smashing into her dead on, blasting her away with the force of a cannonshot.

She came down on the ridge. Bounced off, flying in an arc. Struck tiles; they shattered apart. Rocketed by the battle of Jaune, Solaire, and the first gargoyle; Jaune could not catch her, his fingers grasping empty air. With a sickening crunch, Tattletale crashed against the wall, just next to the doorway they crossed to get here. The impact kicked up a cloud of dust and debris.

Terror. Fright. His mind, a mess. It has happened again. He had failed the person by his side again.

He started to go towards her. Solaire was fighting solo, the thought made Jaune spin around to the battle. Tattletale needed help, his hand plunged into his pocket, fumbling for a scroll. Movement at the corner of his eye, he turned to the second gargoyle bounding closer and closer. What was the right course to take?

Solaire's voice cut through the webs of confusion which clouded his thoughts.

"My friend, get a hold of yourself! Does not ephemeral Aura protect her? Your companion may yet live, but these creatures would surely harm her lest we defeat them! Fight on!"

Right. That's right. She has Aura. U-Unless she had switched on her power-nullifying choker at the time. She couldn't have, could she?

…No, Tattletale preferred to have her superpower at hand in the field, and definitely would during an ongoing battle. Her Aura was activated. She'd be okay as long as it held.

The gargoyle making a beeline for her could change that.

Jaune raced to intercept the monster, skidding to a stop between it and Tattletale. Unable to help a glance, he turned to look behind him for a hint of her situation.

Within the obscuring cloud, there flickered an apple-green light. Jaune breathed a sigh of relief.

Emboldened, he refocused on the galloping gargoyle. [Third Arm] brought him in close to keep the fight at a distance from Tattletale. Once there, a quick combo of slashes triggered whatever protocol or enchantment that commanded the monster's targeting priority, forcing it to change its aim from her to him.

The second gargoyle was smaller than the first, but not by much. The same hard skin, the same firebreath, it matched the other to a tee and Jaune quickly found himself on the back foot.

After removing a few small chips off of a joint, he ducked to avoid a swipe of the halberd going from right to left, then jumped over one that traveled left to right. He fell back, flat on the roof, to escape another. The halberd went up, up, up and dropped like a guillotine, cracking the spot he occupied a moment earlier.

Changing tack, Jaune rolled between its legs, putting him in a position to attack the tail. Remove that, and he'd take out an essential part of the gargoyle's arsenal.

It jumped high, and stomped down, nearly squashing Jaune in the attempt. He darted out of its range to catch a break.

"This is not going well, is it?" he muttered under his breath.

Two on one, Jaune and Solaire enjoyed the advantage. One on one, victory hung by a thread. The knight, too, was currently facing troubles. His lightning spears had ceased flying at its previous pace, opportunities now chosen with care.

The person that built these gargoyles was a sly one. Resistant to blades, capable of flight, spitting fire as if it was going out of style when you get too close, the creature served as a perfect counter to a warrior, the likes of Solaire and him. Facing them in a fair duel was a losing proposition from the very start.

So, don't fight them straight.

As Jaune ducked and weaved, his mind ran a mile a minute, wrapping itself around that concept. They were constructs. Programs. Robots. Despite the level of sophistication, they won't truly behave like people would. Can he exploit that?

An idea sparked behind his eyes.

Up until now, he had kept his battle apart from Solaire's. It seemed obvious, since one murderous stone statue was already one too many. Nobody wanted to deal with two at the same time.

They had assumed the gargoyles could work together. There was no proof of that yet.

Jaune began retreating, guiding the second gargoyle towards its kin. No, not kin. The copy. They weren't family or friends or what have you, just another unit that had been stationed at this location.

"Solaire, I'm crashing the party."

"I…do not understand. What are you doing?"

Oh. They must not use that expression here.

"Player two is dropping in."

"I am so very confused."

"...Anyway, I'm here. That was my point. Please take care where you throw lightning, because I'm trying something."

So saying, he commenced his plan. A shadowy arm latched onto the first gargoyle's face. Jaune was there a moment later, grabbing hold on the ears.

The construct responded without hesitation, shaking this way and that to get rid of him. The wings opened, about to take flight.

Before it could, Jaune swung off the neck, dodging the tail-axe of the second gargoyle by inches as it slammed into the stone-carved face of its ally. An entire side of the facade crumbled to powder under the devastating blow.

He extended a supernatural hand, and repeated the ploy, climbing all over the second gargoyle. A halberd came whistling through the air, pulverizing a shoulder.

Their architect had not, or was unable to, imprint teamwork onto the design of the gargoyle. They fought in one arena, but they did not fight together.

Strategy established, Jaune pinballed between the two monsters, jumping when he could and utilizing [Third Arm] otherwise. The gargoyles continued their inadvertent fight, slapping back and forth. Swathes of the roof would light up in an inferno as they breathed flames at each other.

A particularly daring (and slightly accidental) decision to hang on while the gargoyles took flight resulted in a midair collision. One of them lost a leg in that exchange, and became easy picking for Solaire to drive a blast of lightning down its mouth, rendering the fire attack mechanism null. Wracked by fractures and cracks, it dragged its body across the ground to chase after Jaune. Then, it struggled to grab him as he tapdanced on its head. The unfortunate thing met an end when the blade of a halberd cleaved its neck in two.

Jaune reappeared atop the gargoyle still standing, stomping on the head to taunt it. After a couple of duds, either a useless swipe of the tail or a stream of flame, the construct performed the action he desired, flapping its wings to carry him skyward. Hooking a leg around the neck, he chopped at the base of a wing with his sword, sawing bit by bit. Below, Solaire waited, his finest bolt of lightning yet at the ready.

The sudden listing to one side by the gargoyle was the signal for him to let loose the shot. Above, Jaune let go of his grip, rolling down the stone back and catching the tail. Crackling energy passed over his head to shatter the weakened spot on the wing, severing the limb. The gargoyle dropped out of the air with Jaune trailing behind.

As before, the slate tiles broke beneath the impact. This time, the roof went with it. The gargoyle tore a massive hole in the cathedral as it fell through. Not wishing to accompany the thing to their deaths, Jaune released the tail. An application of [Third Arm] pulled him to safety.

He hit the roof running, paying little attention to the almighty crash far below. Vaulting over the other slain gargoyle, he slid the last few yards to end up at Tattletale's side.

"Tattletale, are you alright!?"

Her Aura was up, pulsing in that manner telling of a near broken state, with weak beats and a dull glow. Near broken, but still there. The attack had not depleted it in the entirety.

Yet, something was awry. Unresponsive to his question, she had curled into herself, and was crying. Frantically, Jaune searched her over for an injury, finding nothing at all. Aura had done its work to turn aside what would have been catastrophic damage. Why then, did she cry?

"Tattletale, tell me what's wrong!" The scroll was out in an instant, the medical page loaded. Blood Replenishing Potions, stimpaks, he added both to the cart. "Is it internal? Hang on, I'll find something!"

Finally, Tattletale responded, managing to shake her head in refusal. Jaune did not understand the insistence when tears were still streaming down her face, and she struggled to form words.

"I-It…"

He leaned closer to catch what she was trying to say.

"...h-hurts!"

Relief warred with concern. He had discovered the answer. Aura had saved her, but…people with Aura still feel pain.

That was something he got used to during Beacon. Months, it took him to adjust. Tattletale possessed her Aura for a week, and did not experience combat training on a daily basis the way a Huntsman-in-Training would. Her pain tolerance measured at the level of a civilian.

Worse, even, because people from Earth Bet were fragile in a way that people from Remnant were not. He had seen it firsthand during the battle against Leviathan. They bleed easily, they break easily, sometimes losing their lives to incidental blows that—to his estimation—bore just enough force to incapacitate instead of kill.

"I'll find a pain reliever."

She shook her head.

"Take a stimpak, at least."

Again, Tattletale denied the offer. Pain was temporary, and she'd weather it to save them on Points.

Jaune knelt there, feeling useless, unable to do a thing to help. Frustrated, he sought to understand.

"What made you run out there, Tattletale? If you had told me the plan, I could have handled things from then on. Why did you do it?"

Between sobs, she answered, "I'm c-c-carrying my weight!"

Because she had not contributed much. Because in this world, she had stumbled again and again, being nothing but a burden. Because she was afraid he'd leave her behind. It was what her old team would have done in similar circumstances; in a heartbeat, without hesitation. Her fears and worries, they spilled out in a stuttering rush, the girl all but demanding that he just render judgment on her fate and be done with it.

He tried to soothe her panic. "C'mon, you have your strengths, and I have mine. We carry each other past obstacles that would defeat each of us alone. That's what it means to be a team."

"That's bullshit! You think I don't know how people see me? Everyone thinks I'm an irritant. That bitch who gets the group in trouble with her mouth. If I have nothing to contribute…If I can't…"

Jaune tapped her on the nose. Tattletale went cross-eyed to look at his finger, then flicked her gaze up to look at him. The suddenness of it had interrupted her runaway distress.

Sitting down on the roof, Jaune collected his thoughts. The things she said…well, they sort of made sense, and sort of didn't. He can imagine a society that lived as she described. It probably would not be a place he wished to call home.

"I think…I think that there's a disconnect between our universes, Tattletale. My dad taught me this growing up on the frontier—" He cleared his throat, mimicking the tone his father liked to use when he imparted advice; it always seemed to match better to the words than Jaune's own voice. "On Remnant, it's us against the world, and to be alone is to die. So, we stick together. We don't abandon one another."

It was as simple as that. Most people that he met got it.

Life could never be called peaceful, whether that was outside or inside the settlement walls. Crime exists, and jealousy abounds. Still, there's a line. A limit.

A person can be disagreeable, mean, or an outright thief. But were the Grimm to beset the settlement, they manned those barricades if they could and fought alongside everyone else. And if they saw somebody lying injured on the way to the shelters, then they had better pick that person up and run with them on their shoulders, the risks to themselves be damned.

It's why the likes of the White Fang and Torchwick were unforgivable to so many. Acting as bad as bandits, they lurked outside the city walls, and tried to tear it down for the Grimm to take.

"Even when you don't get along, or even hate someone, making the choice to turn your back on your people is what makes you the enemy, nothing more than Grimm." Other. Them. Monsters to be slain. "Never do that. And if you make a friend, treasure them."

Upon ceasing to channel the older man, the energy and confidence that bolstered his words tapered off, and Jaune slouched in his seat. He averted his eyes and rubbed his head, embarrassed at the way Tattletale was looking at him. She refused to say a peep, so he filled the silence by rambling on.

"Well, ideally. The line seems so blurry at times. Everybody's out for themselves, me included. It…It wasn't like that in the stories my father told me, of himself and my grandfather and great-grandfather. They were different. They saved everyone in need of help, and they never fail their companions. Bona fide heroes, that's my family. I wanted to be like them."

A better man.

The apple fell far from the tree, a traitorous part of his mind whispered.

Silence passed for a time. Until, at last, Tattletale spoke, her voice a murmur.

"You're so dumb. The world isn't that nice."

He shrugged. "Alright, sure, you might think it idiotic of me. Still, I'm not leaving you behind. That's fine, right?"

"…Do whatever you want."

And so, he did, staying by her side until she was well again. Maybe his parents would have been proud of that, if they knew.

"I bet your dad sanitized those stories before he told it to a kid…probably fluffed himself up to look good, too. You were lied to. They're no better than you are."

Annoyed, he pinched her cheek. "You really are not cute at all."

On Tattletale's face, a little smile bloomed.

"Bite me."

-o-​

"You're so slow!"

"My apologies. Take heed, a ladder is no place for a suit of armor. Hah hah hah!"

"Whatever. Just hurry up, my arms are getting tired. If I slip and fall to my death, I swear I'll haunt you."

"Eh. No worries about that. I can probably catch you."

"Is that why your eyes are locked on my ass, Jaune? For my safety?"

"Pft. What? They're not!" They were. "Don't go making baseless accusations!"

"Oh~, is that so?" She wiggled her hips. "Guess you didn't see that then."

Below her, Jaune choked on his spit. Tattletale cackled the rest of the way up the ladder. The cocky attitude stayed with her even after they exited to the top of the tower.

All that was quickly forgotten, as they beheld their prize. A massive thing, taller than a man, the bronze bell appeared simple and worn down with age. Yet…

Clang. Clang. Clang.

A pull of the adjacent lever, and it chimed with the clearest notes to reach the corners of Lordran. The peals resonated with the sound of the bell below the earth, forming a melody.

And the city awoke.

Signal fires lit up along the walls and castles. Sorceries and fireballs rocketed into the sky, exploding as though in celebration. From every throat—Undead or Hollow, man or beast—shouted a great cry. The twin Bells of Awakening have at last been rung. They resided in a time of legend.

Nearby the Undead Parish, the gates of a fortress slowly rose up, opening the path to Anor Londo.

The first inside was an odd warrior dressed in armor that resembled an onion. Then followed a comically large wizard hat, its owner slinging spells at a group of pursuing Hollows. A dark suit of iron armor came clanking after them.

From their vantage point, the party watched as throughout the city old monsters roused from their sleep, serpents and golems and things Jaune had no words for. Between the gaps in the buildings, he would spy flashes of scales and claws, bloody cleavers and eldritch fire. Hollows poured out of dark, hidden corners to stalk the streets.

Those who had traveled to Lordran set upon these creatures with steel, and fire, and sorcery. Squads of soldiers engaged a giant rat. A priest traveled a graveyard, casting the skeletons that arose from their coffins back to eternal rest. A samurai charged a horned ogre alone.

Often, the battle ended contrary to their favor, heroes and scoundrels falling victim to deadly monsters, misfortune, betrayals, and any number of other calamities. They won't stay dead for long, Solaire has taught Jaune and Tattletale that.

To the pair from another universe, this scene…

"It's awful," Tattletale muttered.

It's so like home, Jaune thought.

The sight was too familiar, a mirror to Remnant in how the stories went. Again and again, the monsters were battering at the gates. Again and again, the defenders rose to the occasion. And now, standing on the outside looking in, he saw how twisted it was.

"Is this what life is like? Fight. Kill. Die. Repeat..."

He wondered if these were the natural beats of the universe, that more often than not they will see it in some form. Conflict without end, or purpose. Just simple survival against a hostile world that wanted them dead, and on some days appear to spiral on an ever downward turn to a darker age.

"I will not lie. It may often seem a hopeless endeavor." Solaire swept his hand, the gesture encompassing a drake draped over a bridge, a treasure chest lying upturned in the middle of a city street, a boar smashed into a broken portcullis, a hole in a roof. "The little victories help. The good company helps. And…look up, my friends."

Above them stretched an endless sky, bathing the land in a golden light, warm and kind.

"The world is bleak, yet the sun still shines. Every morning, it rises. What beauty! What wondrous radiance! I am here to seek my very own sun. Will I? Who can say. But a sight like this, is it not worth getting up for? Just one more time? I would chase it forever, if I could! And were I to find my dear sun around the next corner, why, I shall be the happiest man in the world!"

Let others laugh. Let them scoff. They see a fool, questing for something he may never find. Yet, Jaune got the sense that Solaire had struck upon the key to it all, and would be able to go further than any Undead.

So long as Solaire knew hope, he would never turn Hollow, turn empty.

Caught in a trance, the knight took a step forward, hands grasping as though to take the sun and pull it into his embrace, and treasure forevermore.

Then, his arms extended up on either side, as far as they can go, like he himself had become the sun and his hands the rays of sunshine spreading outward to the horizon.

Solaire paused in the motion as Jaune strolled over next to him.

"Mind if I…"

"Hah hah hah! Of course you can!"

Jaune set his feet together, and pushed onto tiptoes. He made to raise his hands in imitation of Solaire. Because, to Jaune, he was someone worth imitating.

A moment's thought had him turning his head, sending a glance to Tattletale behind him. He hopped one spot to the right, and beckoned in invitation.

"No," she rejected the offer. "I don't care about the sun."

"It's not about the thing itself. We both have something we want, don't we? Come on over here."

She huffed, and scoffed, and sneered. She walked to stand by his side, refusing to meet his eyes.

"Wonderful! Simply wonderful!" Solaire cried out. "Now, do as I do. Praise the sun!"

"We did it! We rang a bell!"

"What the fuck is even my life!"

Atop a belltower, as the light of day shone upon the world so grossly incandescent, three people stretched their arms to the sky, and praised the sun.

-o-

Universe: Dark Souls. Location: Undead Burg. Event: Bells of Awakening.
Loot: Crocea Mors +5, drake sword, channeler trident, Slumbering Dragoncrest Ring…​


"Wait, is this all that we're going to bring back?"

"Not the best haul, is it?"

"Yeah. What a shame."

"Hm. Allow me to render you aid in some small manner. Take these scrolls, and this talisman of my own make. Then, with but a spark of faith, perhaps you too will throw lightning."


...Great Heal scroll, Lightning Spear scroll, Sunlight Talisman.​


"Or, we could sell them. Just saying."

"That you can, hah hah hah! Farewell, my friends. And may we find many more chances to engage in jolly cooperation!"

Author's Notes: Praise the sun!

Solaire's quest can take him straight to hell, or carry him all the way to the First Flame. Thing is, his fate depends on our efforts, just as our own journey in Dark Souls so often relied on him. He helps us with the boss fights, we save his life in turn, and after it all he would stand with us at the final battle. What a bro.
.

If Tattletale cannot prove she is useful, what stops Jaune from cutting her out of the share of Points, or kick her out altogether? Her previous teammates would certainly do it. Her boss and parents, too. For Lisa Wilbourn, life was supposed to be transactional.
.

Tattletale—Oh, I get it! You're saying the sun is a metaphor, for—
Jaune— *daydreaming about a sunny blonde* Yeeeah, a metaphor. That's totally what I meant.
Last edited: Apr 2, 2025
Stories:
QQ Sneaking His Way into the Multiverse , a RWBY Jaune, WC-lite mechanics story.
Other RWBY stories on AO3 or FF - Yakuza Arc | Conquered Menagerie: Annals of the Sixth Kingdom | Cat, Bunny, and the Good Ship Honey Starbright | The Agent
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:RSR2000, Amdiranifani, IceWind74 and 902 others
LazyAutumnMoon
Nov 16, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 18: A Vicious Streak a Mile Wide
View content
LazyAutumnMoon
LazyAutumnMoon
We all need Sundancer in our life.
JoinedJun 7, 2024
Messages289
Likes received68,284
Nov 29, 2024
Add bookmark
#395
Atop the windowsill of the apartment where Jaune and Lisa currently resided, there now sat a little cloth talisman propped up against a coffee mug.

Crude of make, yet filled with adoration, the effigy somewhat resembled its creator, dyed in the colors of white, red, and gold. Set to face the direction from which the sun rises, one would swear that it shone with a faint glimmer in the early morning light.

(This was, of course, its highest and best use. As a piece of decor.)

The Company scroll, too, did sparkle under the sun as Jaune held it aloft in victory. On the screen was displayed a most beautiful message, 'Item(s) Sold', along with a Points balance. A positive Points balance.

Hark. Take heed. Listen up, world, and tremble, for Jaune Arc has gotten himself out of debt.

"Soooo…" began Lisa, neither harkening nor heeding.

"Hang on, let me enjoy the moment."

"..."

"..."

"..."

"This might go on for a while," he cautioned her.

His adventure in Lordran turned out pretty great, all told. It had its ups, it had its down, and in the end the results warranted celebration.

First off, nobody died—well, besides Solaire, but he got better. Meanwhile, the drake sword had put him back in the black, with the channeler trident adding a surplus.

Sure, it may just mean he was occupying a spot a shade better than prior financial-wise, with bankruptcy two steps away instead of one, and he still could afford very little of note for the time being (and definitely no rocket boots). Those were secondary concerns to the fact that he had done what he set out to do. Taken, traded, and earned. He deserved this.

The gloating took another six minutes, thereabout. Long enough that when Jaune left the window and returned to his seat at the dining table, Lisa had had time to drain her coffee mug, and to steal his, too.

…He should take offense at the blatant act of theft, but really, he was more worried about her, because while he loved his caffeine same as many, two cups first thing in the morning sounded a tad unhealthy. From the way she lapped up the drink, plus the fleeting glances she sent towards the coffee pot, Lisa sneered at such weak-minded views and had every intention to go for a third cup.

Note to self, check the Marketplace for addiction cures.

He coughed to get her attention. "Hey, I'm ready. What were you going to talk about?"

And what was there to talk about? The next location? Or maybe another futile discussion on their training regime, wherein Lisa begs for fewer push-ups?

"Oh, it's nothing big!" said Lisa with a bright smile. She set aside the sheaf of notes she was reviewing and (much more reluctantly) let go of the coffee mug, putting her hands in her lap. Then, seeming to change her mind, she placed both hands on the table, clasped together. "I just thought I'd ask how you're coming along with the scrolls."

Immediately, Jaune groaned. One hand came up to rub his temple.

"Why did you have to remind me of that?" His suffering got a giggle from her. Because of course it did.

"Weeeell, you were the one who yesterday said we should keep and study them. Ready to quit yet? You could sell them for a mint."

A dirty look was his answer to her. "You might have thrown in the towel, but I'll figure this out. Watch me."

"If you say so~" She singsonged.

"I do!"

Except, half a night of trying to make heads or tails of the two scrolls given by Solaire said otherwise.

Lightning Spear and Great Heal. Offense and recovery. The Knight of Sunlight bestowed upon them quite a gift, and Jaune had been looking forward to wielding such deep, arcane wisdoms as tossing electricity from his hands and skipping a medical degree, right up until he discovered that the documents read more like two sheets of hymns than the instruction manuals he expected. As far as he could tell, from a combination of the item descriptions in the Company scroll and Lisa reasoning it out, the process involved a person internalizing the flowery chants written on the pages to the point that they can recite them from memory. It's a rather daunting task for someone like him whose preferences ran to the comic book side in terms of literature.

Too daunting, perhaps.

"...You sure you don't want to give it another shot, Lisa?"

She scoffed. "Don't look at me, you're the one who's apparently holding conversations with a dark god."

Jaune groaned again, because therein laid the real kicker to this whole affair. Solaire's brand of sorcery was not considered sorcery. No, they were miracles, deriving power from faith just as the knight told them. And faith came easy for a man who adored the sun, in addition to worshiping the Lord of Sunlight.

Less so, for Jaune. He knew for a fact that higher beings were out there. One of them sublet from him. He also has obtained firsthand experience that the Outsider was kind of a jerk, and the idea of singing earnest praises to the black-eyed man evoked nothing but the sense that he needed a cleansing shower for thinking it.

"It would not work anyway."​

"Did you say something?"

"Uhhhh, no, I was being quiet. Surprising, I know."

"Guess it was my imagination. In any case, I want to keep trying with these spells. One's devastating as an attack, the other could save our lives. They're too useful to throw out so soon."

Propping her chin on a hand, Lisa gave a noncommittal hum. "It all still sounds like hocus-pocus to me." She rolled her eyes, and cut Jaune off before he could speak. "Yeah, yeah, magic exists. I get it. You understand how annoying the requirements are, though, right? There's either, one, finding a person who already has it to unlock it for you. Two, meeting an extradimensional entity that supposedly found you interesting." Her tone betrayed a great measure of doubt that anybody would think him in particular to be fascinating. Jaune stuck out his tongue at her in response and, cheekily, she did the same back to him. "Or three, you have to become a monk. Contrast that with tinkertech, which needs what to activate, again? A click of a button.''

"Unless we chance on the correct worlds, tinkertech costs Points," Jaune reminded her.

The chair legs screeched against the floor, as Lisa abruptly shifted in her seat to lean closer. "Hey, about that. Since you brought it up, I was thinking, we have a bit of scratch in the bank now so it might be good to, ya know, decide how to handle those Points."

Was it him, or was that shift in topic a tad sudden? Thrown for a loop, Jaune flip-flopped between his previous train of thought and this new matter, and settled on, "You wanted to save up, you told me."

"No, no, we're not spending it, that wasn't what I meant," Lisa was quick to agree. Jaune glanced down to see one of her fingers rapidly tapping on the table surface. "I'm just saying that back in the Undersiders, my old team, we normally use the time right after we get paid to divvy it among the group. It's standard procedure, that's all."

Oh.

Oh!

Jaune smacked his forehead. "I completely forgot! Sorry, let me—"

The Company scroll lacked a feature to split the Points amount, so he snagged a spare piece of paper from Lisa's notes along with a pencil—Dunwall's fountain pens tended to leave messy splotches. His name went on one side, Tattletale's on the opposite. Below each, he wrote their respective share of the current balance. 250 Points for him, 250 Points for her.

"And there we are." He turned the paper for Lisa to see.

A smile flitted across her face, vanishing as soon as it arrived. The tension she had tightly held inside up until this point became apparent in its release, with Lisa sagging against the backrest of her chair.

As her mood rose, so did Jaune's sink like a stone.

How honest, her reaction. It revealed the cheery mien she plastered on earlier to be but a facade. She had been wary of him the whole time. That he would cheat her, and renege on their deal.

Was he so untrustworthy? After everything thus far? A wince almost slipped out before Jaune schooled his expression to a mask of friendliness, relying on Lisa's inability to read past [Blank] to hide the pang of hurt that surfaced at the notion she believed him a person who would act in bad faith.

It worked, and in her giddiness, Lisa missed the bout of turmoil altogether. The oblivious girl was preoccupied with the two simple figures on the page, spending far longer than necessary studying them to her satisfaction. Then, with a nod, she sprang from her seat to tug the pencil from his grip, and pulled the piece of paper closer to her side of the table.

"What are you doing?" He leaned forward for a better look. "Is my math wrong?"

"Don't worry, I'm just making a few teeny tiny changes~"

She started with crossing out the numbers he wrote, and scribbling down new ones beneath those. 100 Points for him, 100 Points for her. Lisa then added a new column in the middle of their names…

Jaune snapped his head up, meeting green eyes. The sour mood faded to the back of his mind, and he couldn't quite help a grin, though it failed to match that foxlike smirk of hers.

300 Points. Marked down under 'Joint Funds'.

"Weren't we doing a fifty-fifty split?" he asked.

"Tsk tsk tsk." Lisa wagged her finger. "That's too short-sighted a way of looking at it, Jaune. When working together, we have to prioritize the long-term success of the group." She used the pencil to tap on his name. "The balance on your side is your private share. You can spend it however you like, no questions asked."

"And the middle number—"

"Will serve as our operating budget and go towards mutual expenses, or purchases that improve the odds for our little venture. It blurs the line of yours and mine, but lets us get a bit of flexibility. So, what do you think of my setup?"

From her carefree tone, she already guessed his response. It required no great leap of logic, not when he was nearly bouncing out of his seat—with a good possibility of then breaking into song and dance.

What a beautiful notion, this elegant solution. Trust in return for trust, and thus the two of them will both claw a path to the top.

"I like it. You've got a brilliant idea here, Lisa!"

We can actually make it work, Jaune thought. This could be a real team.

The girl made a show of buffing her nails, thoroughly smug. "Mmhm, I know. Feel free to keep saying it as much as you want. Although…" She glanced back at him. "These are some awfully skimpy numbers. How about we make them go higher?"

"Time for another trip? It sounds as though you have a destination in mind."

"I might have taken a peek at the list. Ummm." She fidgeted, growing shy. "My power might turn out kind of limited there. You really don't mind that, right?"

"I never would," he assured her with a laugh.

She brightened. "Good! Because this is one that's right up your alley, Mister Monster Slayer. We'll head out tomorrow morning."


-o-​


In a fetid cave filled with the bones of men, beasts, and other unnamed things, a supervillainess clutched at her hair, and hyperventilated.

"We messed up. We messed up bad. Let's get outta here!"

Next to her, the monsterslaying(-in-training) half of the duo paid token notice to her fit of panic, deeming it overblown. More interested in reading the writing on the wall, he was thinking of strolling down that way for a better look.

Idly, he retorted, "What's this we business? You're the one who chose the place."

"Excuse you, it was a group decision," Tattletale insisted. "Why aren't you freaking out?"

"No reason to."

"No reason—" She stared at him with wide eyes, and spread her arms to indicate the bone-strewn area.

Okay, yes, the human skeletons picked clean of flesh did worry Jaune, but these hapless souls in all likelihood lacked that wonderful protection called Aura enjoyed by him and Tattletale. What to the locals seemed an insurmountable foe, could well rate as a bump in the road for the pair. If it had to eat, and their surroundings suggested it did, then chances were good it was not a ghost or some other eldritch beings, meaning his sword can kill it dead. In short, the threat level remained inconclusive.

They need not panic yet. Give it five minutes.

"Look at the bones." Jaune gestured at their feet, and sighed as Tattletale skittered away from said remains. "Not the point I was trying to make. Anyway, they're intact so rather than, say, a drake—"

"Whatever it was that ate them can't be very big, because something drake-sized would have crunched the skeletons into pieces. Yeah, I caught that. It's still deadly, don't be dumb."

Funny, that she would claim to have already arrived at the conclusion on her own right after he directed her to the relevant details. The suspicious mind might call her out as being full of it, and Jaune considered doing that just for the possibility of seeing her puff up like an angry cat, though he soon decided against voicing it aloud. He gave better odds of the broken moon putting itself back together before Tattletale admitted that he beat her out on noticing a clue.

"It may be dangerous, but so are we." He tugged at her wrist to get her away from the portal. "Come on, Tattletale. We can't quit on a first impression, it sucks being trapped in the apartment for two days."

"Nnnngh." Tattletale displayed a difficult face, but ultimately she stomped her foot and relented. "Fine! You better not let me die."

"Of course not. Stay behind my shield, and the monster would have to kill me first before it reaches you."

"Also, no training session after we're done here. The moment we come back, I can crash for the rest of the day."

He allowed her that one as a small win, confident in the knowledge that nobody escapes the Nikos's Endless Training Hell (patent pending) for long. The missed exercises would just get tacked onto the next day's session to double the suffering.

"A-And we'll take the rest of the week to recover."

Greedy one, wasn't she?

Jaune and Tattletale kept a careful eye on their surroundings as they moved deeper into the cave. The portal had deposited them straight into the lair of the beast, a situation that spelled great risk for them…and perhaps great reward in turn. After all, the stories always say that a monster would have a hoard lying about in their hideout. Jaune's regular scroll swept every corner with its flashlight, searching for a hint of teeth and claws, or riches and items of worth.

By the time they approached the innermost part of the cave, Jaune had revised his stance on folklore. The stories knew jack all on the behavior of real flesh-and-blood monsters. The best they've found were a few coins and flimsy weapons belonging to the scattered victims. Besides that, the lair held only bones, and a message on its wall.

The letters were carved into the very rocks themselves, and Jaune traced a hand over them as he read along. The lines were simple enough. No words of wisdom, they. It seemed to speak of a treasure—heartening news for sure—yet there was a problem to cause him great confusion.

"What I don't understand is this bit. Take a look, Tattletale." He crouched down, and rapped his knuckles under the part he meant. Unlike the rest of the message, it bore a sloppy and uneven script, as if the engraver was in a hurry. "The Castle of…aaaargh?"

"Holy shit."

"No, it says 'Holy Grail'. See?" His hand slid to the relevant section, and tapped each letter on the word. "But that's not my point. Over here—"

"Shut up, I didn't mean—this is talking about—" Tattletale waved her arms wildly. "It's the Holy Grail!"

"That's what I said."

Hm. All that screaming into her hands cannot be healthy.

Once her frustration subsided, Tattletale explained, "The Holy Grail is an artifact from Arthurian legend. It's supposed to be capable of feats like healing fatal wounds or granting eternal youth."

Jaune's jaw dropped. "Holy shit."

"I know!" squealed a vindicated Tattletale. "The kicker? It's mythical. As in, nobody is sure if it even exists. Except according to what's written in front of us, we're in a universe where the legend is real, and I'll just bet that the thing isn't even a simple chalice, but would actually contain the magical properties ascribed to it!"

Astounding. Incredible. This could change everything. He was raring to embark on a quest for the Holy Grail, pronto.

"This is perfect! And we have directions leading straight to its location, in the Castle of…" Jaune trailed off, burgeoning enthusiasm cut short.

Tattletale scratched her cheek, as lost as he. "Right. Yeah. Now what the heck does 'aaaargh' mean?"

She shuffled over to the wall, crouching down next to him to study the end of the text. Her eyes roamed across the rough cave surface, and the minute hints bloomed into a mental rendition of the scene as played out however long ago when the lines were carved by its creator.

At least, that's the way Jaune imagined her detective power working in these types of cases. During the short time they've known each other, her elaborations of the exact mechanics tended to devolve into shameless boasts on it making her super amazingly smart and perceptive, even beyond her normal amazingly smart and perceptive self—her own words—with offers to demonstrate it right that second by ripping out his deepest, darkest secrets if he would pretty please dial [Blank] down. All while sporting an innocent smile and an eager puppy expression on her face at the chance to show off. Needless to say, he had stopped probing for answers.

"The carver was well-educated, and he dabbled in artistic pursuits. Left-handed. 'Holy Grail' is cut deeper in the rocks because he wanted to ensure that it lasts, and the rest of the message was secondary to that. These old traces of blood on the ground below, they're concentrated near the last word and smudged on top of it. He was dying when he did this part. That change to a rough scrawl was due to terror. The abrupt end, something got him—"

Jaune cut in, "So, what, the guy was attacked and he literally wrote down his dying scream? The more I think about it, the more certain I am that this whole deal is a prank."

"I, ah, um…"

Frantically, Tattletale scanned the area for a different interpretation, finding nothing but a need for one of Piero's Remedy to soothe the resulting headache. She remained adamant, though, perhaps in reluctance to give up on the existence of the Holy Grail, and—between gulps of the medicine—demanded they stay in the cave until she figured out the truth.

"It has to be real," she insisted. "Look around, I wouldn't exactly call it a comedy night mood. The place's full of dead people."

"Our prankster has a grave sense of humor?"

She leveled at him a deadpan stare.

"Sorry," Jaune said, contrite. "This is how I cope with standing in a pile of skeletons. Seriously, though. I don't think spending any more effort on it will do us any good."

Tattletale stuck out her lips in a pout. "But my Grail."

"You mean our Grail, right? Right?"

Her eyes flicked to the side, avoiding him. "Sure, whatever."

This greedy little—

Sighing, Jaune turned on his heels. "Let's just get out of here."

"Hang on! Give me ten minutes—no, five! I can solve it in five!"

She did not solve the mystery of Castle Aaaargh in five or, indeed, ten minutes and Tattletale sulked for the entire trip to the cave mouth.

Along the route, they kept alert, poking and prodding the dim corners for treasure. Unfortunately, the pair met only bones and more bones; the scenery had a theme and was sticking with it. Near the entrance, Jaune peeked over the rocks to the outside, confirming a bleak and barren landscape strewn with, yup, bones.

Turning to Tattletale hiding behind him, he said, "Alright, seems like our nasty beastie roams near the cave too, so if it's not in here, then it's probably out there."

The two of them checked their equipment in preparation for a battle. They traded the sleep darts on their wristbows for steel bolts, with Tattletale arming her crossbow with the same. Since the stimpak supply was running low, he kept the Marketplace app open on the Company scroll, primed to order a new set on short notice.

"Ready? I'm relying on you to be our spotter, Tattletale. We have no idea where this thing is and, well, small monsters sometimes get clever to overcome their disadvantages. I wouldn't put past it to ambush us."

He was not particularly worried, but he won't underestimate the creature either. There's a reason Alpha Beowolves arise on the regular. In a twisted mirror of how animals evolve to survive, the more diminutive Grimm species were prone to spitting out specimens capable of applying unconventional tactics. Weak did not mean harmless.

Then again, the key to beating them was simple. Always maintain a state of awareness. Suspect every tree, bush, and stone. Never overlook a possible threat. By understanding their methods, a Huntsman has nothing to fear from them.

Jaune smirked. Good luck to the Beast of Caerbannog. Whatever tricks it plays, he was ready.

Suddenly, he spotted movement amidst the barren landscape.

"Is that a bunny? It is! Oh no, we have to help it, it's not safe for the poor little guy to be here!"

Jaune rushed out into the open, headed for the fluffy critter that had, against all odds, hopped its way to the center of the monster's territory. Tattletale trailed after him, and something was up with the girl. Her gaze flitted from one detail to the next at an increasingly fast pace, clues snapping together like a jigsaw puzzle to form a quite nonsensical picture.

"What the hell…"

A tug on his shirt got Jaune to slow down.

With eyes peeled for signs of the foul creature they were hunting, he asked, "What's wrong? Do you see the monster? Is it watching us?"

"Yeee–maybe? I think jumping to different universes might have screwed with my powers, because it's on the fritz. It has to be. The tracks on the ground, the bones, the shed fur. Everything's coming together to say that the rabbit is our culprit, that it's the Beast of Caerbannog."

Jaune burst out in laughter. Holding-the-belly, about-to-fall-down-and-roll-on-the-floor laughter. 'On the fritz' was right!

"Q-Quit it! Shut up!" shouted Tattletale, cheeks flushed pink. When he wouldn't stop, she stamped a foot in petulance. A low growl rose from the back of her throat. Seeing that she was a second from exploding on him, Jaune moved to placate her ire.

"I'm sorry, I'm sorry," he said, waving a hand to ward her off. "That just hit me out of nowhere, and—" He looked at the rabbit that was turning around due to the commotion, then at Tattletale. "Come on, you can't tell me that wasn't hilarious. Lookit the lil' guy. Look how cute he is—AHHH! AHHH!"

"Holyfuckingshitwhatthehell!"

Yelling and stumbling, Jaune pulled at the thing that had clamped its fangs on his neck, while it—whatever it was—tried to rip his throat out. Pointy teeth screeched against Aura, and the pain was unlike anything he could ever imagine, constant and crushing.

A crossbow bolt from Tattletale flashed across the short space, and in his flailing it struck him square on the cheek.

"Oh god, stop moving!"

"AHHHH!" was his intelligent and levelheaded response.

A second bolt launched forth, whiffing empty air as Jaune's assailant dove off of him at the last instant to avoid the attack. Jaune managed to get one good look at it before the creature bounded away to disappear amidst the pale bones of past victims.

He saw soft white fur. Two long ears. A cottonball tail.

The rabbit.

"I-I…I can't believe you were right!"

"I told you so!"

"The Beast of Caerbannog is a bunny!"

"I tooold yooou soooo! But did you listen? No, no you didn't. Instead, let's laugh at Tattletale even though she's right and will always be ri—ohmigod it's coming after me!"

Jaune wrapped an arm around Tattletale's waist and spun her out of the path of the killer rabbit speeding along the ground. In her place, his foot greeted the creature to punt it into the distance.

Sadly, that was not enough to end the fight. A midair twist, and it landed on its feet, facing them. Eyes full of hate and malice glared at the pair, promising that it will feast upon their flesh. When Jaune took a step towards it, the rabbit went skittering off into concealment again.

"Tattletale!"

She read his intention from that one word.

"Got it."

Their backs met. Jaune and Tattletale faced opposite directions to cover each other's blindspots, and as the latter reloaded her weapon, he brandished his wristbow, slowly sweeping the arm across the landscape. From one side, to the other, doing his best not to blink.

Shuffle. Shuffle. Shuffle.

"That bunny hasn't given up," he warned.

Shuffle. Shuffle. Shuffle.

Something flickered at the corner of his vision, and he snapped his head that way. A patch of dirt showed signs of having been disturbed, but their foe was nowhere in view.

"Coward. It's hiding."

"No," Tattletale refuted. Her eyes were wide, panicked. "It's hunting."

Shuffle. Shuffle. Shuffle.

An abrupt clattering sound drew their attention. Tattletale fired, hitting a rolling skull and shattering it to pieces. No bunny.

Rather than risking distraction by arming another bolt, she slung the crossbow on her belt, and began sighting down her own wristbow.

Shuffle. Shuffle. Shuffle.

"It's here!" Fwip. "Crap. Jaune. JauneJauneJaune!"

He swung his wristbow around. Fwip. The steel bolt impaled the earth, missing his target by an inch. The rabbit traced a zigzagging route, a blur of white ever shortening the gap between it and them. Within three yards it leapt for Tattletale, mouth stretched open to chomp on her face.

It found his arm blocking, instead, and the pulverizing force of its bite tore chunks of Aura out of him. Screaming through his teeth, he weathered the attack to raise his sword high for a decisive blow.

Those beady eyes noticed the descending blade, and released his arm. Landing, it bounced off the ground to jump at his belly now. His newly deployed shield turned it aside in the nick of time, prompting the rabbit to try again from a new direction.

Little bunny feet smacked on the earth, on him, on his shield, even on his sword at angles that avoided the edge, letting the rabbit zip from place to place, and Jaune quickly grew frustrated with the battle. He was dealing with a damn pinball, one relentless in its attempts to latch onto his weakpoints. Face, throat, groin, no spot was off-limits.

Despite this, he wore a smirk, because he enjoyed an advantage it cannot match. Jaune Arc did not fight alone.

"Caught you!" crowed Tattletale in victory, her hands clasping on either side of the rabbit. She had waited on the periphery for a chance, and seized the moment when the creature faced the wrong way to spring her trap, diving on top of it at the same time as it made a landing. Still lying in the dirt, she turned her head to meet his gaze. "Hahaha! Jaune, check it out, I caught the stupid thing!"

With a sudden and inexplicable jerk, she slid a full inch across the ground.

"Eh? Why is it so strong? Wait. No. AAAAAaaahhh—" Her voice faded in the distance. A beat later, Jaune broke into a sprint, chasing after the rabbit that was zooming away with his partner in tow.

"Tattletale, let go of the bunny!"

"Hell no! I don't wanna die!"

Right. That was dumb of him. When riding a Giant Nevermore, the worst course of action a person could take was to hop off. That went double here, since the 'Giant Nevermore' in this equation would hop right back over to maul her face.

Yet, soon, the choice was taken out of her hands. The clever beast adjusted course to aim for a rock jutting up from the ground, and it easily bounded above the obstacle. Tattletale—being a tad heavier than a rodent—failed to gain a single nanosecond of lift or air time, and so slammed her face against the cold, hard stone. The rabbit slipped unopposed through her fingers.

As predicted, it looped back to exact revenge. Or it was just hungry, and thought her a snack. Either way, Jaune interposed himself between the two, shield up and blade swinging.

A duel of monumental skill and willpower ensued to shake the foundation of the world. The rabbit, that ferocious beast, used its size advantage to duck and weave past Jaune's attacks. In turn, Jaune brought forth his full technological and magical prowess in an effort to match this foe.

His wild slashes kept it at bay. It recognized the threat and baited a downward stab, running up the flat of the blade to bite the fingers. And thus, Jaune lost a sword in the middle of the battle.

Thinking him helpless, it stayed in close range. He disabused it of the notion by winding up and slapping it with his shield in a two-handed grip. It tried to play off the impact, but Jaune could tell that that had hurt and he pressed the offensive, launching [Third Arm] to grab the rabbit. The thing ate its way through the palm, the lack of Aura in the limb working against Jaune there, and landed on all fours. They traded glares from across the way, and charged once more into the fray. Again and again, they clashed.

And then, the stars aligned. Jaune achieved a moment of clarity right as the rabbit lunged for his nose.

His left hand, he tossed his shield aside and his right, he offered to the rabbit, jamming the fingers into its mouth and hooking behind the teeth. The thing realized its mistake as it bit down.

Jaune smiled through the pain. He had it now.

The rabbit first gnawed on the fingers in an attempt to sever them. When that failed, it opened its mouth wide to try and release him. Too late, Jaune seized the scruff of its neck with his free hand before it could escape. Without purchase for its feet or range of motion to get its teeth on him, the maddened beast flailed and raged in utter futility. Shrill squeals rang out across the clearing.

Tattletale climbed to her feet, hands rubbing at her reddening nose. "Owwwie…Is it over?"

"Yeah. This bunny's going nowhere."

Going on tippy toes, she peeked over his shoulder, and brightened as she saw what he held. Even in the throes of fury, the rabbit meeped at the fox in human form grinning at it from above.

"My, my, my," she said, slinking around Jaune for a better look. "How the tables have turned. The Beast of Caerbannog doesn't seem so tough anymore, huh? Poor you~ "

She wiggled a finger in front of the rabbit, and laughed as it clacked its teeth to no avail.

"Careful," Jaune cautioned. "It's a tricky one. Don't let your guard down."

"Nihihi, I know. Good work, Jaune." She then started bouncing her toes, overwhelmed by a rising good mood. "Oh man, oh wow, now we're free to go find the Grail!"

"About that." Jaune winced as Tattletale detected the bad news in his tone, and whirled on him.

"W-What? What's wrong?"

"Well, the event of this Instance is called 'The Beast of Caerbannog'. It revolves around the bunny. Since we've beaten it, the event should probably end soon. Remember Dunwall?"

As in, the place that almost met with some unknown catastrophe had they stayed any longer. If he had to guess, either the portal was spilling over to consume the world, or it was about to tear a hole out of the Dishonored universe as the two realms separate. Whichever fate, Jaune rather doubted they'd survive.

Tattletale cupped a palm under her chin, and mulled on the problem.

"Maybe it's fine so long as the crazy thing is still alive?" she suggested.

"We didn't burn down the Golden Cat yet we still had to leave. Besides, the search could take weeks or months. Too long for me to feel safe keeping it nearby."

"Erk. Okay, fair. Let me think." She fell quiet for a while, biting her nails as she searched her thoughts for an answer. Increasingly, an air of despondency grew and grew to cast a shadow over the girl.

In the end, Jaune was greeted by a familiar pout.

"But my Grail."

He patted Tattletale on the back, soothing her as he said, "Chances are that it's fake, anyway. Come on, let's go home."

"'Kay…"

"Just let me take care of this first. Heh, you ever had rabbit before? We might not get any loot from this universe, but at least we're eating good tonight."

At that, Tattletale's head jerked up. "Wait!"

"What? Don't tell me you want me to release the damn thing. It'll kill us if we give it an opportunity."

"No, not that. Absolutely do not let it go," agreed Tattletale, before she plunged a hand into his pocket.

"Whoa, hey. Personal space, lady."

She ignored him, rummaging around until she fished out the Company scroll. A few quick taps led to the items page, where she checked the list of his possessions, and Jaune started to understand what she was doing. Lo and behold, under the other entries there now read a new line. A click, and an image of the exact same rabbit in his hand appeared on the screen. In fact, he could see his thumb in the picture.


The Beast of Caerbannog
Universe: Monty Python
Scientific Name: Annihilatus adorabilus
The most foul, cruel, and bad-tempered rodent you'll ever set eyes on. It can kill. Has killed. Would kill again. This is one bunny that will never get bullied.

The cutest death watches the world, and desires that everything ends.


Terrifying. Although, the selling price…

Tattletale let out a squee.

"Nice!" Jaune lifted the rabbit up before his face. In light of recent news, the snarling visage almost looked cute to him. "Who's my homicidal money bag? You are. You're my fuzzy-wuzzy homicidal money bag!"

Demand existed for fluffy apocalyptic beasts. Who knew.

Someone, somewhere, wanted this thing. Jaune wasn't sure whether that's as a pet, or as a lethal bioweapon, but they were willing to pay top Lien to acquire it. High enough that Jaune can follow that fashionable trend of turning small animals into purses, and transform the Beast of Caerbannog into the first level of [Dimensional Pockets] to carry future loot in.

What problems could this cause, really?

And so, Jaune and Tattletale walked through to another universe with an adorable murderbeast in hand, leaving behind an empty cave, a man's nonsensical last message, and a soon-to-be very confused king and his retinue. The portal blinked out after them.

…

…

"Oh gods, the bunny got loose!"

"Why is it only going after meeeee—" *SLAM* , *click*

"...Tattletale? LISA!? Let me hide in the bathroom too, don't trap me out here with it!"


Universe: Monty Python. Location: The Cave of Caerbannog. Event: The Beast of Caerbannog.
Loot: a killer rabbit that took another two hours to recapture.​


Author's Note: Here's one of those 'shorter episodes' I wanted to do, and that Dark Souls turned out to be anything but. A world that Tattletale can bend into a pretzel, a world in which Jaune can shine, and now a world where they both find out how weird the multiverse can get no matter what their abilities are.
.
Awww, Lisa is sharing...pay no mind to the fact that she can now access 400 Points instead of 250 Points. I'm sure that's coincidental.
.
And so the truth comes out. Lisa Wilbourn has not watched Monty Python. Awful. Disgusting. Worst girl.
.
From Christmas to the end of January, I will be off to explore new lands!...that other people have been to, and settled, and built countries on. Anyway, it's rather hard to say how updates will go, but this will for sure get me a few ideas for writing.
Last edited: May 25, 2025
Stories:
QQ Sneaking His Way into the Multiverse , a RWBY Jaune, WC-lite mechanics story.
Other RWBY stories on AO3 or FF - Yakuza Arc | Conquered Menagerie: Annals of the Sixth Kingdom | Cat, Bunny, and the Good Ship Honey Starbright | The Agent
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:RSR2000, Amdiranifani, UkrainianHuman and 863 others
LazyAutumnMoon
Nov 29, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 19: Super Ethical
View content
LazyAutumnMoon
LazyAutumnMoon
We all need Sundancer in our life.
JoinedJun 7, 2024
Messages289
Likes received68,284
Dec 7, 2024
Add bookmark
#450
After a few days to distance himself, Jaune can say with confidence that he had almost put the ordeals of Caerbannog behind him. Almost, because he will probably never see rabbits the same way again.

They're not innocent. That cuddly, fluffy, 'look at me, I'm adowable' appearance was but a sham, he now knew, a disguise those murderbeasts put on in order to lure in prey. Catch them when you're alone in the woods, and their true nature comes out. Keep them in captivity and they will await the day you make a mistake, and they break free. They yearn for nothing more than to feast on the flesh of the unsuspecting.

What? Who's traumatized? Not him. No, he had been enlightened. Rabbits were the greatest enemy facing his world. Any world.

They do sell for a lot, though, or at least the Beast of Caerbannog had, so there's that going for them. 2,100 Points, to enable serious considerations where there were once mere daydreams on the subject of acquiring greater power. For that very purpose, Jaune sat in a chair with the multiversal Marketplace opened before him. While Lisa leaned on his back to take a peek, he hovered his thumb above the screen of the scroll.

"You definitely won't mind?" he asked again to be sure.

"Pshh, of course not! Like I said, the account is for both of us to use and benefit from, and this clearly applies."

"Still, I'm technically spending your Points—"

"And my generous self is giving you permission, so quit worrying." She grabbed his shoulders, and shook him in that sort of badgering manner he experienced too much of growing up. "Now do it, do it, do it, do it!"

"Yeah yeah, I am." He turned his head to look at her. "You're as bad as my sisters sometimes, you know that? No patience, whatsoever."

In response, she stuck out her tongue. "Nyeh."

"See, that's really not convincing me otherwise."

Was this his fate? To suffer Annoying Blondes for the length of his life? He mulled on it to reach the happy—yet bothersome—conclusion that should everything go well then, yes, it was. Success meant coming home to his family. (And what horror that prospect brought, of his sisters and Lisa Wilbourn meeting. Maybe he should pick up some souvenirs for them to ensure their loyalty, and prevent the creation of that unholy alliance.)

The wistful smile got him a puzzled look from the girl. He waved a hand to indicate it was nothing, and refocused on the scroll.

"Last chance to change your mind," he warned. Silence greeted him, and he took it as an answer. "No regrets now, Lisa."

Jaune gave the screen a quick tap to confirm the purchase. In a blink, much of the Points that they've risked life, limb, and dignity to gain vanished with the wind, draining the joint funds and dipping into his stash to take all but 20 Points. As trade, [Dimensional Pockets] became his to own.

[Dimensional Pockets]
You have deep pockets. Heck, you could fit a body in there! What a totally unrelated coincidence. Wink. Wink.
p.s. At Level 1, the available inventory space measures 1m by 1m by 3m—or about 3ft by 3ft by 9ft for bizarro worlds deprived of the metric system.
p.p.s. Time does not move within the inventory space.
p.p.p.s. Ignore line. Reserved for future patches.

(Keep shoving those worrying implications aside, Jaune. Just keep ignoring them for your peace of mind.)

Little fanfare marked the milestone. No flashy bursts of light or catchy tunes, only a vague sensation of something settling into his mind, knowledge that did not belong to him scratching at a metaphorical door for an opening to slip inside. It left an odd chill skating up and down his back, though that faded within a couple of seconds.

"Soooo?" Lisa asked. Piqued by curiosity, she began poking and prodding him at different spots, as if searching for a hidden button to activate his new ability.

"It worked, I'm pretty sure. Every time I think about using the Pocket, it sort of pings back to let me know it's there."

"Interesting. And where would 'there' be?"

"Oh, it's right over… If you would look… Huh, how do I explain this?" To better illustrate, he enlisted the use of gestures. His finger started out pointing towards his head, before sliding behind him and higher up. After a moment of musing, he spun it in a circle, and flicked the digit back and forth. "...with a forward-sideways-down motion, if that makes sense."

"That was singularly unhelpful, and terrible, and now my head hurts. Does it at least feel like a three by three by nine feet space as the description says?"

Jaune shrugged. "No idea."

The thing's a box with no sides floating in an empty spot of his imagination. Shapes and measurements did not translate in a pure blankness.

Lisa tsked at the non-answer, and raised a hand to massage her forehead—the sign of a budding frustration. Her dislike of being ignorant in a matter was coming to the fore, and it confirmed to Jaune that he had made the correct choice to buy the [Dimensional Pockets] ability for himself. Had she acquired it instead, her head might have exploded as she tried to pin down details on something formless.

To forestall her from dragging him into the inane minutiae, Jaune redirected the subject to more practical concerns, "What I'm interested in, is how the Pocket performs. Why don't we test that out first?"

He reached for Crocea Mors. On contact, nothing happened. It stayed in his hand as he swung it back and forth.

"Think about storing it in a container," Lisa suggested.

One moment, Crocea Mors was there. The next, Jaune held air, the sword disappearing without a trace before their eyes. Such a subtle display, yet the sight brought awe, for a power impossible a minute earlier had with a press of a button become a mundane, everyday thing.

"Whoooa."

"Whoooa—" It occurred to Jaune just then, that his sword was for all intents and purposes no longer in existence, and that he did not know how to retrieve the weapon. A shot of fear squeezed him tight until he could barely breathe as Jaune panicked right the hell out. Bring it back! Bring it back! Crocea Mors reappeared in his grip, and he heaved a sigh of relief.

Assured that he wouldn't lose the family sword by accident, Jaune repeated the process in a calmer state. This time he detected the weapon, not quite in the back of his mind but present nonetheless whenever he turned his thoughts towards the Pocket. By calling on it, he could grasp the size and shape of it as clearly as if it rested on the palm held in his lap. A further impulse and it did so, manifesting.

Gone. Not gone. Gone. Not gone. Gone. Not gone. This will never get old.

Meanwhile, Lisa was plucking items from the table, ending up with a jumbled assortment. "Here, try to store all of these."

One by one, the items entered the Pocket. As before, the space catalogued them to a startling degree of clarity, with him now recalling each object in detail despite having spared only a passing glance in the physical world. The observation, once conveyed, garnered him quite a bit of jealousy from Lisa. Not that she'd admit the truth.

"It doesn't mean that you're any smarter!"

"Yes, yes, you don't have to go on about it. Anyway, care for a piece of chocolate? I have five in this Pocket, along with two teacups, three fountain pens, thirty-two pieces of paper, a crossbow, a carton of sleep darts—there's twelve of those by the way, my personal scroll, a sack of two hundred forty seven gold coins…"

"Grrrr."

Her expression seemed amusing, so Jaune summoned his scroll mid-speech, and snapped a picture. (She flipped him off as he took it.)

Heh. Jelly Lisa get.

The scroll went back in his Pocket, and he returned the rest of the items outside, though Lisa stopped him from cleaning up. The next experiment involved him attempting to store the goods without touching them. That one bore no results beyond him looking silly.

"Contact's needed, then. Bummer." He could think of a few uses otherwise. Pranks, sleight-of-hand magic tricks, stealing snacks out of vending machines. Life-changing stuff.

"Bummer indeed. Hm."

"What's up, Lisa?"

Tapping her chin, she replied, "I wonder what other restrictions this Pocket operates on… Oh! I know!" She held out her hands, making grabby motions. "Gimme your sword, I want to test what happens when someone else is in contact with the object before you put it away."

"Sure, take it." He offered Crocea Mors by the handle to her, still sheathed. "Just don't try to brain me with it like the first time we met."

Lisa stopped short. A mischievous smile crept onto her face, and she yanked the sword from him.

"Or maybe I should do exactly that~? Because it's extremely important we confirm whether or not you can steal weapons straight out of an opponent's hand."

"I mostly agree, but I don't believe for a second it's your real reason."

"Too late, that's what you deserve for making fun of me! Take this!"

Wielding Crocea Mors with both hands, she swept it back for a mighty overhead swing, earning her a hum of acknowledgment from Jaune because while lacking in technique the wind-up contained every ounce of her righteous fury (or was it petty vindictiveness?). This was a maneuver that, were the resulting blow to connect, could deal lasting injury to the Aura-less foe. Quite impressive in his opinion when taking into consideration her current level of physicality. It held promise.

Except, at the apex of the arc, the sword slipped out of her fingers and went whirling off to bounce against the back wall.

Girl and boy stared at the weapon in silence. Her composure broke before he did.

"Ummm, I meant to do that," muttered Lisa, as a crimson blush suffused her cheeks. It rather undercut the claim, not that Jaune fell for the lie in the first place.

"I am never letting you own a melee weapon."

"That's…okay, fair enough."

He walked over to pick up the sword, and passed it to Lisa again. Learning from the previous mishap, he supervised this time, helping adjust her grip to fit proper form. As he led her through the motion of the attack—not so far that she strains her arms and not so low that momentum suffers—Lisa began to appreciate the lesson for what it was, and she flashed a smile at him during a moment when their eyes met.

Then, he promptly invalidated all of it by popping Crocea Mors into his Pocket.

"Look at that, it worked!"

"I hate you so, so much right now," Lisa deadpanned. "What was even the point of teaching me to hold a sword?"

"Because"—he manifested Crocea Mors and handed it to her— "your idea was a pretty good one. Let's see how viable this power is in practice. Raise it slowly. Remember to retain control."

Lisa grumbled, but in the end she followed his instruction. The blade descended at a safe speed (as a sword can be at any rate) on a trajectory for Jaune's shoulder.

Smack! It landed to send up a small jolt of pain, vanishing into thin air an instant later as he activated the Pocket.

Lisa tried, not very hard, to suppress her snickering. "Heh. Hehehe. You were a little late there. Just saying."

Jaune shot her an unamused look while rubbing at his smarting shoulder. As she so 'constructively' criticized, the maneuver could use some tweaking on his end; he had reacted half a second behind the strike. Taken in broad strokes, though, it should fare well amidst combat and stood a decent chance of becoming a key strategy in his playbook.

Eager to put his new power to use, Jaune navigated from the Marketplace to the Portal app.

"Suit up, Lisa. I think it's about time we go for a—"

She cut in, "Hold up! Stop! Pause! Who said we were done?"

Caught off guard, Jaune fumbled the device. It hit the table with a clatter. He looked from it, to Lisa.

"Well, weren't we?" he asked.

"Someday, I'll definitely teach you to quit that stupid habit of rushing off half-cocked on the first idea to lodge in your head. Leave the phone there. I have a couple more experiments that should get us good data on the limits of the Pocket."

"But…" my call to adventure.

"No buts. We need to know what we're dealing with so it doesn't cause you problems."

He changed tack. "How about we go to a new universe to do that, for efficiency's sake? Think of the shinies we can snatch up along the way."

The effect must have been rather lacking, as Lisa leveled at him an unimpressed look, before pointedly sitting down on a chair. Then she smirked, and crossed her legs.

"Remember our deal? We still haven't run out of rest days yet. You promised. And you wouldn't go back on your word, would you?"

Oh no! She has gotten a grasp of the methods to getting her way around him!

Caught in her trap and seeing no recourse, Jaune slumped down in another seat.

"Good boy. Now, paw!"

He raised a hand, and flipped Lisa off.


-o-​


The myriad colors of their portal swirled to life.

"Something still feels off about this," Tattletale voiced her doubts once again.

Clink. Clink-clink. Clink. Stacks of gold coins grew and shrank on Jaune's palm as he enjoyed his new pastime, listening with half an ear. Idly, he said, "The place is apparently ethical, super ethical even, so it can't be that bad."

"Super suspicious is what it is. You ever seen those amusement parks with names like 'Happy Friendship Funtime'? Guaranteed, there's a killer clown running around after dark." She shivered. "Ask me how I know."

He shrugged his shoulders. "Alright, sure, but the big mistake there is to hire clowns in the first place. As for here, every sign points to this being a game show. They get weird with their names sometimes. It's part of the fun."

"I dunno if that's any better. Those programs love to humiliate their contestants." Judging by her expression, Tattletale would prefer the killer clown over the possibility of people laughing at her, and Jaune patted her on the back in comfort.

"Think of it this way. What do game shows have? Trivia, logic puzzles, the brainy stuff that you excel at. And what's usually at the end? A prize."

That calmed her some. The prospect of a chance to shine soothed Tattletale of her jittery nerves, and she stood just a little straighter.

Now, Jaune didn't mention it aloud, but he assumed they'd also meet a number of physical challenges. A Danger Rating of 2/10, from his experiences in Dunwall and Caerbannog, indicated at least some levels of hazard in the world during the event—whether that's disease, political instability, or untamed wildlife. That said, he was quite confident that he could handle whatever this universe dished out. Any one of those above things could make for a bad time, yes, but they constituted general concerns which faced the population at large in their day-to-day (even if the Beast of Caerbannog pushed that envelope), as opposed to Lordran where everything was hostile and trying to kill him or Brockton Bay where Leviathan almost drowned the entire city.

The portal achieved stability, putting their debate to rest. Jaune took point, advancing with his shield and sword held in loose grips at his sides—though ready to snap up in a guard at a moment's notice. Tattletale stuck close to him as she followed a step behind.


Universe: Saints Row. Location: Steelport Film Studios.
Event: Professor Genki's Super Ethical Reality Climax.​


Upon arrival, the first thing to greet them was a handgun laying on a display stand.

"I don't think this is going to be very ethical," said Jaune with a whimper.

The room that the portal deposited them inside featured two gates. Colorfully painted in green, white, and pink, they contrasted the simple brick walls, and imparted a sense of whimsy to the ambience. (The handgun very much undercut that whimsy.)

With a loud buzzing noise, the gate at their back opened, and in walked a man with a shaved head and dressed in an outfit of red shirt under casual black suit. Tattoos peeked out of his collar and sleeves. It's a look that exuded danger except for the incongruous pink tie; the thing threw the entire balance out of whack in Jaune's opinion. There was no opportunity to comment on it, as the room broke out in a cacophony.

"An Ee Eighty Eight?" Tattletale shouted in alarm as the buzzing noise resumed, and the gate slammed shut.

The man, meanwhile, expressed bewilderment at their presence. "Who the flying fuck—" Surprise became a scowl, and a spittle-spraying snarl. "Oh hell naw, this is my million dollar shot!" He pulled out a gun tucked in his pants.

Before the muzzle so much as twitched in their direction, a sleep dart sprang out of the wristbow worn by Tattletale, and jabbed the man in the neck. Anger left his face, replaced by a woozy daze, followed shortly by him slipping to the floor in unconsciousness. Peace returned to the room.

"No Aura," Jaune noted. "We'll have an advantage over any hostile parties in this Instance."

Tattletale fired back, "Which is obviously not a typical game show."

"He could have been an outlier." The protest lacked conviction, and they both knew it. "What's Ee Eighty Eight, again? It sounds familiar."

"The nazi gang from Brockton Bay." She scrunched her nose in distaste. "Red and black are their colors, along with the shaved head."

"Are you suggesting—"

"No, the pink tie isn't their thing. Like, at all. So on a second glance this is probably a different group that happened to have a similar motif. Definitely a gang. He was ready and willing to kill us."

Rifling through the man's wallet uncovered dollar bills of a slightly altered design to the ones Tattletale were used to seeing. It confirmed that they were in a variation of her planet, Earth. She also deduced the password to his scroll (or 'phone', as Tattletale and the locals call it), claiming the fingerprints on the screen betrayed the numbers—they will never speak about the two failed attempts where she inputted them in the incorrect sequence. From the device, they gained a name for the gang, Morningstar, and a couple of tidbits that identified the man as being near the bottom of the totem pole. Oh, and he had gambling debts, hence the game show entry.

A detailed search through the scrollnet ('inter-net'? More strange Earth vocabulary) would have allowed them a better grasp on this world, but they were interrupted by the second gate swinging open. Beyond it laid a large concrete space broken up by barriers, walls, and pillars of the same material. The area rather resembled one of the paintball courses in Vale, colored in pink and blue candy cane stripes. On the far wall, Jaune spotted another set of doors.

In the middle of observing these new surroundings, Jaune heard the overhead speakers set in the corners crackle to life, blaring voices.

The first voice flowed smooth and crisp in the cadence of an experienced sportscaster, conveying an infectious sense of anticipation. "Welcome to Professor Genki's Super Ethical Reality Climax! Murder-time is fun-time, right, Bobby?"

Murder-time is what? Jaune turned to his companion.

"I take it back. Funtime? You might have a point about this place."

"I told you so!"

Oh great, she's making that face again. The smug one.

A second voice came over the speakers, this one gravelly and less-practiced. "You got it, Zach. If our contestant can survive the deadly traps"—the pair of blonds blanched as nozzles embedded on the sides of the concrete pillars spat out electricity or fire throughout the course—"armed mascots"—Jaune mouthed 'armed mascots?' to Tattletale, getting a shrug in reply—"and those freakishly huge Hunters"—roars resounded somewhere in the depths of the building—"they can win a hefty pile of cash."

"Should we quit and go home?" asked Jaune, peeking over his shoulder at the portal. "This wasn't what I expected from a game show. Exaggerated or not, it's too morbid."

Tattletale considered it, biting her bottom lip in thought. Her gaze alternated between the portal and the open gate, and it soon settled on the latter. "I'm not so sure that they're playing it up. Still, they said 'survive', and Aura makes us uniquely suited for that. We can win, grab the prize, and get out before they start asking questions."

"We're not strapped for cash," he reminded her, playing devil's advocate. Or was it angel's advocate in this case?

"Yeah, I know. But a payday is a payday, and we can take a closer look at this universe. There might be tinkertech or magical toys lying around."

"Good. Point." Money has somewhat lost its value due to the gold bar in his Pocket, but Marketplace sellables? That, he can use. "Okay, I'll head in first, and you stay close."

The pilfered cash went in his Pocket. While he was at it, Jaune swiped the two handguns and dropped them inside, too. The 'phone', Tattletale fiddled with for a minute and ultimately tossed back on top of the unconscious gangster.

"We're leaving that?"

She gave a dismissive wave at the device. "The thing's loaded down with so much porn and viruses that I feel sick just holding it. I doubt it'd work outside this world anyway."

"Fine with me. Let's go."

Their entrance to the game show was immediately met with confusion.

"What's this? I do believe we have ourselves a last minute tag in. Is that allowed, Bobby?"

The gate shut behind them, locking tight.

"Well, Zach, since the rulebook is a single piece of paper with the line 'Ded peeps = $ $ $' scrawled in crayons, I'm gonna make an executive ruling: Whatevs fam!"

" *Sniff, sniff* You have such a way with words. And there you have it, folks. Tonight will feature two contestants to double their chances!"

"Or double their bodies that we have to mop up."

"Indeed, Bobby. Now, I have to ask, do you see what I'm seeing?"

"You talking about the chick in a fetish outfit? I've said it before, I'll say it again: morals and decency are falling year after year in Steelport. God do I love this city!"

"I meant more the LARPer who brought a knife to a gunfight, but sure I suppose we can discuss the less pretty one between the two."

"Fuck you!" shouted Tattletale, as the second voice—Bobby—picked up the conversation.

"That's what I like about you, Zach. You tell only the truth. But on the plus side, she's female and wearing skintight spandex, which is going to do great things for our ratings!"

"On the other hand, I'm placing my bet that because of the renowned anti-ballistic properties of spandex, she will last half a minute tops, so our viewers better tune in fast to send her their goodbyes!"

"Ignore them. There's no point in taking what they say to heart, they're just trying to get a rise out of you," advised Jaune to Tattletale.

She scoffed, affecting nonchalance; it's not exactly persuasive with her hands bunched into fists. "Hey, who's upset? Not me! I'm not offended in the least." She then muttered under her breath, "We'll see who's laughing in the end. Keep talking, idiots. Give me the ammo to ruin your whole career. Hehehehehe…"

Scary.

As they moved further into the room, Tattletale's ire faded to the background, and she fell quiet. Her gaze, having caught on some small detail Jaune could not hope to notice, began to bounce wildly around the area. A sniff of the air, and she gagged. One of her hands reached out to Jaune, pinching the back of his jacket.

"A lot of people died here, Jaune." She drew closer to him, eyes flicking back and forth. Her breath came in shallow gasps. "A lot. They never quite managed to wash the blood away."

…That was a joke, right? She had to be kidding, or wrong. A few unfortunate accidents sounded more realistic, especially as the banter overhead continued between the two emcees. Juxtaposing Tattletale's claim, their blasé attitudes stretched credulity in her tale to the point of surrealness; it was not how people talk when they send others to their death.

"It looks like the arm candy is having second thoughts. What's your take, Bobby?"

"Four words, Zach: all tits, no heart. I didn't realize there were still people like this in Steelport. I mean, if my gal was here, she would have already gotten started on wiping out everything that dares to move!"

"Let's not mention your girlfriend, Bobby. I still get nightmares from that barbecue at your h—Oh ho, contact in three! Two! One!"

"Finally, some action! C'mon mascots, make Genki proud!"

A pack of four people rounded the bend, coming into sight of Jaune and Tattletale. Unarmed and dressed in generic animal mascot costumes, they shouted and holler as they ran. He spied a dog, a pig, a gorilla, and—Jaune narrowed his eyes. A click, and his shield converted to sheath-form; he stowed his sword inside. Then, he set himself in a fighting stance, winding up a fist.

And as the rabbit at the head of the pack arrived within range, he popped the mascot in the face with a punch to send him flying, missing his cohorts by inches as they hastily dodged out of the way. Landing, the rabbit continued to slide the entire length of the passageway until he smashed into a concrete barrier and was knocked unconscious.

Jaune beamed. "Wow, that was satisfying."

The remaining mascots looked at their fallen comrade, then at each other, then at him. A whispered conversation broke out among them, one that he was content to wait to finish; now that he had established his bona fides, perhaps there's a chance they would back off.

He cocked an eyebrow as the mascots instead decided to renew their charge, rushing at him with a mighty warcry on their lips and fists swinging.

Bomf! Bomf! Bomf! Bomf!

…It didn't do much. The padding of their gloves softened the punches to the point that they barely registered on his Aura. After a little while, the mascots started to realize that, too. The attacks slowed in their pace, before stopping altogether.

"Uhhh…" said one of them.

Cheerily, he replied, "You done? My turn, then!"

Being normal civilians with little training, it required all of five seconds to subdue the rest of the pack. Afterward, Jaune dusted his hands, and threw a victory sign at Tattletale.

"That was too easy! Come on, let's keep going." He pivoted on his heels, and took a step.

Tattletale leapt for his arm, yanking him with all her strength and causing him to stumble backward. Before he could ask what her deal was, a wall of flames erupted in front of his face, nearly singing his hair.

"Pay attention to the traps, will you!?"

"And a quick save from Arm Candy!"

"Good eye, spotting that. Pretty Boy almost lost the only thing he's got going for him."

Bullets struck the wall next to Jaune, alerting him of combatants ahead—and cutting away a bit more of his belief that this was a staged performance. As the flames shut off, he hurried past the trap and ducked behind a pillar, with Tattletale joining him. There, he studied the trajectories of the gunfire to approximate the directions of the shooters.

"One's on the catwalk up top, you can use the half-wall over there"—Tattletale pointed to the left side of the room—"to reach him! There's two more standing at the far back. They're firing haphazardly, no pattern, no alternation. Wait for when they reload at the same time, and you'll have a clear path."

Or he could just, you know, let the Thinker handle that part for him.

Following her plan, he dashed out of cover, bullets trailing but never quite hitting—he had been faster than they expected, inhumanly so. A step on the half-wall, a jump, and he swung over the railings to land on the catwalk.

A purple…soda can…thing…cursed as it noticed him. In the mascot's hand was an assault rifle, and the relevant details absorbed through lessons at Beacon drifted to the top of his mind. High rate of fire, strong impact, getting hit would not be fun. To avoid losing a chunk of his Aura, Jaune rushed him, grabbing under the gun's muzzle and jerking the weapon to point upward.

"And now, for my magic trick!" he grandly declared, activating [Dimensional Pockets] in order to steal the rifle out of his opponent's very grasp itself!

"..."

"..."

"Why are they just standing there making doe-eyes at each other?"

"Shhh. Don't ruin the moment, Zach."

Jaune stared agog at the rifle that had not gone anywhere. He was holding onto one end while the soda can held the other end, and try as he might, he cannot change that fact no matter how many times he tried to shove the gun in his Pocket.

The fist striking his nose woke Jaune from his stupor. He returned the favor with a gut punch, and the mascot let go of the gun, falling to his knees and clutching his stomach. Judging from the retching noises and a growing stink rising inside the costume, he wouldn't want to be that guy right about now.

Peering down at the rifle he was still hanging on to, Jaune gave the Pocket another shot, and was left blinking in utter befuddlement. This time, the firearm had vanished into the inventory space with nary a problem.

A possible explanation reared its head, and to confirm, he set his sight on the remaining gunmen. The moment he spotted the opening Tattletale described earlier, he leapt over the balcony and hopscotched the concrete pillars and walls on a beeline for his targets. [Third Arm] bridged the final distance, and upon landing he slapped his hands against the guns.

Once again, the Pocket failed to do its work, only succeeding after he dispatched his foes and removed the weapons from them.

Finders keepers, losers weepers. That was the key.

Uncontested ownership, by physical possession if not by legal rights, was required for him to claim an object. So long as someone else maintained contact, the Pocket would refuse to accept the item. Which was odd, because that was not how it functioned during testing.

What was the difference between Tattletale and these guys?

For the time being, he put the matter out of mind; it was enough to know he cannot rely on the Pocket to disarm people mid-combat. Of more immediate concern was the nearby gate that had opened to grant entry to a corridor. An identical gate sat on the opposite side, and the lack of a prize suggested that this skirmish may not be the last. As Tattletale picked her way across the traps and regrouped with him, he listened to the running commentary for hints on the situation.

"That's a wrap for the first round, and what a round it was! The feats of strength and acrobatics. The fearlessness in the face of death. That creepy arm that might or might not have been me tripping. Inspiring stuff. Bobby! What's the score now?"

"Well, Zach, after carrying the two and multiplying by the sexy Halloween costume coefficient, I put the current score at aroooound…NOTHING! Because as you know, viewers, in Professor Genki's Super Ethical Reality Climax the only way to rack up them dollars is to rack up them bodies!"

"It's the one rule we have to this game, and I for one never thought I'd see the day that somebody breaks it—we didn't expect anybody could be that dumb! News flash for Pretty Boy, murder-time is not just fun-time, it's money-time! Do better in the next round!"

"This place is so fucked up," Jaune murmured. "Forget ethical, the show can't even be legal."

Evidently, the room came equipped with hidden microphones, as he got an answer in return.

"Oh, you sweet summer child. Did you take the wrong exit and end up in Steelport by accident? The only part not legal about this entire enterprise is the tax evasion! Whoooooo!"

"Whoooo—is exactly right, Bobby. Here at Genki's, we pride ourselves on running a tight ship and providing good, clean fun for the whole family. Now, let's move away from the tax evasion bit and start the second round before people ask questions we aren't prepared to answer. Contestants, advance!"

No further responses were forthcoming, not even when Jaune taunted them at the top of his lungs. In the end, a nudge from Tattletale got him moving, and they walked down the corridor.

"I don't think I like Earth very much," he remarked.

Where was the heroism? Where were the people who banded together to defend a city? Yes, Armsmaster tried to kill him, but he had chalked that down as an outlier; the man clearly wasn't supposed to have done it. The callous disregard shown here was painting an altogether different, altogether worse, picture on the nature of Earth people, and he was having trouble reconciling that with Sundancer, Laserdream, Shielder, and the like.

(Tattletale…belonged to a category of her own.)

"It's not normal," Tattletale protested, having discerned a little of what was running through his head. "None of the things they said were. Murder isn't legal so far as I know, and families don't watch this stuff."

"They were lying, then?" Please let it be so.

"I… can't tell for certain. Earth Bet does have sketchy shows run by capes like Uber and Leet; They film their crimes, themed around videogames. No killings, though, since that would get them sent to the Birdcage—a maximum security prison for parahumans," she explained for his benefit. "Then we have the monsters, like… the Slaughterhouse Nine." Her voice dropped to a low whisper when speaking the name, as if it would somehow summon them. "H-Honestly, the attitude I'm getting from those emcees would be right up the Nine's alley. Hearing them talk, they're literally not seeing this as anything wrong."

Jigsaw puzzle pieces slammed into place, each one somber as a gravestone. Jaune released a shuddering breath. A theory danced upon his thoughts.

"They asked if we 'took the wrong exit'. We really might have."

A society where murder has become commonplace. What a vast multiverse it was that he traveled in.

"Um, so what's the plan now?" asked Tattletale, fidgeting. "Do we…" She mimed a finger gun firing.

Do we join in on the 'fun'.

"No!" Jaune answered firmly. "If they fight me, I'll fight back, but I don't intend to follow these guys' rules. It's not like I care about the money they're promising." He stopped in front of the gate. "That said, the mascots are aiming to kill us. Your crossbow is a bit lacking in our current situation, which could end badly, so"—a handgun materialized in his palm, and he held it out to her—"here, for if it comes down to you or them. Are you familiar with using one of these?"

"Yeah!" Her strong response quickly lost its confident tone. "Well, I've taken a shot here and there…once…on a cape who I knew had a force field protecting herself…" Tattletale squirmed in discomfort under his curious gaze. "To tell you the truth, a gun's always been more of a... a prop for me in the superpowered game of cops and robbers. I haven't ever…"

Her hand darted towards the gun. Pulled back. She fretted, repeating the routine twice in indecision before wrapping her fingers delicately around the grip.

Looking at how nervous she was, Jaune offered her an out. "You could stay back, and I'll go on ahead."

His words became the spark to set off the girl, igniting her willful spirit. Her gaze took on a harder edge.

"No way!" she denied. "I can handle this!"

"You don't have to feel as if you need to put on a tough front, you know."

"Ahhh quit it already, and get a move on!" Tattletale circled behind him, and began pushing on his back. "Seriously, listen to yourself, spouting lines about feelings like you're… my… therapist… oh crap."

The set of doors had opened to expose the new arena, and Jaune and Tattletale were currently finding themselves the target of a few dozen guns aimed their way. Laser dots traced along the ground, in the process of zeroing on the pair.

"Hang onto me, Tattletale!" Jaune ordered, brooking no disagreement.

Her arms wrapped tight around him, and Jaune activated [Third Arm] to pull them towards the block of concrete directly in front of the pair as their previous spot was lit up by gunfire. They did not escape entirely unscathed, though his position meant he blocked most of the impacts. Which wasn't a good thing.

"Fuuu-u-uuck!" he groaned and hugged his body, waiting behind cover for the pain to fade. An individual bullet, he can shrug off; his tolerance for injury has come a long way. Once the number got to twenty bullets thereabout in the span of a few seconds, that's the time to take a pause and just curl into a ball for a while.

Next to him, Tattletale likewise whimpered.

"Were you hurt badly?" he asked in concern.

"The side of my head, and my thigh. You?"

"I tanked the shots with my face. It's not as badass as it sounds." A hand patted his head comfortingly, and he felt a little better.

"Take a rest. I'll scope out the situation."

"Thanks. Can you figure out what's with the huge difficulty spike?"

She laughed without humor. "That's obvious. The show tries its damndest to avoid shelling out the prize money. Now, shoosh. Let me do my power thing."

The continuous salvos prevented Tattletale from peeking out of cover for longer than a split second at a time. She instead relied on her sense of hearing for the most part. The hollering and whooping of the mascots—along with the gunfire—made parsing individual words impossible. The tone of voice, however, carried through and Tattletale soon heaved a sigh, rubbing her forehead. Jaune passed her a Piero's Remedy from his Pocket, which she gratefully took and and sipped from.

"Well, there's no talking them down. They're here of their own volition. They're happy to be taking part, in fact, and enjoy the chance to shoot people." Something exploded on the other side of the concrete block and, hitting the limit of her tolerance, Tattletale shouted at the top of her lungs, "What the hell kind of place is this!?"

A distant voice yelled back at them above the din. "'Murica, bitch!"

And the mighty cry of an eagle rang out over the arena.

"Sorry! Sorry, folks! I could not help myself."

"Don't worry, Zach. I would have done it if you hadn't."

The pain had ebbed to a dull ache by this point, and Jaune hopped to squat on the balls of his feet, poised to spring out of hiding. He tapped Tattletale on the shoulder to get her attention, and outlined his plan.

"I'll split off to draw their fire. You stay here, and put a dart in anyone you can get a shot at, alright? Those snipers up top, especially." He made no mention of the handgun, leaving that to her to decide. (And pretended to not notice the relief with which she put down the thing.)

"I know what you're trying to do, by the way," she said, narrowing her eyes at him.

He feigned a cherubic smile. "No clue what you're implying, Tattletale."

"Tch. Whatever. I can admit when things are a little too high-intensity for me. Good luck, Jaune."

"Mmhm."

A shadowy limb stretched out of the concrete block, latching onto a long half-wall that led closer to the mascots. Jaune skidded across the floor a moment later. Before the gunmen could adjust their aim, he dove past a fire trap, letting the flames obscure his form. Once the trap shut off, he had vanished from sight.

After a short time, a sudden cry went up.

"Here! He's over h–erk!"

Blind gunfire bombarded the general area where the voice emanated from. On the other side of the wall withstanding that onslaught, Jaune tapped a beat on the cold concrete, waiting for the arrival of the mascots. A laser dot flashing overhead winked out, soon followed by a second, a result he attributed to Tattletale doing her part.

The mascots came pouring into the maze-like section. Animals, soda cans, beer bottles, and even a hotdog, they jostled for place in the narrow, trap-filled corridors. Each one were eager to be the first to find Jaune.

He smacked the winner of that race the instant they rounded the bend, causing a pileup as the mascots tripped over their brethren. The shock trap then activated to zap the group.

"Cleanup on aisle nine! Boy am I glad it's not my job to do the laundry. Those brown stains will be somebody else's nightmare…Hello, what's this?"

Jaune kicked the twitching, screaming mascots out of his path (and outside the range of the shock trap), then stepped past them to meet the cautious ones who brought up the rear. Giving them no time to mount a counter, he laid into the mascots with Crocea Mors, the scabbard breaking bones with terrifying ease. His free hand, he used to pluck weapons left and right, whether that be assault rifles, handguns, or…the rest. Whatever those stubby ones that shoot really fast were called.

Sue him, he was a swordsman.

A commotion behind him revealed the presence of reinforcements; those mascots had doubled around to trap him in a pincer tactic. They met the same problems as the first group. A tight space to hamper their shots. Fallen bodies providing tripping hazards.

Bullets flew. A few pinged off him, but more were striking their allies to add to the general mayhem.

In the midst of the fight, he caught a flash of purple as some sort of club swung for his head. Absentmindedly, he grabbed it and snapped out a kick to deal with the hotdog mascot, tossing the club into the inventory before he moved on to incapacitate a shotgun-wielding gorilla. (Really, respect to the guy for opting to go melee in a firefight, but Jaune had to concede it was a tad foolish when done without protection, such as Aura.)

The threats subdued, he exited the maze.

"I…well, we have two confirmed fatal casualties, although our contestants don't seem to have done much to make that happen. Should we count those, Bobby?"

"Hell no! Oi, what's with the pansy-ass bullshit, Pretty Boy? Get back in there and score those points!"

My, my. Seems he was ruining Bobby's good time. That's great, because he didn't like Bobby anyway. Or Zach.

A furtive scan of the arena, and Jaune was sprinting back to Tattletale; judicious use of [Third Arm] kept him ahead of the gunfire. He barreled his way amidst the squad advancing on her position, granting her the reprieve to dispatch the ones trying (and failing) to catch her by surprise.

"Good job, J—" she choked on her spit. Pointing, she croaked out a warning, "Rocket launcher. Rocket launcher!"

Jaune whipped his head to look where she indicated, spotting a rabbit mascot on the distant catwalk arming the weapon. Yep, time to run.

Or perhaps not.

"He's making a big show of it, but he can't do anything!" Jaune slipped between the mascots, and continued fighting. "Stick close to his allies, and we have nothing to fear!"

The mascot raised the rocket launcher, and fired the shot.

"Uh-oh."

Jaune hopped over the concrete block, threw Tattletale on his shoulder, then raced for new cover. The blast as the rocket struck sent them hurling the last couple yards to land behind a barrier. Ears ringing, they tucked themselves close to the wall in order to avoid the…splashes. Things were becoming awfully red in the immediate area.

"Scratch that," he amended himself. "We have nothing to fear, except for a psycho rabbit that doesn't care about friendly fire."

"He's a problem. One good shot can exhaust my Aura, and probably yours too by now."

Eh, Jaune doubted it. He was tough. Two shots, maybe.

"Quit thinking macho thoughts," Tattletale ordered with some measure of affection.

"I wasn't. Honest!" He did not expect her to believe him, and she didn't. "Still, you're right. I'd rather not eat a bomb to the face. Here's the plan: I'll run over there—"

She quirked an eyebrow. "And eat a bomb to the face?"

"No. Maybe. It's a risk."

"Too much. The other mascots, there's about half their numbers remaining. They'd get in your way." Tattletale looked down at her hand. Jaune followed her gaze to see the girl studying the handgun he gave her. Gradually, hesitation transformed to resolve. "Let me give it a try. Cover me."

"Hang on…"

Tattletale ignored him and closed her eyes in concentration. The gun rose, aimed at nothing. It seemed to him a bad combination, shooting with one's eyes shut, but he refrained from commenting as she made a series of adjustments to her form.

The muzzle pointed higher. A bit to the right. Back to left. Her body tilted on an angle at the waist.

She took a step to the right, pulled the trigger, then returned to safety whilst breathing out a long sigh.

"Done. Hit him in the hip. Go take care of it, would you?"

A quick peek verified that she had been correct. The rabbit mascot laid in a heap, screaming.

Idly, he said, "What a scary girl you are."

"And don't you forget it."

He emerged from hiding, forgoing defense in favor of reaching the far wall as fast as possible. His shield repelled most of the shots, and the glancing bullets hardly slowed him down. Tattletale pitched in, with the occasional body slumping over before they could fire on him. He vaulted onto the catwalk just as one of the rabbit's allies got there. Smashing the bulldog's face into the balcony did the trick, and the rocket launcher entered his Pocket to prevent anyone else from bringing it back in play.

From the catwalk, Jaune gazed down at the mascots still in the game. None of them were behaving as wildly as at the start of the round, with many trying their best to slide out of his view. They came here to enjoy a spot of murder, and instead found themselves participating as the hunted, the losers of the show.

The 'fun' was gone. Or rather, it was all on his side now. He flashed a vicious grin at them, and leapt off the balcony.

What followed was a game of cat and mouse as Jaune ran the gauntlet, neutralizing the escaping mascots one by one. It also served as good practice for Tattletale in using her Aura-enhanced capabilities to fight. An eager student, she absorbed his demonstrations and tips, then employed them on the mascots with wonderful enthusiasm. The girl was beaming by the time her last costumed opponent fell to the floor. Full of energy, she shadowboxed an imaginary foe.

"I can probably beat Brian now if I try," she boasted. "God, what I would give to meet Glory Girl again. It'll be my turn to show her force field bullshit for once." She hopped up and down. "Ughhh, I'm still in the mood to fight something!"

KA-THUNK! Hisssss.

Heretofore hidden trapdoors, composed of half a foot of thick steel, slid open along either sides of the room. Freezing vapors leaked out to obscure the contents. What those contents were, Jaune could not say, only that efforts had gone in to keep them frozen—dormant—behind extremely sturdy doors.

"Never say that our show does not deliver. Give a warm welcome, those of you without the survival instincts to run away screaming, to our strongest challenge. The Huuuuu—"

"—uuuuuuu—"

"—uuuuuu—"

"—uuuuuuuunters!"

A meaty hand, the palm bigger than Jaune's head, grabbed the edge of the cell. The fingers dug in, denting the steel. On the opposite side, a huge boot stepped out from within the vapors, and its stomp shook the surroundings. The bald heads were next, ducking to fit through the thresholds, then straightening up to tower over a normal person. The two men bore identical faces along with mountains of muscle for bodies, and there was a certain caveman cast to their features. As big as Ursas, the so-called Hunters glared at the pair with angry scowls.

Jaune addressed his companion, "Tattletale?"

He vaguely gestured in the direction of the Ursa-like brutes.

"What!?" she squawked, hands waving in a denial as she instantly understood his meaning. "Are you crazy? They'd kill me!"

"You sure? It could be good training." He took a big backstep to put her in front of him, snickering as Tattletale squeaked and rushed to hide behind him, and attempted with all her might to push him forward.

"Nope. Nope, nope, nope, nope, nope. You do it, Jaune!"

Chuckling, he relented, stepping forward to present himself as a target. Not much seemed to go on up top for the Hunters, because they immediately locked onto him.

Raising both hands, he said, "Hey fellas. How's life in the fridges treating you? Good I hope. So, here's the thing. You missed it, but I just whooped, like, thirty dudes before you showed up. I brought a knife to a gunfight, and won. You really don't want to mess with me."

Throwing back their heads, the two men roared twin animalistic roars.

"I take it you are not convinced."

As one, they charged at him, and Jaune reached for Crocea Mors in reply. As they entered his range, huge fists swinging, he twirled out of the way and—in a blink—moved to put one in front of the other. As a warning, he gave the closer Hunter a whack on the arm with his weapon. A blow that normally would have crushed bones displayed little effect on this occasion, and Jaune tsked.

"I was afraid of that," he said, drawing his sword out of the scabbard. The last trace of his mirth faded away. Something colder took its place.

With the mascots, talking them down from attempted murder might be futile, yet they at least had to listen to such persuasive arguments as 'broken limbs', 'concussion', and 'needing to drink through a straw'. These guys here were too tough for that, limiting the options available to Jaune.

Yes, he'd win, but…

Brute One went for a tackle. Jaune sliced off one of his arms, the titanite-reinforced blade parting muscle and bone with hardly any resistance at all.

…it was going to be bloody.

As Brute One flopped on the ground, the man still attempted to kick out a foot. Jaune lopped that off, too. He quelled a shiver upon hearing the man's piteous wails; Brute Two hadn't given up despite the sight of his brethren lying in pieces, meaning that the job wasn't done.

The second Hunter swiped with one hand, then the other, arms scything air instead of their target. All that strength, with nothing to hit. Jaune gave him a chance to realize the futility of his actions. It didn't take, so Jaune removed his arms.

Then, a leg, when he still wouldn't get the hint.

And that was that. He stood victorious after a short and rather unnecessary exchange, blood staining his shoes.

"There's the kickass action I was looking for! Pretty Boy's got guts after all!"

"I would have liked to see that gumption a bit earlier, Bobby, but I suppose the strong finish did offset the lukewarm performance somewhat. The brutality of the medieval weapon adds a certain je ne se quois, don't you think?"

Tuning out the emcees (who kept jabbering on instead of shutting up!), Jaune took a deep, calming breath to recenter himself. He wiped clean Crocea Mors, and returned it to his hip. Out came the Company scroll, as he waited for Tattletale to rejoin him. Once she arrived, he made a request, holding out the device to her.

"Hey, Tattletale? Can you chip in for stimpaks?"

"Hah?" She stared at him, incredulous. "Why—for them? Seriously?"

He gestured at the two men's injuries. "They're dying."

A flash of worry crossed her face, buried again just as quick.

"What happened to 'if it comes down to you or them' and giving me a gun? They chose to attack us. You didn't have a problem with killing people in Dunwall."

"That's different. They were betraying everything they stood for. Their kingdom, their people. These guys were just hired hands for a job."

"And killing us for money is…preferable?"

They did sound rather terrible when she put it like that.

"Someone else can explain it better than me," Jaune admitted. "My point is, the battle's over. We've won, so that puts us in the position to decide what happens, and while they might only be a little better than the likes of Havelock, they are better. I don't think Steelport is a very nice place."

His words didn't seem to have changed much, and her reluctance was obvious. She dithered over the scroll, frowning.

With downcast eyes, he tried again in an earnest plea. "...Please?"

He did not want to leave this universe on such a bloody note. He hated how impressed, how vindicated, the emcees sounded as they harped on about his performance. As if he had finally done something right in their eyes.

"Frigging unfair—whatever!" Tattletale stomped the ground. There was the sound of tapping on glass, and a familiar delivery box materialized in the air. She pulled out the medkit, and shoved it into his hands.

Jaune looked down at the stimpaks, then at her. "Thanks a lot, Tattletale. I owe you."

"Yeah, yeah." She crossed her arms, and turned up her nose, peeved.

The two men needed the full box of syringes between them to successfully stabilize their wounds. The limbs remained lost, and there's not much Jaune could do for that; he also did not sympathize with them to the extent of overly caring, since they had tried to murder him.

The important thing was that he had ended this day with…well, not clean hands, but at least a semi-clear veneer that would let him sleep at night. Nobody was dead because of him, that he didn't want dead because of him.

And, standing in front of the last gate, the duo of Zach and Bobby let him have it for—as they say—being just the worst buzzkill. He won't tell them how happy it made him to have pissed them off to this degree. Their raging tirades were as music to his ears.

"—no balls—"

"—our ratings are fucked because of you idiots—"

"—wouldn't last a day in Steelport—"

"—I should sue—"

"Gents! Gents! We get it, you're a bunch of spoiled manchildren. What's our final score?" Tattletale asked, voice sweet as sugar. The joy she gained from the emcees' discontent more than compensated for the lost Points, in her view, and it had earned Jaune back her favor.

"A big, fat zero!"

"You are getting nothing!"

She grinned. "Reeeally? In that case, I think my friend and I will go up to your office to discuss this, then."

Tattletale nudged him and, getting the hint, he stared directly at a camera. Drawing on the proper (depending on how one looked at it) mindset, his expression turned…unfriendly. It's a face the men were familiar with, the one he had worn earlier. He smiled, yet it failed to reach his eyes.

The shakedown went over well. Despite their big talks, Zach and Bobby changed their tunes mid-sentence, and promised the moon to avoid a face-to-face meeting. Jaune almost felt sorry for them as Tattletale shook her head at each progressively-growing number the men tossed out.

"One hundred thousand! That's our limit!"

"Any higher and you might as well come up here to chop off our arms!"

"Hmmm. Is that enough?"

Jaune pretended to think about it, then said one word. "Nah."

"Fuck…"

Zach's miserable tone conveyed what Jaune and Tattletale wanted to know. The emcees had spoken the truth; $100,000 truly was the limit. They shared a glance, and a nod.

"I feel sorry for them," said Tattletale, not looking all that sorry. "Let's be nice, and settle for this much." Needless to say, she did not look all that nice, either.

The emcees, spotting a lifeline, jumped on it.

"D-Deal! We'll send our interns down there right away!"

Ten minutes later, the doors swung apart, granting entrance to a room strewn with ribbons and confetti. A table had been set at the center of the space, atop which rested an open briefcase, the money lying in even rows. Tattletale took great pleasure in dragging out the process of counting the bills.

"Everything seems to be in order," she concluded in the end. Shutting the briefcase, she passed it to him. "We can go now, Jaune."

"Good riddance."

Tattletale paused at Zach's unwise whispered comment. Turning her head, she peered into the camera in the corner.

"Zaaaach?"

"..."

There was no answer, just two men trying their best to not let out a peep. Seeing her quarry refuse to play along, Tattletale forged ahead on her own.

"Your ex cheated on you."

They heard the sound of a hitched breath. Then, a wry chuckle as the man responded.

"...Cute try. Too bad I already came to terms with that. I'm over it."

"Oh? But did she ever tell you that she cheated on you… with Bobby?"

"How did you—I mean, that's obviously false. She's lying, Zach."

"..."

"Z-Zach? Now calm down, man, and we can talk—PUT DOWN THE CHAIR, PUT DOWN THE CHAIR!"

Jaune winced at the sound of a hard impact, and the screams that shortly followed thereafter. "Ouch. Guess you got your revenge after all."

"Hehehe! Yeah…" she happily sighed. "Their little bromance will never recover."

"How did you figure that out? What gave the secret away?"

She smirked, strutting back to the portal. "Wild ass guess. As I hear it, morals and decency are falling year after year in Steelport city. For someone who revels in that vibe, they must have accrued some skeletons in their closet. Good riddance."


-o-​


Night has fallen, and the pair of Jaune and Lisa sat slumped over the table, exhausted in both mind and body. Having showered, eaten, and rested, all they wanted to do now was chill. Decompress. Think happy thoughts. The day had been, in Lisa's eloquent words, kinda sucky.

"Never have I been so glad I lived on Earth Bet."

"Same. I'll take the Grimm over death games any day."

"Did you at least manage to steal something good?"

"Requisitioned," he corrected her.

"Whatever."

He could hear her eye-rolling from here. Somehow.

Putting out a hand, he began summoning the looted items on the table.

"I wouldn't say they're good. It's just a whole lot of firearms. Nothing fancy either."

Lisa shifted through the growing pile. "Mmhm. They're mass-produced stuff. Then again, a gun is a gun. We can use them, or sell them off in a different univeeeeerse?"

Lost for words, she—and Jaune—blinked blankly at the object he held. The bottom section looked like a simple baseball bat handle, nothing strange there. The rest of the club was…purple. Yes, that's a nice, safe word he can use. The weapon(?) had a sort of guard between the handle and the…shaft, that may be best characterized as bulbous. The length of the…tool was semi-rigid up until the last foot, where it turned soft and yielding. There was a knob on the end.

Okay, he was running out of family-friendly ways to describe the thing. It was a three-feet long, extremely detailed, floppy, rubbery dildo attached to a handle. There we go.


The Penetrator
Universe: Saints Row
Big. Veiny. Throbbing. The absurdity of a sex toy, the lethality of a baseball bat.


Lisa did not stay silent for long.

"Is, is—pffft!—is that big enough for you, Jaune?" She pounded the table, laughing to the point of tears.

Jaune opened his mouth to retort, thought over what he could possibly say that did not result in her laughing harder and his dignity in shreds, and closed his mouth. Instead, he waited for her to recover.

When she finally raised her head, he looked her straight in the eye.

"Here."

And tossed her the bat. On instinct, she grabbed it.

Her mind caught up to her body, and Lisa squawked, "What the fuck am I supposed to do with this?"

"Well, I'm not heading into battle holding a dildo-bat, so I don't really have a use for it."

"And you think I do!? This would kill me!" She then realized she was still holding the bat, and with an "Eep!" she flung it to a corner in a hurry, as if her hands had been scalded.

Neither of them knew what to do with it, so the weaponized sex toy stayed in that corner from then on.

Universe: Saints Row. Location: Steelport Film Studios.
Event: Professor Genki's Super Ethical Reality Climax.
Loot: $100,000. Assorted firearms. A dildo-bat.​


Author's Notes: Hate teleporters. Hate dual-wielders. Hate rabbits. Love me sun. Simple as.
Jaune's collecting traumas like it's going out of style.
Last edited: May 25, 2025
Stories:
QQ Sneaking His Way into the Multiverse , a RWBY Jaune, WC-lite mechanics story.
Other RWBY stories on AO3 or FF - Yakuza Arc | Conquered Menagerie: Annals of the Sixth Kingdom | Cat, Bunny, and the Good Ship Honey Starbright | The Agent
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, RSR2000, Amdiranifani and 846 others
LazyAutumnMoon
Dec 7, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 20: A Certain Otherworld Huntsman - City_of_Academia
View content
LazyAutumnMoon
LazyAutumnMoon
We all need Sundancer in our life.
JoinedJun 7, 2024
Messages289
Likes received68,284
Dec 20, 2024
Add bookmark
#501
In a flash of light, Jaune crossed through the portal to a new world, followed close by Tattletale.

Almost immediately, he ran smack-dab into the door of a public bathroom stall, his sword impaling the panel by accident. Given no warning, Tattletale slammed against him and bounced off; the back of her knees hit the toilet, and with an "Oof!" the girl fell to sit atop it. This tripped a sensor of some kind, and a set of speakers began to play a soothing melody.

The scene stopped, a tableau frozen in its track, driven by the fear that further movements could result in a cascading series of disasters to end their lives.

"That…could have gone better," said Jaune once the commotion died down, rubbing his nose. He turned to check on his companion. "Are you—" He paused, blinking. "Wow. Okay. That's the fanciest toilet I've ever seen. Are those armrests? Is that a cupholder?"

"I'm fine, by the way. Thanks for caring."

Despite her snark, Tattletale too failed to stifle an expression of awe as she twisted on the seat—nay, the throne—to check out the fixture. The embedded entertainment screen already seemed over the top for a public restroom. The outlet ports and a fan to circulate cool air, even more so. A row of buttons on an armrest tantalized the impulsive Tattletale with its mysterious features; the girl tried one, and yelped in surprise as the seat heated up. Another tentative press activated a back massaging function.

A few minutes of further poking and prodding, and the pair arrived at the same conclusion.

"Jaune, make a note. We're tearing this thing out and taking it with us."

"Definitely." He nodded, already plotting the required steps. "The apartment could use an upgrade. I'll figure out the plumbing and electrical work somehow."

"Also, we're in Japan."

"Ja-Pan. That means nothing to me."

Tattletale was happy to explain, adopting a lecturing tone. "It's a country, analogous to one of your Kingdoms in the same way that my United States is. See the characters here?" She pointed to a series of markings on the video screen. "Due to a certain watery monster you may remember and a firebreathing dragon, Brockton Bay is home to a sizable Japanese population. This matches their writing system to a tee. I've heard it said that people value cleanliness there, and they were famous back in the day for insanely high-spec toilets. We're either in Japan, or a universe that shares a lot of similarities. I'll know for sure once we see more of it."

So confidently did she declare that, yet a concrete answer eluded her grasp even after exiting the stall as all it revealed was a typical restroom, albeit sparkling clean to an unnatural degree. The sinks, mirrors, and air-dryers held no special functions of note. It rather dashed Jaune's hopes that they were visiting a futuristic universe in addition to a supernatural one—an assumption based on the Instance description of a 'magical index'. Still, a world close to the modern-day eras they came from would allow them to stock up on goods and amenities unavailable in Dunwall. Silver linings.

Whirrr…Whirrr…Whirrr…

Jaune revised his expectations upward as a waist-high cylinder rolled into the room. He tracked its movements with a wary, then later incredulous, eye as it proceeded to sweep the floor with a mop built into the bottom of its body, needing no person to control the paths where it roamed.

"A cleaning robot? Amazing! We might be in the far future after all."

Tattletale gave him an odd look. "...You seriously have never seen a roomba before?"

"You recognize it! Is this—"

"No, it's not tinkertech. We have them on Earth Bet, or something near enough. This one seems to be designed for public areas, which is new, but that's only like five years in the future max." The robot drew near and she stuck a foot out to give it a nudge, whiffing air as the contraption dodged out of the way with ease. "Okay, maybe ten, tops."

"That's wild. On Remnant, the idea of robots serving us in our daily lives is straight out of scifi. The best we've managed so far are robot soldiers."

"Excuse me, you have what?"

It became his turn to stare. "I'm getting mixed signals here. You mean, your universe created robots, and the first thing they're used for wasn't to serve as an army?"

Her head nodded up and down in a jerky motion, a response that blew him away. What a strange place, this Earth.

"What a crazy world, this Remnant."

Hey!

Tattletale's subsequent, and hilarious, claims that Earth was normal got a laugh from him, because it flew in the face of their experiences thus far (i.e. Endbringers and death games). His protests that Remnant made perfect, logical sense received a scoff in turn, which he thought was quite unreasonable of a stance for her. However, on one matter they reached an agreement, and it involved hiding access to the portal from the locals. They have yet to test whether a person can enter it by accident, and neither of them wanted to take that gamble. A raid of the supply closet nestled in the corner, and an 'Out of Order' sign now hung on the door, while yellow caution tape crisscrossed the stall top, bottom, and sides. With a job well done, the pair left the restroom behind.

A long, deserted hallway greeted the pair. It's possible they were underground, as artificial light provided the sole source of illumination. That said, careful placement ensured the hall was bright as day.

Jaune happened to look above, seeing a restroom sign—blue, with two spindly legs. A few yards over was a similar sign in pink. One end of the hall sported a door with a red sign, and though he cannot understand the words, the picture of a cartoonish hand gesturing to halt sufficiently explained the message: do not enter unless they have business there. He and Tattletale debated going inside anyway, and would have had it not been for the alarm system visible next to the door.

The other direction terminated in a turn. That became their new destination.

Whirrr…Whirrr…Whirrr…

The faint mechanical sound accompanied Jaune as he strolled along the passage. Beside him sat Tattletale, who kept pace with both feet off the ground; beneath her, the cleaning robot continued rolling on without a word of protest.

"Wheee!"

Tattletale leaned back in the air and kicked her legs, appearing for all the world like she was having a blast. Appearing, since a good half the fun came from her observing his reaction. The concept of riding on the 'roomba' had been his to start with, a spur of the moment impulse that had fast transformed into disappointment as the thing refused to move an inch under his weight, motor whining during the struggle. It worked fine for her, though, and she was currently taking great delight in rubbing his face in that fact, beaming with pure smugness whenever she catches his envious glance. (Because, really, who hasn't dreamt of riding a robot?)

It soon became too much and, miffed, he mustered the deep and authoritative 'team leader voice' heeded by all of JNPR to reprimand her. "We can't afford to mess around, Tattletale. Danger could lie just past the corner. Be serious."

"Oh my, you sound sooo mature~" Tattletale fanned herself with a hand. "I'll do whatever you say, right away, sir!" She then blew a raspberry. "Did you really think putting on a sexy voice is all leadership is?"

Shrugging, he replied, "Eh, worth a shot. It worked for Pyrrha."

His steps slowed for a fraction of a second as the gravity of Tattletale's offhand comment struck him. The sexy voice worked for Pyrrha!

Mind racing, he delved further into the implications of that, exploring the whys and wherefores, and was on the verge of what felt like a breakthrough when Tattletale steered the roomba so she could bump him on the side.

"That girl's probably just another goody-two-shoes," she accused. "Always listening to her teachers, I'll bet."

Jaune opened his mouth to protest before recalling the events of his last day on Remnant, and where it led regarding the state of Pyrrha's soul. In hindsight, his Beacon partner did have a tendency to go along with the expectation of others.

"I can't say you're wrong." Ruefully, he hung his head low. Dark rain clouds began to gather above him. "Damn, that sure puts things in perspective. I wonder if I was doing a bad job…"

Before he could fall into a moody funk, Tattletale patted him on the arm. "Don't sweat it. A huge part of being a leader is presenting the right image. Buy better clothes, get a haircut, and you're halfway there."

"...What's wrong with my hair?"

She raised an eyebrow to make him feel very self-conscious.

"It's not that bad!" he insisted. "A lot of people in Vale have this style!"

His confidence faltered when she simply turned to look straight ahead and, without replying, urged the robot to go faster. Jaune hurried to keep pace, walking whilst pulling strands of hair in front of his face to study them.

As they approached the turn, they started to catch the sound of human presence. A decent-sized crowd, judging by the babble of voices, and lacking in panic or other worrisome emotions that might spell trouble for the pair. A peek around the corner confirmed that heartening bit of news.

Before their eyes laid neither battle nor danger, only the sight of ordinary people going about their day. The pair stumbled out of cover, heads on a swivel as they entered an indoor plaza surrounded by shops ranging from book sellers to music stores to cafes to arcades, with avenues branching off the area lined by even more businesses to create an entire neighborhood. Colorful displays advertised a multitude of different products, peppy pop songs blared from shop speakers to compete for attention, and cartoon mascots performed for the crowd. Of the scents, Jaune detected hamburgers, pizzas, stir-fries, and baked sweets among a dozen other fares.

A number of staircases around the perimeter allowed access to different levels. Sunlight filtered into the underground space from the sets of steps leading above, while a nearby map detailed two additional floors below this one, as well as revealing the true extent of the labyrinthine structure they were inside—the passages spanned entire city blocks to connect similar plazas. Hundreds of people walked to and fro. They browsed and ate food, chatted and told jokes, with most of them wearing what looked like school uniforms.

His heart clenched at the scene. He didn't see the deals or unreadable words or unfamiliar brands. As he watched life go by, its myriad worries and troubles oh so mundane, Jaune saw peace.

Something within him—a coiled tension that has held tight ever since the first shot was fired to kick off the battle for Beacon, that has not relented even in the quiet moments—slowly ebbed until he stood at complete ease, and he broke into a carefree smile.

Academy City, huh? This could be a wonderful day.

Tattletale had a different perspective.

"Uhhh, Jaune?" she called, her voice soft and hesitant as she tugged on his sleeve.

He turned his head to look at her. The girl was squirming in her seat, somewhat curling into herself.

"What's up?"

"Funny thing, they don't seem to have capes here. Or Huntsmen. Which is why we're standing out...a little too much." Face growing red, she pointed a finger.

As the pair studied their surroundings, so too had their surroundings taken notice of them. Although, it would be more apt to say that she was the one receiving the brunt of the scrutiny. Jaune might garner a number of glances that he chalked down to Crocea Mors on his hips, but it paled in comparison with the sheer amount of gawking stares leveled at Tattletale. True to the name, the vast majority of Academy City's people seemed to be students in their teenage years, and she with her spandex catsuit had captured the complete and incredulous focus of the boys in the crowd.

Food and scrolls—phones—fell from slack grips to hit the floor. Some students would shake or slap the shoulders of their oblivious friends to get them to shut up and look. Conversations halted, or broke out in fierce whispers. Others met with mishap due to distraction, such as the boy with pointy black hair who had tripped over a bench to faceplant on the tiles; the girl beside him missed the incident, her mouth flapping wordlessly as she stared at Tattletale's attire in a stupor.

Jaune searched for something to say. "Didn't you grab every chance you got to show off in Dunwall? I thought you loved attention." He distinctly recalled Tattletale preening whenever she stood under the spotlight.

"Not like this!" she cried, embarrassment written clear across her face.

Then again, he supposed that particular spotlight had involved Tattletale wowing the audience with her deductions, impressing upon them that she above all was the smartest person in the room. The people in their vicinity didn't see her as a borderline psychic. Nor did they take one look at her costume and immediately regard her a cool and mysterious supervillainess the way a typical bystander would back on Earth Bet. Here, to them, she was just a weirdo wearing skimpy clothing amidst a sea of normal civilians. The line between superhero fashion and that may be subtle, but there was a difference, nevertheless.

"Would you like to borrow my poncho?" Jaune offered.

"Yes, please! Right about now would be nice!"

Hopping off of the roomba to let it zoom away, Tattletale donned in a hurry the Panacea Poncho he passed to her. Black, purple, red, white, the combination of her costume and the outer garment resulted in a clash of colors that hurt the eyes, though Jaune doubted that was the reason said eyes shifted to him. The grief and jealousy within those gazes, along with the piteous outcry from all directions, told him he had not gained any favors with the guys present.

Rosy-cheeked, Tattletale ignored them with a careful deliberateness, and proceeded to remove her utility belt along with her various weaponry to hand them over to him. "Take these, and hide your sword, too. A couple of people are starting to think about calling the cops."

A quick glance corroborated her warning. Heeding her, he grabbed the lot and departed to duck behind the corner they came from. Once away from prying eyes, the objects disappeared into his Pocket between one stride and the next. A tap on Crocea Mors sent it to the same location, and he pivoted on his heel to walk back out empty-handed.

Totally smooth and not suspicious, at all.

In his brief absence, Tattletale had wandered off to study the map. Looking rather endearing in the voluminous poncho, she summed up her findings as he regrouped with her.

"The whole place is one big mall."

"Cool. We can get our shopping done, then. You see a clothing store anywhere? I would love a few extra pairs of jeans. Mine won't last much longer."

He had started out wearing jeans that were already ripped, and the holes kept getting bigger with each passing universe. It had stopped being a fashion statement after a certain point, and ended up as just raggedy pants.

Indicating her, he added, "You could also do with a less conspicuous outfit, and casualwear in newer styles than a century ago."

"We'll put a list together," she agreed. "I think clothes would be easy to find. It's things like furniture that we might have trouble getting our hands on." Catching the question he was about to ask, she explained, "So far, nine out of ten people passing by are students. The mall is obviously catering to them, and that means selling stuff that teenagers can afford and want. Why do you think not a single person within sight has made a big purchase?"

He hadn't noticed that detail to begin with, and she very well knew it.

"And here I was looking forward to a bed of my own. How inconvenient."

She shrugged. "That's not to say we won't find a store elsewhere. Just not here."

"Let's put a pin on it. Space is limited in the Pocket, and I don't fancy lugging a mattress across half the city. Furniture isn't critical, anyway. Our first stop should be a weapons shop, then a blacksmith. We can offload some of our guns and now you're giving me a weird look what did I say?"

"I'm pretty sure we won't find either of those, and if you try to sell firearms, the cops will probably get involved. Think of it as another difference between Earth and Remnant." She burst into tinkling laughter as he sighed. "I keep telling you, your world is the strange one!"

"Uh-huh. You told me about the turducken, Tattletale. As far as I'm concerned, that forever disqualifies Earth from the label of 'normal'."

"It's delicious, and therefore deserves an exception."

"Agree to disagree."

"No. I'm right and you're wrong," she asserted, crossing her arms while displaying a cheeky grin, daring him to argue that fact of life.

Knowing well the uphill struggle of persuading an Annoying Blonde otherwise, Jaune rolled his eyes, and dropped a hand on her head to ruffle her hair.

Tattletale stared.

He retracted his hand. "I…didn't mean to do that."

"Right. Um." Tattletale swallowed. "Come on, we're wasting time standing around like this. I know just where to hit up first."

Jaune grabbed onto her attempt to divert the awkward atmosphere with both hands. Following the direction she pointed, he observed the store. Tucked between a restaurant and a sports equipment retailer, it was easy to miss, with a small interior populated by a counter, a few chairs, a magazine rack, and two shelves of those phone devices. A banner on the floor-to-ceiling glass window showcased the season's newest models.

"A phone's the window to a font of information, and the perfect start to let us search for clues on what's worth taking from this world. There hasn't been a hint of magic yet, so it may be hidden, and I'd prefer to not waste time running blind. Since I figured you would object to pickpocketing it from somebody"—That got an emphatic nod from Jaune—"we'll buy one. Oh, and keep an eye out for if they have a pair of walkie-talkies for sale. They're usually cheap and I think there's a fair chance it would work in other worlds. A means of communication between us is important."

The plan sounded as good as any, so Jaune quickly voiced his endorsement. They crossed the plaza together, and thankfully drew less attention now that the passersby understood the show was over. Their blond hair seemed to be a sticking point, though.

Hair colors were…strange in the wider universes. Of the various places he visited, they had been on the drab side, with three or four dominant hues. Japan featured the smallest range of differences thus far—mainly shades of black or brown. Maybe blondes were a rarity here?

As they approached the shop, Tattletale cautioned him, "We might encounter a problem with the currency. Let's see how it shakes out, 'kay?"

"Why would that be? We have Earth money."

"Dollars," she corrected. "And first of all, that doesn't work everywhere on the planet."

"Eh? Of course it would. Money's money."

"You use the same currency in all the Kingdoms, don't you? Well, it's not how it works on Earth. Each country prints their own."

Jaune tried to wrap his head around that new information. It sounded a little unbelievable. "But why?"

"A lot of civilizations sprouted up in relative isolation. They devised money for their people to use in their economy, and that went on for ages. By the time the countries began heavy trading, it's already established practice that every nation generally creates a separate currency, as a matter of pride if not practicality."

"You said there's trade now, so people must have a way to spend the money they earn from other countries. Can we exchange dollars for yens? Is that a thing?"

Tattletale nodded. "Banks provide that service." Then, she winced. "Second issue is, we have another Earth's money. A bank would definitely catch it and think we're counterfeiters. Exchanging the gold is our best bet, but that attracts its own scrutiny from the authorities. A easier option is to go to a pawnshop, they tend to ask fewer questions…"

"Works for me."

"Unfortunately, I don't think we would find a place operating aboveboard in Academy City."

He cocked his head, confused. Realization dawned a moment later. "Pawnshops are one of those businesses that wouldn't cater to students."

"Exactly. If one exists here, I bet you it's closely regulated by the government to prevent their precious kiddies from getting scammed. The criminals would run the other sort."

Illegal fences, she meant. And that brought its own troubles, going by the movies.

"What does this leave us with?"

Flashing a grin, she declared, "Confidence."

Tattletale tossed her hair over her shoulder, and strutted into the phone store as if she owned it. The cool rush of the shop's air conditioning wafted over the pair. As the electronic tone of the doorbell chimed, the store clerk sitting behind the counter—goofing off work and perusing a magazine—turned to them with a customer service smile.

"Irasshaimase!"

Fucking what?

Jaune whirled to stare at Tattletale, who accepted the unknown and otherworldly sentence without missing a beat, dipping her head in a low nod.

"Hi there!" she chirped.

That, he understood, and the two words had the impact of a slap on the clerk's budding sales pitch. The smile slipped from the face of the young woman, and she adopted a more hesitant mien.

"Oh…ah…hel-lo."

The ensuing conversation proceeded at an odd pace, with the employee speaking in a halting lilt whilst responding to Tattletale's innocuous requests. She's nervous. Jittery. It set off immediate alarm bells in Jaune's mind, and he soon disengaged from their back and forth to scan the shop with a careful eye.

What cause was there for the wariness against Jaune and Tattletale? All that his companion had said was a friendly greeting. The tensed reaction denoted that the pair has done something wrong, or been where they were not supposed to be. The first suspicion he arrived at prompted him to sneak a surreptitious glance behind the counter, on the lookout for the dead body of the real clerk.

…Okay, so the woman was likely the actual one. Phew.

Still, that did not solve the mystery before him, and the increasing frustration of Tattletale compounded the problem. Cracks were forming in her confidence act as time went on. Gold coins dropped one by one onto the counter, and was met with consternation on the part of the clerk. Rather than accepting them, she insisted on pushing the coins back to them, shaking her head in refusal no matter how Tattletale tried to sweeten the deal. Something about it being beyond the employee's…something.

The words were garbled, okay? Hell, quite a bit of it didn't sound like any vocabulary he knew, as far as he could tell. Were they cyphers?

Meanwhile, Tattletale plonked down the fifth coin. "There. All real gold. Get it appraised, call in an expert, whatever you want. We're good for it."

The situation came to a head. Jaune could sense it, the final straw as the clerk prepared to ask them to leave, or call the authorities.

Then, someone behind them cut in, speaking in a crisp and clear tone, the words recognizable.

"Ahem. I can exchange that with yen for you."

Everyone in the shop spun to look at the newcomer.

Chestnut colored hair, adorned by a flower hair clip. School uniform—red bow tie, blazer, and pleated skirt. The girl standing there was younger than them by a few years. On her delicate face was a smug grin that would do Tattletale proud.

Her appearance pinged his memory, and a peek over her head confirmed the presence of a boy with pointy black hair, shoulders slumped and wearing a suffering expression. The one who had performed a most glorious faceplant on catching sight of Tattletale in her costume.

The girl was still waiting for an answer, and so Jaune said, "Really?"

"Wait," interrupted Tattletale. "She has a motive." Adopting a detective pose of a hand on her chin and a piercing gaze, she studied their would-be benefactor. "She's not doing this out of the kindness—not only out of the kindness of her heart," she amended, relaxing.

The female student clapped her hands together. "I see you understand! Tell me, have you heard of the pair contract promotion?"

"Oh, here and there," Tattletale lied. "So, your offer has to do with that. You are"—following a minute cue, her eyes flicked to the nearby poster plastered on the window—"doing this for a…a toy?" Here, she faltered.

Jaune gave the poster a glance. It featured two frog-like things attached to straps, next to a pair of phones. One frog was green, and rather basic in appearance. The other was pink, with a red bow behind its head.

"That's right!" declared the kind stranger. "The commission fee for the First Bank of Academy City's Number Three Esper is the Gekota straps, available today if you sign up for a pair contract!"

"Don't these frogs seem, I don't know, a little childish?" Jaune commented.

Suddenly, the lights overhead flickered, and the smell of ozone filled the store.

"It's not! You better take that back right now!" Sparks of electricity flashed around the girl as she stamped her foot.

Oh hey, there's that magic they were looking for.


Universe: A Certain Magical Index. Location: Academy City. Event: September 30​


Author's Notes: Irasshaimase? What nefarious intentions does this store clerk have, to speak in a secret code!?
.

Jaune—I…didn't mean to do that.
Tattletale—Fuck you, do it again!
*Headpats ensue*
.

As mentioned, from Christmas to the end of January, I will be off to explore new lands!...that other people have been to, and settled, and built countries on. Anyway, it's rather hard to say how updates will go, but this will for sure get me a few ideas for writing.
Last edited: Apr 4, 2025
Stories:
QQ Sneaking His Way into the Multiverse , a RWBY Jaune, WC-lite mechanics story.
Other RWBY stories on AO3 or FF - Yakuza Arc | Conquered Menagerie: Annals of the Sixth Kingdom | Cat, Bunny, and the Good Ship Honey Starbright | The Agent
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, RSR2000, Amdiranifani and 820 others
LazyAutumnMoon
Dec 20, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 21: A Certain Otherworld Huntsman - We_Never_Learn
View content
LazyAutumnMoon
LazyAutumnMoon
We all need Sundancer in our life.
JoinedJun 7, 2024
Messages289
Likes received68,284
Jan 30, 2025
Add bookmark
#562
*Zap!*

Such was the sound of a delicate maiden's heart overcome by anger, at least in regards to 'Academy City's #3 Esper'.

*Bang!*

And that, was the sound of a delicate maiden's 50,000 electrical volts—or about the strength of a taser—striking an inch from Jaune's feet as he tap-danced on the floor tiles of the phone store.

"Well?" asked the peeved and trigger-happy magical girl claiming to be an esper, arms crossed. "Are you going to take back your words?"

Yes, please have mercy, he intended to say, but—prompted by a nagging thought that wouldn't go away—what came out was, "Isn't this just proving my point!? What kind of person would throw a tantrum over being called childish, except someone who's childish?"

"Ohmigod, Jaune, shut up!" cried Tattletale as more electricity ripped through the room.

(In truth, nothing and nobody had been hit yet, and had Jaune and Tattletale calmed down they would have noticed it. But lightning was lightning, a terror to behold.)

As he twirled and dipped in a manner reminiscent of a jester performing at the royal court, complete with an imperious tyrant watching on to cast judgment, Jaune looked toward the opposite side of the room for aid. The other boy, the one in a navy blue school uniform, had grabbed the store employee at the first hint of trouble and taken cover over there. They hid behind the counter now, with the part-timer leaning into that boy's arms. He might be mistaken, but she seemed to be blushing up a storm as she squirmed and fidgeted in the protective embrace. Before Jaune could even say anything, the boy gave a short bow in apology and slooowly withdrew his head below the counter, out of view.

Well, alright then.

In that case, what of his partner in crime? His boon companion, Tattletale? No doubt, she would have a plan to rescue him from this mess.

He spotted her nearby, notably out of the line of fire, having squeezed herself into a corner. Their eyes met, and she gave him a thumbs-up of encouragement.

No, seriously, he could use some support right now. Do more, dammit.

To his surprise, she did. Superpowered intuition had deciphered his silent message from across the distance, letting the heartfelt(?) plea reach her. Tattletale made her move.

She raised a second thumb.

"You can do it. Don't give up!"

He really wanted to give up.

-o-​

Handy Antenna pair contract, requirement #3: Submit a two shot photo

A duo stood in the frame, boy and girl, with the girl elbowing the boy aside to put herself front and center. The boy was retaliating by pinching her cheek, while she shoved a hand in his face.

"This misfortunate Touma cannot tell if they get along, or if they want to fight each other."
—Kamijou Touma, amateur photographer.

-o-​

"Uhehehe, Gekota~!"

Academy City was a strange place. Magic lived in plain sight here under the guise of science. Putting the illogical nature aside, it's rather like a Semblance in practice, unique yet ubiquitous, and nobody in the vicinity had batted an eye at the electric light show of 'Academy City's #3 Esper', Misaka Mikoto. Thankfully, her attention span anger possessed a duration lasting about as long as one of her lightning bolts, and all parties had soon reached an accord.

The girl's unhealthy obsession helped him there. A frog in hand was worth two locked behind the store shelves, or however the adage went, and Misaka had her priorities straight. At the moment, she was preoccupied by the two sets of frog-themed phone straps which she held out on either sides of her, looking from one to the other with a sparkle in her eyes and forgiveness in her heart…along with a face that a person should never make in public, of adoration bordering on mania.

She was panting. It's really not a good look.

Jaune and the rest of the group watched on, meandering outside of the phone store a mere few yards from the earlier excitement. What did it say about the people of Academy City, that they can just look past a person going on a rampage as if it were another Tuesday? In Vale, a bystander would have the presence of mind to call the police. Here, the part-timer simply got back to work with a little persuasion from the pointy-haired boy rounding out their quartet. Even now, the people passing by paid little attention to the mad giggles and fawning of an obsessed fan clutching her prizes, at best giving her a wide berth.

After a minute of bearing witness to the childish (though never tell her that) girl's steady descent into her own world, Jaune sidled over to Tattletale, and whispered, "Should we be worried?"

"Nah, it's fine. We've just become her favorite people on Earth, is all," replied Tattletale as she continued tap-tap-tapping away on her new phone. The girl moonlighting as a supervillainess currently disguised as an ordinary girl had been unable to put the device down from the moment she unboxed the thing. Her fingers danced on the screen at blazing speed, and her eyes never strayed far from it for long. Rather offhandedly, she added, "Well, her favorite barring a certain someone, of course."

Those words turned Misaka so pale that Jaune would believe her a ghost and, with a squeak, the girl fumbled everything she held. She dove after the frogs a split second later, getting them back in the air before they could hit the ground, and between juggling them she stammered out a rapid-fire string of denials.

"I-I-I have no idea what you are talking about! None at all! Who is my favorite? Him!?" She whipped her head towards the subject in question standing by her side, then whirled back at them. "That must be a joke, who would like him, there is nothing going on here, we wouldn't make a good couple anyway…w-would we?" She half-asked, half-pleaded that last bit, peering up with an unmistakable anticipation at the same boy she had so fervently protested an attraction to, as if to give him the opportunity to refute those claims and sweep her into his arms.

Blink, blink. The boy stared at them all, total incomprehension written clear across his face.

Jaune grimaced, at first believing it a deliberate act put on to avoid having to reject the girl outright. As time passed with the other boy just tilting his head without any sign of recognizing the awkward silence, Jaune came around to the idea that it was genuine. The guy did not understand the situation. This was further bolstered by how Misaka reacted to him. Rather than taking offense, she sagged her shoulders, and sighed. On her face, relief warred with disappointment.

My, how complicated, and certainly not something he wanted to get in the middle of. Jaune shot Tattletale an unamused look for her part in instigating this scene, and cut into the conversation to change the subject.

"Well, putting that aside—"

"...my love life is something that can be put aside…"

"Putting that aside," he stressed, "here is the coin, as agreed." His hand reached inside an empty pocket, pretending to rummage while he summoned a gold coin from his otherworldly dimensional space. According to Tattletale, its value more than paid for the two phones and a contract plan, but they had deemed it a fair price in the circumstances. The alternative was an exchange rate of zero, with maybe a stay in a police station. Having someone to deal with the paperwork was great, too, since they couldn't read a single line of the contract. He passed it over to Misaka, who shook off her malaise to adopt an expression of great interest. "Get it checked if you need to, but I guarantee you it's real."

She studied the coin, tracing a thumb over the surface. With a soft glow, sparks of electricity crackled back and forth along the metal.

Out of the corner of his eyes, Jaune noted a band of delinquent-looking teens walking down the nearby flight of stairs into the Underground Mall. They saw the burst of electricity, and it prompted them to study Misaka in close detail. Recognition soon dawned, after which the horrified boys fell to infighting as each sought the privilege of escaping up the staircase first. The byplay suggested that their dainty acquaintance had a reputation.

With a hum of satisfaction, Misaka tucked the coin away in her purse. "No need for that. This is real gold."

"How can you—"

"Conductivity," interrupted Tattletale to answer him.

Misaka showed a moment of surprise, which turned into an enthusiastic nod.

"That's right! Gold carries a conductivity of 4.5x10^7 Siemens per meter. At current temperature and for a sample the size of that coin, the rate at which a spark travels through the coin can determine the purity of the gold content. It's a pretty reliable test, as counterfeiters generally use brass or nickel to create fake gold, and both are worse conductors in comparison. I have heard that one of Academy City's universities made breakthroughs on an alloy with similar properties to gold, although the rarity of it means that it would be worth a lot more right now. Of course, within a temperature range of zero to ten degree Celcius you can mimic something that can pass a basic conductivity test to a certain extent with a 4:4:1:1 ratio of—"

The explanation devolved into a slew of scientific babble that made Jaune's head spin, composed of more numbers than words. On Tattletale's end, she didn't contribute much to the discussion either. In fact, her face had started to develop an unfriendly blankness, the smile turning wooden. Jaune spied her hands twitching, before they came up to give a short three claps of applause that stopped Misaka mid-sentence.

"Precisely what I was about to say," Tattletale sweetly chirped. "Maybe you have a calling as an appraiser. It'd certainly be more useful than the zaps you were sending off at us."

Misaka frowned. It wasn't hard to get the impression that the compliment sounded…patronizing, and just a tad insincere.

*Crackle*

Locks of her short, brown hair briefly rose upward.

Jaune found it fascinating. Not the hair—he had seen better—but the activation of her power. It flowed with a natural ease, smooth to a degree that Semblances had a hard time imitating. There had been no telltale glow to the eyes, nor a hint of meditative concentration. The maneuver seemed to occur on an almost instinctual level.

"That was me going easy on you," Misaka retorted. "I'm a Level Five, one of only seven in Academy City. They call me the Railgun. You wouldn't want to see me at my full power."

"A railgun?" Jaune asked. "As in…" He gulped at the way she grinned. Could he survive the equivalent of a weapon designed to be strapped on an Atlas airship as the main cannon? Doubtful. "How on Remnant is that fair?" he murmured to himself.

As soon as he said it, he realized his mistake. The soft, jazzy music playing from the mall's overhead speakers had failed to sufficiently drown out a turn of phrase that did not make sense outside of his home universe. Already, he could see Misaka mouthing the word 'Remnant', seeming to wonder if she had misheard.

Tattletale came to his rescue. "Yeah, it's amazing how big our world is! The brochures say 'esper', but it really is different in person, huh?" she gushed, hiding any bad feelings she directed at Misaka earlier to sell the distraction. "The evening news makes it sound like parlor tricks, sometimes. Who woulda thought it can get so strong?" She then angled her head so the two locals would not see, and sent Jaune a sharp glance, eyes narrowed and one corner of her lips down-turned. A warning. Don't let your ignorance show.

"Right, what Tattletale said." He winced as the glance became a full-on glare.

"Tattletale?" Misaka asked.

He quickly lied, "A nickname."

Tattletale chimed in, "Yup, it's a term of endearment he uses for me. I actually go by Taylor."

Now it was Jaune's turn to stare. Why did she always insist on giving a false identity?

Leaning down, he muttered in her ear, "Lisa—"

"I told you, it's Tattletale while I'm on the job," she whispered back.

"Then, Tattletale—"

"Except when I don't have my mask during a job, then it's Taylor."

"I think I'm just going to call you Bob," he deadpanned. "Seriously, though, does it matter? There aren't heroes or villains to use your real identity against you in this universe."

"It's the principle of the thing!" she insisted, which did not clarify much in his opinion.

"Um, excuse me."

At that, they both snapped to casual poses, and displayed their best innocent smiles for Misaka. Jaune rather thought he succeeded at it better than Tattletale did.

"So you're…"

"I'm Taylor." / "She's Taylor."

"...Uh-huh, and he's…"

"Jaune." Wait, was he also supposed to give a fake name? Too late now. "No nickname to speak of. Thanks a lot for helping us out, Misaka." Jaune then turned to the one person left unnamed in their group, letting him get a chance to introduce himself.

The other boy had not spoken much—or at all—and in fact gave no indication of following the conversation, instead awkwardly browsing on his phone. He continued typing for a while, before he noticed all the attention on him, whereupon he shoved the phone in a pocket and pretended (badly) that he was a contributing part of the group this whole time. Growing flustered under their scrutiny, he peered from one face to the next as if searching for a hint of the current topic.

Jaune decided to help out. "I'm Jaune. Good to meetcha."

Epiphany struck like a bolt from the blue. The other boy dropped a fist into his palm, nodding his head. With complete confidence, he pointed to himself, and said, "Mai namu Kamijou Touma." Both hands tapped his chest, then extended out towards Jaune and Tattletale. "Naice to mit you."

The area around them grew still. The rest of the mall carried on a lively hubbub, but within their group, silence reigned supreme for a good long moment until Jaune broke it.

"Errrr, what?" was his witty response.

Undeterred, the other boy gave a second attempt, "How is doing you?"

Jaune coughed, and scratched his cheek. "That's, uh, that's a rather bold thing to ask. Is this a normal topic to talk about in Japan?"

In tandem, Tattletale and Misaka facepalmed, the latter groaning as her not-crush resorted to using gestures to help convey his meaning—which didn't actually help and almost resulted in him slapping Jaune with his right hand by accident, with Jaune dodging at the last second.

"I am so sorry for this idiot, please do not mind him," Misaka said, walking over and issuing a string of rebukes to the boy currently wriggling like a worm.

Jaune frowned as he listened in. The things she said kind of sounded like words, yet they also did not.

Something odd was going on here. The phenomenon reminded Jaune of their earlier experience in the phone store, where what should have been a normal conversation saw a complete breakdown of communication. He looked around the Underground Mall, noting again the writing that seemed closer to art, recalling the contract they signed that used the same letters. He pricked his ears to catch the conversations of people passing by, conversations where he failed to pick out a recognizable word, meaning that the part-timer and his new acquaintances were not isolated cases. The clues began to shape up a loose picture, not quite complete. It was enough to make a guess.

He tapped Tattletale on the shoulder, and said quietly, "Could there…I know this might sound insane, but could there be such a thing as a second language?"

That got a laugh from her. "Are you kidding? There's a whooole lot more than two. You remember what I said about currencies? In a way, it goes back to that. Ours is called English, and they're talking in Japanese over there."

And that was the mystery solved.

"How do people between countries do anything with each other?" he asked in incredulity.

"We learn their language. Duh."

His world had not needed to do anything of the sort, and Jaune wondered if they were better or worse for that. On Remnant, everyone used the same language. He wanted to say it was easier. No matter where a person hailed from, they could communicate with other people. Here, barriers existed to make it harder for people to connect.

Yet, was Earth not admirable, nevertheless? How kind people were, to make the effort for one another. His world might have offered a simpler solution, but nobody ever saw the words they say as a point of commonality, or an opportunity to foster understanding.

After he mentioned it, Tattletale reflected on the notion. "That's a little too idealistic, but I can't say it's totally wrong. I've heard from people that knowing more than one tongue opens a person's mind. The difference in worldviews enhances one's sense of perspective or something. They question more, doubt more, think more."

"Do you know a second language?"

"Even better." She puffed out her chest, smirking. "I'm fluent in a universal language. Body language. It lets me grasp the true intent of the person, no matter how well they lie."

"Does that really count?" Jaune asked, more than a little skeptical. "What's he saying, then?"

He indicated the wriggling worm that has yet to give up on talking to them despite knowing not a lick of their language. An 'A' for effort, though perhaps a 'D' at best on a test.

"Heh. Easy-peasy. He's…" Tattletale stared. Then she stared some more. Jaune was about to press the point when a commotion broke out.

"Aaaargh!" Misaka yelled, hands going up to violently rub her hair, her patience exhausted.

"He's being stupid."

"Can't argue with that."

With a hop, Misaka grabbed onto the boy's waving arm, holding it still. Uncaring of how it looked to other people, she plunged a hand into his pocket, and over his protests she rummaged around. Out came his phone, and Misaka began pressing buttons, the furious click-clacks ending with a melodious jingle. She slapped it back into the boy's hand.

"There, it's done!"

Jaune jolted at the overlapping voices. One was hers, quieter and saying something in 'Japanese' as Tattletale called it. The second voice was also hers, and it spoke in 'English', louder and coming from a slightly different place from the girl. It did not match the movements of her lips, and carried a subtle electronic twang that was almost imperceptible.

"Your phone has a translation app! Use it!"

"Whoa! Since when was that there?" said a deeper voice, belonging to the boy. As clued in by Misaka, it emanated from the small device he was holding.

"Are you a Neanderthal? It's included by default on pretty much every device sold in Academy City for the last two years!"

On the sideline, a flabbergasted Tattletale delved into her own phone in search of the translation app. Jaune hastily copied her, navigating to an icon bearing—for whatever reason—a cutesy cartoon cat. A press, and a light green screen appeared, crisscrossed by lines. He checked with Tattletale, whose phone displayed an identical image. The lines on her screen oscillated when she tried talking into it.

"Testing. Testing. Am I talking in Japanese?"

"Yes, you are," answered both Misaka and the other boy, the latter giving a thumbs-up for emphasis.

"Holy crap!" Tattletale exclaimed in utter delight.

Jaune peeked over her shoulder. "I'm guessing this is new for you?"

"We don't have software anywhere close to this." She observed the two locals, and the way they kept pace with her words without confusion. "And it's not simply translating! Languages have different rules and order of tenses. A sentence in English might only make sense in Japanese after you write out the entire thing. But here, there's a delay of less than a second before the app starts talking. It must have a predictive component, analyzing the inflections and speech patterns of the speaker to figure out what they might say next. That's why the output content sounds so natural!"

"Okay."

"Okay!? Is that all you have to say? This is groundbreaking!"

"I'm going to be honest here, Tattletale. I have no frame of reference for anything you just said."

Misaka heard that, and she chuckled. "Not many would. Academy City products are estimated to be twenty to thirty years ahead of the wider world. A lot of them are still in the experimental stage, so you might get a version like it released in America in a decade. The adaptive learning component works best when the app is exclusive to one person. The program refines itself over time, and at a certain point it should achieve a 99.9% accuracy rate, according to the developer." She sniffed disdainfully at Jaune. "Can your supposed 'better phone' do that?"

She seemed to have held a grudge over him calling the phones in the store 'low-tech'. In his defense, they very much were when compared to a scroll, looking like bricks with their bulky metal and plastic frames. If that was the top of the line, then how long would it take for Hardlight screens to become commonplace?

But that was from a hardware perspective. Provided an example of what an Earth phone can do, Jaune now studied the device in his hand with a critical eye, browsing over the menus with a sense of awe.

Scrolls didn't possess even a rudimentary program that can provide translation services. Because, again, Remnant had one language. They didn't need such an app.

They could do with a lot of these other ones, though.

A glance through the app store and Jaune concluded that on the software side, Earth was insane. Perhaps it was a demonstration of how a world with a hundred different languages and a hundred different Kingdoms would develop, but the variety of options boggled the mind. Apps for things he never thought needed an app, or was possible to turn into an app. Education courses and physical wellness trainers that meant a phone could perform the function of a school for its owner. Dozens of cybersecurity programs as opposed to Remnant's single one, to turn this device into a digital fortress. Games in the thousands that would take multiple lifetimes to play. It's like there's no such thing as a monopoly. Competition taken to a level he cannot fathom.

One development in particular, he thought, was critical and should be introduced to Remnant as soon as possible when he returned home. The Handy Antenna service was part of the pair contract package, along with the Gekota frog straps that Misaka coveted. It worked by transforming every phone into a short-range relay. With two phones, that was similar to a pair of walkie-talkies in practice, eminently useful for Jaune and Tattletale as they traveled to new universes. With more units, they connected one by one to form a web until a city could maintain its network from one end to the other despite the absence of a signal tower. Spread relay devices out over the Grimmlands, and in theory the whole world would enjoy service without the need to build expensive, vulnerable CCT towers that required defending from the Grimm. It's no weapon to help him save Beacon, but it could have massive implications for his world.

All in all, Misaka Mikoto had good cause to be proud of her people's ingenuity, and his admission of that sentiment launched her mood to the stratosphere.

"I told you so~" she boasted.

He could have done without the smug, though.

"Ugh. So annoying." / "Ugh. So annoying."

The two boys of the group blinked, then shared a look. They had spoken with identical tones, emulated by their phones, full of world-weary experience.

"You too?" the other boy asked.

Jaune nodded, and jerked a thumb at Tattletale. Nothing needed to be said.

They maintained silent eye contact for a while longer. Then, as one, they moved to stand in front of each other.

"Kamijou Touma."

"Once again, Jaune Arc."

Jaune offered a handshake, hesitating as Kamijou responded with a bow. Adjusting, he copied the motion, retracting his hand just as Kamijou extended his own, fingers barely missing. They stopped, stared, then broke into laughter. Already, a sense of camaraderie was forming.

Like recognized like, it seemed.

A similar thing was taking place with Tattletale and Misaka. The two girls stood side by side, arms crossed and leveling flat stares at their companions.

"You have it hard."

"Likewise. My sympathies."

Author's Notes: Back. ∠ "( — ⌓ — )
Last edited: Jan 31, 2025
Stories:
QQ Sneaking His Way into the Multiverse , a RWBY Jaune, WC-lite mechanics story.
Other RWBY stories on AO3 or FF - Yakuza Arc | Conquered Menagerie: Annals of the Sixth Kingdom | Cat, Bunny, and the Good Ship Honey Starbright | The Agent
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, RSR2000, Amdiranifani and 901 others
LazyAutumnMoon
Jan 30, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 22. A Certain Otherworld Huntsman - A_Railgun's_Romance
View content
LazyAutumnMoon
LazyAutumnMoon
We all need Sundancer in our life.
JoinedJun 7, 2024
Messages289
Likes received68,284
Feb 10, 2025
Add bookmark
#596
Jaune beheld the object before him.

It sat alone upon a pedestal, illuminated by a cone of light. A gleaming body of steel buffed to a spotless shine. Digital interfaces flashed and beeped, the suite of sensors enabling a level of care, of intelligence that was absent in its peers. Crane one's ear, and a person would hear the steady vibration of potent energy thrumming beneath the surface.

Even then, he did not get it. Not truly. Academy City tech lived decades beyond his understanding.

Kamijou Touma provided the much needed context. Standing beside Jaune, the other boy kept up a running commentary, a phone hanging on a string around his neck—the same setup Jaune employed—turning the Japanese words into English. His quiet, respectful tone bordered on a religious veneration that bled through despite the filter of a translation app.

"150 watts. That is all it takes. With the amount of electricity to run a lightbulb, this thing can achieve a temperature of 200 degrees Celcius—or roughly 400 degrees Fahrenheit—in a span of five seconds. Use it on something like an egg, and watch the egg flash fry a second later."

Jaune gulped. Those were some powerful specs. He wanted to hear more.

"Self-diagnostic. Self-cleaning. Each individual part is rated for twenty years. There would never be a need for maintenance over its lifetime. The maker set out to pursue ultra-efficiency, and they took it to the very limits."

He shivered at the notion. No repairs, no upkeep. For an otherworld traveler like him, whose circumstances denied access to critical components should things break, those features were paramount.

And what simplicity! With one press of a button, literally the barest input from human hands, the built-in computer would take over the task. A child could handle the tool with an effectiveness equal to that of a master. Jaune salivated at the thought of what results this thing can produce under his control.

"Boil, simmer, steam, bake, fry, grill, braise, roast, braise, stew, broil," Kamijou rattled on in a daze. He took an unconscious step forward, hand forming a covetous grasping gesture. "Every cooking method under the sun, complete in one package. The holy treasure for bachelor households everywhere suffering under the yoke of hungry freeloaders and opportunistic neighbors angling for a free meal." That sounded way too specific to be a hypothetical. Kamijou's knees trembled, partway to crashing to the floor in worship. "Throughout heaven and earth, this is surely the greatest rice cooker in creation. I would trade my right hand for it in a heartbeat."

The store music swelled to a crescendo in the wake of such indubitable truths. Employees applauded, basking in awe at the impromptu sales pitch that could have convinced even them to slap down money. Jaune's heart roared in want, and need, and greed—

Yeah, okay, that's enough of that. Jaune shrugged his shoulders and turned away, ready to move on.

He won't lie, the pot seemed quite nifty. He can see himself buying one for the team dorm were Beacon not existing in a state of war at the moment. Since it was, he had better to focus on the higher priorities, which encompassed a whole long list that Tattletale put together. Strangely enough, a quick mental check returned zero mention of a rice cooker anywhere. Maybe he'll come back when the maker updated the appliance with a Grimm-killing function.

"It also features a setting to keep instant ramen from going soggy."

"Hot damn!" Jaune exclaimed, spinning around in one smooth motion. That changed everything.

The rice cooker found a home in his shopping cart after he removed a few bags of purchases from previous stores to make room, nestling alongside other bits and bobs for the kitchen that he failed to acquire from Dunwall. Modern appliances, mainly. Things that would just be nice to have available in the sparse studio apartment, so as to simplify life in the day-to-day and leave more time for combat training or jumping into different worlds. Academy City was proving a great source for that sort of creature comfort, with products incorporating futuristic innovations to eliminate all the minor inconveniences present in the Remnant iterations that Jaune was familiar with, while remaining similar enough to his era of technology that he can use them without a hitch.

He would have preferred weapons, but mentioning that got him some weird side-eyes from Kamijou and Misaka. Tattletale helped clarify the issue for him there. In a Grimmless world, it's possible that the typical person might never pick up a sword or a gun in their lifetime. The monsters weren't battering at the gates.

That explanation had sounded downright unbelievable. He came to accept it as fact over the course of the last hour. Firearms didn't lay around on store shelves in Japan. The 'deadliest' inventories sold in the Underground Mall were located in the sporting goods shops and stationary stores; baseball bats, pens, knives, and the like. Small appliances and game consoles counted among the most technologically advanced items sold to the public. Part of it could be chalked down to bias since the mall, and the city itself, had been built with students as the target demographic—all 1.8 million of them, comprising 80% of the population. Civilian students, at that. They didn't have a warrior-minded subset pursuing the combat track of academia.

In the end, after wracking his brain for a solution, he gave this universe up as a loss to enjoy the day for what it was. The world was peaceful here. Happy. Quiet. Lazy days without end, free and untroubled. It's a glimpse of what Remnant may look like in the far off future. He could learn to love it.

"Crackle*

Jaune whipped his head to face the direction of the noise, eyes flickering back and forth to scan the room. On Kamijou's part, the very instant he heard the sound of electrical currents, he ducked his head and raised his right hand high. The odd maneuver seemed ingrained on an instinctive level.

When nothing struck him, Kamijou straightened up and groaned. "Are they at it again?"

Craning his neck, Jaune peered over the product shelves, alert for signs of bluish sparks flying. He found them, counting two quick bursts that were dim and under-strength, which assuaged his worries somewhat. That level of power translated to a trivial event, possibly occurring out of shock or irritation and not outright anger, going by the ever-growing compendium he had titled 'The Many Ways Misaka Mikoto Expresses Herself'.

The thing to remember was that every emotion, positive or negative, always came back to electric zaps with the girl. Biri-Biri, Kamijou called it.

He soon caught glimpses of a head of chestnut hair next to a head of blond hair, both moving in an animated fashion. "Looks like they are. Why did we think it was a good idea to let them go off on their own?"

One has a penchant to provoke. The other was easily provoked. Tattletale and Misaka formed a match made in hell for everyone else in the vicinity.

Passing the shopping cart to Kamijou, he said, "Can you look for more useful things to buy? You seem to have a pretty good eye for that. I'll go check on them, make sure they don't start a fire."

Kamijou gave a nod, and with shopping bags in hand Jaune left his new acquaintance behind to hurry through the aisles towards the opposite side of the store. The place suffered from a lack of customers, something he attributed to students being less interested in pricey home appliances when there were so many other interesting establishments in the mall. Bad for the store, good for him, as it made the room simple to navigate. Moreover…

He checked his surroundings. Nobody's in sight.

All of the bags he was holding promptly vanished into his Pocket, and Jaune continued on. He then realized that he probably should have left some out in the open to not arouse suspicion from Kamijou later, and thought about withdrawing a few bags before shoving the issue to the side. Larger concerns were on his mind.

"Crackle!*

Case in point.

"I'll be subtle, she says. That girl won't even notice what I'm doing, she says," Jaune grumbled under his breath.

Ah, well. Any details that Tattletale could glean on the 'esper development program' would be worth it. A cursory browse of the inter-net suggested Academy City's foremost specialty to revolve around the process of imparting ordinary people with extraordinary abilities. That sure sounded like the good stuff he's searching for. He hadn't much hope it would lead anywhere, since it also sounded like super secret information that people kept locked up tight, and a single day in this universe left him very little time to 'borrow' the mechanism to induce powers. But hey, intrigues and mysteries were Tattletale's forte so maybe she will work a miracle. The girl could be surprising.

And, she's trying her best. That alone deserved respect.

He poked his head around the corner, cautious for an errant blast of lightning, and spotted the pair of Tattletale and Misaka loitering in front of a magazine rack. They've stacked their shopping cart high with purchases to the point that most people would blanch at the cost, though that seemed to be less of a problem for Misaka, a richie rich girl who can trade for an amount of gold that no middle school student should be able to afford. Each held a product catalog from the rack in her hands despite neither paying attention to the pages, deep in conversation as they were with one another. In contrast to Jaune and Kamijou, the two girls needed no phones to translate their words, Misaka conversing in perfect 'English'. The scene was, to his surprise, quite harmonious.

"...princess carry…you're not lying?…"

They were nearly within earshot, and he craned his ear to catch their talk. The intention was to gauge how Tattletale was faring with her goal, but he discovered that the topic had nothing to do with espers, the pair having moved on to now discuss…

"Think what you like, but it's the truth," asserted Tattletale with a casual air. She quirked her lips, looking awfully full of herself. "He was so charmed by me, he swept me into his arms the minute we met, and wouldn't let go." She shook her head, shoulders shrugging. "Honestly, guys can be so pushy, amiright?"

…to now discuss matters of romance.

A curious thought niggled at Jaune. Who was she talking about?

"And then? And then?" Misaka leaned closer, her face mere inches inches from Tattletale, who glanced to the side in an unconscious tell.

"We~ell, after that we ended up at his place."

Misaka gave off a burst of static, and hid her face behind the covers of her magazine. Her eyes peeking over the top grew round.

"Just like in mom's novels!" she squealed, bouncing on her heels. A brief bout of hesitation, and she scooted nearer by another step, spellbound. "Y-You didn't go further, r-right?"

"Hmmm." Tattletale tilted her head, one finger tapping on her chin as if debating how much to reveal. The smile she wore grew wider as Misaka almost vibrated in place. Finally, she relented. "Let's just say, his bed was very comfortable, and he gave me good reasons to stay." Tattletale winked.

Misaka gasped, both scandalized and admiring in one, and began pelting question after question at Tattletale, eager to hear more even as the other girl played coy with the details.

Because there were no details. As Tattletale prattled on, Jaune leveled at her a silent, judging stare, having at last put the comments together.

In the most technical sense, she told the truth. Upon meeting, he had indeed picked her up and taken her home…the unsaid context being that she would have died under a tidal wave, otherwise. However, Misaka did not know that, and Tattletale ensured those pesky facts were left out of it, her ego steadily rising as time passed with her audience growing ever more respectful towards someone who appeared so worldly and mature.

He'd bet his sword that they did talk about espers, that Tattletale failed to follow along with Misaka's explanations and so had baited a different subject in order to compensate, ending up here where she concocted whatever she thought sounded good while banking on the other girl being unable to discern the cracks in the story.

"I can't believe you two are moving so fast…"

"Oh, it's no big deal. This is normal, nowadays," Tattletale declared in false humbleness, a subtle (and unearned) brag hidden beneath.

That struck a nerve, and Misaka grumbled, "Says you. Here I am, with nothing I've tried working." She shuffled her feet.

Unfortunately for her, Tattletale caught the action, reading far too much from it and likely from everything else thus far, inserting puzzle pieces to form a picture. She set her magazine aside, then placed both hands on her hips to regard Misaka with a knowing grin. "Come on. Don't lie to yourself. Did you really try?"

Tattletale?

Misaka faltered. She peered at the other girl with suddenly uncertain eyes.

"I mean," Tattletale continued, "You were relieved when your crush couldn't understand what you said in English, so clearly there's a part of you that's trying to hide it from him."

"What? No, why would I—"

The answer came with absolute confidence. "Insecurity, obviously. You think he wouldn't be interested."

Tattletale!

A flinch, and Misaka shrank back. An expression of hurt, lips quivering and eyes downcast, flashed by on her face. Happily, Tattletale saw that and adjusted what she was about to say, toning it down.

"Now, I can see some efforts on display here," she began in a soothing voice, before looking Misaka up and down. "The makeup's different from usual, and you could barely tell the mistakes. Alterations on the uniform, very nice, very subtle. Accessories are new—try not to fiddle with them too often, by the way." She nodded, humming. "All in all, a lot of little things. It's cute."

Did he say happily? He meant awfully. Tattletale has yet to notice the condescension dripping from every single word she spoke. Thinking it welcome, she persisted in her…praises? Criticisms?

"My advice? Go for a bold approach. Way bolder. Be flashy. Be forward. Boy's as dense as a rock. He wouldn't even notice half the stuff you did."

Back in the aisle, Jaune paced back and forth, clutching his hair, ready to bash his head against the shelves.

There's worthwhile advice there, buried somewhere underneath the poisonous spiel that came from Tattletale's mouth. It boiled down to the idea that Misaka should be honest with her feelings, and wholeheartedly pursue the person she is interested in without falsehood. Playing games may have seemed adequate to get the point across, but there always existed the possibility that the target of her affection may miss the hints she laid down—no matter how unbelievably dense the boy has to be to overlook such clear evidence.

Sounds great, doesn't it? How motivating! He can name three guys in Beacon fitting the mold, dummies that they were, who would have benefited from that wisdom.

The message really, really could have done without the sense of superiority overshadowing it—drowning it, even—which twisted whatever good intention Tattletale had into a crippling strike on anyone's confidence. It sure dealt a critical blow on Misaka, all the worse when it came from someone she was starting to look up to. Her arms fell to her sides, the product catalog dangling loosely between her fingers. Her head hung low, hair falling to obscure her features. She was shaking.

Ummm, did Tattletale make her cry?

Too far, Tattletale! Way too far! He needn't voice it aloud. She had realized it for herself, too, and stared with wide eyes.

"I thought I was helping…" she muttered.

In answer, Misaka raised a foot high, and stamped the ground. Sparks raced across the floor to make Tattletale hop a foot in the air, yelping.

Ohhhh damn, they were in for it now. Jaune braced to run out there and snatch his partner to safety. He has yet to develop a good answer for electricity—the force is similar to fire in that they played hell on Aura. It's going to be a toss-up on how he'd fare.

His analysis ran to a dead stop as Misaka lifted her head. Lightning framed her face, but in those eyes existed no anger. It was only determination that they saw.

"You were, and you're right! How could I not see it before?" She stomped the ground again, sending forth a second wave of static. "It wasn't just him at fault. I'm not trying hard enough!"

Huh. Well that's one method to do it, he supposed. Jaune exhaled a breath, and relaxed his stance to lean back on the shelf.

He already experienced for himself that Misaka was a sensitive individual—i.e. she's a bomb that lives on a hair-trigger, and can explode at the lightest stimulus. An approach of attacking her would work if the goal was to stoke a retaliatory action. Tell her she can't, and watch that she does. Not bad, Tattletale.

"Er…exactly my point." Immediately after saying that, Tattletale glanced to the side, avoiding Misaka's gaze. Events might have deviated a little (or a lot) from her actual plan, but she will own it anyhow.

Misaka missed the gesture, too invigorated at the prospect of a remedy to her troubles. She paced in thought, mind awhirl. A conclusion was reached, and she spun around, punching a fist into a palm.

"Okay. This is perfect. I'll just have to take it seriously now, and he won't stand a chance!"

"Good for you," Tattletale praised. "I'm glad I could help. So, uh, good luck with that." She sidled away from the younger girl, but her escape was foiled by two hands clamping on her shoulders.

Misaka, eyes shining, pleaded, "No, don't go yet! I still need help, and you're the most knowledgeable person I know on this matter. Please show me the way, teacher!"

"Fuck! I mean—" Tattletale tried for a smile, it coming out rather akin to a grimace. "Sure thing, girl. I got you." She sounded very unsure of that statement.

And half an hour later, Jaune had to wonder if she wasn't doing more harm than good.

As the quartet weaved in and out of one store to the next, Misaka latched on Tattletale like a limpet. Her 'taking it seriously' seemed to mainly involve pestering for details of past experiences that she can draw advice from out of the other girl, who got her chance to make things right by imparting what she knew—and a whole lot she didn't—onto her pupil.

"Brag brag brag brag," was the gist of the lesson as Tattletale followed the age old wisdom that once you've dug a hole too deep for you to climb back out, the only solution is to keep digging to the other side of the world. Thus, in an increasingly desperate pitch, she regaled Misaka with tales of her purported love life, filling the girl up with lies. Each time Jaune came back from buying stuff, the 'true stories' became wilder and less grounded in reality.

Mundane daily tasks of cooking their meals and physical training grew into encounters replete with hints of intimacy that was, in truth, not at all there. Their trips to the many universes, now they were called dates. He had apparently accompanied her to a private room at something called a love hotel (Misaka nearly fainted on hearing that), to a church ("Like a wedding!?" Misaka had whispered in hushed awe), and pet shopping for a bunny (strangely enough, it was that one that stretched the limits of credulity for Misaka). They're done anything and everything under the sun that Misaka cared to name.

All substanceless boasts straight out of a blog for teenagers to betray a dateless existence. Believable only to someone whose sum total of knowledge on romance came from those same sources. In terms of efficacy…it's debatable.

Misaka Mikoto bought it hook, line, and sinker.

"How mature! So this is the life of foreigners…"

It's really, really not.

"I shattered a man's pelvis once."

Yeah. With a bullet.

-o-​

The figures on the screen exploded in a mess of colors to light up the two boys' corner of the arcade. Jaune paused in his reloading, as did Kamijou, to watch the level's ending animation. They used the brief respite to shake out their hands, limbering up for the next phase.

Around their feet and atop the arcade machine sat a veritable sea of shopping bags. Jaune had stuffed the heaviest things inside his Pocket when nobody was paying attention, but left the lighter purchases out to deter anyone catching on. There were still so many that it gained them odd looks from other patrons of the store. Mostly him, since they saw him walk in while carrying the bulk of it.

The triumphant music of the game soon faded. The screen went dark. Jaune breathed in, then breathed out, just in time for a heavy metal beat to rise in tempo, and the new level loaded in. He raised his plastic gun and aimed down the sights, waiting. To his right, Kamijou mirrored the action. The intro animation of metal blast doors slid apart to reveal the stage.

A long tunnel stretched out before them, lined by…yuck. Jaune wrinkled his nose in distaste.

Bodies in the throes of suffering littered the area, many fused into the walls and floor. The imagery of the different stages have gradually gotten more disturbing as he and Kamijou advanced further into the game. It told the story of a world gone mad as the clock ticks down.

The game itself contained other sights that he found quite unnerving. It was not Grimm he faced today. Not zombies, robots, or aliens. None of the usual stuff he'd see in a videogame. No, as the first enemy popped out of hiding, Jaune shot a digital bullet between the eyes of a man. That's the core of the game, a reenactment of war between fellow people. Kamijou had hardly blinked at the notion.

Stylistic choices aside, the basic premise was one he knew well. Remnant's version of these arcade machines followed an identical beat. An unfolding crisis, with a hero—or a pair of heroes, in this case—mowing down the ranks of evil. Simple to understand.

On a related note, he finally learned what nazis were. They're soldiers/demon worshipers, serving a Kingdom that at some point in the past attempted to summon eldritch beings onto Earth. Users of foul sorceries, they harbored an intense hatred of life which led to all manners of horrible weapons being deployed on the populace, and had culminated in a bid by them to blow up the planet with a massive bomb, necessitating the Allies—the good guys in this arcade game— to send their forces in and oppose them with the power of gun.

Yeah. The world was…big.

He'd have to check with Tattletale on which part was exaggerated and which stayed true to life later, and maybe he'd also ask why these guys were still running around Brockton Bay in the modern day. It seemed like a situation that would just end badly for everybody.

They made their way through the level at a decent pace, though Jaune did much of the heavy lifting. Sure, he had never been considered a crack shot in Beacon's firearm course and ranked among the lower half of the gun range records, but he took heart in the fact that his attendance in the class at least translated to a better performance than a civilian.

Well, that, and Kamijou also seemed a bit distracted. From time to time, he'd glance over at Jaune, regarding him with a sense of wariness. It brought to mind the image of a cat meeting the house's new oversized dog.

"Sooo…"

"Don't believe a thing she says." Jaune's gaze did not waver from the screen; however, a tired sigh escaped him.

They'd have to work on Tattletale's indoor voice. It's already too late for Kamijou, of course. He heard all about her and his many 'feats'.

"Oh," said Kamijou, losing much of his tension. "I should have expected she was exaggerating. No way any of those things happened."

Jaune made a difficult face. Because, again, technicalities. What conclusions Kamijou drew from that, Jaune hesitated to guess, but the "Whoa…" carried the sense of a thousand misunderstandings forming at lightning speed.

The appearance of the stage boss refocused their attention on the screen, preventing Jaune from correcting the erroneous impression. As they battled the giant demon wearing a military outfit, he began to entertain alternatives. When it fell dead to the ground and vanished, he had revised the plan, putting the original on hold in lieu of studying the other boy.

The pair of Kamijou Touma and Misaka Mikoto could not be more different. He went around in a scruffy school uniform, worn-down and worn sloppily, a simple red shirt beneath of no better make. For him, image was largely unimportant and he had deemed his efforts good enough. Her uniform, on the other hand, was a fancy thing of exacting details, crisp and spotless, denoting a neat, tidy lifestyle in a high-class environment. He walked with a slouch, alongside a lazy and carefree gaze; a man of low energy in the day to day. She's a firecracker and a half, flitting from one place to another without pause, excitable to a fault. The girl was clearly into the boy, while the boy lived in a state of total obliviousness. Star-crossed lovers, of a sort, seeing as the possibility of a romance at the end of this tale was measuring between low and nonexistent. It made one despair, truly it did.

The memory resurfaced of Misaka looking so hurt and lost, and a twinge tugged at his heart. He had seen that face a number of times in his life, usually on an Annoying Blonde. It always ruins his mood.

And in this moment it decided his course. Tattletale was doing her work on the other side. Let's help her out.

The level ended, and Jaune seized the opportunity, plonking an elbow on Kamijou's shoulder. Adopting a teasing note, he said, "You know, it's been about me, me, me for a while now. Why don't we talk about you."

"I'm not exactly interesting…" Kamijou laughed a nervous laugh and rubbed the back of his head, which ended up giving Jaune the most peculiar sense of déjà vu. Why did that behavior seem so familiar?

Whatever. He shook it off to push forward. "Don't say that, Kamijou. Just our different hometowns alone make anything you say new and exciting to me. Besides, I'm not asking for your life story. Our friends are discussing boys, so what say we discuss girls?" That kindled some interest, even if Kamijou tried to hide it. Sensing weakness, Jaune pressed, "Tell me, who's your type?"

Contrary to his reticence until now, Kamijou answered without hesitation. "A gentle, big-breasted, older sister dorm manager type who can cook and would greet me each morning as I go to class."

…Sorry, Misaka. He tried his best.

Vainly, Jaune parsed the statement, seeking a way to reconcile the imagined girl with the real girl. The square peg did not fit the round hole, was the sad outcome he kept arriving at. Did Misaka cook? Maybe she can start.

"Well, ah, that sounds…nice."

Kamijou nodded, dead serious.

Damn. Now he appreciated how Tattletale felt. This was harder than it looked. He couldn't make fun of her performance anymore, not when he's scraping by with similar difficulties.

The idea that he's no better at this than Tattletale rankled something fierce. Refusing to accept it, Jaune rallied, the steps to his master plan forming at the speed of thought. He leaned closer to Kamijou, grinning. "But hey! What does type matter, when you think about it?" He waved a dismissive hand to convey the relevance of Kamijou's supposed preference in the bigger scheme of things. Which was zero. "You think you know what you want, only to discover you were assuming what you want. How often has that happened in history, huh? Might as well roll a dice." He snapped his fingers, as if striking upon an epiphany (but not really). "In fact, that's exactly it! Romance is best when it's a gamble. It's putting yourself out there, and being accepting. Your future girlfriend could be anyone."

"Why are you talking like that?"

"Don't mind it."

He's simply stressing the words to make them appear more important and meaningful than they were, thus concealing the fact he has no clue what he's saying and no actual persuasive point to make. Manipulative stuff, that's all. No need to mention it.

Kamijou rubbed his chin in thought. "But, I guess you do make sense."

"I do?" He clamped down on the sheer incredulousness in his voice. "Right, yeah, of course I do! SoaskMisakaonadate."

"What?"

"What?" Jaune pointed at the arcade machine. "Look at that, the next round's beginning. Let's go fight some nazis!"

Nailed it.

"No, seriously, what was that at the end there?"

"Fuck!—I mean, I was just throwing out a completely random possibility." He waffled for a halfway reasonable excuse, landing on, "Misaka is the only other person I'm acquainted with in Academy City, and the first thing I see her do is help out two strangers. She's a good person, isn't she?"

Kamijou narrowed his eyes. Jaune sweated under the scrutiny, expression not changing one iota in the hope it would lend his statement credibility.

Then, the corner of Kamijou's mouth twitched upward in a little smile, and Jaune's near-defeated spirit poked its head out of the hole it hid in, watching intently. Could it be?

"That she is," said Kamijou, with the slightest hint of fondness.

Victory!

Well, a tiny one. But still!

Jaune cheered and pumped a fist in the air, uncaring of how it looked to the other boy. High on success, he barked out a laugh, and waggled his eyebrows at Kamijou—insinuating everything with the gesture—to earn himself a roll of the eyes as the other boy shoved him off. Kamijou followed that up with a playful right cross aimed at his side, one that Jaune smacked him on the forearm to bat down before it hit.

"That she is," he mimicked.

"Just…ugh, forget I said that. It doesn't mean anything you're implying!" Kamijou raised his toy gun towards the screen, holding back his grin and pointedly refusing to look in Jaune's direction. "Weren't we supposed to fight nazis? Let's do that."

"Heh. Works for me, dude."

It was far less than he wanted to achieve, but it was an inch taken forward nevertheless. Where it may lead, if it does, was up to Kamijou Touma.

-o-​

A sweet, lively voice rang out across the arcade, as Tattletale sauntered through the entrance in her new outfit of jeans and blouse.

"Boys, we're baaack~. Are you two having fun?"

"Nooo…" Both Jaune and Kamijou whined. The latter sat slumped against the side of the arcade machine while Jaune was half-draped on top of the front panel, crying bitter tears.

Tattletale snickered, yet to get the full picture as to their despondence but finding amusement in it nevertheless. Before she could respond, Misaka poked her head out from behind her.

Looking at their defeated forms, she asked in worry, "What's wrong?"

Her question opened the floodgates, and their complaints spilled forth.

"That difficulty spike was unfair!"

"We lost to the final boss, and now I'll never know how the story ends."

"A whole hour spent so sadistic game developers can stomp on us and laugh. Pigs to the slaughter, that's all we were born to be."

"My high score…"

"Ouch. Tough luck, huh?" Tattletale shrugged, her entire reserves of sympathy exhausted. "Anywho, come help. This is heavy." She lightly swung her arms to indicate the bags she was holding, acquired from her and Misaka's excursion to the floor below this one. Opaque, they prevented any hints of what lay within.

Jaune swept his gaze over the lot, gauging their weight by sight, then cocked an eyebrow at Tattletale. She's carrying a bit more compared to Misaka's burden, yet by his estimation it hasn't even approached the upper limit of her Aura-enhanced capabilities, small as the boost may be after stacking on her meager strength. In other words, she's being lazy. He knew it, she knew it, and she upped the ante by pouting her lips at him. With a groan, he pushed off the machine and walked over, Kamijou dragging himself to his feet to follow.

Proving that her act was a total lie, Tattletale raised the bags a little higher for them to take. She doubled down on the pouting to balance it out.

Most of the pile went to him, with Kamijou taking some from Tattletale then offering the same to Misaka, getting a shy mumbled thanks from her. Jaune used that flurry of activity to vanish a few of the ones in his arms.

Oh.

It bore repeating, that a little-mentioned aspect of putting objects in his Pocket was it allowed him to discern their size and shape.

He snapped his gaze towards Tattletale, then away in the next moment, studiously ignoring her in the vain wish she would not realize.

She did. Of course she did, and she figured out the reason for his behavior in no time. Her mouth flapped open and shut, wordless. One of the remaining bags she was holding slipped from her slackened fingers, hitting the ground with a *pomf*. The two of them stared down at it in silence, until Tattletale finally found her voice.

"Forget what you saw," she ordered, unable to look in his direction.

"Yeah," he agreed, bag-laden hands raised in a calm down gesture. "Yeah, already done." Inside his mind, he focused with all his might on the rice cooker also floating in there. Names of dishes he wanted to eat passed by in a blur to further distance him from any errant thoughts.

Carefully, he reached for the fallen bag, observing her to make sure she was fine with it. He gripped the strap just as someone else did, to lift the bag in tandem. It was Kamijou. They shared a glance.

"It's okay, I got it," Jaune said.

"Allow me," replied Kamijou at the same time.

He shrugged, and did as requested. "Alright, here you go."

"I'll leave it to you."

Both boys released the bag and it fell back to the floor with another *pomf*. They scratched their heads, wondering how the situation ended like this. Twin sighs followed, along with apologies.

Then, each boy thought to try again. In identical motions they bent down, hands outstretched and on track to grab the same spot.

*Bam!*

Their foreheads made contact first, crashing together to send them both to the floor. They rolled back and forth in mirror image, arms cradling their aching craniums.

"I'm surrounded by clowns," Jaune heard Tattletale say above him, and her voice conveyed utter resignation. To forestall another disaster, she picked up the bag herself, meeting zero mishaps.

Perhaps that had been for the best. Jaune did not trust himself to survive a third attempt at lifting a shopping bag with Kamijou nearby. In fact, that hit to his head might have caused him some lasting damage, because as he pushed off the ground, he saw a tiny Misaka running along the passageway outside the arcade.

M-Maybe it was a trick of the light, and not him going crazy. Jaune rubbed his eyes, and took a second look.

The Misaka was the right size now. Whew.

Wait.

He turned to the side to look at Misaka, who stood within the arcade, then turned again to look at Misaka, racing through the mall while carrying an object that bore an uncanny resemblance to a military firearm, chasing after a smaller Misaka.

Boy, he sure hoped the Company store had a restorative for this.

In denial, he asked, "…Misaka, do you have a twin? And a little sister about yay high?" He held up a hand at the height of his waist.

"Hah?" Misaka tilted her head, not understanding. Mentally, Jaune braced for a future fitting with a straightjacket.

Tick. Tick. Tick. Lightbulb!

Misaka hurled herself out of the arcade, skidding to a stop in the middle of the hall. Kamijou scrambled to his feet and joined her an instant later, scanning the crowd. As they found what they were searching for, suspicion transformed to recognition, then to consternation.

"What are they doing here!?" Misaka cried out.

"Is that a gun?"

Oh, hey. He wasn't imagining it. Good to know.

Spinning back towards Jaune and Tattletale, Misaka clapped her hands together and bowed her head. "I'm sorry! Something came up that we're going to have to deal with!"

"We?" asked Kamijou.

"Yes, we," she insisted."You're coming with me!" For emphasis, Misaka grabbed onto his arm.

The easygoing Kamijou relented soon enough with little protest, and that was that. Misaka let go of him, and they made their way back to meet with their counterparts at the arcade entrance. Misaka pulled Tattletale aside, their conversation held in whispers, while Kamijou wandered over to Jaune.

"I guess this is where we go our separate ways," Kamijou began.

"Looks like," Jaune said.

Having learned the custom, he performed a bow to match the other boy. A slight miscalculation almost bonked their heads a second time, avoided by an inch. A grin, and Kamijou extended his arm.

"How about a handshake? At least that will be harmless."

Cheerfully obliging, Jaune clasped his right hand with Kamijou's in a tight grip.

And then he whimpered, because all of a sudden he felt strength leave his body, exhaustion taking hold. The feeling had not grown in a gradual process, but struck him with its full force at once, a sucker punch to which he had no defense.

After letting go of the handshake, Jaune checked himself over for marks of an attack, finding none. It shouldn't be an attack, anyway. He has experienced this sensation in the past, often connected to one event.

To test it, he pinched his cheek, and pulled. It hurts a lot more than it should.

His Aura had drained away. The entirety of it, to zero. He somehow experienced Aura break, without a break. The one action preceding it was…

He slowly turned to the other boy. There existed no signs of malice on that carefree expression, no inkling of what he had done.

"Who are you, Kamijou?"

"Eh, me? I am Kamijou Touma."

Jaune shook his head. "That's…not quite what I meant. Anything special about you?"

That drew forth a bitter laugh, uncharacteristic for someone Jaune had thought to be so mild.

"Just another Level 0 to Academy city, that's all," Kamijou said. The traces of an old resentment, long-faded yet never forgotten, lingered in his voice. "They say that I'm an ordinary high school boy that can be found anywhere." His hand came up to rub the back of his head.

Tattletale had started paying attention from the moment she noticed Jaune's distress, and she now caught a teeny, tiny imperceptible lie in what Kamijou had spoken. She pointed it out, "Really? And what's with that right hand of yours, then?"

Rather than panicking at her accusation, the boy simply showed his bare hand, turning it from side to side. Unremarkable, the thing appeared no different from anybody else's.

"This? Something more troublesome than it's worth."

Misaka scoffed, crossing her arms and pouting. "And what does that make me, if I'm weaker than a worthless thing?"

"Ugh. Are you never going to let that go?"

"I'll win one day—Hey! What's with that face—"

The conversation devolved into bickering, foiling Jaune's chance to pursue the mystery of his broken Aura state. The pair seemed used to it, and the argument bore the hallmarks of an oft-discussed topic, going back and forth, back and forth without tiring, only interrupted when Tattletale pounced on Misaka.

She wrapped her arm around the other girl's shoulders, smiling like a fox while crooning devilish whispers into her ear. "So, you haven't ever beaten him in a fight. Don't tell me that's what makes your heart go all aflutter. Are you one of those meatheaded girls? Do they have to be stronger than you to date you?"

Misaka yelped. Eyes swimming, she stuttered a denial, "I-I don't know what you're talking about."

"Oh ho? Not going to be honest after all that work we put in—"

A spark flew from Misaka's forehead, striking dead center the phone hanging off of Kamijou to short out the translation.

"What was that for, Biri-Biri!?" Kamijou moaned piteously, fumbling for the device.

"Oops, clumsy me. Don't worry, you should only need to restart it." She peered up at him, angelic smile asking for forgiveness. "Teehee."

"Teehee, my foot!"

Jaune said out of the corner of his mouth. "Is that her idea of being straightforward?"

"It's a work in progress," Tattletale whispered back.

"She has a ways to go, then."

"Right?...Hang on, why do you know about that?" She paled. "How much did you hear?"

And with his pointed silence that suggested far too much, her wan pallor took on a red heat. Her face dropped into her hands, and a low keening wail ensued.

Misaka and Kamijou paused in their bickering, with Misaka asking, "Is she okay?"

"Don't mind it." Jaune waved to dismiss their concern. "In any case, shouldn't you hurry if you want to catch up with your sisters?"

"They're not exactly—" Kamijou cut himself off. "Nevermind that. You're probably right, we should go." He spun towards the door, halting midway to look back at Jaune. "Am I going to see you around?"

"Eh. Hard to say. Me and her don't plan to stay long in the city, and we're on the move a lot."

"I get it." Kamijou nodded, and threw a salute. "Well, if you come back, don't be a stranger."

And then, the pair of Kamijou Touma and Misaka Mikoto were rushing off into the crowd. Newfound friends parting for the last time. Left behind, Jaune watched them go.

A hand came up to pat his chest, soothing the pangs of an odd feeling which dwelt there.

Gladness. Regret. He was happy to have met them, sad to see them go, wanting another day. This transient lifestyle of his, ever moving onward, carried with it a toll he was beginning to wish he did not have to pay.

He shook it off the best he could, telling himself that it would be worth it in the end. The shining Beacon awaited.

In the distance, a pointy head of black hair rounded the corner, with a spark of electricity flying in the air to let him know Misaka was there, too, and that was the last he saw of them.

Heaving a long breath, Jaune stamped down on his malaise and straightened his back, forcing a smile on his face. Focus on the good time they've had, that's the key to it. He had a blast today, and there's a scroll full of pictures to remind him of those two. He'd remember this in the years to come.

Still, it sure would be nice to find something permanent. Someone who would not say goodbye.

His eyes flicked towards Tattletale. The girl had not gotten over the knowledge that her empty boasting was overheard, groaning and moaning in embarrassment. Seeing this, his smile grew to be just a little more genuine.

Mustering a cheery tone, he skipped over to her, calling out, "Tattletale! What's our plan now? Are we done? Do we put our stuff in the bathroom and keep exploring?"

Tattletale cast a wary gaze on him, searching his face for any intention to bring up subjects that shall never be mentioned in her presence from this day forth, so she decreed, and only relaxing after she found none. Satisfied, she recomposed herself before giving a reply.

"No, we're not done here. From now till midnight gives us about twelve hours, and I've got a few ideas to fill it. Keeping our haul in a public bathroom may lead to them being stolen, though, so I'd suggest checking if there's a storage service to use." She fished out a handful of coins from her new purse to show him. "Misaka traded me some cash, so we can pay for that and get a meal."

"And afterward? The things we bought are pretty great, I'll admit, but they're not all that valuable to the Marketplace. Is it even worth it?"

A smirk bloomed, haughty and lording. "Then, we are going to visit the universities in the area." A raised hand stopped the questions Jaune wanted to ask, and she explained, "Their funding comes from various big name labs and companies, and as a result they're responsible for a sizable section of the R&D ecosystem in Academy City. Funny thing is, their security tends to not be up to snuff compared to their corporate affiliates, what with forgetful professors and dumb students." Her expression turned downright evil. "Nihihi~ there's bound to be interesting things lying in the open for a pair of daring phantom thieves to liberate!"

"Tempting, very tempting." He tapped his chin in thought, considering it. "And you know this how, exactly?"

"From Misaka, again." Tattletale hesitated, making a difficult face. "She's odd. Girl's aware of a lot more of the goings-on around these parts than she let on." She brightened. "Although she's pretty careless, too. It was dead easy to get her to let slip a few juicy tidbits."

"...I feel like we need to have a talk on why it's wrong to take advantage of our friends."

"Maybe. If I'm free. In a million years." Then, she scooted closer. "Buuut?" she said leadingly. Catching the hint, Jaune obliged her. Disagreeable methods aside, she has attained insights that could earn them a payday of Points. That, at least, deserved recognition.

"You're amazing."

Tattletale preened. "I know~"

The plan thus established, they put it in motion. Through the aid of the translation app, they sought directions from random pedestrians until one person alerted them of a 'coin locker' shop situated a few blocks from the closest mall entrance. Armed with the information, they headed aboveground, stepping out into the light of day.

It's his first glimpse of Academy City proper, and walking along the avenue Jaune absorbed the details of his surroundings, unable to help an instinctive comparison, holding it up against Vale. His conclusion? The city was very like a city.

Tall, blocky buildings. Cars zooming down the streets. People traveling to and fro. It's all the same. Transplant this scene into Remnant and the day would have continued without a hitch, or so it appeared.

It's in the subtler details, that he spotted the 30-40 year gap in technology.

High above, construction workers occupied the shell of an unfinished highrise, and sunlight glinted off the bulky mechanized frames they employed to assist in carrying heavier loads. The cars drove in near silence, a cat's purr rather than a tiger's rumbling roars. A teen sped by the pair, her skateboard smoothly rolling over bumps and dips in the road by shifting the heights of each individual wheel, while in the opposite direction a businessman strolled at a brisk pace, his watch projecting a flashlight arrow on the ground in front of him to show which route to take to his office.

Little details. Little inventions. The longer one looked, the further the city would diverge from anything that they have ever seen, forming a world wholly into its own.

The coin lockers, too, operated in a manner he was unfamiliar with, though that seemed more a case of local practices than tech. The setup was simple on the whole, just different. For a start, nobody worked in the store. They walked in, and the instruction board directed them to simply pick a locker and put their items inside, closing the door afterward. After inserting the coins, the touchscreen display on the locker prompted them to make a PIN number. Then a beep, an electronic whirring of the latch slamming into place, and it was done.

Problem. Tattletale tapped the numberpad way too fast for him to discern the PIN, and she just gave him this cheeky grin when he asked what it was. How was he supposed to open the locker, Tattletale? What was the point of this,Tattletale!? Ahhhhh!

Anyway, once they understood the procedure, Jaune and Tattletale picked out a whole row of lockers for their many, many shopping bags, with Jaune emptying the ones from his Pocket to make room for their upcoming acquisitions. While he stowed them away, Tattletale set the PINs—she's using different ones too, to confuse him. In between, she did a search for places to eat near their first target.

A restaurant existed within the university's main building itself, and she was quick to book a table for them. A spot frequented by staff, students, and a host of other employees could provide them critical information on security measures and worthwhile artifacts. If they were lucky, they might even be able to snag access keys to areas that a casual passerby would have difficulty entering.

Things were shaping up, and they exited the store in high spirits.

*Thud*

They both looked to their left. A person, a policeman by the look of the gear, had collapsed on the sidewalk next to his parked van. Blink, blink, they blankly stared at him.

"The heck?" said Tattletale.

Snapping out of it, Jaune hurried towards the officer, kneeling down at his side to check if he was breathing.

"Hey, are you al—" *Thud* "—right?"

He turned in the direction of the sound. Another body had fallen to lie in a heap there.

Then, all around Jaune and Tattletale….

*Thud*

*Thud*

*Thud*

*Thud*

*Thud*...


Author's Notes: And we were so, so close to this being just a slice of life romcom arc.
Last edited: Apr 18, 2025
Stories:
QQ Sneaking His Way into the Multiverse , a RWBY Jaune, WC-lite mechanics story.
Other RWBY stories on AO3 or FF - Yakuza Arc | Conquered Menagerie: Annals of the Sixth Kingdom | Cat, Bunny, and the Good Ship Honey Starbright | The Agent
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, RSR2000, Amdiranifani and 775 others
LazyAutumnMoon
Feb 10, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 23: A Certain Otherworld Huntsman - Someone_Else's_War
View content
LazyAutumnMoon
LazyAutumnMoon
We all need Sundancer in our life.
JoinedJun 7, 2024
Messages289
Likes received68,284
Feb 25, 2025
Add bookmark
#637
On a street that was already somewhat sparse, there now remained two people standing beneath an overcast sky. Across their view, two dozen or so other formerly upright individuals sprawled out on the sidewalks, unmoving. Their belongings laid nearby, purses spilling their contents and phones cracked from impacting the pavement. Meanwhile, the last of the cars had finished taking the corner, having missed the incident due to the speed at which they traveled—or maybe they decided it wasn't their problem, Jaune thought rather uncharitably. In any case, their exit left behind a quiet so stark that he could hear his own heartbeat, and that of Tattletale.

He opened his mouth, but did not know quite what to say. His jaw simply hung there for a time. Tattletale found her voice first.

"This might be a good time to leave."

That got his mouth working again. Jaune whirled towards Tattletale. "No way!" He gestured at the policeman. The Company scroll materialized in his empty hand a second later. "We have to help them. I'll pick up a set of stimpaks."

Before he could enter the Marketplace, Tattletale slapped her hand over the screen.

"Are you dumb? Jaune, whatever is happening could hit us next. We need to protect ourselves before we think about others—stop that!" she growled as he jerked the device away from her grip. She leapt after it, clamping on with both hands. "We can't spend our Points willy-nilly on random strangers. It's a waste."

"Well, we have to do something," he said.

The look she gave him, a slight shake of the head as her eyebrows scrunched, pretty sufficiently conveyed that in her opinion they didn't have to do a damn thing. He returned an identical expression, denying her denial. This was a clear emergency, and they were here, right here, able to assist.

Seeing that he won't back down, she changed tack. "You don't even have any Points left," she reminded him. "The entire balance is mine at the moment, remember?"

Jaune stopped short.

"Oh."

"Yeah, oh. So maybe ask first?" She raised a hand to prevent him from doing just that. "And the answer's still no, because you need to calm down and think. There's no guarantee the stimpaks would fix them—it's not a panacea for all ailments. We have too little to go on, and jumping the gun could do more harm than good. We need information. Alright?"

He had no good reply, not when a loud and growing part within his mind told him to listen since she was making a lot of sense, both in terms of him using funds belonging to his companion and that he was running blind. It gnawed at the side of him in control, the part that had shifted to crisis mode and demanded action. Almost despite himself, he dialed back the impulse. A newfound state of uncertainty replaced it to leave him dithering, a helpless glance alternating between the prone body and Tattletale.

She began working his fingers loose from the scroll. Her voice crooned in his ear, soft and soothing. Beguiling. "We'll take a look at the situation, scope it out. See if it's within our ability to affect, or whether it's better—whether it's tactically sound to retreat and consider our options. Weren't you a team leader? Didn't anyone ever tell you that you have to be mindful of your team's wellbeing?"

Ren did, after a whole long series of disastrous events in Beacon's first month that nearly cracked the team. He had the right of it back then, and Tattletale had the right of it here.

Jaune felt all the worse for that. He should have taken the lesson to heart from the first go-round.

"Yeah, that's…You make a good point. That was my bad, Tattletale. "

She grinned. "I know. I always do. Stay where you are, and give me a bit to figure things out."

Tucking the Company scroll away in her purse, Tattletale proceeded to sweep her gaze across their surroundings, allowing a measure of her superpower to run free. She bent down to peer closer at the policeman, then darted over to a nearby pedestrian to compare their conditions. A look across the street noted the group of people collapsed in one big heap at the windows of an electronics store, the televisions on display still broadcasting without an audience.

"Alive. All alive," she concluded for his benefit. "No visible wounds, no signs of debilitating pain, but it is internal. Total loss of muscle control. Skin turning bluish." She cocked an ear towards the policeman. The absence of ambient city noise allowed her to hear much more. "Rapid heartbeat, way higher than ours. These are symptoms of oxygen deprivation—"

"They're not breathing?" Jaune asked. His own heart rate started picking up at the news. People not breathing usually preceded people not living.

Tattletale shook her head. "They are, the oxygen is just not reaching their lungs in proportion to what they inhale—somehow—and the body reacts by putting them in a near-death—a low-power state to correspond with the amount of oxygen they're receiving." Absent-mindedly, she winded a lock of hair around her fingers, playing with it as she paced, eyes flickering from one spot to another. "Most likely suspects for those types of physical reactions in a human are capes with a Master, Shaker, or Tinker power, poisons, or pathogens—oh god, this sounds like Bonesaw." Tattletale looked as if she wanted to throw up.

Jaune asked the obvious question, "Is it Bonesaw?"

"Don't say that!" Her voice hit a high, almost squeaky pitch on that one. "She...We're in another universe and her specialty isn't dimension travel, so it's not possible. Maybe a local esper equivalent." She didn't seem happy about that prospect, either. "But if it was a cape, they would have hit us along with everybody."

"Or they're saving us for later."

"Please, please, stop talking."

Jaune mimed zipping his mouth shut.

Tattletale took a deep breath to center herself. "It's not a cape," she declared. "Unless they were in the bathroom stall next to ours to see the portal appear, we haven't shown anything big and flashy that could compare to what espers can do. There's no value in going after us for our abilities, and even if there were, an indiscriminate attack on this many people would bring a ton of attention down on the perpetrator. There are easier methods, and better targets." She looked up at him. "Poisons or pathogens, then."

Jaune shrugged, not arguing. She nodded like he had given an actual response, and resumed pacing.

"Airborne? No, not the route it took. We're fine. Something in the city water supply, accumulated through daily intakes…but the people in the cars that drove away didn't crash, meaning their health wasn't being affected by it." She wandered past him to the open car door of the police van, peeking in. "Another one here. His partner." She indicated the policeman on the ground. "Identical condition. Her hand's extended. She was fiddling with the police radio set when she fell unconscious. Huh, a wedding ring. Picture on dashboard. Kids. Hers. They would have fallen sick days earlier if water and foodstuff were contaminated to the point it knocks out an adult, and this occurred without warning. She's at her job, in peak physical health. They were okay this morning when she left. Out of school and already married with kids—late thirties? Are you kidding me!?"

"What's wrong?" Jaune went over to the car, peering inside. The policewoman was there, as Tattletale said, slumped to the side with her head dangling. She did not have the helmet on like her partner—it was suspended from a hook attached to the van's ceiling, out of the way but within easy reach. Besides a faint bluish tint, she seemed merely asleep.

"What's wrong?" Tattletale echoed him, raging. "Her face! Her figure! She looks way too young for someone pushing forty!"

Jaune studied the officer one more time.

"Looks about right to me," he said. He'd put the woman as comparable in age to Glynda Goodwitch, the vice-headmistress of Beacon.

Realization dawned for Tattletale, and she scoffed. "Oh, great. I get it now. This is that thing again, isn't it? Where this isn't magazine model attractive in your world."

"Oh, no," Jaune denied. "She's pretty." Another comparable attribute to Glynda Goodwitch. She even has that stern, no-nonsense librarian impression. With glasses.

Hot.

Tattletale stared from the woman to Jaune. She then crossed her arms, and pouted. "Pretty, he says. Just pretty." Her voice faded to soft grumbles. "Different universes…complete bull…unfair…"

"This really is not the time, Tattletale."

"Screw you!"

He let that one pass, because in a flash he got why she was annoyed. The current world shared one specific aspect with Remnant: their levels of beauty lied close enough to each other for him to consider it normal, and for Tattletale to see it as unusual. That would explain why he had received only a handful of looks for the whole morning, and nothing more substantial came of it other than a passing comment on his blond hair—a trait far more common in foreigners than the Japanese, as he heard from Kamijou. Whereas Earth Bet, Dunwall, and Steelport of Saints Row had vaunted him to pretty boy status, here he blended in with the populace. Here, he was…mid.

And thus, Jaune's ego shrank one size smaller that day.

"I prefer the other Earths," he said, depressed.

"God, I do, too," agreed Tattletale, for a similar yet subtly different reason.

Still, his point stood. For the time being, they had bigger problems to deal with, so he shoved aside the issue of his appearance—not that there was anything wrong with it, mind you. What? Who's insecure? Shut up!—and returned to the matter at hand. Namely, the mystery of the falling bodies.

The clues given didn't offer much to him that Tattletale hadn't stated outright, although she might get further with them. He tried, nevertheless. Their group of two fell into quiet contemplation, their thoughts accompanied only by the droning murmur of the police radio.

They both found their gazes drifting towards it.

As Tattletale deduced, the policewoman's hand sort of extended in the direction of the communications set, suggesting she could have been operating the device in the moments leading up to the incident that incapacitated her and everyone else. A message was playing on it now, barely audible. An automated one judging by the monotone cadence.

The police might have an idea of the situation, was his thinking. Jaune withdrew his new phone from his pocket, tapping to the translation app.

That was when Tattletale pounced on his back to stop him, her words spilling out in a rush. "Wait, hold on, I know how it happened, the vector of attack is through media!"

"...Eh?" Jaune parsed that statement. "You're saying it's, what, like those flashing videos that can trigger epilepsy?"

"It makes sense. Look."

Pulling him away from the van, she pointed one by one at the nearby victims. According to her running commentary, a common thread connected them: each had a phone in hand or fallen next to them. Tattletale then directed his attention at the electronics store. Why would there be a whole group of people struck down at that spot, notably with some of them not carrying phones? The televisions behind the window were blaring the news. As for the police officers…

"The radio, clearly. The man fell. His partner saw it. She realized why and tried to shut off the volume before it got to her, only it was too late and that was that. Total wipeout, barring us."

Finished, Tattletale planted her hands on her hips, and waited for his reaction.

"Okay, that's a good theory," Jaune said. Damn good, in fact. He did not have a better one. There was one problem. "That said, how?"

Words can hurt. But like this?

"Some kind of memetic image," Tattletale suggested. "Maybe a specific sequence of words. People see it, or hear it, then they fall over unconscious."

And by the time a person figured out they're under attack, it would already be too late.

Jaune gulped. "The radio was on. Are we in danger?"

He wondered whether turning on Blank would grant him protection from this type of thing. The only way to know was to face it head on, a rather ill-advised course of action when failure could put him flat on the ground.

Turning it on could shield him. Keeping it off allowed Tattletale full use of her power, an alternative approach to prevent danger. Choices, choices.

"We've lasted this long, so I think we should be okay," Tattletale assured him. "It might be due to our lack of fluency in Japanese. We recognize the message as mere noises, and don't understand what was said. Same goes for the TVs. At this distance, we're not picking up the details, and I bet money that's countering the effect. We're safe," she stated with greater surety.

"Except that means we can't find any details of what the threat is and how to deal with it, or we'll go the same way as these guys."

"Which is why we should leave."

Man, he walked right into that one, didn't he?

"Let's not be hasty," he said.

"Hasty ones go home alive, slowpokes get eaten by bears," was her blithe reply. "Seriously, Jaune. We don't have the budget to produce a cure for these people, if there even is an effective cure in the Marketplace. This is something that requires an organized response from a government, millions of dollars, and weeks of devising a solution. Not two people with a time limit of less than half a day. At this stage, the scale is too far beyond us. What can we do?"

He supposed she intended it a rhetorical question. However, Jaune had an answer.

"We can ensure that the authorities are informed of the attack. They might not know yet, and like you just said, speed matters. The quicker they respond, the quicker they can contain its spread."

Tattletale flapped her mouth wordlessly, before she threw her hands in the air. "Oh, come on!" she whined. "I won that and you know it. Don't turn around and pretend I helped to make your point!"

"It's one detour," Jaune tried. He fished out his phone, and clumsily navigated the unfamiliar menu to the map app. He typed in a search, then showed the result to Tattletale. "There's a police station a few blocks from here, can we give it a shot? I doubt it would take long."

"Tch. Why are you so hung up on this?" Tattletale crossed her arms and looked at him in challenge, a stubborn set to her jaw. It told Jaune that he had yet to persuade her, for safety mattered more to the girl than strangers. He couldn't blame her. Unlike him, she possessed a better frame of reference for events of this nature—or worse, depending on how one looked at it. Whoever Bonesaw was, they inspired dread from a universe away.

To overcome that fear, he needed a surefire argument. Too bad he didn't have one.

Which finally led him to consider her question about his motivation in seriousness. Because she's being stubborn, yeah, but so was he. Why?

The answer came easy.

"Kamijou and Misaka may get caught up in the attack if we leave things alone," he said.

Tattletale stared, face a total blank.

"And this is clearly a bad thing," He added once the silence had stretched a bit too long.

"...Clearly."

The nod said she agreed with him. The tone said she held some reservations that she won't admit out loud.

Good enough. He'd take it.

Jaune mumbled a quiet apology to the people lying at his feet that he couldn't do much for, then spun on his heels and set off before Tattletale changed her mind. A few seconds later, she caught up, falling into step beside him.

Walking the city streets, Jaune got a view of how far the attack had extended at this point in time. By his reckon, the number of casualties remained pretty low considering the full population, fueling his optimism that they had a buffer ahead of it hitting critical mass. Not many people browsed the news in the early afternoon, and those struck through infected sites on their phones were left in no state to bring the attention of others to the same content. What Tattletale theorized to be a memetic virus had to wait for its prey, akin to a carnivorous plant.

The bad thing was, the prey kept coming. Along their route, Jaune spotted others who were up and awake. Despite the uncertainty he saw on their faces at this situation, it's heartening the amount of people that would dash over to a stranger to check on them.

It's also a little problematic, because…

"Stop, stop, stop, don't look! Don't—"

The office worker did the complete opposite of Jaune's warning, scanning the immediate area to end up looking at the phone. He collapsed on his side.

A distance apart from the new victim, one arm still outstretched, Jaune sighed. "Never mind."

"He didn't realize what you were talking about. Try telling the next person to specifically avoid the phone," Tattletale suggested. Jaune nodded, grateful for the advice.

Further up the road, an opportunity to put it in practice appeared as he noticed a kind-hearted student padding towards a body slumped against the wall of a building, ready to lend the victim aid.

"Hey! Whatever you do, don't look at the phone," he shouted to her, and his own phone projected the translation at a louder volume—a nifty feature that ensured others would hear him as if he had spoken in an understandable language. "I repeat, don't look at the phooone!"

The student said something—he'd guess "Phone?" in Japanese—and she then zoned in on the device. Down she went.

Tattletale applauded. "Wooow. You are literally making things worse, Jaune. Stop helping."

That gut punch sent Jaune to his knees, his face buried in his hands in utter exasperation.

"Tattletale, what is wrong with people?"

Ceasing her clapping, she gave a rueful chuckle. "It's psychology. When you warn someone of danger without describing the threat, they're going to search for where it's coming from so they can defend themselves against it. If you instead point to the threat, they can't help but focus on it, thinking that keeping the source of the danger in their sight will allow them to better avoid harm."

"Damn you, psychology…"

In a way, the concept was a familiar one. That exact principle applied too well to cases of Grimm. During an attack, the most singularly useless piece of advice was one that went along the line of "Listen, everybody. Ravening hordes of Grimm are ramming the walls. Oh, but don't worry or panic!" Saying that would just cause everyone in the shelter to worry and panic, and the negative emotions to draw in more Grimm. Yet in the absence of directions, the people would crane their ears, trying to hear outside, their imaginations painting nightmarish scenes that sent them slipping into despair. In the end, fear grew stronger anyway.

Forewarning, frankness, isolation, ignorance. None of these approaches ever truly worked as a solution. There's no good answer, then or now.

Nevertheless, Jaune gave a few additional attempts, hoping for different results. He threw in the towel when he ran out of volunteers. Their journey proceeded without interruptions from then on, albeit with a lot more embarrassment on Jaune's part.

"I mean, they would have gotten infected by the virus in any case, so it's not my fault."

"Yup," came Tattletale's chipper reply.

"...Who am I kidding? It's completely my fault."

"Oh, yeah. Definitely," she agreed, sounding all too cheerful about it and not even bothering to make him feel better. Jaune exhaled a long, suffering breath.

Rallying, he said. "Shouldn't people be smarter than this, though? So, okay, I've met idiots before—hell, nobody considers me a paragon of intellectual thoughts—but my instructions were clear! They're dead simple to understand!"

He'd like to think that he would have listened to someone screaming for him to shut his eyes. Wouldn't he?

Then again, knowing himself…

Ugh. Stupid psychology.

"You sweet summer child." Tattletale skipped ahead, then spun to walk backward, facing him. "Here's the truth, Jaune." She held up one hand in a v-sign. "There are two types of people in the world: Those dumber than me, and those who don't yet realize they're dumber than me."

"Where do you fall in that equation?" He asked, confused.

"I'm above it. Shut up. My point is—"

What her point was, she never elaborated on, falling quiet as she peered curiously past Jaune's shoulder. He turned to follow her gaze.

At some point, a woman had entered the street from a side alley. She had noticed the pair, but was in no hurry to reach them, strolling along at a sedate pace in the middle of the road. Robes of a garish yellow and brown assaulted the eyes of anyone who looked at her, but that would be fast forgotten once a person took in her facial features. Piercings dotted her visage, following no sense of rhyme or reason that Jaune could discern; it broke up the symmetry into something akin to a cracked window. Heavy makeup around the eyes lent her the impression of a raccoon. On her shoulder rested a long warhammer, wrapped in barbed wires. A wide, maddened smile crossed her lips.

Upon seeing this person, a rush of relief washed over Jaune.

You can't tell him that's not a Huntress, or the local equivalent.

Next to him, Tattletale piped up, half to herself, "The clothes she wears…the way she stalks instead of walks is practiced…and the piercings, their placements are deliberate…It's all to appear unpleasant for others." A scoff. "Heh. That's adorable. She should meet Skitter." She glanced at Jaune. "Why isn't it working on you, though?" she asked as an aside.

"I've seen wilder getups at Beacon," he said, shrugging. Images flashed by. A legion of topless mohawk guys. The month where spiky shoulder pads were in vogue. A cult—their team claimed to be an aspiring music band, but nobody believed them—that swore by frilly skirts paired with rebreather masks. One girl who always looked like she came out of a hospital room that morning, wreathed in bandages splattered with crimson (red dye). "Don't overanalyze it, Tattletale—this is fashion." Where there existed neither rules nor taboo.

"Are you sure?" Tattletale was unconvinced.

"It tracks with my world, at least. Don't you have something similar with the costumes your heroes and villains wear?" Taking it upon himself to be polite, Jaune turned back to the woman, waving to her. "Are you from the city government?" he called out. The app spat out a translation.

"No." The woman hadn't said a word. That answer came courtesy of the girl at his side, and her superpower.

"Independently contracted, then?" he mused under his breath. Getting real Huntress vibes here. Louder, he said, "Is there anything we can assist you with?"

Once again, his partner read ahead of the script, and replied in place of the stranger. "No."

"I think she'd prefer to speak for herself, Tattletale," he said with a slight note of reprimand. Tattletale blew a raspberry at him.

At that moment, the woman opened her mouth. A delicate metal chain unfurled, stretching to waist height and attached to an unusually long tongue by a piercing. She wagged the tongue in an undulating (and frankly lewd) manner, the grin splitting even wider, causing the cross connected to the end of the chain to dangle back and forth.

"Or maybe not."

But then, the woman confirmed his earlier thought, finally responding.

"Heathen tongues spoken by heathen means, never have I seen a heretic whose addled brain is so far gone that he needed a machine to talk in his place. As expected of this shitty den of sin," she called across the remaining distance.

Well. That sure was something.

"Hello, my name is Jaune, it's nice to meet you," he said, a little sarcastically. Was it painful for other people to use normal greetings? "You can also just say 'city' and 'young people these days,' you know. They're much politer terms for the same thing."

The woman rolled her eyes. Only, in an over-exaggerated motion that looked odd to him. "Leave it to a degenerate wallowing in ignorance—"

"Again, rude."

"—to quibble over the minor details." The metal chain clinked and jangled as she spoke. "Did it even occur to you to wonder who I am?"

Jaune frowned at the nasty attitude that the woman seemed to insist upon. It went further than the level of, say, an Annoying Blonde he cared to name. Tattletale may be exasperating at times, but she was cute in comparison to this woman.

He then recalled the incident where Tattletale sent him spiraling into a pit of despair, ready to go back to Remnant and jump on the fire lady's sword, and he grew puzzled at how this woman could bother him even more while saying a lot less. Her words lacked the barbs and the bitter truths. They were mere abuse, hurled with little regard. Empty, in essence. Yet he felt worse for it than anything Tattletale had ever said of him.

It's a difference in intensity that he found hard to explain. Her speech and demeanor created an oppressive atmosphere that chafes at him in an uncomfortable way, making him feel as if it was becoming harder to breathe.

Tattletale startled, whipping her head in his direction. She studied him, head cocked to listen intently.

"What are you doing?" he asked.

Ignoring him, she pursed her lips in thought. Her gaze then flickered towards something off to the side of the road. Green eyes grew wider. She grinned.

Without an explanation, Jaune was left shaking his head at the strange behavior. He soon refocused on the woman in yellow to continue the conversation. "Who are you, then?"

"Took you fucking long enough." Arrogantly, she swept her arms out wide. "Vento of the Front, and I am the one—"

A blonde head of hair appeared in his vision.

"Hey, Jaune!" Tattletale shouted, clapping her hands together an inch from his face to make him blink. She was on tiptoes, taking light hops to get on his eye level.

"What the—" Jaune moved to the left. She hopped one step over. He slid to the right, and she followed suit to once again plonk herself in front of him. "Tattletale, could you move?" he asked, tilting this way and that to peek around her, straining his ear to catch what the woman named Vento was saying.

"...magic…science…declaration of…"

"What was that?" he said, getting the odd feeling that he was missing critical exposition.

With a growl, the woman tried to repeat her words, growing visibly annoyed at the head bobbing up and down, partially blocking her and Jaune's views of each other.

"Forget the weirdo, Jaune," Tattletale ordered, displaying a total lack of self-awareness. She spun towards Vento, pointing with her finger. "She's a poor, out of touch lady that hasn't changed her phone in years. One of those luddites that thinks we lived better lives in the Middle Ages."

What do those words mean, he wanted to ask first and foremost.

Vento understood them, and for a beat, she seemed at a loss of what to make of the accusation. However, she recovered quickly, and snarled back at Tattletale, "If it wasn't for the false promises of science—"

"Ha! I knew it!" Tattletale crowed, triumphant. "See that, Jaune? I was right. And check out her clothes. She's larping as a peasant in the middle of the city. Hilarious!"

Now Jaune just felt bad for the woman, being so abused by his companion.

Leaning down next to Tattletale's ear, he whispered, "Hey, could you ease up? She might have been a little ill-mannered, but…" Jaune trailed off, and leaned further forward in order to look Tattletale in the eye. The corner of his mouth quirked upward in a small smile. "Hang on, are you bullying her because she was mean to me?"

Tattletale balked, "Wha—no!" She whirled around to face him, and skipped a step away to create a space between them. "Like hell I was. I'm doing this because—" Her lips pressed together.

"Because?"

"Not important. Not relevant. I'll tell you later."

"Uh-huh," he said, amused. Tattletale shoved him, scowling.

"Shush. Let me work." Plastering on a saccharine smile, she turned to Vento.

"Done, are we?" Vento said, cocking an eyebrow. "I suppose that explains things well enough. Two dogs in—"

A blonde head of hair appeared in his vision.

"Hey, Jaune!"

"—FUCK!" Vento screamed, overcome by an incandescent rage.

"I am so, so sorry about her." Jaune covered his face in embarrassment. "She's not normally like this," he tacked on to help salvage the situation.

It wasn't a complete lie, either. The girl tended to rub people the wrong way, but he hasn't seen her do it in such an obvious, over-the-top fashion. The idea he proposed, that she took offense for his sake, was voiced half in jest, and even if true, he doubted she would have dialed it up to this degree. It's a deliberate act, then, mirroring—and exceeding—the behavior exhibited by Vento. Which begged the question of why.

A tug on his sleeves made him look up. It was Tattletale.

"Don't ask why."

"You're doing that thing again." The mind-reading that's supposedly not mind-reading.

"Heh, I know. So, look, you want me to let up on her. I'm willing to do that."
"Really?"

She nodded, but her eyes weren't on him. They're darting to the side, sending glances past her shoulder.

He tried to look, too. In response, she grabbed his chin and pulled so he could only see her.

"One thing, though. I need you to obey what I say next without talking back and without thinking. Can you?"

"Ehhh…" Making promises like that sounded like the kind of decision that got past Arcs in trouble.

"Jaune, I'm serious."

A simple phrase, with no strong inflection. It changed everything.

Losing all trace of humor, he stared her dead in the eyes. "Okay. Say it."

She pointed behind him. "I want to be three blocks that way, as fast as you ca–an!" Her voice ended with a high-pitched squeak as Jaune had already lifted her on a shoulder with one hand and—with a twist of his hips—launched [Third Arm] with the other. It latched onto a parked car, yanking them both in that direction.

His shoes scraped against the asphalt, barely keeping him from falling on his face as he slid along the road. Near the end of the maneuver, he canceled the power and pushed from the ground, vaulting over the car to get to the other side. He hit the ground running.

Something hit the car, and Jaune heard the sound of tearing metal.

"What was that?" he yelled, forgetting that he was supposed to not ask questions.

"Just the wind~" Tattletale singsonged, before she shifted position. He had no idea what she was doing, but she was being very animated in doing it. Immediately after, there came a scream from further back.

"What did you do to set her off!?"

"Nothing~"

"You have a lot of explaining to do once we're done!"

"Nope."

Jaune forewent a rebuttal, too occupied by running. He had started well, but the exertion was hitting him earlier than should be possible. By the midpoint mark, he was huffing and puffing, and what should have been an easy sprint felt like he had weights strapped to his ankle—a type of training Pyrrha loved to use. He pushed through it, dismissing it as an off day.

Off day or not, he was still a lot faster than someone swaddled in ankle-length robes, and Vento's vulgar curses soon faded in the distance. Three blocks down the road, Tattletale directed him around the corner, then into the first alleyway they saw, encouraging him to go just a bit further. He complied without protest on both counts, at this point feeling rather woozy and sucking in great, heaving breaths with each stride. The lightheadedness stifled any desire to speak or think. Only once they went deep inside the alley did Tattletale grant him blessed relief by telling him he could stop. Placing her back on the ground, he leaned on the wall. Sweat poured down his brow as he fell into a coughing fit, wheezing like a lifelong smoker.

Between gulps of air, he gestured, and a water bottle appeared, purchased during their shopping foray. Greedily, he drank it down, draining the bottle before tossing it in a nearby dumpster. Now somewhat refreshed, another hand motion summoned his scroll, where he pulled up the Aura meter function. It left him scratching his head.

There was Aura. A quarter full and still recovering since he parted ways with Kamijou. The rate at which he regained Aura aligned with past experiences. Things seemed normal, meaning the exercise should have been a breeze. Even a sliver of it enabled superhuman feats, doubly so for a person his age. Except, he hadn't run like a man in his prime. He ran like Peter Port after a full lunch course.

One possibility reared its head. Jaune flicked on [Blank].

Nothing happened. He was still winded. Getting better, but not 'throwing off the shackles of a mind worm' better.

Had the memetic virus not gotten him after all, or were they wrong in their assumption, and it worked via other means?

As has become common, he looked to Tattletale for an answer.

"Hehehe! Oh, man, that was great! I won! Ahahaha!"

She's…a little distracted.

Tattletale, for reasons beyond comprehension, was celebrating. Her laughter rang across the alley as she pumped her fists in the air, hopping up and down, giving all the impression of a champion athlete. A big attitude for the sack of potatoes he carried the entire length here.

Jaune cut off her self-congratulations with a cough. "Sorry to interrupt, but I might have a small problem. I'm not breathing right. Do you have an idea of what's going on?"

She nodded. "I do, and don't worry. It should sort itself out with time, especially once we leave this universe." She skipped closer, and tapped him on the nose. "Let that be a lesson. Stop acting so hateful, Jaune. Be nicer to people."

He spluttered, "You were the one to bully that woman until she cracked!"

The audacity of this girl!

Tattletale smirked. "Is that how you saw it? Nah, I was just playing with her. She's so easy to figure out. I can run rings around her with my eyes closed."

"See? That. I'm talking about that. You definitely have an issue with her."

"I don't!" she insisted. "In fact, she's nothing to me. I only pity her. Heh."

There was a joke hidden in her words. A secret she refused to outright tell him.

He could piece together a few clues, though.

"I think I get it. Vento was the ene—"

His back hit the ground. A weight settled on his chest. He looked up to green eyes. A subtly sweet perfume. The tips of blonde hair brushing his face. He could feel her breath on his skin.

"Who cares about some loser in a peasant dress?" Tattletale leaned down close to him, eyes half-lidded, and his mind went blank. "C'mon, focus on me. I'm much more interesting."

And he did. His gaze numbly traced the contours of her face, counting the freckles, and lingering on her lips. It then traveled along her neck, and down to her body resting atop his own. The tight-fitted blouse had its top two buttons undone. Concerns of memetic viruses, people unable to wake up, Vento, and his breathing difficulties were forgotten in lieu of thoughts about a cute girl.

"Had a good look?" she asked after a moment, arching an eyebrow.

He nodded, somewhat experiencing trouble finding his tongue.

"Hmmm, you do seem sufficiently distracted. It should be alright now." Tattletale preened. "Hell yeah. Go me."

Hopping off his chest, she stood and offered him a hand up. He regarded it with suspicion before accepting the help. Her hand was soft to the touch, and warm.

Back on his feet, Jaune stared at Tattletale, a dozen questions vying to be said. She forestalled him with a wink.

"You'll get the story later. For now, we have a university to visit."

…University?

It took an age for him to recall the plan they concocted hours ago. Tattletale came up with it, which was a simultaneous reason for him to remember, and to wander off on a daydreaming tangent. Her snickering brought him back to Remnant—to Earth, he meant.

"Not the portal? You were pushing for that."

"The circumstances have changed. I figured a few things out. What's happening to this city isn't a problem for us"—she caught his look—"and not for the victims, at least in the long term. A missed day of work, a couple of bruises from falling. Nothing permanent. The effect isn't designed to kill."

Jaune relaxed, and nodded in understanding. That was a relief to hear.

"Our, ah, let's call it 'resistance', to the virus will protect us from falling unconscious, while if we're lucky the university would be in pandemonium, giving us a chance to enter undetected. A quick in and out, no casualties—it'd be the easiest job we've ever done."

A phone rang.

The pair looked down at the purse hanging by Tattletale's hip, where the ringtone emanated from. She opened the purse, and withdrew the device, peering at the screen.

"What's this number?"

"It's not Kamijou or Misaka?" Theirs were the only entries besides Jaune in her phone. "Spam call, then," he said with complete certainty.

"With this timing?"

"They have the worst timing. Let it ring."

She shook her head in refusal, and pressed the answer button. Another tap set it to speakers.

"Might I suggest a different approach?" said an odd voice on the line, in perfect English.

Of course. Another one allergic to saying 'hello, my name is—' to a person.

"I, am Aleister Crowley. Board Chairman of Academy City."

Oh, no! Another mind reader!

"A bigshot, huh?" Tattletale opined, mind awhirl. She motioned to Jaune, miming knocking back a drink. He summoned a Piero's Remedy and passed it to her. The concoction soothed her power's side effects, leaving a bright-eyed and bushy-tailed Tattletale ready to face anybody.

"Think me a mere custodian."

"A bigshot," Tattletale confirmed.

The voice on the line chuckled, and that's when Jaune hit on the reason he found it odd. The person's voice did not sound like anything, or it sounded like everything. They may have been a man or a woman, a full chorus or a singular performance, meshed into one harmony. The laugh contained notes and inflections aplenty, and as Jaune listened, he anticipated it to finish, to continue, to change into an angry snarl, to end with a soft sigh. The voice signaled multiple possible intents.

Tattletale had taken note. "Just to let you know, a synthesized voice doesn't exactly scream trustworthy. And spying on a girl is a big no-no."

"I put forth a theory to you: a voice specifically crafted to engender trust is one that is sure to lie."

"They've got a point," Jaune offered.

"As for my keeping abreast of developments big and small…"

"Concerning choice of words there," Jaune said.

Tattletale's teeth grounded together. "He knows exactly what he's saying, the pervert."

He? How did she tell that?

Another laugh, full of mirth and grief and other discordant emotions. "A joke. The truth is that the proper caretaking of this city demands a watchful eye, lest it faces unforeseen variables."

"And are we the unforeseen variables?" Tattletale asked, wary. Beside her, Jaune started scanning the area, alert for an attack. They both could read between the lines. Phrases like that often suggested violence to come.

"Of a sort. One not so pressing upon my time," assured Crowley. The phone fell quiet for a beat. "By now, you have grasped the nature of the Puzzle."

Tattletale chimed in, "Good word for it. Avoids the complications."

"Yes. However, the use of the epithet is insufficient as a solution. Learning the details of the Puzzle beyond the name have in most cases led to a leave of absence. Meanwhile, the errands are left unattended."

"Oh, really? What a conundrum for you. I see where this is going."

"Others in my employ harbor ties to this city that make them unsuited for the tasks at hand. Affection, loyalty, greed, protectiveness, and so on. You number among the rare few in the immediate area with no strong feelings on the Puzzle and its various implications, and therefore can operate within its periphery."

"You want mercenaries," said Jaune, recognizing that part even if he's the only one of the three missing the broader strokes. Hiring a person from outside to come and handle a problem, it's somewhat akin to a Huntsman contract.

"Call it part-timers. As your partner says, it avoids the complications."

"Why should we agree to this?" Tattletale asked, fishing for information. She tried to hide her interest, one that Jaune shared. Mercenaries, Huntsmen, part-timers, call them what you will, they get paid for their work. And if he was to be believed, Crowley represented a direct line to the top. A person at his level would have resources, and in Academy City that could include access to the cool toys.

"The corporations tout their sponsorship of the universities. They never mention that no entity invests into the city more than I. What you hope to find there, I can provide, and better in every way. They hold prototypes. I offer the finished product."

'Damn,' Jaune mouthed silently to Tattletale.

Agreeing, she mouthed back, 'Good sales pitch.'

"And…"

"I knew it!" Tattletale shouted into the phone. "Here comes the stick."

"Quite. Your presence has caught the eye of certain interested parties who believe the pair of you possess anomalous properties unknown to the current framework of Science…and of the other side. Enhanced strength, speed, and reactions. Heightened intelligence in one subject. Adverse response to contact with"—the voice became garbled—"followed by a notable period exhibiting baseline metrics. Recovery occurred sans the aid of external processes. Each on their own is unremarkable, the sum total breaks a number of established theories. They want to see what makes you tick."

Tattletale scoffed. "Let me guess, you'll set them loose on us if we reject the deal."

Crowley's next words froze them in their tracks.

"No, they were already loose."

"Eh?" Jaune said, displaying his heightened intelligence.

"The many organizations of Academy City are ever eager to advance scientific knowledge or gain a competitive edge. Zealously so. I reined them in once I decided to meet you."

They were almost lab rats. How about that?

"What gave us away?" he asked.

"Those who exert influence upon the Level Fives are always scrutinized."

In other words, Tattletale got them in trouble with her big mouth.

Jaune leveled a deadpan stare at her. She turned to look off into the distance.

The voice continued on, unaware (or simply ignoring) their byplay. "In any case, your value in regard to the Puzzle exceeds the potential of their research, and it earns you a measure of reprieve. Work for me, and that protection becomes permanent. I shield my people from harm." Crowley made the weighty promise with the air of one talking about the weather.

Mulling on it, Tattletale gave a suggestion. "Give us a minute." She placed the phone on the ground, and pulled Jaune with her to a short distance away, where they put their heads together to discuss the offer.

He was for it. A load of tech better than what they can find on their own, and legal to boot, to juxtapose an unknown number of hostile forces waiting in the wing—the carrot was delicious, and the stick barbed with a blade attached. Part of the choice seemed out of their hand, yet even then he could see how it's rather simple to thread the needle to get everything they wanted.

As for Tattletale…caution may temper her greed, but her greed was great indeed. They reached an accord, albeit with a caveat—more of a quibble, really.

Returning to their places, Tattletale picked up the phone. Psyching herself up, she smiled like a fox.

"Well, I think we could be convinced. Let's negotiate that pay package, and see where it takes us from there, yeah?"

"Agreed. I shall provide you with a catalogue shortly."

"Cool. One thing, though."

Crowley waited, the phone silent.

Affecting nonchalance, she carried on, "I like to think of us as a meeting of equals. Nice to work with you."

There's the caveat. For whatever reason, Tattletale had vehemently protested the idea of being subordinate to a shadowy boss hidden behind a phone.

-o-​

A cola delivery truck barreled down the avenue, accompanied by much screaming. Jaune sat in the driver seat, driving badly. Tattletale sat in the passenger seat, passenging badly.

"Slow down, the turn's here!" Her voice grew shrill. "Slow the fuck down!"

To ease the car into a gradual stop, Jaune pressed on the brake pedal with a light touch—by Remnant standard. The wheels locked up, screeching as it scraped over the asphalt. A frantic swing of the steering wheel sent the vehicle into a drift, the cargo box sweeping in an arc it was never designed for; Jaune winced mid-shriek as it clipped a sedan in passing. He hoped the owner didn't store anything in the trunk, because the entire back part was reduced to wreckage.

By now, the truck was perpendicular to the avenue, facing the street they were meant to enter and tilting dangerously; it's a coin flip whether it would fall on its side. Dredging up what knowledge he possessed on Earth vehicles and the study of momentum physics (which roughly matched his level of expertise in neuroscience), Jaune slammed on the throttle.

Tattletale's head banged against the headrest.

The truck shot forward, insofar that something of that size could, righting in the process via hocus-pocus Academy City magic that Jaune didn't understand. A safety measure doohickey that does a thingy was his best guess. Or just straight up magic. His ability to drive certainly had nothing to do with it. The one vehicle he had operated before today was his family's van. The important thing was that every rubber tire touched the road surface, and neither he nor Tattletale got hurt—and if they did, it was an injury Aura could heal in a minute. Better yet, it's a straight shot to their destination from here.

Following their established rhythm, he asked for the third time, "The car there is empty, right?"

Tattletale paused in soothing her throat (from the screaming). She craned her neck, nudging her power to draw a conclusion.

"Final check: empty. You're good to go. Slow down and give it a tap." Showing precisely how much she trusted him, Tattletale closed her eyes and braced for impact.

Jaune huffed, a tad miffed. He moved his foot over to the brake pedal again. Having learned his lesson, this time he applied less pressure.

"I don't feel us slowing down. Are you braking?" Tattletale cracked open one eye, peeking out between her fingers. Another bout of screaming promptly ensued.

The front of the truck and pretty much the whole body of the other car crumpled as they met in a metal-rending cacophony, with Jaune and Tattletale smashing against the deploying airbags. Laying there, waiting for the noise to die down, Jaune smelled the acrid scent of smoke beginning to waft up from the engine.

"Time to get out, Tattletale." He pushed the airbag to create space, then hopped down from the truck. Skipping a couple of steps away, he turned around to beheld the carnage. "Mission accomplished," he declared with pride.

He spotted Tattletale stumbling along in a dizzy stupor on the other side of the crash.

"We're"—she grabbed a street light for balance—"taking a smaller car next time."

"Whaaat? Don't say that. I really think I'm getting the hang of gas engines—the Combustion Dust I'm used to takes a firmer hand, is all. Besides, this is faster than fetching three or four cars." He pointed. "Look how we got most of the street with one truck, and I bet anybody seeing this would believe it's an accident."

"Because it was!"

"Ex-actly. They'd have a hard time peering past it, too, so they aren't going to be inclined to walk down it."

Which was part of the task requested by Crowley for this street, and many other spots around this district. Jaune and Tattletale weren't committing grand theft auto for fun.

Well, in truth, the voice on the line had neglected to clarify why he wanted his city plagued by a spree of vehicular disasters, simply that he was paying to make it happen. Jaune kind of figured things out for himself from the specifications—there needed to be less than so-and-so space for egress, should take place near enough to the mouth of the street that a person would notice it, while distant enough to discourage further scrutiny, etc.

They were blocking off the streets, but with subtlety.

Rejoining his partner, he asked, "Where to next?"

Tattletale retrieved her phone from the utility belt of her costume (donned once again now that she was 'on the job'). On it, a new text awaited them. She checked what it said, then referred to the navigation app.

"End of this street. Loop around the traffic circle, and take the second exit. Scene's clear, so just car work. He wants us to knock out access to the footbridge crossing that section of the stream. Aaaand"—she scrolled down—"a side order of ramming a car into the ice cream parlor near that."

That's a first.

"The heck does he have against the ice cream parlor? What, it gave him bad service or something?"

She shrugged. "He didn't mention. That said, these online reviews suggest that a lot of people would cheer for us if they knew what we're going to do."

Fifteen minutes later, the pair exited a ruined storefront, ice cream cones in hand.

"I gotta say, Tattletale. After fourteen counts of stealing cars, and now vandalism—"

"Pretty sure it's called malicious mischief in this case. We committed 'wanton and gleeful' destruction instead of mere destruction."

"Gleeful?"

"You were laughing. That makes it a worse offense."

"Huh. Malicious mischief sounds so whimsical, though. Like it should be less serious than vandalism…Anyway, my point was that after hijacking a bunch of cars and getting up to some malicious mischief, stealing an ice cream cone barely feels like a crime anymore. Isn't that odd?"

Tattletale just grinned wider, and licked her vanilla ice cream.

Once they finished with the impromptu snack break, Jaune washed down the taste of chocolate with a water bottle from his Pocket, then tossed it in a trash can in passing. (Because littering was one step too far!) He and Tattletale then followed the instructions for their next job, traveling downstream to double back on the other side of the water. Jaune got them a ride, seizing control of the car's computer through his amazing ability to press a button on a car-hacking device Crowley had provided them via delivery drone, and off they went to a new destination.

At first, he had a hard time believing that the city government funded a car-hacking device. Tattletale explained it as law enforcement agencies needing to know how to commit crime to stop crime. As was sometimes the case during his travels with her, that factoid rang strangely close to the Huntsman training and mindset instilled at Beacon, though framed in a light that made him very uncomfortable.

She laughed like he told a great joke when he mentioned it.

They soon arrived at another Academy City road, one as unfamiliar as the rest, and set to their task. Since the scene wasn't cleared, meaning there were people lying around unconscious due to the 'Puzzle' that Tattletale and Crowley kept harping about, this involved his favorite part of the job. Carrying people to safety.

He began at one end of the street, hefting a student up and putting him on his shoulder. A quick jog to the closest building, and he deposited the person inside. (No fancy tech this time—if a door's locked, Crowley had given them a crowbar.) Next was an office worker, then an old lady, followed by her husband, and so on.

Early on, Tattletale also pitched in to move the victims...until Jaune asked her to stop. She had an unfortunate tendency to get lazy, whereupon she'd start dragging bodies along by their feet, uncaring of faces scraping on the pavement. Her job now was to move ahead of him, removing phones as a precaution before he got there to transport the people.

Finally, once every victim laid safe and sound out of harm's way, they capped off their heartwarming and honest efforts with a car pileup to deter people from traveling in that direction.

It's not the sort of thing he expected from this arrangement going in. It's annoying and exhausting compared to driving Earth cars, especially with his current easily-winded state. The victims felt like potato sacks in how their weight shifts and rolls at inconvenient times, and liable to slip out of his grasp at the slightest mistake. Progress moved at a snail's pace.

He loved it. Rescue work. Plus a side of demolition derby, but the general thrust of that probably counted as 'rescue work'-adjacent.

The completion of this task saw a beaming Jaune regrouping with Tattletale. Her face was buried in the map on her phone.

"Where to, captain?" he joked.

"None yet. I'm…Here, check this out. It's easier to see for yourself." She turned her phone slightly, inviting him to come closer. On the map were a series of pins she had placed. Tattletale pointed to one. "This is the job on this street. The other pins are the rest of the jobs we've done. There are gaps, but they roughly form two routes." She drew lines with a finger to illustrate. "Interestingly, they intersect. Right at…that spot." She tapped a pin on the map, which brought up a picture and a name.

The name he did not recognize. However, the building, the sign out front, the smaller pictures of food available there…

"A diner?"

"Yup. It's obvious that we're shepherding two parties to meet at the diner."

So that's it. Crowley had contracted them to help fix a match. His goal, to neutralize one side or the other—or both.

"Nice detective work, Tattletale." He said, impressed.

Tattletale smirked, basking in the praise.

"We stay out of these lanes as much as possible," she advised as the phone dinged with a new message. "Wouldn't want to kick things off by accident."

For the next hour, they continued in the same vein, moving bodies and crashing cars. Under Crowley's directions, they racked up a couple more instances of malicious mischief, and Jaune became convinced their employer held many, many petty grudges. And against a dozen different fields—restaurants, newspapers, music stores, accountants, publishing houses.

Now that Tattletale had pointed it out, he could tell how they're closing the gaps. Over time, things shaped up to, not a full-on blockade, but a mild suggestion to follow specific routes. So artful was it, that he got caught by the trap once or twice, his feet simply making a particular choice when he encountered an intersection they had visited (wrecked) previous. Their actions culminated in one big chessboard, playing to one man's purpose.

It therefore came as little surprise that after getting out of the last car, which Jaune launched onto a sidewalk to block the path, the pair received not a text, but a call. Tattletale answered it.

"Well done. You've completed your tasks right on time for the phase to begin."

Tattletale buffed her nails on her costume, adopting a carefree tone. "Psh. It was no big deal. Easy-peasy."

A laugh on the line. "I have your next assignment. You may see combat, and thus payment will draw from the second pool of items, as agreed."

Jaune leaned in, much more alert. This was the arena where he shined.

"Color me interested. Can you give some details?" he asked.

"An esper has gone rogue. He intends to abduct a child under my custody. I would like you to rendezvous with a different group of agents tasked with neutralizing the threat."

Jaune and Tattletale shared a look.

An Esper. The local variant of a Huntsman or parahuman. Someone with powers beyond the ordinary. Dangerous. Fascinating.

As for the motive…Jaune wouldn't mind introducing his fist to the esper's face. Tattletale has worse plans in store—kidnappers topped the list of people she despised.

"Alright," he said, coldly. "What kind of person are we dealing with, then?"

The voice on the line answered.

"They call him Accelerator."



Author's Notes: (。￣-￣)

Vento. Basic explanation: She magic. Hate her = instant loss.
A bit more: Those who hold hostility towards Vento will be robbed of air in their lungs. Theorized by characters in the novel to have different levels severity, but by the point where they regard her as 'the enemy', they have hit the max level where the air is just barely enough to keep them alive.
Guesses on how Jaune and Tattletale survived their encounter.
Last edited: Apr 23, 2025
Stories:
QQ Sneaking His Way into the Multiverse , a RWBY Jaune, WC-lite mechanics story.
Other RWBY stories on AO3 or FF - Yakuza Arc | Conquered Menagerie: Annals of the Sixth Kingdom | Cat, Bunny, and the Good Ship Honey Starbright | The Agent
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, RSR2000, Amdiranifani and 696 others
LazyAutumnMoon
Feb 25, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 24: A Certain Otherworld Huntsman - Learning_with_Vectors
View content
LazyAutumnMoon
LazyAutumnMoon
We all need Sundancer in our life.
JoinedJun 7, 2024
Messages289
Likes received68,284
Mar 5, 2025
Add bookmark
#670
Chapter 24: A Certain Otherworld Huntsman - Learning_with_Vectors​

Jaune walked the empty streets, Tattletale strolling along next to him. Above their heads, the overcast sky had progressed to a light drizzle, covering the city with the soft *plip plop* of rain. It's the one sound they could hear within a dead world. The phenomenon at work putting people to sleep seemed to be spreading further and further, because they had not encountered another awake person in quite some time.

It was just them and the rain, for miles and miles.

To keep dry, the duo held umbrellas in their hands. Tattletale had purchased them from a convenience store—well, 'purchased' as in she left the money on the counter, since the employees had been indisposed when she entered the store. The umbrellas were dirt cheap, she told him. Apparently, they came at a discount.

In any case, Jaune was grateful to have a bit of shelter above their heads. His poncho was great but didn't protect his new phone as he held it in front of his face, and it wouldn't do to have the device ruined by the elements. The store advertised it as water-resistant, not waterproof, and he was less than keen to test the limits between one and the other, all the more so when it held critical information sent over by Crowley on their target.

Red eyes glared at Jaune from the screen of his phone. The boy in the picture was maybe a year or two younger than him, and pale to the point that it seemed unhealthy. Coupled with his skinny build lacking in visible muscles, the overall impression told the story of someone who had never gone outside, or lifted weights. Chalk-white hair framed a delicate, almost androgynous face that might have been called beautiful were it not marred by an ugly sneer.

"He looks…" Jaune searched for the best way to put it. "Angry."

"Surprisingly, that's his normal face," Tattletale replied. She studied the picture with far greater attention than him, pumping it for any scraps she could glean. "His cheeks aren't showing signs of strain. Our friend here is like this to everyone. What a pleasant guy."

Accelerator. 'Pleasant guy.' Rogue esper. Real name: X. Age: X. History: X. His personal file could be summarized in a paragraph considering the amount of blank spaces present. Their target was a ghost within the system.

The documents on his powers, in contrast, spanned a few hundred pages and would take a person like Jaune days (weeks… years… maybe decades) to go through. Tattletale was giving a damn good try at speed-reading it, the file open on her own phone. The bewildered looks that she tried to play off throughout the experience suggested not a great deal of success thus far. How would one comprehend the concept of an apple, if they have never seen the color red, never tasted a flavor, never encountered a fruit? Now trade apple for cenapholesticeadiploid, a word Jaune would with 99% confidence say did not exist in his universe and might have been fabricated to apply for this one specific case subject, and there stood the problem. The principles referenced, and sometimes even the vocabulary used, were things Tattletale would have little chance to encounter before in her life. She's a supervillainess who made a career out of thieving, whereas scientific dissertations on espers might be the sort of thing that required a foundation in multiple research fields to begin to understand.

Good luck ever getting the girl to admit her shortcomings, though. Her natural intellect and her superpower working in concert have, Tattletale claimed, made significant headway in the endeavor. Jaune translated it as 'I'm lying through my teeth' in his mind, and was not surprised in the least that she had gravitated over to his screen for answers.

Then again, the dossier in front of him did hold the information he considered most tactically relevant to the task at hand. Hundreds of pages, condensed into three words.

"Manipulation of vectors. I don't think I've ever heard of a Semblance described in those words."

Tattletale pointed at herself with the hand holding her phone. "I know of capes who can do something like it. We have a few of them in Brockton Bay, even." She adopted her usual lecturing pose, which consisted solely of a smug grin that proclaimed her audience to be idiots in need of an education. (Not for the first time, he thought that she would make the worst teacher.) "In basic terms, it's an ability that works on direction and force. For what that means in practice, we have the likes of Ballistic, Krieg, and Skidmark, villains who—"

Jaune stumbled, his foot making a splash as it landed in a puddle. "Excuse me, what was that last one?" he asked, unwilling to believe he heard it right. "I'm not sure if our worlds share the same meaning for every word, but in mine that one could refer to…well…"

Tattletale scrunched her nose in disgust. "Ah. Yeah, it's the same on Earth Bet, too. Most of the local cape scene preferred not to talk about him. I don't either, so let's just get him out of the way first. His power is to lay down these strips of energy, these marks, on a surface of his choosing that send whatever touches them skidding in a set direction."

Hence the unfortunate name, although that did not explain in full the deranged mind behind the decision to choose it out of an infinite number of possibilities for use as a villainous alter ego.

"Ballistic of the Travelers, who may be of interest to you, is more direct." Annoyingly, she did not elaborate further on why he should care about this person. He filed it away to ask later, and Tattletale's enigmatic smile told Jaune that she was very aware of how it will gnaw at him between now and then. "With a touch, he imparts kinetic energy into an object to throw it at a target. Starting to see the theme?"

Jaune nodded. "Speeding things up. Adding force."

Okay, he messed up somewhere. Tattletale was looking way too happy.

"So it would seem, only that's not all that manipulation of vectors imply," she argued, shaking her head. "Our third example, Krieg, can make his punches and kicks stronger, adding force as you mentioned. But, he also slows things down. Reducing the magnitude of an object's velocity is within the scope of a power that acts on vectors."

Jaune summed it up, "So they can hit hard, and get hit hard. That doesn't sound too bad."

"You mean it doesn't sound complicated. Vectors are simple. Which way an object is going and how fast it's going there. Now imagine a parking lot's worth of cars being sent at you with the speed of a bullet."

He paused. "Ah. Not fun."

The more he learned about it, the more he suspected the average parahuman power operated on a stronger scale than the Semblances he was accustomed to seeing. Those trended on the subtler side, barring a few exceptional individuals. Professor Goodwitch might be able to hurl hundreds of cars through the sky—he didn't know enough about her Aura reserves to decide for certain.

"Yep. There's some evidence that the strips put down by Skidmark can stack onto itself, increasing the force it imparts. If there's no upper limit, then put enough down and you can toss a person to the horizon. Krieg regularly throws down against armed gangsters, Protectorate heroes, and the ABB's dragon man. The boring old ability to reduce or increase momentum lets him fight on the frontlines. And remember…" Tattletale pointed to the next line on the screen below Accelerator's power. Jaune winced. "Accelerator is a Level Five."

An esper on par with Misaka. While the Japanese girl has never shown her full capabilities, she claimed there was truth to her nickname of the Railgun. She also mentioned that Academy City has managed to produce a total of seven people with the designation of Level Five. Seven out of almost two million cases.

"They're rare," agreed Tattletale with his unspoken thoughts.

He added, "And probably strong."

"Undoubtedly. Academy City is willing to show off supersonic jets and prototype laser cannons to the world, but not these seven kids. There's a suspicious lack of content online about them, just rumors and speculations on forums. Someone is scrubbing their presence, which is rather telling on its own."

"It would have been nice if we had footage of them in action. We could use that to get a better idea of the upper limits to esper abilities."

"There are demonstrations of the Level Fours that we can extrapolate from." She switched the application on her phone from a text file to a video-hosting website. "See for yourself."

She turned her phone towards him, and he leaned in to look. The video had been taken on a bright, sunny day, centering on a table set outdoors next to a swimming pool. A group of students lounged off to the side as one of their numbers stood at the table. In front of him, an uncapped water bottle. Text in white font appeared at one corner of the screen.

Level 1.

The student extended both hands above the bottle, a pose reminiscent of a fortune teller performing with their crystal ball. His face scrunched with effort, looking quite comical as a whole lot of nothing proceeded to happen. It took ten more seconds for his effort to pay off as the water rose out of the bottle at a snail's pace, forming a wobbly ball floating inches above the table.

The video cut to a different person. Female, this time.

Level 2.

Much as the previous, the student held out her arms. With sweat pouring down her face, water from three bottles slithered into the air, the tendrils coalescing into an orb. It was perfectly round.

Level 3.

Another girl. She snapped her fingers. The water inside a water cooler jug shot out of the container with enough force to burst the slender neck. She shaped it into a ring, spinning in lazy circles.

Level 4.

The swimming pool was now empty. One boy had moved the water thirty feet up, arms spread wide as he kept it there for the rest of his cohort to swim in the sky.

Tattletale exited the video as it rolled credits. She gave him a significant look, inviting comments.

He obliged, and voiced his main observation, "It's an exponential growth." The video had all but screamed it aloud.

"Growth and control," she amended. "Applied to our vector manipulating esper, and I would bet good money he's capable of expressing his power in multiple ways—taking both offensive and defensive measures, or maybe only one aspect but it is ramped up to an extreme level. He could launch devastating and unstoppable attacks in the worst case, or possess an invincible body."

A daunting prospect. Jaune began brainstorming at once. "No matter the strength, attacks need to land. More than that, he'd need to be in a state to attack in the first place. If his gimmicks are powerful strikes like that Ballistic guy, we stay mobile and hit him hard to remove him from the fight in as short a time as possible. If instead he's too tough, then we should pin him down."

"And let's say he's an all-rounder?" Tattletale asked. "You're hitting on the tactics many capes resort to when fighting the bigger players, but the worst are always the ones that know how to cover their weaknesses."

"Every opponent has a weakness," Jaune parroted a line of thought often expressed by his professor in Combat Class. He then tacked on the common understanding of that sentiment derived by the students in the class. "Even if it's just getting punched in the face harder than they can withstand." A glance at the scroll, as he recalled the swimming pool. "Huntsmen are often seen as this invincible badass to the people. Shove our heads underwater and we're in trouble, same as most." He perked up at a new possibility. "We don't have a source of water handy, but—"

Tattletale blurted out in a breathless rush, "The Puzzle. We infect him with knowledge of it to rob him of oxygen. He had a life in this city, so despite a falling out he's got to have some fondness for it hiding in him. It could be his house, his bank account, his friends, his loved ones, whatever."

"...Exactly what I was going to suggest." As the girl was perfectly aware, he was sure. "It's my plan, by the way."

"Liar. I said it first." She grinned mischievously, weathering his unserious glare with aplomb. "Of course, the plan is no guarantee. A fight could start anyhow. Should that be the case, let me give you a bit of advice." She indicated the picture of Accelerator. "He's malnourished and undeveloped. Easy conclusion: his power is strong, his body is weak. Stalling for time could wear him out from exhaustion."

"Not a bad idea," Jaune admitted. Not as good as his earlier one—and it most emphatically was his idea—but he liked to think that he made for a pretty tough opponent defense-wise. "What else can you think of?"

"Well…" Absent-mindedly, Tattletale twirled her umbrella as she mulled on the question. "In theory, many power effects aren't actually limited to a body part. Legend could have shot lasers from his nipples if he ever wanted to. Thing is, most parahumans default to their hands, or rarely their feet when they're kicking. Call it comic book influences, call it natural human instinct or a flair for the dramatic, they just do. The espers in the video showed the same inclination."

He reviewed the clip in his head, and hummed in agreement as Tattletale continued on.

"I suppose they feel it grants better control of their power. That simplifies things. Dodge their hands, and it should help you stay safe for longer. Or, hell, sever their hands and they may suffer a mental block to prevent them manifesting their ability at all."

"Brutal."

"But effective."

True. Very true. He's done it before. A stimpak will sort out the aftermath. It's a reliable approach.

Whistling a tune, Jaune walked on along the empty streets. He had battle on his mind.


-o-​


The rain had picked up by the time they entered the center of the district, hitting the ground in a steady pitter patter. Jaune always enjoyed days like this. A bout of rain should have weight to it.

Taking the last turn, he caught sight of their destination, a hospital. It occupied pride of place amidst the highrises and businesses, the layout suggesting it the spot that this area was built around. Developers had packed as many buildings as they could into the neighborhood, yet the hospital alone enjoyed wide open spaces, comfortably isolated from its surroundings by a park. The park came equipped with a playground.

The lights were off in every window of the building.

He felt taps on his shoulder, and turned to look at Tattletale. She pointed to the side of the hospital.

"Our contacts are here."

She was referring to a black van, parked haphazardly on the park grass and hidden under a canopy of trees. A hefty, box-shaped thing, it left deep furrows in the ground, ruining the flower bushes it drove over. The vehicle had just finished disgorging a squad of people, all of whom wore identical uniforms of dark body armor and helmets. They were using their cover to approach the wall, splitting into two groups.

The so-called Hound Dog unit they were set to meet.

One of them noticed the pair, their colorful umbrellas standing out against the gray backdrop. Jaune waved to the person—it's a good idea to display obvious intentions when greeting people armed with guns.

"Let's go say hello, then. No reason to be impolite," Jaune said.

Tattletale eyed the way news of their appearance spread among the squad. They split further, the majority going ahead with their operation, leaving one to remain in place. "Eheh, I don't think we're the problem."

As they neared, Jaune secured his phone to a strap that went around his neck, the translation app loaded—the same setup he employed to chat with Kamijou. It's difficult to determine whether he'd need it, since a fair number of people he encountered in this city could speak his language, while others only knew Japanese. Better to have it ready than not.

"You can fuck off!" barked the man in accented English.

Maybe he shouldn't bother. Everybody can speak the language well enough to insult him.

"Try a simple hello. I respond better to it."

"Hello! Fuck off!"

Should have seen that coming. "What's your deal?" he asked with a frown.

The man planted his feet, and crossed his arms. He made a show of looking them up and down, head moving in an exaggerated motion to compensate for the opaque face covering. The entirety of his body language radiated contempt. This time, he spoke in Japanese, the extent of his foreign vocabulary exhausted by the earlier exchange.

"This prey belongs to Hound Dog. We do not require outsider help."

Tattletale gave a derisive snort, and explained for Jaune's benefit. "It's the usual dick-waving contest between organizations in this type of work. They're afraid of someone else getting credit for the takedown, so they're trying to intimidate us."

The man turned to her. "You—"

"Of course," she cut him off, smirking, "the whole thing's a show. A couple of you suggested inflicting lasting injuries on us, then abruptly changed your mind. That tells me you can't really harm us, because you can't go against your boss who hired us."

The man scoffed. "Kihara does not give a damn about you."

"But his boss does. The big guy. We've taken on a special contract with him, which I'd think puts us above Kihara." Neither of them had a clue who this Kihara was until now. Tattletale gave not a hint of their ignorance. "Do either of them even know—Ooh, what was that?" Tattletale took a hop closer to the Hound Dog agent, fearless of reprisal. "You just twitched! They'd blow their tops if they hear about this, won't they? And you'd catch the blowback on that. From Kihara? Yeah, Kihara's got a temper."

Jaune studied the Hound Dog close, and caught the shift in his stance. The man just pulled back half a step away from Tattletale. She had hit the nail on the head.

The girl saw that, and more. Tattletale waved a hand at the man in dismissal. "Put it away, doggie. Show a little Professionalism. We're on the same side, and lucky you for that, because I have a plan to beat Accelerator and end this in a minute."

Who has a plan? Jaune stared a hole in the back of Tattletale's head. As if sensing his gaze, she glanced back at him, snickering softly under her breath.

Due to it, she missed the moment the Hound Dog puffed up, having chosen to double down. The man stepped forward, one hand brushing against the stubby submachine gun hanging off of him on a strap.

"You think you're so smart? Bitch. Hound Dog is the elite of the elite, and I ran twenty-two missions in the last year alone, dealing with freaks like you. We do not need espers to complete our mission."

A scream rang out, drawing the attention of everyone present. It rose in a desperate pitch, higher and higher, losing all traces of reason to leave pure animal fear. Jaune shivered hearing it, and wished it would end. Then it suddenly did, mid-scream, bringing no relief, just a foreboding feeling.

First among them, Tattletale found her voice. Looking oh so full of herself, she pointed a finger at the hospital. "That's not what your buddy is saying."

"Where do you need us?" Jaune offered in a kinder tone, playing the mediator.

A beat, and Tattletale squawked as the man roughly shoved her in lieu of responding. Arms windmilling, she stumbled back. Jaune caught her before she could fall.

The man was already running, shouting over his shoulder, "This job is ours. Stay out of it. If any of us see you inside, we'll put a bullet between your eyes!"

Jaune and Tattletale watched him enter the dark interiors of the hospital. They soon lost sight of him.

"Welp, he's dead," Jaune said.

"Obviously." Tattletale sniffed in disdain. "Good riddance."

"Should we go in to help them?"

"Nope. You heard him. They'd turn on us in a heartbeat."

"Yeah…" Jaune narrowed his eyes. "He did say that."

And to think, they were supposed to be on the same side. These Hound Dogs sounded downright traitorous.

There arose another scream.

Tattletale cocked her head, listening to the changes in pitch. "Accelerator is catching them by surprise, but"—she shivered—"once he's got them, he starts taking his time."

"A sadist?"

"More like calculating. He wants the rest to hear the screams, because that would draw them to him." Right on cue, new voices joined the chorus as the earlier one faded out. "Accelerator was setting up an ambush. They definitely have the training to anticipate that, though, so I bet they tried to set their own counter-ambush. Except, he's planning for that, too, and has an ambush for the counter-ambush."

"A smart guy, in short," Jaune concluded. How troublesome. He preferred fighting things dumber than him. They were easier to predict.

"Just a tiny bit. Less than me, of course."

"That tells me nothing. You're a little too smart for your own good."

Tattletale squirmed from side to side, smiling shyly. "Oh, stop it…"

"I wasn't complimenting you."

But it seemed she'll take it as one, anyhow.

They settled in for a wait outside the hospital. At times, screams and gunfire erupted from within, and Tattletale would provide her best guess of the events taking place. The Hound Dog members fell to various different means: bullets, blades, blunt force trauma, something that splattered one of the windows in a dark red—Tattletale hypothesized it as an instance of esper ability. It provided them a hint of what they may face. Accelerator had a preference for mundane means, possibly due to power limitations. Heartening news so far as Jaune was concerned. He could survive those.

"AHHHHH!"

"And that's our favorite doggie," Tattletale idly commented. "Told him he should have let me try my plan."

Jaune sighed, and pushed off the wall he's leaning on. "Our turn."

They traveled the short distance to the front entrance, and headed inside. Along a wall sat a rack for umbrellas, and Jaune stowed his there, with Tattletale following suit. They then observed the interior lobby.

It was warmer here. Dark, as they've seen. The temperature control still ran, but someone made sure to turn the lights off. Jaune didn't think Accelerator was responsible for that, though rogue esper probably benefited from it. The clue was in the total lack of sleeping people, whether that be staff or patients. Checking the nearby rooms and hallways, he saw not a single soul. The hospital had been evacuated, and in quite an orderly fashion too, given the tidy state of the place.

"Wow. Somebody was on the ball," he praised.

"They must have suspected a biological attack after a sudden influx of unconscious patients. I'd guess their protocol for the situation was to move everyone to an isolated backup site."

They both looked up at the ceiling as renewed screams from the Hound Dog member they met echoed from somewhere above.

"Let's go," Jaune said. He summoned Crocea Mors to hand. Tattletale requested a handgun, and with a gesture he made one appear. He passed the weapon over to her.

A scan of the lobby for directional signs helped them locate the nearest staircase. An elevator rested right next to it, but they left that alone. The confined space was susceptible to traps, and difficult to defend or retreat.

Tattletale whined at the prospect of climbing stairs after hours of running around. That was a price Jaune didn't mind paying. Let her suffer.

The second floor seemed normal as they passed it by. It's the flight of stairs to the third floor that showed signs of a struggle. Bullet marks scattered across the walls, and a dented trash can remained at the bottom of the steps. At the top, a trail of blood led away, turning into a room with an open doorway. Judging by the noises that were still emanating from overhead, they won't find Accelerator in there. This was the site of an older clash—no bets on whose favor it ended in.

The screams had died down when Jaune stepped out onto the fourth floor, a hand on the grip of his sword. They originated from this level, and in all likelihood the cause of them would be lurking in the area that very second. Contact was imminent.

He met the gaze of Tattletale, and they shared a nod. The pair shifted into formation, him at the front and advancing down the corridor, her staying close and watching behind them. Further into the building they went, checking every room and corner before forging on. Jaune took his time, took it slow, wary of springing a trap. It might not result in his defeat as it would for Hound Dog, but losing a chunk of his Aura, which was still in the process of recovering, could spell trouble.

The scent was subtle at first, merely pinging him with a sense of alarm while lacking a clear reason. A metallic tang that clung to one's nose, it intensified in parallel to the sound of whimpers. Blood, he soon recognized. And pain.

Jaune took a corner, then stopped in his tracks. Tattletale, coming around the same corner, peeked around him, and took a half-step to hide behind his back.

A fair distance down the darkened hallway strewn with medical gurneys, infusion stands, and assorted other equipment, there stood a person. A pale ghost amidst the dim surrounds. The one break in the monochrome features was a splash of color to light up his eyes. A hateful red.

Accelerator.

A lump laid at his feet. Shivering, and sobbing.

Jaune debated sneaking back around the corner. That became moot as those red eyes snapped up to stare directly at him. A smile grew. It looked off, as if the other boy had seen it on other people and tried to mimic the expression.

A little too wide. Not quite genuine.

Blood soaked his hands.

He called out to them, "Oi, oi, how many of you idiots are there? Did you all make a suicide pact?" He tilted his head, then switched language. "Not from around here, huh? Yeah, you don't look like the usual recruits for these guys." He snickered as he indicated the sword on Jaune's hip.

"We're an independent group," Jaune said. He shifted his grip on Crocea Mors, prepared to draw at the first hint of an attack. "Here to do a little good, you know?"

The other boy burst into cackling laughter, a full-belly laugh that had him leaning hard on the crutch braced under one arm. A closer study revealed it to be some type of shotgun, about three feet long in a metallic black. Good news, Accelerator was not in the best shape. Bad news, he's making up for it with a gun.

After recovering his poise, Accelerator said, "You really are pitiful." It might be Jaune's imagination, but the other boy actually seemed to mean that; his smile had slipped a fraction. "Still buying all the shitty lies that shitty adults tell you. Look at this moron at my feet." He gestured at the lump. "This is what happens when people fight me. They cry, then they die. What good came of him? I'm still here, doing what I do. Weaklings like you aren't worth my time. I don't know why you bother." Seeing Jaune unmoved, mocking humor returned to his face. "So, did they put you in that ridiculous costume too? A sword in this day and age. And the red cross…I doubt you're trying for a humanitarian symbol, meaning it's mimicking the Knights Templar. Is that what you see yourself as, the knight here to slay the dragon? Kehehe!"

That was nowhere close to the truth.

…It was upsettingly close to the truth.

To sidestep that particular mess, he moved over, letting Tattletale have the floor. "Yeah, well, someone has to stop you." He nudged the girl.

Tattletale took a breath. With great relish, she began to talk.

"Did you know—"

And Jaune heard no more, having covered his ears.

About five seconds into the spiel, he noticed certain worrying deviations from the plan. Namely, Accelerator wore this carefree look on his face that wouldn't go away. There's also Tattletale, whose smile faded the further she got in her speech. She soon stopped talking altogether.

Noting Jaune's consternation, Accelerator tapped one ear while smirking in a very Tattletale way.

Jaune uncovered his ears, and Tattletale was there in a heartbeat, shouting in it. "He can redirect sound waves!"

"What—oh no."

"That's right," Said Accelerator, chuckling. He fiddled with a band wrapped around his neck, pressing a button on it. "Whatever the hell you were thinking of doing, it's based on hearing. That was child's play to figure out when one of you"—he waved lazily at Jaune— "blocked his ears the moment the other started spouting crap. What is it, an esper ability working on hypno-auditive theory? A memetic disruptor affecting Personal Realities? I wouldn't put it past the bastards in the lab to develop one of those."

Jaune cursed to himself. His one tell had given the game away. The other boy was intelligent to a startling degree.

Accelerator continued, "Too bad for you, I've already designed my vector control to filter out annoyances whining about candy this and Gekota that." The whole time he was talking, he watched Tattletale close, likely on guard for her to say anything suspicious so he could block it again.

"Designed." whispered Tattletale, quiet so only Jaune heard. Not that he understood what she was on about. "…Gekota?"

Jaune shrugged. Refocusing on Accelerator, he said, "It is too bad. We were hired to neutralize you, with no requirements to harm you, and that could have ended things peacefully for all of us."

"Are you honestly that naive?" The other boy squinted at Jaune. "Huh. Whatever. You're an idiot. Hound Dog will put a bullet in my head first chance they get."

Jaune frowned. "I wouldn't let them do that."

"Ha. Sure you will." Accelerator clearly did not believe him. "That's unnecessary since I don't intend to be meekly captured." He placed a foot forward and hunched his back. Jaune tensed up, because experience allowed him to recognize the stance for what it was, a sign of aggression. The opening of hostilities. "Any other brilliant ideas you want to try on me? No? Then why don't you die like the rest of the trash?"

As he shouted the last part, Accelerator pressed one hand to the band on his neck, and touched the other to a medical gurney. With no visible effort, he sent it careening down the hall. Two more followed on its heels, little wheels outspeeding a race car.

The first gurney came straight on at Jaune. He withdrew his sword and smacked it aside. Deploying his shield, he set it on an angle, and stuck his sword out to the right, simply diverting the two subsequent projectiles away from him.

Tattletale had by now ducked behind the corner, bringing up her handgun. Instead of taking a shot, she waved to get his attention.

"Jaune, I've got it. He 'designs' the vectors he interacts with, like programming. Each time he acts on an object, I see an instant of delay." Her gaze flicked towards Accelerator, and she hurried her explanation, rattling off, "Microseconds. But present. He's calculating equations." On her face grew a vicious grin. "And you're his focus. That means you're a variable in the equation. Turn on [Blank] right now."

Wasting no time, he heeded her advice and flicked the mental switch in his head.

If she's correct, then he'd throw off the calculations of speed and direction for Accelerator. Loss of direction meant inaccuracy in aiming—Jaune will get hit less, which sounded great to him. As for speed, he thought it rather dicey since the exerted force could go up in addition to down. That was, until he remembered the shotgun. Accelerator was injured, and coincidently forewent his ability in favor of mundane weapons and trickery in order to win his battles. That suggested his ability to control vectors had been hampered in some manner, requiring the esper to conserve his usage. It was a finite resource, and were he to expend more of this resource than he anticipated doing bigger attacks, that may tire him out faster.

To his joy, she was right. Accelerator startled.

For a bit.

But then…

"Oh whatever will I do? My calculations aren't perfect." he jeered, rolling his eyes. "Pheh. This isn't a mathematics exam. I'll just have to use an amount I know would definitely give me the answer I want. That's you dead, if you were wondering."

Jaune paled, then cursed as Accelerator sprang forward at breakneck speed. The esper entered within striking range in a flash.

Accelerator snapped out a hand. Having taken Tattletale's advice to heart, Jaune leaned back to dodge what was no doubt a blow boosted beyond its apparent strength. The attack—a open-palmed slap of all things—belied the relative amateurishness of the esper when it came to close combat. There was the barest hint of a martial arts stance, developing but still unpolished, that left the other boy wide open for a counter, an opportunity Jaune did not pass on. He swung his sword at the defenseless opponent.

In a blink, the sword was behind Jaune, shooting by so fast that it almost wrenched him off his feet. Staggering, he had to let go before it completely shattered his balance.

Now he was the one wide open. To his dismay, Accelerator knew of battle well enough to take advantage. He closed in, moving at the speed of a Huntsman, their proximity removing the possibility of evading. Without an escape, Jaune braced for an imminent strike.

A light tap against his arm, and the world became a blur. It became pain.

He returned to his senses in a pile of debris. Plaster, bricks, a hospital bed smashed part, pieces of ceramic from a sink, concrete. It was heavy. And pointy. And other words. They might also end in –y. A fog clouded his mind, thoughts slipping from his grasp. His body screamed at him.

His hair was wet, though that's not from the broken bathroom pipes over there pouring water out on the ground. He tilted back his head, and saw the sky. It wasn't so dark in the hospital anymore. A new exit just opened, courtesy of the projectile named Jaune. His name was Jaune. He's lying partway outside of a collapsed wall, four floors up from the ground, the rain falling on him. A little further out, and he'd slip over the edge. The concrete and rebar landing on his body had saved him. He didn't feel saved.

Eyes watering from dust entering them, he lifted his head—the neck below greatly protesting the maneuver—to look back the way he came. Past the remains of the private bathroom, past the hospital room, past the other big hole in the wall he had been sent through, Jaune saw Lisa—Tattletale, still standing behind the cover of the hallway corner, staring at him in utter terror. And beyond her, red eyes glared at him.

He felt a strange sensation of something sticky trickling along his skin. With it was the scent of iron. He wiped at his face, the hand came away stained with a dark red fluid. What was this?

Oh. Oh, hey, he's bleeding. That's new. Or old. For people with Aura, it's often a thing of the past. When actually was the last time he bled? Wait, not that long ago. Fucking Jax. He almost died back then. He could be dying now. Whoo boy. Whoooo boy. How bad was it? What do people do for this stuff, again? Bandages! He needed bandages—no, wait, stimpaks. Those were better.

Jaune summoned the Company scroll. It slipped from his shaking fingers to the floor.

Whoops. Silly him. Ahahahahaha!

Was he freaking out? He's freaking out. That really was a lot of blood…

Accelerator tilted his head. "Hoh? You're not dead."

Yaaaay, Jaune thought, a little delirious.

"Hell, you're surprisingly fine for someone who should be a smear on the wall. Why?" The esper took a step towards Jaune.

Gunfire erupted to give him pause, one shot followed by a squeal of pain. Tattletale collapsed holding her chest, breath knocked out by her own bullet.

"And what is this…I thought that was your esper power, but she has it, too? Not a similar principle either. The exact same thing. A shared Personal Reality? No, they tried that with twins. It doesn't work. Better fucking not be clones again. Military tech, perhaps?" Accelerator rubbed his chin. He came to a decision. "I can use that."

One leap took the esper from the hallway to Jaune, where he grabbed him by the shirt and pulled him out of the rubble. His slight frame showed no sign of difficulty in holding the taller and bigger boy with one arm. Turning Jaune this way and that, Accelerator searched his pockets for the suspected piece of tech producing his Aura protections. He grew frustrated as it turned up nothing but random knick-knacks that he tossed aside.

He shook Jaune, as if that would cause the desired item to drop. "Where is it? Hand it over and I might let you die painlessly."

Jaune wondered if he really could, and decided that with vector control…well, pump enough speed into a sword and he could imagine it'd slice right through a person faster than the pain receptors recognize the injury. That led him to the creeping realization that Accelerator was a lot deadlier than he and Tattletale had thought, and has further depths to his power than what he revealed during the fight. At a glance, he already possessed all the elements they discussed as possible when playing with vectors, making him both unstoppable and immovable. How unfair. What a monster.

Still, that's no reason to give in.

Jaune laughed, trying for defiance, but it just sounded weak and tired. "I'm not…giving Aura to…a piece of shit kidnapper…like you."

Accelerator flinched. Tattletale seized on it.

"What?" she piped up from outside the hospital room. "Got a problem hearing it aloud? Whatever they fed you to make you that strong sure didn't increase your intelligence. With that power, you could have worked with the city, and be their poster boy superhero. Would have gotten you fame and fortune instead of resorting to abducting children as a job."

From up close, Jaune got to see Accelerator scowl. His teeth grinded together, and his nose flared. He dropped Jaune, which got a quick flash of a smirk from Tattletale—either because her plan to keep him alive worked or because she liked seeing his face smashing into the floor, Jaune hesitated to say—and walked across the room towards her. That sobered her up quick.

Legs trembling, she scooted back to press against the wall. A glance at the handgun resulted in a shake of her head. If it didn't work the last time, it wasn't about to change. "Okay. Okay," she told herself, panic rising.

Tattletale, stop saying 'okay' and just fucking run, Jaune wanted to shout. What came out were mumbles that nobody paid attention to. In the meantime, Tattletale reached a course of action. She opened her mouth and started talking.

His partner really did have skewed survival instincts, didn't she?

Pyrrha, too, now that he thought about it. He sure knew how to pick them.

"Jaune!" Tattletale called out to him. He tried for a wave. It was more of a twitch. She didn't see it, and opening his mouth took effort, so he shut off [Blank] to let her interpret his body language. This, she caught. "Oh crap, you can hear me from there."

Accelerator chuckled, anger seeming to give way to amusement again on seeing how fearful his prey became. "You got that right. He's in range. Can you risk your ability affecting him?"

Jaune broke out in a cold sweat because that face of hers said she was debating it. Ultimately, though, she decided against bringing to bear the phenomenon affecting the city. Accelerator has developed an effective counter. It may end with Jaune incapacitated and her facing the esper alone. Game over, in other words.

Changing tack, she offered, "How about a truce? You go your way, we go ours."

"Nah. Sparing you could mean you will come back for more. I prefer my problems permanently dealt with."

Tattletale worked her jaw, searching for another avenue to pursue, landing on, "Why so bloodthirsty? Does it make you feel powerful, to go around killing people? No wonder the city wants us to bring you in. A horrible monster like…the city," she repeated in the realization that it was the part Accelerator reacted most strongly to. "You think they're worse than you. They made you what you are. They were the ones feeding you to make you this strong. Did they have you killing for them, too?"

Suddenly, Accelerator bounded over the last ten feet in one motion, halting right in front of Tattletale, spooking the girl. She fell on her rear.

As his hand—fingers formed in claws—stretched down for her, a bitter laugh escaped Tattletale. "Fuck, I should have seen this coming. Now that we're no longer of use, they sent us here for you to murder. Aren't you a good doggie, making your masters proud."

The hand stopped an inch from her face.

A gasp, and she spoke in a rush, "No, that's not it. You did go off on your own. You didn't want to kill like they ordered you to—that's why you talked so much in the beginning!" She pointed an accusing finger upon making the connection. "To scare us away, to give us an out." She caught a detail from the look on his face, one Jaune could not see from his position. "You've done it before. To others. You're feeling guilty remembering it. You pity them. Resents them." Her breath hitched. "They hadn't listened."

Her eyes darted past Accelerator to meet Jaune's bleary gaze. He was still on the ground, the task of shifting his body to stand, or even crawl, beyond his means. Wisps of the Void swirled around his left arm, never quite coalescing into a solid enough limb. No help was coming, and she could only continue stalling for time.

"I guess that's why you went rogue. You hated it, and got tired…but that doesn't explain you trying to abduct a little girl—!" Her words ended in a squeak as Accelerator seized her by the throat.

Sounding as if he was speaking through gritted teeth, he grounded out, "Keep saying that. See where it gets you."

Jaune saw panic on her face, and fear. But then, it cleared up, the scared expression replaced by the usual grin, like she knew a secret others did not.

"What do you want?" She croaked out past the vice-like grip.

Accelerator paused, and loosened his fingers a fraction. Tattletale took that reprieve as an invitation to keep talking. Not that she ever needed an excuse.

"Only a dummy like my friend here would insist on fighting someone out of their league."

"…Screw…you…" Jaune muttered weakly.

"You wish." She winked, then returned her attention to Accelerator. "Unlike him, I'm willing to look for other solutions. The simplest one? See what you want, and what I can do to make it happen."

Jaune stared at Tattletale, flabbergasted. He redoubled his effort to stand up. She couldn't seriously think of helping this scum!

Tattletale waved him down, and explained, "The story's off. It's rotten. We're hired to protect a kid, except our Hound Dog 'allies'"—she made air quotes—"were trying to kill a kid."

Accelerator grunted unhappily at being called a kid. Despite that, he shifted his posture into a less hostile stance. That seemed to confirm it for Tattletale, who continued on.

"We were given the wrong information. He's not trying to steal her. He's trying to get her back." She looked at the esper. "Hey. What's your relation to that girl?"

Accelerator spat. "She's an annoying pain in the ass that won't leave me alone."

Blinking, Jaune replayed the line. Many a time had he said the same thing of his sisters, with about the same level of fondness. Tattletale looked at him in silent vindication.

She squawked as Accelerator released his grip, dropping her to the floor. After a wary glance at the esper, who appeared uncaring of what she will do, she scurried over to Jaune, unimpeded.

In her hands, the retrieved Company scroll produced their basic medical kit—stimpaks and Blood-Replenishing Potions. She administered one syringe after another into Jaune's arm to settle his injuries. Gashes closed, and a dose of magical remedy returned color to his countenance. With her help, Jaune sat up.

He caught sight of Accelerator shuffling out of the room.

"No, wait…" He trailed off. His voice has yet to recover, the soft sounds unable to cross the intervening distance. Seeking another method, he turned to Tattletale with a beseeching look. She would know what he wanted to say, always reading his intentions clear as day.

The revelations troubled him. He had made a mistake. They joined up with the wrong side. Accelerator hadn't been the monster they needed to defeat, just a person searching for his family. That wasn't something Jaune wanted to leave alone, not after he became culpable for a part of it.

Tattletale shook her head. Hell no.

He stared at her. Hell yes.

Tattletale pouted. With one hand, she made the gesture for money. Crowley was paying them.

In response, he clenched a fist. Crowley could go hang. Sending them here should by all rights have ended with them dead. As far as he was concerned, the man reneged on their deal. Crowley owed them, and if he has a problem with paying to the point that he would backstab them, then he lost the right to complain when they lend aid to his enemy, break into his property, and collect their dues along with the kid he's confining.

Tattletale had a very strange look on her face. She whirled away before he could ask about it.

"Hey! Don't go yet!" she yelled after Accelerator. The boy slowed, then turned to glare at them over his shoulder. "Listen, this guy wants to help you."

The answer was immediate. "Don't need it."

"Come on now, let's not discount him yet. He might not be as tough as you, but he also doesn't have your limitations."

Jaune wondered what she was referring to—Accelerator had seemed pretty uninhibited in the level of his strength, even if he was kind of walking like an old man at the moment. He watched as she pointed to her neck. Specifically, at the choker she wore.

"That's a battery around your throat. You activate it whenever you use your powers in full. Otherwise…" She indicated his makeshift crutch. "Did the city do that to you? Neuter you, like a dog?"

Accelerator snorted at that, and straightened his back. "Pheh. This was my choice," he said in a voice without anger or derision, clear as crystal. For a moment, he looked so proud.

Tattletale doused that pride with her next words. "Or was it all part of a plan? So strong you are, without a weakness. You're a true powerhouse. They would want a way to control you, wouldn't they? A few strings they can tug on. And what better way than to take your power from you, then offer it back on a subscription."

The accusations stabbed into Accelerator like knives. They pierced the surface layers of his psyche, niggling at the insecurities that still lurk beneath. He worked his jaw, a denial ready but not quite able to slip out.

Tattletale leveled a knowing look at him. "Must be annoying, huh? I get it." Her hand brushed against the choker. "My ability…Sherlock Holmes wished he could be me. I can play the world like a fiddle. Break it with my words alone." She smiled ruefully. "For the five minutes before my headache wipes me out."

Unlike most people, Tattletale got to go through life being right more than she was wrong. Her superpower allowed it. In one month, Jaune suspected she had gained a better understanding of him than he did himself. It's uncanny, and a formidable power in its own way. He could believe her claim of world domination.

"Even with that flaw," she continued, "back where I come from, the one that held my leash had to do all they could to control me. Track my movements. Put a gun to my head. Surround me with 'friends' that can be turned against me at any time. And the minutes I had, they weren't enough to solve my problems." The light of recognition entered Accelerator's eyes, and he turned fully to face Tattletale. "If Jaune hadn't given this choker to me when we met, I wouldn't function most days in the last couple weeks. It's funny. Your collar activates your power. Mine turns my power off. Caged you. Liberate me. We're walking two roads, going the opposite way. My limit was built-in. Yours…who's to say the people that held your leash didn't create a similar thing by artificial means?"

By the end, Accelerator was breathing in hard, ragged gasps. Barely-restrained fury seethed just under the surface. That, and an innocent hurt. Everything he knew has grown uncertain, a trap behind every action. He raised a hand, ready to unleash an attack across the room that would reduce Tattletale to a smear. Like a child when they could not win an argument.

Before he could decide one way or another, she offered a solution. "Jaune will somewhat recover soon. He can act as muscle for the small fries you encounter, leaving you to deal with the real enemy. The real prize, though, is me. I can help you navigate a path to that girl, and for someone who's so like me, I don't mind doing them a favor this one time. It'd give you a better chance of surviving through today."

The esper stared at the pair of them, stricken by shock, and Jaune saw the corners of Tattletale's lips twitch upward in victory. She had him.

"No." Accelerator spun around.

Tattletale pounded a fist against the floor. "Oh, come on!" she whined, indicating Jaune. "He's going to be insufferable if we don't do something."

"I don't care. I've wasted enough time here. You'd just slow me down."

"You would sound more convincing if you weren't hobbling along on a stick."

"Are you calling me weak? How about you say that again after I go over there and beat that guy's ass with a shotgun?"

Whuh—?

"Pffft. That don't scare us. Right, Jaune?"

Don't drag him into this!

*Ring ring ring*

The sound of an incoming phone call interrupted the escalating argument, as all three instinctively put life on pause to check if the source was their device. Jaune's phone was still on a string around his neck, easily confirmed with a quick glance. Tattletale fished hers out of her pocket, then stowed it once more.

Accelerator was staring at his screen, frozen solid for a second. That moment passed, and he slammed his thumb on the answer button.

The ensuing conversation started with a slew of rapid-fire questions from Accelerator, tapering off as he grew confused, then spiritless. Tattletale provided context for Jaune's sake.

"He thought it was a call from the kid he's looking for, but I think she lost her phone and someone else picked it up. Let's get closer for a listen."

He agreed, and she hooked an arm under his shoulder. Aura would enable her to handle his bulk, if only just. Counting to three, they sprang to their feet—and Jaune bit down on his lip to suppress a groan, because the maneuver had set off every ache and pain not yet alleviated all up and down his body. He then failed to contain a keening wail as his companion, too curious of the going-on at the other end of the room, dragged him with her to get nearer.

This hospital room was unbearably drafty, the nurse's bedside manners were atrocious, and his condition became worse compared to when he first checked in. 0/10, never again.

Accelerator noticed their approach. Beyond a sneer (which might just be his normal expression), he did not protest their arrival. At this distance, they could somewhat hear the voices on the other side of the line. It's teeny, but audible. More than that, it sounded faintly recognizable. The translation app on Jaune's phone came in clutch, catching the words and spitting out the English version at a louder volume, mimicking the same voice as the caller. That jogged his memory.

Tattletale got there first, shouting at the phone in Accelerator's hand.

"Kamijou Touma, is that you?"

It wasn't the boy's voice, but Misaka's that responded. "Eh!? The tourist—?"

"Yup, yup," she chirped happily. "Jaune's here too. Say hi, Jaune."

"Owwww…"

Tattletale grinned. "He says hi."

Accelerator covered his phone to block the sound, then looked at Jaune and Tattletale. "You know these people? Are they trustworthy?" A nod from Jaune and a thumbs-up from Tattletale soothed his worry, and he relaxed. "Odd. I also thought those voices sounded familiar. The chances of that…" he mused, before shaking his head. "No, that's not important right now." He addressed the two on the other line, "Yeah, I'm the one that the kid talked about. Where did you see her last?"

"We were on Fight Street in District Seven—um, that's what we call it, I'm not sure what the official name is…" Kamijou tapered off, and Jaune could imagine him rubbing his head in befuddlement.

Still, Fight Street, huh? Sounds like a fun place. It'd be real popular with the Beacon crowd.

Misaka cut in, "It's Leaf Street, Route 39. We were at a restaurant called Olla Podrida when we lost track of her."

"Olla Podrida, is it?" Tattletale asked. "I see, I see. Interesting. Seen a lot of car crashes lately?"

"That's not important!" Misaka said, though Jaune could tell Tattletale disagreed. "Anyway, this weird woman showed up, and you need to be careful—"

"Up bup bup, I'll stop you right there," Tattletale replied. "In this one case, knowledge is a bad thing. Before I explain, though, how are you two able to stay conscious?"

"Er, well…" Misaka seemed reluctant to say.

Kamijou answered, instead. "My hand negates the supernatural effects of whatever it touches, and I think that has made me immune to the magi—the thing that's happening. As for Misaka…" He granted her the floor, but all Jaune heard was stammering, the girl making little sense.

Tattletale followed along easily enough. "Uh-huh. Uh-huh." She was grinning like a loon. "So the reason is that he's been holding your hand this entire time?"

More stammering, definitely in an outright panic. Tattletale looked ready to tease Misaka to death.

Accelerator interrupted, annoyed, "This is not the time!"

"...Oh, fine," Tattletale huffed. "We'll be serious." Then, speaking to Misaka and Touma, "There's no need to give us a warning, the phenomenon likely won't affect us on this end. We have unrelated business elsewhere, after all. And in case you haven't figured it out yet, here's the deal." She bent low over the phone, whispering in it to prevent Jaune and Accelerator from listening in. "—and that's it. Simple, right? Kamijou, you seem to know more about the situation than you're letting on."

"I…"

"Well, I'm sure you have your reasons." Tattletale's face turned blank. "I'll pry it out of you at some point. There's no use hiding secrets from me." There was a gulp on the other line, and Tattletale brightened. "Or maybe I'll go easy on you, since it looks to me like you're the best answer to this little conundrum the city is facing."

"Phew. Thanks."

"You're thanking her," Jauned croaked out, and took a quick breath to finish, "for threatening you."

Seriously, he had to point that out.

Tattletale laughed. "He knows to fear me. Misaka, help him out. My team will search for the lost girl."

"No way! I'm going to go find her, too!"

"Nope. Kamijou has an important mission he needs to focus on, and leaving his side will put you in immediate danger, if not an instant knockout. Stick with him, understand? Cling to him like your life depends on it."

Half the reason she's saying that was to play matchmaker. Jaune bet his sword on that possibility.

After a long moment, Kamijou replied, "Understood, I'll take care of it. Good luck finding Last Order, you three. Stay safe."

"Same to you," said Accelerator, with Jaune and Tattletale chiming in.

The call ended.

"Man, everybody's busy, huh?" Tattletale remarked.

Jaune couldn't help but agree. It was comforting to discover those two were safe. Quite worrying, that they're caught up in this mess, and will continue to be involved. He needed to do his best, too, to not let them down.

"Okay, you idiots can go home. I'm fine on my own." Thus invalidating all of Jaune's resolve, Accelerator turned to leave.

Tattletale piped up behind him, "Didn't you hear? She was attacked. She's alone, and on the run. Nobody has a clue on where she went."

Her words elicited an animalistic growl from Accelerator. An acknowledgement, and a warning. She ignored it with that unconcerned and self-centered attitude of hers that Jaune sometimes must admit he found impressive.

"Sure would be great if you have a detective on the case, huh? Like Sherlock Holmes." She waggled her eyebrows, hinting.

Accelerator tch'ed. But, he also relented. "Whatever. Just…answer me one thing. Who hired you?"

Jaune answered, "Aleister Crowley."

A sigh, and the esper said, "So he's responsible, huh. I should have known. Go on ahead. We'll meet in the lobby. I have something to take care of." He looked through the collapsed exterior wall of the hospital room, at a windowless building in the distance.

Jaune caught the cold edge to that calm tone. Accelerator was shaking, angry beyond belief.

"What—"

"Come on, Tattletale."

Using what energy he had regained, Jaune pulled the girl from the room, towards the staircase. And while Tattletale was curious to discover what was happening back there, she stayed by Jaune to help him descend the stairs, keeping him from smashing his face on the steps and losing the drops of Aura that was doing their level best to heal him. They made it pretty far, reaching the ground floor.

Right as they entered the lobby, a window-shattering boom shook the building, sending them staggering against the wall. From the outside, a light shined so bright that it forced Jaune to shield his eyes and turn away. In his arms, Tattletale stiffened. She would have fallen without him there to hold her upright, his body groaning in protest.

Once the mysterious light died down, he checked on her. The girl's eyes were unfocused, riveted on the floor.

"Did the world just—how could—vectors, it's all vectors!"

That made little sense to Jaune, and he asked, "Tattletale, what happened?"

"The earth's rotation just changed! We're five minutes behind than we should be!" she shouted. "The madman up there redirected all that energy into an attack on something!"

"Huh." He had no idea what that meant. It sounded big.

"That was enough power to blow up a mountain!"

Now Jaune could wrap his head around the magnitude of it, and as he soothed the nearly catatonic girl, he had a thought.

If that was Accelerator's hate, then he had been downright friendly to them this whole time.

Author's Notes: (—‸—)
Last edited: Mar 7, 2025
Stories:
QQ Sneaking His Way into the Multiverse , a RWBY Jaune, WC-lite mechanics story.
Other RWBY stories on AO3 or FF - Yakuza Arc | Conquered Menagerie: Annals of the Sixth Kingdom | Cat, Bunny, and the Good Ship Honey Starbright | The Agent
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, RSR2000, Amdiranifani and 757 others
LazyAutumnMoon
Mar 5, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 25: A Certain Otherworld Huntsman - Three's_a_Clique
View content
LazyAutumnMoon
LazyAutumnMoon
We all need Sundancer in our life.
JoinedJun 7, 2024
Messages289
Likes received68,284
Mar 19, 2025
Add bookmark
#725
Under the intensifying rain, as the evening sun dropped below the horizon, three figures drove through the city in a hijacked black ops van.

Jaune, in the driver seat, thought it a rather welcome reprieve. He didn't have to move much, didn't have to walk, only giving the occasional nudge to the steering wheel while the calming staccato rhythm of rain drops pounding on the car roof soothed his soul. In the meantime, his Aura and the stimpaks were doing their work to put him back in fighting shape. There seemed to be synergies taking place between them, too, but he wasn't knowledgeable enough on the matter to tell beyond a vague feeling borne of experiencing a hundred different recuperations during his year at Beacon. (Which was a less humiliating way of saying he spent a lot of time licking his wounds after receiving a thorough thrashing in Combat Class.)

The sensation of stimpak-induced, accelerated healing was something new for him, and quite hard to describe. Like the morning after a person got over an illness, where the memory of the symptoms were still fresh on the mind to make their normal state of health seem invincible in comparison. Like the first minute of unlocking one's Aura.

Sort of. It's…good.

A far off explosion interrupted his musing, and his grip tightened on the wheel. Easing his foot from the pedal, he slowed the van to better look outside the window, glancing down the streets they were driving past for the source of the sound.

Immediately, a leg began kicking the backrest of his seat.

"Why the hell are you driving like an old man again?" Accelerator complained. The boy was lying half-sprawled out on the bench behind Jaune. "We don't have time. Speed up!"

"Didn't you hear that? I would rather not have a rocket blow us up, thank you."

"Idiot. That was at least two kilometers—"

"Three kilometers, from the southeast," Tattletale corrected, sounding far too pleased as Accelerator tch'ed under his breath.

To double-check, Jaune asked, "Sure about that?"

Comforted by her confident nods, he pressed down on the acceleration, gradually bringing the van back up to a nice and normal Remnant-standard speed of 30 miles/hour above the posted limit even as Tattletale, riding shotgun, celebrated her intellectual victory over Accelerator by knocking back another one of Piero's Remedy.

He somewhat regretted dropping a whole case in her lap after the third time she asked for a new dose. Half the vials out of the dozen stored inside now laid empty, her excuse being to soothe the ongoing and debilitating aftereffects of her superpower—she had overused it following recent, literally world-changing events. One might argue that giving her ability a rest by turning it off would make for a more practical solution, and they'd be right. Unfortunately, Tattletale had laughed at him when he suggested exactly that. At this rate, he estimated they had less than two weeks left of supply.

Perhaps too much of a good thing may become the opposite. Could people get addicted to healing?

"I don't have a problem!" Tattletale protested against his unspoken concerns. "If you haven't noticed, this is a bit of a situation, okay? We've got a whole nation's worth of nukes back there." She waved in the direction of Accelerator. Jaune caught the other boy sneering in the rearview mirror. "An ambush to plan." She indicated the navigation screen built into the van, on which a blinking dot marked their destination: a rendezvous point set for the Hound Dog unit to return to once their mission at the hospital was over. The group had deemed it their best bet of picking up the trail to find the missing girl. "And, well, this."

That time, she swept her arm all over the place. Jaune understood the gist of it, though. The city has become quite lively since they took to the road.

So far, he had caught two car chases, one running on a parallel street for a few blocks, the other cutting below them through an underpass. Gunfire erupted on both occasions.

Meanwhile, up top, figures leapt from building to building, their purpose and affiliations unknown. He'd guess some of them were espers based on their unassisted maneuvers, but the ones he paid a mind to were those using the aid of technology to assist their travels. Grapple hooks, jetpacks, rocket boots. That last one really hurt, since he was slated to get a pair as part of their payment from Crowley before things went sideways.

Then there were the robots. Possibly robots. All he knew was that he caught glimpses in between the buildings of huge objects on the move, often towards each other, their clashes accompanied by the sound of rending steel and explosions.

After the city went to sleep, things woke up to play. Criminal or mercenary types, Tattletale offered as an explanation. Mob bosses, mad scientists, petty thieves, hired killers, agents of Crowley yet to be pointed at Accelerator once it came time for the Chairman to pay his bills. People like her and him, who saw opportunity in the ongoing crisis. So long as they had the means to remain free of the memetic virus or whatever it was, profits abound for those willing to skirt the law.

Collectively, Accelerator referred to it as Academy City's dark side. Pure mayhem was Jaune's term following a good look around at the aforementioned scenes.

A headache, Tattletale continued insisting.

"Me using this many Remedies is entirely warranted," she concluded. To emphasize the point, she unstoppered a vial. "And I think another migraine is coming on again. 'Scuse me a sec."

Nope. Jaune would bet anything that she just loved the high of Thinking without a limit, which to him seemed a very possible starting point for an unhealthy dependency on the stuff. Still keeping an eye on the road, he reached over to confiscate the medicine case. It became a drawn-out back and forth as a whining Tattletale batted at his grasping hand.

He won. Duh. She had noodle arms compared to him.

Out of sight, the vials vanished inside his Pocket, and peace returned to the van.

"You two nuisances are too damn loud," Accelerator growled, looking like he might have developed a headache of his own.

Jaune adjusted the mirror to better meet the other boy's gaze, and tried for a disarming smile. "Come on, this is nothing. A bit of fooling around isn't bad." Team JNPR got up to waaay crazier shenanigans. A tad illegal, sometimes. Very, in that one case with him and Ren. "Think of it as a day out with friends. You know how it goes."

"No, I don't."

"Oh. Um…"

Well, that killed the mood. Accelerator had delivered the line to him without a change in expression. No emotions, no hint of humor. Worse, Jaune's pocket lie detector (i.e. Tattletale) winced at the comment, which was damning.

His fingers tapped a beat on the steering wheel, the only audible sound among the trio for a while. Within his head, he tested out different avenues of breaking the ice that might revive the conversation—a joke, an offer of friendship, a suggestion that they make a stop at a diner for pancakes—and ran into a wall each time as a little voice warned him of the minefields he may be jumping on with both feet, based on the revelations he had gleaned of the esper's life.

The turn he took at the next intersection provided, if not a solution, then an excuse to end the silence.

"Hey, look, we're almost there." He tapped the navigation screen. On the map, the blinking dot was a straight shot from their location, about a mile down the road.

Tattletale cleared her throat, and pasted on a grin. "Showtime, boys. So here's how I'm seeing it go down. We should find a spot where we can observe the Hound Dog unit, and—"

"Yeah, I was just going to ram them," Jaune said, quite matter-of-factly.

"….say again?"

He motioned towards the screen again. "The map doesn't show any buildings around there, so I expect they've set up in a van like ours with clear line of sight of our arrival. Leaving the car then going on foot is a bad idea. Driving up to them and rolling to a stop all friendly-like is not much better, either. They'd recognize that we're not their buddies." He adjusted his foot, letting the van cruise at a constant speed. "Logically, this means we should ram them."

He had lots of practice on that front today. They could call him a certified expert in vehicular mayhem by this point.

"That is not at all logical! I—oh, crap!" Tattletale fumbled for her seatbelt as a black van came into view, parked sideways across the road and growing closer at a rapid pace. Nobody was standing outside, so they must all be hanging out within. Two figures sat in the front seats, visible through the window.

Jaune noted movement at the corner of his eyes. A hand had grabbed onto the headrest of the driver seat, with Accelerator then pulling himself forward until he was level with the pair sitting in the front. White teeth bared in a not-so-nice smile.

"Now this is a plan I can agree with. Send those fools flying. Bonus score if they launch out of the windshield."

"You might want to put on a seatbelt."

Accelerator glared at him. "Did you forget what vectors mean? Should I remind you what I can do?"

Images of not that long ago filled his mind, and Jaune shook his head no.

"Thought so. Now fuck them up!"

Jaune rolled his eyes, and aimed his car at the center of the parked van. Contrary to what a certain backseat driver may wish, the vehicle began losing momentum, reaching a…well, he hesitated to call it safe…a mostly survivable speed for the other party, barring bad luck. He wanted the people inside the van knocked down, injured even better to avoid him having to fight. Dead? Ehhh, he wouldn't shed a tear—child abductors and combat situation and whatnot—but leaving them subdued for the police worked for him too. They were more useful alive.

He struck dead on target, taking a small dent to his current Aura reserves as the two vans collided. Their squat, armored construction prevented the other van from rolling onto its side, which disappointed him a bit. It did, however, lift off to stand on two wheels in a sudden and violent jerk, before slamming back against the ground to thoroughly rattle its occupants. Disentangling himself from his seat, Jaune jumped out on the road then into the back of the enemy vehicle within the span of seconds. Inside, he discovered four black-clad individuals, dazed and bearing wounds yet still breathing. It was a moment's work to smack them a few times, divest them of their weapons, and drag the lot out from the van to where Tattletale waited with sets of handcuffs.

And that was that. One Hound Dog unit captured and ready for questioning in as one-sided a fight as it could get, aside from a shortness of breath on his part. Jaune stood before Tattletale, proud and beaming.

"Not bad, right?"

Hair rumpled and nose red from hitting the airbag, she looked at him from beneath her umbrella for a while, then answered with a long, suffering groan. The girl threw both hands—one still holding the umbrella—in the air, exasperated rather than pleased.

It was then, peering over her head, that Jaune saw Accelerator form a claw with his hand, and he had a premonition of the next five seconds. Something along the line of 'bloodbath,' or maybe 'massacre'. The instant that the other boy so much as twitched, Jaune interposed between him and their captives, arms waving in placating motions.

"Whoa, whoa, whoa. Let's not go there just yet, okay?" he said. Accelerator took another step, and Jaune backed up, voice growing a note shriller. "They're better off alive! Tattletale can draw answers out of them!"

That got the other boy to pause. He turned to look at Tattletale, who fluttered her fingers.

"I can, and pretty easily, too~" she agreed, affecting good cheer as she sauntered on by. There was a moment when she seemed about to nudge Accelerator aside in a small power move, but thought better of it and played the gesture off as smoothing out her hair. "Leave it to someone who knows what they're doing."

Coming to a stop in front of the Hound Dog unit, she twirled her umbrella, lording her dry form over the drenched quartet as she looked from one person to the next. A grin played on her lips, and once in a while she would give a curious hum as she observed a captive.

It was clear the four people there had no knowledge of her. They were relieved more than anything to have this random girl staring them down in place of Accelerator, and over time confidence returned to their posture. They sat up straighter. Wary expressions relaxed to calm, professional faces. Their spirits had reignited with a spark of defiance.

Jaune, currently ensconced under his own umbrella to stave off the rain, watched on with anticipation.

At last, Tattletale made her choice. She approached the man on the left end of the lineup. If Jaune had to say what was notable about him, it would be that he's the most lucid, black hair in a bowl cut dirtied only by a slight bit of blood. Squatting down, she regarded him with a genial air.

"Hey, do you know how to use a gun?" she asked.

Bowl Cut had been ready to weather the interrogation with cool aplomb, perhaps spitting in their faces as a show of his resolve. Now, the man blinked in confusion, as did everyone else. The answer seemed obvious.

Without waiting for him, Tattletale continued shooting off questions. "Do you enjoy making money? Do you hate making money? Was there ever a girl you liked? How about a boy? Ha. I kid. Aaand now I can tell what your microexpressions mean, so you can't lie to me and I don't need you to talk." She dropped that last part almost as a casual aside.

The four Hound Dog members displayed various levels of skepticism, with Bowl Cut looking amused. Tattletale smile, too, nodding along like she agreed with them. It did sound silly.

She then leaned in, and said to the man, "Has Hound Dog caught the girl named Last Order? Yes. Do you know where she is held? No. Do you have an idea? Maybe. Is she alive? Yes. Is she unharmed? No."

One of the vans flew up, kicked by a furious Accelerator lashing out. It soared over them, landing further down the street with a resounding crash.

Bowl Cut, whose eyes had grown wider with each answer, glanced from Tattletale to Accelerator and back. The confidence he had mustered was nowhere to be found.

Hopping to her feet, Tattletale began pacing.

"So, she's in custody, but your unit wasn't told of the location. Why? If we assume opsec, then it's probably because you and the other units are still spread over the city to deal with Accelerator. But that doesn't make sense unless…" She slowly spun to face the captives. "Unless the expectation by your boss was that you'd lose and Accelerator will try to pry an answer out of you."

Jaune cut in, "Seriously? Wow, that's messed up."

These guys were sent on a suicide mission, in essence. It hadn't taken him long to stumble on the fact that Accelerator tended to exhibit an extreme, often lethal reaction to his enemies.

"Really messed up," Tattletale concurred. "At some point, you have to wonder if the pay's worth it. You can't spend your fortune if you're in a grave, after all. Think about it." She returned to the end of the line, addressing the man there. "Kihara didn't care if you died. Does he deserve your loyalty? Don't you want to go home to your fiance tonight?"

Jaune's gaze lowered to a ring Bowl Cut wore on a string around his neck. He hadn't noticed that until she pointed it out.

"Awww, do you love her? Are you gonna get married and have a bunch of kiddies together?" Tattletale dropped the fake sweetness. "Yes to both, surprisingly. Well then, here's the deal." She walked closer. "You tell us what where you believe Last Order is, and—"

A ringtone interrupted her spiel, coming from Bowl Cut's pocket. All eyes were drawn to it.

"Jaune?"

"On it."

As he came closer, Bowl Cut decided it was his chance to turn the table, and attempted some sort of hold using his cuffed hands. It failed when Jaune refused to move an inch, and earned Bowl Cut a bonk on the head with the hilt of his umbrella. Holding the man in place, Jaune fished a phone out of his pocket, ringtone still going strong. On the screen was one word: Boss. He pressed the button to pick up the call, and put it on speaker before tossing it to Tattletale so that he could set to the task of cuffing the Hound Dog's legs together for good measure.

From the phone, he heard an unfamiliar voice. "Tell them a single word, and I will have your fiance on my operating table by morning. In pieces."

Tattletale swept her gaze around the area, stopping on the van and its subtly futuristic details. "Cameras."

"Kihara," Accelerator spat out.

"That's right, Accelerator. I must say, I am quite surprised. You, of all people, accepting help? Whatever happened to all that talk about weaklings?"

"Shut the fuck up!" the esper shouted. "What game are you playing at, Kihara?"

"It's exactly that." The voice had taken on an air of amusement. "A game. I'm just having a bit of fun to pass the time."

"No, you're stalling," Tattletale blurted, unable to help herself.

The voice stopped. A few seconds later, it resumed speaking to Accelerator as if nothing happened. "You see, knowing I've won is one thing. Announcing it for everyone, and especially for the loser, is another. It's a rush to watch an annoyance like you writhe and struggle like there's still a way out."

"You're stall~ling~" Tattletale sing-songed.

They could barely discern the sound of grinding teeth on the other line. It seemed Kihara did not appreciate the interruptions to his victory speech.

"Accelerator, you have started killing again. My men showed me the pictures of their comrades after you were done. Did you do it thinking that would send a message to me? How cute."

The odd part, Jaune thought, was how in a few short lines, Kihara had turned Accelerator into an altogether different person. The anger was there, innocuous words leading to a tightening of the brow or a muttered curse, but the hunching of the shoulders and the way his eyes darted around in wariness spoke of great anxiety. A being that can change the rotation of the planet at will has been reduced to an uncertain child.

It's unsettling to witness from this side of things. An understanding of the person, weaponized to use against them. A bit like a certain someone.

Tattletale nudged him, motioning him to lean down so she could mutter in his ear. "They know each other. Kihara's a scientist, I think he was the one in charge of Accelerator. Spend enough time observing your lab rat, and you begin to know how they respond better than they do."

Meaning, Accelerator was operating at a disadvantage in this back and forth, Kihara inflicting a hundred little wounds on him through words alone. In basic terms, it's what Tattletale was in the middle of doing to the captured Hound Dog unit.

Wait, wasn't the goal of that to manipulate them into obeying her?

Oh, boy.

Kihara was still talking, spewing his poison. Jaune barged in with the tact of a walrus to head that off, because he did not fancy a second go against Accelerator. "Kiharaaaa!"

Said man cut off mid-sentence, something about meat sculptures. The sound of grinding teeth returned, shortly followed by a curt reply.

"What?"

"You're an idiot."

A juvenile insult. To most people, the word carried little effect. Jaune chose it for one reason.

Smart people went apoplectic at being called that. Case in point, Tattletale.

Kihara barked out a laugh, but it was devoid of humor. "And who are you supposed to be? Since when did hired thugs get so mouthy? If I am an idiot, then the rest of the world is terminally braindead!"

"I don't know, dude. Were you the one behind those papers on Accelerator? My partner here had a look at it, and she thought the research was a load of nonsense."

"My findings are accurate by all observable metrics, and broke grounds in seven different fields of physics! I doubt that cavemen like you can even spell cenapholesticeadiploid, and…no, forget this, I will not waste time debating with a lower life form. Accelerator. An artless waste of perfectly good meat as your work may be, I suppose there is a silver lining to your rediscovered bloodthirst. Unless you want me using your precious Last Order to demonstrate the proper way of removing limbs from a subject, you will kill those two companions of yours."

Ohhhh, boy.

Jaune spun towards Accelerator. The esper hadn't made a move yet. He was, however, looking at Jaune out of the corner of his eyes. His hands happened to be formed in the shape of claws again.

Not good. This was the very situation he wished to avoid.

"I, ah…Look, I don't think he's the trustworthy sort, Accelerator."

"Definitely not," Tattletale tacked on, grinning as if she knew something Jaune didn't. The quick, shallow breaths of a cornered animal told the truth. "It's a sham. He sure did put up a good performance, though, talking about making human art and things. So thrilling! Do you see the goosebumps on my arm, Jaune?"

Jaune looked down at her arm, covered by her costume. "No."

"Yeah, there aren't any, since the two-bit act was actually pathetic."

"And what would you know—"

Tattletale cut Kihara off. "That comment about hurting the little girl? It didn't sound at all like the truth. You know why?" She asked everyone present, Hound Dog included. "Because even while he's controlling Hound Dog, he's also somebody else's lapdog." She turned to Jaune. "Crowley said it himself in the beginning, remember? That Last Order was supposed to be in his custody. He phrased his request to us like she needed to be protected. Then when Hound Dog found Last Order, they captured the girl instead of killing her. For whatever reason, she has value to Crowley. Hell, you don't give someone the name 'Last Order' for giggles. Maybe she has an esper power that he thinks is important. In any case, Kihara as his underling would have to be real careful about how he treats her." She finished by pointing a triumphant finger at the van, presumably where the camera recording them was located.

For a time, Kihara remained speechless. Jaune relaxed, as did Accelerator, reassured that the girl they were looking for would be safe despite Kihara's lies.

Then, a response.

"...You must think you have all the answers."

"I know so."

A scoff. "Well, we'll see about that."

Through the phone, there was the sound of footsteps and the rustle of clothes as someone walked the length of a room. It soon came to a stop.

They heard a scream. The voice was that of a young girl.

Ice gripped Jaune's heart. Tattletale lost her grin, her face paling.

Accelerator snatched the phone from Tattletale's hand, bellowing into it. "Stop right now, or I'll kill you, Kihara!"

"Ahaha, always with the threats. There are far worse things than death. Like what's happening to this sack of meat. Testament programs sure are amazing, aren't they? Shoving a virus into a human's head shouldn't even work this way normally. How fascinating! Want me to send you a video? Gyahahaha!"

"Fucking bastard!"

"Shouting wouldn't change a thing, Accelerator, and neither would my death. It's far too late for that. Should be any second now."

Jaune was about to ask what that meant, even though he doubted he would enjoy the answer.

He halted, and so did everything. Everything. For a second, rain did not fall, and a stillness reigned throughout the city. Him, Tattletale, Accelerator, Hound Dog, they all felt it. A pressure that weighed on them, building to something. The world grew uncomfortably warm.

And then there was light.

It bloomed forth in the distance, a great shape of pure brightness that forced Jaune to shade his eyes, rising above the buildings of Academy City, spreading towards the heavens and casting night into day. It looked like a cocoon, an egg.

From one moment to the next, the shape unfurled into uncountable different trails, beams of light that had weight. They swept past buildings in their immediate area, shearing concrete and steel apart like paper. Under the rain, a part of the city skyline crumpled—where had he seen that before?

Squinting, his eyes in tears, Jaune tried to make out a figure, a form to the manifold lines drawn across the sky. Putting a name to what he was seeing.

Wings. They were wings.

And at the center of the manifestation, where the wings joined together, he spied the outline of a face. One word sprang to the tip of his tongue, from legends and myths of Remnant.

"Angel?"

"The Simurgh…?"

Jaune did not recognize the name, spoken so softly that he almost missed it. He turned to Tattletale, to ask her what that meant. And he reared back in shock.

She was crying, looking broken.

"Endbringer." Her whisper carried with it a universe of horror.

Jaune froze stock still. He smelled salt in the air. Saw blood in the water. A lumbering beast stared at him behind a curtain of rain.

It all vanished in a blink, and once more he stood before the bright lights.

That? Here?

He blurted out an instinctive denial, "That's not possible."

Those monsters belonged to a different place, so far away that it can never cross the divide.

"Hopekiller." Tattletale had not heard Jaune, face blank and eyes staring past him; her arms hung limply at her side. He dropped his umbrella and grabbed her by the shoulders, shaking the girl.

"Tattletale, it was literally the first thing you searched for on your phone, just as I looked up Grimm. This thing can't be an Endbringer!"

For him, there were fairy tales, and two brothers. A curious coincidence and nothing more. For her, it returned armageddon, entropy, and other nebulous dooms. Concepts, rather than beings. The end of civilization in its many forms did not exist on this planet. Or, at least, it should not.

Yet again, she showed no sign of understanding him. As he seriously considered drastic measures (with influence taken from the aforementioned fairy tales), a stream of blood dripped down her nose. His grip on her shoulders became the only thing holding her upright as the girl began swaying, losing strength in her knees.

"Mmsphmbublah…"

Ahhhh. He recognized that glaze to the eyes, along with the declining motor control. The reason she wasn't responding to him was due to her superpower having gone into overdrive, then blasted past every possible threshold to reach the point where it debilitated her other functions. She was Thinking.

That's one mystery solved. Good.

…

"Oh, hell! Hang on, Tattletale!"

A vial of Piero's Remedy appeared, floating on thin air. In Jaune's panicked scramble to catch it, Tattletale slipped from his grasp to faceplant on the wet ground. He winced, then pulled her back up, tipping the contents of the vial down her throat.

A gasp, and her eyes lost their unfocused sheen, darting around in the manner of a person suddenly waking. They landed on the angel.

"Nope." Jaune slapped a hand over her eyes. "Shut down your power first."

"No, I want to see it," she demanded in a whine.

"That thing will punch you in the brain again unless you have your power turned off. Come on, Tattletale, don't push yourself."

She hesitated for a long beat, no doubt considering the complete opposite of his advice. Finally, though, she fumbled in her utility belt for the control key to her choker. A click, and the girl relaxed in his arms, flopping bonelessly as a heretofore unnoticed pressure released its hold on her. (Jaune had, in the past few weeks, referred to that absence of pressure as 'having a healthy mental state'. She called it 'weird', and avoided it most days.)

Once he was certain she wouldn't fake him out and reactivate her power, Jaune helped Tattletale to her feet, letting her lean on him for support as he recovered his umbrella to shield them both from the continuing downpour. She used his body as cover, peeking at the angel from behind his back.

Together, they looked upon what she called an Endbringer.

"This is way beyond us," Jaune remarked with a strange level of calm. Maybe it's because he saw no hope of winning against the being.

"Now you say that? Now? This whole world ten minutes ago was already beyond us!"

Espers, memetic viruses, planet-scaling attacks, and then add to that angels. He had to concede to her point. Staying this long in Academy City was perhaps unwise in hindsight.

"But the kid…"

"You're still thinking of—what am I saying, of course you were. You impulsive, stubborn, naive, stupid fucking do-gooder."

Jaune forgave her for that. They both had gone a little hysterical, seeing as this might be Leviathan all over again.

"You ridiculous, thoughtless, meatheaded, dense, witless, delusional—"

He reached back with his free hand, and pinched her cheek. "Too far."

"Ahm raight, tho."

"Yes, yes, you're always right, or so you keep insisting." He released her cheek. "Now how about you see what you can get right about that thing, because I need to know our options."

"We can ditch," was her immediate suggestion.

"That's one option," he allowed, albeit grudging. Loathe as he was to admit it, the possibility that he couldn't help rescue Last Order loomed larger in his thoughts with each passing minute. The appearance of the angel had thrown everything off course. "But you know what? Nothing says that the angel is deliberately hostile."

A ball of light formed between two of the angel's wings, shooting out as a beam to a distant target beyond the city limits. An earth shattering boom later, a massive cloud of dust blocked out one side of the horizon.

"Hostile to us, I mean."

The angel turned, and Jaune almost passed out from fear. To his relief, it ended up facing a different direction from them.

Now was Tattletale's turn to reach around him with a hand, and pinched his cheek. "Stop talking before you jinx us to death."

"Aukayyy."

Letting go, she turned her palm facing up. "More Remedies, if you please. If I'm to stay lucid during this, I'll need a whole lot of it."

Jaune opened his mouth, ready to have a talk on substance dependencies and the possible pitfalls thereof.

Tattletale preempted him. "In twenty seconds, I am going to activate my power for the sake of a little girl's life. Without those Remedies, I'll fall down and won't get back up, then she'd be lost forever. Desperate times call for desperate measures. If you get to risk your life, I get to risk mine. Ten seconds left. Nine. Eight. Sev—"

Glowing blue vials appeared, falling into her open palm.

"Thank you~"

"I feel dirty. Like a dealer."

"Don't be so dramatic. You're dispensing medicine. With that definition, all pharmacists would count as drug dealers, and that's just silly." Behind him came the sound of gulps, followed by a relieved sigh. "Oh man, that's the good stuff." The way she phrased it did not assure him any. "Now, shoosh. Let me work."

It's nearly impossible to tell when Tattletale's power was in use. There's no visible effects that a person could point to, no definite tell. Even her talking was insufficient proof, because the chatter would never stop anyway, with or without supernatural abilities. All Jaune could do, was wait.

The first thing she noted, it had nothing to do with the angel.

"Hey, have you realized? You're breathing normally now."

Jaune blinked, then tilted his chin to look down, one hand going to his chest. He tried taking a deep breath. Air filled his lungs, crisp and clear. He exhaled, and experienced none of the shortness that had made running and fighting more difficult than usual. It felt phenomenal.

"Since when did that happen?" he asked.

Tattletale pointed ahead, the empty vial of a second Remedy held in the same hand.

"Since that appeared." She rested her chin on his shoulder. "Curious. Those dots in the sky…they emerged from the destroyed buildings. They're people, unconscious. An attack that destroys inorganic objects? And a built-in friend or foe failsafe? That's not an Endbringer—plasmic composition diverges from known Endbringer flesh properties—energy output inconsistent with thermodynamic principles—metaphysical—funneled from—entropic—cenapholestice—gulp, gulp, gulp." An empty vial flew over Jaune's head, shattering on the sidewalk. "Bleh. Where the heck was that rabbit hole leading me?" Tattletale paused. "What was I talking about?"

"Something about people in the sky?"

"Oh yeah! That's not an Endbringer—plasmic compo—wait, no, focus! I was going to say it's deployed specifically as a response to the memetic effect that was putting everyone to sleep. It's artificial—Artificial. Scientific. Academy City. Crowley. Kihara. Last Order," she rattled off in one breath, pieces to the puzzle already lurking in her mind now slamming into the proper place.

It wove together one narrative. Why Jaune and Tattletale were hired. Why they were betrayed. What was happening. The reason Last Order mattered.

"Surprisingly, you might be right, Jaune. We've got one hell of an option on the table. We can stick it to Crowley and wreck his oversized toy by saving Last Order."

"Aaand what about the memetic virus and the people floating in midair?" It seemed an important concern to bring up.

"Eh. They'll probably be fine." she replied, blithely. Then, leaning closer, Tattletale whispered in his ear. "Remember her screams? She's in pain because they wanted to activate that thing, and I bet she's in pain for every second it's alive. The entire time."

Jaune shivered. There was a vestige of beauty beneath the angel's terrible might. A festive light show if one could look past the destruction. Even that died as he imagined a tortured scream continuing without end.

"You really think those people will be safe?"

He felt rather than saw her shrug, the weight on his back shifting.

"One problem's gone, or will be gone soon judging by those laser blasts, and the other's lowering to the ground bit by bit. So yeah, I'm pretty sure."

Jaune mulled on the idea. How has the situation changed, given these revelations? In truth, not much. There was an ongoing crisis. Someone else was taking care of it. A child had been kidnapped. She remained in captivity. An Endbringer-like entity was in the vicinity. They did not have to fight it.

They did not have to fight it, he repeated that thought, reinforcing the notion so as to unwind the knot of fear in his gut. He did not have to face a monstrous, city-killing beast without Sundancer by his side. The day was not yet lost.

"I want to give it a shot," he said, glancing back at Tattletale to gauge her response. Green eyes simply blinked, revealing nothing. "I know it's dangerous, and a little dumb, but…I want to try?"

"Cool. Let's."

"That's it?"

"I'll be honest, Jaune. Crowley is ticking a lot of boxes for me, and not in a good way. Also, I didn't mention one tiny detail. Going back to the mall would mean getting closer to that thing."

He checked. She was right. The way home put them at an uncomfortable proximity to the giant monster, adding another problem to the mix.

"Just great. I think this world hates us. Wouldn't Last Order be over there, too? As in, the exact spot where the angel is?"

"Not necessarily. Kihara inputted a virus into her head—some real Cranial tinker bullshit. At a guess, she's functioning as the on switch. Which means she could also be the off switch, and you'd have to be an idiot to put the off switch to a nuke inside the nuke. No, with how Crowley operates, she'd be in a place where he can have Kihara shut her down in case things go wrong."

By killing her, Tattletale need not say aloud. Kihara was just that kind of guy.

"It all goes back to finding the girl," Jaune said. "But how? Kihara's men are a dead-end after his warning."

His gaze drifted over their surroundings in search of a clue, ending at one spot.

There stood Accelerator, drenched under the rain, alone and looking as lost as them. He seemed to grow smaller and smaller as he listened to the manic laughter on the phone that he still held in his hand. After their meltdown on seeing the angel, the pair had long forgotten him.

And because they had neglected him, the boy was about to crack.

Jaune hurried over, and swiped the phone from Accelerator. "Don't pay him any mind. We'll find Last Order, alright? It's going to be fine." He went for a comforting pat on the back. His hand met vector manipulation, and turned back on itself in a painful twist, forcing him to stifle a cry. It hadn't been an attack, the other boy was almost unaware of Jaune's presence, so some kind of automatic defense was in play. Its presence barred all forms of contact, a protective shell for Accelerator to keep the world out. Jaune was reduced to shouting encouraging words in the hope of waking the boy from his stupor.

Meanwhile, Kihara prattled on, reveling in the destruction caused by the angel. "There goes my bank! Hahaha! That thing is indiscriminate, isn't it?"

"You're not helpiiiing!" Jaune yelled into the phone.

"I shouldn't beeee."

What the—? He played along!

"Oh! There goes another! I do believe that a rival of mine has her lab there. Should be included in the bit that got shaved off, too. Serves her right!"

Jaune actually saw that one. A whole side of the high-rise, from the top to about six or seven floors below it, had been scooped out as a wing passed through, leaving the remaining portion of those floors open to the wind. The biggest chunk of falling debris measured the size of a house.

They saw it. Him and Kihara both. For a while, he failed to understand why that one detail bothered him, but it scratched at his mind. Then the epiphany hit with the force of a train.

Wouldn't Kihara have to be on this half of the city to have a view of that? Because the opposite side of the building would look completely fine?

He turned towards Tattletale to tell her his observation, but it seemed she had already grasped the same conclusion, a hand held out and beckoning in a gimme gesture. He passed her the phone.

She watched the angel for an opportunity. It soon gave her the chance as the wings wrecked the neon sign atop a different building.

"Holy crap, I think that started a fire!" She had injected the appropriate level of awe into her voice, and truly appeared a girl in shock.

"Let it burn! Yes, this is what Science should be. Unfettered by the ants on the ground!"

A delicate index finger pointed to the horizon, slowly sweeping across the city skyline.

"But wouldn't that be wrong? You must have seen the movies. Runaway science is how we get robot uprisings and abominations of nature. Three-eyed puppies and stuff."

Was that her belief? Jaune doubted it. Tattletale was one to see opportunities for her to exploit, not setbacks. She has not the discipline to ponder distant future possibilities.

Acting as the mouthpiece for the fearful masses worked well against Kihara, however. Condescension practically dripped from his voice. "You are all the same. Fools so short-sighted you cannot comprehend the higher ideals that go beyond your selfish desires. Always crying, always whining about morals and restraint and the children."

They heard a smack as Kihara slapped Last Order's face. Tattletale grinned through a wince; her grip on the phone tightened.

"As if those things weren't put there to hold humanity back. Were I in charge, bothersome types like you naysayers would be the first to go."

"Like how that investment firm just got blown away?"

"What?" There was a beat of silence. "Yes, fine, like that. It wasn't something important in the greater scheme of the world, and it went boom. I suppose it is an apt enough analogy." The voice lowered, speaking more to itself. "This perfectly encapsulates why I hate talking to ignorant trash."

If Tattletale took offense, she did not show it. The wooden grin sharpened to a smirk, toothy and smug. "You…didn't see that one."

Her finger adjusted course. Tattletale meandered through the area, maintaining a distraction for Kihara with her needling while she slipped in a comment here and there on actions taken by the angel. Based on his responses, entire directions were dismissed from the path of her finger, the angle not making sense otherwise. The movement grew narrower as time went on, never above a certain height, never below a particular point, constantly refining. She ran back and forth, to and fro, finally slowing down as she ascended the steps of a pedestrian cross bridge, with Jaune on her heels.

There, she dropped the pretense.

"You messed up, Kihara."

"Hah?"

In lieu of an explanation, she began calling out the logos on buildings, or their color or an identifying feature. A giant bottle of soda. The billboard ad of a cartoon girl's face. The white building without windows. She didn't need Kihara to talk anymore, listening instead to the minute reactions of the man through the phone. His breathing, his stammer, his silence, they were to her a confession.

Tattletale giggled.

"Who's the smarter one now, huh? See you soon, you sitting duck."

Her finger was no longer moving. An imaginary line stretched from its tip to the far distance. At the end of her sight, miles away, there lay a building.

"We found Last Order."

Those four words woke up Accelerator.


Author's notes: Too sick to write the action sequence, so two more chapters to this world, I think.

With each passing chapter, I am getting a better sense of just how long this story will end up being based on the current lineup of worlds alone. How exciting.
Last edited: Apr 6, 2025
Stories:
QQ Sneaking His Way into the Multiverse , a RWBY Jaune, WC-lite mechanics story.
Other RWBY stories on AO3 or FF - Yakuza Arc | Conquered Menagerie: Annals of the Sixth Kingdom | Cat, Bunny, and the Good Ship Honey Starbright | The Agent
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, RSR2000, Amdiranifani and 723 others
LazyAutumnMoon
Mar 19, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 26: A Certain Otherworld Huntsman: Firing_the_Teacher
View content
LazyAutumnMoon
LazyAutumnMoon
We all need Sundancer in our life.
JoinedJun 7, 2024
Messages289
Likes received68,284
Mar 28, 2025
Add bookmark
#754
The office building was no fancy thing.

Were it an institution, some pillar of the city, the architect might have built it to look like a temple rather than a cookie cutter high rise. Had it held any sort of wealth or influence, a corporate headquarter let's say, they would have put actual thought into its design beyond 'big and blocky #7,507.' Since it was neither, the building just seemed…sad. A place people went to because they had to.

Someone ambitious had shot for grander with the interior lobby. Four pillars to add a pretension of class. A staircase at the back, with an upper landing that granted a view of the lobby before it led to the higher floors. A long receptionist counter, granite surface, stretching across the center of the lobby. Above that, a screen displaying stock ticker symbols belonging to different exchanges to lend the impression that people here were engaged in Very Important Business affecting the world economy.

Strange, seeing as the most lucrative firm on the lease was involved in cookware—their rice cooker models have garnered rave reviews in the local market. The pillars, they maintained the same square, utilitarian shape of the building, and so just appeared boring and unnecessary. As for the staircase, fitting in the landing despite the lacking height of the ceiling meant that it was sort of squat, detracting from the view a person could get there. The counter looked like they stole it from a better office, and was a little too big for the room. It's all grand, just lacking.

The entrance doors, however, were a different story. It's what made the office high rise stand out from its neighbors. Gilded in gold, the narrative relief running along the frame spun a charming, if simple, tale about hard work, loyalty, and the eventual payoff that came with these virtues. The glass panes forming the doors were of the highest craftsmanship, no impurities or errant flaws to mar its surface. Flick the glass, and one would hear a melodious *ting!* that sounded just lovely to the ear. The touchless, state-of-the-art auto opener saw regular maintenance, and managed to always activate at that sweet spot for those approaching, neither too early nor too late, the doors sliding apart with the barest of whisper. Someone had pulled out all the stops for this one part of the building. Quite inspired, really, since it was the first thing everyone would see walking in, and thus would remember, so its presence transformed the impression given off by the structure, uplifting the entirety.

The black van smashed through those doors without caring a whit for any of that.

Careening at breakneck speed over the broken glass, the vehicle—half-wrecked, roof torn off by an impatient esper eager to be at the fray, computer parts sputtering from the resulting water damage—pulverized the receptionist counter and almost flattened the Hound Dog squad stationed behind the fixture. Only their quick reflexes honed from dozens of skirmishes throughout the years had saved their lives. They dove aside in the nick of time.

The car, which Hound Dog recognized was one of theirs, continued its journey, now swerving off-course without a semblance of control as if no driver was at the wheel. Debris caught by the left front wheel locked up the mechanisms for a second before they were chewed apart, and that induced enough resistance to force the van into a sharp turn. Its direction shifted, and it bled off a bit of speed, but at the critical point the van still had too much momentum going one way and it began to tip. For a long, agonizing moment, it balanced on two wheels, tracing an elegant arc across the floor, watched by the Hound Dog squads around the lobby, staircase, and side rooms.

Despite themselves, many among these hardened agents cringed or turned their heads. They saw the wall.

Then they didn't, because with a loud boom it became a hole when the van crashed through, metal screaming as the front of the car—armored for war, their supplier had advertised!—crumbled under the impact. The damage continued on along its length, doors buckling, the engine crushing the front seats. Bits and pieces were sent flying in every direction, and a cloud of dust kicked up.

The whole thing caught fire.

As a group, Hound Dog stared at the crackling orange glow. It took a while before one of them found his tongue, voicing aloud what they were all thinking.

"Is…seriously, did they just die? Was that it?"

The boss warned them to stop anybody who tried to get in, but they hadn't even done anything. The idiot barged in just to get themselves killed!

"I wouldn't say that."

Blank-faced helmets snapped around towards the voice, seeing a young man walk in from the rain.

In one hand, he held an umbrella, opened up with the shaft resting on a shoulder. The other rubbed the back of his neck to suggest a mild bashfulness at the number of eyes that were on him. On his hip hung a sword, of all things, like he raided a museum before coming here. The young man carried an easy demeanor to contrast the careful way his gaze scanned the room, and he displayed the friendliest of smiles.

"Hey, how are ya?" He waved to the assembled troops. "Sorry about the van. Name's Jaune Arc, I'm here for Last Order. I don't suppose I could convince you guys to step aside?"

Every member of Hound Dog present responded by raising their weapons. Same model submachine guns trained on the intruder, fingers on the triggers. Laser dots crisscrossed the young man's form.

"...Guess not."

They expected him to cry, beg, or even piss himself. It's the outcome they tend to see in a situation like now. Espers high on their power were cocky until they realized a hundred lead rounds would kill them dead.

Far from cowed, this one gave a rueful shake of his head. His smile then faded to something wan, a touch colder and resigned. The men and women in the lobby knew that look. They wore it often enough in the course of their work, when it's nothing personal. When it's just the game of which side gets to leave the room alive.

A ceiling light flickered overhead. It served as the starting signal.

Bullets tore apart the umbrella, the only object left where Jaune once stood. [Third Arm] pulled him along the floor, and on release he slid the remaining distance to a pillar, taking cover behind it. There, he waited, sword drawn and prepared to greet all comers.

They…didn't show up.

"What the hey?"

Jaune peeked out, and pulled back his head as bullets smashed into the pillar. The brief glimpse told him enough.

Hound Dog used tactics different to what he knew. Less Huntsman and more militia, but even then, there was something weird about it. They didn't mount a charge, they repositioned. Two squads were moving up, with both of them doing a maneuver where a pair would advance for a short stretch before the next pair went, circling wide to catch him on either side. From the look of it, their guns would fire on him from outside sword range.

He could sort of grasp what they were trying for. Maybe. It's some kind of tactic designed specifically for fighting inside a city.

Wild. Fascinating.

Also, not that effective. He wasn't about to stay in place to let it play out.

Jaune exploded out of cover, hiding behind his shield to block the first few shots. Sudden use of a phantom limb yanked him aside from the line of fire, and by the time his opponents readjusted their aim he had closed the distance with a Hound Dog squad. The edge of his shield smashed against a face visor. The man went down.

Whipping around, his sword scythed a line across the air, slicing through a gun. Parted the body armor. Bit into flesh. Exited right out the other side.

How easy it was for someone to die. The resistance just wasn't there, like paper before the reforged blade honed to a sharpness beyond his imagination. With a startled cry cut short, the woman hit the ground in two pieces. Her fellow agent fell to the same stroke. The last kept his life, losing but the fingers on a hand and taking a broken jaw from a follow-up punch with the shield. In three seconds flat, Jaune stood over a pile of bodies.

They knew the score, same as him. What they've done and why he's here. If someone was at fault, it's not him.

Not him.

A deep breath in. A deep breath out. Bullets slammed into the tiles. He was already gone.

The flash of a blade drew red at the other side of the room, and from then on it didn't stop.

A man stumbled backward as Jaune dispatched his partners. It gave him room to get his gun aimed dead on target, and without hesitation he pulled the trigger. Triumph turned to panic when the bullets ricocheted off the shield, some missing him by inches, his fright made worse as the shield loomed larger, closer. Jaune barreled into him, knocking the man to the ground. He strode by, and a casual flick of the sword behind him silenced the man for good.

A huge decorative urn housing a fern broke line of sight, offering a short second of reprieve for Jaune to slip a quick sip of Remedy. He then launched [Third Arm] to escape while Hound Dog blasted the urn apart. A subsequent use latched high onto a pillar, and took him to the air.

Soaring above, he chose his target. Boots met chest, the sharp crack of ribs snapping, and he was on solid ground. Crocea Mors speared the closest foe, followed by a spin to put Jaune on one knee, back against a wall, shield up to protect from an incoming barrage. Aura soothed the ache in his arm, letting him hold firm. The moment it relented, he was racing off again.

Hound Dog had been prepared for combat. It hardly mattered. They might know to expect strange feats and gimmicks from dealing with espers, except his trick was to survive against bullets, and with it he brought a range battle down to the level of a brawl, the place he worked best.

He tore their formation apart. His sword gutted them, while his shield was offense and defense in one. Where expedient, his body itself served as a weapon, crashing into—and through—them, their bones shattering on a human battering ram made possible by enhanced strength and durability. Never static, the near random course he took—ping-ponging back and forth, jumping off walls, changing direction mid-movement via [Third Arm]—kept them from seizing the initiative even as the gaps between their squads grew wider, thinned out by the constant onrush.

Masks of professionalism soon cracked, and the lobby devolved to a wild, messy scramble as the scattered units struggled to survive.

After his brutal defeat at the hand of Accelerator, it felt good to win.

…Although, it's not as great a feeling as he expected. Alongside it came this uncomfortable pang of pity that has been growing bigger with each dismantled defense, each push to overwhelm him, and Jaune did not understand why. He pushed it out of mind.

Three more Hound Dog squads were defeated in a blink. A few others, aware of what he was doing, formed up to present a united effort, seeking to overwhelm him with numbers. A semi-circle pressed to the wall, they covered every angle. Firing lines established a rhythm, chasing him without rest by switching off with one another.

For them, he answered by returning his sword to the shield, and summoning one of the automatic rifles stored within his Pocket. Running and gunning, he fired blind in their direction. More bullets missed than hit, but the ones that did caused enough damage to collapse their lines. They saw the sword and thought that was all he had, paying the price for it.

He tossed the rifle away. They attempted to reestablish. Another summoned rifle disabused them of the notion, and that was the last of that.

Amidst the shouting and gunfire, reinforcements arrived from the upper floors to bolster their side. Credits to them, there was only a brief pause to absorb the scene, a time in which a number of them seemed to reconsider their decision, before they joined in. Not that it helped. They adopted earlier tactics of taking cover, leading to Jaune tearing them out, root and stem, one by one. All the while, those with experience from the last couple of minutes yelled themselves hoarse at the newcomers, warnings lost in the radio chatter. Commands met countermands, ideas that might have worked never panned out due to nobody being there to put it in practice, and their numbers dwindled.

Jaune had his first inkling of how desperate their tactics can become when a bullet found the center of his chest. It got there via a route that pierced through a Hound Dog. More followed, at least four to sap his Aura with the rest blocked once his shield was in place. The squad he stood among had not fared so well, wiped out to the last by their brethren.

"The disloyalty of these guys…"

He made the ones responsible his priority. None of their allies tried to save them.

The battle shifted to the staircase, and that's when it took a decided turn, reaching a fever pitch.

For every Hound Dog that would stop and put up a last stand, Jaune saw another who would roll a grenade down the steps, uncaring of the losses they were trading in the hope for his death. As fierce the opposition may be, there were too many who instead vaulted the railings, risking a bad fall in the process of saving their hide. Those guys ran off into the night, and never looked back. The people left behind didn't blame them, merely putting their trust in the Hound Dog by their side, fighting on.

Valiance. Cowardice. Heroism from criminals stained by dirty deeds. A consuming despair all too human to contrast it. Thoughts of duty. Thoughts of one's own life.

And at the center of it all, a being invincible to their futile resistance, unstoppable by any means.

I am Leviathan.


…


…How do they do it?

He had stood where they stood. To them, he was a monster they had not a prayer of defeating. A force of nature to which there were no answers. Yet, in the greater scheme of Academy City, he wasn't so tough. Off the top of his head, he can name Accelerator, Misaka, and the angel as beings whose strength outpaced him by magnitudes. A flick of their hand could well end his life.

How, then, do they do it, with neither superpowers nor immortality, fighting in a world where gods roam the land? Scum like them had no business being so brave.

No wonder his victory tasted none too sweet.

"But I'm not going to stop."

He wasn't certain what he expected when he said it.

"Fuck you!"

"...Yeah, your buddy said the same thing." Jaune pulled back his sword, and swung.

Hound Dog troops continued to pour into the confined space, balking as they realized how close he had gotten. In all truth, they held years of experience, but not quite like him, and not quite like this. Unstable terrain, melee range, blade in hand, breakdown of order, tactics blending with instincts, throwing oneself again and again towards the gaping maw of danger, here was where a Huntsman waged his best battles. Beacon had trained him for this. Jaune could imagine that before him stood a many-headed Grimm, slow to adapt to his alien behavior and defaulting to animalistic struggle as a result. It made things simple to the point of unfair.

A glimpse of purple below signaled that Tattletale had begun to follow him up now that the path was clear. She lingered a little ways behind, content to give him room as he dealt with their opposition.

He hoped that when they regrouped, she wouldn't look at him like she did that other time.

At last, he stepped out onto the correct floor. The fighting retreat of Hound Dog resembled more a rout by then, a scant few holding their ground. They fell in quick succession, one screaming as Jaune snapped out a heavy kick to break his leg, another went over with a wet gurgle, and a third smacking into the wall unconscious. He moved past them to kick down the door, the wooden thing smashed to bits in one blow.

It was empty.

Jaune leaned back out of the threshold. Another door laid further along the corridor with noises coming from it.

"Ah. That's the one."

A glance at the stairs confirmed that Tattletale wasn't yet present to see his mistake. Rushing to the correct door, he kicked that down to reveal an occupied room.

Hound Dog in their black body armor and helmets held position on one side, between the furniture. In contrast to their colleagues that Jaune encountered, they portrayed a casual demeanor with weapons held loosely, leaning back and watching someone else do the fighting.

At a fair distance to their rear lay a slight figure on the floor, half-hidden by a desk. A hint of her hair and features had Jaune thinking of Misaka, specifically the little Misaka he spotted running in the underground mall, which might explain the girl's desire to join the search for Last Order. She wasn't moving, the virus doing who knew what to her.

Near the center stood a man in a lab coat, his face lit up in victory, tinged by surprise due to the newcomer on the scene. Kihara, Jaune presumed. Surprisingly young for what he heard was a top scientist. The jagged lines tattoo on the left side of his face wouldn't be the first thing Jaune pictured for someone spending their days bent over a microscope, either. His lab coat flapped in the wind, the room opened to the outside air by a wide window with its glass blown in, the result of a certain someone deciding to take a shortcut without bothering to bring Jaune and Tattletale along.

Through the window, Jaune could see an eerie unbroken moon, and below it the angel, still firing off at seemingly random intervals. Their lights shone on the person Jaune had come here to find, and who he focused on now. The idiot to tear the roof off of their car in the middle of a downpour.

Accelerator.

"You!" Jaune spat the word, jabbing a finger at the absolute worst teammate he ever had.

Accelerator glanced his way, and scowled. "Tch. Why are you here? I told you I could handle it."

"It's called teamwork, you troublesome—wait." Jaune looked him up and down. "What happened to you? Is this what you'd call 'handling it'?"

The other boy was covered in bruises. Blood ran down his face. He swayed in place like a drunk.

"Ye-ep," said Accelerator.

"Oh, like hell," Jaune said in reply. "They're kicking your butt!"

Which had him wondering how that was even possible. The guy's whole thing was reflecting all damage and dealing all the damage, yet here he was, beaten to hell and back. Kihara, meanwhile, sure seemed alive for what should be a bloodstain on the ground.

Tattletale poked her head into the room. "What's going on, guys?" She noticed the state of Accelerator, and whistled. "Not great, huh?"

"The stubborn fool thinks otherwise," Jaune said.

"...You have no room to talk, mister."

Before Jaune could ask what she meant by that, a new voice cut in.

"The anomalies…" Kihara said with a spark of recognition, paying far more attention than when it was just Jaune alone.

Rather annoying, that, to find out he considered somebody an enemy and they had him as an afterthought to somebody else this entire time.

The man turned fully to face them. "Imagine my surprise—"

Seizing the moment of inattention, Accelerator propelled forward, arms outstretched to rend Kihara limb from limb.

A fist slammed into the esper's face in an almost casual motion, blasting him backward. Accelerator collapsed on the ground, his face a mess of blood. It neatly demonstrated why they found him in the current condition, and Jaune started to regard the scientist with a more wary eye. What he did defied reality. A mere man had punched an invincible being, and made it hurt.

He's no simple nerd.

"Manners, Accelerator. I fucking taught you better than that."

"Were you the one responsible for his foul mouth, too?" Jaune asked.

Kihara ignored him.

Anger meter rising.

"Imagine my surprise," Kihara said as if there had been no interruption, shaking out his fist, "when I checked my email, and two faces showed up to match a couple of foreigners I saw just earlier tonight. What fortune. That information broker was worth every yen."

Well, that's not concerning at all. If the information about them had moved past the point of first-hand surveillance to reach some kind of sketchy mass bulletin service, then the number of people aware of them could skyrocket.

"And what might it be saying about us?" Tattletale asked. "Good things, I hope. Smart, quick-witted, higher intelligence than that Kihara nobody…"

Kihara snarled. "It says that you belong on my operating table! Oh the ways I will test that reactive shielding of yours." His mood took a turn, and he chuckled. "Observational data suggests its underlying principle shares many similarities with my dear lab rat's redirection, and I expect a few of my methods should draw some very nice screams."

Tattletale narrowed her eyes. "You're talking about how your fist didn't actually punch Accelerator."

Jaune looked from the boy on the ground nursing a new bruise, then to her. Pure incredulity poured off him in waves. Accelerator appeared very punched, in his opinion. Thoroughly, and far more than advised, in fact.

"It never connected." She demonstrated for his benefit—and pretty much everyone not Kihara too, since Hound Dog were all watching with interest. Holding up a palm, she made a fist with her other hand, and mimed a punch. It paused right before hitting flesh, and she slowly pulled the fist back. "That's what he did, just a lot faster and at a fraction of the distance. Accelerator reflects vectors. As in, the force of any attack that pings his shield gets redirected in the opposite direction of itself." She looked to the boy in question, grimacing. "Except there's a delay due to your calculations. If a person were to activate your shield, and reverse the direction of their attack prior to the calculations completing—"

"Then the shield would redirect the force that's heading away to send it forward at Accelerator!" Jaune finished.

Tattletale nodded. "Exactly." Catching the smug expression on Kihara, she gave a nonchalant shrug and said to Jaune, "I wouldn't be so impressed if I were you. It's only 'observational data' that any halfway mediocre researcher can get at when they study one subject for years and years." A smirk grew. "Or a couple of minutes for me."

Kihara lost his smug. It was stolen by a fox. The man glared at the girl.

Bang! "Aaargh!"

Whatever mental battle that might have broken out between them died with a whimper as a Hound Dog agent dropped to the ground, blood spurting from a reflected bullet missing the armor vest to strike flesh. He had fired on Accelerator, driven by…okay, Jaune didn't know why.

Tattletale and Kihara did, and they both sighed.

"He got the idea from my explanation that Accelerator's shield is now, somehow, down for good."

Jaune frowned. "But…that wasn't at all what you described."

"Uh-huh. Congrats, Jaune. You—at the very, very least—measure a few IQ points higher than a lemming. The same can't be said for that guy."

Kihara, meanwhile, was cursing. Unconcerned of an attack, he strode over to the fallen man, peering down at him with a contemptuous glower. "This is the help I get. Morons, the lot of them." He reared back a foot. To a one, his subordinates remained unmoving, leaving Jaune as the one to protest.

"Whoa, he's already hurt, don't—"

The foot landed, eliciting a scream as it struck the hand pressed to the wound. The scream was followed by wet, wracking coughs. Jaune stared at Kihara in horror.

"What kind of monster are you?"

A sneer greeted him. "Quiet, mutt. I'll get to you and that bitch later." Kihara waved a hand, allowing his troops to drag their injured member back to apply first aid, and refocused on Accelerator. "My first puppy requires further training." He began walking forward.

Jaune headed him off, screeching to a halt beside the other boy with weapons at the ready. Kihara didn't seem very worried.

"Are you perhaps volunteering? I want a chance to test my technique on you, if you have forgotten. Tell me, have you ever been beaten to a pulp?"

Today. A few weeks ago. Another incident shortly before that one. Every other day during the semester. Jaune mentioned none of that, because nobody needed to know his win-loss ratio.

"There's no guarantee it'd puncture my Aura," he said instead.

"Aura, is it? How unscientific. Call it a field."

"Aura." The twitch on the man's face brought Jaune too much happiness to be healthy. "You're not touching Accelerator, and you're going to let Last Order go."

A laugh. "No, and no. Are you delusional?" He studied Jaune's outfit and weapons. "Could be. Do you think you're some knight in shining armor, here to save the princess?"

(At this point, Jaune pictured Accelerator in a princess dress, and gagged. No.)

On a roll, Kihara pointed out the window. At the end of his finger was the angel beautifully aglow. "News flash, you're on the wrong side if you believe that is something to be stopped! You children may think your tragic tales make you special, but that doesn't change the fact that I am the hero of the story. That I am the one saving the city." He jerked a thumb over his shoulder. "That brat should be glad. This is the most use she will ever have in her worthless life."

And he did so well up until that last part. Just the sheer conviction in his voice had caused Jaune to hesitate. Yet, it was an empty boast in the end.

"Blow that," Jaune said. "I know my heroes, and you're not it, Kihara." Ozpin. Pyrrha. Sundancer. Solaire. "Real ones sacrifice their own self first. They chose the option where they're who hurt the most, not anyone else. Don't compare your cowardly hide to them."

At his side, Accelerator stared at the ground with downcast eyes. Over at the door, Tattletale wore an inscrutable expression.

Kihara looked at him like he had sprouted a second head.

"You…you really believe that drivel." Open-mouthed disbelief shifted to mirth. "Haha! What? I can't believe an idiot this naive exists! Have you a clue of how the real world works?"

Tattletale called over, "Better to be him than a puppet like you! We all know you're a hired hand. A prop. None of the big stuff could be called your idea." Kihara furrowed his brows, greatly displeased. It was sweet proof of victory for Tattletale, who eagerly continued, "The Chairman was the one to set events in motion, but he's just protecting his investment so I won't say he's a hero—god knows kidnapping a girl disqualified him from that title. Still, he is the player moving the pawn named Kihara."

Silence ensued for a time, as Kihara glared at Tattletale in hate. Finally, he said, "I placed my body between the city and the strongest esper—"

"Nope!" she chirped, cutting him off. "You're doing this on an order, I said. Without the fear of Crowley, you would leave in a heartbeat." Louder, she addressed the room. "And did you see how he's trying to fit himself within the definition Jaune laid out? Hilarious!" She injected the word with utter venom.

"Experiment one: shoot him," was Kihara's reply, following the age-old adage of 'why admit a loss, when you can kill all the witnesses?'

Hound Dog obeyed instantly. As Tattletale cried out in shock, a hailstorm of bullets rained on Jaune, who hunkered down and let the shield on his arm bore the brunt of it.

He couldn't block everything, and his Aura flared with the impacts that struck his skin.

"Unimpressive," Kihara concluded as the salvo petered out. "Photonic particles aping metallic properties. Deviations from conventional laws remain within bounds of known science. Physiological responses correspond with pain, and flickers indicate finite supply. I can pick up better shielding technology from a bargain bin."

In multiple ways, ow.

Tattletale spoke in a rush. "Don't buy it, Jaune. He's worried that his punching technique won't affect you. Every card he has is developed to counter Accelerator, so he has nothing else he can use. It'd be a battle of conventional arms."

In short, Kihara was not equipped to face Jaune. As for Jaune, he might not be the best person to deal with nonsense esper magic or endbringer angels, but this, he can do something about.

Lifted by newfound confidence, he straightened up. One hand twirled Crocea Mors in a flourish, the blade reflecting the silver of moonlight.

"You want a go at me? Fine. Let's do this!"

A signal from Kihara, and every gun was aimed at him. They're nervous, though. After seeing how he survived their attack, and the communications they received of the situation below, no doubt Hound Dog had their misgivings about fighting him.

Kihara, too, seemed wary. He had a hand in his lab coat pocket, and that troubled Jaune in turn. A scientist who stood on the frontlines of a battle, he must carry with him a bag of tricks. Maybe whatever lay in there was fine-tuned solely for Accelerator, maybe it's not, but there sure were many pockets to that coat.

A scan of the foes arrayed before him, and Jaune chose his point of attack. Seizing the initiative, he launched forward!

A hand clasped on his ankle. Unyielding strength prevented him from slipping free, and all of his horizontal momentum swung downward. Jaune face-planted the floor with a mighty crash.

As the room burst into hyena guffaws—Kihara the worst of them—Jaune resisted the urge to just curl up in a little ball, knowing he'd never live this humiliation down. Instead, he twisted around, and leveled a deadpan look behind him at the culprit.

"Acceleratoooor. Care to explain?"

The other boy replied, sounding irritated, "Get it through your head already that I have this handled."

"And again, like hell you do!" He glanced at laughing Kihara. The scientist hadn't given the go-ahead for his people to open fire, but Hound Dog were waiting for it despite their show of mirth. He hissed, softly, "What is your deal? This isn't the time!"

"I have to rescue Last Order," Accelerator blurted out.

"Yeah? And that's why we're here?" Duh.

The laughter was beginning to die down, the guns becoming steadier. Jaune shifted his shield in response.

"Kihara prepared everything so that he could kill me. Forget the angel-like thing, his real reason to abduct Last Order was because of me!"

"He did it because he's a prick, so you shouldn't put the blame on your own head. Don't worry, we'll make him pay, starting right now."

Accelerator growled, frustrated. "No, you still don't get it!"

That anger kicked things off. Having had enough of his fun, or perhaps sensing danger, Kihara waved his hand. Answering it, two dozen muzzles flashed bright, and the room exploded with the sound of gunfire.

A hundred lead rounds struck, but not a single shot went through. Not for a moment did Jaune's Aura register a hit. He looked up at the reason why.

Accelerator had taken it all against his back, his ability rendering the onslaught harmless.

That said, the full brunt of the other boy's ire seemed to be directed at his ally rather than his enemies. He seized Jaune by his shirt, and pulled him up so they were eye to eye.

"I can't keep doing the same thing again," he said in a snarl. "I can't just throw it all on another person's shoulder again. My fight. My problem. My responsibility." His voice faded to a quieter note, underlaid with a desperate want. "My turn to be the hero."

And in those eyes, Jaune saw a reflection.

A boy dreamed he would save the world. Only, here nobody had taken a chance on him. And from that, his adventures never began.

With a chant, the story can change.

Dropping Crocea Mors, two automatic rifles appeared in his hands. He flung them at the exit of the room.

"Tattletale, distract them!"

She succeeded in catching one and ducked out of sight, trailed by a barrage from Hound Dog, with the other gun sliding along the tiles out the door to join her. A beat later, the barrel of a gun peeked past the threshold and returned fire, the rounds impacting the floor at their feet to send Kihara and his subordinates scurrying for cover among the furniture.

Using the reprieve, Jaune hid behind Accelerator as best he could to avoid the gunfire, then slapped a hand over the boy's face.

…It flew right back to smack his own face.

"Do you mind?" he said, rubbing his smarting cheek. "This is necessary." He waited to see a grudging nod before he gave another attempt at making contact, gentler to avoid a repeat. That done, he explained quickly, "You have a point. I could fight your battles, except that doesn't solve the problem in the long run, because for certain reasons I won't be around much longer. You're going to keep being in danger so long as the method to defeat you is still out there. Let's give fixing that a shot. Agreed?"

"The fuck? How would you—no, fine." Accelerator directed a glance at the door, where Tattletale was. "I can guess what that involves."

"And?"

Accelerator hid his nervousness, but Jaune spotted a clench to his jaw. What he had offered bore the hallmarks of an experiment, an operation. Changes to the body for the sake of inducing greater power. For someone like Accelerator, it wasn't a good thing.

"Do it."

That was what he needed to hear.

"For it is in passing that we achieve immortality…"

Oh, wow, that one was on point from the sound of it. Exactly the line Pyrrha used. Nice.

He pressed on. There was a flub here and there as he put the words he felt were right to where he thought they should go in a slapdash manner. The chant wasn't his, nor was it Pyrrha's. Something in between, yet to become capable of standing on its own. He tried to be sincere, above all.

And once it's over, Accelerator stared transfixed at the pale glow encasing his form, the milky shade near imperceptible on his skin and hair. Judging from the unreserved, scary-as-hell smile, it was a great feeling.

The esper brushed a careful hand against the floor, activating his vector control on a whim. A v-shaped gouge spread from the hand to the side of the building, where it blew out the exterior wall and triggered a collapse that penetrated every floor to reach the lobby.

Both sides of combatants stopped to stare at Accelerator.

"Huh. Oops."

"Oops?" Jaune squeaked. The force of pure destruction had passed inches from him!

"My calculations have a new part to them. The answers were off."

Which wasn't absolutely terrifying or anything, Jaune was sure. However, Accelerator soon forgot him altogether, just as he ignored a renewed assault by Hound Dog, muttering under his breath in a one-person conversation while bullets pinged off what should have been his vital areas. (Then again, that's a legitimate strategy for him, since the bullets were flying back to their owners, and woe to the person that had no cover to protect them in that situation.)

"This is…so the calculations would go…and what's this? A track, but where does it lead?" The other boy made an odd head-tilting gesture, a little too far compared to how other people do it. A short pause, and in his eyes, red was overtaken by blinding white lights.

Jaune stared in frank disbelief. Did he just unlock his Semblance?

Uh, pardon, but what kind of utter crap was this? What, did Aura have a vector now? People went their entire lifetime never getting their Semblance, and this guy found his in less than a minute of having his Aura awakened! Hacks! Unfair! Sorcery!

"...Good for you," was what he said aloud.

Accelerator burst into a cackling laugh, high-pitched and ill-practiced. "Holy shit! The equations are holding! Fucking amazing!" He looked at Jaune. "You've given me something useful."

"Glad you think so." No, he wasn't jealous. Not even slightly. Honest.

"Now isn't this interesting."

Both boys turned toward the speaker, though Kihara had only eyes for Accelerator, looking like a starving man at a feast. He half-stood out of cover, slapping away attempts by his subordinates to pull him back to safety.

"You might have just become a worthy test subject again, Accelerator. Come home? Door's open."

They stared at the madman.

"Is he serious? You two were at each other's throat a minute ago," Jaune asked.

Accelerator sneered. "Yep. That's 100% him, the fucker. He genuinely wouldn't understand the reason if I refuse, too."

"And would you refuse?"

"The hell do you expect? I'm killing him!"

"Good. Bloodthirsty, but good." Jaune picked up his weapons, rising to one knee. "I hope you're ready, then. Let's—"

Accelerator grabbed Jaune by the arm to keep him from climbing to his feet. "—Have everyone except Accelerator sit this one out while he goes wild, is that what you were trying to say? Because you're not going near this fight. I'll deal with Kihara, and I'll be the only one who gets hurt. You can go buy a smoothie or something if you want."

"That wasn't really what I meant when I said that stuff."

"Too bad."

"Well, how about—"

The grip tightened. "Hah?"

"You know what, nevermind. Have fun."

The boy gave a sinister chuckle. "Oh, I will."

He tapped Jaune on the arm, and in a moment of stricken terror, Jaune thought he was about to go the way of that wall over there, blasted to smithereens. It was a needless worry, as the force acting on him seemed almost graceful, sending him in a smooth glide across the floor on his back. The momentum tapered off after he passed the exit, calculated so that he came to a stop with his hair brushing the opposite wall. From the room there then arose the sound of many voices screaming.

Tattletale popped into view. "You okay, Jaune?"

Lying on the ground, Jaune heaved a sigh. "Why is it that my teammates are scarier than my enemies?"

He absolutely was including JNPR in that.

Tattletale feigned an offended gasp. "What do you mean? I'm adorable!"

"Uh-huh. You sure are."

Little Miss 'I need two minutes to drive a man to murder.'

Curious of the ongoing battle, Jaune got up and returned to the threshold of the room, peeking inside.

He soon realized that referring to it as a battle painted an inaccurate picture. That would imply far too even a match-up. In the short interval since his departure, things have taken a decided turn in Accelerator's favor, and it looked unlikely to change.

Hound Dog, who had been more fodder than allies for Kihara thus far, were wiped out down to a handful. The rest of them coated the room with their remains, carelessly swept aside by Accelerator as he pursued his true target.

The cocky attitude Kihara possessed in front of the esper was cracking bit by bit, a grim intent peeking through. The man brought everything available to bear for the sake of squeaking by, up to and including his subordinates, shoving them in the line of fire to escape deathblows, leading Jaune to wonder what leverage he possessed on them to achieve that extent of obedience. The centerpiece of his strategy, however, involved a familiarity with Accelerator's thought process, and which kept Kihara one step out of harm's way each time. On occasion, the man launched a counter before Accelerator took action.

The method took advantage of Accelerator's lack of training. A deliberate shortcoming, Jaune now suspected, in anticipation of this exact scenario. A study of the fighting style on display left Jaune shaking his head. Standing on the sideline afforded him a better perspective than when they were opponents, and it confirmed an animalistic bent to how the other boy fought. He lunged and pounced, swiped and slapped, throwing his whole body into an attack. It can seem daunting, like fighting a wild beast and not a man, yet it's also a weakness that was allowing Kihara to live longer than he had any rights to. The man's not having a good time, but one could argue that he's still in it.

None of that effort mattered.

Jaune got the chance to see what would happen when a punch, one that earlier would have bypassed vector control and laid out Accelerator, went up against Aura. Except for a wince as the phantom sensation of the punch transferred over, the attack failed to leave a lasting mark on the other boy, thus disproving one of Kihara's theories. The attempt nearly earned Kihara a severed spine as Accelerator retaliated, hand shaped in a claw.

Scrambling to hide behind a Hound Dog, Kihara fished out a sharp, needle-looking device. Feverish clicking of a button on it produced no results of note. Judging by the absence of surprise and the ease at which he tossed the object away, he never put much faith in that method from the beginning. There had still been a measure of hope, though, and its loss drained the final trace of his smirk.

From a different pocket emerged a gun, shaped and colored like a plastic toy replica. A pull of the trigger fired off an exotic, purplish energy. One missed Accelerator, the boy moving too fast. A second shot struck his hip to elicit a grunt, but nothing more substantial than that. The hiss of frustration suggested that Kihara was banking on better outcomes. Aura had changed the game.

Hurling the gun aside, he opted instead for an oblique avenue of attack, some terrible truth of Accelerator's past that he revealed with glee. It amused Tattletale to no end when the esper, sneering, pointed to his ear—her thwarted plot to do much the same had prepared the boy for this eventuality. Kihara shouted profanities at deafened ears.

Try after try, his options dwindled.

Tattletale nudged Jaune in the ribs. "Accelerator's herding them into the corner, have you noticed?"

"...Yeah, of course I did," he said, refusing to meet her eyes. A second look with that comment in mind, and he saw what she meant. Kihara and Hound Dog have lost a lot of ground, and each action Accelerator took forced them back another step.

The scientist had also sensed the way things were headed, and that realization—the mounting prospect that he was losing—led the man to come undone. The frantic rifling through his pockets for the next escape route resembled nothing so much as the flailing of a cornered rat. The lab coat—his image, his armor, his arsenal—hung off him in a state of disarray. Fumbling a tool had him screeching in anger. A dodge too slow allowed a bullet, redirected by Accelerator not back to the Hound Dog who fired it but towards Kihara's foot, to slam into his shoe. It claimed the small toe to leave him hobbling. Mistake piled upon mistake, the man was at last falling to despair.

It made a strange contrast. As Kihara devolved to a maddened animal, Accelerator seemed to grow in stature. He stood taller. His composure smoothed out. Movements grew tighter in control. A grin found its place on his face, free and bright. The specter of the person who molded him no longer hung above the boy, and he looked his age for the first time.

And for Kihara, the image he cultivated of a man striding among the titans of this world, of the scientist that could fell a godling, it cracked to reveal someone so very small.

Perhaps that's why the metaphorical gloves came off. He had nothing left to lose.

A tiny vial shattered on the ceiling, and among the fragments of falling glass was a dull gray vapor, dispersing wider than its meager volume would indicate. It induced no effects on the scientist that Jaune could see, but the subordinates standing in his immediate surroundings demonstrated what the substance was meant to do. Without an antidote, they dropped to the floor one by one, faces under their masks turning blue, scrabbling in futile struggle. Some kind of biological agent, it had stifled their lungs. Those lucky few among Hound Dog that stood further from Kihara raced to put distance between them and the area.

Jaune, too, backed away from the door, ready to bolt. "Will that reach us?"

"Ye—no, but Last Order is in range," Tattletale determined, aghast. "He doesn't see it as his trump card, only to distract—meaning Accelerator can contain it!"

Did Kihara even care about orders from his boss anymore? It didn't seem so. Last Order became just another piece to achieve survival in this kill or be killed struggle. An effective one that he exploited to the fullest, as Accelerator rushed to intervene.

Breaking the furniture, the esper gained a chair leg. The chair leg, he set to spin. The spinning, it gave rise to a tornado, one whose vectors were shaped to draw in all the air—along with the vapors—between Last Order and the broken vial, then funneling it out of range to the far end of the room.

What an elegant solution.

"My head huuuurts," Tattletale whined, clutching her temple. She pestered Jaune for a Remedy, which he handed over when it turned out she had a real headache.

Between gulps, the girl complained of how espers were bullshit. According to her, the 'elegant solution' Jaune just witnessed should not have ever succeeded in the manner it did. He refrained from mentioning how it made perfect sense to him, and that he had seen similar maneuvers play out in the Vytal Festival tournament. Tattletale could be weird sometimes.

Still, possible or not, the exchange marked an escalation of tactics between Accelerator and Kihara. Each brought to hand greater gambits, the esper burning through his battery and the scientist unveiling the fruits science had wrought. The room burned, and shook, and distorted, and broke, and thundered.

The last Hound Dog died there, alone and far out of his depths. With him went the final human shield available to Kihara. His pockets were empty, his pride shattered to pieces. Blood flowed from deep gashes all over his body. He wasn't going to walk away from this even in the improbable scenario where he won. The end was nigh.

He had one move left.

His hand dipped into an inner pocket of the lab coat. Whatever was stored there fitted completely within his fist, and he winded back his arm to hurl it straight at Accelerator. The projectile measured no bigger than a shirt button, innocuous as compared to the wicked tools that came before.

Accelerator scoffed, and waved a contemptuous hand that would disintegrate the object on contact.

"Jaune, grab it!"

He didn't question Tattletale, hearing the shrill panic in her voice. [Third Arm] shot across the distance to pluck the projectile a hair's breadth from its destruction, bringing it back to his hand. The act drew a glare from Accelerator for the interruption…and an incoherent scream of rage by Kihara.

Accelerator looked from the scientist to their group, expression dawning in the idea that something was amiss.

"He thought it would hurt you—really, really hurt you—if that was lost," explained Tattletale, eyes riveted on the thing in Jaune's hand. "He would have told you what it was, after you destroyed it."

On closer study, it hardly presented a threat. A thin, black square with little metal strips visible through the plastic exterior that were inscribed with lines. It looked kind of like a smaller version of the memory card that he would stick in his game console.

"A computer chip," Tattletale concluded.

Accelerator froze. His pupils shrank to pinpricks as he stared at the chip.

From one moment to the next, a storm swept over his expression. In a halting, jerky motion, he turned his head towards Kihara.

When he spoke, each word sounded as cold as a gravestone. "When they provided you the Testament device to infect her with the virus, they would have given you a key. A script for the program to serve as insurance should things go wrong." His voice cracked, overcome by a cocktail of emotions—anger, fear, hurt. "A cure."

Jaune sucked in a sharp breath, his gaze flicking down to the chip again. This time, it no longer appeared so harmless.

So far as he knew, nothing in the Marketplace app could help Last Order. It was all either too expensive or designed to deal with a different condition, in addition to an infinite array of products he never managed to sort through. His best idea would have consisted of unlocking her Aura, he supposed, but that was more due to lack of options than him thinking it would be effective. Tattletale mentioned the possibility of an off switch in the design of the angel, and he had trusted her on it.

The chip might be the one method to awaken Last Order.

Accelerator had been a second from crushing it by his own hand, dooming the girl with an innocent, thoughtless action. The boy would have lost everything.

Rage won out over the other emotions, and Accelerator began striding toward Kihara. The look on his face promised murder.

Kihara abandoned any shred of dignity he had left, scampering in a retreat. A pity that his feet met the broken ledge of the building before he could take three steps. At his back was the yawning sky. He had nowhere to run.

"N-now, now, Accelerator. You can't—" A hand squeezed around his throat in a crushing grip, silencing him.

"Shut up," Accelerator grounded out through clenched teeth. "I spent years listening to you on what I 'can' and 'can't,' and I'm sick of it. You're terrible with kids."

To affect an object, vector control required but a touch. That just wouldn't do in this instance, it seemed. For Kihara, for the things he had done, Accelerator winded back an arm. His form, Jaune observed, was better than he had ever shown, a strong stance and a tight fist that the amateur must have seen somewhere to imitate.

Roaring at the top of his voice, he punched Kihara in the face.

The sky was beautiful that night. The rain had let up, and with most of the city having gone dark, the stars were out. Best of all, there flew a comet, a trail of fire shooting for the horizon.

A man made that comet. Its name was Kihara.

Accelerator watched on until it faded from view, then he shook out his fist.

"Good riddance," was his final word on the matter.

"Yeah, no arguments here. What a way to go," Jaune said. Idly, he thought back on all the times in the past few hours where he got on Accelerator's nerves, regretting each and every one of them. Good thing they were on the same side, and that fate of becoming a star in the sky would never befall him.

He put his hand in front of the other boy, opening it to show the computer chip resting on his palm.

"Now, there's one job left for you, hero."

Saving the girl.

And as Last Order awoke to the world, eyes fluttering open, it was Accelerator whom she first saw. Kneeling by his ward, he held one of her hands in both of his. On his face was displayed a casual—almost bored—expression, a deliberate facade after he noticed her waking and hurriedly bottled up any hint of weakness.

Tear tracks betrayed the truth. He hadn't known for certain if the counter-program would work.

Last Order smiled at him, a bright and sunny thing to light up the room. The girl opened her mouth, but then hesitated, not quite knowing what to say.

Thank you? Sorry I made you cry? I'm so happy to see you?

Jaune beat her to it, over the moon with relief now that everything turned out alright.

"Good job, man!" he cheered, and slapped Accelerator on the back in congratulations.

Then he paused in his tracks, as did everybody else, to stare at the esper sprawled flat on the ground.

"Uh…oops? Say, what happened to his vector manipulation?"

-o-​

Under the cool night air of September, a quartet walked along the road.

Jaune carried Accelerator on his back, the other boy unable to walk by himself. Meanwhile, flitting to and fro was Last Order. An energetic child, she had bounced back fast after what she had gone through.

Tattletale took point, motormouth running without end.

"—and mitigation of that brain damage is centered entirely on his choker, which has to connect to a external computational brain—"

"The Misaka network, says Misaka as Misaka chimes in helpfully!" Last Order…chimed in helpfully. It hadn't taken them long to discover that there's this verbal tic to the girl where she narrates her life. Tattletale told him it has a story behind it that she has yet to figure out.

"Yes. That." Tattletale huffed at the interruption. For all that she sympathized with Last Order's situation, Tattletale didn't seem to actually like the younger girl very much. It may have to do with the surprising amount of information Last Order possessed in that head of hers and her penchant to cut other people off mid-sentence to wow them with her knowledge. How annoying. "Without it up and running, I don't think he can even talk. His Semblance seems to be operating off of that network, letting him lock in specific equations and thought processes within his memory to retain a measure of independent functionality, which would free the network to perform other tasks. The Semblance power of Mental Resource Allocation, in essence. So, how close am I?" she asked the boy on Jaune's back.

"That's of it the gist," Accelerator replied.

The solution wasn't perfect, seen every time he talked and the words flowed out of order. Jaune chalked it down to a person's mind having a ludicrous amount of different components that ties back into each other.

"Keep at it," Tattletale encouraged. "The results seem to hold even after the Semblance goes inactive, so with continued uses, more and more of the processes should get locked in until you're able to stand on your own power. There would still be gaps for years to come, of course, but at a certain point I imagine it'd be like chasing down bugs in the system as they occasionally pop up."

"Ha! I better am than times a million before. Month me give one and this be would child's play!" Drunk on victory, Accelerator tried to make a gesture with his hand. It refused to heed his directions, almost slapping Jaune on the ear. He didn't care much. The simple fact that he could move the hand was an achievement of leaps and bounds. In the meantime, the choker that he wore would make up the shortfall. Hence, the need to go collect a battery from the only doctor in the city that Accelerator trusted to not tamper with it.

"But, you know…that's a problem on its own," Jaune said.

An idea had floated around in his thoughts for a while now.

Aura wasn't enough to set Accelerator free, making the battery indispensable if he wanted to live a normal life while protecting both him and Last Order. A battery that he could only sourced from Academy City. No matter how one sliced it, the people running this place will always have leverage on him.

That was without mentioning the recent kerfuffle and what it meant for his citizenship status. Accelerator seemed confident that the city would sweep it under the rug and let him stay, based on his value as the strongest esper. He couldn't deny the chances of someone trying to attack him again, though.

These thoughts crystallized in a decision.

"Why don't you and Last Order come with us?" he offered, indicating himself and Tattletale. "I won't lie, it's probably a one way road, but I have a safe place outside the reach of Academy City and with time I think I can figure out a faster way for you to recuperate."

Tattletale frowned, which said she had some misgivings about him making the offer. That became moot, though, as Accelerator shook his head.

"I have ten thousand thirty one reasons for why I cannot go. And nine thousand nine hundred seventy reasons more to stay." Unlike before, he spoke in perfect clarity, words etched upon his mind with no mistake. A number that his equations never failed to arrive at.

20,001? What did that mean?

Jaune stumbled due to an unexpected increase in the weight on his back. Last Order had glomped onto Accelerator, feet dangling off the ground as she hugged him. They weren't inclined to explain further, and Jaune was unwilling to pry. It meant the world to them, that was all he knew, so he accepted the answer given, shrugging and walking on while carrying them both.

Their route took them on a pedestrian bridge, and at around the center of the bridge they spotted the first other person since they left the office building.

The girl meandering by the railings stood out for the white robes she wore—it dragged to her feet and the seams appeared to be held together by safety pins. Silver hair blew in the wind as she gazed at the sky over Academy City, confusion warring with relief.

Hearing their approach, she turned to face them.

"AH!" She shouted in recognition, pointing at the boy lying on Jaune's back.

"Yo." Accelerator flicked a finger back and forth, his best approximation of a wave at this time. "Index. What doing here you?"

She hurried over to their group. "I was trying to save Hyouka!"

Literally who?

"You see, the resonant Telesma strings connected the angel to the core of the spell somewhere in the city!"

Literally what?

"But…then the spell ended. Somehow, Hyouka was saved." She peered closer at Accelerator, noting his injuries. "You look like Touma after he saves a girl. Did you—"

Tattletale interrupted, mouth working a mile a minute, "Index—Spell—Angel—You're the magical index!" She shot ahead, grabbing a squawking Index by the shoulders and pushing her forward to present her to Jaune. "We found her!"

"Aaaand what are we supposed to do with her?" he asked, cocking an eyebrow.

He couldn't very well sell the girl for Points, now could he? They just finished dealing with a child abductor.

As for other possibilities, like learning magic, they had two and a half hours before the portal went sideways on everybody. It wasn't going to happen.

"...Damn." Coming to the same conclusion, Tattletale released the confused Index.

Since Accelerator was a bit indisposed, Jaune took on the job of explaining the situation for her. "You're right that he saved a girl. That one, there." He pointed to Last Order, who shyly waved at the newest member of the strange-name club. "But I guess it's also right to say that doing so saved your friend, too."

The more she listened, the more Index brightened, blooming in joy at the good news. When Jaune finished his explanation, she nodded in understanding and shifted her attention back to Accelerator. With glistening eyes, she gave him a deep bow.

"Thank you for saving my friend," she said with utmost sincerity.

"...'Kay," Accelerator mumbled, sounding annoyed (or embarrassed).

Jaune felt a nudge from the other boy. It could have been an accident due to Accelerator's troubles with coordination, he supposed, but he liked to think that he was getting the hang of understanding the guy, and interpreted it as a hint to do something about this mood.

There was something he was curious about, anyway.

"So, Touma, you said? It wouldn't be Kamijou Touma, would it?"

Seriously, did everybody know everybody in this city? And here was him, still not remembering half the names of his classmates.

Index rapidly nodded her head up and down. "Yes! Are you his friend?" She bowed again, one of politeness. "Thank you for taking care of him. Touma is a good person, and reliable even if he doesn't buy enough side dishes to go with white rice."

Pft. Jaune and Tattletale burst into snickering at the nonsensical yet fond endorsement of the boy's character. Judging by her look, Index didn't get it, which just made it harder for Jaune to suppress his mirth.

Once he regained his composure, he asked, "Is he doing okay? Last we talked, he was rushing off into a dangerous situation."

"Mmhm. He does that a lot, and it's very troubling," Index complained. Then, she perked up, and raced towards the railings. "But I think he's less hurt than usual today because he's still standing upright! Look, you can see him from here!"

They followed the direction of her finger.

She was pointing at a lower road, way in the distance. A person could be seen, though the details beyond that were hard to determine seeing how far they were, bar one thing.

He recognized the messy (too pointy and unstylish) dark mop of a hairdo.

Kamijou Touma stood over a supine form clad in yellow. Around them were signs of an intense confrontation, a broken street of torn-up asphalt and craters to tell the story of a battle from which he had emerged victorious. That spot would have been where the angel manifested, the epicenter of everything on this night.

Jaune had to laugh again.

An ordinary high school boy that can be found anywhere, huh?

-o-​

An hour to midnight, the ball was winding down. Time for the princess to go home to bed.

So it was that Jaune and Tattletale made their exit, having bade goodbye to Accelerator and Last Order at the temporary hospital where they delivered the pair into the care of a frog-faced doctor. Index, they sent off earlier with a message, a second farewell for Kamijou and Misaka whom they had not the time to meet with again. Now, the two made their way across the city, en route to the coin lockers to retrieve the goods they bought.

"The entire thing was a wash," Tattletale whined.

Jaune tried to cheer her up. "Don't say that. We did good."

"Good isn't rich, Jaune. Uuugh!"

"...Yeah." Jaune sighed.

They complained for complaint's sake. Academy City had held so much promise in the beginning. A modern world, replete with science and magic if one knew where to look, and of all the groups they could have aligned with in the place, it was with a teenager and a kid.

Neither of them would change a thing. Still, they could dream.

A steady whirring noise knocked them out of their pity party. It grew louder, closer, as the seconds passed, prompting them to watch their surroundings with a wary eye. Jaune placed a hand on his sword.

The source of the noise became apparent as an object dropped from the sky.

Sleek of make, the slim disc stayed aloft on two rotor wings. A metal claw—like the ones in the crane game machines at the arcade—extended below it to hold a package, a blue plastic container sealed tight. The object, a drone, employed some manner of technology years beyond the ones from Remnant that Jaune was familiar with, because the cargo measured impossibly large compared to it.

The drone drew level with their eyes, whereupon a little compartment flipped open. A camera lens spun, and flashed with light.

"Recipients confirmed. Please standby for delivery."

Jaune and Tattletale shared a look. Delivery?

Before they could question it, the package was deposited on the ground with a soft clatter.

And then, a phone rang.


Author's notes:
Jaune, meeting modern military tactics — *confused noises*
Tattletale, meeting anime logic — *confused noises*
Stories:
QQ Sneaking His Way into the Multiverse , a RWBY Jaune, WC-lite mechanics story.
Other RWBY stories on AO3 or FF - Yakuza Arc | Conquered Menagerie: Annals of the Sixth Kingdom | Cat, Bunny, and the Good Ship Honey Starbright | The Agent
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, RSR2000, Amdiranifani and 745 others
LazyAutumnMoon
Mar 28, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 27: A Certain Otherworld Huntsman - End_of_Day
View content
LazyAutumnMoon
LazyAutumnMoon
We all need Sundancer in our life.
JoinedJun 7, 2024
Messages289
Likes received68,284
Apr 4, 2025
Add bookmark
#802
Ring. Ring. Ring.

Ring. Ring. Ring.

A phone rang into the night. On its screen, a name they did not expect to hear from again, but should have.

Aleister Crowley.

Jaune and Tattletale stared at it for a while, then shared a look. They just screwed the guy over, throwing in their lot with the 'rouge esper' he wanted them to neutralize in order to steal back the kid his forces had stolen. All in all, it's a dynamic that did not bode well for any conversation that may follow. Jaune was the first to break the silence between them.

"Block him?" he suggested.

Pretend they're not home. Run back to the portal. Skip town before he finds them. A fool-proof plan.

Tattletale shook her head, and pointed at the blue container. "He brought peace offerings, and I want to know why."

Of course she did. Always with the knowing.

"Alright, I'm willing to give it a shot, but…let's make a little distance from that box just in case this is a trap and there's a bomb ticking away in there. I've seen the movies. If he says something along the lines of 'you will regret crossing me, muhahaha,' we dive for cover, okay?"

She snickered. "Sounds good, Jaune."

They relocated to the entrance of a nearby shop, a stationery store selling all manners of school supplies. Standing under the overhang, Tattletale pressed the answer button, and set it on speakers.

"Tattletale, Jaune. Greetings," was the first thing said by the voice on the line, still sounding like a chorus distilled into one.

Jaune waited for the incoming tirade, and was rather thrown for a loop when none came, leaving him with a lukewarm pleasantry to respond to. Now that someone did say hello right off the bat, the lack of insults and threats stumped him a bit.

After a beat, he settled on a simple "...Yo."

"Hey?" Tattletale added.

Truly, they were poets.

"A fine night, is it not? There is something about the air after a good soaking rain in autumn. The crispness of it, I suppose. It is beyond compare. Have I ever told you…"

And Crowley went on and on. At first, Jaune hummed along every once in a while to show he was listening, thinking that they would soon get to the matter at hand. By the time Crowley started blathering on about sunsets evanescent and love's forlorn whatever, he was forced to revise that idea. The guy might, in fact, be using them as a sounding board for his crappy romance writings.

Patience stretched to the limit, Jaune snapped, "Okay, what do you want?"

A chuckle came through over the line, amused with undertones that brought to mind of stark sadness and holiday cheer. Confusing as ever, it revealed little of the man's true thoughts. That said, Jaune got the distinct feeling that he had lost some sort of exchange by failing to keep his cool.

"Just my little joke," Crowley said, unapologetic. "As for the purpose of this call, well, I simply wish to commend you on a job well done, and ensure you have received your payment. How are you finding it, by the way? Nothing is missing, I hope."

"I…a job well…what?" Jaune spluttered.

Tattletale cut in, mind awhirl. "He considers what we did to be the outcome he wanted." Despite her difficulties in reading Crowley from his voice, the things said were enough to glean a few details. "As far as he's concerned, we're still on his side."

"You're kidding. He backstabbed us!"

Crowley gasped, sounding oh so fake. "Such a harsh accusation. My thoughts were of the city, and I have only ever assigned you to the tasks where you will do the most good."

"Oh, yeah?" Jaune made certain the man heard the sarcasm.

"Of course. Without your work throughout District Seven, the magician Vento would not have crossed paths with Kamijou Touma, where her containment at a deserted and out-of-sight location slowed the effect of her spell. In the same vein, the assignment which follows—"

"Threw us right in front of Accelerator," he said with an almost snarl. Sure, he could see how there might be sense to that spree of traffic mayhem from what Crowley claimed—people were dropping like flies due to the memetic virus, spell, or whatever it was. He can even agree that it was a good idea to drag Kamijou Touma into the battle, now that he enjoyed the benefit of hindsight. The other boy could handle Vento just fine. But Accelerator? "It was a death sentence. What benefit to the city was supposed to come out of that, then, besides getting rid of us?"

"4 minutes, 26 seconds."

Aaaand he was confused again.

"...Beg pardon?" he said, tilting his head.

Crowley gave another one of his offbeat laughs. "I had much the same reaction at the time." He paused. "Or near enough. Insofar that I am still capable of feeling surprised, at any rate. Most of my estimates place you at just shy of two minutes. The result as transpired was a far outlier, I can tell you that."

Jaune still didn't get it. But Tattletale? Her eyes widened, and she sucked in a sharp breath.

"You fucker!" she hissed out. Turning to Jaune, she explained, "He might not have planned for us to die, but he also didn't care if we lived, and never thought we'd win. Our job was the same as Hound Dog, to delay Accelerator. Bodies thrown in the meatgrinder to keep him distracted from rescuing Last Order long enough to serve Crowley's purposes."

So, two minutes. That was the total worth of their lives. Two more, plus twenty six seconds, to make a happy surprise. A surplus they've provided him on top of their value.

Understanding came with an anger that burned cold.

"I think I hate you, Aleister Crowley."

The man took it in stride. "A common refrain, I'm afraid. Although, do not underestimate yourself. Facing Accelerator was no certain end, merely a risk," Crowley corrected. "Between the pair of you, and the anomalous properties you two exhibit, I anticipated a number of possibilities. Survival counted among them, and that is more than could be said of many. Of the available agents that I could send, you were the best for the job, and you proved it."

That sounded so nice. Crowley had nobody better than them!

It did not tell the full story, not with what Jaune knew now of the voice on the line. 'Available agents that I could send' was quite a turn of phrase. It seemed to suggest, but did not mean, everyone in his employ. Not when the task involved fighting Accelerator. Against the strongest esper, victory was unattainable, survival a remote chance. In that scenario, the best people comprised those that one can afford to lose. For Crowley, Jaune and Tattletale topped the list of the expendables.

And yet, something bugged him. Past his anger, there lay curiosity, and it won out.

"I don't get you," Jaune admitted. "In one sense, you calculated events out to a ridiculous degree, down to the seconds. But in another sense, the way you went about it looks… shortsighted."

"Oh?" Crowley waited, clearly waiting for him to elaborate.

"Why lie? I mean, yeah, it got us to the hospital, and to start a fight with Accelerator. Except, if you really believed we could come out of it alive, then the odds of us finding out the truth has to be pretty high, right? Because I'll just bet most of those scenarios involved him sparing us. Why lie, and those lies in particular? It could only blow up in your face."

"No, it wouldn't." Tattletale looked sick. And awed.

From the phone, a hum of agreement. Nothing more, as Crowley allowed Tattletale a chance to pursue the threads she had grasped ahold of.

"Jaune, imagine you had a weapon. A trusty tool that you consider a trump card. Would you prefer that it works once, or a lot of times?"

The surface answer was a choice between one or the other. The answer reading between the lines, was a name.

"Last Order," he said.

Tattletale nodded. "Kihara's an unhinged maniac." There's another one talking to them right now, she need not mention. "He wanted to hurt Accelerator above everything else, and nothing would hurt him worse than losing Last Order. Hell, Kihara gave it a good shot at the end with the computer chip."

"Would you care to hear the simulated chance that he murders her at the conclusion of tonight's events, should he be in position to commit that deed?"

In fact, Jaune did not. His mouth ran faster than he could stop himself.

"What is it, then?"

"96.752% she dies."

Way higher than he ever guessed, yet so much more real from the moment he heard it spoken aloud.

"Kihara is a useful asset. Predictable, despite his quirks. His motivations, his past, his scientific expertise all made him uniquely suited to succeed in retrieving Last Order from Accelerator's care, and to activate the Imaginary District Five project so that we may repel Vento before she plunges the world into eternal slumber."

"But that's one half of the equation," continued Tattletale. "Just as you needed her abducted to deal with the crisis, you needed her rescued after it was over."

"Thus, you. Greedy, but not unduly so, and trusting, up to a point. The story of a child in captivity puts you where you had to be, when you had to be, again and again."

The lies set them against Accelerator, and the lies allied them with Accelerator. After those minutes of delay, it didn't matter that they discovered the ruse. Rather, Crowley counted on it. Even their animosity against him had become a part of the ploy, spurring them to push forward until they stood in an office building, staring down Kihara.

Jaune leaned back against the wall of the stationery store, looking up in a stupor. He swept his gaze across the skyline of Academy City. It no longer seemed as fascinating a world, where science and magic promised a million possibilities.

Accelerator had raised the first red flag, in a sense, of the strangeness below the surface. The boy had been unable to trust adults, and divided the city between them and the students. To color his views so, who else in this place shared Crowley's way of thinking that people were chess pieces and numbers? Too many, Jaune would guess, because Hound Dog was the next clue. They died in droves, traded for seconds at a time as Kihara discarded them like trash.

And now, a confession from the man himself, spoken with the ease of one commenting on what he had for breakfast.

"You can't expect us to believe that you orchestrated events to march so neatly to your tune," Tattletale protested. She was shaking her head, one hand pressing on her temples. "Like…like some kind of Simurgh Thinker plot. It's too contrived… What if just one thing turned out different at the hospital? It could have," she insisted, unwilling to accept they were led along to that degree.

The story had a thousand avenues it might have gone down. A single wrong word by Tattletale, and Accelerator would have pasted them on the walls. A sliver of Aura less, and Jaune would be dead, crushed by rubbles. And later on, they had been so very close to running when the angel emerged within the city.

"Then you die," Crowley answered.

A brief period ensued where Jaune and Tattletale stared at the phone with open mouths.

"Can you say that again?" Jaune finally asked, incredulous. "I could have sworn we were required for a later bit. You know, with the rescue and all."

"Barring your presence, other contingencies would direct Accelerator toward the correct location. They carried an increased risk of him deviating even further outside previous thought patterns, of course, plus other complications, hence my preference that you took up the task. The boy had a nearly 56% probability that he would die outright to Kihara if he went ahead without aid, would you believe it?"

"Sorry, I'm still a little occupied by the fact that after all the talk about us standing a chance, you were completely cool with us dying."

"You were up against Accelerator, Jaune. What did you expect?" Crowley asked, and notes of honest confusion shined through among his myriad emotions, as if to suggest it's Jaune who was being weird.

"I'm not the unreasonable one here!"

Crowley, it seemed, thought otherwise. "Your survival was the best case scenario, I assure you, but had it gone the other way? Well…you would have provided new combat data for Accelerator, moving him ever closer to the next phase, and I would be down two outside variables before their actions can cause further ripples in my city. It was, as the Americans say, a win-win. I had to be a fool to not take that deal."

"Are you serious right now? We spent most of the morning hanging out at a mall, you prick. Literal harmless teenager stuff."

"My point, exactly. You caused a ludicrous amount of problems left and right with just that alone. A dozen organizations were preparing to engage in a public street brawl to grab you. Your odd string of purchases might appear innocent, but it shifted the collected demand data for the Underground Mall ever so slightly, and that's going to lead to a number of hilariously off-tune products hitting the shelves in the future. Then we have Misaka Mikoto, who somehow wrangled a real date out of Kamjiou Touma—I had to revisit my end-of-the-world prediction models for that one, I'll have you know. And even after relocating, there's the matter of the substance you shared with Accelerator…my word, did you have to do that?"

"Yeah? Blame it on the situation you put us in," Jaune said in an accusing tone.

"How troublesome. I'll grant that it contains some academic value, despite its rather distasteful nature—"

"Oh, yes, talk about Aura like it's something dirty. That's really going to endear you to me."

"Forgive me, but I find it a hard thing to accept. Your 'Aura' does not belong in the true world." Crowley sighed. "No matter, it will ensure Accelerator better survives. The benefits outweigh the detriments. A net positive. It won't spread on its own, will it?"

"..."

"Jaune?"

He remained silent. Let the guy worry. Petty as it was, it's one of the few opportunities for revenge he could get, since the man seemed capable of running rings around whatever else he might do.

Another sigh, and Crowley said, "I suppose I will find out in the future, when a new zombie outbreak occurs or some such other problem. In any case, you may find my methods disagreeable, but I hope you see that it, as ever, serves a purpose."

He saw nothing of the sort, and Jaune sniffed in disdain.

(And if a traitorous part of him held a different opinion, then it can get stuffed.)

"What happens now?" he said, somewhat changing the subject. Avoidance of an uncomfortable talk aside, the concern was valid. By Crowley's own admission, the two of them were undesirables to the smooth running of Academy City.

Proving that they did not know him as much as they believed, Crowley said, "I have a new assignment for you, and payment will—"

"Nope," Jaune said, after needing a moment to understand that, yes, the guy was dead serious.

Taking cue from him, Tattletale added her voice to it. "Rejected."

"A shame. Am I to see this as your notice of resignation?"

"Yes, it is. We're not sticking around anyway."

Having confirmed so, Jaune tensed up, as did Tattletale, their hands moving towards the various weapons strapped around themselves. If a real backstabbing (as Crowley considers it) were to happen, now would be the time the trap was sprung, when they severed the tenuous alliance for good. They weren't assets anymore, just a set of unforeseen variables mucking up the equation.

But, screw Crowley, it had to happen. The portal didn't even factor into his decision. Jaune refused to work with the man again after the events at the hospital—it was asking for another betrayal. And who knew how many more children he would hurt without even realizing by heeding the man's request.

"Understood. Then we shall part ways here," Crowley said, unveiling no nefarious intentions that Jaune could detect. The man's amalgamation of voices was quite annoying in these instances. "Please, do take your payment with you. Confirm that there are no traps, if you like."

One whispered argument later, and Jaune approached the blue container. A pile of guns that had run out of ammo appeared on the street, making room for the box to vanish inside his Pocket. Shapes flickered on his upraised palm as he ran down the list of items for Tattletale to study, taking them out and sending them back to form a series of split-second observations. At the end, she nodded in satisfaction.

"No tricks, no bombs, no shortchanging. He pays his bills, at least." She paused at the familiar sound of a drone. One shortly drifted down to deliver another blue box, smaller this time. "What's this?" Tattletale asked, suspicion making a comeback.

"A bonus. In appreciation of a job well done."

Ugh. He hated how there was a brief pang of gratitude welling up in him, a sense of 'oh, hey, he's not such a bad person' that Jaune would bet was the point of this move. A bribe to assuage their feelings, so as to dissuade further retaliations.

"Thanks, I suppose," he said with reluctance.

"You are welcome."

What a polite backstabber.

"...Crowley, it was not a pleasure to have met you. After everything, I could only say that you're an asshole. There are lines."

"I shall do as I will, such is the whole of my law," Crowley offered as his reason.

Jaune thought about that for a bit. "Yeah, like I said. Asshole."

If a phone could convey a shrug, this one did.

Those words of Crowley, he found them uncomfortable to the extreme. There was a selfishness to the credo that struck too close to home, reminding him of forged papers, thefts, and thoughtless little lies piling up.

With nothing else that could be said, Jaune turned his head away from the phone, letting the conversation end. Tattletale mimed dropping the call, and he nodded.

Then, he stopped in his tracks, because in the night, shapes were emerging from the shadows. Cars turned the corner to rumble down the road. Alleyways disgorged figures in faceless masks and body armors reminiscent of Hound Dog, with a number of insignias to differentiate them from each other.

"Uhhhh, Crowley? Are you still there?"

"Yes?"

"Did you send these people after us? You know, to maybe stab us in the back or something."

"No. I have ended our partnership, however, and I do believe the various research organizations took that to mean a withdrawal of my protection, thus making you fair game."

"And does it?" Jaune asked, heart sinking as he already suspected the answer.

"...It does. My, they are rather quick to move on an opportunity."

"You couldn't have told us this beforehand, huh?"

"I shall do as—"

"Yes, yes, you've told me."

A chuckle emanated from the voice on the line. "Good luck."

Whether they were captured and dissected to the point they no longer counted as 'unforeseen variables,' or they removed themselves from the equation, did not matter to the master of Academy City. By the end of the hour, the problem they represented would be solved.

The call ended. Jaune and Tattletale looked at each other.

"We can fight them," he suggested.

From the sky came a constant whip-whip sound, much louder than that made by the drones, to denote the arrival of multiple helicopter crafts. Snipers knelt at the open doors. More cars pulled up.

"We can still…"

The pavement cracked with loud booms as huge mechanized suits landed on the street. Eyes glowing red, they brought net launchers to bear. For whatever reason, perhaps because test subjects didn't truly need legs, chainsaw arms whirred to life.

"Run?"

"Run."

-o-​

"I told you it was a bad idea to make so many different PINs!"
"Be quiet and let me work, Jaune!"
—Conversation in a coin locker.

"Hurry! Hurryhurryhurry! How long could it possibly take to remove a toilet!?"
"Be quiet and let me work, Tattletale!"
—Conversation in a public restroom.

-o-​

The portal was shrinking ever smaller before their eyes. During the time remaining, Jaune and Tattletale waved to the mercenaries, mad scientists, espers, and assorted pursuers who were currently packed into the public restroom on the other side. Not that many were paying attention. Denied access to their targets, they've fallen into infighting, with a rousing battle in full swing as the portal finally shuts down to leave them alone together in the apartment.

"And that's that," Jaune said.

"Yeah…" Tattletale laced her fingers together and stretched them to the ceiling. "Oh man, that was a long day."

To roughly correspond with their internal clock, the sky outside had turned to night. It hit them right around the point they were watching the planet hanging in place of the moon just how exhausted they were, and the pair arrived at the same thought to leave everything for tomorrow.

As Lisa padded off to grab a shower, mask removed and a new set of pajamas tucked under one arm, Jaune set to the task of stowing away their loot. Circling the room, he held out a hand, summoning items from a Pocket filled to the brim. The shopping bags were dropped in a corner—not the one with the bat, but opposite it. The blue containers joined them there. Weapons got a spot along the wall. Kitchenware and other small appliances went on the countertop, with the tools Crowley provided them—carjacking device, crowbar, etc.—placed next to those for later reorganization. Which will either be tomorrow, the day after, or whenever Lisa pesters him to put them away.

Passing by the spot where the portal was, he snagged the high-tech toilet still dripping with water, lifting it and walking over to the bathroom, setting it beside the door. Since they had been in a hurry, the removal process mainly involved him smashing apart the area surrounding the thing using the crowbar and Crocea Mors, then prying it out. It left pieces of concrete and tiles attached to the fixture, along with a couple of pipes cut clean through. The electrical wires, he had ripped from the wall and they now hung off of one side.

That was going to be a mess and a half for tomorrow-Jaune to deal with. Poor bastard.

The last item summoned from the Pocket was special, and he mustered a bit of energy for it. Holding the box in hand, he studied the picture on the front.

An inflatable mattress. It sure looked comfortable.

Unboxing it, Jaune used a foot to shove aside the couch that had been his sleeping spot. Out with the old, in with the new, he spared it not a single glance as he spread a piece of fabric onto the floor. The instruction sheet was dead simple to understand, comprising two steps, and with the first step already done, all he had to do was find the button on the tiny motor tucked in one corner. A press, and the mattress quickly filled with air, resulting in a pretty sizable thing longer than he was tall, that he can lay on with both arms spread out wide.

He placed a hand on its surface as a test. This was soon followed by his head, his face sinking into the softest bed he had ever experienced. It didn't feel like an air mattress, but one stuffed with…with down feathers or something.

Not that he actually knew what a down feather bed felt like. He wasn't made of money.

Still, it resembled the sensation that he imagined one would have, along with the air inside somehow managing to achieve a layer of firmness once he sank down deep enough. It resulted in a neat balance where he could enjoy being surrounded by warmth and softness without it feeling suffocating. There was also this peaceful, flowery scent that practically beckoned him to sleep. It took all of his willpower to even stand up after Lisa exited the bathroom, and through the entire length of his shower he dreamt of his new bed.

Which was why it annoyed him rather a lot when he came back in the room to find a wild Lisa bouncing up and down on the mattress. Although, the joyful laughter made it difficult for him to get mad.

Strolling over, he asked, "Having fun?"

Lisa stopped her bouncing and flopped on the bed, face down. A groan of pleasure drifted back up, and she answered him in a muffled voice. "Holy crap this is soooo comfortable! I think it's softer than the other bed!"

"Right? Waking up without that nasty crick in my neck is going to feel amazing." He sighed in happiness at the thought.

Lisa did not respond. Nor did she move.

He waited for her to get the hint. Then, after a little while of nothing happening, he cleared his throat. "Hey, Lisa. You mind?"

"This is mine now."

Oh, to hell with that.

"Excuse me?" Leaning down, he glared at her, the effect somewhat dampened by the fact that his gaze was meeting the back of her head. "I don't think so. Off."

"You can take my old one," she offered.

"Good joke, but no. This thing's replacing the couch, and who was sleeping on that? Me. It only makes sense for this to be mine." He thought that was very sound reasoning.

Lisa clung onto the bed as a declaration of her intent.

The long, ensuing period of silence got her thinking she won, and the corners of her lips quirked up in a bright smile. To make sure, Lisa turned her head to peek out with one eye.

Right as Jaune landed on the mattress.

With a yelp, she bounced a foot in the air. By the time she landed, Jaune had secured his spot, head resting on the pillow he brought with him, his eyes shut.

"Go away!" Lisa demanded once she regained her bearing.

"Nope. My bed." He stuck out his tongue.

This bed was his domain, claimed by conquest, so decreed Jaune Arc, king of the apartment. That he had also claimed by conquest.

Unfortunately, Lisa wouldn't leave it at that, and she pushed at him with both hands in an attempt to dislodge him. It looked tenable at first with Jaune being moved an inch at a time, but before she succeeded he stuck out an arm. In one shove she was sent flipping end over end off the bed.

Her head poked above the edge of the mattress. Green eyes narrowed to slits. Growling, she pounced.

The pair began quarreling back and forth, all thoughts of sleep forgotten.

After a long, long day, it was good to be—

Well, not home, but something close.

-o-​

Footsteps rang out over stone, coming to a stop next to Jaune's head.

"Zzzz."

"..."

"Zzzz." The fake snoring continued in the hope that it would make any disturbance give up and go away. Sure, it was a tad cold and uncomfortable lying here on the rough ground, but Jaune figured he could weather any storm if it meant a faster return to his real bed.

"...Oh look, this island is breaking."

His eyes snapped open. "Wha—ahhhh!"

Jaune smacked into a new landmass below the one they were on. The impact didn't hurt, not really. It seemed more a case of him knowing that he should feel pain, and so did. The sensation would fade as soon as he became distracted.

With his eyes now open, Jaune looked around to confirm that he was once again within that half-dream, half-reality space called the Void.

The unnatural cold bit deep, though Jaune shivered not from that alone. Surrounding him was the yawning emptiness that stretched without end. All sense of scale paled before it. Here and there, islands floated, and a few could well be the size of continents for all that they resembled pebbles at this distance. Sometimes the islands were just barren rocks, and sometimes Jaune thought he recognized the shapes and figures standing on them, like scenes from old memories he could barely recall. The details were fuzzy. There might have been movements.

He stood upon one such place, with dark, jagged stone beneath his feet and pure nothing in front. A simple turn of his head, and he was now on a pedestrian bridge. City streets laid before him. High rises loomed, among them a windowless building on one end, a smashed open office building on the other. A comet flew in the sky.

A young man with black eyes was by the railings, arms resting atop it. Jaune found him inscrutable as always—the neutral expression never changes. The guy seemed to enjoy the chance to talk judging by previous meetings, though, so this was probably one of those occasions. Sighing, he walked over to join the Outsider in looking up at the angel.

They stayed like that for some time, neither person speaking. It was almost serene, in a way. Just them and the silence.

"You were watching," Jaune said, finally.

"Of course. I said I would. I liked the rabbit."

"I didn't. That thing was vicious."

The conversation stalled out there, and Jaune used the time to study the angel.

In the absence of an ongoing crisis and the wanton destruction, it's not quite as scary. Back when it was moving, he had been so concerned of an errant blast wiping them off the face of the planet, that each glance at the angel led to him shaking. Here, the stillness lent it the air of a painting. He could observe the angel at his leisure, and appreciate the details without an overwhelming fear to mar the experience.

A hundred wings of light reached for the sky, frozen in the moment. They lit aglow the Void, seeming all the brighter amidst the dark.

"Kinda beautiful, isn't it?" Jaune asked, just to have something to say.

"Do you think so?"

He thought of Last Order. "No."

The Outsider nodded, and turned to sit on the railings, one leg pulled up. "I have said this before, but what is it about people, that across civilizations they would arrive at that same idea, and make that same choice."

"What idea?"

"Torture a person, create a god." Pitch black eyes stared at the present, and saw the past. "Why do they always think it would end in benevolence?"

Jaune rubbed the back of his head, distinctly uncomfortable as he muttered, "That's…I mean, it might not be like that everywhere." He was not ready for this heavy a topic, one that told much of the Outsider's story. "It's two worlds."

Dunwall, and Academy City.

"Three," the Outsider corrected, but did not elaborate.

Jaune ran through the previous universes in his head. Of his Remnant, Earth Bet, Steelport, Monty Python, and Lordran, he could only guess it'd be the last one.

"Okay, I'll admit it's concerning. This is starting to sound like a—"

"Pattern? Yes." The Outsider gave a chuckle. Where Crowley's laughter contained every emotion under the sun, this one held none. It was more akin to the imitation of mirth, than the real thing. "And you assume, there's one to a world."

Jaune blanched. "Are you talking about…" He pointed at the copy of Academy City.

"Magic gods, they call it here. I met them by chance in a place much like this." The Outsider spun his finger in a circle to indicate the Void surrounding them. "We compared our stories, and it was fascinating the extent to which they match. I peered into a mirror, almost." He motioned across his throat. There was a faint hint of a scarred line there, that didn't look like the kind of wound a person got better from.

What was there to say to that? Jaune searched and searched, and failed to find words that were sufficient.

Crowley had seen a need for the angel, and he deemed a child's suffering worth the cost. By his estimation, it was the necessary step to save many more lives. Kihara shared the sentiment to an extent, diving in head first on that decision, and he called himself a hero for his deed. How many through history, and across worlds, said the same?

Of course, other people probably haven't gotten the same chance as him (lucky him!) to meet a person who was sacrificed and who then returned to let their feelings be known on the matter. The Outsider held a rather rare perspective, one coming from the other end of things. Maybe if everybody could see dead people, these sorts of decisions would have different outcomes.

And him? Well, he faced the choice twice in his life thus far, and though he wanted to boldly declare that he went at it his way, even he was not blameless of that brand of heroism. An unwitting 4 minutes and 26 seconds helped give rise to the angel, and hurt a young girl.

"I'm sorry," he said in the lack of a better answer. "I might not have done anything directly to you, but I held some responsibility for what happened to Last Order. I'm one of those people you're talking about. So…I'm sorry."

The Outsider turned his head to look at him, and the thought occurred too late that he might have made a mistake admitting that. Nobody could predict what one of these unknowable beings would consider a grievous sin. Pitch black eyes rooted Jaune in place. In it, he saw dark, only dark. Cold, empty, soulless. The end—it ends—

Lips curled to imitate a smile.

The sensation Jaune had of forever falling down vanished in a blink. He could breathe again.

"You had a hand to play in that girl's suffering, true," the Outsider said. "And yet, I cannot help but imagine… If I had someone like you on that day, if the man I once was screamed for help, and a voice called back in answer, saying that everything will be alright." He drew his gaze upward, seeming to mull on matters. "I suppose my thought on this, is that you continue to be a strange one. Hm."

Pushing off the railings, the Outsider landed on the sidewalk, and began strolling away.

Caught by surprise, Jaune hurried to catch up. Problem was, despite how hard he ran, the Outsider outpaced him, walking further and further ahead. Jaune soon surrendered, and slowed down to a stop.

"What, is that it?" he asked in a loud, carrying voice. "No dragging me from place to place? You really seemed to like doing that."

The Outsider called over a shoulder. "How small we are, Jaune, that the world does not upend upon our will. Ah, no matter. There will be many more chances yet. For now, I have an appointment to keep."

"An appointment? With who?" Jaune considered the possibilities for himself, and paled. "You didn't bring tagalongs from the last universe, did you?... Did you!?"

There was no response. The Outsider kept walking down the street, while the world around them started to grow hazy. One by one, the buildings fell apart, floating off in the air. The dream will soon come to an end.

At an intersection, just before he turned the corner, the Outsider paused and spun back to Jaune.

"Oh, and if you ever get a chance, do put your Void-given powers in contact with that strange right hand."

It took a moment for Jaune to get the reference. "Are you talking about Kamijou Touma?"

The Outsider spread his arms, gesturing to their surroundings. "The Void is the end where all things have come to pass. It is a vast emptiness, infinite in distance. Formed of itself, dreamt up by fearful minds. Shaped by will. Should it touch that hand…I wonder, can even 'nothing' die?"

And with that, he vanished from sight.

Left behind, Jaune slowly shook his head, and said to no one, "That just sounds like a bad idea."

Then he fell back, and was gone before he hit the ground.

-o-​

Jaune awoke from the best sleep of his life, buried in the softness of his new bed.

Despite recent dreamings, he restfully dozed as the minutes passed on by. The memory had dulled in its intensity somewhere between the Void and the waking world, and right now, he had little inclination to fret over it. Nor was he in a hurry to get up.

It was still pretty early, all told. The golden glow to the room suggested that the sun had just finished rising on the horizon, meaning he had lots of time to bask in this feeling of warmth.

And weight. Curious.

He raised his head to look down his chest.

A sleeping Lisa was there, lying sideways across his stomach. Her arms and legs sprawled out unreservedly, as if striving to claim as much space as possible. One of her hands clutched at his shirt, with the fabric bunched up under her fingers, and a line of drool trailed down the corner of her lips.

It seemed the two of them had failed to reach a resolution to that battle for the bed, and so just fell asleep after becoming too tired.

Jaune briefly entertained the idea of shoving her off the bed again, but laziness stayed his hand and he decided that today he shall be a man of peace, letting her sleep on. That face wasn't fair, anyway. How dare she look so content and carefree.

His gaze drifted past her to the window, where a sunlight talisman shone with a lively glint, and to the sky beyond.

It was a bright new day, rife with triumphs and mistakes and everything else.

"Good morning, world."

Universe: A Certain Magical Index. Location: Academy City. Event: September 30
Loot: Modern day clothes, full complement of kitchenware, assorted day to day supplies, phones (x2), inflatable bed, carjacking tool, crowbar, high-tech toilet, cleaning robot (household ver.), stun darts, tranquilizer darts, smoke grenades, flashbang grenades, smart handcuffs, reshapable door keys, ID cards (customizable), acrobike, olfactory sensor tracking tool, camouflage cloak, rocket boots, a laptop.​

Author's Notes: A Certain Magical Index, done.

The Outsider, highly curious—Jaune, stick your finger in that socket.
Jaune, scoffing—Pft. Like hell I'm that stupid. *walks off the edge of a building*
Lisa, warm and cozy—*Zzzz*

Yakuza Arc needs its chapters.
Last edited: Apr 5, 2025
Stories:
QQ Sneaking His Way into the Multiverse , a RWBY Jaune, WC-lite mechanics story.
Other RWBY stories on AO3 or FF - Yakuza Arc | Conquered Menagerie: Annals of the Sixth Kingdom | Cat, Bunny, and the Good Ship Honey Starbright | The Agent
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, RSR2000, Amdiranifani and 783 others
LazyAutumnMoon
Apr 4, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 28: New Day, New World
View content
LazyAutumnMoon
LazyAutumnMoon
We all need Sundancer in our life.
JoinedJun 7, 2024
Messages289
Likes received68,284
Apr 18, 2025
Add bookmark
#827
"Huh? Waz dis…?"

"Me."

"!"

The day opened with a crash, as Lisa, upon waking up to find herself lying sideways atop Jaune, tumbled off the air mattress in a none too adroit display of her natural dexterity. From there, their typical morning began.

Albeit, with a little more enthusiasm. New toys will do that.

As the first one to finish their morning routine, Jaune 'cooked' breakfast. That was to say, he hovered by the stove as an array of gadgets and doodads did all the work for him.

Frying pans that accumulated air pockets, releasing them in puffs that turned the sausages and bacon. A blender containing a compartment filled with fine blades to peel the fruits he tossed in, before mixing them up. A compact toaster the size of a thick book that launched slices of bread up at the perfect angle calculated to ensure they flip around and drop back in to toast the other side.

…That last one just looked like a whole lot of showboating to do the same thing regular toasters can. But hey, science!

He didn't even ask for the extra functions to these, nor to the rest of the appliances beeping and whirring on the kitchen counter. They came standard, though he had come to understand over the course of preparing the meal that the word standard in Academy City often translated to experimental (and not always practical, vis-à-vis that toaster). Life there was convenient to a degree that he suspected they had ceased to notice, incremental advancements piling on and on until they created a normal that was several dozen steps out of touch with everyone else, almost alien to the mind. So much so that Jaune sometimes couldn't see the logical jumps in between, how things went from then to now. Frankly, it's a bit unnerving.

At least Academy City clothes look and feel familiar, and didn't, for example, crawl over the ground to drape themselves on him or the like. It made sense. What innovation can one really add to a t-shirt that's visible to the eye? Holographic logos? At a guess, the experimental features manifested in concepts like a particular style of weave to reduce wind penetration, or maybe a synthetic fiber that's stretchier than normal. Small things.

Whatever the case, they've still pretty much replaced the bulk of his Dunwall wardrobe in one fell swoop due to being less scratchy on his skin, with the exception of the silk shirts and other finer things because those were amazing. He had one of the shirts on right now, and it paired surprisingly well with parachute pants from Japan as an outfit for lounging around.

Not that he will. It was shaping up to be a busy day.

As Jaune portioned out the food onto two plates, something bumped into his leg. Looking down, he was met with the cleaning robot they received as part of their payment from Crowley. A cylinder about the height of mid-thigh, with wheels and a mop on the bottom, the robot emitted a soft and constant hum as it circled from one side of him to the other for no apparent reason that he could see.

If anybody asked what compelled him to flick a piece of sausage onto the floor he would not be able to answer, but the cleaning robot immediately zoomed in on the dropped foodstuff, sweeping the morsel into its hungry maw (vacuum port). Done, the thing puttered away in search of new spots to clean. Jaune stared after it for a while, then gave up on trying to understand and got back to his task.

The manual said the robot counted among the first iteration of its kind, a household version of the larger, public one he encountered in Academy City. It's possible there were a few bugs in the software they haven't fixed yet.

Carrying the plates to the nearby table, he set one down for himself and reached to the other side to place the second plate next to Lisa, swaddled in an oversized hoodie she bought for the express purpose of lazing in the apartment. She spared it a cursory glance, otherwise engrossed in her (technically theirs, but hers practical-wise) new computer. A laptop, she called it.

Like the phones they bought, it's a low-tech, physical-make monstrosity almost an inch thick (an inch!), with a screen whose dimensions can't be adjusted at all. No Hardlight hologram tech. No portable pocket form. For as wonderful as Earth software was, their hardware fell short. Jaune hadn't been impressed. For a bonus compensation, it lacked oomph.

Of course, they then discovered Aleister Crowley had loaded it down with what seemed to be the full breadth of that Earth's 'inter'-net available to the average person, to blow Jaune's every complaint out of the water. The man knew, through unknown methods, that they did not belong in his world, and prepared their reward accordingly with something that cost him little, yet was of supreme value to them. Even with pieces missing, likely pertaining to magic and Academy City secrets, the remainder comprised a treasure trove that people would kill to have, from scientists to generals to Headmasters. It may take some doing, but collate a few different sources together—a hobbyist website here, a trade magazine there—and innovations decades ahead of Jaune's and Lisa's worlds could become possible in a fraction of the time.

Or so Lisa said, anyways. The girl might have forgotten how to breathe for a minute upon realizing these details. She also hasn't put the laptop aside since unboxing it.

"What are you looking at now?" Jaune asked her. Curious, he waited on starting his meal, and leaned over the table to catch a peek.

In answer, Lisa spun the laptop, angling it so they both could see.

She was watching a cat video.

"Hehe, it's sooo cute~," she gushed.

"D'awwww."

And Jaune was right there with her, cooing over the little thing climbing the steps of a staircase. Breakfast went on for twice as long as usual that day.

After the meal came the moment Jaune was anticipating. No, it's not testing out the rocket boots.

Grabbing a toolbox he got from Dunwall, he marched to his new battlefield, the bathroom, where he set to the task of replacing the old, primitive, pathetic toilet that was already in the apartment when he first arrived here. In its place shall rest the toilet of the future! Of champions! A veritable throne fit for a king!

Without a dozen pursuing organizations, he took the effort to do it right this time. Crocea Mors would not be needed. Instead, he pulled out a wrench.

Shutting off the water supply, he drained the tank, then knelt down to remove the bolts attaching the toilet to the floor. Pretty simple, and had he brought the toolbox with him, the same job honestly would have been easier back in the other universe, as opposed to prying it off the ground.

Hmmm. The more he thought about it, the more he liked that idea. The tools were cheap and easy to replace, so he can just treat them as disposable in case space ran out in his Pocket, while being invaluable in situations that called for them. Jaune made a note to keep a few choice items at hand on the next trip. Wrenches, screwdrivers, pliers, etc.

The toilet was put to the side for now, as he observed the waxy circle thing and the metal round thing sitting on top of the hole in the floor. What even were the names for those?

That the metal part looked to be in pristine condition spelled good news. The waxy part that would form the watertight seal, not so much. Half of it stuck to the ground, and half got ripped away with the old toilet.

He checked the underside of the stolen toilet. It had the same material, in good shape since a section of the drain pipe was taken along.

Were they reusable? He'd soon find out. Jaune left the bathroom to fetch a knife.

"Everything going okay?" Lisa asked from her spot at the dining table. Loose pieces of paper covered the area surrounding the laptop, with her in the midst of copying over the notes written on them; possible future purchases, supplies on hand, what to be on the lookout for, theories on the nature of everything about their situation, and a host of other minutiae.

He waggled his hand in a so-so gesture. "You'll know in a bit."

"That doesn't sound at all assuring."

"It's the best I got, Lisa," he said, now rummaging in a drawer. They stored a selection of kitchen knives in there, and he chose a small one that didn't look to have a purpose, insofar that he recalled.

Jaune put it to better use separating the waxy ring (again, what was its name?), moving the knife in a slow, careful motion to preserve as much of the material as possible. Once done, he removed all the extraneous bits, pipes and pieces of tiles and such, and maneuvered it over the hole in the floor.

The dimensions seemed to roughly match.

…Welp, that's confirmation enough for him!

Jaune plonked the toilet down, and screwed in the bolts. The water supply was connected, then turned on. Water started to fill the tank.

Bracing for disaster, he gave it an experimental flush.

No leaks occurred. He punched the air in victory.

"I'm freaking amazing!"

Lisa poked her head into the room. "Sooo, am I gonna need to wear a raincoat?"

He flushed the toilet again in lieu of a response.

"Ooh, nice." A round of applause followed. "Good job, Jaune," she praised. "All that's left are the electrical stuff. Think you can do it?"

Jaune scoffed. "Easy-peasy. Watch me." He grabbed the loose cable and—

Ah.

Hm. Well, this could be a problem.

The cable—there's only three wires in it for some reason—was designed to run behind the walls directly to a power circuit. This bathroom, meanwhile, had a set of outlets next to the sink. He may be able to jury-rig the setup by removing the outlets to get at the connections behind them, but he also had four feet of cable where he needed seven.

"Hey~" A hand appeared in view, holding a plastic packet containing what looked very much like a length of electrical cord that ended in a plug. "I assume you could use these right about now?"

"How did you even get that?" Jaune said, awed by her foresight.

Lisa shrugged. "Ohhh, you know how it is, a naturally advanced mind further bolstered by parahuman abili—okay, being real here, I had nothing to do with it. Crowley included that in our payment. I only realized what the heck it was for when I saw it again a minute ago," she admitted with a sheepish chuckle.

"That son of a gun knew we were going to steal the toilet…"

"Yup. Looks like he approved, too."

And here he was, thinking they got one over him. "I really, really hate that guy," Jaune concluded.

"Saaame."

The cord added plenty more cable to the task. From there, it was a simple matter of attaching red to red, white to white, and black to black, all sealed off with tape that Jaune wasn't sure were fully water- and fireproof or not, but got the job done. Then he applied tape along the length of the cord to affix it to the wall, out of the way.

"Lisa, would you like to do the honors?" He asked after inserting the plug into the outlet.

She tapped the screen built into the toilet.

One, two, three seconds, and the screen booted up with a jaunty tune. Jaune whooped, and held his hand out above his head, with Lisa performing a little hop to slap it in a high-five. Eager to explore its function, the pair crowded around the screen.

A dozen games, each with its own high score board, tantalized Jaune with the apparent challenge. Lisa, meanwhile, loudly insisted that she had dibs for an hour each day to use it as a massage chair. Along with a library of movies, shows, and educational documentaries, the toilet promised to be less bathroom fixture, and more entertainment hub for during their downtime. Awkward placing for it, but stuck in this apartment, Jaune will take what he could get.

Unless Lisa was willing to not hog the laptop. (She wasn't.)

"There's a pretty extensive songlist, too," Lisa commented. "Most genres, instrumentals, nature sounds…" The sound of the ocean washed over the room.

"How high can the volume go?"

She adjusted the setting, and it became loud enough to be heard from the main room.

It didn't take long at all for Jaune to suggest they leave the volume like that, letting it play throughout the apartment as ambient sound. Something about the constant saa~ saa~ of the ocean waves spoke to his very soul, telling him to just lie back and chill out. And to call everybody 'dude' for some reason.

Lisa told him he could have done well as a California surfer bro, whatever that was. He took it as a compliment.

The following hours, they went through and catalogued the rest of their loot from Academy City.

With the dwindling stockpile of guns, partly from usage and partly from Jaune throwing them out to make room for better things, the wristbows made their return, bolstered by a new cache of stun and tranquilizer darts. They fitted nicely within the chamber of the weapons, and a test fire pointed to little or no loss in accuracy, confirming their viability. Of course, it called for a careful, more targeted approach than he was accustomed to, but that was the method Lisa seemed to prefer as opposed to a chaotic firefight. Left unsaid was that she remained quite uncomfortable with the necessity of killing, justified or not.

Still, it gave them options where they could act with mercy and not risk betrayal in doing so. Jaune was all for that. The addition of smoke grenades and flashbangs worked in the same vein, expanding his repertoire.

As for the other nifty gadgets, a thought occurred to Jaune after he passed the fourth item in a row over to Lisa, which concerned exactly that conundrum. So much of the stuff they gained were better suited for her than him, including ID cards that were in reality mini touchscreen keyboards to allow customization of what info and design they display, and an electric bike that would allow her to keep up with him running. What a strange coincidence, and had he not known her well, he might have believed it deliberate on her part. Except, he chose a lot of these items, like the door keys that can be reshaped to match different locks, and the smart handcuffs that among other features can deploy a second set to capture anyone coming to the first captive's rescue.

Why had he picked those, anyway? He knew he had a good reason at the time, but it was a bit of a blur after the hours that followed. They were discussing the different choices available in the payment pool, he suggested them, and she agreed it was a good idea. Those were the broad strokes of his recollection, and that one's clearly on him.

"What's wrong?" Lisa asked once she took note of his frown. The girl tilted her head, and blinked innocently. Jaune almost ruffled her hair on instinct.

He shook his head, and said with a smile, "It's nothing. Stupid thoughts. Ready to test out those rocket boots?"

Now, when he imagined rocket boots, he had the image of soaring through the sky, piercing the clouds and zooming towards the horizon.

This wasn't that.

Oh, but they did try! He was holding a pair of boots, and each shoe had rocket thrusters on the heels. The inches-thick document that came with them guaranteed flight as a function. So technically speaking, he supposed that counted.

Problem was, even Academy City had its limits. Sustained flight required two main things: propulsion and fuel. Too weak of a propulsion system, no lift. Too little fuel, you fall out of the air and crack your head on the pavement. Add footwear to the equation, and everything got twice as complicated, because—and the scientists were very insistent about this in the document—the bottom of the feet were one of the worst spots to put thrusters. They threw around concepts like center of mass, balance, fulcrum, muscle strain, and a host of other issues.

And then they made a working product anyway.

The key technology to League Stepper, the boots, revolved around microbatteries. Really good microbatteries. They were, in fact, the main research field of the lab, with the shoes being but one of many derivative applications developed to attract investors (because who didn't feel a flutter in their heart on hearing the phrase 'rocket boots'?). The current iteration of the tiny energy storage units each measured half the size of a fingernail, and together could power a racecar in theory.

With a pair of these babies on their feet, a person could achieve flight for 30 minutes… in 1-minute stints, a duration further shortened by directional maneuvers. The number had a long string of asterisks attached to it.

The development team hasn't quite gotten a hang of the overheat issue. Or the drag resistance issue. Ditto to the safe descent issue. And the—

Limitations, in short.

"But they work, right?" Jaune asked as he strapped on the boots. They're bulkier than his other pair, although not unduly so. The weight didn't bother him much, either, unless they were traveling long distances.

Lisa, perusing the accompanying documents, gave a noncommittal hum.

"Riiiight?" he pressed.

"...Kinda? Try your best to be near the ground before the minute is up. That's the best case maximum time, just so you understand. Once it gets to that point, the safety locks engage to keep the boots from melting, then they won't turn back on for at least twenty seconds. And don't be cute," she warned on seeing him open his mouth. She didn't need her powers to guess what he would ask. "You can fall a long way in that time. All the way to the ground in most cases."

An energetic hop took Jaune to his feet. "Don't worry. I'll work on learning the controls first before I start thinking about flying higher than my Aura can take." Why didn't Lisa look reassured at that? Weird.

In the pursuit of a simple, intuitive unit, the control system to League Stepper laid inside the shoes themselves, concentrated on the big toes. A firm touch would engage the thrusters. Release or press harder, and the operator can adjust the level of power expended. Direction depended entirely on the person's movements.

It'd take getting used to, and already Jaune was picturing a few maneuvers that he could do with this. He had never counted among the agile fighters of Beacon, yet the image of them stuck with him. Aggressive styles of combat made possible through sharp bursts of speed, with a person evading attacks by a hair's breadth to continue pressing the offensive. Short and repeated activations of the boots may allow him to somewhat emulate them.

Of course, that goal stood at a distant second place to actual, honest flight.

Jaune took position in a cleared area at the center of the apartment, and tried his best to stifle his rising nerves. It would be so, so cool to fly—a childhood fantasy come true. What he worried of, was that he'd fail in the first minute, and sour on the whole thing. He didn't want to see a dream meet reality, only to die.

He wanted to succeed. He will succeed.

His initial attempt, he went at it too carefully, brushing the triggers in cautious probes. It drew faint rumbles from the engines that he could feel with the soles of his feet. That sensation of power humming to life, energy ready to transform from potential to motion, lit something in him. The boots weren't a ruse. Just believing that lent him the resolve to take the plunge. He pressed down firm on the triggers.

Then, he flew.

Mere inches in the beginning, the height fluctuated with every little twitch of his big toes, the boots seeming undecided on whether to cut out or gun the engine. Holding still was harder than expected without firm ground to stand on, and the uneven energy levels between the shoes shifted his frame in sudden, nauseous jerks. It forced him to wave his arms back and forth to compensate for the shaky balance.

That lasted until giddiness overwhelmed him, and Jaune upped the output to shoot higher by another few feet, in the process discovering that flight was easier done on the move. Like on a bicycle, visualization of the act seemed to work best during the maneuver itself as he made micro-adjustments to maintain the momentum. Balance faded to the back of the mind, and in doing so almost became something of a nonfactor. His body knew how it wanted to move. Worrying was superfluous.

A turn of his left foot put Jaune in a spin. The result was a touch too fast, so he eased off the trigger in that foot until the spin slowed to a gentle, almost elegant twirl. To him, it felt like a dance on the air.

"Wooow," he muttered, beyond thrilled.

Looking down at Lisa, he beheld a face filled with wonder, likely the same expression he was wearing. Her world may have people that can perform such feats with ease, but this sight? Someone who by all rights was fated to never fly, yet did? Perhaps that was a rarer, and precious, thing.

Recovering her composure, she grinned up at him. "So? How is it?"

"I don't think I want to come down," he admitted, to her amusement.

"Hehe, well, you'll have to at some point. The recharge cycle takes a while, even with the solar converters to speed things along. Drain the batteries and we're looking at a day of it being out of commission."

Limitations on top of limitations, enough to make Jaune sigh. Still, it couldn't dampen his good mood, not right now.

"That leaves us a bit of time. Want to give it a shot?"

Lisa tried, not very well, to hide her eagerness. The boots looked comically large on her.

"Ready?" Jaune asked once she took his spot. "Now, remember—"

"Yeah, yeah, yeah, I heard you the first time. Don't be nervous? Pft. I never am."

Having said so, she displayed a great, big smirk. Below, the boots hummed to life.

Then, Lisa blasted off at what seemed the force of an actual rocket, and slammed her head into the ceiling a split second later. Aura flickering from the force of the blow, she crashed back down to the floor where she laid in a heap, motionless.

Jaune stared, mouth open, his mind still catching up to events. Once it did, he rushed to her side, screeching to a halt on one knee. "Lisa?"

Slooowly, the girl curled into a ball, arms hugging her head.

"Lisa, are you alright?"

"...Hurts," she whined in a small voice.

They stayed in that day.

Lisa later tried to milk getting hurt by claiming it as the reason he should cede her the air mattress. He made his opinion on the matter known by carrying her to the old bed and dumping her on it, before getting in his own bed.

"Good night, Lisa."

"Good night, Jaune."

"..."

"..."

"..."

"Can you fetch me the laptop? I'm totally in pain in right. Oh, and a glass of water? And a—"

Jaune groaned, getting up again.


-o-​


The next day, they set out.

As was habit by now, the two of them looked through the list of Instances, and zoomed in on the safest choices available. This time, that meant two events, each coming in at a danger rating of three stars.

The first mentioned a battle. Jaune had no desire for what it might entail. The second, though? Was right up his alley.

The portal swirled before their eyes, and brought with it a damp, humid air. A faint roar could be heard, sounding far away. Their view became awash in shades of green and brown.

"It's a jungle of some kind, not just a forest," Jaune remarked, peering closely.

Costumed, armed, and sporting a snazzy new cloak, Tattletale scrunched her nose. "Yuck."

"You don't like it?"

"I'm a city girl at heart. Give me people, paved roads, and a hamburger any day of the week." She checked her crossbow. "Alright, let's get that daily bread."

"I'm sure we can hope for more than that."

His vision blurred for a moment as he crossed the threshold, the hazy image taking on greater clarity and depth until he found himself within a hollow beneath a mighty tree. Immediately, new scents hit his nose, the most overwhelming of them a woody, pungent sweetness that laid thick upon the air.

He turned to check on Tattletale, who sniffled from the disagreeable aroma. "Not exactly what you'd expect, huh?"

She sneezed, and shook her head.

"I can't decide if this is better or worse than the smell of Brockton Bay."

Snickering at the comment, he led the way out of the hollow, pushing aside a few tree roots to make room. A climb up a small slope, and he emerged into the forest proper.

"Holy…"

Behind him, Tattletale whistled, likewise stunned.

He was a boy raised of rivers and woodlands. He came from the frontier, from the wilds beyond the city walls. It couldn't prepare him for what true, untouched nature looked like.

The trees blocked the sky. They wound and twisted into one another, building bridges that spanned the canopy, and towers higher than the walls of Vale. What rare light that filtered between the leaves blessed the land beneath, and under each sunbeam bloomed a hundred species of flowers, colorful bouquets created by time and happenstance amidst the gloomy undergrowth.

Jaune took a step forward, and his boots sank into a carpet of moss. Beneath this layer, tree root networks spread across the jungle floor, growing to the point one could not tell it from the ground. So thick in places were they, that streams and ponds formed above them, and trickled between the gaps to water the plants living below.

Unlike the quiet woods of his home, the jungle brimmed with the sounds of its denizens, a raucous din composed of chirps, croaks, hisses, and growls that never seemed to end. Creatures he had no name for flitted between the branches, or slipped through gaps in the roots. The fish that swam in the water, their glittering scales reminded him of gems. Frogs here grew to the size of footballs, all the better to dine on the insects that he shuddered to go near—rare were the buzzing, stinging pests not measured in inches.

…Some could be measured in feet, and Jaune turned a bit sickly as he spotted a bee-looking thing as long as his forearm. Thankfully, it's just hovering over there, minding its own business. He thought it was collecting fruits, since there's a sort of green orb held in its many legs, but on closer scrutiny appeared to be more a gelatinous sac.

On seeing it, Tattletale pulled a face. "Ewww, it looks like snot!"

"I kind of want to poke it," Jaune said.

"Nuh-uh. Don't you even dare. We're not even sure what it is. Could be acid for all you know."

"A fair point," he conceded, skirting around while keeping a wary eye on the bug. That turned out to be a mistake, since he was better served watching where he put his feet, almost falling over as the forest floor shifted under him.

Stumbling back, he drew his sword from its scabbard, brandishing the blade at…at…

A snout poked out of the ground, sniffing. Then, the patch of moss behind it shook, before popping up to reveal a pig.

Jaune tilted his head. "Um. What the heck?"

The pig stared at him. After a little while with him showing no hostile movements, it seemed to lose interest and turned around, trotting off. In its wake, the ground began shaking in a familiar pattern, and soon a herd of pigs manifested out of nowhere. They followed their apparent leader to a small distance away, where the whole group plonked themselves down. In a blink, they vanished from sight, blending in with the vegetation.

"A natural camouflage. You know, that's actually kind of awesome," he said.

"Yeah, no doubt," agreed Tattletale. She studied the spot the pigs just vacated, then cast her gaze around their immediate surroundings. "But more importantly, their survival strategy and numbers are telling me that this place is pretty safe. They're only getting the occasional predator passing by, instead of dedicated ones seeing through the ruse and using this as a hunting ground."

Meaning they could rely on it as a fallback position, returning here to rest between forays into the jungle. Of course, that assumed that they would need to.

"Are we sure those pigs aren't what we want? Maybe they're magical, and the loot rating is referring to them."

Tattletale mulled on his suggestion. "I won't cross that possibility off the list, but a pig with moss on its back doesn't really give off the same impression as the Beast of Caerbannog, does it? Anyway, we can try grabbing a few of them on the way out, just in case they fetch a good price. For now, let's work off of the basis that the 'monster' in this world is worthy of the title."

"Yeah… Any idea where to start looking for that, then?"

"Hard to say," she hedged, seeming unwilling to state outright that she had not a clue. "Could be in the trees, could be in a cave. Let's walk around for a while, and that should give me a better picture."

And also gave them the next shocker.

A number of fallen trees dotted the landscape, or so Jaune had thought of them. It wasn't until he moved under a break in the canopy that he learned what they really were, the thinnest roots of a tree that made the jungle look more like a collection of saplings. The thing was best compared to a mountain, with the main roots thick as train cars and stretching on for miles.

Tattletale kept yelling about how it's an impossible existence. That it would take a tree a million years to reach that size, along with the amount of nutrients to sustain a continent's worth of farmlands.

He just shrugged, and blamed it on magic. The many universes were apparently rife with that stuff, after all.

With little to go on, they simply chose a random heading, and set off. Jaune would, at Tattletale's direction, slashed at the trees with his sword to mark their route. The concept was a familiar one to him, except he didn't see how it can help here considering the sprawling mess that was this jungle. She, however, claimed that they were clear as road signs to her eyes, and that even their walking through the foliage was leaving a trail she can follow with ease.

Traversing the area was, in a strange way, both difficult and relaxing at once. Rare were the stretches of flat ground as every plant, rock, and river in sight vied for space. Their journey involved as much movement up and down as it did forward. Yet, the sheer scale of things meant that the trees weren't all that close to each other, always allowing them an avenue to advance. Better still, the massive root systems snaking through the forest created a series of pathways they could walk on to often bypass sunken pits and dangers of the like.

And the view, oh my. Waterfalls, exotic flowers, a rainbow across a pond, hidden redoubts carved of nature—a hundred sights so beautiful that it brought tears to his eyes. Throughout it all, the ancient forest thrummed with the vibrance of life. Creatures big and small made their appearance, unafraid of the human presence. They hunted, and frolic, and lived with an enviable fervor.

He could never get tired of it, and even Tattletale observed this world with eyes brimming with curious marvel.

Although, just as there was life, and beauty, so too was there the other side of that coin.

Bones and half-eaten remains littered the forest. From time to time, conflicts broke out between species over territory, their cries and shrieks ringing out from amidst the foliage. Wounded animals rested quietly under cover, awaiting their end.

How wondrous, and how sad, this land. And, sometimes, just plain disgusting.

"No, Tattletale, that's not snot."

"It is!" she insisted, stomping a foot.

He pointed at the congealed, greenish mass covering the boulder they were standing in front of. "It isn't, because how in the world does something hock a loogie that plasters a turkey to a wall?" The bird—not quite a turkey, but of similar size—was thankfully dead. Jaune would welcome death too were he in its place, if Tattletale was right about the circumstances. "It probably came from the sac that weird bee was lugging around."

"Nope! This is a different substance. Obviously."

"But what does that imply about the size of the creature, then?" he asked with a note of worry.

Tattletale likewise looked uncomfortable. "We did see a lot of lizard species. Combined with this, it could mean we're in a world where the dinosaurs are alive and well—did you have those in your world?"

"Like T-Rexes and stuff? Died out a bajillion years ago? Yeah, we did. Though isn't it a bit early to assume they're around just because of a few geckos?"

Five minutes later, he ate those words.

"Sooo?" Tattletale, smugly smugging, flourished her hands at the pack of dinosaurs grazing on the vegetation.

"...You're right."

She preened. "Always am, nihihi~."

Quadrupeds, the dinosaurs sported bony crests atop their heads and spikes on their tails. The young of the pack measured the size of rhinos, the adults akin to elephants. The docile things seemed mostly unconcerned of the two interlopers, with the biggest of them throwing the occasional glance their way.

"I wonder how they taste," he muttered to himself. Looking at them may or may not have reminded Jaune of dino nuggies.

"Yeah… hey, Jaune?"

"What's up?"

"These are herbivores." She was stating it, rather than asking. Her grin had somewhat faded.

"I think that's pretty clear, yes."

"Those aren't usually at the top of the food chain. So if this is the size of the herbivores around here, don't you think that gives us an idea of how big the carnivores that eat them are?"

He had been trying to avoid thinking about that, in fact. "Could be smaller ones like wolves and things," he suggested with not much conviction.

"The head of this pack"—she gestured at the largest one—"has scars along its side. Something bit it."

Jaune studied the unmistakable teeth mark. It wouldn't have been easy to leave wounds on that hide. The dinosaurs barreled into rocks and trees without a care, such was their toughness. Each imprint in the row of scars compared to his hand in width, and together formed a jaw that could chomp him in half.

"The Rathalos, do you think?" he asked her.

"Did someone say… Rathalos?"​

Jaune, and Tattletale, whirled towards where the voice had come from. There was nobody that they could see, but the bushes there shook in time with the approaching sound of footsteps. They soon disgorged a person into view.

Armored in steel and a strange red leather, he resembled a knight, plumed helm and shield and all. Strapped to his back was a folded contraption that might be a weapon of some sort. Dark furs and sharp teeth decorated his raiment, lending a savage image.

But then, he popped up his faceplate, and what appeared was a young man displaying a friendly, carefree smile.

"Heya! You two don't look like you came from Astera. Sounds like there might be a story there."

Rather than suspicion, he took their presence in stride, and it threw Jaune for a loop.

"Uh, well, it's nothing that interesting, just a couple of sightseers you know," he deflected, before holding out his hand. "Anyway, I'm Jaune, and this is Tattletale—"

"Taylor," Tattletale hissed for only him to hear, while elbowing him in the side. He poked her back, eliciting a yelp.

"—and we happened to be in the area. Who are you, if you don't mind me asking?"

The man happily returned the handshake.

"Nice ta meetcha. And me? I'm just a local monster Hunter."


Universe: Monster Hunter. Location: Ancient Forest.
Event: Rathalos Hunt.​


Author's Notes: A typical day in their life.

A Huntsman?
No! It's a Hunter!
Last edited: Apr 18, 2025
Stories:
QQ Sneaking His Way into the Multiverse , a RWBY Jaune, WC-lite mechanics story.
Other RWBY stories on AO3 or FF - Yakuza Arc | Conquered Menagerie: Annals of the Sixth Kingdom | Cat, Bunny, and the Good Ship Honey Starbright | The Agent
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, RSR2000, Arkan10 and 719 others
LazyAutumnMoon
Apr 18, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 29: Frolicking Forest Foray
View content
LazyAutumnMoon
LazyAutumnMoon
We all need Sundancer in our life.
JoinedJun 7, 2024
Messages289
Likes received68,284
Apr 25, 2025
Add bookmark
#859
Logy, the monster Hunter.

That was their new acquaintance, and he proved to be as open as his first impression suggested. The young man responded well to their subtle inquiries, letting Jaune and Tattletale piece together the story of this land.

Fanged beasts, leviathans (no relation), bird wyverns, flying wyverns, brute wyverns, piscine wyverns, wyverns out the ears and underfoot, plus a host of other types of monsters. Standing above them all, the elder dragons. In a world where great monsters roam, mankind may seem so very small indeed.

Hunters became the answer to that terrifying world. People who trained and armed themselves in order to protect their home, banding together in the form of a Guild. They drove back monsters to ensure safe harvests, captured and relocated rare species, and slayed beasts when the time called for it. Coexistence, rather than eradication, guided their hand.

Jaune admitted to some misgivings of that notion. 'Monsters' for him boiled down to Grimm in most cases, and his travels have not painted a kind picture of the ones populating other worlds.

Yet... he saw plain as day the pride Logy took in his profession, and the awe with which he spoke of monsters. Awe, not hatred.

To the Hunter, each monster he fought was a duty, a challenge, and an honor. It was pitting oneself against a worthy opponent, with the dead nourishing the living to continue the cycle of nature. His armor contained the scales and hides of his foe, his weapon their fangs and bones. Their meat fed a feast, and their memory a lesson to help the Hunter better survive. In this fashion, Logy's greatest opponent to date, a fire-breathing T-rex called the Anjanath, journeyed with him wherever he goes.

What a strange life, familiar in some ways, unfamiliar in so many others. Jaune would have liked to skin a Beowolf Grimm and wear it as a hat.

"I'm gonna go out on a limb, and guess you two are interdimensional travelers that came here through a portal?"

Well, okay, then.

Jaune and Tattletale looked at each other, before turning back to the Hunter sitting on a giant mushroom. One conversation, and they've been made. Maybe they were not as sneaky as they thought.

"Is that something you get a lot of around these parts?" Jaune asked, once again deflecting.

Logy was only too happy to explain. "Not often, but it happens. Like a couple months back, there was an influx of critters and monsters we've never seen, and this Hunter from another world calling himself a Witcher showed up after them. Real intense guy. Apparently hates portals. Then there's the monster Behemoth"—Tattletale flinched—" from a second different universe that rampaged for a while until our brightest star gave him what for." He shrugged. "Stuff like that has been occurring on and off for generations. It's a pretty well-documented trend in the Guild records."

His instinctive response was to call doubt on all that, since it sounded insane. But then, he was the prime example of similar possibilities on Remnant, wasn't he?

The important point to note, was that the Hunter acted quite blasé about the matter, and the example of the Witcher indicated little to no hostility from the locals towards people of Jaune's nature.

Refuting it would mean fighting against the Hunter's natural assumptions. "You can add another incident to those records, Logy. Because yeah, we arrived from elsewhere." So, he opted for the truth, even if Tattletale looked like she wanted to strangle him.

"In that case, do you need help finding a way back?"

And in return, the first thing offered to strangers like them, was aid.

"We have our exit ready at any time," Jaune reassured the Hunter. "Don't worry, this isn't an emergency for us. We're just here to find a Rathalos." Logy raised his hand to interrupt.

"About that, do you mean a Rathalos from your world, or from mine? Because I'm looking for one too, and two of them in the same area is bad-bad."

Tattletale replied, "Yours." Her demeanor had softened a tad, resigned to playing nice now that Jaune blew their cover for good. "Will that be a problem? We're not here to step on anyone's toes, if it is."

"Not at all!" Logy quickly denied. "My teammates and I spent all morning searching the forest for traces of him, and we'd welcome extra hands pitching in. That hungry fella's been gorging himself to the point that it's affecting the local populations, so the faster he's taken care of, the better…" Trailing off, he studied them with a slight frown. "Although, I'm worried at how underequipped you are for a hunt. You could sit this one out, and I'll take care of things?"

From an outside perspective, Jaune had to agree that that was the obvious conclusion. Tattletale was wearing not much more than her costume, with just the camouflage cloak they got from Crowley over top. Her crossbow and wristbow made fine weapons to deal with human assailants, but even the handgun hanging from her hip lacked the stopping power to incapacitate bigger foes. Meanwhile, he had on normal civilian clothes, Panacea Poncho on shirt and jeans—not exactly the legendary armament of a hero.

That conclusion did not take into account Aura. Of course it would not, as nothing the Hunter said suggested his world knew of its existence.

Jaune held up one finger, signalling for Logy to wait. Then, he and Tattletale put their heads together.

"How do you think he'd react to Aura? Should we tell him?"

Tattletale bit her lip in thought, assessing the Hunter one last time out of the corner of her eye. Up until this point, she had mostly remained in the background, content to let him do the bulk of the talking. Now, Jaune could almost see her mind racing to merge all the observations she had quietly noted to reach a decision.

It's the way her eyes darted around. Frantic at first, slowing as the seconds passed by. Once they fell still, that's when she was ready.

"No. He's creepy."

Quite an unexpected take.

Jaune glanced at Logy, and lowered his voice. "Any reason for that? He seems fine to me."

"Yeah? What about that goody-goody act? That 'oh I'm so earnest and helpful to strangers, because we can all become bwest fwiends' crap." She scrunched her nose, displeased. "Solaire was already a stretch. You can't honestly tell me we would just happen to meet another person like that right from the get-go."

Tattletale stopped talking to look down at Jaune. No longer standing by her side, he instead squatted on the ground with his face buried in his knees.

"Sorry for being creepy," he muttered.

"Aw, crap."

"..."

"..."

"..."

"...Exceptions exist."

He felt her hand lightly patting his back in a comforting gesture. It cheered him up a little.

"Okay, look." Tattletale leaned down to speak in his ear, "I'll admit that the chances of him stabbing us in the back seems…low. He hasn't lied so far." She sounded as if it pained her to say that. "If his story is true, and the Guild is concerned with maintaining the ecosystem, then I think that's why they try to help people return to their universe. It's a tiny bit of altruism, and a lot more pragmatism. Big changes aren't always a good thing in their view."

Meaning, the two of them were unlikely to get murdered or dissected for possessing Aura. Great news!

"Telling him about Aura should be safe, then?" Jaune said. "The Hunters have experience with the monsters here. Working with them is safer than striking out alone, but leaving it all to them means we have no claim to any loot. I want him to be comfortable with bringing us along. What do you think?"

Another brief bite of her lips. A flicker of the eyes to the Hunter and back. "The issue is that I'm basing everything on his words. His trust in the organization is certain to skew the data. There could be a whole other side to the Guild that he doesn't know of. You get that, right? It's not on me if things turn out different from what I tell you." She waited for him to nod. "Then, fine. Go ahead and do whatever you like, but stay on your guard."

"Got it!" Jaune bounced to his feet, reinvigorated.

The pair rejoined the monster Hunter, who appeared to have considered their back and forth a grand bit of entertainment, and had brought out a piece of jerky to snack on while he watched. Dino meat? Jaune idly wondered.

"Sorry about that," he said. "We had to discuss a few matters. Do you mind if I—?" He gestured to his sword, and once the other man agreed, he drew it from the scabbard. "Here, watch this. You might find it hard to believe, but we have methods of protecting ourselves that's comparable to armor."

"Interdimensional stuff," Tattletale tacked on.

Logy brightened. "Oh! That would explain it!"

…Did it? Did it really?

The Hunter leaned forward in his seat, eager to witness the demonstration. Interest grew to outright amazement as Jaune ran the blade over his palm, only for Aura to manifest and negate the damage. Afterwards, Jaune displayed his unscathed hand, and was greeted by applause.

"Good show!" said Logy. "That's gonna be a surprise for any monster trying to chomp on you. Is it resistant to fire?"

"Uh, no? I mean, I'll survive for a while, but the sensation transmits over."

Logy grimaced, mirroring Jaune. A long, drawn-out, screaming death was as pleasant as it sounded. "Low elemental resistances, huh? Not ideal, but hey, if you understand the risk and still think you can do this, I'm not stopping you." When Jaune nodded, Logy slapped on his helm and hopped off the mushroom. "Then we're burning daylight, guys and gals! Ready to hunt?"

"Sure—" Jaune got no further than that, cut off by Tattletale who had one thing on her mind.

"By the way, how will we divide the spoils?"

"Standard shares," was the instant reply. Met by their blank faces, Logy clarified, "The Guild will set a value to what we find. We divide the usable parts based on the needs of the team members, then even out the differences with the zenny reward for the rest of the monster."

"And zenny is…"

"It's the money used by most of the known world. The Guild conducts all transactions in it."

So, local money or… parts. Parts that one can make equipment out of, yes, but the haul for this universe seemed rather underwhelming to Jaune on the whole, unless he was missing something. "Would the monster have treasure in its lair, do you think? A hoard of, oh I don't know, relics and weapons and the sort."

The question seemed to stump Logy, and he almost made a head-scratching motion before remembering that he was wearing his helm.

"A Kulu-Ya-Ku might have a couple of bits and bobs in its nest, I suppose—they love shiny objects. And legend says the mantle of a Kulve Taroth is covered by the weapons of the many defeated hunters who pursued it. Other than them, I can't recall off the top of my head a monster with similar behavior. Definitely not a Rathalos." He spotted the disappointment on their faces, and hurried to lift their mood. "If it's a weapon you want, you can spend your shares of the monster parts and zenny to have one forged. Our smiths are among the best, whether in the New World or the Old World."

Jaune mulled on the suggestion, doubtful. "How good are they at, say, swords?"

Crocea Mors could always use an upgrade.

"That's hard to say. Nobody on my team handles a sword," Logy said, chin in hand, "but I've seen the longsword users get together to show off their skills. Their favorite game is competing on who can leave the deepest cut on a boulder. The smiths give them grief for it, but none of their works have snapped yet."

Color him intrigued. For all that Logy appeared a knight of old, his statements implied a higher level of forging than Remnant, blade-wise. How it compared against Andre of Astora's work was less certain, but in the worst case, he could forgo improvements for Crocea Mors to instead commission a second set of sword and shield, either to keep as a backup or sell off for a few hundred Points—assuming it's valued at about the same price as his current arms.

Then there was the advice given by Solaire in what felt like a lifetime ago to consider, recommending he find a heavier weapon to leverage his enhanced strength…

He turned towards Tattletale. "I'm willing to take that deal, if you are."

Tattletale regarded him with a tepid gaze, seeming able to read the sword-minded thoughts running through his head. A moment later, she spread her hands in a shrug.

"Boys and their toys. Whatever."

Jaune and Logy both cheered. The hunt was on!

-o-​

As the one with experience in this field, the local Hunter took the lead.

Their goal was not to fight the Rathalos, not yet. The Ancient Forest region that formed its natural habitat encompassed a huge swath of the land. So, before anything else, they had to track the monster.

"What's that there in the undergrowth?"

"Jagras, a common carnivorous species. Ambushers."

Jaune placed a hand on the hilt of his sword. "Will they attack?"

"Not without a clear numbers advantage, or a Great Jagras leading. With the three of us? They'll keep their distance."

Yellow lizard eyes chose that moment to pull back among the foliage. Slim figures the size of horses then darted away at speed.

"See? Jagras are a cowardly lot."

"Ooh! Ooh! What are those?" Tattletale, whose opinion of Logy had been put aside in the interest of sating her curiosity, pointed at the base of a tree further ahead. Frolicking there were a number of brownish rodents reminiscent of rabbits, or perhaps weasels, with slim, sleek forms and ears as long as their bodies. They often defaulted to standing up tall, craning their heads to peer at their surroundings. "And that one!" She indicated an odd rabbit(?) within the group that had fur in shades of pink, growing to a vivid red at the end of the ears and tail. "It's a different color! How come?"

"Ahaha, you've spotted the pilot hare. It's a rare offshoot of the shepherd hare. The higher internal temperature might have something to do with its coloring."

Jaune asked, "How dangerous are they? I've had bad experiences with bunnies."

"Shepherd hares are harmless unless you're leaving supplies in the open for them to get into. When startled—"

"They pounce with nasty, big, pointy teeth?"

"Ha, no. Escaping inside whatever hidey-hole they can find is their preferred survival strategy. They make for popular pets, though good luck catching one. Their ears are sensitive to the lightest of noises."

Tattletale gave it a shot anyway, banking on her Slumbering Dragoncrest Ring to dampen the sound of her approach. She even almost succeeded; the creature slipped through her fingers at the very last moment. There was no consolation prize for 'almost', though, with the failed caper causing the entire pack to scatter to the wind, many of them trampling on the indignant girl as she laid flat in the dirt.

"Dammit. That thing is cute as a button and I want one!" she grumbled afterward, drudging back to the group.

Jaune gave her a helpless shrug. What, was she expecting him to do something about it? His recent bunny-related escapades involved him beating them to a pulp (and sometimes vice versa, but they don't talk about that part anymore (he had declared the topic forbidden (forbidden!))). At this point, unless their name was Pumpkin Pete, he considered them firmly in the 'enemy' category, and they shall be treated as such.

He was saved from her pouting by a tap on his arm, an oblivious Logy directing his attention to the next object of interest. And thus, the crash course in New World ecology advanced onward, never looking back!

A Hunter doubled as an excellent guide. Logy was not shy to impart his knowledge, and under his tutelage, Jaune experienced the Ancient Forest to the fullest. They say that nature provides. Nowhere else was it more true than here. The vibrant ecosystem around them teemed with resources for those willing to get their hands dirty, and the collection of jars and pouches on Logy's belt steadily filled up along their route.

The first thing the Hunter pointed out to them was the innocuous green herbs which dotted the area, noting their medicinal properties. One might hear that and think ginseng tea or such, except these herbs formed the base reagent for potions whose efficacy rivaled stimpaks. Logy attested to that in much the same manner Jaune proved the existence of Aura, swiping a shallow cut on his hand before taking a few sips of a green fluid—apparently not matcha tea—from the bottle on his hip. Flesh and skin knitted together in a span of seconds.

Jaune tore those plants out by the roots, in addition to the blue-leafed antidote herbs that grew in the same vicinity. Once he departed this universe, it was time to be a farmer.

Add beekeeper to that, too.

"Careful. A little more…" Logy muttered as he and Jaune crept towards a beetle bigger than a grown man's hand. Coming within range, the Hunter darted forward, snatching the bug off the rock with a surprisingly delicate touch. "Gotcha!"

Giddy, he turned to show the beetle to Jaune and Tattletale. The thing was wriggling in a futile struggle to escape. Golden in color, it looked pretty cool. Very shiny. Yet, Jaune had come to understand today that for monster Hunters, the aesthetics were oftentimes the least of it.

"What does this one do?"

"This is a flashbug," Logy said.

A knife appeared in his other hand, at which point Tattletale noped out of there, leaving Jaune to observe. Logy flicked the shell off the beetle's back (Ahhh it was still alive!), then removed a sac of viscous golden fluid. A quick swipe killed the beetle, its carcass tossed high for a passing winged lizard to gobble up. The thin shell of a nut, taken from one of the pouches, served as a container to secure the sac.

That done, Logy held it out for Jaune to see. "When a flashbug dies or gets struck by a hard impact, they activate the organ here to emit a blinding light. One last parting gift for whatever killed it. Harvest the organ, put it in a case that won't break by accident, and you have a—"

A flashbang. Well, Hunters call it a flash-pod, but same idea; it was a crude form of the grenade he carried in his Pocket. Efficacy aside, the clear advantage lay in the dead simple process of making them. He did not need a factory and a bunch of chemicals, just a bug, a knife, and a container. Jaune resolved to keep a lookout for more, even if they were not as high a priority as bitterbugs and godbugs.

Bitterbugs enhanced the effects of medicines. Potions, for example. Godbugs did somewhat amplify the properties of other reagents, though its best use was as a hardening agent, turning fluid-form potions to powders that can be dispersed over the air to affect multiple people—lesser results, greater reach. Disgusted as Tattletale was by the oversized bugs of this world, she practically commanded Jaune to capture half a dozen specimens of each insect type they've encountered thus far. To increase the chances they'd get both a female and a male for breeding purposes, she had explained.

A little while after that, they came across a grove of dandelion-looking plants. Logy plucked a few stalks, and passed one to each of them.

"Medicine?" Tattletale hazarded a guess.

The Hunter shook his head. "Nah." A breath sent the spores flying. Sunlight reflected off them to create a shimmering effect quite pleasing to the eye. "Sporepuffs are just fun to blow on."

Huh.

Grinning, Jaune raised the stalk to his face and exhaled a puff of air, Tattletale copying the motion. They plucked a couple more of the plants off the ground, and soon the spores filled the sky, resembling flocks of birds as they followed the paths of the wind to seed the forest with new growth.

Sometimes, the aesthetics mattered the most. He could sort of understand that, too.

They found the first trace of the Rathalos atop a bridge.

In truth, it was one of the tree roots that extended from the ancient tree, the tendril crossing from one side of a slow-flowing stream to the other. The place seemed to be a popular watering hole visited by the many beasts of the forest. They stuck to the riverbanks, however, since the bridge was too high for them to reach the water surface. Only something with a long neck, and a strong grip, could drink from this spot and not fall.

Kneeling on the bridge, Logy brushed his hand over the marks left on the wood. He spread his fingers apart to measure the width, then shaped them to mimic the talons that would have been responsible for the damage.

"Yep. Those are Rathalos tracks, alright," the Hunter concluded. "Hours old, from the look of it. Let's hope the scoutflies can still catch the scent."

He unstoppered one of the jars on his belt. This one contained insects smaller than shirt buttons (normal-sized, in other words) that glowed green. Freed, they lingered around Logy instead of flying away, and he waved his hands to lightly drive them onto the claw marks.

"Scoutflies can remember scents. Give them some time, and they would imprint on whatever new smell catches their attention, then follow it. Guild researchers discovered them decades ago when they arrived in the New World, these huge swarms of insects that would trail monsters over great distances. From that point on, they've become part of our standard kit."

Jaune bent down for a closer look. "It looks like something's wrong, though. They're kind of just drifting back and forth."

"Yeah…" Logy clicked his tongue in disappointment. "Problem is the forest. With all the different odors mixing, it doesn't take long for one to become overwhelmed by the others. That confuses the scoutflies. I think our best bet is to check the area for fresher tracks."

"Not necessarily," Jaune said.

Putting a hand behind his back, he summoned the Olfactory Sensor tracking tool from his Pocket. The bulky device, resembling a handgun with a long barrel, had no business hiding anywhere on him, but he figured being an outed interdimensional traveler would excuse a certain number of discrepancies.

The manual included with the tool mentioned its origin in the perfume industry of Academy City, before conversion to military use for pursuing fugitives. The concept worked in a similar way to scoutflies, a technological solution to the biological approach.

The steps were simple enough. Jaune pressed the device's spongy sensor tip close to the claw marks, and watched it go to work. A small LCD panel flipped up on the device, issuing a soft electronic whine as splashes of colors appeared on the screen. One by one, the smaller spots faded until a single scent remained. Target locked, the screen then switched to a graph of oscillating bars.

Jaune panned the tracking tool across the area. Upon passing a particular direction, the bars shot upward.

"And there we go. The Rathalos headed thataway."

Logy paid him zero attention. His eyes were locked onto the sensor device. "What is that?" he said in a breathless whisper.

Jaune was rather miffed by the reaction. The guy treated Aura as though it was a neat gimmick, but went ga-ga for a slightly better version of what he had in his own pockets.

"It's a scent tracker I picked up in my travels. "

"Any chance you'd let our smiths take a look at it?" Eagerness rang clear in the Hunter's voice.

He grimaced. "Ehhh, they can try to make sense of it, but to tell you the truth, I'm not even sure how the thing works. The technology is years ahead of both our worlds, I think."

Excitement drained out of Logy at the revelation.

"Awww…"

"B-But who knows," Jaune continued, feeling quite guilty in the face of the kicked puppy, "maybe I'm not giving them enough credit. We can certainly look into it later. For now, let's get that Rathalos!"

The trail led them along the stream, traveling further away from the forest depths. Half an hour on, the view before them began to widen, the trees ceding to flat, rocky ground. Jaune detected a salty tang to the air, and was therefore unsurprised when he first glimpsed the blue sea. They had reached a coastline.

Cawing birds in every color of the rainbow glided over the ocean, occasionally diving down to catch the fish leaping high out of the water surface. Docile packs of dinosaurs roamed the land, grazing on ferns or bathing in the pockets of seawater left behind by that morning's falling tide. The horizon stretched on and on.

This untamed world was so…big. Open. Free.

Jaune and Tattletale stood under the sunshine for a time, just to enjoy the seabreeze.

"Beautiful, isn't it?" he asked her.

She nodded, her voice a tiny thing. "Uh-huh."

They soon returned to the hunt. Following the tracker, the party struck upon a piece of disturbed ground, where the Olfactory Sensor devolved into a scrambled mess, the scent seeming to have gone wild. The branches of the mighty tree nearby littered the area, and there were gouges in the dirt.

"What happened here?" he asked, looking around.

Tattletale replied, "A fight."

A fight implied two monsters, and as the party started to wander through the scene, Jaune stepped by accident into a sticky smear of mucus.

"Yuck!" He peered closer at the ground. "Hey, Tattletale, doesn't this look like what we found before?"

A split-second glance, and she confirmed it. The mucus here and in the forest belonged to the same creature.

"I wonder, is it the Rathalos that left that there, or the second monster?"

"The latter," Logy said. "Mucus secretion wouldn't be typical behavior for the Rath species." He squatted down to better study the substance. "Could be a…"

Drawing his knife, the Hunter scraped a dollop of the stuff off the ground. His other hand retrieved a piece of flint from his supplies. He made sure to angle the knife away from the group, and struck the flint against the steel blade, creating sparks.

Beyond that, nothing of note occurred.

"Huh. My guess was going to be a Brachydios, but that should have ended with an explosion were it the case. Their mucus is so volatile that it ignites on contact with fire."

Tattletale chimed in, "What's the next possibility on the list, then?"

"The Anjanath." Logy tapped the rippling scales of his armor. "Fella loves to mark its territory this way. Only problem is I've spent a looot of time tracking after them, and the color and volume don't match. Besides those two… I'm a little stumped, to be honest. My hunch is that a nonnative monster has gotten into the region. I'll have to report that later to the Commander."

"Not a good thing, I take it," Jaune said.

Logy slumped. "Ugh. Tell me about it. Invading species tend to turn the local ecosystem upside-down and make it everyone's problem. I suppose that explains why the Rathalos ranged out in this direction. They're territorial beasts."

"No, that's completely wrong." Tattletale pointed at the tree branches. "The Rathalos got here first to collect those. For a nest? He discarded some of them, and chose the tougher branches. Yeah, a nest. Then, the other monster crashed the party—its mucus is lying on top of that branch there. They had a scuffle before both sides chose to retreat."

Logy rubbed his chin in thought. "It's building a nest? But this is still too early for the Rath mating season." All of a sudden, his face grew stiff. "Ahaha. Ha."

"What?" Jaune asked.

"The Rathalos we're hunting isn't the original one that ruled this area," Logy explained. "See, a while ago, our brightest star took down the rampaging apex Rathalos, the king of the forest, to stop it from slaughtering the other members of its species. It got too territorial, too greedy, and wanted to monopolize all the Rathian mates, the food, the space. After it died, we expected weaker Rathalos to trickle back into the region. They would fight among themselves, establish a new pecking order, and life goes on. Only—"

Tattletale took over. "It's happening in the lead up to mating season. You mentioned how our target is eating a lot. The Rathalos—Rathaloses?—aren't beating the crap out of each other yet like you expected, because they're busy building their strength. They're waiting, and that will push the conflict back to coincide with the moment these 'Rathians' go into heat."

"Yeeeah, we are gonna have one hell of a time. Multiple Rathalos, all riled up and trying to impress the ladies. The Rathians are already prone to infighting on any given day, and with all the different 'shows', they'll get even more excited. Wowee, this forest is going up in flames come the next few weeks."

Contrary to the dire news he spoke, the young man looked eager at the prospect. Jaune would bet that once the Rath mating season arrives, the monster Hunters of Astera will be out in force, hosting a competition of their own to trim the numbers to manageable levels.

It also made hunting their Rathalos all the more important. Each monster taken down meant one less participant in the upcoming crisis (or festival).

Which was why the troubles with the Olfactory Sensor frustrated Jaune so. Unfamiliar with the device, he could decipher neither head nor tail of the readings. The higher bars should translate to a better signal, shouldn't it? Except, the signal seemed pretty strong in multiple directions.

Oh, and now for some reason it maxed out across… the board….

His first sight of a Rathalos—a red drake the length of a bus from snout to tail—was when it snatched up Tattletale. As powerful beats of the monster's wings carried it over the jungle, the girl hung in its grasp, legs and arms dangling. It lent her the impression of a small animal caught in the talons of a hawk, just silently gazing back at Jaune with this look of utter confusion on her face, like she has yet to catch up to the new development.

On his part, he stared after her, likewise stricken dumb.

One.

Two.

Three. He snapped out of his stupor.

"Oh, crap! Tattletale! Tattletaaale!"

Jaune plunged into the forest, full-out sprinting after his partner to rescue her before she got eaten.


Author's Notes: Lisa's no good, very bad week.

Next chapter should come early. Already halfway through writing it.
Stories:
QQ Sneaking His Way into the Multiverse , a RWBY Jaune, WC-lite mechanics story.
Other RWBY stories on AO3 or FF - Yakuza Arc | Conquered Menagerie: Annals of the Sixth Kingdom | Cat, Bunny, and the Good Ship Honey Starbright | The Agent
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:RSR2000, Amdiranifani, WinterPhoenix and 691 others
LazyAutumnMoon
Apr 25, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 30: A Song of Fire and Pickle (Part 1)
View content
LazyAutumnMoon
LazyAutumnMoon
We all need Sundancer in our life.
JoinedJun 7, 2024
Messages289
Likes received68,284
Apr 28, 2025
Add bookmark
#896
A soft boom rang out behind Jaune, followed by the hissing sound of an object shooting upward. Seconds later, the sky behind him bloomed bright.

A signal flare?

Not important. He ran on, eyes trained upward. The forest canopy was growing denser, making it difficult to catch more than fleeting glimpses of red scales and widespread wings. Unlike him, the Rathalos bypassed the need to traverse the uneven ground, and so pulled ahead with every passing moment. It would take him one wrong move to lose the pursuit.

Tattletale had begun screaming, which was very helpful in keeping him on course.

Also, very worrying.

He activated his League Stepper boots—max settings, no gradual climb—and jumped above the trees. That granted him an unobstructed view of the monster a distance ahead, and of a screaming Tattletale aiming a handgun at the monster's talons. She pulled the trigger.

Accompanied by a loud bang, an angry screech shook the sky.

Tattletale continued firing, angling the gun so the bullets would ricochet away from her. Shot after shot struck the Rathalos, yet they failed to do much that Jaune could tell other than angering it further.

Feeling his balance slipping, Jaune released the triggers for the rockets, allowing himself to drop back down. He landed on one of the large tree roots and forged onward, barely paying attention to where he stepped while leaping from one traversable root tendril to the next. Light rocket blasts covered for the occasional slip-ups, and [Third Arm] helped him clear the larger gaps, gradually bringing him lower and lower until once more he raced along the forest floor.

Rapid gunshots prompted him to jump high again. Tattletale was unloading the whole clip in quick succession now, desperate to get free. He missed what happened next, already falling below the treeline, but he spotted the Rathalos pulling into a steep dive.

Not a minute afterward, Jaune broke into a clearing, finding both of them there.

Tattletale—mud-splattered, leaves stuck in her hair, but alive!—was scampering across the rough ground. No longer screaming now, the desire to avoid being turned into lunch kept her focused on running. Behind her, the Rathalos gave chase, far less graceful on its two legs than when it was flying.

Compared to the Hellkite Drake, the wyvern boasted a sleeker form, its red scales vivid and the spikes along the back less pronounced, less aggressive. More… natural?

Licks of flames flickered between its teeth, growing brighter in intensity.

Jaune did not waste a moment. "Hey, ugly! Over here!"

He aimed with his empty hands. From thin air, a machine gun materialized in them, and he held down the trigger. A stream of bullets slammed into the side of the wyvern, chipping the spiky scales.

Uh…

"It's not dying. Tattletale, why isn't it dying ahhhh—!" He dove out of the way in the nick of time, and the fireball flashed on by, the searing heat lingering on his skin to let him know how close it had been.

The smoke cleared to reveal the Rathalos in flight. Banking hard, the monster looped around a tree, emerging on a direct course for Jaune.

In its movements, he saw brutish aggression. Blind animal impulse. It's a beast, not a man. Predictable.

"Okay, I got this," Jaune said, psyching himself up. "Come get me, you overgrown lizard. I'm ready. So ready!"

In answer, a mouth filled with sharp fangs opened wide.

It snapped down on empty air.

Above the wyvern, Jaune soared with boots trailing fire. The gun returned to his Pocket, and he drew Crocea Mors. Sunlight glinted off steel. The blade flipped to point downward.

Wham!

Jaune saw stars as his head met the thick, unyielding trunk of the tree branch above him. Unaccustomed to using the rocket boots in combat, he had neglected to keep track of his position and where the momentum was taking him. Power to the boots cut out, and he dropped out of the sky to land in the dirt with an "Oof!"

And by the time he pushed off the ground, the Rathalos was already way too close.

Its eyes, a gemlike blue, peered down at him with a spark of cunning. The monster possessed enough of an intelligence to know the meaning of victory. Fire bubbled within its throat.

Note to self: flight tactics require full 3-dimensional awareness. If alive tomorrow, practice.

…Extra note to self: if not alive tomorrow, don't worry about it.

An inferno burst forth. Jaune hunkered behind his shield in a futile bid for survival.

Just before the fireball hit him, Logy the monster Hunter slid into the space between Jaune and the Rathalos. It was his shield, not Jaune's, which caught the brunt of the attack, the flames splashing onto the near-fireproof Anjanath hide. Biting teeth slammed against the shield in the next instant, stopped by the metal beneath and a body that refused to buckle under the tyrannical weight of the monster.

Jaune blinked to clear his vision. No, he had not seen it wrongly. Somehow, the Hunter endured the collision with an object measuring in the tons. In fact, he was beginning to push it back.

They didn't have Aura here, right? Right?

"Don't worry. Everyone will be here soon!" Logy said.

Who, he wanted to ask, but his voice trailed off as he watched Logy reach for the contraption strapped to his back. A smooth flick of the wrist, and the segments snapped into place. Bone and metal formed one continuous whole.

Oh. That was a lance he's carrying around.

Boom!

And, oh. It's also a gun.

Driven by the explosive shell that had crashed against its jaw, the head of the Rathalos jerked to the side. Jaune and Logy darted away during that opening.

"Space ourselves apart, divide its attention," Logy called out.

With a nod, Jaune heeded the suggestion, and spared a moment glancing behind him to check on Tattletale.

She had stayed within the clearing, and was in the midst of deploying her camouflage cloak. It worked by her first taking it off.

…Again, limitations defined Academy City tech.

Invisibility cloaks did not work as imagined by science fiction movies. Shaken out like a sheet, the cloak stiffened to a flat, rigid shape. Flexible rods hidden along the bottom edge were manually extended to function as anchors, then impaled into the ground to create something resembling an outdoor cinema screen.

A bit more than a mere resemblance, really, since the concept started from that same place. Lights, and the manipulation of it, laid at the core of this technology. Once activated, the white, almost translucent fabric began a gradual process to adopt the colors and shapes of the area behind it, refracting light through embedded optical amplifiers to create the vividness of reality.

The transformation was taking too long. The Rathalos, recovered, flicked its gaze between the Huntsman/Hunter pair and Tattletale. One registered as a threat, the other as easy picking. It made a choice.

Leathery wings unfurled. The Rathalos took flight.

"We have to get it down!" Jaune shouted. He summoned a rifle, popping off another burst of unimpressive gunfire. It was like shooting at a Deathstalker Grimm. The bullets drew flecks of blood at most despite him aiming low at the scaleless underbelly.

Logy called back, "Way ahead of you. Flashpod, cover your eyes!"

Flashpod?

Flashbang! Jaune recalled the earlier lesson and squeezed his eyes shut, turning away. The resulting flare paled in intensity compared to the modern explosive, but was effective enough against naked vision. The ground shook with the impact of the wyvern's fall.

Jaune reopened his eyes to a Rathalos roaring while trying to climb to its feet. The massive head, nostrils spewing flames, swung every which way without seeing. It passed right across the camouflage cloak, now activated in full with Tattletale ensconced behind the screen in a safe position to observe the battlefield.

Without having to worry about her, he could focus on the Rathalos, and this seemed the perfect opportunity to bring it low. Jaune rushed in, drawing his sword… only to screech to a halt at the frantic signals coming from Logy.

"What?"

"Be careful," the Hunter said as the Rathalos swept its spiked tail through the space Jaune would have occupied. "Blind doesn't mean helpless. The big guy's enraged!"

The monster knew it was in a vulnerable state, and lashed out in a storm of talons, tail, and flames to deter would-be attackers. Against that, Logy advanced in cautious steps, and hovered just a bit outside the range of the Rathalos to harry it with quick swipes of the lance, adding in an explosive shell here and there.

Jaune stuck a little closer, sometimes within clawing distance, for better reach. The first hit he managed got the Rathalos on the snout, and failed to even break the scales. All it did was alert the monster of his position, forcing him to take a dive as sharp talons scythed through the air. Rolling under the Rathalos, he then tried an upward swing to scour a line across the chest. It left a cut to mark his most effective attack thus far—too shallow by half.

To his consternation, the blood dripping from the wound stemmed in seconds, scabbing over. Before he could wonder about it, the Rathalos took a hop, intent on trampling him underfoot. Another dive moved him out of danger.

Glancing over to Logy's side of the fight, he noted that the man seemed to have met greater success. Jaune's efforts, at the least, were serving as a decent distraction to keep the Rathalos facing the wrong direction, and the openings allowed Logy to strike with impunity. Each blow of his lance drew out a grunt from the monster, and sometimes fragments of the scales.

Still, nobody could mistake that the battle was going anywhere close to their way.

"Logy, this isn't working. We're scratching it."

"All according to plan, don't lose heart. Rathalos are just tough fellas."

Jaune leveled an incredulous stare at him. "I think this goes a little beyond 'tough.' The thing's as hard as a rock!"

"Are you kidding? The hide of a Rathalos is waaay stronger than that."

"Not helping…" Jaune whimpered.

Logy laughed at his morose expression. "Steady on. Our backup should be here any second now!"

"I hope so, because it's back in action."

With a final headshake, the Rathalos regained its faculties, and turned its baleful glare directly at them. A slight contraction of the neck warned Jaune of what was coming. The jaws unhinged.

A projectile smashed into the open mouth, bursting to release a pocket of water. A second and third shot followed to douse the impending fireball. The remaining flames flew towards Jaune in a weak stream that fizzled out before the halfway mark.

The shooter emerged from the woods, clad in dark leather and a cowboy hat. He held what looked like a portable ballista cobbled together from monster parts. (Why did it have horns sticking out?)

The blond man, who seemed too skinny and underweight to hold his weapon, called over to them. "Startin' the fun without me, Logy? For shame." He then directed a curious gaze at Jaune, but did not comment.

"Reyfer, good timing!" Logy replied. "Where's Linca and Escha?"

"Right here."

Horns must be in vogue, because the woman that crashed through the underbrush wore the skull of a beast with two great, curving horns pointed to the sky. The rest of the skeleton went into her armor, panels of strung-together bones protecting sections of her body. The midriff was left bare. She had better abs than him.

On her shoulder rested a hammer that was really a giant chunk of bone attached to an iron haft. The size of it looked rather comical on her short height, and an eyeball estimate suggested the thing weigh more than her.

Then, after her there arrived a… a cat? In armor? With a knife?

As the newcomers formed up with them, Jaune stared agog at the fluffy, white, long-haired cat wielding a tiny sword. The thing was adorable.

The cat turned to look up at him, and waved.

He nearly died then and there.

"Jaune, my team. Team, Jaune. Ready to show the big guy what for?" Logy asked.

Cat, he thought, dearly wishing someone would explain to him the why's and how's of it. Aloud, he shouted an enthusiastic "Yeah!" along with the rest of them.

The Rathalos beheld the line of enemies arrayed before it, and weighed the risk. By all evidence, it found the odds favorable as, rearing back on its two legs, the wyvern gave a mighty roar.

Logy and the hammer girl named Linca rushed in to meet it head on, while the guy with the ballista—Reyfer—hung back. Seeing the cat, Escha, flanking the monster on one side, Jaune decided to head for the other side, filling the empty spot in the formation.

Midway there, the phone in his pants pocket rang. Picking up the call, he looped the attached strap around his neck so he could talk hands-free.

"Jaune, can you hear me?"

Sliding into position, he summoned a gun with a fresh clip. "Loud and clear. Looks like the Handy Antenna tech works anywhere, not just in the apartment."

The Rathalos flapped its wings, blowing Logy and Linca off their feet. Immediately, Jaune fired off a few bursts around the monster's eyes. None were a direct hit on target, as after the first few shots the Rathalos turned to avoid the barrage, but it had to abandon pursuing the off-balanced Hunters in order to do so. That gave them the chance to resume their offensive before the wyvern could chase him. Linca smacked it upside the head with her hammer as it tried to breath fire.

Using the free moment, he addressed Tattletale, "Hey, do you have an idea of what's wrong with these guns? And my sword? Like, I'm tickling the Rathalos right now."

"It's not a fault on your end. Forget bulletproof jackets, those scales are the equivalent of inches-thick steel. Not just that, but the muscles underneath, the bones, they all have to be in comparable range to shrug off those attacks. The strength of that monster in relation to its size is disproportionate to a ridiculous degree."

And it already looked big to begin with. Great.

"Don't even think about engaging it head on."

"Wasn't going to."

"Uh-huh." Skepticism dripped from her voice. "Your best bet is to continue playing the distraction. Support the Hunters, and study what they do before you commit to anything rash. They're the pros, not you."

That was actually good advice, and in between bursts of gunfire, he observed his allies for hints to the finer points of monster hunting.

Despite their heavy armaments, the two main melee fighters on the team stayed light on their feet. They didn't plant themselves in one spot and go to town on the monster, even though Logy likely could have with his shield and fire-resistant gear.

At first, Jaune thought it a mirror to conventional Huntsmen combat styles. As the minutes wore on, he revised that opinion.

After ducking a swing of the tail, Logy had the perfect opportunity to lay into the Rathalos. He forwent it, and skipped back. His partner, Linca, could have gone for a truly skull-shaking overhead swing. That was given up, too.

The Hunters were not displaying the aggression typical in Huntsmen. Offensive undertakings rarely lasted for longer than three or four attacks before they broke off from the Rathalos. Oftentimes, Logy or Linca would settle for a single glancing blow.

Was it borne of caution? Fear? Not quite.

Reyfer, safer from his spot at the back, shared the mannerism. His ballista fired at an uneven rate—a three-shot burst here, a lone one there. He took frequent pauses, picking and choosing projectile bolts that bore a variety of effects, from a purple cloud to sparks to sharp spikes that attempted to pierce the scales. Every once in a while, he relocated to a new spot. Always near cover. Always at a set distance.

The strange ease to their movements spoke of practice. Experience taught them to fight this way.

Tattletale's voice came over the line. "They're conserving stamina. Targeting weakpoints. Jaune, slow down. You're out of step with their goal here."

Because a Rathalos was not a Grimm, and Hunters were not Huntsmen. A creature of flesh and blood, it can tire; lacking Aura, they can die. The flowing dance of offense and evasion ensured a constant barrage to wear the monster down, while minimizing the risk of a Hunter taking a debilitating injury. Considering the ludicrous level of toughness possessed by the Rathalos, decisive blows were off the table. He compared it earlier to a Deathstalker Grimm, which was not so far off the mark. Unlike Beowolves and Ursas, where one untrained but powerful slash can kill the creatures, whaling on this armored body accomplished not much of note. Striking a weakpoint achieved better outcomes for the effort expended.

Jaune began spacing out his shots, taking the time to put them where he saw the Hunters aiming. The ankles, to weaken its balance. The wings, to strain the smaller, more delicate bones, and tear at the wing membranes. The head he left to Linca, the hammer wielder. Her method to use a giant lump of monster bone to rattle another monster's bones seemed to be going well, whereas his bullets were useless on that skull.

His plan, uh, his plan worked a little too well.

Jaune gulped as the Rathalos, thoroughly annoyed by the gnat that won't stop buzzing about, focused on him. An angry blast of fire exploded from its throat.

[Third Arm] yanked him one long step to the left. Another fireball was there, because it wanted him dead, with a side of deader. With no time to think, he activated his boots and threw out another shadowy hand. A little voice in his head was screaming that either would be too late.

A shelling round struck him first. It hurt like hell. It hurt like fuck.

But it also launched him out of the path of the fireball.

He hit the ground on his back a short distance away, arms curled around his chest and a chunk of his Aura missing. It was better than being set alight, he tried to tell himself. Strangely, that did not at all make him feel better. Woozy eyes found the person responsible.

Logy sent him a thumbs-up, smiling.

"I got you, Jaune!"

You sure did.

"Tattletale, our ally just shot me. Maybe you were right about him."

"Ehhh." She sounded hesitant. "I think—no, it's definitely something normal for them. His teammates didn't even flinch when they saw that." Her speech shifted, becoming faster. "He's done it before. To them. He fired on them and they're still friends. The maneuver is part of their playbook. Their physiology allows for that kind of strategy. That girl's hammer is three hundred pounds on a stick, and he's swinging a lance with one hand. They should be breathing hard—they're not. This is the human baseline, and it's comparable to a person with Aura. Big insects—big trees—big everything. This is a worldwide effect."

They say you were what you ate. Perhaps this was that old adage in action. Whatever super nutrients giving the monsters their strength found its way into people's diet, and imparted to them the same unbelievable vitality. In a world like that, tanking a shell fired by one of their own may well count as a valid strategy to rescue a teammate, the damage recoverable with a draught of healing potion.

It sounded insane.

And made so much sense! Why hadn't he ever thought of that sort of strategy back in Beacon? Aura can mimic the requirements, as proven with him!

(He later realized why, upon recalling that Nora's weapon was a grenade launcher.)

"Sooo, how does that explain the cat?"

"…I'm working on it."

"Oi. What's takin' so long over there?" asked Reyfer in a rough drawl, hurrying over.

Climbing to his feet, Jaune said, "Oh, sorry—"

"Did that darn Rathalos get you, after all?" Reyfer scrambled for his belt. "Here, I have a potion. A mega potion, too, if you need—actually, drink it anyway, just in case. Come on, if you're hurt bad, I'll carry you from the fight while that thing's distracted."

"Omigod they're all like that." Tattletale sounded ill.

Arms full of medicine jars and herb pouches, Jaune rapidly shook his head. "No, no, no, no, I'm good. Completely fine. Logy took me by surprise, that's all." He tried to return the items to no avail, with Reyfer waving him off and rushing back to the battle now that he was assured of Jaune's health. Reluctantly, he deposited them in his Pocket.

A second flashpod stymied another attempt by the Rathalos to fly. This time, though, it landed on its feet and quickly set into a wild, thrashing frenzy.

A ballista bolt alerted it of Reyfer's presence, and it charged in his direction, forcing him to abandon his position with a long roll that covered quite a distance. The Rathalos skirted on by the escaping prey to slam against a tree, snapping the thick trunk almost in half with how hard it struck, afterward dropping to the ground in a stunned daze.

All of a sudden, a flip switched, and the monster Hunters sprinted for the downed foe.

Now they went all out. Logy unloaded shell after shell, reloading and doing it all over again. Reyfer changed to bladed projectile bolts, and directed them at the tail; those saw great effect, leaving grooves that refused to heal. Meanwhile, right in front of the Rathalos, the hammer rose and fell, each blow stronger than the last as its wielder found her rhythm.

Jaune heard a distinctive cracking sound after one of the hammer strikes landed. His heart swelled with anticipation. The monster was not invincible.

Once his current gun ran out of bullets, Jaune traded it for his sword, and dashed forward into melee range.

Logy greeted him with a grin. "Jaune, Reyfer's softened up the tail! Finish the job!"

He didn't have to say it twice. Jaune hacked at the open wound with abandon. Crocea Mors felt more akin a dull knife against the tough flesh of the monster, but he kept at it to do his part, sawing through the tail inch by agonizing inch.

Even the cat pitched in, sitting on the back of the Rathalos with a hammer and a chisel in its paws. One, two, three, four scales were pried away in succession.

Everyone paused as a roar that did not belong to the Rathalos rang across the forest. There was a desperate pitch to it, a whine of want so stark that it bordered on madness.

"What was that?" Jaune asked once it faded.

Logy furrowed his brow, lance never ceasing in its movement, "I don't know, but it sounded like Linca when she's hungry." Nods all around, even from Linca. Logy bit his cheek, looking a tad anxious. "It's far off. We should be fine."

They resumed their onslaught against the Rathalos. It had begun stirring, but a glance at the others told Jaune that they were committing to this until the very last possible second.

Good. He had no intention of stopping at this point. That tail was a sliver from being down to the bone now. Feverishly, he chopped at it, putting his whole body into the motion.

The Rathalos jerked awake, screaming, the moment he sawed into the bone of the tail.

The forest answered with another roar.

It sounded closer now. Like, a lot closer. Jaune might be imagining things, but the rousing Rathalos seemed very aware, and very hostile about that development, attempting to disengage from the Hunters to move in that direction.

Which was great, because the monster probably would have gone for him first otherwise.

"This is bad."

No, it's great. "Tattletale, the monster making that noise…"

"Is coming straight for us."

Trees started falling. Further away in the beginning, patches of the canopy vanishing as tremors ran through the earth. Then whole sections went down. In the murky depths of the jungle, they saw thee trunks shoved aside with ease, and the shape of something…massive.

Reyfer the gunner was the first to call it quits, folding his ballista into a more compact form. "Pack it up. Everybody, pack it up! Turf war incoming!"

Linca tch'ed, but heeded the advice. Logy fired one last potshot with his lance, then retreated. At the edge of the clearing, Tattletale was pulling up the cloak from the ground, clipping it back on her.

Jaune held no notion of defiantly pushing onward, not when the Huntsman equivalents of this world was running. He turned to follow, making it two steps before he snapped around again.

The cat. Where was it?

He spotted it still atop the Rathalos, paws clamped around a loosening red scale. It was yanking on the piece with all its might.

Logy had noticed the same scene. "Escha!" he yelled. "We need to get outta here!"

Everyone (except Tattletale) had stopped in their tracks. The whole team (except Tattletale) turned back. Decisions were being made, Jaune could read it on their faces. Weapons appeared in hands. They were going to go back for the cat.

Too late.

The second monster arrived, and the Rathalos shot into the air with Escha clinging to the loose scale. It started blasting fireballs, one after the other. All Jaune saw was a flash of green and too many teeth, before smokes obscured the newcomer. The Rathalos refused to relent in the onslaught until only faint sparks remained within its mouth.

That's when a huge maw erupted out of the inferno. It swallowed the final fireball, continued on, and would have clamped shut hard on the Rathalos had it not twisted its neck out of the way, losing a chunk of flesh rather than the entire throat. Batting its wings, the Rathalos gained altitude at speed.

Emerging in full, the monster—the T-Rex—glared at the wyvern through crimson eyes.

Jaune thought the Rathalos was big. This creature measured thrice the size, colored green from tip to tail. Slobber poured out in long trails from a mouth overfilled with teeth, to the point that the teeth left the mouth to grow on the chin and snout.

The stubby forearms almost looked comical on the monster. Then it unhinged its jaw, and any idea of laughing at it went out the window. The monster could swallow a car in one gulp. Or half a dozen people along with their gear.

In a breathless murmur, Linca said one word. A name. "Deviljho."

The two monsters crashed together, and from then on, the humans ceased to matter. Forces of nature clashed in a struggle that broke the land.

Trees uprooted. The ground tore up. Spewing flames with wild abandon, the Rathalos engulfed the clearing in fire, avoiding the hungry, snapping jaws as its talons carved deep gouges in the sides and back of the Deviljho. In turn, the Deviljho swung its head, toothy snout bashing into the Rathalos with the power of a freight train. It would leapt high after the wyvern, each landing followed by an earthquake. Twin roars drowned out the forest for miles around.

The Hunters ran pell-mell with never a single moment to swing their weapons. Mere ants beneath the feet of giants, this wasn't their world anymore.

Throughout it all, a cat jumped from the back of one monster to the other, its throat locked in terror. Time and again, it tried to escape the battle altogether, stymied in whichever avenue it took by the biting, slashing, and wrestling titans that got in the way. Simple luck kept it from missing a footing thus far.

As it once more scampered along the spine of Rathalos, that luck ran out. The Deviljho caught its foe by the neck, and twisted to throw the Rathalos end over end. The sudden rotation flicked the cat through the sky.

Jaune judged the direction, the distance, and then he latched [Third Arm] onto a branch to slingshot him past the tree into the air. Rockets took over, accelerating him further. A twist of his body puts him facing his target, and he flung out both arms to catch the cat.

He had never seen a cat smile before. It was adorable.

"Thank you!" Escha cried, hugging him.

She can speak!

Jaune nearly faceplanted in the dirt upon landing, too taken aback by the talking cat. Higher-pitched than a human, her voice carried the slight rasp of a cat's meows. (He couldn't believe that the voice carried anything except a cat's meows!)

"Jaune, did I hear someone else talking? I thought everyone was accounted for."

"Did you include the cat?" he asked weakly.

"...Excuse me?"

The cat was now staring at the phone hanging from Jaune's neck, jaw dropped open in awe. "How are you doing that?"

"Uhhh, interdimensional whimmy whammy stuff. It's—" Jaune looked past the feline, and paled. "Not the time. We need to go!"

Man and cat fled before they could be squashed flat by the struggling Rathalos that the Deviljho swung around like a flail. Spotting their allies waving to them at the edge of the clearing, they headed thataway, chasing after the group as they found shelter among some bushes set far inside the treeline, with Tattletale already there. Escha outran him, dropping to the ground to speed ahead on her four limbs, and she dove into an embrace comprising all the Hunters.

Jaune arrived to much rejoicing, and hearty slaps on the back that registered against his Aura. Since he had apparently put his life on the line to get one of their own out of danger, that seemed to have made him their new best friend.

It's a pretty nice feeling.

A weight settled on his back, squishy paws clinging onto his head. Escha's face swung into view a moment later, upside-down in front of him. "Hey, hey, how did you fly? And what did you mean, interdi-meow-sional whatsit? Who are you!?" Her face grew closer and closer with each question, eyes practically sparkling

The rest of the Hunters also voiced their curiosity. Logy was the sole local person to have seen his rocket boots in action before, and everyone now wanted to hear about it, along with the guns (they had gunlances and bowguns, but not gun-guns), his mechashifting shield (they, unlike many, understood the appeal of a portable weapon form), and his clothes (Hunters were somewhat fashion-minded, it seemed). He fielded them as best he could, which consisted for the most part of him attributing to interdimensional shenanigans all the minor details he was not quite sure about.

Once he extricated himself from the slew of questions, aided by the awe-inspiring sight that was the ongoing battle between two monsters, Jaune sidled over to Tattletale.

"Hey, did you get out of that mess okay?" he said.

"Yeah…" Her reply lacked spirit, and with a closer look, Jaune soon noticed the usual signs of a budding headache on her. Squinted eyes, a clench to her jaw, peace and quiet in her immediate vicinity, and so on.

Frowning, he said, "If you need to, why not shut your power off for a while? You're overdoing it."

"Actually, can I get a Remedy?" she asked hopefully. Before he could answer, she continued in a rush. "You know what, nevermind. I'm totally A-okay right now."

The one twitching eye suggested otherwise. Reading his micro tics to deduce the (very valid in his opinion) concerns about her growing reliance on the Remedies would only serve to exacerbate the headache she suffered, but warning the girl of things like that tended to never go far with her. He hesitated on whether to bring out a vial for the pain anyway, in the end deciding that she had already made known her resolve to not use one, which was ultimately a development he should encourage.

Their conversation tapered off after that, the pair returning their attention to the scene in the clearing.

The Deviljho had the Rathalos gripped in its mouth, but the Rathalos had in turn dug its talons deep into the base of the Deviljho's neck and was doing its best to pull in opposite directions, the two monsters engaged in a bout of mutually attempting to rip the other's head off. It locked them in a stalemate, a green tower pointed to the sky capped by a red roof. The creaking of bones, and the sound of gnawing teeth, could be heard loud and clear in this corner of the jungle now depopulated of wildlife.

Then, the balance shifted. The Deviljho, uncaring of its wounds, jerked to the side. Talons tore ribbons of flesh as they were pulled out by force, and the Rathalos scrabbled for new purchase.

With a whole-body twist, the Deviljho swung the other monster high above its head, and slammed it down. The ground cratered beneath the Rathalos, the moment of impact more akin to a missile strike. One of the legs landed wrong with a break that pierced the skin, leaving the monster lying collapsed, unable to climb upright. The mouth fell open, gasping for air as the winner of the bout released the grip on its neck.

The victorious cry of the Deviljho, shouted to the heaven, proclaimed to all and sundry its might.

That was its mistake, because in a flash, the Rathalos pulled a last gambit. The wings had survived intact, the flying wyvern protecting them by wrapping the appendages tight to its frame. They unfurled in a snap to bat the Deviljho in the jaw. Driving the broken leg into the ground, the Rathalos forced itself to stand. Frantic beats of the wings lifted it in the air, narrowly avoiding a bite from below as it withdrew out of range.

It circled once, and wailed its anger towards the winner in a keening cry. Then it flew away.

That might have been the worst outcome of all, to the Deviljho. It screamed, and screamed, and screamed at the Rathalos. A tantrum followed, the monster battering down trees and—for whatever reason that made sense only to it—bit huge mouthfuls of dirt out of the ground and spat them back out.

The fit continued for a good few minutes, but upon realizing that the other monster wasn't coming back, it… well, it didn't calm down, but it stopped flipping out and began to focus on searching the ground in agitation.

"What is it doing?" Jaune asked in a murmur. The group had ducked low ever since the battle ended, hiding deeper in the bushes. They peered out through the leaves at the monster.

Linca answered, "I've heard of this species. They are supposed to be always hungry. And angry. A carnivore that kills and eats whatever living thing is in sight—"

The monster passed its gaze over their hiding place, and on instinct they fell still, stifling their breaths.

The gaze moved on, completing a full circuit of the clearing. Once that was done, the Deviljho shouted another roar full of rage, before stalking off to seek new prey.

Linca resumed talking. "It's said something went wrong inside them long ago, that they were never able to recover from. They would eat their own tail if there is nothing else available. Eat until they kill themselves." She pulled a face, though the skull helmet that covered the upper half of it made the expression difficult to read. "We should hunt it," she concluded.

Jaune ran the conversation back in his head, wondering if he had missed a detail. Nope.

"Aaaand why would you want to do that?" he asked.

Tattletale cut in before Linca could answer. "These Deviljho guys eat too much, right? I bet that would wreck the local populations of whatever area they settle in. And if they self-cannibalize, it's probably hard to find remains of an intact specimen out in the wild to study."

"Pretty much," Logy spoke up, nodding. "Deviljho is incompatible with all known environments, and our researchers would love to get their hands on that treasure trove, especially since this is the first Deviljho I've ever heard of in the New World." He rubbed his chin, mulling on matters.

Escha hopped onto Logy, gathering everyone's attention. "Hey, hey, so does that mean we're letting the Rathalos go?" she asked innocently.

The Hunters halted at those words, staring at the cat as if it had started talking grown two heads.

"You mean, drop the hunt?" Logy lowered his voice to a whisper at the end. An instinctive, visceral reaction to an alien concept. Linca mirrored the expression, yet Reyfer looked to be giving serious thought to the suggestion, working through it slowly to grasp the nuances of this novel approach.

"You've got the Rathalos on its last leg." Tattletale pointed out in agreement, then switched sides. "On the other hand, that Deviljho is valuable. One belongs to a species that will be plentiful in the future, but the other's a tough customer that you may not have the resources and energy to fight." She crossed her arms, shaking her head in sympathy. "It's a toughie."

The Hunters looked at her, looked at each other, and broke into fierce arguments.

Jaune slapped a hand over his face. He muttered out the corner of his mouth, "You meant for that to happen."

"I don't know what you're talking about." Tattletale smiled impishly. "So, which monster would you want to go after, Jaune? If the Rathalos wasn't what we're here for, I mean."

"Both."

She quirked a delicate eyebrow. "Bold of you." Stupid of you, she probably intended. "Any reason?"

Jaune gave a shrug.

"I dunno. Two monsters translate to twice the reward, I guess."

As one, the Hunters spun towards him, fingers pointing.

"""You're a genius!"""

Tattletale's smile grew stiff.


Author's Notes: Early chapter. One left to round out this world.

Tattletale—Oh, Jaune~ I've been captured by a big, wicked dragon~
Jaune—*arrives late*

Cat—*stuck in a high place*
Jaune—*locks in*
Stories:
QQ Sneaking His Way into the Multiverse , a RWBY Jaune, WC-lite mechanics story.
Other RWBY stories on AO3 or FF - Yakuza Arc | Conquered Menagerie: Annals of the Sixth Kingdom | Cat, Bunny, and the Good Ship Honey Starbright | The Agent
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:RSR2000, Amdiranifani, WinterPhoenix and 787 others
LazyAutumnMoon
Apr 28, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
1
2
3
4
  Next
Jump to new
Threadmarks
Index
Extras
View content
64 more messages…
Heliel43



Write your reply...
Empty

 Post reply
 
More options
Share:
Reddit
Pinterest
Tumblr
WhatsApp
Email
Link
Similar threads
AndrewJTalon
 [NSFW] [RWBY] Plan C (Yang/Jaune/Ruby)
AndrewJTalon Jul 31, 2026 Words: 3.4k jaune arc jaune arc/ruby jaune arc/yang xiao-long
Replies6
Views2K
Aug 16, 2026
Andy333
Andy333
HarderThanDefined
 [NSFW] Wreckers (RWBY)
HarderThanDefined Aug 15, 2026 Words: 39k anthology jaune arc porn
Replies16
Views7K
Aug 22, 2026
MagnificentMind
MagnificentMind
Nandor de Laurentiis
Thread watched
[NSFW] Somwhere To Be (Disco Elysium Jaune Arc.)
Nandor de Laurentiis Jul 15, 2026 Words: 15k 1 2 disco elysium fluff before smut jaune arc
Replies54
Views6K
Jul 21, 2026
glAssbOy
AndrewJTalon
[NSFW] [RWBY] Purity (Jaune Arc/Arslan Atlan)
AndrewJTalon Jan 30, 2026 Words: 2.8k arslan atlan jaune arc rwby
Replies8
Views2K
Jan 31, 2026
The Hero named Villain
The Hero named Villain
[NSFW] Winter is Coming (Invincible x RWBY)
eratas123 Jul 26, 2026 Words: 4.7k jaune arc rwby rwby au
Replies5
Views2K
Jul 26, 2026
Dust shaker
Dust shaker
Forums NSFW NSFW Creative Writing 
Style chooser
Contact usTerms and rulesPrivacy policyHelpRSS
Community platform by XenForo® © 2010-2024 XenForo Ltd. Design by: Pixel ExitQuestionable Questing
 
Forums 
What's new 
Members 
Heliel43
New posts 
Watched 
New threadmarks 
Mark forums read
Forums NSFW NSFW Creative Writing 
[NSFW] Sneaking His Way into the Multiverse (RWBY Jaune, WC-lite mechanics)
 Thread starterLazyAutumnMoon  Start dateJun 7, 2024  Tagsjaune arc lisa wilbourn multiverse rwby tattletale waifu catalog-ish world hopping worm
Prev  
1
2
3
4
  Next
Jump to new
Ignore
Unwatch

Thread Tools
Threadmarks
Index
Extras
View content
Threadmarks Chapter 31: A Song of Fire and Pickle (Part 2)
View content
LazyAutumnMoon
LazyAutumnMoon
We all need Sundancer in our life.
JoinedJun 7, 2024
Messages289
Likes received68,284
May 4, 2025
Add bookmark
#943
A group of four hiked up a tree root large enough to accommodate two-way car traffic. It was one of the traversable routes mapped out by past Hunters of the Guild, and led all the way to the top of the ancient tree that was more akin to a mountain.

Near the head of the party, Jaune turned over his shoulder—his third time in the last minute—to take in the view. How high were they, now? A thousand feet? More?

His spot offered a spectacular vantage point. There was the forest below, rolling on and on. It gave way to deserts, canyons, then the crags and cliffs of a volcanic land beyond, with crystals the size of buildings rising from the rocks. To his left, far in the horizon and near the sea, he saw a forest of corals, the remnants of an ocean floor in aeons past, exposed aboveground as the seas receded. The reef was yet alive, an explosion of colors in every shade of the rainbow.

Logy had pointed out Astera for him. It's a settlement along the coast. Not that far, but still at a distance where he had difficulties telling the details. There's something like a boat sitting on a rock? Oddly-shaped, was all he could say for sure about Astera.

If he focused, he could spy the tiny, tiny forms of monsters roaming amidst the disparate biomes. They must tower over a man in person, to be visible from here. Some flew in the sky, some raced along the ground. Far away from his adventure, they clashed, and hunted, and lived. What a world he had stumbled upon.

"Hey, hey, whatcha thinking about?"

He turned back to the path. Escha crouched there, the steep incline putting her at eye height. The cat—or felyne, rather, as they were known here—tilted her head in curiosity.

"Just looking," he said. "Everything here is new to me. It's—"

"Amazing? Pretty? Stupendous?"

"Heh. All of that, I think."

Escha broke out in a beaming smile.

A cooing noise arose behind him, choked off midway with a fake cough. Tattletale drew level with the group a moment later, clearing her throat and refusing to meet his eyes.

She had been quite taken by the fluffy furball that talks.

"Quit dilly-dallying, Jaune. We have a timetable to keep."

"Yeah, but, you know…" He added a hop to his next step and rocketed forward, clearing a few yards in one stride. Turning on the heels of his boots, he took a bow, calling back to her, "I think I'm okay on that front."

The slowpoke flipped him off. He smiled and waved at her.

Past her, down in the forest, he caught a flash of sickly green among the greens. The Deviljho, still on its eternal rampage to seek sustenance. Linca and Reyfer should be engaging it right about now, harrying the monster to weaken it while waiting for a sign of their success up here.

That rather depended on them locating the Rathalos, and once more he checked the Olfactory Sensor. The signal strengthened as he pointed the tracker above them, confirming they had a while longer to go before reaching its hiding place. It wouldn't be at the very top, Logy had speculated. The scent of the former apex monster still lingered there, proclaiming for every would-be claimant to the throne that the king of the jungle died in that place. No, they'd be cautious. Staying lower until they developed the strength and arrogance to consider themselves unbeatable.

The first to catch up to him was Escha, who clamored for another look at the screen of the tracking tool. He wasn't sure if she understood what all the data presented on it meant, but he let her see anyway, the felyne meowing in wonder as she directed him to move the device this way and that.

How he recognized it was 'wonder' and not, say, a random meow spoke to the expressiveness of the felyne species. They're… well, they're not pets. Felynes were a sentient people. People who, yes, happened to enjoy scritches. They also liked the same foods that humans ate, slept in houses (though what constituted a house differed in their mind), and even took jobs to get paid. Escha referred to herself as a Palico with the pride that someone would say they were a Huntsman or Huntress.

She enjoyed flying, too, and latched onto his back the next time he rocket-stepped, afterward jumping off to land on a thinner tree root running parallel to the path at waist height. As they waited for the others, she pelted him with questions about anything and everything that she could think of on the wider universe.

"How big do the big monsters get?"

"Massive, sometimes." The Grimm Dragon came to mind. "Although there aren't always monsters at all." Escha blinked in surprise at that, as did Logy who had just joined them. "Some places I've been to have them. Some didn't."

"Places?" Escha asked, confused at first. Then, her eyes opened wide, and she stretched her body to lean closer. "You mean, you've been to more than your world and this one!?"

Jaune replayed their conversations since ascending the tree. "Huh. I guess I never told you. But yeah, my method lets me go to multiple universes. I've visited, what, seven or eight worlds in total now? Hey, Tattletale," he addressed the approaching girl while rechecking his mental count, "how many worlds have we been to?"

"Discounting that one that we spent, like, five minutes inside? Nine for you, eight for me," she answered while gamely waving for them to resume the journey, nevermind her heavy breaths.

"Weird. I counted eight for myself. My world, yours, Dunwall, Undead Burg, bunny cave, Steelport, Academy City, and here. What's missing?"

For a person half a head shorter than him, Tattletale somehow managed to look down her nose at Jaune. The corner of her mouth quirked upward with a hint of satisfaction. "Our apartment is in its own universe."

"That's the one!" he exclaimed, smacking a palm to his forehead. "I keep forgetting since we haven't stepped a single foot outside the room. One of these days, we really need to figure out that teleporter."

"Maybe. I see us affording a new base of operation before that becomes a necessity, so it doesn't matter much to me."

More like she's miffed that all her attempts at getting it to work were stymied and she never wanted to look at the contraption again, but Jaune wasn't going to tell her that.

"Nine worlds…" muttered Escha, still stuck on that bit of news. From her tone, she couldn't believe it.

Meanwhile, Logy focused on the other part of Jaune's revelations. "So monsters aren't common elsewhere. How about that." He wore a thoughtful expression on his face as he strolled along the path, one that had Tattletale raising an eyebrow. Neither chose to comment further, however.

They found their target, as Logy surmised, about three quarters of the way to the top, in a hollow that was better described as a cavern considering they could fit a house, a yard, and a thousand garden gnomes in here—which would be kind of creepy now that he was picturing it in his head. Analogies were hard.

Hiding behind the corner, they peeked inside to see a half-built nest tucked into the depths of the space. The sleeping form of the Rathalos laid atop it.

Escha ducked low to the ground, as if it would make her less noticeable. With utmost seriousness, she warned them, "Be vewy, vewy quiet."

Tattletale nearly woke the monster up then and there by breaking into laughter, clamping both hands over her mouth in the nick of time. She shook with the force of her mirth, eyes closed and face turning a shade of red.

Everyone stared at her.

After a beat, Escha asked, "Why is she laughing?" She looked to Jaune for an answer, and he spread his hands in helpless silence. Nothing had seemed amiss insofar as he recalled, so he could not even begin to guess.

"W-W—" Tattletale struggled to speak, and managed to force the words out in a rush. "We're hunting Wathalos!" She then fell into another fit of muffled snickering.

But they were, though…

Shaking his head, Jaune said, "Okay, Tattletale. You stay here and… and try to snap out of whatever it is that's setting you off. We're going to get closer to the Wa- Rathalos."

Doubling over in renewed laughter, all Tattletale could do was acknowledge him with a thumbs-up, the other hand pointing to the pouch where she kept her phone. Call me.

"Got it," he said.

Once again, the phone hung off of his neck, the soft giggles of his partner filtering through it as he advanced alongside Escha and Logy further into the hollow. They moved with care, avoiding the bones of past meals to reach a better vantage point where they could study the monster.

"Thing's in pretty bad shape," Jaune said.

The Rathalos breathed in laboured gasps, and blood covered the once pristine scales. Gouges littered the body of the monster, ripped by the teeth of Deviljho.

He indicated the misshapen bones on a shoulder, muttering low, "One of the wings looks done for after the flight here. A weakpoint?"

"Don't bank on that," came Tattletale's voice through the line. "The wounds all over it, did they stop bleeding?"

Checking, he noted that, for the most part, yes it has. The copious amounts of blood smeared on its body weren't flowing like he would expect, hardening within the many wounds to form—not quite scales—but something tougher than mere wounded flesh.

"I can see the tail from here, and that's the only part yet to staunch. There are scraps of a recently eaten animal. Eating, and sleeping. Is it… healing?"

Logy nodded, too unfamiliar with phones to realize that Tattletale wouldn't see it. "Bioenergy. It's especially strong in the New World. A few days of hunting, and the Rathalos will be right as rain."

"Then it might decide to fly on a bum wing anyway, since that will fix itself with time. Jaune, I want you to focus on the tail."

"Because it's an open wound?"

"Exactly. The damage is too much for it to come back from. Worsen that, and it'd waste the 'bioenergy' on something it can't fix. Chase it, and don't let up."

"You know, it's sleeping. Unmoving. That's the perfect chance to hit hard. I have a—"

She had already read ahead of his thoughts, being the one to assist in organizing his equipment. "Might not be enough. Those scales could mute the impact. Keep it in reserve for a good opportunity, and whittle the monster down. That's the surest method here."

Conceding the point, he drew his sword, while Logy prepared his gunlance. They moved to opposite ends of the Rathalos.

Escha hovered between them, prepared to aid either one. Despite the felyne-sized sword she held, her position as a Palico was geared more towards support for Hunters. According to her proud explanation, Palicoes fought when times called, but they excelled at gathering materials, applying medicines mid-fight, distracting the foe, and a host of other minor roles that allowed the monster Hunters to perform better on a hunt.

What she didn't know, was that Logy informed him on the quiet that the felyne had a penchant for the material gathering part, often to her own detriment, and if Jaune would please keep an eye out for that problem and pull her out of trouble like he did previous, then the Hunter would appreciate it.

At the mouth of the cave, Tattletale waved to him. He signaled back his readiness. She repeated the process with Logy, presumably receiving a similar reply, and proceeded to hold up a hand, fingers splayed. They lowered one by one in a countdown. As the last finger curled, Jaune raised his sword, and chopped at the exposed bone of the tail with all his strength at the same time he heard a shell explode on the snout of the Rathalos.

The monster roused with a roar that shook the cavern, and the fight was on.

Jaune used the opening seconds to the fullest, raining blows on the same spot while the Rathalos was still getting its bearings. The tail swung to the side in a bid to escape the pain, and when that did not work a full-body roll followed to carry the monster out of the nest.

He doggedly chased after the Rathalos as it climbed to its feet. Directly in front of the monster, Logy targeted the head, darting in to slam his lance on the cracked skull, disorienting the Rathalos with each careful swing. Jaune timed his attacks with these moments, shaving the bone thinner slice by slice. The monster had lost much of its control on the tail, and so the clumsy retaliatory sweeps of the limb, along with the wyvern's blind kicks behind it, did almost nothing to hold Jaune at bay.

Thus, soon, his persistence attracted the attention of the Rathalos. Seeing it starting to turn, he dashed in the same direction, sticking to the rear of the monster as it pivoted around. Talons raked thin air, leaving a confused monster to search for its prey. A sharp pain on its tail alerted it, as Logy bashed his gunlance against the damaged bone, cracking it further for Jaune to saw off an additional inch with his blade. With a snarl, the monster twisted his way again, leading with a headbutt.

Logy skipped back, but Jaune caught the full brunt of it. The battering ram of a good two tons met his shield to send him flying to the far wall of the hollow, where he slammed against what felt more akin to concrete than wood, the air blasted out of his lungs.

Gravity peeled him off the wall, and he dropped to the ground.

"Are you alright!?" shouted Tattletale through the phone.

Meh.

The pain was fine, he had experienced worse. Except, woozy, he could only answer with incoherent mumbles, laying there as he tried to get his breath back.

Her state of fright was growing, which he didn't like.

Then, a jar filled with a golden liquid smashed into his face, shattering to splash him with the contents. Drops of it hit his tongue, sending a jolt of energy through him that had Jaune sitting upright with a gasp, inhaling a lungful of air.

"WHOOOO!"

Whatever was in that, it felt like he chugged a pitcher of coffee.

A second jar bonked him on the head, this time covering him in green healing potion, likely intended to heal the bruise that the jar-thrower thought they gave him, not accounting for Aura dampening the blows. He wanted to ask the point of giving a person an extra whack before healing them, but he supposed it was the thought that counts, so he raised a thumbs-up toward the culprit, Escha, receiving one back with her paw in acknowledgment. Bouncing up, he scooped his sword off the ground.

In his absence, the Rathalos had focused on Logy, and Jaune capitalized on the chance to rush back into the fray. An application of [Third Arm] dragged him under the monster and out the opposite side, back in his original spot.

One hit on the tail, and the Rathalos shrieked in anger. The source of its pain just wouldn't leave.

Leathery wings spread wide, taking the Rathalos into the air. Its mouth fell open, gasping with each clumsy flap hampered by misaligned bones and torn wing membranes, but sheer stubborn will got it staying aloft. The ceiling of the hollow was high enough that the monster hovered out of weapon reach. Sparks built between its teeth.

Jaune watched carefully for where the fireball would land, prepping his escape methods.

In an odd maneuver, the Rathalos tucked its head under a wing, facing none among the group.

"Jaune! It's coming for you!"

He grinned. Good to know. "Thanks, Tattletale."

"Yea—don't stop moving!"

He had been in motion when he heard her, rocket-stepping to the side as the Rathalos launched its attack. Not quite understanding the why of it, he nevertheless heeded the warning to keep the triggers pressed, zooming across the ground. It was a good thing he did, because the Rathalos had not spat a fireball, but a long stream of flames that criss-crossed after him.

Light taps against the cavern floor adjusted the trajectory of his rocket boots, letting him escape from the path of the flames time and again, yet the sensation of heat remained on his back. In rage, the Rathalos pushed beyond its normal limits, scorching its own throat, weathering the explosive shells Logy shot from below, all to kill him. Smoke and fire began to drift throughout the space, weighing on their breath, obscuring their sight, wood catching alight.

A boomerang smacked the monster on the nose with a thwack, making it flinch. The beam of destruction, thankfully, cut out.

"Hey, red and angry! Pick on someone your own size!" shouted Escha, four paws extended wide to make herself look as big as possible. Mighty meows resounded to intimidate her foe.

Despite the situation, Jaune had to bark a laugh at her boast, and as the Rathalos sluggishly banked around to roast the felyne, he zipped on by to scoop her up and take them both out of harm's way. A fireball landed behind them.

"Thanks for the save," he said, getting a happy nod from the Palico in return. Then, he addressed his phone, "Tattletale, how long is that thing going to stay up there?"

"Forever. It learned that the ground isn't safe."

"Where's Logy with the flashpod, then?"

"He threw one but the Rathalos barely noticed. This smoke is lessening the impact of it."

A modern explosive appeared in his hand. "A flashbang should take care of that."

"And risks wrecking all of you guys' vision. Drag it outside instead," she suggested.

He considered it. Flying monster in the open air, fighting with a cliff on one side? "Nah. Let me think—I got an idea." The flashbang vanished, replaced by a smoke grenade. Activating it, he tossed the explosive over a shoulder, severing line of sight with the Rathalos.

"Am I going to like this idea?"

"Heh. What a silly question."

Answer's obviously no.

Letting the Palico down, he raced out of the smoke. The Rathalos hadn't detected him yet, head swiveling in vain to peer through hazy darkness. Perfect.

What use was waiting, giving it free license to rain fire on them all? If he cannot make it come to him, then he just has to go to it.

A rocket-step propelled him high into the air. Belatedly, he noticed the weight on one of his legs and glanced down to find Escha had followed him, clinging to his knee. She waved a paw.

Grinning, he allowed her mischief, and aimed a hand at the Rathalos. The tattoo on the back of it shimmered. A shadowy limb burst forth. It slapped the Rathalos across the eyes as the monster turned in his direction, latching on and blinding it long enough for him to soar forward.

His boots stomped on the monster's snout, and he used the momentum to walk on, striding over the head before the Rathalos could react. Escha jumped off him to scamper ahead, racing along its back, while he landed to sit at the base of the neck, gripping the spiky scales as the Rathalos began to thrash about.

"Jaune, what the hell are you doing!?" Tattletale yelled, her voice shrill with panic.

"Yeehaw! Call me Cowboy Jaune from now on!"

"Idiot! Idiooot!"

Or that. Either would fit, really. Hahaha!

Seriously, what was in that drink Escha gave him? He wanted more.

The hovering flight of the Rathalos, already shaky, was thrown further off-balance by his presence. Drifting to one side, it beat its wings at a frantic pace to compensate, head twisting to try and bite Jaune's legs. An admirable stretch of the neck that must have strained its muscles to the utmost placed its mouth at an angle to blast a shallow wave of fire, forcing him to duck.

Once the attack ended, Jaune gave a firm shove that pushed him away from the Rathalos. Freed, it did not waste a second, flying clear. Or it tried, at least. Jaune threw [Third Arm] out to snag it by the lower back now, putting him again on the Rathalos to a truly hateful yowl from his ornery mount.

Fed up, the Rathalos banked hard to face the nearest cavern wall. Jaune gained a clearer idea of its plan as the monster accelerated on a direct course for the surface of the ancient, half-petrified wood. Twisting in the air, it aimed to take the collision on its back.

Yeah, no. Getting squished between the two wasn't his idea of a good time.

"Escha! To me!" The felyne scrambled onto him, and Jaune leapt high just before impact.

The tree hollow shook as the Rathalos crashed into the wall, hurting nothing but itself. Talons scrabbled on the wood, finding purchase and a moment for the Rathalos to recover, after which it launched off in flight once more.

If a wyvern could cry, this one might have. Jaune and Escha touched down on the limply-hanging tail, and grabbed tight. The Rathalos gave a violent shake to dislodge them, failing to its extreme frustration.

Jaune accepted a mallet from the Palico, pulled out of a pouch that almost made him suspect dimensional shenanigans with how much she can fit into it. (That, or good organizational skills, which still counted as magic to him in any case.)

Gripping with his legs, he wound back an arm, then swung down with his full strength to strike the chisel Escha had propped into the broken tail section. A sharp crack rang across the cavern, followed by an ear-splitting shriek. The Rathalos went berserk.

The monster veered, and rolled, and flipped in midair, accepting to wreck the muscles and bones of the maimed wing in the process just so that it may rid itself of the two unwanted passengers. Fire spewed every which way in the hope of clipping them.

[Third Arm] granted Jaune leverage to stay in place and raise the mallet. Escha wasn't needed anymore, the chisel lodged deep in the crevice formed between the bone. It drove an inch further as he smashed the chisel handle with another strong blow.

The keening wail did not sound like it came from a beast at the top of the food chain. No, in this moment, the Rathalos recognized the truth. It was prey.

A whimper followed the third blow. Defiance, after the fourth, with one last ditch effort to bash them against the tree. Resignation at the fifth, it cannot feel sensations in the tail any longer.

The sixth time that the hammer fell, it gave a cry of loss. The tail snapped, held together by flesh and skin that tore with every movement the monster made, dragged down by the sheer weight. Hot blood poured freely from the wound, no stemming or scabbing this time to alleviate the damage, worsened when Jaune carved into it with his sword.

Escha clambered over him as the tail at last severed from the Rathalos. The sudden absence of the weight, and with exhaustion taking hold after the rampage, led to the monster following after the lost limb in a crashing fall.

Jaune jumped from its back, carrying Escha, slowing his descent on each step with light activations of his boots until they landed nearby.

"Good job, you two!" Logy praised as he regrouped with them. "Come on, it's almost over!"

Almost? Shouldn't it be done?

The Rathalos disabused him of that delusion, slowly climbing to its feet. One wing laid crumpled against its body, damaged beyond use, and a thick line of blood trailed behind the monster. The leg broken by the Deviljho had the bones poking through the skin, but one would not think it mattered with how the Rathalos stomped forward.

"How hardy are these things?" Jaune cried, brandishing his weapons.

This time, the Rathalos abandoned flight. Forsook fire. It charged, relying on pure simple mass. If it could not defeat them by everything else, then it still had this.

The cavern shook with the force of its footfalls. It began slow, laborious, growing faster as it picked up momentum. In the end, a car, a truck, a damn train sped towards the party.

"Uhhh, Tattletale? Plan?"

"Run. Duh."

"Logy?"

"I agree. Run."

"Escha?"

"Are you kidding? Run!"

Jaune spun to the side as the party scattered, swiping his sword along the Rathalos in passing, cutting a shallow scratch.

The Rathalos ran on, crashing into the cavern wall. It had been ready for that, angling to take the impact on a shoulder. One leg kicked off the wall, the entire frame of the monster turning to face them. One stomp, two stomps, three stomps, it was gunning to run them over, as many times as it took. Jaune, especially.

"Alright, I've done this before." It's playing matador. He managed to do that against faster opponents. This was no problem.

The Rathalos made another unsuccessful pass. Jaune scored another meaningless attack.

"These guys are so annoying."

The incredible vitality of this world's monsters necessitated a strategy of striking a weakpoint over and over again, breaking one's way in. Strength, his strength rather, wasn't enough. Precision mattered. Perseverance mattered. Keeping the thing pinned so they could shank it in the soft parts mattered.

"Head or tail, Jaune. Anywhere else is too thick to pierce right now."

"If I could get it to stay still, sure."

On the third charge, he jumped straight up. The Rathalos, sensing a chance, reared its head after him.

A shade from getting eaten, Jaune triggered a rocket blast to flip past the monster. He landed right behind it and, spinning, shoved his sword into the tail stump. Accompanying the bestial shriek, blood spurted from the aggravated wound.

It fell far short of a killing blow. There's nothing important there. The monster would fall in time, but not now.

The Rathalos kept moving, yanking Jaune along until he managed to withdraw Crocea Mors. For a moment, it turned its head to look back at him, and he entertained the hope that he had angered it to the point of engaging him in a direct battle. But no, the monster was committed to its course. It reached the wall, and returned for a fourth pass.

Was it even thinking anymore? Or was it betting on him tiring out first?

Letting slip a sigh, Jaune once more got ready to dodge.

Logy threw a wrench in his plan, planting himself in front of the Rathalos with his shield raised high.

"Logy! What are you doing?" he yelled.

"Steady on," the Hunter said. "I've got a plan."

Jaune skipped to the side, then skipped back, torn between moving out of danger and staying to support his teammate. "And this plan is?" He stumbled as Logy tossed the gunlance to him, and he juggled it alongside his sword and shield, ultimately vanishing the latter pair so he could hold the lance with both hands.

The weapon looked like a mishmash of a giant revolver and a jousting lance. It would fit right in with Beacon if not for the animal skin and bone parts meshed among the metal.

"It's simple. I'll make the fella stay in place. You beat it to death."

"I have many questions."

"Ha! It's too late for that. Here we go!"

Finding its targets stationary at last, the Rathalos opened its jaw wide, and pushed itself to speed up.

Jaune rolled aside. He was the only one who did. Logy didn't move, not even at the last second. Teeth met shield, and the Hunter wedged the thing straight inside the mouth of the Rathalos, his feet carving two grooves as he was pushed backward.

The grooves deepened, then caught, digging no further. One would think that would result in Logy being squashed flat by the massive frame of the monster, yet he held firm, knees bending under the force but refusing to buckle.

"You're kidding me," Jaune said, not quite believing it.

The Rathalos was the one to lose momentum, grinding to a halt. It strove to overpower the Hunter, pressing down with all its weight.

Logy turned, and cheerily called over, "Your turn!"

Right. This wasn't the time to gawk.

"Head or tail, huh?" He cast his gaze between two choices.

He first thought to aim for an eye, or the open mouth. The furious push and pull between Logy and the Rathalos prevented a clear shot. The tail was a death of inches, an arduous bloodletting that would require who knew how long. Tattletale interrupted before he could decide.

"Wait, Jaune, what's that spot on its back?"

Jaune blinked, and flicked his eyes up.

There, near the base of the neck, was a spot devoid of scales, revealing the pink flesh beneath.

It was where Escha harvested the scales in their first encounter with the monster. Her light touch had left little trauma there, and so avoided activating the hardening process that would toughen the affected area.

"I think you've got a winner."

"Yeah. I do, too."

An easy rocket–step dropped him onto the monster's back. It noticed, and attempted to dislodge the shield so it could go after him. Logy put a stop to that by jamming the shield further, locking it between the sharp teeth.

Lifting the lance high, Jaune pointed the tip at the unprotected flesh, and stabbed downward as hard as he could. The bone of the Anjanath, honed to an edge, parted the flesh to slide a few inches deep, provoking a roar from the Rathalos.

Jaune furrowed his brow. The attack hadn't been all that impressive, and he was now considering the idea of swapping to Crocea Mors. The lack of the lance's weight meant he wouldn't achieve the same penetrating power, but the speed of his lighter sword—

"Pull the trigger!" Logy shouted from below.

Checking the handle of the gunlance, he located the item in question. It resembled one that would be found on a regular gun. Reversing his grip to hold the weapon the proper way, he obliged Logy's request.

Boom!

With just a light click, a gunlance shell slammed into the Rathalos, right next to the lance tip, striking flesh that had been softened by the first stab. The resulting explosion pushed the lance out.

The Rathalos bucked, nearly throwing Jaune off. Lassoing with [Third Arm] maintained his balance, and he drove the lance into the wound a second time, deeper now. Something clicked as the gun barrel pressed tight against the Rathalos.

Logy called up, "Hit the catch next to the trigger, and pull again! Fullburst!"

Boomboomboomboomboom!

This time, the trigger depressed flat against the handle, and a section of the gun barrel unlocked to unleash the remaining shells in one fell swoop, the explosions combining to blast the gunlance out of the wound. It flew past Jaune, and he strained to keep the lance in his grip while a vibration worked its way up the weapon, up his arm, and thrummed through his whole body. He was standing horizontal, almost, hanging on to the Rathalos like a rappelling mountaineer as it reared back.

Logy, dangling off his shield that was still inside the wyvern's mouth, smashed a flashpod directly into one of its eyes to overwhelm the senses of the Rathalos, blanking out its mind.

During that opening, Jaune stabbed the lance back in the wound, and Logy roared his next order.

"The catch on the other side! Wyrmstake cannon!"

A smaller tube extended, just below the long gun barrel. A sharpened spike rested at the tip, resembling a bayonet. It shot out in a drilling motion, spinning round and round to dig into the Rathalos before setting off in—BOOM!—yet another explosion, this one shattering the layer of bones weakened by the fullburst barrage.

The Rathalos slipped to the ground, on one knee, then the other.

"Brace the lance! Lever at the top!"

Searching for the best stance to do that, he adjusted his grip on the handle, tucking it under his arm. Finding the switch, he thumbed it.

From within the lance there came the sound of fluids racing from one end to the other. It had to be some kind of fuel, because an igniter near the tip of the gun barrel lit a flame. In a flash, Jaune experienced a vision of what would soon follow, and his heart fluttered in anticipation.

"Wyvernfire!"

The Anjanath, long dead, yet breathed again as a jet of flames shot out of the gunlance and straight into the Rathalos, powerful as anything it ever sent at Jaune. White-hot, the intense force was such that it launched the gunlance like a rocket in the opposite direction, taking Jaune with it. He flew in an arc, landing yards away from the Rathalos that was now cooking from the inside.

Lying on the ground, Jaune stared at the cavern ceiling and muttered to himself.

"Oh please, oh please… let me do that again."

Stubbornly, terrifyingly, the Rathalos hadn't died then and there. Crawling, it turned to level a baleful glare at him. Jaune sat up as the monster opened its mouth, seeing the last spark of fire flickering within.

"Yoooou... are entirely too much trouble."

Answering the challenge, Jaune summoned a loaded weapon to hand, grunting as the weight settled on one shoulder. He aimed it directly at the mouth of the Rathalos.

But then, the monster reached the limits of its strength. With a final roar, the Rathalos sank down, expiring where it lay.

He took his finger off the trigger. Suspicious eyes studied the monster for one last trick. Finding none, he relaxed and fell flat on his back.

"Alright, guys. Let's get that Deviljho."

Outside, a signal flare screeched into the sky, lighting up in fireworks to alert their colleagues of their successful hunt.


-o-​


A lone tree grew by the coast, and Jaune sat beneath its shade. Nowhere as big as the ancient tree at the center of the jungle, it was mighty in its own right with the trunk wider than he was tall, and perfect for him to rest against while enjoying the seabreeze blown in from the ocean at his back. Next to him lay a pile of assorted knick-knacks, objects from his Pocket he judged would be unnecessary during the next hour and thus removed to make space for things that were. On his other side, Tattletale huffed and puffed, wiped out by the return trek down from the Rathalos nest.

"Have you ever seen anything like it?"

He was referring to the stampede before them, with creatures big and small rushing out of the jungle in a chaotic scramble. Dinosaurs lumbered in packs that split in halves to run along the coast. Monkey-like lizards scampered underfoot, or clung to larger beasts. Above, colorful tropical birds flew in one great flock.

"Nope…" the tired girl replied in a soft voice. Her eyes were shut, head tilted back. "Means that… it's close…"

He could have figured that out for himself. Unless there was a third big monster hanging around the area, it had to be the Deviljho responsible for the mass exodus. Linca and Reyfer were supposed to lead it here to the rendezvous point.

The first faces he recognized weren't them, though. Logy, accompanied by Escha, exited the jungle from a different direction, making a beeline for them. Escha went ahead, zipping across the ground to climb onto Tattletale's lap, where she offered the girl a jar of golden liquid with both hands.

A small smile tugged at Tattletale's lips, and she accepted the jar with a muttered thanks. As she sipped at the energy medicine, her hand rose to brush through the soft fur of the felyne, eliciting a contented purr; Escha wasn't shy about it, pressing her head into the hand.

Somewhat rejuvenated, Tattletale greeted Logy as he neared, "Got what you needed?"

Logy nodded. "The treetop camp still had a supply of sleep herbs. Took a bit to find the parashrooms, but I fashioned a couple of tranq bombs out of them." He showed them two pink orbs composed of what looked like wadded-up clay. "These will harden in a few minutes, then one good throw can crack them open."

"So that's what they look like… You sure this is enough for a monster?" Jaune asked.

"Two tends to be the amount that affects most species. Any more and it could mess them up when they inhale the fumes, which is a problem if it's a monster we decide to relocate instead of slay."

Tattletale held her chin, studying the bombs. "Things can't be that simple, or the monster hunting gig would end pretty quick. The toxin in those bombs isn't that strong, is it? And really only works when the target is somewhat worn down."

"Exactly," Logy said. "Toss these at the Deviljho now and it wouldn't do a thing. If it's already half-unconscious? Knocks the fella right out for our retrieval crews to move."

That still sounded dead useful to Jaune. A method to shorten battles, to retreat from danger, or, say, to put a dragon in a position for him to strike a decisive blow? Color him intrigued.

"This could have been useful when we fought the Rathalos," he remarked.

Logy pulled a face. "No way, nuh-uh. Guild regulations are clear on that, and I agree with them. Overuse of these when they were first invented bit us in the butt. They're best for the ones we want to capture and nothing else. If we're slaying a monster, we do it right. They have the same reasons to live as we do."

"The responsible slaying of monsters, huh?" Jaune said, musing on the concept. On Remnant, that involved massive firepower, the bigger the better, until the Grimm population of an area hit zero. Although, he had to admit that this universe didn't face the same sort of foes. Monsters here weren't evil, from what he had seen. Vicious, pissed off, and gluttonous, but not evil. And so, for all the tricks and traps that Hunters employed, they gave the monsters a chance to fight for their lives.

Jaune wasn't as sure about that last part, because seeing the trees collapsing in the distance was hitting every alarm button. His instincts screamed at him to either run, or kill whatever was the cause of that.

He jumped to his feet, and recapped, "Step one: Tire it out. Step two: put it to sleep. Got it."

"Shouldn't be too hard," Tattletale chirped, peppier now with the super-coffee she just drank. Brushing off her outfit, she got up and moved to the stretch of sand set further down the coastline, where she had planted the camouflage cloak. Ducking to the other side of it, she vanished in a blink, with her next words coming from his phone. "Good luck, Jaune."

"Easy-peasy," he said, psyching himself up.

His preparations were simpler. They didn't want the Deviljho near the tree, and the knot of vines strung on the branches, just yet. It was a contingency to keep in the back pocket. The area in front of it featured mostly flat ground, with a few outcroppings. That would be their battlefield, and he advanced into the center of the space. The others joined him there, and not a moment too soon.

Their missing members sprinted into the open, arms and legs pumping.

A distance behind them, the Deviljho barreled out of the dense foliage in all its green T-Rex glory. With spittle flying and each step leaving a groove in the dirt, it mounted a charge that none dared stop.

The Hunters have left their mark on it, however. The Deviljho breathed in heavy gasps as it ran, stomach starved of food and growling, with some of the exterior teeth broken, presumably due to Linca smacking it with her hammer. The scorch marks, mud splatters, and unrepentant grins on the two Hunters' faces spoke of a wild time fending off their target. Neither carried worse than superficial wounds, and seemed in fighting shape.

"We dropped a dang cliff on it!" Reyfer boasted upon reaching them.

Logy raised a thumb. "Nice!"

Yet despite that, Devijho survived. Jaune once again marveled at monster physiology. Frankly, this one might be beyond them. Good thing they didn't have to kill it.

And if it could survive a rockslide…

The Hunters drew their weapons, and they along with Jaune fanned out in a loose half-circle, dividing the monster's attention. The tactic was doubly effective on the ever-ravenous Deviljho, now rocked by indecision on which prey to eat first. It'd get to them all, of course, that was never a doubt in its mind, but the choice of appetizer could set the tone for the whole meal.

Lucky Boy Jaune received that honor. He would have liked to attribute that to a magnetic charisma or dashing good looks, except he had the sneaking suspicion it was more because he dressed in a flashy white and red poncho, the colors blaring his presence.

The Deviljho unhinged its jaw, the mouth opening impossibly wide, head lowering until its chin scraped the ground at the perfect height to scoop him in.

"Might want to move there, just saying."

"Yeah, yeah, I will." He summoned a long metal tube, propping it on a shoulder. It was what he would have used on the Rathalos, but never got the chance. "After this. Bets on it surviving a rocket launcher?"

The responsible slaying of monsters called for the most super ethical of weapons.

"...Where are you putting the shot?" Tattletale was game.

Taking a knee, he aimed the rocket launcher. At this distance, and with how big the monster was, he couldn't miss. And there was only one target he could go for, as it blocked the bulk of the Deviljho from sight.

Observing from her hiding place, Tattletale figured out his intentions. "Ah. Dead as a sandwich, then. Bet."

Jaune pulled the trigger. A line of smoke trailed the rocket as it shot straight down the gullet of Deviljho.

The monster jerked its head, swallowing on instinct.

BOOM!

The explosion rocked the Deviljho, sending it stumbling. Its belly distended with the force of the blast, bulging in an almost cartoon fashion. A slip, and the monster struck the ground with a slam that raised tremors below their feet. It laid on its side, twitching, with a column of roiling smoke rising from the open mouth.

In that moment, Jaune became the envy of all the Hunters as they stared at the rocket launcher.

"Sooo, did I win the bet—I didn't!? It's still alive! Holy crap!" Tattletale gasped in realization. "They're a species that eats everything, even trees and dirt. To digest that… The stomach is probably the toughest organ in a Deviljho!"

"Pretty much what I thought," Jaune said. "The thing shrugged off a rockslide."

She scoffed. "There's no way you predicted it would live through this."

He didn't. In truth, he was also hoping with all his might that it dies when he pulled the trigger, capture be damned. Because if it lived, then it was going to be pissed. At him.

The Deviljho rolled onto its stomach. Scarlet eyes locked on Jaune, and the monster growled through its teeth.

A change came over the Deviljho as it laid there. The smoke pouring from its mouth took on a new consistency, thicker and scattering ominous sparks. With a tearing sound, the scaly hide on the back and shoulders of the monster split apart in long seams, the muscles beneath swelling to bulge through the gaps. The exposed flesh pulsed with a red glow, slowly spreading to the head of the monster—at which point Jaune recognized what was happening.

The Deviljho had gotten really, really angry. And that gave it a power-up.

"I might have made a mistake."

Logy laughed good-naturedly. "Don't say that! You did great! Fella may act tough, but that did hurt it badly. See how it's trembling?"

"That's not rage?" Hope sprang in his chest.

Then the other man killed it.

"It's not all rage. There's damage being done inside, where we can't see." Logy pointed with his lance. "So, new plan, everybody. No need to defend yourselves, there's nothing on Deviljho's mind except Jaune. Just focus on attacking."

"And what about me?" Jaune whimpered asked in a calm and collected manner, very much holding out doubts on this strategy.

"You, my friend, will be putting your strange abilities to use, and—"

"Run, Jaune, run!"

"What she said."

Jaune looked at the monster bracing one leg under itself, then the other, before pushing off the ground. The whole time, its gaze refused to stray from him. The red glow had reached the eyes, and the monster growled hoarsely through a scorched throat.

"Oh, joy."

The growl ramped up into a roar, screamed to the sky, as the Deviljho broke into a new charge. Long strides carried it on top of them in a matter of seconds. The head reared, jaw spread wide to let Jaune count the rows and rows of sharp fangs.

"My, what big—"

The head slammed down, crushing the spot he just vacated. Rock and dirt flew high in a spray, some hitting Jaune as he floated in the air.

He tried to calm his breathing, a hand over his thundering heart. "Fast, aren't you?"

A red eye flicked in his direction.

Jaune cleared another hundred yards at a sickening speed, because oh wow can that thing stretch! The monster was standing vertical on tip-toes, the massive jaw clamped shut way past Jaune's previous position, which would be somewhere around the height of the stomach now. Legs tucked into his chest, he looked down, gulping in apprehension at how close that had been.

Then, he put out a hand and summoned the boulder in his Pocket. The size of a person, and many times denser, it immediately dropped, bashing the Deviljho right on the nose to make it go cross-eyed.

His other hand took a picture with his scroll.

Heh. Throwing out most of his stuff to free up room was so worth it.

"Jaune, twenty seconds," Tattletale warned.

Already? Time really flies on rocket boots. Shutting off the power, he fell after the Deviljho. Near the ground, he began rocket-stepping to slow down, angling to land beside his rock while the Deviljho was still shaking off the hit to the face. A tap and it returned to his Pocket, primed for a second run should the opportunity arise.

Meeting the eyes of the Hunters hard at work chipping away at the ankles, he saluted them before escaping ahead of the monster. They went ignored by the Deviljho as it pursued him with single-minded focus, especially since they stayed in place rather than joining the chase.

Logy, in particular, had turned toward the beach and was signaling at Tattletale. A few moments after that, her voice spoke to Jaune from the phone, relaying what the Hunter said.

"Circle around, and come back to them. Do your best to stay low to the ground so their attacks can reach the head. Stunning the monster will make it easier for the tranq bombs to take effect." She continued the explanation as he followed the instruction and banked to the left. "Basically, we want to scramble those brain signals hard before adding the toxin to the mix."

"You make it sound so simple," he said, half-jesting.

The other half was pure adrenaline giving him a case of motor-mouth, because his route allowed the monster to cut on an angle to intercept him, which it did, and he was coming into range. He watched the teeth.

He should have watched the tail.

The shape of the Deviljho lent it an impression that was easy to underestimate. Long, fat, and green…honestly, it looked like a pickle. One would think it clumsy, and lazy. The way it pivoted on the balls of its feet was anything but, resembling the graceful movement of a dance more than anything.

A dancing pickle.

The tail whipped through the air, a solid block covering the height of a double-decker bus at its thickest, and almost as tall as Jaune at the thinnest.

Launching [Third Arm] to pull him, Jaune ducked low in a slide. Not low enough. The tail cracked him on the chin.

Momentum continued to carry him forward. He hit the ground, bounced, hit it again, bounced again. Unable to tell up from down, his attempt at recovery via rockets scraped his face on the earth for a good length, eating dirt the whole way.

Salvation came in the form of abs with him smacking face-first into Linca, who had missed the catch. Rock hard, they were still softer than the monster bones she wore as armor, so he was quite grateful for that.

"Owwww…" he said in thanks.

It was the best he could manage at the moment.

"You did good, Jaune!" Logy praised, slapping him on the back with the others quick to pile on. "You did good!"

"Owwww…" ("Glad to hear it!")

An energy shot from Escha got him standing in time to meet the Deviljho. He waved for the Hunters to split to either side, leaving him alone in the lane. Shadowy wisps wrapped around his hand, and he tapped his heels impatiently, stamping light scorch marks below.

He was beginning to get a grasp on the monster. The speed it can bring to bear meant he shouldn't move early, lest it adjust for the maneuver. Put a lot of distance between them, also a mistake. For the Deviljho, its size was a weapon, and the sweeping blow reflected that. Leave space, and it filled the space.

Evade, but keep within a tight area. That was the key.

The chin of the monster hit the ground, driving a wide groove as the mouth stretched wide.

[Third Arm] extended out. Not to the full extent it could be. Not even half. A long hop's length. A tug, and he turned on his heels to watch the Deviljho brush past, smiling as he listened to the sound of explosive shells and Linca's hammer cracking the monster on the chin—revenge by proxy, he considered it. A step back avoided the wider bulk of the body.

The monster dug its talons down to bleed away the momentum, swinging around. To help it locate him, Jaune brought out one of the few firearms he kept on him—there weren't many that still had bullets—and popped off a couple of rounds, the loud noise attracting its attention.

It didn't rush this time, needing two strides to close the distance. The head reared, a familiar tell. Jaune backstepped as the ground exploded before him, one hand raised over his eyes to ward off the spray of debris, then skipped behind Linca to give her room to slap her hammer on the chin again.

Reyfer got his own licks in, eliminating an eye with his bowgun projectiles to elicit a screech. The Deviljho almost lost interest in Jaune at that point, averted with him peppering the other eye with gunfire. The threat of total blindness refocused it real quick, and Jaune had to dodge another chin slam.

A number of exterior teeth were knocked loose with that attack. Jaune wondered if the monster realized.

Linca broke a couple more, and Jaune sticking around to bait the Deviljho soon made him her favorite person in the world as she went to town with her hammer. The massive chin became pockmarked with craters under her hand, faults forming through repeated strikes.

A cheer went up among the party as they witnessed the first of those faults shattering to reveal a softer meat beneath the hard outer carapace.

By this point, the Deviljho hated all of them, not just Jaune. With multiple annoyances scurrying underfoot, it chose to attack every single one at once. Corded muscles flexed as the monster squatted, then leapt upward.

"Scatter!" Jaune and Logy both shouted.

Reyfer was already safely outside range. A sprinting Logy scooped Escha into his arms in passing. Linca dove clear.

Jaune slipped below the now falling Deviljho, dropped his rock there, and blasted his rockets at full power to escape the area.

The Deviljho came down, and one foot landed right on the boulder. Its weight drove the rock into the ground, but not before the monster slipped on the unexpected impediment. Instead of two feet, the entire frame of the Deviljho landed on its side, kicking up an earthquake that had everyone stumbling.

When they regained their footing, it was still lying down. Identical grins grew on their faces.

Jaune pointed at the monster. "Charge!"

The Hunters gladly obliged, rushing in from every direction to unleash their most devastating attacks. To Jaune's eternal jealousy, Logy got the chance to pull off the full breadth of gunlance functions, drilling into the broken gap. A massive bowgun bolt struck the same spot, exploding to widen the wound, helping to prepare it for the third Hunter of the party.

Linca, caught on the opposite end of the monster, ran up an incline with her hammer wound back. Taking a jump, she threw the heavy weapon forward, and followed the momentum to spin round and round in a tight revolution that repeatedly smashed the hammer all along the length of the Deviljho, carrying her ever closer to her target.

From the phone, Jaune heard Tattletale groaning through a headache. She's an odd girl, smart yet sometimes confused by the simplest of concepts.

The final hammer blow slapped the Deviljho in the cratered chin, and with a sudden jerk, the monster relaxed in a boneless stupor.

Red, glowing muscles faded in color, shrinking to fit within the skin.

They had stunned it.

Reyfer called over, "Logy, toss the—"

"Way ahead of you!" The pellets were already in his hand, and the Hunter pitched them at the Deviljho, They shattered against the snout, releasing puffs of pink smoke that the monster inhaled in one breath.

Nobody moved, or made a sound. Six sets of eyes stared hard at the monster, waiting for a reaction.

Just as they began to let their guards down…

It twitched.

"Uh-oh," Logy said, utterly failing to convey the trouble they were in.

With laborious effort, the Deviljho rolled to its feet. It swayed like a drunken sailor, but remained upright. The working eye rolled in their socket, bleary and lost, taking a long time to find the party. Though once it did, it never left them for a second. A rumbling growl rose from its throat, matching the one in the stomach. Hate did not spur it on this time. It was ravenous.

"You didn't exhaust it enough," Tattletale explained, rather unnecessarily.

"Yeah, I think we got that," Jaune said. "What now?"

Logy answered, "Heh heh. That's why we have backup plans. Lead it to the tree!"

They retreated in a disorganized mob, sure in the knowledge that their foe would pursue the snacks on legs that it saw them as. There was little grace in the mighty footfalls now, the Deviljho too groggy to stay on a straight course.

Reaching the tree, they ran beneath the outstretched branches, guiding the monster so that it would travel through the same spot. Jaune rocket-stepped to draw level with the foliage, among the criss-crossing network of vines. Many had been cut free beforehand, with just the two key tree branches that Tattletale identified left intact to support the arrangement.

As the Deviljho passed under him, he swung his sword to sever these last connections. The cords of thick, hardy vines fell onto the Deviljho, and in the subsequent struggle tangled hopelessly around it. Once more, it crashed to the ground.

"Good!" Logy said as Jaune landed beside the Hunters. "Alright, everyone." He cast his gaze across the party, meeting their eyes one by one. "This is it. The finish. Either we exhaust it, and the tranq bomb toxins take effect, or we slay the Deviljho for good. Whichever course it shall be, none could deny that this was our greatest hunt to date!"

Linca, Reyfer, Escha, and Jaune raised their weapons to the sky, and roared their approval.

"Now, let's get that Deviljho!"

No sooner as he said it, a tranquilizer dart flashed by the group, zipping straight into the monster's nostril, causing it to sneeze a glob of mucus. A second dart joined the first. Then another. All were shot with unerring accuracy despite the target twisting and turning in a wrestling bout with the vines.

By themselves, they would do little to a creature of that size. Combined with the toxin already wrecking havoc inside, the flagging strength, and the many blows to the face… they did just enough to push the monster over the edge of unconsciousness.

The red eye blinked. It blinked again, slower. The third time the eyelid fell shut, it did not open.

Slowly, the head lowered to rest on a layer of vines. The Deviljho ceased to struggle.

Snores soon arose.

The people standing over the sleeping monster turned their heads in the same direction. Their gazes landed on a stretch of sand along the coast, where a girl posed with hips cocked and a crossbow held aloft. Smiling sweetly, she greeted them with a wave, wiggling her fingers.

Tattletale stole their kill!


-o-​


The wooden gates opened, allowing passage to the procession.

First through were the lumbering dinosaurs used as beasts of burden, dragging behind them a cart the length of a cargo truck. The Rathalos rested upon the cart, and sunlight cast a rippling shimmer on the red scales to draw the eye.

A second cart trailed the first, and if the last one attracted attention, then this one commanded it. A monster never seen in the New World. A species thought to exist only across the sea. Known as "World Eaters' for their all-devouring hunger, a Deviljho crossed the gates. Alive.

Among the onlookers, a researcher dropped the stacks of thesis papers in her arms, and salivated. A gluttonous Hunter looked at the puny bird drumstick he was eating, then at the legs of the Deviljho, and did the same.

After them came the heroes of the hour. Monster Hunters, and two strangers. A rousing cheer greeted their arrival, and that was how Jaune got his first look at Astera.

More outpost than settlement, Astera was built for function. Built as shelter and defense in one. Beyond all that, it was built—

"Are those ships?"

Logy laughed, and turned around to spread his arms wide.

"Welcome, you two, to Astera! Where ships are houses!"

He hadn't been kidding. The people of Astera ascribed to the idea that anything can serve a second purpose. The multi-level outpost stretched its way up a waterfall, and comprised dozens of ships recycled after completing their voyage to these lands. Hulls and sails formed freestanding roofs to provide shade for the port, in one case with an entire clipper turned upside-down to be raised aloft by ship masts. The floors were made of deck planks, as were the bridges crisscrossing the inlet. Ships rammed into rocks became buildings, move-in ready, stacking one on top of another to create a residential district.

Above the settlement, resting on separate rock spires, there balanced two halves of a ship prevented from collapsing solely by the support beams connecting them.

Tattletale shook her head at the haphazard construction. "It's a madhouse…"

So she judged. That wasn't the impression that Jaune received as he followed Logy and the others through the shipyard, turning every which way to take in the sights. The individual parts may seem messy and chaotic, the many voices and meows merging in a rowdy din, but everyone moved with purpose, whether human or felyne. Running, in cases. Always off to somewhere, a destination on their mind. A thousand different stories, tied to one unified goal.

And that was the Guild. The Research Commision of the New World.

Here, the city never slept. Never stopped advancing.

Reyfer the gunner soon split off from the party to go report their findings, heading to a corner of the outpost where a grizzled old man that looked like he bench-pressed people for fun stood at the head of a table strewn with maps and notes. That old man met Jaune's gaze across the distance, before glancing to Tattletale, keen eyes scrutinizing what did not belong amidst the tableau that was Astera. He then broke into laughter, giving the pair an approving nod.

Jaune got the feeling that this was a man who would very much enjoy hearing about the impending Rath species influx.

Directed onto a platform lift, he marveled at the water-wheel pulley system that carried them to one of the overhead bridges. There was a rough simplicity to it that hid the ingenuity of the Astera locals.

As they stepped off it, Linca bade leave, adjusting the sack of modern firearms on her shoulder while pointing toward the entrance to a nearby building. An orange glow, and heat, emanated from the open doors.

"I will go put in the equipment orders now. That way, they can rush it for when you leave tomorrow." The Hunters had voiced their full confidence that the guns—especially the rocket launcher—and remaining bullets Jaune was leaving behind for them would be more than sufficiently interesting to the smiths to wrangle them that favor. "Final call, you are definitely fine with the shares?"

Jaune nodded. "We can't stick around for the days it would take for the Deviljho to be studied, so it only makes sense you get the parts from it. And I should ask you the same question. The Rathalos—"

"Is one of the many to come," she finished for him, with Logy and Escha humming in agreement. "We will soon be up to our ears in Rathalos gear. The Deviljho is… rare. Very rare. The bones would make for a wonderful hammer." The hammer enthusiast pumped her fists in anticipation.

Faced with her eagerness, he could only chuckle. "Fair enough."

Both sides were getting the best of it, so what was there to complain about?

Well…

After Linca left, Jaune turned to Logy. "I still think it's best we leave now. That portal gets finicky once our reason to be in a world is over."

Logy would have none of it.

"You earned those monster parts, and you earned your rest for the day. That's what a hunt is. If your portal is so smart like you said then it'd know that."

Tattletale facepalmed. "And I told you that's not how it works! A sophisticated program doesn't equate sentience, or understanding!"

The mad shrugged his shoulders. "The portal is in the mosswine grove, right? The retrieval squads are spreading the news around now. Our people going into the forest tonight will check on it. If oddities spring up like you warn us, we'll tell you right away. Otherwise, why worry?"

It wasn't the first time they had this argument, or the fifth. The Hunters had insisted on celebrating. Once they learned that the portal in Dunwall took time to spread, and had started to revert the moment the two of them left that universe, no dire warnings would persuade them from this course.

"Just…" Jaune gave up. "Just don't touch it."

"We're a careful lot, didn't ya know? Now, come on! You need to experience a real meal!"

That was another point of contention between them. The locals had been aghast upon hearing what Jaune considered a proper-sized dinner, let alone Tattletale and her tiny portions. Linca even cried tears of sympathy for the pair.

Jaune would be lying if he said he wasn't tempted. Forget dino nuggies, he could eat dragon meat!

Or, well, wyvern. Whatever. Those counted. If anyone has a problem with it, they can make their objections known, like with his title (proven twice more on this most glorious day!) of dragonslayer.

Heading in the opposite direction of the forge, they arrived at the bustling canteen. Set on an overlook, it allowed a stellar view of the outpost and surrounding lands. That wasn't what caught Jaune's eye.

Cats.

Felyne chefs cooked food in cat-shaped rock ovens carved from the cliff decorated with cat art. One among the chefs stood out, and not for the deference that the others gave him. The brawny felyne had muscles on his muscles, bulging beneath the fur.

He took one look at Jaune and Tattletale, and balked.

"Who starved these children!?"

Logy waved his arms in denial. "Nobody did!"

"You lie," the felyne hissed. Slamming his oversized knife on a cutting board, he pointed at Jaune. "He's scrawny." The word carried the sort of horror-struck grief that one used with phrases like 'It's too late for him' and 'what monster would do this.'

Quietly, Jaune flexed his arm, poking at a bicep to check his physique. He wasn't scrawny… was he?

Tattletale gave him an odd look.

"And he wouldn't be, if you fed him, Meowscular Chef," Logy countered. "That's why we're here after our hunt, so that they can bulk up like you're always saying." He leaned over the stone counter, lowering his voice. "Get this. They've never eaten wyvern."

Meowscular Chef (and that has to be a nickname, right?) gasped.

"That girl thinks tomatoes are 'kind of gross.'"

Meowscular Chef fainted into the arms of his assistants.

"Oh, and they said two chicken eggs is enough protein for the day."

That was the final straw. Even the other felynes in the kitchen looked offended. They roared (meowed) a warcry alongside Meowscular Chef, who began shouting orders to his subordinates, screaming about how Jaune and Tattletale were in desperate need of 'gains.'

Logy smiled evilly as he led them to a free table, nabbing two extra seats for their absent members in the process. "My friends, we are eating good tonight! After hearing that, I doubt Meowscular Chef is gonna let any of us leave before the fifth course."

"...Tell me you're joking," replied Tattletale. There's a slight quaver to her voice to suggest she might already know the answer.

Escha, climbing into the seat next to her, lightly patted the girl on the arm and shook her head.

Tattletale paled, while Jaune pounded a fist on the table's stone surface, signaling his acceptance of the challenge.

The open-air canteen was giving him a front row seat to the chefs at work, and his stomach growled at the scene. Slabs of meat heavier than him were being sliced into inches-thick strips, or tenderized into patties. Fire blazed in the rock ovens, and the hearty aroma of grilling fish wafted over the air. Golden grains of fried rice danced merrily in a giant wok.

In no time at all, a feast laid before the party, one that Jaune doubted they could finish, and that's counting Reyfer and Linca who had rejoined them at the table. Then he saw the chefs start on the second course.

Oh, boy.

His first taste of dragon meat, Jaune fell in love. The steak measured thick as his arm, yet was so tender after cooking that it tore with the lightest of bites. It didn't taste like any animal he had ever eaten, boasting a natural spicy tang that paired well with the flagon of honey mead they gave him. Veggies made their way into every dish, so crisp and fresh were they that he could imagine his body swelling with energy for each stalk of carrot or lettuce leaf consumed.

…Exactly like that, in fact. Eating the food didn't weigh on his stomach, didn't bloat him. Rather, it made him feel like he could run a marathon real quick before returning to continue the meal. The flavors seemed to almost sharpen the more he ate, the vividness of the ingredients striking differently on his tongue than minutes earlier.

Tattletale stared as he blazed through the dishes to advance to the second course. When she managed to push herself to the second course, he was on the third. She, and Escha, threw in the towel there. He went for fourths.

The Hunters were on their sixth. Yeah, even he had to take a step back and say 'enough' there.

It was around that point, sitting there snacking on morsels, chatting to the Hunters while listening with half an ear to Escha pestering Tattletale for stories of other worlds, that the thought struck him.

Today was his first true hunt.

No life-threatening ambush that forced him to fight. No complicated mess that he had to untangle. He found news of a monster causing trouble, and gathered a team to chase after it. Bringing it down, he got paid. After a hard day's work, the world became a little safer because of him. It was the life he signed up for.

But what he remembered, what he treasured were the unhurried, lighthearted times. The stroll through the woods, learning of the local fauna and flora. Chatting with Logy and Escha as they climbed a tree that was more akin to a mountain. Taking in the views.

It clashed with the lessons taught at Beacon. There, they pushed the value of speed and expediency, the need to focus on the battle before all else. In time, he would have learned to shut down his thoughts, good or ill, until a Grimm was dead. Nothing mattered but that a Huntsman completed his hunt without delay. The people of Remnant depended on it, each and every day.

Living was for when the job was done.

Here, always, the Hunters lived. Even as they hunted, they lived.

He envied them. Envied that the world did not wish for them to die. That, for all that they struggled, they could exist in harmony with nature. That they laughed because they wanted to, not because they had to. It seemed to him a fairer world.

Perhaps that was why he had let these guys convince him to stay the night.

Pushing a smile to his face, he snatched up a dino drumstick, and took a great big bite of it as he rejoined the revelry, joking with the Hunters and recounting to them tales of his adventures.

Tomorrow was another day. In this moment, as the sun set over Astera, Jaune chose to fool himself for a little while longer.

And dreamt that this was the life he was meant to live.


-o-​


The next morning, Jaune walked out of the forge, having donned his latest set of equipment.

Coming to a stop in front of Tattletale, he spun in place to let her see it from all angles, before spreading his arms. "So? How's it look?"

Tattletale leaned closer, chin in hand, to scan him up and down for a good long while. Afterwards, she rendered her judgement.

"Very samurai. Very…" Her eyes darted to the side, and she waffled for a bit before looking back at him. "Very Japan," she decided.

Jaune beamed. "You like it, then?"

The smile faded somewhat when she refused to answer that question.

Well, he loved it, and that's what mattered. Rathalos scales and metal plates lined with the wing membrane had reduced the roiling heat of the forge to a warm breeze, and he was also quite pleased with how the tests of the defensive properties turned out. A heavy sword blow deflected off his arm with barely a scratch to his Aura, whereas before a bigger chunk would have been lost.

Nobody could say the armor set was subtle, of course. The red and black scales rippled in the light, covering him from head to toe—no footwear, as he requested, but the smiths crafted an outer layer that could be attached to his rocket boots. Sharp spikes were placed in strategic places to enable unarmed strikes. A full helm hid his face, the eyes barely visible behind a slit. Overall, it combined to lend an aggressive image. This armor was forged for battle, not games.

And not for strolling down a modern city street. People in Vale understood a Huntsman's need for a few bits of armor, sure. A few. Manufactured from normal materials. With a giant lizard making up the majority of the outfit, they would be giving him side-eyes the whole time.

"This would probably have to be kept in the Pocket, huh?"

Tattletale nodded. "I'd recommend it. Staying under the radar has worked in our favor so far. Is it hard to put on?"

"Not at all," Jaune denied. "If I hurry, two minutes tops? The armorsmiths added a bunch of little ways they showed me to help speed things up."

"Two minutes? That's pretty good. Unless it's a threat coming out of left field, you can wear regular clothes to blend in and change over when you think you'd need to fight…" Trailing off, she studied him again. "Hey, can you…"

"What?"

"Let's say the armor is in your Pocket. Can you pull it out and have it appear on your body? Instead of in your hand?"

Jaune went to answer, paused, and thought it over.

"I don't know?" was his conclusion. "I've never tried." From the beginning, using his hand just seemed more intuitive.

"Do, then. It could turn two minutes into two seconds," she advised, a pleased smile growing as he nodded. "Now, where's your shiny new whacking stick? I want to see!" Snickering, she made a show of peeking here and there, knowing damn well where it was.

They appeared from thin air. Taking her advice to heart, he had visualized the shield coming to hand with the strap around his forearm, and the result suggested Tattletale may have struck on an interesting idea that very much warranted further exploration.

Similar to Crocea Mors, it was what's referred to as a heater shield, leading Jaune to wonder if perhaps its maker had a sense of humor. A sense of irony, too, seeing as it incorporated parts from the back of the Rathalos, specifically the section just behind the spot he pulverized. Scales colored in red and black traced the shape of the spine, the raised ridge serving to deflect blows to either side.

A heat-resistant heater shield, protecting with materials that couldn't protect its last owner.

It tanked a barrage of explosive shells earlier, though, so he won't complain. The smiths knew their craft.

In his other hand, he held what Tattletale mockingly called his 'whacking stick,' and he hated how apt a term it was. The gunlance was, in essence, exactly that. A big stick that he can deploy in situations where a small stick won't cut it.

He had inquired about an upgrade to Crocea Mors at first. The blacksmith had taken one look at the blade and bopped him on the head with a pair of tongs for asking silly questions. It wasn't possible to smelt metal and Rathalos bone together in a continuous whole. A sword of monster parts would constitute an entirely different sword than Crocea Mors. In the end, a thin strip of Rathalos scales, shaved from the outermost surface layer, wrapped around the handle for a better grip, and that was the furthest extent of changes there.

New fabrication was a simpler matter. Reflecting a sort of Hunter philosophy, the bulk of the lance came from the tail he cut; his achievement, now finding purpose as his weapon. Thicker and shorter than a jousting lance, the part above the handle was divided into two sections.

A lower gun cylinder half, reinforced with Rathalos materials cinched together with metal supports to handle the exhaust heat arising from the various incendiary functions contained within, from the explosive shells, to the wyrmstake cannon, to the wyvernfire.

A less complicated lance half, doubling as a casing for the gun barrel hidden within. The tip was shaped from the main tail spike of the Rathalos, which blended in with the dark metal surround it.

The weight and balance would take getting used to. Still, it can swing hard, stab well, and go boom. What's not to like?


Red Rook
Universe: Monster Hunter
A lance. It's also a gun.
Long, thick, and hard. With this in hand, one may roar with the might of Rathalos.
Disclaimer: Not intended for use with one's Flame Atronachs.


"Wowee, look who's a proper Hunter now!" called a voice.

Jaune and Tattletale turned to see three monster Hunters stepping off the platform lift near the forge. Logy was the first to reach them, and he observed Jaune's Rathalos gear with approval, the gunlance in particular.

"Metal casing? Nice. I prefer bone, myself, but the Anjanath is better for that. Theirs are denser."

With the expert present, Jaune fell into discussion with the man on the intricacies of the weapon, comparing gunlances.

The gunlance was more finicky than, for example, a hammer. It required taking apart from time to time for maintenance, the way a gun would. Combat-wise, the gunlance and shield combo shared certain principles at the base level with his current sword and shield style, but the disparity in sizes meant he would need to accommodate fighting at a different speed, along with a host of other changes. Logy had a hundred such tips to impart, and Jaune eagerly memorized them.

Soon, though, he had to ask. "Soooo… what's with the barrel?"

Set between Reyfer and Linca, who had carried it all the way up here, it was bursting with plants, fruits, cured meats, potion jars, bug cages, ammunition shells, and various odds and ends.

Logy skipped back next to his teammates, and the trio flourished their hands at the barrel.

"It's our gift for you two!"

"Ain't we awesome?"

"I included my personal stock of Dodogama jerky. It is delicious."

Tattletale narrowed her eyes at the theatrics.

"They're hiding something."

Logy clasped a hand over his heart, wounded. "What? How silly!"

"Wait wait wait," Jaune interrupted, pointing at the barrel. "Where did you get these from?"

"Bought'em, obviously," Reyfer answered. "We weren't about to scrounge them up all in a morning, but the quartermaster stores are always a sure bet for picking things up on short notice."

"Felyne fur…" Tattletale muttered.

Logy said quickly. "Escha helped with it."

Whatever mystery Tattletale was stuck on this time, Jaune didn't know. He was more concerned with the fact that these three spent their money on so much stuff. It couldn't have been cheap.

"I can't take this. I mean, it's necessary supplies that you can use for yourself!"

"That so? You want to give it back?" said Logy. "And what if we say we'll throw it in the harbor first thing? That sounds like a fun idea, don't you think, Linca?"

Linca nodded with a dead serious expression.

"I…" Jaune paused, searching their eyes. He sighed. "Seriously, guys?"

"Just accept it, Jaune. We thought this over already." A slight smile flashed across Logy's face. "This is a decision everyone agreed would be good."

Reyfer turned to Logy. "I don't know, on second gander, his weak noodly arms might not be able to lift the barrel. Maybe we should get 'im a cart."

Jaune snorted at the joke. Wiping the beginning of a teardrop from his eyes, he affected a playful tone. "Yeah? Did you forget about my magic trick, Reyfer?" He placed a hand on the barrel.

And as the barrel vanished, he did, indeed, see them panicking as they recalled he had the ability to pull his possessions into his Pocket.

"What the—" Jaune stared at the cat that had appeared where the barrel once stood. A felyne, to be specific. "Escha? Why were you in the barrel!?"

"Ehehe…" Escha rubbed her ear with a paw, nervous.

Jaune whipped his head to the three Hunters. "Did you guys know about this?"

"They did," Tattletale confirmed before they could.

The story spilled out from there.

Escha had asked for their help last night, after Jaune and Tattletale went to bed, and the group concocted this plan. Since they intended to put together a parting gift anyway, why not store it all in a barrel? Then rig a false bottom for Escha to hide inside? That way, she could come along through the portal, and go explore other universes!

"I told you that I still don't know if the portal is anything but a one-way trip!" Jaune scolded them.

They didn't get it. Or they did, and didn't care. To the cat, the risk of leaving forever would be worth it for the chance of a lifetime.

Her friends? They were cheering her on, telling her to follow her dream.

"Look, Jaune. Even if she isn't here, we'll know she's doing okay out there, and that's enough for us," Logy explained, pointing to the sky and what lay beyond.

Jaune retorted, "There's a thousand things that could kill us, kill her, during our travels!"

"Are you going to let it happen without a fight?" Linca asked, quirking an eyebrow.

"Well… no."

"Then we don't see a reason to worry," Logy said. "Like you told me before, there's not always monsters out there, and I want Escha to experience that kind of place. It's her curiosity that led her to the New World, and now it's leading her to her next destination, with you. And someday, Escha will find her way home, where she'd tell us all about her adventures. This isn't farewell."

These guys…

They were too carefree, too hopeful. Too good.

Appealing to their emotions was impossible, when the strength of their hearts were already guiding their actions.

So, Jaune cheated and turned to Tattletale for help. Her logic would win the day.

Before Tattletale's sharp tongue could cut down the foolish, kind Hunters, Escha leapt upon the girl to hug her around the neck.

"Please, please, please, please, please!" the cat pleaded. "I loved your stories, and I want to hear more about everything! About Aladdin! And Robin Hood! And Sherlock Holmes!"

Pressing close, she let Tattletale feel her fluffy, fluffy white fur, and the soft rumble of her purr.

Tattletale scoffed at the blatant and, frankly, amateurish attempt to sway her mind. Rolling her eyes, she turned Escha around so she could hug the felyne into her chest, the head tucked under her chin.

Then, she looked at Jaune with a slight grimace of embarrassment and defeat.

"...I'm okay with it."

Jaune slapped a hand over his face.

"Alright. Guess that's that. I give up. Escha can come with us."

A cheer went up among the monster Hunters, and he had to smile at just how honest and happy it was. Lifting his head, he continued to speak.

"The rest of you, get over here. I've got a present for all of you, too. A little thing called Aura."

He grinned, as did the Hunters.

"Those monsters won't know what hit 'em."

Universe: Monster Hunter. Location: Ancient Forest.
Event: Rathalos Hunt.
Loot: Red Rook gunlance, Rathalos armor, healing herbs, antidote herbs, sleep herbs, blue mushroom, mandragora mushrooms, might seeds, adamant seeds, flashbugs, thunderbugs, godbugs, bitterbugs, bees, healing potions, energy drinks, antidotes, various potion recipes, food ingredients, whetstones, gunlance spare parts, explosive shells, shell recipes, Meowscular Chef-approved gains, mosswines (x4).

~Ting-a-ling~ Escha the Palico has joined the party!​


Author's Notes: After writing this, I kind of want to replay MHW now.
.

Lisa—Jaune, chase that bone!
Jaune—Woof! Woof, woof, woof!
.

Chekhov's abs.
.

The felicitous furry feline finds friendship in the flippant and felonious fox.
.

Of the Monster Hunter weapons:

Longsword—too different a style, for the same result of a sword
Dual blades—ditto, and he dislikes dual-wielders beside.
Greatsword, Insect Glaive, Hunting Horn, Light Bow Gun, Bow, Switchaxe—I'm just not familiar with them.
Hammer—a good option, but the best moves—spin to win!—relied too much on MH logic to translate well.
Heavy Bow Gun—clashes with Jaune's method of fighting.

Then there's the weapons with shields!

Sword and Shield—Redundant. He already has a set.
Charge Blade—We can do a sweet, sweet upgrade for Crocea Mors, but how do those phials even work, lorewise? Is it ripping monster lifeforce out of the flesh it cuts? Would that work on non-monsters? Many questions, few answers.
Lance—Similar in that swing, swing, block lifestyle; different enough that it doesn't replace Crocea Mors. A wonderful choice… were it not for the gunlance with its mechashift aesthetic.
Gunlance—A lance. It's also a gun.
Last edited: Jul 12, 2025
Stories:
QQ Sneaking His Way into the Multiverse , a RWBY Jaune, WC-lite mechanics story.
Other RWBY stories on AO3 or FF - Yakuza Arc | Conquered Menagerie: Annals of the Sixth Kingdom | Cat, Bunny, and the Good Ship Honey Starbright | The Agent
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:RSR2000, Amdiranifani, WinterPhoenix and 698 others
LazyAutumnMoon
May 4, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 32: A Job for This Otherworld Dropout
View content
LazyAutumnMoon
LazyAutumnMoon
We all need Sundancer in our life.
JoinedJun 7, 2024
Messages289
Likes received68,284
May 10, 2025
Add bookmark
#987
With a tap, Jaune sent the four mosswines from the apartment. They're in a better place now, off to wherever sold things go.

…Okay, in all honesty, he expected the piggies to end up in a restaurant kitchen somewhere. Not one of the five-star ones, either; they fetched a pretty low price in the Marketplace. Mosswines may be delicious from what the Hunters said, but that probably translated to nothing special in the wider universes, what with food able to grant immortality or give your fist the destructive strength of a ship cannon. It wasn't even rare like wyvern meat, nor as tasty. Selling the lot got him two hundred Points.

To Jaune, it was the cherry on top of a fruitful trip.

New protective armor, an extra weapon to expand his repertoire, a whole host of useful materials that can multiply, and now this? Life was good.

Passing by the dining table, he tossed the Company scroll onto the surface. It landed near Lisa who paid it little attention. The girl was engrossed in her laptop, flipping from one website to another at blistering speed in an attempt to stuff her brain full of knowledge, all in the admirable goal of someday exploiting them to strike it rich.

Lisa did not aspire to be an academic. She aspired to own the academy.

If she didn't die starving first, of course.

Pausing in his steps, he said, "Eat your breakfast, Lisa. It's getting cold."

The reminder snapped her out of her fugue. "Oh, oops." She stabbed at the plate of chicken salad with a fork. "I got to a really interesting part and—wait a second, salads are supposed to be cold." She glared at him.

"And your plate's supposed to be empty. Come on, don't you want more gains?" He flexed his arms as emphasis.

The food that Logy and the others included in their gift was another boon he won't soon forget. Chock-full of nutrients and 'bioenergy,' it practically reshaped Jaune and Lisa after each meal, with the incremental changes stacking up over the course of three days already matching what they'd see after a couple weeks of physical exercise and good dieting. Combine that with the daily training, and Lisa was advancing in leaps and bounds in terms of fitness—she's reached forty push-ups in a row now! Meanwhile, the weight of the gunlance grew lighter in his hand by the day.

Shame that nobody in this apartment ever learned how to prepare a live pig for cooking. The mosswines might have earned themselves a spot here otherwise, and ended up in his stomach instead of someone else's. (He assumed this was the highest aspiration of edible food everywhere.)

Lisa stared at him posing for a good, long while. Then, mumbling half-hearted protests, she pulled the plate closer and got to work devouring the oversized portion. Jaune considered it a victory.

With the uphill job that was turning Lisa into a warrior handled for the moment, he moved on, filling a bucket with water from the sink before navigating through the growing piles of supplies towards the window. The newest member of their team was there, frolicking among the haphazard garden of glass jars that had overtaken the area, each hosting a medicinal plant or mushroom. She held a cup between her paws, and was using it to carefully water the garden.

"Escha, here's some more."

The felyne turned to look up at him, beaming. "Thank you!"

"You're welcome." He placed the bucket next to another that was almost empty, then squatted down to put himself at her height. "Anything I can do to help?"

She nodded. "The bugs need to drink, too. Can you please pour a little bit in the terra… terra…"

"Terrarium?"

"That!"

"Sure thing," he said. Grabbing the near-empty bucket, he scooted over to the insect cage that they repurposed from a blue delivery box. It would have been more than enough for normal bugs, but was a little small for the collection of fist-sized beetles now calling it home, especially after Escha added a bunch of random knick-knacks she pulled from the cabinets to clutter up the terrarium.

Beetles, like people, couldn't just live in a blank room of four walls and a ceiling. Nor could they thrive in this cramped a space.

Still, they had food, shelter, and—he tipped the bucket to soak a corner of the box with moisture—water. Serviceable conditions, if not ideal.

That done, Jaune sat down on the floor, where he began asking Escha for tips on the best ways to take care of the different plants and bugs. Gardening was a hobby right up until it could mix into a potion to save his life; he'd rather the specimens didn't die. And while the cat might have an uncertain grasp on bigger human words, it had no bearing on the fact that she was an expert on a wide range of subjects related to her work as a Palico, horticulture among them. He learned quite a lot by just listening to her.

More than that, he wanted to keep Escha company.

It had hit the felyne in the middle of her first night here, what it meant to be a universe away from home. He had woken up the next morning with a mass of white fur snoozing atop his face.

She's been doing better since then, courtesy of the treasure trove that was the apartment. Everything fascinated her, from the kitchen appliances, to the clothes they wore, to Jaune's scroll and the music on it. By the end of the second day, wonder had won out over homesickness.

Oh, and—

Whirr, whirr, whirr.

Escha's eyes flew wide open. She peeked behind him, head turning to follow the cleaning robot that had once again taken to zooming around the room. They've yet to figure out its schedule, with the robot activating at what seemed like random intervals, but Escha wasn't concerned about that.

The cup she held was handed off to Jaune so that she could drop on all four paws. Slinking past him, she hopped up the nearby couch, padding along the backrest over to the other end. There, she crouched in wait with an intense focus as the unsuspecting robot carried on its business, unaware.

After a few minutes, it passed by her vantage point, well within range. Escha pounced.

The poor robot stood no chance.

Unable to resist, Jaune raised his scroll and snapped a picture of the aftermath. If the device were to ever run out of storage space, it would be because of that ball of fur curled atop the cleaning robot. Checking the picture, and seeing how content Escha looked lying on her favorite perch, he had to smile.

Yes, wonder had won out over homesickness, and their new companion would be okay. Slowly but surely, life settled into a new routine, with three where there were once two.

Which made this a good time to shake things up.

"Escha?"

Pointy ears twitched. The cat poked her head up. "That's me!"

"Ready to go traveling?" he asked.

The happy meow said it all.


-o-


Universe: KonoSuba: God's Blessing on This Wonderful World! Location: City of Axel
Event: Emergency Cabbage Harvest​


Axel, a city by the river.

Sensibly surrounded by tall walls to keep the dangers outside, its people lived peaceful lives so far as Jaune could see. With bright-colored roofs and a thousand smiles, this place was, dare he say, idyllic. A wonderful destination for Escha's first foray into the many worlds out there.

"God, we are so in the boonies," Tattletale groaned.

He looked around again, wondering if she had seen something he didn't. They were standing on the corner of a bustling shopping street, with one colorful storefront after the next putting on attention-grabbing displays. Two long lines of carts and carriages traveled on the road, with the pedestrians crisscrossing it as they pleased. "What are you talking about? Sure, it's not what I'd call a city-city, but this is solidly in the upper range of a settlement. Hell, it reminds me of my hometown."

"Yup, the boonies."

"Oi."

Lisa rolled her eyes. "No power lines. No vehicles more advanced than a carriage." She stamped her foot twice on the cobblestone. Her cloak swished with the motion. "No asphalt. We're at least 150 years behind modern times."

When put like that, he supposed she had a point. His home, at least, featured some of the amenities common in Vale, if a little dated in comparison to the capital. Axel resembled one of those old-timey, pre-Great War paintings where all the ladies wore dresses at a picnic.

A girl with silver hair passed by him, and their eyes met. She gave him a wink, continuing on her way.

Well, maybe not dresses.

"I guess it's summer here." Shorts and a crop top? That seemed pretty modern to him. And those pretty eyes…

Tattletale snapped her fingers in front of his face. "Focus! We're not here to mess around."

"Uh, no, we're here to do exactly that," he retorted. "That's the whole goal of this trip, so we could ease Escha into things." Jaune paused. "Although, I gotta say we made a good pick." He waved a hand at the normal, everyday scenes. "The cabbage harvest part was already a clue, but Axel looks even less dangerous than I expected."

"There are people carrying weapons, so it can't be completely safe," Tattletale pointed out.

He nodded in agreement. "True. You know what it reminds me of? Fantasy video games."

"How so?"

He indicated a quartet on the other side of the street. "The ones that are armed tend to move in groups. In teams. That blondie at the front? He's carrying a sword. Guy behind him, sword and shield. Next guy, a bow. The girl bringing up the rear—"

"A staff," she murmured.

"With an orb at the end," he added. "A magic staff. And they're the classic party line-up for going on a quest."

Tattletale was nodding now. "I can sorta see that. It's like one of those tabletop games, and would explain the weird fashion sense."

"Practical, you mean?"

Shorts, crop tops, leather pants, capes, miniskirts, bare-chested with spiky metal shoulder pads. These were just some of the types of clothing that came into popularity due to the advent of Huntsmen and Huntresses in the decades following the Great War. Whether for freedom of movement or hardiness or whatever else, each style had its merits. Presumably, their local analogues sparked the same developments in this world.

"Weird," she insisted. "The clothes don't match this level of civilization. But, anyway, if there's magical goods here, then Axel might hold more promise than we thought. How about this, you go with Escha as planned to harvest cabbages, and I'll investigate."

He cocked an eyebrow. "You're not using this as an excuse to skip menial work, are you?"

"No way," she answered quickly. Suspiciously so.

"Uh-huh. Well, I'm against it, in any case. Today is about helping Escha settle in. She'd want you there." He struck with a low blow.

The confident smirk suggested Tattletale had a ready argument waiting in the wing. A flash of white rushing between the legs of the passing pedestrians stopped her.

Escha appeared from the crowd, back from her carefree jaunt—ahem, her very serious scouting trip of their immediate surroundings. Running on all fours, missing her pouches and armor pieces, she was in her disguised form at the moment. Nobody who took note of the big, long-haired cat would suspect her of being a big, long-haired cat that talks.

She screeched to a halt before them, looking proud with a grilled fish on a skewer clamped between her teeth that she held up for Jaune.

"Hey, hey, look what I got! Want some?"

"Thanks, Escha. Don't mind if I do." Leaning down, he accepted the skewer and bit off a mouthful. "Oh! It's delicious!"

"Isn't it?" gushed the Palico, forgetting that she was supposed to play the part of a cat that did nothing but meow. "I was just in front of the stall to smell the yummy fish, but the fisher lady let me have this one!" The entire time Escha spoke, her gaze had not strayed from the skewer, mouth watering.

As an experiment, Jaune moved the fish to the left. Her eyes went left. He moved it to the right. She followed with rapt attention.

He took a second bite, then passed the skewer down to her. "Want the rest? I'm still full from breakfast."

Escha didn't need much prompting, seizing the fish with both paws—another slipup they would have to work on. After offering it to Tattletale, who shook her head no, she happily dug into the snack.

Above her head, Jaune noticed Tattletale biting her lips in indecision, and he said in a low voice, "Oh, come on. Don't."

"She'd agree to it," was the blithe reply. Or so she tried to play it off as. Tattletale wasn't doing her usual grin.

"It's her first day."

"...I hate you."

"Heh. Don't look so glum. A few hours work will get us paid in local money, and we can go browse the stores. I'll bet they can be convinced to accept gold, too."

The proposal mollified her somewhat, and Jaune rode the momentum to wave down a passerby. The middle-aged man in rough working clothes was wary of them at first, but his face cleared up as he listened to their inquiry on the location of the cabbage harvesting activities.

"You'll be wanting the adventurer's guild. Take a turn at the next intersection, and it'd be near the end of the street. Look for that tower." The man pointed to a tall watchtower covered in—Jaune squinted his eyes—gramophone speakers?

While he would like to get the story behind that design choice, another tidbit took precedence. "Adventurer's guild? Not the farmer's association or something?"

"Oh no, this is best left to that lot. It's too dangerous!"

He looked at the man oddly.

"What?" the man asked.

Reluctant to out their group for what seemed to be common knowledge, he said, "No, it's nothing. Thanks for the help." The moment the man left, he turned to Tattletale. "Something's up with the cabbages. Or that guy."

She shrugged her shoulders. "Maybe they're zombie vegetables. We'll find out the specifics at the guild."

The adventurer's guild (and didn't that just make one feel giddy hearing it? Like a video game!) was a grand building, eye-catching in the peculiar way that government buildings were. Stately, was the word people often used. Big and officious, to intimidate as much as impress.

That perception changed once they walked inside. The main lobby might have conducted very important business in the past, but it looked as if someone had decided that a restaurant made more money, with tables stacked in rows and waitresses moving between them. Despite the morning hours, there were adventurers deep in their cups, or ordering a feast to celebrate completion of a late-night job. A bulletin board drew a good half of the visitors. Occasionally, a team would snatch a slip of paper off of it, before rushing out of the building on their quest.

"It's like the Astera canteen!" Escha squealed.

"Did that cat just talk? Hey, Aqua, cats in this world can talk. Wouldn't that make a cooler pet than your rabbit?"

"Don't be silly, Kazuma. It was probably that girl and you misheard. Also, Sir Bunny D. Fluffy is the strongest member of the party after me. Show him some respect."

"Excuse me!? My Explosion—"

"Ahhhh don't start chanting here!"

The attention their trio garnered lasted only a brief few seconds before it was lost in the general commotion. Adventurers, similar to Hunters, seemed a boisterous lot quick to gravitate towards new entertainment. Jaune capitalized on it to hurry his companions along.

The back wall was taken up by a reception counter, and judging by the forms being signed and clinking coins exchanging hands, the people in uniform stationed there were the guild staff. Deeming it their best bet to gain information, their party joined one of the briskly-moving queues. Soon, they stood in front of an employee.

"Jaune, why did you pick this line?"

"Because it's the closest?"

"Uh-huh. It wasn't because of the pretty lady?"

"Course not."

The wavy-haired employee coughed into a fist to draw their gazes, before giving them a gentle smile. "Welcome to the adventurer's guild. My name is Luna, a guild receptionist. How may I help you today?"

"Good morning~." Tattletale seized the lead, leaning forward to put her elbows on the counter. "We would like to request more information on the cabbage harvest. Do you know if there are still openings available?"

Luna blinked blankly for a moment, before her gaze drifted to something behind the counter. She began to frown.

Tattletale broke the silence, speaking quickly, "Because, you see, my friend and I thought that this was the prime harvest season for it. So I figured, hey, why not check in and maybe pick up a job?" She hesitated a beat, suddenly looking down at her feet, nervous. "I-I wasn't wrong about it, was I? It should be this month. I could have sworn it was. P-Please don't tell me we traveled all this way for nothing!"

Jaune resisted the urge to applaud her act—or maybe gag. If he didn't know any better, he would believe her to be a shy, innocent girl from the countryside in great distress.

The receptionist hurried to reassure her. "Oh no, sweetie, you weren't wrong!" The budding suspicion faded from her face, replaced by a far kinder expression. "My apologies, I was simply astounded by the coincidence. We do indeed have a request to help hunt down the cabbages."

There's the strange connotation again. Hunt down?

"In fact," Luna said with a soft chuckle, "you could not have come at a more opportune time. The guild is preparing to make the announcement within the hour for our adventurers." She caught Jaune's wince. "Am I right in that you two have yet to register as members?"

Tattletale nodded her head, in a surprising move opting for the truth. "We can do that here, can't we? Unless it's too late?"

"Not at all, miss. I can help you with the process. Now, I must note that there is a registration fee of 1,000 Eris for each person."

What currency was 'Eris'? Were they cards like Lien? Paper? Gold?

Tattletale's innocent act didn't work this time despite her doubling down on the 'poor girl traveling a long distance' story. Luna's polite demeanor remained firm, if sympathetic. The fee was a sticking point. An IOU won't cut it.

Jaune interceded, fishing a gold coin from his Pocket that he held out to Tattletale. "Hey, there's this coin we found in the…" His mind raced for a good excuse. "The ruins near our village. Is it worth anything?"

Tattletale beamed at him. She snatched the coin and slapped it on the counter, looking expectantly at the receptionist.

"A coin from the ruins?" Luna reached for it with their permission, holding the coin up to the light—what source powered the light fixtures, Jaune couldn't tell, and he chalked it down to magic. "Hmmm. I don't believe I have ever seen this design. It looks like gold, and an almost comparable size to a ten-thousand Eris coin, but we will have to appraise it to confirm, if that is acceptable?"

"It is," said Jaune.

Luna waved down a coworker, who took the coin before removing to another room. During that time, she chatted with them on the responsibilities of an adventurer—protecting the town and surrounding area, responding to threats, basically everything a Huntsman did—which boded well as it suggested a measure of confidence that they weren't trying to swindle her with the coin.

And they're not. They may be lying through their teeth about everything else, but that coin? 'Tis gold, thank you.

That matched the verdict Luna's coworker gave, upon his return. The purity was a tad lower than the local currency, meaning they got back a small stack of eight coins, each worth 1,000 Eris. Jaune submitted three of the coins to Luna, pocketing the rest.

"Wonderful!" the receptionist exclaimed as she retrieved three rectangular sheets—each was a bit bigger than a person's hand—stored below the counter, passing one to Jaune, one to Tattletale, and one to the person standing next in line. "Then let me be the first to welcome you to the adventurer's guild. These are your adventurer cards. Please fill them out now, then tap the bottom left corner. Once set, a card is linked by magic to its owner, and will be very important in your line of work as it allows you to choose a job class—"

Interrupting, Jaune said, "Hang on a second?" Turning, he plucked the card from the very confused person behind their group, then bent down to pick up Escha and placed her on the counter.

With solemn dignity, Escha accepted her adventurer card.

"Sorry," Jaune said, dipping his head in apology to the receptionist, "but this is our third member, not that guy. Please, go on."

Luna's smile, so kind and gentle this whole time, twitched.

"This is a cat."

Jaune looked at her in blank incomprehension.

"Cats cannot become adventurers," the receptionist explained, enunciating each word slowly and clearly for his benefit. "Leaving aside the sheer absurdity of the idea, for the underlying magic of our adventurer cards to work in the first place, it requires the subject"— *ding!* —"to be sentieeent?"

A long lull ensued, filled with choking noises as the receptionist stared at the completed card held between Escha's paws. It dragged on to the point where Jaune started to worry this was a medical emergency. But then, her expression smoothed out to a picture perfect smile.

"Then let me be the first to welcome you to the adventurer's guild. These are your adventurer cards. Please fill them out now, then tap the bottom left corner. Once set…"

A perturbed Tattletale murmured under her breath, "Why is she repeating herself?"

"I think I broke her," Jaune said.

"...allows you to choose a job class. Note your level located near your p-portrait."

They weren't portraits, really, just silhouettes in the likeness of a card's owner. Escha's card depicted the shape of a cat.

"The level corresponds to the amount of Experience Points, the fragments of the soul which exist in every living thing that you will absorb, whether it comes from foes you kill or creatures you cook and eat. That number is displayed next to your level. As you accumulate Experience Points, you will grow stronger, a phenomenon known as leveling up. This grants you skill points which can be used to learn new skills, depending on your stats."

Soooo, video game logic that was realized through magic. Got it. Wild and unbelievable, but got it.

"Jaune, you're turning red. Are you okay?" Tattletale asked in concern.

"If she's serious and everything is true, defeating monsters can grant us Experience Points."

"Yeah?"

"I killed a Rathalos, a damn dragon, right before I got this card. So it doesn't count."

What was this feeling in his chest, the desire to scream and scream and never stop?

"Oof. Tough luck."

"Um." The receptionist raised a hand. "I don't quite understand, but why not try to look on the bright side? You might have missed out on the Experience Points from a, ah, a 'dragon.' That's one enemy. There are many more foes to slay out in the world. From now on, you will only get stronger."

That… okay, that did make him feel a little better.

Things didn't work out. What's new? Story of his life. If he was going to wallow in regrets, he'd be here all night. The best way to change that was by taking a step forward.

"You know what, you're right." His back straightened. "I just have to think of all the dragons I'm beating up in the future."

Luna giggled. "Yes, 'dragons.' I wholeheartedly wish you luck in the endeavor, but remember to pace yourself, okay? Don't take risks. And before everything else, you should pick a job class. Your many adventures can come after that. Here, allow me to help."

For new members, a box on the right side could be tapped on to generate a list of jobs fitting their parameters. It even included a scroll down function, proving that magic was carrying the technology hard in this world, emulating functions Jaune swore shouldn't have occurred to people yet.

Assisting him, the receptionist analyzed his stats with a practiced eye. "High strength and vitality, average in dexterity and agility. That would open up most of the warrior branches—I can definitely see it~." She raked her gaze over him. "Although, how strange. You should have enough magic to qualify for the Paladin job but the option isn't here."

His neglect of Outsider worship was probably responsible for that.

"Still, that leaves you with quite a few options. Fighter, barbarian, shieldmaster, huntsman, crossbow—"

He slapped both hands on the counter. "Huntsman."

"A-Are you certain? That job, while it could be taken, benefits the most from agility, with vitality and strength in minor roles."

"Huntsman," he repeated, determined gaze rooting the receptionist in place.

With what looked like an anguished expression on her face, she confirmed the selection. A shaking hand returned his adventurer card to him. He paid it no mind, a fluttering giddiness welling up within him upon reading the new job title emblazoned below his portrait, which now sported a pointy cap decorated with a feather.


Job: Huntsman
Skill Points: 2
Current Skill List
[Sense Rabbit]
[Set Bait Trap]
Available Skills
[Marksmanship]


…Something's wrong.

These weren't the skills associated with heroically killing terrible beasties and saving townsfolk. Why?

The answer, when he asked it aloud, came from Tattletale. There was a Huntsman, and then there was a huntsman. One protected the world from the rising darkness, keeping the ravening hordes of monsters at bay. The other was a man who hunts. Like, for food.

Sighing, Jaune purchased Marksmanship, and stowed the card away in his Pocket. At the very least, he now had improved aim.

Up next was Tattletale.

"You have high intelligence," began Luna.

Tattletale puffed up in pride.

"But middling to low on everything else. Especially magic. I'm sorry, I don't think you can cast spells at all."

"...I didn't want to, anyway…"

It seemed Magical Girl Lisa shall never see the light of day.

Once they moved on to the job list, Jaune peeked over her shoulder to see what options she could pick, and soon found his eyes widening at the shining border that ringed the entry at the top of the list. It denoted a rare job according to the receptionist, to stoke his envy.


Job: Politician
Current Skill List
[Set Bait Trap (Verbal)]


Tattletale scratched her head. "The heck? No. Why is that even on there?"

It fits you to a tee, Jaune refrained from saying aloud, as they checked the next choice.


Job: Scammer
Current Skill List
[Hidden Smirk]
[Grab Attention]


"Oh, fuck you," she spat venomously at the card. By now, the receptionist was eying her with great suspicion.

In the end, she chose the job of Scholar. It had no combat applications. However, the starting skill claimed to increase her reading speed, with Luna mentioning that future options include better memory retention and delaying sleep to burn the midnight candle for days at a time. Subtle skills that complemented her core strengths.

It just… It didn't wow anybody, which Jaune thought might have been something she was hoping for. More than once, he caught her sneaking looks at his card, comparing it to hers. Having one's capabilities quantified into numbers was turning out to be a sobering experience for the girl. She owned two stats higher than his, intelligence and dexterity, the second one winning by only a couple of points. All in all, she wasn't that special.

He would have to cheer her up in some way later.

It was with trepidation that the receptionist picked up the last adventurer card. All of them put their heads together for that one, the curiosity too strong to ignore.


Job: Cat
Current Skill List
[Feline Battlecry]
[Feline Climbing]


"Seriously?" shouted the receptionist, her composure gone, as the people closest to them craned their neck to catch a peek. Someone gasped.

"Kazuma! Kazuma! If we get an adventurer card for Baron Bunny D. Fluffy, we can level up—"

"We are not helping that apocalyptic murderbeast become even more broken! And you two! Do you think the Adventurer's guild is some kind of joke?"

That seemed to have been directed at their party in particular, so Jaune turned around, as did Tattletale and Escha. The receptionist, meanwhile, had brightened upon seeing someone else voicing the thoughts she could not. Her face quickly fell as she recognized who it was.

The boy there couldn't be any older than Jaune, and unless he had a baby-face, must be younger by a year or two. Dressed in hardy garb suited for the outdoors, he wore a sword on his hip. Arrayed behind him stood a group of girls, his adventuring party at a guess. A witch, a knight, and a drunk.

Though, the knight was fidgeting, and stayed at a remove. Maybe she wasn't part of the team?

"Who are you?" Jaune asked.

"Hmph!" The boy flicked his cape. His voice, a deep baritone, declared, "I am Satou Kazuma, an adventurer. And as your senior, let me give you some advice."

One of his party members, a girl with blue hair and a half-empty wine bottle, piped up, "But Kazuma, we finished our first quest yesterday—"

"Ahhh, don't tell them that!" The panicking Kazuma, voice reverting to a higher pitch, slapped his hands over the girl's mouth. "It counts! It totally counts!"

As the pair struggled back and forth, Jaune leaned down near Tattletale's ear. "What's his problem with us?"

"Oh, it's not much of a mystery." Tattletale flashed her teeth. Less smile, more cat that scented prey. "This insecure boy saw a chance to throw his weight around now that he isn't the newest face around here, and couldn't resist."

The boy, Kazuma, spun back to them. "That's not true!" The red glow to his face said different. "I was just—"

"Jealous?" Tattletale suggested. "Oh ho! Right in one. You've been paying a lot of attention to us. To me?" She struck a pose, cocking her hip. "Hmmmm. Not quite. Why, I'm offended, mister Satou Kazuma."

Kazuma spluttered excuses, but unfortunately for him, Tattletale was having fun.

She tapped her chin with a finger. "I suppose it's more accurate to say you're jealous of Jaune, with me as one of the reasons. I wonder what the others are?" She gave an exaggerated look between Jaune and Kazuma, calling on everyone to wonder.

The suppressed laughter and snorts that soon arose within the crowd suggested that people were reaching the conclusions she wanted them to make.

The difference in stature. The way each boy stood. The face.

For a moment, Kazuma looked like he wanted to cry. That led Jaune to realize that things were getting nasty, fast, and he moved to rein Tattletale back. They didn't need to put anyone down to assert dominance.

But then, the other boy recovered to display a sly grin.

"A man is measured by the company he keeps," declared Kazuma.

Silence.

Then, clamoring.

A wave of murmurs washed over the onlookers as they considered this sentiment. Many found that they agreed with it. The tide began to shift the other way, because people were no longer judging the two boys on their own, but on the quality of their respective adventuring groups. The equipment, the numbers, the human-to-cat ratio. The faces.

The knight raised her hand. "Kazuma, does that mean I am now—"

"Yep," Kazuma said without even glancing at her, so he missed the look of pure joy on the knight's face as she scooted closer, cutting the distance between her and the rest of the party members down to zero.

Oi! Dirty! Recruiting mid-battle to pad the numbers was unfair!

And, yes, it was a battle to Jaune now. Being the better person took a backseat once his pride got dragged into the matter.

"This isn't my full team," he said, thinking of the NPR of JNPR, who definitely counted if they were talking about teammates.

Kazuma made a show of scanning their surroundings. "Oh? Where are they, then?"

"Around." In another universe. Frozen in time. Still counted.

The other boy smirked, conveying all that needed be said. 'Around' was not 'present,' and maybe not 'exists' either. Proof, or get out.

Jaune debated the merits of pulling out his scroll. A photo of him with his team would settle it in a decisive manner. He could just say the device was magic.

Tattletale seized his sleeve the moment his hand twitched towards his pocket. "Jaune, no."

"But he's—"

"No," she insisted. "Look, I think this has really gotten away from us all, and we should calm down. Alright?"

What could he do, in the face of that gentle smile? Taking a deep breath, Jaune released the tension in his shoulders, and with a clearer head, he started to understand how silly he had been to become so riled up. They'd be here a day. Any clout he attained would vanish with tomorrow.

She patted him on the arm. "It's no good to get caught in someone else's pace. Besides, a team isn't about numbers."

"Yeah… wait. I think numbers might be in the literal definition of the word. Like, you need more than one person to make a team."

Kazuma chimed in, "He's got a point."

"Okay, you know what?" Tattletale whirled on Kazuma, the mask of gentleness slipping off her face. "I tried to be diplomatic, but having more people doesn't amount to squat. There, I said it."

"Oh, really?"

"Really," she shot back. "A proper team depends on the effectiveness of its members. Shove a bunch of clueless idiots together, and all you'd have is a mob, right?" She addressed this to the onlookers, sweeping her gaze around the room.

Behind her, Jaune muttered, "Whatever happened to calming down?"

"And don't forget," Kazuma hissed out of the corner of his mouth. "She had a huge part to play in how things ended up here before she tried to sell herself as the peacemaker."

"Making us look bad in comparison."

"How underhanded of her."

Tattletale ignored them. "The point is, it's skill that matters most. Everything else is small stuff if you have good people." She nodded sagely.

That struck a chord with the crowd, and Jaune could get why. As professionals who made a living batting monsters beyond the city walls, they must have learned that very same lesson through experience. There were things out there for which no fancy swords or simple force of numbers can match.

"So you're saying we need to prove our skills?" he said.

Tattletale balked. "What? No. Why would you even think that? I said it to settle your stupid argument."

"I dunno, the man's on to something," said Kazuma. "This does call for a match."

Jaune nodded. "Exactly. And there happens to be a special event today, isn't there?"

"The cabbages have been sighted on the horizon! They're flying straight for us! Everyone, it's time to harvest cabbages!"

The announcement cut through the hubbub, amplified to be heard far and wide beyond the building. In its wake, a cheer erupted from every adventurer except for four.

Jaune, Tattletale, Escha, and Kazuma, who were just plain confused.

"The cabbages are doing what?" Escha asked with her head tilted to the side.

"I knew that cat could talk!"


-o-​


In this world, cabbages fly.

Every year, at the moment they ripened, cabbages would take flight to avoid being eaten, entire fields of the vegetables journeying across the land in a great migration. They attacked anyone and anything that dared to stop them, necessitating evacuations of the townsfolk while the adventurers put on their farmer hats (armor) and farmer tools (big, big swords). As harvest season came, the curtains rose on a glorious battle of eat or be eaten.

And they have eyes, sort of.

Jaune still wasn't sure how he felt about that.

Although, these cabbages were delicious. After he smacked one too hard with his sword and it burst into a bunch of cabbage leaves, he was poking around to find if they had a brain or another creature inside, and that turned into a taste test when the search turned up nothing of note. He has never regretted it since then. Crisp and fresh, the leaf boasted a sweetness that compared to fruits, the tinge of bitterness towards the end adding a counterbalance to complete the experience.

"Twenty-two. Twenty-three. Aaaand, twenty-four!"

He dispelled [Third Arm] and batted the last cabbage into the sack, tightening the string to prevent his harvest from escaping. With so many together, they were reaching the critical mass required to lift him in the air, and the sack floated behind him as he hurried back to the guild's command post for a drop-off. A familiar face greeted him.

"T-Thank you for your contribution!" said Luna, the receptionist. She never quite recovered from their earlier encounter, and Jaune suspected he had a part to play in the empty bottles poorly hidden behind her. "Let's see here. One, two, three… twenty, twenty-one, twenty-two in total."

Say what? Jaune looked down at the trussed-up cabbages. Counting one by one, the number he arrived at was twenty-two, as Luna determined. Quickly, he checked how many heads of cabbages he had hidden in his Pocket. Fifteen additional specimens, stowed away to be absconded with, due to their Experience Point-rich deliciousness. That number had remained the same for a while, meaning he didn't shove some more inside the Pocket by mistake. Was he just bad at math?

"Coming through," said a voice behind him. Kazuma pushed past a second later, a sack over his back and two cabbages tucked under his arm which he offered to Luna. "Can you get these two first?"

As the receptionist did so, the other boy turned to Jaune and stuck out his tongue, while his hand made a strange wiggling motion.

On Jaune's next trip, he discovered the significance of it.

"Steal!"

The word would have been lost in the general commotion, had not for a sudden lull in the cabbage swarm at this part of the field. Jaune turned his head to see Kazuma with a cabbage held in his hands. The other boy had a deer in headlights look as he stared back.

With deliberate slowness, Jaune opened the sack to tally up his harvest.

There were some missing.

"Cheateeer!" Jaune shouted, pointing at Kazuma.

Kazuma avoided his gaze, looking to the side. "I don't know what you're talking about. We never set rules on what skills are and aren't allowed. The only condition is whoever gets the most cabbages, wins." He raised the prize secured in his grasp. "Which will be me."

"That's how it's going to be, huh? I'll make a note of that." The rocket boots might see use, in that case. Screw holding back. "Oh, by the way. Where's your party?"

"Around."

Past him, Jaune saw one of them clear on the other side of the field, running from cabbages whilst crying. Another stood motionless as cabbages took turns outright dive-bombing her from the sky. The last laid flat on her face near Luna, magic spent after letting loose a giant explosion which wiped out a bunch of random monsters that tried to poach the harvest, and made Jaune fear for his life.

"Ha. So much for your vaunted team, 'Satou Kazuma the senior adventurer.'"

"You're alone, too! Where's your team, you blonde bastard?"

"It's Jaune Arc. And they're hard at work, same as me. Because we all contribute to the success of the party, and—"

"Not working together."

"—not working toge-ack!" That was close. He almost fell for the masterful manipulation! "I mean, the situation doesn't require us to be in one place. We stationed ourselves where we each would do the most good."

"Jaune, Jaune, heeeelp!"

They turned in the direction of the cry. A small sack, presumably filled with cabbages, drifted along a few yards off the ground. A fluffy mass of white fur dangled from it, front paws gripping tight and little feet wiggling to no avail.

Below her, Tattletale hopped up and down, too short to reach the felyne.

"...We're working out a few kinks."

"Glad I'm not the only one," Kazuma whispered to himself, not quiet enough. Before Jaune could hurry off to rescue Escha, the other boy stretched out his hand. "Steal."

A cabbage appeared, and without it adding to the buoyancy alongside its brethren, the sack started to lower, soon putting Escha back on solid ground. She looked their way, and waved her arms while shouting her thanks.

Kazuma noticed Jaune's glance. "What?"

"That's such a broken skill." Jaune cracked a grin. "But thanks for the help."

The other boy shrugged. "I like cats," he said simply.

"Funny. Same here." He cocked his head. "Then again, I like most kinds of animals. The only ones I can't deal with are rabbits."/"Rabbits."

By heretofore unknown instincts, they fist-bumped. Because fuck rabbits.

" So you're going to give that cabbage back, right?" Jaune asked.

Kazuma responded by scooting away a step. Jaune followed suit, putting them side by side again.

"Right?" He repeated.

"This is a finder's fee."

"It's theft. You literally said 'steal' as you stole it."

They grappled for the vegetable. Jaune's strength won out, earning him a cabbage that he stored in his bag. Afterward, they both returned to the conversation, as if nothing happened.

Kazuma said, "Why do you hate rabbits, anyway?"

"I was ambushed by one that tried to tear my throat out," Jaune revealed.

"What a coincidence. Me too, except it's been almost every day."

"Does this place have an infestation of killer rabbits or something? Asking for a friend."

Kazuma shook his head. "Just the one, owned by my useless party member. She said she bought it off a glowy screen in a pub bathroom stall that wasn't there the next morning."

"That sounds…"

"I know. She was definitely drunk. But the murderbeast is here now, and for weeks it's been trying to escape and kill everyone, including her. So far, nobody believes me when I warn them about it. I'm the Boy Who Cried Rabbit."

"Hey, quick question. Which party member is it, the one with the rabbit?" Jaune asked while pressing a hand to his temple.

"She has long blue hair, with this weird-looking loop at the top. Her name's Aqua, and she—"

Jaune cut him off. "How big is the rabbit?"

"Normal size? Why?"

"It'd fit in a cage about this big, then?" He mimed the dimensions.

"Yeeees?"

"I guess that explains why my [Sense Rabbit] skill is pinging like crazy."

Kazuma looked where Jaune directed, and spotted his teammate running towards him. He began to hyperventilate. Wide, bulging eyes filled with terror zoomed in on the pet cage she was holding.

"No. Nononono. Not now."

"Kazuma!" the girl shouted. "Kazuma, I have an amazing idea!"

The boy waved his arms wildly. "Aqua! Listen to me carefully! Put that cage on the ground!"

Her eyes lit up. "I knew you'd get it!" To Kazuma's relief, Aqua stopped and followed his order to set the cage down. "Rabbits are the natural predators of cabbages, aren't they? Viscount Bunny D. Fluffy will have these stupid things running scared in no time!" She then unhooked the latch keeping the door shut.

"Did I say to let it out!?" Kazuma wailed.

From the depths of the cage, it crawled. One furry limb extended out of the darkness, the other following soon after. The head came next. A twitching nose snuffled, as if scenting blood in the air. Long ears flopped, menacingly. With a mighty hop, the foul beast leapt a full body's length to escape its prison, landing on the grass, a spot of white amidst the green.

The rabbit looked at them—at him. In those eyes, the vicious streak was clear for all to see.

And that's when Jaune knew.

"No. No, it can't be! I defeated you! You're supposed to be gone forever!"

Yet the Beast of Caerbannog was here. Here, all along.

"Welp, it's loose. We are all going to die," Kazuma said in a matter-of-fact tone.

It was that, the resignation, which awoke Jaune from his stupor. Gritting his teeth, he banished the terror in his heart to a small, distant corner, and strode forward.

"Not if I have something to say about it," he declared, surer than he had ever been.

From one moment to the next, Jaune stood bedecked in a suit of blazing red armor. One hand held a shield that could ward off the fires of wyverns. The other wielded a formidable gunlance to slay the greatest monsters in the land. His boots left scorch marks with each step.

He wasn't the same person he was back then.

"Kazuma, run. I'll deal with this beast."

Beneath a cabbage-dotted sky, man and rabbit dueled once more for their lives.


-o-​


As the portal closed, Lisa arched to stretch her body, making a long, satisfied groan with her arms reaching for the ceiling. Escha, following on her heels, copied the motion.

"Man, that was more fun than I thought!" the girl said. "Who knew an honest day's work could be so exciting?"

Jaune, back slumped, marched by her. "Oh, I'm sure it was fun for you. You didn't have to face this little fellow here." He plonked the cage down on the table. It didn't stay still, but rattled violently. A gesture of his hand, and a box materialized next to it, filled with odds and ends that they bought in Axel—a couple flasks of healing potions, an enchanted set of pillows that stays cool all through the night, dumb bells heavier than they looked, and such like. Magical goods in Axel were just too expensive to get anything with oomph. On the other side of the cage, another gesture summoned a pile of stolen cabbages.


Universe: KonoSuba: God's Blessing on This Wonderful World! Location: City of Axel
Event: Emergency Cabbage Harvest
Loot: Cabbages! (x26), adventurer cards, Evercool Pillow, healing potions (x2), exercise equipment, daily goods, food ingredients, Beast of Caerbannog (Earl Bunny D. Fluffy)​


Dropping into a chair, he fished out the Company scroll, opening it to the inventory screen. A swipe down landed him on an entry he never thought to see again. And with a tap of his finger, there hopefully won't be a third time. The cage stopped moving.

Now that the rabbit was a long ways off and couldn't hurt her, Lisa skipped over to the table, plucking a few cabbage leaves to munch on. She shared them with Escha. "It went a lot better this round, right? Should have been no sweat… Mmmm, this is so gooood!" She held her cheek, humming in enjoyment.

No arguments there. The cabbages counted among the grand prizes they obtained from the trip. His [Sense Rabbit] pinged right up until he sold the bunny, which was proof enough that the adventurer cards were still active on this side of the portal.

That meant they could level up. And what do you know, the cabbages contained a bunch of Experience Points in their leafy deliciousness.

Sure, his Huntsman job didn't wow. For now, that was. Maybe in the future, it will wow. They shall find out.

"Have we had a world this easy?" Lisa continued. "Heck, I still don't feel tired yet. We should go for another one to hit a new record. Two worlds in one day."

Drawn by her energetic mood, he made a show of navigating to the portal app. "Well, since you're so gung-ho for it…"

"Ah no, no, no!" she jokingly cried, leaning around Escha to make half-hearted attempts at snatching away the scroll, with Jaune holding her back with his longer arm.

But then, he happened to catch what was written on the screen.

A portal swirled to life on the wall.

"Jaune! What the fuck?"

Thumb pressed to the screen, he turned to her, "I… Sorry, Lisa, but I had to. This world, it's… it's there."

Lisa grabbed the scroll. This time, he let her; it was no time for jokes. Springing up from his seat, Jaune rushed around the room, tossing supplies into his Pocket. In twenty seconds flat, he was standing in front of the portal.

"Wait. Jaune, wait."

"What's there to wait for? Lisa, we have to go!"

The scene on the other side started to come into focus. Brick walls. Strewn trash. A dark alleyway. The scent of salt in the air.

"Because this can't be right! What's written here, it's already—"

The portal flared to signal that the process had completed.

What lay beyond was a city by the sea. Perhaps it was only appropriate for there to be a light rain.

Hello again, Brockton Bay.


Universe: Worm. Location: Brockton Bay.
Event: ABB Bombings.


-o-​


The girl with silver hair appeared in a place she did not recognize.

"Whoa… Where am I?"

A young man with dark eyes answered her. No one could say since when he was there.

"Welcome to the theater. Are you here for the show?"

"Theater? No, um, I wanted to poke my head through the portal thingy for a second. I-I just thought those three were interesting, I didn't mean to sneak in, ahaha."

The girl scratched her cheek, right above a faint scar.

The young man did not seem put out by the admission.

"My, you would fit right in, then. The world can wait, don't you think? Stay a while, mister…"

"Ahaha… my name is Eris, but I go by Chris in this form… and I'm actually a girl."


Author's Notes: I figured, the cat didn't deserve what Jaune got.

Although, the cat still got what Jaune got.

.
An artist on Tumblr made cover art for this story on a whim. Unfortunately, I don't have an account there, so in the hope that they read this, I'll ask here.
Jauneglazer, do you mind if I display your work as the cover for this story?

.
Making edits to this tomorrow. If you spy a typo before then, let me know?

Then gonna go write Yakuza Arc for a bit.
Last edited: Oct 13, 2025
Stories:
QQ Sneaking His Way into the Multiverse , a RWBY Jaune, WC-lite mechanics story.
Other RWBY stories on AO3 or FF - Yakuza Arc | Conquered Menagerie: Annals of the Sixth Kingdom | Cat, Bunny, and the Good Ship Honey Starbright | The Agent
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, RSR2000, Arkan10 and 701 others
LazyAutumnMoon
May 10, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 33: A Visitor's Guide to Brockton Bay - Somer's Rock has a Villain Infestation
View content
LazyAutumnMoon
LazyAutumnMoon
We all need Sundancer in our life.
JoinedJun 7, 2024
Messages289
Likes received68,284
May 24, 2025
Add bookmark
#1,141
The moment his boots hit concrete, Jaune was off like a shot. Out of habit, he shut down [Blank] before recalling the warning given way back when, and turned it on again. His steps never slowed.

A flare of light behind him indicated that Tattletale had come through the portal. She was shouting after him about something or other, but that can wait. He needed to see. To know.

The alley grew brighter and brighter as he neared the main street. Memories stirred, details he hadn't even realized stuck with him the first time around—a long vertical crack on the wall, the narrow section of sky that was visible, the scents of a critter (or two, or a dozen) that died and got shoved in a corner. Then he reached the end, where the alley opened up to a wide view of the city, and everything returned in unmistakable clarity.

He had stood in this exact spot before. The skyline, the signs on the buildings, the empty field—the street was familiar to a painful degree.

Well, familiar if it was 99% less wet, but he supposed that counted as an acceptable change. Anyway, this was Brockton Bay, dreary rain and all, no doubt about it.

"I'm back," he declared.

"No, you're not!" came a shout from behind him.

Tattletale skidded to a stop, huffing and puffing from her sprint down the length of the alley. She didn't look happy with him, which was fair. He rather sprung this on her at zero notice.

"Hey, my bad about—"

Her finger was in his face to cut him off.

"I was trying to tell you, but you wouldn't listen!" She stomped her foot in frustration. "The whole thing with the ABB bombing the city happened weeks prior to Leviathan attacking!"

It took him a lot longer than it should to comprehend the meaning of her words. Yes, he had been hopping through different universes, encountering magic and superheroes and whatnot, but time travel had to be a step too far, right? Because it's absurd. The idea that he was now here before he was first here created so many paradoxes that he probably shouldn't even be alive according to some of the sci-fi movies he watched. And… And…

It would mean she wasn't here, and he didn't want that.

"Maybe they're coming back for a second round?" he suggested, though his heart was already sinking.

Tattletale seemed about to berate him more, but hesitated as her eyes searched his face. With [Blank] active, she couldn't use her power on him. She still read him like a book, nevertheless, and when she spoke again, much of the anger in her voice was absent. "You won't find what you're looking for, Jaune."

He did not let slip a sad whine. Lies and slanders.

Retracting her hand, Tattletale ran it through her hair, scowling as she pondered the situation. "There's two possibilities I think are likeliest. One, we're in the past of my universe, which creates so many paradoxes that I probably shouldn't even be alive according to some of the sci-fi movies I watched." Huh. Great minds think alike. "Or, two, this is a parallel universe to my own with a temporal difference. I'm leaning toward the second theory since that fits with what we know of the portal app. Its function is to take us to other places, not as a time machine."

Jaune opened his mouth to raise an objection, any objection, but the words wouldn't come out. No matter how much he wished to call her wrong, there existed an odd incongruity within his surroundings that made sense only in the context of the theories she raised, wild as they were.

See, the city looked in better shape than on his previous visit, yet it also looked old and worn.

Grime encrusted the windows of the building next to him, while the paint on the storefront located one door down peeled in a manner requiring many seasons to effect. Overhead, the street lights flickered yellow, their aging bulbs in need of replacement. Were this a Brockton Bay in the days after Leviathan, with broken windows mended and paint freshly applied over facades damaged by flooding, would these details not appear brand new?

Little by little, he discovered more evidence of his error, until he could no longer believe this to be the world he sought. Enthusiasm drained away to leave hollow disappointment, and Jaune slumped his shoulders.

"Alright, we can go home now," he said, voice flat. "I'll just… curl up in my bed for a few days, if that's fine." Could Escha make bootleg alcohol out of the plants or mushrooms in her garden? He'd ask her. Drowning his sorrows sounded pretty nice at the moment.

Past Tattletale, he spotted said felyne scampering out of the alley. She, perhaps, deserved an apology most of all. He dropped this on her without explaining a single thing about this world and its significance. Yet, here she was, following him to provide support for his endeavors. He appreciated it.

Escha padded over to the party, turning her nose this way and that the entire time, sniffing the air. "This place smells weird," she said.

At a guess, that'd be the scent of a city. The smog of Fire and Combustion Dust burning, or whatever fuel-equivalent people use here to power their houses and cars. It was rather noticeable in the absence of a torrential downpour, and a bit more acrid than one would get with Dust.

"Yeah, it's not great," Jaune said. "Good thing is, you won't have to suffer it for long. I think we're ready to go home." Loot? Who cared about that?

Tattletale skipped back half a step, spreading her arms wide to block the alley in a theatrical display. "Now, hold on, you two. Let's not be hasty. Brockton Bay is full of opportunities for those who know where to look." She pointed at herself. "Which is me, by the way. The girl from the pseudo-future."

Okay, so maybe he did care about loot under his broody moping, because hearing that perked him right up.

"You mean, stuff we can sell? You know where we can find some?"

She listed them on her fingers. "Off the top of my head, my old boss hid caches of gear—including tinkertech rifles—around his territory, and there's a pair of villains we can raid. As for the big prize, during the ABB bombings spree, one tinker manufactured a ton of bombs with exotic effects."

Jaune winced.

Right. There's that, too. Once again, he visited a Brockton Bay embroiled in crisis, and departing meant leaving them to deal with it themselves. "How bad does it get?"

"Bad, bad. Some of the things she made were downright vile to be on the wrong end of. The ABB launched attacks throughout the city targeting major population areas, and people were scared out of their minds never knowing if their neighborhood or their kids' schools would be next."

Escha's eyes grew wide. "W-What?" She searched Tattletale's face for signs of a lie. Finding none, she shivered and peered at their surroundings with newfound trepidation, a lost expression on her face.

Jaune shared a glance with Tattletale, both of them arriving at the same conclusion. The world of Monster Hunter was the last place that'd encounter individuals like this 'tinker,' who from the sound of it seemed a real piece of work. Her methods reminded him of what occurred (was occurring?) at the Vytal festival, where the White Fang/robot assault on the event caused such terror that it attracted Grimm by the thousands to cover the sky. He hesitated to throw himself into that hell again, let alone an unprepared Escha.

So, he pointed to the depths of the alleyway, asking an unspoken question. Ditch?

Tattletale held up one finger. Wait. She turned and knelt down, drawing level with Escha. Reaching out, she started scratching the felyne under her chin to soothe her. "Don't worry, hon. That bi—awful woman won't get as far as she managed back then." She flashed a grin, and not a kind one. It had bite. "She did a real number on me the first time around, and I never quite gave her the payback she deserves for that."

Jaune, standing to the side, hummed in understanding. His partner held a grudge. "We're robbing her blind of her bombs before she can harm people with them. Aren't we?"

Escha nodded rapidly in agreement with that plan, tapping Tattletale on the arm and pointing at Jaune, eager to stop a monster in the making.

"Something like that," Tattletale replied coyly. "I can't promise the mess hasn't already kicked off, but over the course of the week this happened, I entered a few of her workshops. Depending on how early we arrive, they could still be stocked and ripe for the taking."

Jaune said, "I'm not certain that'd be enough. I distinctly remember you describing how tinkers can invent things out of scraps and garbage."

"Oh, don't you worry about that. There are people I can think of who will readily pay a handsome price for the chance to kick Bakuda's teeth in." Tattletale leveled an intense look at him, rooting him in place. "I can't leave here yet, Jaune. In this universe, history will remember Bakuda as a footnote, while we make bank off her back and put an end to her bombing spree."

That nasty glint in her eyes, why did he find it charming?

The heroic undertones, perhaps. She was going to do good, her way.

She missed his glance, too caught up in her musings. "And why stop there? How many people would get a chance like this? The PRT, the E88, Coil… I know so many juicy secrets! Every password yet to be changed, every piece of blackmail still in play, info I had but was too cautious to use—not to mention the biggest news of all." She was on a roll, a dozen plans swirling within that head of hers. "Heheheh, I'm going to turn this little corner of the world upside-down~."

Which, of course, was when the world decided to object.

A hole in space tore open without a sound. It formed the shape of a rectangle, almost like a door, that hung in midair behind the kneeling Tattletale right in her blind spot. A room could be seen on the other side, a darkened office illuminated only by the glow of a computer screen.

A woman stood in front of the—and it can't be anything else—portal, dressed in a black suit and black tie; on her head rested a fedora. Wordlessly, she reached out with a gloved hand, fingers brushing the fabric of the camouflage cloak Tattletale wore in so delicate a motion that it passed beneath the girl's notice. The hand began to close in a grip.

Off to the side, Jaune looked from the woman who hadn't even bothered to glance his way, to the arm that was extending past him, to Tattletale. Then, he smacked the arm harshly to put a stop to that nonsense.

You would have thought he shot the woman with how she reared back, her startled cry alerting Tattletale. The girl whirled around just in time to see the woman hitting the edge of an office desk and flipping over it, landing on the floor out of sight with a crash. The portal shut down.

"Who the heck was that!?" Tattletale yelped. She then proceeded to answer her own question, mind racing a mile a minute. "Abductor, about to grab me. No mask, no motif, powers don't belong to any of the Brockton Bay gangs—an outside party. Hired by Coil? Did she mistake me for my local counterpart—"

Jaune grabbed Tattletale mid-sentence, yanking her behind him as he kicked the spot she used to occupy, his heel meeting a grasping hand. A sharp crack, and he watched the woman in the fedora escape back into the new portal, cradling her arm with an expression of pain that didn't quite match her body language, far too muted for the utter panic conveyed by her scrambling to get away.

Peace and quiet returned to the deserted street, barring Tattletale babbling a string of conjectures—interspersed with swears—as she gripped onto the back of his poncho. On his part, Jaune kept his head on a swivel, not letting his guard down. He summoned Crocea Mors, wielded in one hand while leaving the other free in case he needed to move Tattletale again. Below, Escha darted back and forth, ready to pounce the moment she saw the enemy.

"Not Coil, not PRT, not Yangban, not—"

"Not important! Tattletale, stay alert!"

"I am!" she protested.

The woman appearing from the portal behind her begged to differ. Set half a block of distance back, she made no attempt to capture Tattletale this time. In her hand, a nondescript gun.

She pulled the trigger—the round slammed into Jaune who had put himself in the path of the bullet.

The woman's eyes widened a fraction, and she fired off more rounds as Jaune activated rockets to boost his sprint across the ground. The barrage was erratic at first, the bullets following a haphazard pattern that missed as much as they hit, which seemed to surprise the woman more than anyone else. But then, something shifted, and the shots began to strike him dead center.

Her eyes… they weren't looking directly at him, instead tracing the line the bullets traveled through.

As he got close, he heard her mutter under her breath.

A portal materialized between them and sheer heat roiled from the other side, forcing Jaune to slam his heels against the ground, screeching to a halt at the edge of the boundary. Ahead, all he saw was red. The woman had connected to a volcano.

"Oh come on, lady. How is that fair!?"

He didn't get an answer. The portal collapsed to show nobody there. Jaune spun around to see another portal near where Tattletale stood, out of which the woman strode.

Almost absentmindedly, she scooped her hand under a leaping Escha, pivoting to toss the yowling felyne aside before continuing to advance on Tattletale. She neatly dodged the sleep dart the girl fired from her wristbow.

Tattletale didn't bother with reloading, instead adopting a fighting stance. Her training spanned a few weeks, but that was long enough for Jaune to drill into her the basics. She snapped out a punch—thumb outside the fist! So proud!—aimed at the woman's face.

Her technique needed work still. It didn't matter much. As he taught her, Aura would both protect her hand from harm and enhance the blow to shatter teeth.

If it landed. Somehow, the woman was never there, slipping through the punches and kicks with uncanny ease until she stood almost flush against Tattletale, gun jammed under her ribs.

The gun barked, and Tattletale fell with a cry.

For a moment, the woman in the fedora made to leave. She then performed a sort of full body stutter, blinking in befuddlement. Her gaze lowered to Tattletale, alive and encased in an apple-green glow.

Enduring the pain, the girl stuck out her tongue.

That struck a nerve. The woman furrowed her brow, on the surface appearing mildly annoyed, which for her might translate to utter exasperation. Her gun rose again.

A shadowy hand closed on the gun, pulling it from her grip. Turning, she gasped in surprise. Reflected in her eyes, a blade growing ever larger to fill her vision.

A portal opened, granting access to a windowless, pitch-dark room different from the previous office, and the woman threw herself into it, clothes blending in with the shadows to obscure her from his sight. Undeterred, Jaune shoved his sword through in pursuit. He felt the slightest of resistance, a shink as steel pierced flesh, and hastily withdrew Crocea Mors as the portal shut down.

In the ensuing quiet, he studied the blood coating the tip of the sword for a bit, then shook his head. "Damn. I don't think I managed to get her for good. Sorry, Tattletale, she might only be half dead."

"That's…That's fine," came Tattletale's blithe reply from below, hiding fairly well her frayed nerves. "Not killing people is good."

The poor dear must be in shock. Jaune sighed in sympathy.

"Anyway, don't worry, Jaune. I doubt she'll be a problem for much longer."

The complete certainty in her voice prompted him to ask, "How do you know?"

"Because I figured it out!" she declared, sitting bolt upright. Escha was there a moment later, fussing over her. "The reason she was after me. How she anticipated me and Escha, but not you. She's a precog. A Thinker."

"Like you?"

Escha tugged on his pant leg, calling for a healing potion despite Tattletale suffering no actual injury. He passed her one, seeing no harm in doing so, and the cat proceeded to demand Tattletale drink it.

Between sips, the girl explained, "Precogs belong to a different classification, such that there are. They… in basic terms, they simulate the future. Think, Jaune. What was I doing just before that woman appeared?"

He opened his mouth to reply. She talked right over him, never expecting a response to the rhetorical question.

"I was planning to change events, and that must have set her off!" She slapped the ground. "She probably doesn't want us to stop Bakuda. That, or screw over Coil's operations. Or humiliate the PRT—"

"Didn't you say that's the hero organization?"

"Irrelevant." He very much wanted to disagree, but she had already moved on. "Whatever the case, she'll keep getting in our way, unless we have a counter for her power. Which we do."

He mulled on it. "If she's a Thinker, [Blank] should work?"

"Exactly. Gimme the phone."

He rummaged through his pocket, and passed the scroll to her. "Can you even buy a copy for yourself?"

"No."

He waited, then said, "Come on, you'll have to give me a little more than that."

"I'm taking a workaround." She fell quiet, focused on navigating through the scroll. The Marketplace app opened, and she began typing.

Messing up, she cursed and tried again.

She typed.

She cursed.

She typed.

She cursed.

She typed.

"This stupid search bar! What idiot designed this!?"

It took her a while longer to sift through the nigh-infinite catalog of goods, with Tattletale looking about ready to throw the scroll by the end, but she found the entry she wanted.

"Talent sharing?" Jaune asked, peering over her shoulder at the screen.

"It's a repeatable purchase, and each time you buy it, you can copy one of your store-purchased powers over to your, ah, your allies."

Jaune gawked. "What the—that sounds perfect, Tattletale! Quick, grab it before she comes back." He watched as she tapped a button, then selected [Blank] on the next screen. The confirmation box popped up along with the cost. A glance, and he pulled a face. "Erk!"

"Yeeeah, you kinda see why I haven't bothered with it. The efficiency isn't great."

A bit of an understatement, that. The price was four times the cost of the original power—a flat multiplier, as he understood it. On this occasion, it totaled 1600 Points.

Then again, it sounded extortionate (and was) but if he had two additional members to their party, he would break even. From there, it became more efficient as the number increased. Talent Sharing benefited large teams—encouraged it, in fact. Food for thought.

In this particular case, needs must when the crazy portal lady tries to ambush you.

"Buy it," he said, and Tattletale wasted no time in confirming the purchase. A soft ding emanated from the scroll. Beyond that, there was no indication of anything happening.

Yet, he knew it had worked, because Tattletale was showing a downright vindictive smile.

"I really hope she's thinking about me right now~."

And she activated her second superpower, as high as it could go.


-o-​


Half an hour and a newspaper later, the party of three strolled along a street lined by dilapidated shop after dilapidated shop. With bars on windows and doors shut tight, the mood was far from welcoming, and only the occasional noise behind thick curtains indicated whether a store was still doing business this time of night.

Not that Jaune expected them to receive many, or any, customers. The street was devoid of people.

"Is the villain meeting we're looking for really on this road?" he asked, fiddling with a simple domino mask that they picked up from the same convenience store souvenir corner he bought his Poncho.

Stole. Whatever. He repaid it a few times over tonight with a gold coin left on the counter. Somewhere out there, a convenience store owner can sleep well knowing his wares just made his parallel universe self a lot of money.

By his side, Tattletale nodded. "You wouldn't think it, huh? Consider the street we're on to be natural camouflage. The heroes and cops hardly ever patrol this part of town, which makes the location ideal for the villains to have their big moot. Everybody gets to dress up in their Sunday best and strut their stuff without people giving them side-eyes."

…Were they attending a beauty contest?

You know, that wasn't too far off, the more he thought about it. The meeting had rules for what one could wear and not wear that appeared to depend entirely on aesthetics. Tattletale stated with confidence that Crocea Mors was allowed because it looked like a pretty prop, Meanwhile, his big, long gunlance was a no-go due to it being too intimidating, nevermind that the people in the room possessed superpowers to make them twice as dangerous as any weapon he deigned to carry. Themes were important, so he had a white mask to go with the ambulance motif of his poncho—he drew the line at Tattletale's suggestion of spray painting his sword and shield to match. The masks themselves constituted a form of good manners, meaning Escha wore one of her own, sized for children.

Or maybe that last one was just Tattletale playing a prank. He couldn't tell from the sweet, innocent smile she kept giving him whenever he asked.

Anywho, the whole purpose of looking good for the crowd seemed to revolve around maintaining or increasing a faction's reputation. In short, the supervillains had an informal scoring system that they unironically participated in, which was doing no favors to the beauty contest analogy.

All in all, the life of a supervillain was a strange phenomenon, crossing crimes with theatrics.

His musings ground to a halt as Tattletale held out a hand, indicating that they've arrived at their destination. Before them stood a hovel that could be called a building if one were feeling generous. A sign over the doors proclaimed the name of the establishment, Somer's Rock. What business or clientele it catered to, the store gave not a hint, and without forewarning he would have never pegged it for a bar.

"Welcome to Somer's Rock," Tattletale declared grandly. "Seedy pub by day, seedy villain cape meetup spot by night. Sometimes."

"It looks ready to collapse," he remarked.

Tattletale waggled her hand, "Ehhh, fifty-fifty shot in the next year. Termites got into the supports. And on that happy note, let's head inside."

How about no, he wanted to say. Structural integrity aside, a den of dastardly villains awaited within, dozens against their three. Not just petty thieves like Tattletale, either, but the whole gamut of drug lords and mass murderers and worse, all empowered with various abilities. Including slavers.

What would they do after seeing his pretty face?

Tattletale had been adamant, however, ever since she checked the date printed on the newspaper. In her original timeline, the villains of Brockton Bay brokered a truce here, and marched in force the next day to comb the city for Bakuda, because even hardened criminals could not abide the bomber's reign of destruction. It would be war in the street, and chaos in the neighborhoods that their party intended to visit.

They could either become known entities, or get attacked once someone caught them skulking around. And no better place and time existed to announce themselves than Somer's Rock tonight.

He suggested burning down the bar. Tattletale said no.

As he pushed open the doors, every head turned his way, and Jaune got his first look at the colorful cast of villains calling this city home. There were a good two dozen or so of them scattered among the tables and booths of the run-down pub, orienting on one large table where a discussion seemed to be ongoing, at least before the interruption. Under the dim lights, he must admit that they did their profession proud. Wolf masks and skull helmets, metal armor and monstrous shapes, the occupants of the room exuded a menacing air, coiled like springs from the moment he took a step inside. He recognized the signs—the flexing of hands, the shifting of body balance—for the prelude to violence they were. The villains had been unprepared for his entrance, and they enjoyed it not one bit.

Before anyone could speak, Tattletale strutted into the room, causing the villains to all perform a double-take. Multiple cricks could be heard as people snapped their heads around toward one of the booths set along the wall. There, an identical girl in purple sat with mouth agape.

Tattletale waved to Tattletale. Tattletale stared at Tattletale. In the midst of this surreal scene, a fluffy white cat walking on two legs almost went beneath notice.

Almost, but not quite.

"Ohmigosh, she's wearing a little mask…" a soft voice murmured in awe, audible only due to the near total silence that had overtaken the pub.

Upon hearing that voice, Jaune lost his breath. He recognized it. Recognized her.

Her. Her. Her.

She sat in a booth clear on the opposite side of the room to where everybody was looking, partly blocked from view by a strange gorilla creature in a vest squatting on the floor. The flickering overhead bulbs cast the costume she wore in a much darker shade, the red nearly black.

She was unmistakable.

Jaune bounded across the room in three strides, the steps more akin to leaps as rockets propelled him faster and further than a normal man can hope to imitate. In his wake, noise broke out at the tables he passed by, people rising from their seats. Questions flew after him, demanding to know who he was and what he was doing. As he landed before the booth, the gorilla-thing slapped its long claws over his chest in warning.

It didn't matter. None of them, or any of the other villains, mattered, because she was here in front of him. His friend. The girl he made a promise to. Her.

He reached across the table, taking her hands in his. Completely over the moon, a grin stretched wide on his face, he shouted her name.

"Sundancer!"

…

…

"...Who are you?"

A daze struck him and the world fell away beneath his feet, Jaune stumbling. Unable to come up with a response, he just stared at Sundancer, his jaw flapping open and shut.

Somewhere within the fog of his mind, a little voice of reason whispered a reminder. He stood in a different Worm universe, remember? There were two Tattletales present in the same place, remember? Jaune slowly flushed as he realized that, oh, this Sundancer wasn't his Sundancer.

They were so alike, it hurts. The delicate curve of her face, the slight tilt as she peered up at the taller him, each small detail painted a memory. Who could blame him for the teardrops pooling at the corner of his eyes.

Sundancer looked down to their joined hands, then up at him again. "Um…"

Right about that point, it registered to him just how long he had been standing there, gazing moonstruck at her. Hastily, he released her hands and backed up from the table.

Coughing into a fist, he said, "Sorry, wrong person."

"Bullshit!" accused a villain in a top hat seated at the central table. He had twisted in his chair, one elbow on the backrest, to scowl at Jaune. "You shouted her name to the whole room! What, is there another Sundancer running around town we don't know about?" An odd moment passed where his eyes—widening with terror—flickered to Sundancer, the girl furiously shaking her head in reply. That calmed him some, and he said to Jaune, "I don't remember ever seeing you before. How do you know her?"

Jaune spouted the first excuse that came to him, "It's a common name where I came from!" Then, because every good excuse was improved by connecting it to a string of excuses, he continued, "Coincidences happen! And maybe there is another one of her—look at them!" He gestured at the Tattletales. "What is this, an interrogation?"

Yeees. Turn it back on the questioner. That always worked.

The top-hatted villain tilted his head, sneering. "Might be. You did barge into a rather important meeting without announcing yourself." He swept a hand to indicate the other people at the table, who did not seem to appreciate how thoroughly Jaune had destroyed the serious atmosphere they had going. "Read the mood, friendo."

A very good point, and Jaune raised his hands in a placating motion.

"Okay, look, I'll get to that, and what I have to say will be worth it, I promise. Just…give me a second?" he said, before turning back to Sundancer.

In truth, he had no idea of where to go from here, or how to salvage the situation. This was Sundancer, but not Sundancer, and now she's staring at him like he had three heads. Should he say something? Maybe he could explain?

Grasping at straws, he ended up with: "So, hey, are you doing anything later?"

"Aaalright, casanova." Tattletale appeared at his side, snagging his arm. "Let me stop you right there."

"But—"

She shushed him. "Entertaining as this is, it's not what we're here for. Come along."

She tugged him away from the booth with an insistent grip, and after a moment of hesitation, Jaune relented, somewhat grateful for the chance to exit the hole he had dug for himself.

Of course, that didn't prevent him from throwing glances over his shoulder the whole way. It took Sundancer's teammates little time since his departure to pounce on her, pelting a barrage of questions. His heart melted seeing her fidgeting under the attention.

The gorilla, surprisingly, had quite a feminine voice.

"Mar-Sundancer! Who is this guy? Did you…"

"I-I don't…"

The rest of the conversation faded into the general din of the room. Tattletale had wanted to make an entrance, and he supposed they did. Whispers flung back and forth between the various groups, with hurried offers being made for information that nobody there truly had. The people at the central table feigned a stoic demeanor, except not even they were immune to the sudden development, doing their subtle best to communicate with allies. Everything took a decided frantic pace as Tattletale led Jaune and Escha to said table, which was apparently a big deal in the view of the villains in attendance.

Not one person stopped them. Not yet. The general consensus, as Jaune gauged it, was to wait for another group to put their necks out and test the waters. Because if their party thought they deserved a seat at the table, then that could very well mean they knew something others did not. The villains had a reputation to uphold; they weren't willing to look like fools.

The peace shattered once Jaune pulled out chairs near the top-hatted villain to sit down.

"Oh, so now you're all fine and dandy with handing out the fucking seats?" snarled a man at a booth. He had stood up, fists clenched and glaring, flanked by two others. As a group, the three villains shared the themes of bad teeth and stained costumes. "Why do those nobodies get the invite when I didn't, huh? They sure as shit don't hold any territory."

"Skidmark and his Merchants, a small-time gang," Tattletale murmured in his ear. "Drug peddlers with superpowers."

That's the guy? 'Strips of momentum that can stack until they toss a person to the horizon' Skidmark? Wooow.

Accelerator might just kill this guy for giving vector-control abilities a bad reputation.

"What do we do?" he asked, palm resting on the hilt of his sword. Hint, hint.

"Easy there. I got this." She raised her voice. "I guess if my friends and I are not welcome, then we can walk out the door with all the information we have on Bakuda."

And sure enough, with the magic word spoken, somebody else cut in almost at once.

"There we go, Skidmark. Do you have anything of value to bring forward? Hm? And at least they would not stain the seats after sitting in them. Skid. Mark." The villain at the head of the table, fully armored and donning a crown of blades, stressed the other man's name with distaste, drawing chuckles throughout the room. The mockery held an edge that the Merchants heard loud and clear. Muttering curses, they affected disinterest to save face, sliding back into their booth.

Meanwhile, Jaune was thinking hard. Something was familiar about the crowned villain and the way only half of him was visible above the table's edge, but he couldn't quite put his finger on it.

"That there is Kaiser. He's—" Tattletale cut off her words as the now-named Kaiser turned to them. The man swept a hand at two chairs that were closer to his end of the table.

"We've already started, but you are welcome to join us," he said in a rather polite, charming voice. "I expect your presence shall be… enlightening."

Before Jaune could respond, Tattletale answered, "Thanks ever so much!" And she took the seat she was already at, far away from Kaiser. Jaune glanced at her, receiving a subtle side-eye.

Got it. Not a nice guy.

Casually, he placed a palm on the hilt of his sword. Hint, hint.

The side-eye became a pointed glare until he retracted his hand.

A semblance of normality reasserted upon Somer's Rock as Jaune sat down, insofar that a group which included a gorilla in a vest, a neon orange man, a snake-themed man talking to thin air, and a human lightbulb could be normal.

Then Escha, after pondering between her choices, jumped onto Tattletale's lap where she could bask in scritches. Activity ground to halt again as the villains were reminded of their third member.

Kaiser stared for a bit, before clearing his throat.

"Is that a cat?"

"She's a Case 53," Tattletale gave their prepared answer.

According to her, a Case 53 was the designation that tended to be used for 'monstrous' capes. The gorilla thing over by Sundancer might count as one, and compared to that person, Jaune somewhat saw Tattletale's point about how a cat would be downright mundane.

To emphasize further, she pointed at Escha's face. "See? Mask."

"...Of course," said Kaiser, sounding like he still had many questions.

A waitress emerged from behind the bar, where a pair of men—twins—were working, coming around the table to place a notepad and pen in front of their party. Tattletale quickly wrote down an order for her (tea, black) and for Escha (milk), then passed the pen to him. He followed her lead, writing down 'beer.'

Throughout the process, the villains observed the three of them, scrutinizing each loop and stroke of the pen they made. The following minute waiting for their drinks was likewise an uncomfortable, awkward, and just plain weird experience Jaune never wish to relive. Soon, though, he had his beer, which he sipped from while wondering if someone would comment on the snake-themed villain to his left who continued to insist on doing his own thing.

But then, that was one among the many elephants in the room.

The woman in a welder's mask sitting opposite Tattletale stared at the cat in her lap. Next to the woman, a man in biker leather and a skull-painted motorcycle helmet was alternating his gaze between the snake-themed man, Tattletale, and Tattletale. The Tattletale by the booth was still focused on the Tattletale over here, except now she seemed to be suffering a splitting headache—and oh wow was that Skitter next to her? The one in the top hat won't stop giving Jaune looks of suspicion, with glances over to the Tattletales. Kaiser sat in silence with finger steepled; the people at his back emoted enough for his share, most of them also looking at Tattletale.

Hmmm. Call him crazy, but someone in this entire mess stood out from the rest.

And she reveled in it.

"Turn that frown upside-down, Kaiser. You really need to learn how to roll with things. As for you, Faultline, I'll thank you to cease your fascination with my kitty."

That was directed toward the woman in the welder's mask, who snapped her head up. Tattletale made eye contact, and grinned before moving on.

"Nice evening, isn't it, Trickster? Hope the Travelers had a smooth trip in from Boston."

The top-hatted villain parsed her words, searching for a trick. Finding none only worsen his worry.

"Coil… Bahahahahaha!"

The snake-themed villain gave no reply. Or rather, no reply to anybody present.

"...I suggest we establish a truce. Not just everyone here, but between ourselves and the law…"

Tattletale nudged Jaune. "Give him a poke for me?"

Jaune obliged her, tapping Coil on the arm, and when nothing happened he changed it to a light shove.

That woke him. With a yelp, Coil jerked in his seat so hard that the chair tipped onto the two rear legs, the villain windmilling his arm to keep balance until Jaune caught the chair and helped to plant it firmly back on the floor.

The mask Coil wore had no eye-holes, yet Jaune did not miss the dumbfounded stare leveled at him. Frantically scanning his surroundings as if he had never been in a pub before, the villain's gaze ended at the snickering girl next to Jaune, whose laughter was mirrored by her local counterpart over in the booth, the two sharing the same pitch and cadence in uncanny synchronicity.

"Tattletale," Coil growled.

"Coil," Tattletale growled back playfully, throwing the man off. "Man, what a time to experience a Thinker misfire. Can you quit it? We're busy people and can't waste our night waiting for you."

"I—" He noticed the level of attention on him, how the many villains were unamused by his episode, and he shifted his posture to present a calmer image. It didn't save his waning credibility. "Excuse my lapse, everyone. It has been a trying day, as we all know."

Tattletale nodded in false sympathy. "Then it's a good thing for you that I'm here to hand Bakuda over on a silver platter." The atmosphere of the pub sharpened. At last, they were cutting to the quick of the matter. "Buuut that's no reason to be impolite." Ignoring the sudden hostility directed at her, Tattletale turned to the last person at the table. "Hi, Grue!"

"Tattletale, what the fuck!?" Grue, in the skull helmet, blurted out, composure cracking under the one-two(-three-four-five-six) combo of surprises rearing their heads one after the other. "What did you— How are you—" He waved his arms wildly, trying to convey a dozen questions through body language since words have failed him.

Poor guy would never survive the multiverse.

Tattletale jerked a thumb over her shoulder at her twin. "Oh, you mean her? Yeah, I can't believe you didn't realize it, Grue. Aren't we teammates? She's a clone or something."

"The hell!?" the local Tattletale squawked. She whirled on the person next to her. "No, Skitter, don't just believe her!"

"Shouldn't she?" Tattletale asked, turning around in her seat. "If you were the original, you would have had Thinker powers, meaning you would have said I was the clone instead of sitting there twiddling your thumbs." Tattletale waved her hand dismissively. "Whatever. Quiet in the peanut gallery, please. If you're not at the table, clearly you're not important."

Local Tattletale launched out of the booth, but found herself held around the waist by Skitter, who had latched on to keep her from charging at her twin. The two struggled back and forth, egged on by a boy in a ruffled shirt sitting with them.

Jaune took a long draught of his beer.

Ahhhh. Nice and cold.

Should he be reining in Tattletale right now? Probably.

…He drank his beer.

In his defense, she seemed to be done, anyway, and he trusted her to have a handle on matters. Super-intuition meant she could read the mood of those around them, and knew how far to push the joke without turning the room on their party. At the moment, they held the card of 'information on Bakuda.' It's valuable, thus allowing some leeway, but they were approaching the time to get serious.

Drinking her tea, Tattletale studied her fellow villains with more care. "Huh. Some are missing. That's different," she idly murmured. Nobody understood what she was on about except for Jaune and (maybe) Escha. People present at the meeting in her timeline were absent today.

"Who is?" he asked.

"You wouldn't know them. Some affiliated, some independents. Sucks for Rune, she missed out. You're, like, her dreamboat."

"Because I'm pretty?"

She rolled her eyes. "Sure, that. Plus the little nazi bought into the hype hard, and you're the blondest blond that ever blonded."

Chair legs scraped on the wooden floor as Jaune leaned over to look Tattletale in the eye. "Wait, wait, back up a bit. The nazis are here?" He caught the glances around the room and where they were directed. He jabbed a finger at one end of the table, at Kaiser. "That's these guys? They're nazis? Why are we working with them?"

There was an intake of breath, and Tattletale hurried to speak. Kaiser got there first.

"Is there a problem?" he asked. His voice sounded charming, but Jaune was no longer fooled. The man, and the people behind him, could only be the E88.

"Uh, duh. You're literally demon worshipers!"

Confused faces all around, at least those that could be seen. Jaune didn't understand why. What he said wasn't crazy! An arcade machine in Japan told him so!

Over in her booth, Skitter was heard muttering, "I don't think you know what 'literally' means..."

A gradual silence overtook the pub, tense and ready to snap. People looked at each other, watching for who might chime in. Kaiser's capes were all glaring at Jaune. Tattletale had her face in her hands.

Then, just as the tension began to ebb, Grue couldn't resist the urge to say, "But is he that far off the mark, though?"

A woman glowing pure white scoffed. Kaiser, meanwhile, chuckled as if he heard a great joke.

"I know not what rumors are flying about, but I assure you that you have an entirely wrong impression of us."

Trickster joined in on the conversation. "I dunno. Killing millions does kinda give that blood ritual feel." He mock-shivered, flashing a smirk as the boy in the ruffled shirt piled on.

"Although I think if they were trying to call up Cthulhu or something, then you can still claim they had a purpose. Instead of, well, that."

An E88 cape wearing a gas mask pushed forward. He slammed a fist on the table. "Do not dare to impugn the actions taken by the fatherland. Historically, the troubles of Germany draws a direct line—"

"To them getting whooped the first time around! Then the Nazis came around for seconds—"

"Fighting for the people oppressed between the heavy hand of the foreigners and the hidden hand of the Jews! We had no—"

"What's this 'we' business? Most of you are Americans—"

"The Aryan cause transcends borders—"

"What, you're saying it immigrated over here? Listen to yourself—"

From there, the argument exploded, growing faster than a wildfire to embroil everybody with an opinion. The E88 were shouting, Skitter was shouting, The Travelers were shouting. It reached a volume where people couldn't even hear themselves speak, and were more so adding their voices to a preferred side so that it can drown out the other.

Strangely enough, Kaiser attempted to steer things back on track for a while before becoming a part of the screaming match, at which point a switch flipped and the man went all in, threatening to take his capes and leaving if anyone dared to raise another objection. That didn't go over well, fanning the flames further since everyone else took the declaration as an attempt to assert dominance, and reacted with ultimatums of their own.

Sitting in the middle of the mess he instigated, Jaune scratched his cheek.

"Oops?"

On one side, Tattletale patted him on the shoulder. "All according to plan."

Jaune could not help but notice the stiffness to her grin.

On his other side, Tattletale sneered. "That's a lie! I can tell you're panicking that the E88 are bailing on us!"

"Oh? You sure sound confident for someone without powers, faker."

"You are literally copying me I know what my face looks like!"

An utterly forgotten Jaune sipped at his beer as the two identical girls spat insults at each other.

His eyes panned over the various ongoings of the pub, catching Sundancer's gaze by chance. She had been sneaking glances at him.

He gave an uncertain wave of his hand.

Sundancer looked away.


Author's notes: Sundanceeeer!
.

Who's that lady in the fedora?
Probably nobody important.
.

Villains—We're here to put aside our differences and work together, no distractions.
Jaune—*drops political topic on the table*
Last edited: May 25, 2025
Stories:
QQ Sneaking His Way into the Multiverse , a RWBY Jaune, WC-lite mechanics story.
Other RWBY stories on AO3 or FF - Yakuza Arc | Conquered Menagerie: Annals of the Sixth Kingdom | Cat, Bunny, and the Good Ship Honey Starbright | The Agent
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, arbeis, RSR2000 and 759 others
LazyAutumnMoon
May 24, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 34: A Visitor's Guide to Brockton Bay - The Heroes Live Outside the City
View content
LazyAutumnMoon
LazyAutumnMoon
We all need Sundancer in our life.
JoinedJun 7, 2024
Messages289
Likes received68,284
May 31, 2025
Add bookmark
#1,261
Chapter 34: A Visitor's Guide to Brockton Bay - The Heroes Live Outside the City​

The doors to Somer's Rock closed behind the final member of the E88 with a slam that rattled the frame, a last petty show of anger to those still inside. In their wake, a palpable sense of alarm, of worry prepared to boil over into outright panic, and thoughts along the line of oh crap oh crap we messed up.

The most vocal among the villains just a minute prior now sat in funeral quiet, their fervor doused. With the E88 gone, the empty side of the pub that they used to occupy sure looked empty, and that hadn't even been all of the capes the gang could muster. They formed a sizable contingent that could well have become the backbone of the coalition against Bakuda and the ABB, decreasing the risk to others by dint of the enmity between the two gangs. Little wonder, then, that Jaune soon found himself at the center of attention, the bulk of it decidedly hostile.

It's amazing how emotive some of the capes could be despite their coverings. Coil, for example, tapped a finger on the table, a simple tock-tock cadence that remained steady and even as he gazed at Jaune with disapproval; it lent him the air of a schoolteacher. Faultline feigned disinterest, easily overlooked right up until one noticed she was limbering up in minute increments. Grue, of Tattletale's old team, emitted a wispy not-quite-smoke layer over his clothes that gave his form a distorted, ghostly quality as he loomed. Meanwhile, Trickster gnashed on an unlit cigarette.

The villains had their tics, and displayed them in full to deliver a message: Jaune was walking on thin ice. So thin, it was cracking.

And he was all out of beer. Tragic.

"The departure of the E88 puts us in a tough position, I hope you understand," Coil remarked. Tock-tock. "Every day, the ABB launches more raids on our holdings. Their territory expands by the hour. The damages to our enterprises are compounding one atop the next, and a united front was our best chance to bring this situation to an early close. You've cost us hundreds of thousands in revenue with your actions tonight."

What a great way to put things in perspective, illustrating how screwed Jaune was.

He placed the empty mug on a coaster. Water beaded along the glass, just as it did upon his brow. Without the motion of drinking to steady his nerves, his hand shook ever so slightly.

The calculations began running in his head. Distance to the door. Potential obstacles in between. His speed and what he could accomplish within the split second before the villains reacted. It's nothing so exhaustive as a simulation, just a best guess on where people would end up as a result of his opening move. The ridiculous variety of superpowers he might encounter threw a wrench in the works, but a flashbang grenade was pretty much a superpower if he thought about it. Cracking one of those open could waylay them long enough for him to get Tattletale and Escha out of here.

Hold up. Wait a minute. That might hurt Sundancer.

The tentative plan stalled out as he considered this new conundrum. Not for long. He soon came to the conclusion that, since she was able to stare into the suns she summons without batting an eye, a flashbang shouldn't even make her blink. Which rather presented a different problem, namely that she would be in position to kick his butt for attacking her teammates.

Not that he was afraid of facing the girl who in another life burned Leviathan, obviously. He was… he was concerned. Yes, that's the real reason.

Visions of a blazing hot fireball frying him to a crisp, Rathalos armor and all, flashed through his mind.

New plan it was. One involving no combat whatsoever. And while he wouldn't dare call rhetoric his forte, there was a certain fast-talking girl by his side to shore up that front.

Not the one seething on his left. The other side.

If Tattletale was nervous, she played it off well. He doubted anybody beside the girl herself could tell. Lounging back in her seat, she affected a cool demeanor, one hand petting the white cat in her lap.

"You accuse us of costing you money," she replied to Coil. "I say that we just kicked out the biggest ball and chain around the neck of this alliance. Did any of you here actually want to work with the nazis? Truly?" She looked around the room. "You should thank us."

Of course, fast-talking did not equate to good diplomacy.

"Tattletale," he muttered in worry.

"Shh. I got this."

Under the table, a flashbang grenade appeared in his hand. Looks like 'Plan A' was back on again.

…Man, fighting the sun was not on his bingo card for today.

Raising her voice, Tattletale continued, "See, here's the thing. Kaiser walked out before getting the full picture. That means he has zero claim to a slice of the pie I'm offering, as far I'm concerned, and I know for a fact his group would have insisted on the biggest bite had they stayed to listen. That's the perk of owning a lot of capes—they get their way over the rest of us. Now, they won't."

"Pretty words. Typical of you," said Faultline. "How about you tell us straight what it is that you're offering, hm?" To contrast the mild tone of the question, the woman kept a hand inside a pocket on her costume, a strange part-military armor, part-dress ensemble. Jaune watched it carefully. She seemed to subscribe to the same idea as him, prepared for the meeting to go bad, and fast.

Tattletale had picked up on it, too, and she cut to chase. "Bakuda's location. No runaround. No bullshit. I know where her workshops are and I can lead you to her. I know where she left caches for her people to rearm, how to disable the bombs she set up. I know what her big play is, and I have a strategy to take her down without the entire East Coast getting sent back to the Stone Age. And once the ABB is gone, that's the entirety of their territory for you to split among yourselves, no sharing with E88 needed."

Tock—silence. Coil leaned forward in his chair. Faultline had gone still; Grue, same. Trickster was glancing over at Coil.

"Does that sound like something you'd be interested in, ladies and gentlemen?" Tattletale asked sweetly. In her lap, Escha purred.

The skintight costume Coil wore allowed Jaune to spot him swallowing his spit. "Those are very bold claims you're making," the villain said.

"The East Coast?" Grue added, keeping it terse.

Tattletale nodded. "She's working on an EMP bomb to take out every piece of electronics within range, which measures in the hundreds of miles. Considering the city's tech sector is one of its sole bright spots… without interference, it's bye-bye Brockton Bay."

"Hang on," Faultline interrupted. "How would you even know this? And what makes you think you can promise any of that?"

On Tattletale's face grew a smirk. She sat straighter, making eye contact with the villains one by one.

"Because I'm Tattletale."

The assembled villains shared glances, followed by a collective exhalation of breath. Then came a scoff here, a derisive wave of the hand there.

The negative reception did nothing to faze Tattletale, and she pressed on. "Thinker 7. Take a moment to appreciate what the rating means. A mind that would make you weep if you realize the difference between us. I saw the signs and connected the dots. The rest was child's play."

Jaune resisted the urge to pull a face. Not because he didn't believe her, though let it be stated for the records that he had witnessed her lose her mind over simple matters of physics. No, if asked, he'd argue the so-called 'Thinker 7' rating undersold her current capabilities. After all, she was cheating hard.

"That's only if you're real, which you're not," said Tattletale.

"More real than you, sweetie," said Tattletale.

"Your disguise is flawed, and badly so. The details are wrong," said Tattletale.

"You mean how I'm in the peak of my health? Yeah, I work out. You can look like this too, with a bit of effort. Plus maybe some fresh air and better company," said Tattletale.

"I'm fine where I am, thanks," said Tattletale.

"That's the problem," said Tattletale.

Said. Said. Said. Said. Said. And on it went. The people listening in were soon developing nasty cricks in their necks as they tried to follow the ping-ponging conversation, the twin voices overlapping to make it difficult to tell when one girl stopped talking and the other began. The neon-orange villain and the capes sitting with Skitter have checked out altogether, expressions vacant.

It was Grue that put an end to the back and forth. "Tattletale, enough," he ordered the local counterpart, slapping a palm on the table for emphasis.

"But—"

"We've already discussed this. I'm handling things. Go sit with our team."

To Jaune's frank surprise, she did. Reluctantly, but she did.

Tattletale had told him little about her band of teenage ne'er-do-wells, touching on the broadest strokes whenever he asked. He always assumed she led them. The hierarchy on display, however, pointed to Grue as the leader of the team.

With the way the remaining Tattletale glared at Grue, she harbored some disagreement with that state of affairs, and appreciated neither the reminder nor his interference.

"You never could resist a power play, can you, Grue?"

The young man growled, "Tattletale…"

"Oh, please. Save it for someone who cares," Tattletale simpered. Leaning over, she rested her head on Jaune's shoulder. "My partner's a lot more reliable than you will ever be. You ran from a fire-breathing lizard. He killed two."

There was a beat of silence in response to that. The glances sent his way became more calculating, first impressions being revised with new information, albeit with a fair amount of skepticism. Then, Faultline spoke up.

"Please don't tell me there are clones of Lung running around."

Tattletale snickered. "There aren't, and still I haven't told a single lie. He"—she patted him on the arm, before sitting up—"brings a certain skill set to the table that you will find very valuable." She stressed the last word.

Jaune recognized the signal. The game plan had gone topsy-turvy within the first minute, but it looked like Tattletale saw an opening to steady their course. Trusting her, he turned his palm resting on the chair's arm upward. The casual gesture went beneath notice at first, until…

Clink. Clink-clink.

There's something about the sound of coins that commands one's attention. The glint of gold held an allure to the human eye. An empty palm now brandished a stack of gold coins, rising and falling in a rhythm that had Trickster leaning around Tattletale for a closer look, and prompted spectators in the background to crane their necks.

"Ta-da~" Tattletale made jazz hands, motioning to him. "Say hello to my mobile bomb disposal squad. With a single touch, he can whisk a bomb to another dimension. You've also witnessed the speed and agility he can bring to bear, worthy of a Mover rating in my humble estimation. His fearlessness is certainly not in question, for who can forget how he called out the E88 to their face."

His mistakes sure sounded impressive when she put it like that. Tattletale could find good work as a hype man.

"And that's not all! Show them!"

The coins vanished, replaced by a crowbar. It garnered a bit of confusion, which turned to outcry as he took the crowbar and whacked his opposite arm without so much as a flinch. Aura shimmered over unblemished flesh.

"A forcefield protects him from blades, bullets, bombs, probably bees, and whatever else you care to throw at him!"

"I reserve the right to retaliate against anybody who tries," Jaune quickly tacked on a disclaimer, as every good salesman should.

"He's the best hope of Brockton Bay to survive the week. Give him a round of applause!"

He didn't even get cricket noises. Sadness.

Still, the message found an audience. As they've done in Dunwall, Tattletale was advertising their services, highlighting something more substantial than a smattering of information that could be pried out of them. By making their party valuable, they would ensure the villains couldn't touch a hair on their heads. The removal of the E88 hadn't been one of the steps, although he supposed it worked to their advantage in the end.

Was there a name for that? Causing a problem and then selling the solution?

"An interesting mix of powers," Coil said as the pitch wound down. "It changes little. Grab-bag cape he may be, he is a single person to replace the E88's current roster of fifteen or so capes that you've lost us. We no longer have the numbers to mount an attack on the ABB, and your information is likewise of no use as a result. I'm afraid you remain deep in debt to us."

'To me,' Coil meant, Jaune was sure. The man saw value, but now came the haggling.

Tattletale pursed her lips. "Yes, that is an issue, huh? How many people had the ABB recruited by this point… Grue?"

Grue regarded Tattletale for a long moment, thoughts inscrutable behind his helmet. He hesitated, then plunged a hand into his jacket to retrieve a package. Inside contained a stack of those old-timey CDs people used to play music on.

"Bakuda videotaped her ambush of my team a week ago. We found the equipment after she ran, and I made copies. Some of the things she said may be of interest to you." His words were spoken in a practiced cadence, as if he had drilled them beforehand. "One big thing is that Lung can be considered a leader in name only, even if he doesn't realize it. The existence of the ABB depends on Bakuda. She's replenishing their ranks by abducting people in the night and putting bombs in their heads. If they want to stay alive, they serve as her soldiers to grab more victims. Tattletale"—he indicated his teammate in the booth—"estimates that there are at least three hundred of them by now. They either fight for Bakuda, or die. Worse, she rigged them to go off if her heart stops, so assassinating her isn't exactly a simple thing to do."

Jaune winced at the reminder, and reached over to offer Escha a comforting pat on her little shoulder. However this meeting ends, pretending the problem belonged to other people really wouldn't cut it. Bakuda had to go down.

"Thank you for the contribution, Grue. I'm glad to hear it matches what I already know." Tattletale nodded in satisfaction. "Three hundred ABB members minimum. A daunting figure when we add Lung, Oni Lee, and Bakuda into the mix. Although… is anyone else even more glad the E88 isn't here? I can see Kaiser killing Bakuda on purpose to set off those bombs. He's made his position clear multiple times on the worth of Asian lives, as I recall."

"Doing so would earn him a Birdcage sentence," Coil said. His light tone hinted that the villain wouldn't mourn removing two rival gangs, instead of just one.

Tattletale flicked her hand. "Please. People see us working with nazis, we get tarred in the same brush. It'd earn us all a Birdcage sentence."

Grudging nods passed among the onlookers, plus a few worried whispers along the line of 'oh god, would they really?'

"You're making this op sound less attractive by the second," Trickster said.

"Exactly!" Tattletale agreed. "The ABB territory comes with great opportunities and great risks, so you have to put more care into it. What you need aren't just capes, but capes that could be trusted to play it by the books and won't blow everybody up. Capes we can give you."

Jaune turned to stare at Tattletale.

We can?

She motioned him to stay quiet, and waited for someone to take the bait.

"Who?"

Tattletale broke out in a grin, and turned to answer Skitter. "Who else? The E88 aren't the only group in Brockton Bay with a lot of capes. Hint, hint, they have a clubhouse on the bay."

"Are you talking about the Protectorate?" Grue guessed. It was immediately followed by outcry from all corners of the pub.

Coil shook his head. "Did you expect they'd agree to this? The heroes might be incentivized to keep out of our way, but they won't accept working with villains."

"Due to optics," Tattletale pointed out. "A big part of that stems from the problematic image of being seen as colluding with the E88, a problem we've now solved. That gives them wiggle room to compromise. Also, who says they're going to do anything with villains? They'll be working with an independent hero, one offering Bakuda to them on a silver plate, and may or may not have a line of communications to villains. See? Nicely vague and deniable."

Jaune wondered who would be the poor sap saddled with that job. Then he realized Tattletale was looking at him.

"Me?"

"Him?" Coil asked at the same time as Grue.

"They'd never buy it," Faultline followed up at once. "They'll think it's a trick."

Tattletale jabbed a finger at her. "And that's where you're wrong, Faultline, because my friend here is going to give them a reason to trust him!"

"Really. How?"

"He will unmask."

Dead silence. Not even a lone dissenting laugh. Jaune turned from one side of the room to the other, and every villain was staring at him like, well, like Sundancer did earlier. With absolute bewilderment. More than one shook their head, unwilling to believe Tattletale.

Their shock held a certain level of sense. In the comics, taking off a mask meant revealing a secret identity. A thing never to be done lightly.

Of course, he possessed no secret identity in this universe. But they wouldn't know that. In their view, he had just volunteered (or got voluntold, anyway) to make a significant sacrifice for their cause. He could practically see the thoughts swirling behind their eyes.

This brave, brave hero. Why, we should give him half the kingdom and a princess to go with it!

Yep. Definitely that, rather than unkind remarks about his intelligence or lack thereof.

Slowly, Jaune reached up, and he took no small pleasure at how they tracked his hand with rapt attention. Whispers broke the silence as he pinched the edge of the domino mask, it dawning on them that he was entirely serious.

With a flourish, he whipped off the mask, revealing to the world that the mysterious stranger before them had been Jaune Arc all along!

…Not that they had a clue who Jaune Arc was. Damn. What a waste of a dramatic moment. He'd have to try this again sometimes with people he knew.

Jaune tossed the mask over his shoulder, letting it land on the floor. He held still as Tattletale showed him off to the crowd.

"Look at this face!" She gently turned his chin to one side, then the other. "Doesn't it just scream 'good boy' to you? The heroes won't know what hit them!"

Her boast received evaluating hums from the onlookers, with the occasional nod of respect for what was thought to be an act of conviction—moral fiber, even. The important thing to note, was that they stayed. Whether out of common greed, or the pure fascination of seeing where this performance goes next, the villains were willing to listen for a little bit further.

And that little bit was Tattletale's way in.


-o-​


Jaune rested his arms on the boardwalk railings, enjoying the night air as he stared out to sea.

The boardwalk of Brockton Bay, as Tattletale told it, was one of the more popular places to hang out. After the city fell into decline and the beach tourism trade dried up, the stores turned inward, gearing their wares with an eye towards the locals rather than the out-of-towners. It helped them survive the tumultuous years that followed, and nowadays people come out to the boardwalk at all hours, seeking entertainment, shopping deals, and so on.

Due to the curfew in effect, he had the place to himself. A moment to just be, without life getting in the way.

The rain has stopped, and it's peaceful here. Lonely, but the sort of lonely he didn't mind, where there's this sense that a thousand other people were gazing at the sky, same as him, to create a connection more real than mere faces and names.

Some of them would be just over there, a half-mile out onto the bay.

The Protectorate East-North-East Headquarters was retrofitted from a previous installation, something called an oil rig. Originally meant for industrial work, the place fell under the hand of an architect who took it in an artsier bent. Now, swooping arches and spires replaced steel scaffolding, and a great edifice loomed tall in the night, surrounded by a forcefield whose ever-shimmering colors danced upon the waters.

Near an hour, and he has yet to tire of the sight. This world did not lack for beauty, though he supposed he already learned that the first go-round. There's wonder to be found, overlooked amidst the banality and the selfish evils.

At ten minutes to the appointed time, a path opened from the base to the mainland, appearing from thin air. The bridge was formed from the same material as the forcefield, translucent in a half-there, half-not way. On closer look, it reminded him of Hardlight technology. Felt like Hardlight, too, as he put a tentative foot atop the end located on his side of the bay, connected to a pier.

It held his weight fine. No shakiness or worrisome cracking noises. Reassured, he began making his way across.

The experience rather grew on him. Journeying on a rainbow bridge hanging above the vast sea, leaving the city lights behind. No railings on either side, and everything at a distance so that it's just him on a long, long road. There's a romance to it.

A shame that he couldn't linger. Tattletale hashed out a number of compromises from the meeting at Somer's Rock, among them a truce between the villains (aided somewhat by Coil paying Faultline's group to cooperate), an agreement that gave Jaune's team leeway to pursue their own goals unimpeded (and wasn't Coil curious of what those may be), and a defensive pact for the next few weeks against the E88 should they cause trouble (a condition Coil threw his support behind).

Which pretty much all hinged on him bringing the heroes aboard. No heroes, no deal, everybody gangs up to deal with Jaune, Tattletale and Escha. 'Permanently' implied.

He'd say no pressure, but that would be a complete lie.

Soon, he passed the midpoint, then half that again. The details inside the forcefield began to grow clearer, letting him pick out the roster of people fanned out in a loose half-circle. He could (probably) name most of them; Tattletale had gone over the list an hour earlier. Like him, they were dressed in colorful costumes, although where his consisted of stuff taken from the backstage of a theater on the way over here, meant for a play called The Three Musketeers, theirs ranged toward modern, even futuristic, gear built for function as well as form.

Seeing them helped to hit home the surreal circumstances he was in—both the superhero thing, and the time thing. Some, like Battery and Vista, he recognized from their merch. Pictures on a T-shirt, and not much of an impression beyond that. Others brought forth more complicated feelings. Miss Militia in her red, white, and blue bandana. Clockblocker, with white armor covered in clocks. He remembered one by how she died, and the other as the boy choked on lungfuls of water.

None were so complicated as the sight of the man standing front and center.

Armsmaster looked immaculate in his armor, the blue metal gleaming in the light. Tall and powerfully-built, he stood a head above his peers. His halberd rested in one hand, the heel of it driven against the ground—posed, rather than brandished, though Jaune doubted not one bit of its capabilities. A silver visor obscured his eyes, leaving the bearded lower face exposed. The firm set of the jaw and thinned lips conveyed a stoic demeanor, until Jaune got closer, and it was replaced by a warm smile, one containing the barest trace—deliberately done—of a confident smirk. A greeting, and a warning. The man was here for peace, but prepared beforehand for violence, so Jaune had better not try any tricks.

He appeared a man that one would gladly follow into war. The very image of a hero.

Right away, Jaune wanted to punch him. He knew that the smirk went further than simple confidence. Ruthless arrogance, cruelty even, lurked behind it.

Which made it such a mind screw when the man gave a welcoming wave just as Jaune reached the forcefield.

"Hello there!"

You're a monster, a backstabber, a dead man walking and I swear I will—wait, no, the guy hasn't done any of that yet, and Tattletale might just lose it if he screwed up a second meeting with potential allies. So, instead of drawing his sword, Jaune raised his hand to return the greeting.

"Hi?"

Evidently, hesitance and bewilderment were the right answers, because Armsmaster adjusted his grip on the halberd to a more casual stance. Jaune took it as an invitation to advance forward, flowing cape swirling in the wind behind him.

The barrier blinked off for him to pass, reactivating right after.

Now, if he was a villain, he could see how that would have been utterly terrifying, being trapped inside a bubble with a ton of potential enemies and no backup, to explain why none of them had entertained a parley with the Protectorate before Tattletale brought it up. As he hadn't committed any crimes around these parts worth mentioning, Jaune continued on without a backward glance. It earned him further points judging by the visible shift in postures. Fists unclenched. A couple of the younger heroes exhaled in relief. The troopers in black riot gear flanking the heroes from a distance allowed their guns to point a little lower than previous.

By and large, the first impression seemed to be going well, though there was still a fair amount of scrutiny among the heroes regarding him. He didn't think it was all due to the lack of a mask, since one of their numbers also forwent hers, a teenage girl floating above her allies. Glory Girl, his memory provided; the first superhero he had ever seen when she cratered the road in front of his face. Today, she was less 'scared teenager put in the fight of her life' and more 'beauty pageant contestant smiling for the judges,' complete with a tiara, bobbing up and down as she watched him approach.

As soon as he came to a stop, Glory Girl blurted out, "Ooh, he's hot! Gallant, look. Your dream guy does exist!"

Near everybody did a double-take. None exhibited a greater reaction than the person below her, a man armored in silver robo-knight aesthetic. "V–Glory Girl?" Gallant asked, the confusion ringing clear in his voice. He didn't sound any older than Jaune.

"What? Come on, he's like a male version of me!"

Were they? He supposed her face did have that Remnant quality, the symmetry thing Tattletale kept harping on about, but besides that they're not much alike in his view.

It must differ for people from Earth, because Gallant took a second, longer look. After a beat, something clicked and the hero rubbed his chin in consideration.

"Oh~."

The flirtatious tone sounded off. Stilted. Jaune chalked it down as shyness on Gallant's part. Chuckling, he replied, "I'm, ah, I'm flattered? But that's not what I'm looking for here, sorry."

Rather than being sad, the other boy accepted the rejection with a carefree shrug. The dullness of the response hinted to Jaune that he was missing critical context.

Glory Girl, meanwhile, brightened. "Oh, good. He's not a nazi." She caught his uncomprehending expression. " Sorry about that. I figured it was best to clear matters up, what with the costume and the hair and all. Not that I pegged you for one," she hastily added. "It's just this city, you know?"

Not the first time he heard that sentiment.

In disappointment, Jaune dialed back his ego a few notches. They weren't checking him out for his face, but for the potential of him being part of E88, the group with an apparent fetish for his hair color. From the clues it seemed like he would have taken offense to the notion of relationships between men had he been in the gang.

Although, what about relationships between women? Mixed throuples? What if a person was propositioned by twins? Hot twins? Many, many questions. Few answers.

Speaking of hair color, he couldn't help but notice a small detail. "Excuse me, aren't you…?" He trailed off, his eyes flicking up to the tiara atop Glory Girl's head, and the long golden locks on which it rests.

In a blink, she crossed the distance between them. Hands on her hips, she glared down at him from the air.

"Hey! I'm a New Wave girl, thanks very much! My family's the other bunch of blondes with powers, and if there's one thing people know about us Dallons and Pelhams, it's that we don't hold any truck with nazis." She pounded her fist into her palm, and gave an emphatic nod.

Backing up half a step, he raised his hands in a placating gesture. "My bad. I'm not from around here, and I didn't know. You're fighting them? Hey, then you're doing us blondes a great service," he complimented, as he too wasn't really enjoying the way a group with such bad reputations have laid claim to a pretty damn common trait. Tarring him with the same brush, Tattletale would say, like how the superstition of black cats being bad luck came about. (Adorable fellas couldn't catch a break just because they shared vague characteristics with the Grimm.)

The stern expression cracked. "Thank you, I try," Glory Girl said with a grin. "And don't worry. You're in my good books as a fellow appreciator of the classics." She spun in the air for emphasis, the cape attached to her shoulders flaring out.

He glanced down at a similar white cape that had replaced his poncho, a costume choice he held misgivings about back when the people tasked with helping him put together an outfit first suggested it. Yes, the accessory screamed quintessential superhero fashion, but there was such a thing as too ostentatious to his mind. Except it had been harder to argue the point while looking at this world's Sundancer from up close as she wrapped the cape around his shoulders, trying to keep cool as he fell in the rabbit hole of wondering whether the girl he knew shared the same tastes in costume colors and effects as her counterpart.

Good tastes they were. The end result resembled something out of the pages of a fairy tale, all hero-like with the cape swishing in a manner very suitably dramatic.

And if it gave him an in with at least one of the heroes, then hey, why not.

As for the rest of the people present, the show and dance had done a fair bit to break the ice, with the heroes behaving in a less guarded manner now that they've had a chance to evaluate his responses. He even caught a couple of brief smiles, plus some whispered ribbing between the younger heroes and Gallant.

The boy that got eviscerated by Leviathan waved to him. He waved back, trying not to grimace.

"That's Kid Win," Glory Girl said for his benefit, repositioning next to him so he could get an unobstructed view of the Protectorate. "The resident teenage tinker."

"A Tinker's one of those guys that build stuff, right?"

She laughed. "Wow, what an understatement. I'm gonna guess you're not one, or you wouldn't put it like that. What's your power, then? Oh, wait! What's your cape name?"

Many ears turned to listen carefully.

Jaune himself straightened up. He had been waiting for this chance. Resting one hand on the pommel of his sword, he flicked his cape with the other to let it billow in the sea breeze.

"You can call me… the HuntsMan!"

Who could ever imagine that a passing daydream would at last be realized. He may now die happy.

Glory Girl cocked her head. "The Huntsman?"

"Capitalize the M." Very important. They wouldn't want to confuse people, after all. One was a calling. The other, destiny.

Of course, that was all lost on the locals.

"Right, well, it's… not bad. And if you need help spitballing a different name, I'd be glad to help!" Glory Girl said with forced cheer. "You can also try asking the Protectorate, they have a PR department that's pretty experienced with coordinating names and costumes."

"We'll provide you with a number to call," Armsmaster segued in, thus ensuring that Jaune will throw the number in the ocean. "For now—"

"Powers!" Glory Girl said, pumping a fist.

"Yes." Oho, that clipped tone. Someone didn't enjoy getting interrupted. "We would like confirmation that you are a parahuman."

Jaune almost scowled, managing to smooth out his expression at the last second. "I don't mind, but why is that necessary?"

"We need verifiable information before we can trust anything else you say."

He spotted multiple people wincing the moment those words left Armsmaster, and he couldn't blame them. The brusqueness of the comment had thrown him off, too. Did he somehow give the impression that he was a liar?

"Okay, so, I hadn't minded showing you, but now I kind of do," he said, returning blunt honesty with blunt honesty. "I mean, it's not like I don't understand. Look." He pointed at his bare face. "I came here without a mask because I figure you guys deserve a bit of trust. You plain haven't returned that, and now you're asking for more. Is that fair?"

Could he have kept a rein on his composure? Be the better man? Maybe. If it had been someone other than this 'hero' who raised the matter.

Armsmaster opened his mouth to reply. Glory Girl got there ahead of him, zooming between Jaune and the other man. She had a panicky look on her face, hands waving for everyone to calm down.

"Hey, how about I show my powers first, just to be polite? Yeah?" She spun around to face Jaune. "Sounds good?"

"N—"

"Good!"

Her interruptions weren't so funny once it was turned around on him. Jaune shot Glory Girl a glare, receiving from her a faux-innocent flutter of the eyelashes.

He scoffed. She took it as agreement, and flew closer.

"Alright, so I can fly, obviously." Glory Girl pointed below at her legs hovering inches away from the ground. "But it's not all I'm capable of. Here, try punching me. Don't worry and give it a—ow, you dick!" She held her arm, more from surprise than any actual pain. "You didn't even hesitate!"

"What? You said to punch!" Meaning, she can probably handle it, and maybe punch him harder. One did not survive combat classes without learning that lesson. "Besides, I'm pretty sure I didn't manage to even do anything."

The blow landed, no doubt about it. Only, it felt like he struck a rock.

"Well, yeah, but haven't you heard of chivalry?" Glory Girl said with a pout.

Sure he did. It died in Beacon.

Nowadays, he reserved gentleness for those he knew wasn't as sturdy as him, civilians and other squishy people. This superhero definitely fell outside the list. Assuming he was right, then invulnerability was Glory Girl's other power, which explained why she took point in approaching him for the meeting. Had he intended ill, she stood a better chance of surviving an ambush than her colleagues might. And despite her grumblings, Glory Girl shrugged off the punch with an ease that made Jaune jealous. In seconds, she had forgotten it altogether, becoming chirpy and hale as previous.

"Sooo?" she hinted, flying next to him to prop an elbow on his shoulder. Jaune couldn't shake the feeling that the gesture was another test to make doubly, triply certain he was no threat. "Your turn, mister."

Fair enough. He thought of using the crowbar demonstration again, before deciding on an easier method.

"Ahaha… punch me."

With a laugh of her own, she obliged his request. Thus, Aura lit him aglow for the world to see, and it was Glory Girl's turn to gawk.

"Wait. Wait a minute. Are we related?"

Although, that's not what he expected her to ask.

"What makes you think we're related? I'm not from around here, remember?"

"You have a forcefield! That's, like, a New Wave specialty, a-and I have an uncle who moved out west we lost contact with!" Her eyes had grown wide, and she looked at him with an open-mouthed smile. "Can you shoot lasers, too?"

He shook his head. "No lasers, sorry. You might be seeing too much into it."

"But your looks! And you specifically chose to wear a cape like mine!" Before he could correct her on that, she seized him by the shoulders, and Jaune's feet left the ground. Holy, she's strong. "What's your name?" Glory Girl pressed. "Your real name?"

"Glory Girl! That's enough!"

The girl released Jaune, twirling around. "But Dauntless—"

"He gave us a cape name for a reason. Please, respect it." The man, dressed in armor reminiscent of Pyrrha's style, nodded his head at Armsmaster. "We've already asked a lot from him."

The insinuation that she was doing the same thing she rebuked Armsmaster for struck Glory Girl dumb, and she wilted with a chagrined expression.

Jaune sort of felt bad about that, not least because he didn't mind giving his name, in truth. It wouldn't mean much to Glory Girl, in any case. Might even put to rest the misunderstanding of him being some long-lost cousin coming back to meet the family.

"I apologize for that mishap, HuntsMan," Dauntless said. "If…" He glanced between the two blondes. "If you wish to discuss this matter in private later, I'd understand."

What he wished was for the guy to stop making assumptions, since the tacit agreement with Glory Girl's wild theories seemed to have only emboldened the younger heroine further. Boy, was Glory Girl going to be disappointed when he never shows up to that conversation.

Oblivious to his thoughts, Dauntless continued. "On behalf of the Protectorate, I thank you for the trust you've placed in us." He paused to let his colleagues chime in with various nods and grunts of acknowledgment. "Now, in the phone call, you claim to have news on the current situation within the city?"

Finally getting to it, huh?

"News, and an offer." He vaguely gestured at Brockton Bay. "I know where to find Bakuda."

With that, he seized their whole-hearted attention. From the oldest to the youngest, the heroes stared at him with unnerving focus. One, Clockblocker, took a half-step forward.

"Are you serious!? Where?" he asked.

Jaune motioned for him to wait. "Hold on, now. Let's not go running off just yet. Finding Bakuda is one thing, taking her down another. There's a lot of people standing between us and her. Gangsters. Press-ganged civilians. Lung. Oni Lee. You need help."

Lips curled down, and knuckles cracked. Some of them hadn't enjoyed hearing that. Others, like Dauntless, were nodding, recognizing what they already knew.

"That's why I've been in contact with a number of capes, and they proposed—"

"Who?" Miss Militia didn't snap at him, but she wasn't nice about it, either.

And, oh my, was that a big shotgun she's holding. Green, mean, and half-raised in his direction to boot.

"Well, they're… locals." A nice, safe word to use, because he got a nasty suspicion of what was setting Miss Militia on edge. "Capes who are very concerned about the state of the city, since, you know, they're also living here. They don't want to die, like any of us. This is, I think, a time where banding together—"

The barrel of the gun rose a little higher. In a matter-of-fact tone, Miss Militia declared, "He's working with villains."

"Not the nazis!" Jaune quickly said, hands raised to ward off Glory Girl.

A look around, it became clear that in the span of a breath, the goodwill he garnered had vanished with the wind. The heroes have taken up guarded stances, the troopers further back following suit to aim their rifles in his direction. Violence wasn't imminent yet, but it's close.

The heroes to worry him most were those with hands splayed wide. Somehow, he didn't think they're signaling for peace. Powers were in play, locked and loaded.

With the forcefield at his back, he couldn't run. The only course forward was to seek victory. "The city's burning down," he reminded them. "The people are scared. Dying. I have a solution. Are you really unable to listen for a little longer?"

The ensuing silence spoke volumes. He was ready to start blasting with a gunlance when Dauntless signaled for his side to wait.

"Let's hear him out."

Jaune smiled.

"There's only one of him," Dauntless added. "We can subdue him afterward with almost no effort."

Jaune frowned. "Hey now, I'm pretty confident I can beat up a few of you."

Dauntless slapped a hand over his eyes.

"That's not helping your case, bud."

"Yeah, I, ah, I realized that right after I said it." Jaune glanced away, mildly embarrassed. A hand came up to rub the back of his head. Surprisingly, it made a number of people relax, perhaps because they recognized his good nature and intentions.

The whispers of 'He's an idiot!' and similar were not appreciated.

"Just… get on with it," said Dauntless.

"Right." Jaune cleared his throat. "You don't want to work with villains. I understand. I don't like most of them either." He winced, as Miss Militia seemed to have latched onto the 'most' part. Her glowing-green gun shifted to the shape of an assault rifle. Useful power, scary lady. "All except two, really." Four, if he counted Tattletale and Sundancer twice. "But, here's the thing, I don't think they're lying when they said they want to stop Bakuda. Criminal doesn't mean you're okay with seeing somebody's head explode into tiny chunks, you know?"

Dauntless sighed. "Yes, but that doesn't mean we can accept their help. They're as much a problem to Brockton Bay as—"

"As much?" Jaune asked. "Are you sure?" He mimed his head exploding. The image drew a shudder from Dauntless. From Glory Girl, too.

"They're still a problem," Dauntless amended. "And the laws governing our conduct do not allow for it, in any case. Agreements with criminal elements beyond the Endbringer truce are grounds for corruption charges, among other things."

"Even when the people you're supposed to protect are dying?"

"..."

Jaune ran a hand through his hair, trying to come to grips with the crazy new layer he had discovered about Earth Bet.

The city was in danger. The city was in danger. In such circumstances, corruption charges—consequences in general, really—were for afterward, if ever. This moment called for people to man the barricades.

"You're more familiar with the villains than I am. I know that," Jaune said to the crowd. They accepted it as the obvious. "And, yes, I get it's a hard ask for you to trust your back to those who are on the other side of the law. I probably would have raised a stink if my teammate asked me to ally with the E88, even if I hadn't driven them to ditch the villains' meeting by accident."

"Hang on, you did what?" Clockblocker half-asked, half-laughed in surprise.

"Shush. We don't talk about that."

Tattletale had summed up the organization in one simple word for him: traitors. Whatever else they were, the E88 believed in killing their fellow man. Reveled in it, with not just a string but a whole thick rope of murders in Brockton Bay that stretched back decades. Then there were the preceding events on the opposite side of the world.

In short, not all that different from demon worshipers. Or Grimm.

Truly, Tattletale had a way with words.

A brief smile, and he refocused on Dauntless. "Point is, ask yourself what your values are. Would the villains be impossible to trust at all, no matter who they are, or are they simply unpleasant? There's unforgivable, and there's distasteful. One is a non-starter, the other I can accommodate you."

Dauntless made to speak, paused, and tilted his head. "What do you mean by that?"

Welp, time to see if Tattletale's idea was the right one. "You aren't working with villains. I'm not a villain." He gave a theatrical bow. "The HuntsMan is an independent hero, thank you very much. I don't have a criminal record to muddle the waters." No record, period, but that was beside the point. "Go ahead on this with me, and it's possible you'll meet faces from the other side while you're in the field. It's also possible they'd ignore you completely to focus on the ABB. But you're definitely not working together, because the only person you would be in contact with is me."

He had Dauntless. The hero with the 'V' on his chest, too—Velocity. The one snickering in the back, Assault. The younger heroes, except for Vista and the tall one in red.

Glory Girl was iffy—scratch that, she was braced to punch him, fist cocked back.

Not Miss Militia. Not Triumph, with the lion helmet. Not Battery.

Not Armsmaster, who was shaking his head and striding forward, halberd brandished in a stance filled with aggressive intent. His decision carried behind it weight. The moment they saw the man taking action, the heroes on Jaune's side of the fence started to tip back the opposite way, falling in line. The encirclement around Jaune tightened, the course of the immediate future clear.

Alright, that failed, and negotiations were breaking down fast. Time for Plan B.

Thank you, Tattletale.

"Did I mention," he said in a cheery voice, tapping his chin as he glanced upward in feigned thought, "that I can provide you with the identities of the E88 capes?"

After, he could have heard a pin drop. The heroes stood frozen in their tracks, their leader Armsmaster slack-jawed with the edge of his halberd pointed at Jaune's throat.

Jaune grinned like a Tattletale. "No, I don't think I did." He peered from face to face. "That's right, ladies and gentlemen, this isn't just you cooperating with me to take out one gang, but you paving a path towards putting a second gang on the chopping block. It'd be the biggest win of your careers."

Bribing officers of the law. What was the sentence for that? Tattletale had told him the surprising answer.

Just don't call it bribery, and they were golden so long as everybody played ball. It's for a good cause, after all.

"Of course, I hear that you guys have certain rules to this sort of thing." He placed a finger in front of his lips, and winked. "So we'll have to keep it quiet, yeah?"


-o-​


Jaune ducked into the alley whilst keeping his eyes locked on the sky. Back and forth he looked, but he didn't see any flying figure that may be searching for him. Still, she has proven persistent. Best bet was to wait for a few more minutes.

Time passed with Jaune not daring to move, or even breathe hard.

Once assured that he had gotten away, he withdrew a phone, and placed a call. On the third ring, Tattletale picked up.

"Hi, hi! Who this?"

He blinked, nonplussed. "We're the only two people in the world on this line."

"So we are. That must make you… Jaune Arc!"

Something has her in a good mood, if she was joking around like this.

"Are you and Escha still at that late-night cafe?"

"Nope."

"Huh. I thought you said you were going to wait for me there. Where did you go?"

"Oh, off for a night on the town. Doing a little of this, a little of that~," she replied coyly.

"Moving against Coil?"

She giggled over the phone. "Yeah."

Tattletale once had a boss, a person she hated. And she didn't like Coil very much, did she? It took him not long at all to realize over the course of the meeting at Somer's Rock. From there, the story emerged.

Coil held control over the Travelers. Faultline's mercenary group was in his pocket, their price paid. Undersiders, same. The budding alliance of villains was, in reality, Coil's coalition. The man stood to gain quite a lot during the days ahead, a scenario Tattletale could not abide.

He didn't know much of her plans, only that it boded ill for this version of her former employer. Maybe he should feel sympathy. The stories Tattletale recounted of the snake-themed villain had put an early end to that. The man would love nothing more than to collect their team, or failing that, to kill them since they're the reason his powers were malfunctioning.

"Be careful not to overwork yourself. You've done a lot today without taking a single Remedy. How bad is the headache now?"

"Heheheh…"

"What?"

"I don't have headaches anymore! Not since [Blank] activated. I should have done this weeks ago! Whoo!"

Well. Life seemed to be coming up aces on her end. Good for her.

"That's great! The meeting with the heroes worked out for me, too."

"Seriously?"

"...Why so surprised?"

"Whaaat? I'm not. You're imagining it. So, they're on board?"

"Yeah."

"Sweet. Good job, Jaune. I'm guessing you had to spill on the E88."

"Armsmaster."

"Knew it~."

She did. Swore up and down about it before he left for the boardwalk.

"I can see some of the signs of how he was in the future. Will be."

"I wouldn't worry about it. We'll change the future for this world, Jaune."

"Let's hope so." He scanned the sky. The coast seemed clear. "Want to meet back at the cafe?"

"Hell yes! That coffee's to die for."

"Alright. Meet you there, Tattletale."

"'Kay."

Hanging up the call, Jaune tucked the phone back in a pocket, and set off into the Brockton Bay night.


Author's Notes: ( ˶°ㅁ°) ! !
Last edited: Jun 1, 2025
Stories:
QQ Sneaking His Way into the Multiverse , a RWBY Jaune, WC-lite mechanics story.
Other RWBY stories on AO3 or FF - Yakuza Arc | Conquered Menagerie: Annals of the Sixth Kingdom | Cat, Bunny, and the Good Ship Honey Starbright | The Agent
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, RSR2000, Amdiranifani and 722 others
LazyAutumnMoon
May 31, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 35: A Visitor's Guide to Brockton Bay - The City is Very Safe and Friendly
View content
LazyAutumnMoon
LazyAutumnMoon
We all need Sundancer in our life.
JoinedJun 7, 2024
Messages289
Likes received68,284
Jun 5, 2025
Add bookmark
#1,323
Chapter 35: A Visitor's Guide to Brockton Bay - The City is Very Safe and Friendly​


"—have been confirmed through observational data compiled by Dragon. The Simurgh did, in fact, exit Earth orbit on a seemingly uncontrolled course some time in the late evening of yesterday. The cause and potential purpose of this event has yet to be determined, although Chief Director Costa-Brown had this to say—"

"Gotta be a lie," said a customer in the diner to his friend. "We all know it's one of those long cons that thing likes to pull. Has to be."

"But what if it isn't?" his friend shot back before launching into wild theories for which Jaune lacked the context to understand.

It's a common occurrence ever since he sat down in his booth, really. He'd follow most of what was being discussed by the other diners, then an odd word or phrase would slip in to throw him for a loop, making him lose the thread.

Still, he got the gist. The general feeling in the restaurant was one of unease, whether from the distant news that was the change in behavior of an Endbringer, to complaints closer to home of the curfew imposed on the city. Another bombing took place last night, hitting a homeless shelter in the Docks. Elsewhere, ABB gangsters clashed with a squad of soldiers, requiring Protectorate cape support to help break the stalemate.

Somehow, through it all, life went on.

Jaune rubbed his neck, cracking it from side to side to work out the kinks. The hotel their team stayed in was a pretty nice one, but the bed didn't compare to his mattress. Was that a condemnation of the hospitality industry in Brockton Bay, or praise to Academy City sleep technology? Hard to tell.

Spotting the waitress coming around with a laden tray, he offered her a smile, getting a flustered giggle from the fifty-ish woman in response that surely would make her children cringe to no end were they present. It's nice that she's stopped staring askance at him, at least. What was wrong with ordering four different dishes? He needed the gains.

"Here you are, sweetheart." The woman placed down the plates one by one, each piled high with omelettes, sausages, salads, and pancakes. She also passed over an extra dish filled with milk. "And here, for your darling cat."

"Meow meow meow!"

The perturbed look returned to the waitress's face, and Jaune did not blame her. The meows hadn't been actual meows, but spoken words. After a brief stutter, the waitress seemed to decide that her mind had played a trick on her, and left while shaking her head.

Escha broke out into actual meows, this time the felyne equivalent of laughter.

"Not tired of that yet, Escha?" Jaune asked with a smile, directing his question towards the phone on the table rather than at Escha herself. To the outside observer, the scene would pass as him speaking to a person on the line. Slightly rude in this setting, but it worked for their purposes.

"Never!" declared the felyne in glee.

Since learning of otherworld cats and their idiosyncrasies—the inability to talk or walk on two legs, and so on—Escha had developed a new game of blending in without blending in, with the pair of them waiting all morning for somebody to call her out. So far, nothing. People saw what they wanted to see.

Jaune pushed one of the plates over to Escha, because a bowl of milk did not a healthy Palico make. Then, boy and cat dug into their meal.

Between bites, Esha asked, "So what are we doing today?"

"I'm not too sure on that, myself."

The world didn't move at their pace, no matter how much he wanted it to. The wheels of bureaucracy were advancing in fits and spurts, with the heroes tied down to various responsibilities as they awaited approval for a concerted operation alongside him and New Wave (who had jobs or schooling occupying their schedules). The villains, meanwhile, cited their own priorities, meaning that a push against the ABB wasn't going to happen yet, if it did at all today.

An idle thought had occurred to him, of whether these guys realized that their private lives could end at any moment due to an errant bomb, rendering everything they do moot. Tattletale claimed it would be fine before she departed this morning. He couldn't say he agreed with the sentiment.

And, well, why must he?

"You know what, let's the two of us go look for trouble."

There had to be some good they could do.

Escha raised her fork aloft. "Aye-aye, captain!"

After they finished their breakfast, and paid, they left the diner.

On the way out, Jaune unhooked his Panacea Poncho from the coat rack, putting it on over his button-down shirt. For a brief instant, it blocked his view.

When his vision returned, Lisa was right in front of him.

Jolting in surprise, he cried, "Whoa, Lisa, don't sneak up on me like that!"

There was this long beat where Lisa (and it's Lisa, not Tattletale, because one did not mix cape names and civilian guises) seemed to just stare at him, face completely blank, to make him instinctively worry that he had messed up.

Then she grinned, and all was well again.

Well, besides an obvious problem.

"Sorry, sorry. I thought you saw me. Where are you…" Her eyes flicked down to Escha, lingering a bit. "...two off to now?"

His hand came up to rub the back of his head. "Nowhere in particular, I guess? I just thought she and I would walk around, maybe keep an eye out for the ABB. That's not a problem, is it?"

"Oh no, course not!" Lisa hurriedly waved her hands.

"Great. I was worried it'd cut into your plans. Are you done with, ah, whatever it was you're doing? Want to come with us?"

"Sure thing, I'm totally free." She giggled. It sounded off to both Jaune and Escha. Too sugary sweet.

He leaned down a bit, and asked, "Are you alright, Lisa?"

"Me? Just fine. Copacetic."

"You're what?" A bewildered Escha pulled a face.

"Good. Excellent, " Lisa amended.

Jaune and Escha shared a glance.

"If you say so," Jaune said with a shrug. He searched his pockets. "Hey, check this message I got from the heroes."

He tossed her the Company scroll.

As ever, Lisa became fascinated with the device as soon as she unlocked it. She hid her inexperience well, slamming a finger on one of the app icons with confidence.

Thump.

Lisa dropped to the ground, unconscious.

"Man, it's been a while since I've seen that. How nostalgic," Jaune said, retrieving the scroll.

A little mean, too, but she's the one that attempted to trick them first. In his book, one prank invited another, adding spice to life.

Clearly, the fake Lisa—or rather, the Lisa that belonged to this world—disagreed with the notion. Once she awoke a few minutes later, she chose to beat a hasty retreat rather than linger, leaving the bemused pair of Jaune and Escha behind. She hadn't been kind about it, either, leveling a number of accusations against him on her way out, most having to do with him somehow cloning her body for reasons ranging from nefarious to sordid.

Lisa… Lisa could be nasty when the mood strikes her.

She could have been smarter, too, and Jaune wondered what her plan even was. Did she think to fool him so that he might spill secrets she can use to one-up the Lisa on his team?

He mulled on that possibility, and nodded. Yup, that's her, alright. With a dash of overconfidence to convince her that she can paper over the flaws in the plan with attitude and audacity.

Adorable.

"Jaune, Jaune, what's that building?" Escha asked to interrupt his train of thought.

He looked down at her, walking on all fours next to him, then followed her gaze to a large, multi-story complex on the other side of the road, massive banners advertising special deals plastered on the windows.

"That's a mall. Like a market, but everything is inside."

"Can we find trouble there?"

A solid maybe, going by the soldiers manning the entrances. They resemble the Atlas guys that came to Vale for the Vytal Festival, armed and serious. For the ABB that was trying to aim their attacks at civilian centers, a mall would make a tempting target, hence the presence of the guards.

"I suppose it can't hurt to ask if they need help—" He spotted a person armored in blue and silver walking out of the mall to talk to the soldiers. "Nope. Nope, nope, nope."

There was an alley to his right, and Jaune ducked into it at speed, Escha on his heels. Making certain, he didn't linger, but crossed to the next block over before continuing down the sidewalk.

Escha nudged his leg. "You knew that guy. Who's he?"

"Armsmaster," Jaune almost spat the name. "He's a hero, but don't let that fool you. The guy is ruthless. Skilled, though." As much as it hurts to admit. "Come on, let's head somewhere else. This place is well-protected enough without us."

However, Jaune soon encountered a problem. Street after street they walked, and the best he found were a couple of punks spray-painting gang signs on a wall. This area of the city seemed a touch too safe, with soldiers posted at all semi-important buildings, along with the occasional hero—some he recognized, some he did not and might be out-of-town assistance—touching base with them before hopping in a truck and getting driven off elsewhere. The comics always portray life like there's a mugging on every corner, but here, there was barely a peep.

Escha didn't mind the quiet, though. She had a thousand questions for everything around her, curiosity running on full overdrive as she flitted from one interesting object to the next.

"How do 'cars' work?"

"Er, there's an engine in them that burns fuel, which gives them power to move. I don't know much more beyond that."

"There's people in that box!"

"That's television tech. The people in it are actually in a different place, and the image is sent to these devices so people from far away can see them at the same time."

"Like signal flares?"

"...Exactly."

"What's ice cream?"

Gasp!

And so, not long after breakfast, they were eating again. Jaune sat on a park bench, chocolate ice cream cone in hand, watching Escha take a tentative lick of the vanilla ice cream cone she held with both front paws. It seemed a nice, safe flavor for a felyne, better than chocolate at least, because he still wasn't certain to what extent their appetite differed from regular cats.

The first taste, and all the fur on Escha's body bristled. Her eyes grew wide as saucers.

Translated to human? Ohoho.

"Good?" he asked.

"It's the most delicious thing I've ever tasted…" she whispered in reverent awe.

She opened her mouth wide to chomp down on the ice cream in one bite, before recalling his warning about brain freeze, and instead began furiously licking the cone with her tiny tongue. The ice cream cone spun and spun, whittled down on all sides at an amazing speed. Amused, Jaune offered a bit of his ice cream, and laughed at how her head followed after the cone as he pulled it away, trying to get in one last lick before the treat moved out of her reach.

It was worthy of a picture.

Snap.

A felyne with a glob of ice cream on her nose, get.

Call it luck or irony, but that was how trouble found them, while they were having an enjoyable time and minding their own business.

As they finished eating their ice cream, a figure descended on the park from the sky, resplendent in white and gold. With her back to the sun, cape fluttering, Glory Girl appeared a vision of divinity, larger than life. She also didn't look happy with him.

"You know, it's not a good idea to wear a skirt and fly," he said, gazing up at her.

Now, she really didn't look happy with him… then Escha rushed at her, begging to be taken into the air, and Glory Girl forgot his existence altogether.

Huh. Maybe he'd start throwing the cat at all his problems.

"You're not off the hook," Glory Girl said later, as they watch a windswept Escha work on her second ice cream cone, purchased for the felyne by their new guest.

Jaune rolled his eyes. "For what?" he argued. "I'm not going to attend a family meeting when I've already told you that I'm not related to you guys! And how did you find me, anyway?" Did he have a stalker?

Glory Girl answered by flipping open her phone, a clunky monstrosity whose ugliness was pasted over by cutesy stickers. The load time for the 'inter'-net offended him on a base level.

A picture of a boy talking to a cat, inexpertly taken, filled the screen. A swipe, and it now displayed security footage of them outside an appliance store, Escha smushing her face to the glass. While standing upright.

"The PHO message board found your cat, and I recognized your face in the photos." Leave it to the eternally online to uncover any and every detail when nobody else could. "They're debating between her being a Case 53 and a biotinker monstrosity." Escha snuffled her nose at the accusation, and Glory Girl immediately changed her tune, gushing over her. "Oh, but I know you're not, cutie! You're the most adorable cape in the world, yes you are!"

Escha scooted further away from the strange lady.

"So you were trawling the net for cat pictures," Jaune concluded. People truly were the same in any universe. In this specific case, it's another point of similarity between her and him, though Jaune refrained from telling the girl that. No need to encourage her delusions.

Glory Girl made a so-so gesture. "More like the thread showed up when I was on the lookout for new capes in the city."

For you, she meant. Oh damn, he did have a stalker.

"Well, you've found me. You can go home now." Please.

She frowned, turning her body to face him. "Uh, like hell I will. I've got questions."

"I already said—" He was cut off by Glory Girl seizing him by the front of his poncho.

The heroine froze as a blade tickled her throat, with Jaune holding a flashbang in his other hand, ready to slam it against her face. Below, Escha brandished a boomerang, summoned for her by Jaune.

Slowly, Glory Girl retracted her fingers. "Heeey," she said in a soothing tone. "I wasn't going to do anything to you." Neither of them moved, and she could detect the wariness radiating off of them. "I'm serious! Do you think I beat up random people for the hell of it?"

"I can't say, because I'm not from around here," Jaune reminded her. He returned his sword to his Pocket, and Escha got back to the important task of eating her ice cream, boomerang laying within reach. The disappearance of Crocea Mors caused Glory Girl to do a double-take.

"Is that a part of your powers, or Tinkertech? Or—wait, no." She closed her eyes, opened them, refocusing. "I was trying to find you, because you're consorting with villains! Explain yourself!" she ordered.

Jaune considered replying with a simple 'no,' rethinking it as he realized that probably would end in a battle. He settled with, "Brockton Bay is in a time of need, and some of them aren't that bad."

"Are you kidding?" The words were almost a yell, as Glory Girl's face warped into a snarl. "Brockton Bay's problems are because of villains. They've been ruining this city for literally years!"

"I feel like there's a number of them that are a little too young to have contributed to that," Jaune pointed out, thinking of the Undersiders.

She ignored the comment. "Do you know what they did to Lord's Market last year? Seven people dead, and Hookwolf got away with it scot-free!" The frustration bled through in her voice, made even clearer as she pounded a fist on the backrest of the bench. The wood cracked.

Escha scooched over another inch.

"And those Undersiders—"

"What about them?" he asked, a touch sharply. Most of the group meant nothing to him beyond a face, but Lisa was once included in that team and he didn't care for the hostility he was hearing.

"They robbed a bank two weeks ago! The psychos took dozens of hostages and put poisonous spiders on them to keep them compliant! It's sick!"

…Lisa, what the hell?

"I mean, there has to be a reason for that." He waffled a bit. "You're probably misunderstanding it." Weak, as far as a rebuttal went, but he lacked proper information to argue the point further.

She scoffed. "Sure. Totally an overreaction on my part." Needless to say, sarcasm. "Grue clocked little Vista in the head. Bug girl stuck a knife against my sister's throat. That Tattletale bitch? She shot me. And the utter crap she kept on spouting…" Glory Girl mimed a strangling motion, before the tension in her seemed to just cut out, and she slumped back in her seat. Long, golden hair fell to cover her expression. "Idiot doesn't know what she's talking about."

The words were out of his mouth before he could reconsider them. "Heh. She'd disagree with you there."

And, oh, did that set Glory Girl off. She shot him a glare that made Jaune curious if maybe she had laser vision to go along with her flight, super strength, and invincibility, because she looked like she wanted to set him on fire.

"Ugh! I'll bet that you've met her, haven't you?" She gave a spiteful laugh. "Was it the spandex? Did you get pulled into villainy by her ass?"

"I've talked to her," he snapped back. "And I'll admit she can be"—he searched for the appropriate term—"an experience." Yeah, that sounded about right. "But she's helped me a lot, and I know for a fact she could be quite sweet behind the words she says. They're… walls."

Between her and other people. Between her and the world, the situations she couldn't handle. She threw a whole tirade at him the day they first met, and it had taken him many a night of lying in his bed, thinking, to understand that she was terrified of him in that moment. There were reasons for the things she does.

Sometimes. Mostly, she was just being annoying for the sake of it, he was pretty sure.

Glory Girl stared at him for a while without speaking, and when she did, her voice had grown colder. "How long have you known her? You're talking like she's your friend or something."

He could tell it was a loaded question. Circumstances like these called for a lie.

But he just plain didn't want to.

"She is."

Glory Girl had her fist up, and Crocea Mors was in his hand. Only the resounding boom in the distance stopped them from coming to blows.

She looked from him to the rising smoke. A growl, and she floated into the air. This meeting was over.

Except, she hadn't left yet by the time he put on his domino mask. Her eyes blinked in astonishment as a cape appeared to settle over his shoulders.

"You're helping out?" she asked, incredulous.

He sent her an odd look. "Yeeeah? There's probably people caught in that explosion so of course I'm going, what are you, dumb?"

"Fuck you," she shot back. Then, with less hostility. "If you're serious, I can fly you there. It'd be faster."

Jaune weighed the option against his rocket boots, deciding that it'd conserve the boots' limited flight time.

"Deal. Let's go."

He placed a domino mask over Escha's face (Glory Girl nearly died then and there). After they were ready, she looped her arms behind him as he held Escha in a similar grip, and lifted off. If their weight bothered her, she didn't show it.

The three of them zoomed over the rooftops at an admirable pace, faster than a car and completely bypassing traffic, people, and every other obstacle. Their vantage point allowed Jaune to observe the location struck by the explosion, with an eye for powers or gunfire—he found none. The culprit messed up, thankfully, because the damage took place outside on a rather sparse street.

Half a block away was a school. It could have been so much worse.

That didn't make the scene he arrived to any easier. Amidst the ongoing fires and wreckage, he saw the victims. Some were already dead, shredded or thrown by the force of the blast. Others wailed, or whimpered, or shouted for assistance.

There were civilians milling on the scene, and one police officer. Except for the latter, none seemed sure of what to do until they spotted their group touching down, at which point the civilians all cleared the area.

Wait, what?

He didn't have time to question it. Glory Girl acted as if that was normal, flying over to the police officer, then to a half-destroyed shop after a quick exchange. There, she began moving the rubble at the entrance to gain access.

Left to his own devices, Jaune summoned the stimpaks and jars of healing potions he brought along on this trip, sharing them with Escha before they split up and got to work.

Nobody would call what he did proper triaging. He ran from body to body, blabbering a rushed explanation to each person as he jabbed needles into arms. People in bad shape received two. Those that looked too far gone got one anyway, just in case they were alive and that made the difference. When he ran out of stimpaks, he bought more from the Marketplace—Lisa would understand.

The process repeated for ten or so victims. As he applied medicine to a woman covered in tattoos, he heard Glory Girl speak up behind him.

"What's that you're using?" She floated closer, her approach silent, watching the process over his shoulder with interest.

"Stimpaks. Drug that stimulate regeneration." He thrust some into her hands. "Check for other people that need them."

Emergency vehicles began arriving. Police cars, PRT vans, fire trucks, ambulances. Once the EMTs mustered the nerves to approach him and he gave them a run down on the stimpaks, they hurried to direct him toward the worst cases. Soon, those that could be saved all had a shot, or were covered in green healing fluids. Those that couldn't…

Well.

"As far as we can tell, the ABB attacks are random," Glory Girl explained as they watched the various ongoings from the sideline. "There's no predicting where they'd strike."

"See why my proposal makes sense?" Jaune said, leaning on a street light and distracting Escha with scritches. "Waiting around, responding to the threats after they act… the heroes are wearing themselves out. I half-suspect that it's part of Bakuda's plan to keep them from bringing the fight to the heart of the ABB. They need more reinforcements than just the trickle of capes coming in ones and twos."

Glory Girl tch'ed. "I know that. The Protectorate knows that. But…" Her lips pressed together in a thin line. The prospect of allying with villains displeased her.

With a groan, he threw her a bone.

"Look, you don't have to like it. Don't even think of it, as I told you all. You're working with me. Just me."

"Compromises." She spat the word with venom, then shook her head. "Whatever. I'm not the one deciding these things, and I'm not gonna ruin it, either. What I can do is ask you about this." She held up an unused stimpak. "Are you the one that made them?"

He winced. "Not the maker, so I can't really tell you the recipe, sorry."

"Oh no no, that wasn't what I was asking, I get that Tinkertech isn't easy to replicate. I was just—" She caught him about to raise an objection, and her mind raced ahead to the correct conclusion. "It's not Tinkertech."

"No."

In an instant, she was in his face.

"How do you know that? Where did you get them, then? I—why didn't you bring this up yesterday!?"

"There wasn't a good chance?" He avoided her wide-eyed stare, able to guess the thoughts behind them.

Indeed, Glory Girl looked like she had many unkind things she wanted to say. Still, what she did voice aloud was, "Would you be willing to share a sample of this? It could be a game-changer if my sister or the PRT manage to figure out the chemical formula."

"Sure. I don't mind." He indicated the stimpak she was holding. "Consider that yours to keep."

She stared at him, agog. "Wait, hold up, you're not asking for a price?"

"...I could have charged for it?"

Glory Girl studied him with a careful eye, gaze roaming up and down as if it would unlock his thoughts to her. Finally, she slumped her shoulders.

"You're an idiot," she said with the air of having discovered a great truth.

"Oi."

Her boots left the ground. She moved through the air with an ease he envied, turning to look back at him. "I'm not wrong." There was a bright smile on her face. "And it's not a bad thing. You're an idiot."

"Yeah, well, screw you." Truly, a masterful repartee.

She stuck out her tongue. "No way. We might be related. Uncle Neil got very cagey when I asked him about illegitimate children."

Welp, there went any hope of him convincing her she's wrong. "That's… quite a landmine. I hope it isn't causing too much of an issue in your family."

"We'll have to see," the girl admitted, rising higher. She jabbed a finger at him. "You're not off the hook, either."

"You said that before."

"Still true. You might have good intentions, and might even be a hero, but it'd be better if you stopped hanging around villains. They're going to drag you down to their level."

With that, Glory Girl waved them farewell and, in a blur, flew away.


-o-​


Back in civilian guises, aimlessly they walked.

Over the course of an hour, Jaune and Escha found no other emergencies in their vicinity. The ones they do hear of were already long over by the time they reached the scene.

Lunchtime came around, and the pair started dialing back from a state of combat readiness, steps slowing, eyes wandering to the storefronts and other interesting sights. For a meal, Jaune picked out food from multiple places, anything that seemed to have caught Escha's fancy, getting them as takeouts to eat while on the street.

All the while, he somewhat expected the question. It was still a surprise.

"Jaune?"

Munching on popcorn, he answered with a simple "Hm?"

"Do you really think Lisa is a bad person?"

He looked down. Escha was avoiding his gaze, walking with her head down.

Jaune sighed, and vanished the bag of popcorn away. "Why do you say that? Don't take what Glory Girl tells you to heart."

"I'm not!" Escha denied at once. "But…" she trailed off. Glanced at him, found him looking back, and returned to staring at the sidewalk in front of her. "N-Nevermind."

"Hey, I don't mind talking this out." They were coming up on an intersection. By some nebulous instinct, he pivoted on his heel to take the turn, using the chance to lean down and brush his hand through her fur in encouragement. That gave Escha the push she needed.

"I like Lisa, but she's a villain."

"Well, you knew that."

"But I didn't know know. I thought it was like pranks, or stealing fruit from the market so the seller chases you. Everybody does that at least once."

Jaune couldn't help it, breaking into chuckles. What a world the felyne lived in.

"While that is quite dastardly, Escha, it isn't villainy, and definitely isn't supervillainy." He collected his thoughts, wondering how best to explain. "I can't say I know much about this world, but from the comics I've read, superheroes and supervillains are catch-all terms. They're names. Labels to note who's on what side. The words themselves don't make you a good person or a bad person."

"But a lot of the villains are bad. Lisa even said so herself!"

Another turn, one he hardly paid attention to. He was finding it difficult to disagree with the sentiment Escha raised.

The fire lady had been a villain, no doubt rotten to the core. Attacking Beacon required a mind monstrous beyond comprehension.

Except, the White Fang were there, too, and he heard they used to be peaceful way back when. Had they been hiding their villainy before? Or did they hang out with types like the fire lady and that's how the turn to violence began?

And Jax, dear Jax. The guy that he turned into a shishkebab. Even long after, Jaune didn't know for sure what was going on in that psycho's head. He had a perfect life at Beacon, a shining future of fame and worship awaiting him, and he decided to turn his gun on everybody. Playing at hero one moment, becoming a villain the next. Did his head crack?

All told, it painted a bleak picture. Villains were an awful lot, and corrupting forces to boot. A thief, a fraud, a cheat he may be, nobody had ever called him a villain, and he did not wish them to.

Lost in his musings, he passed a street sign, and almost dismissed it until he did a double-take. The name was one he vaguely recalled. Casting his gaze at the surroundings, he blinked in confusion for a little while, before recollection dawned.

When it began was hard to say, but his feet had guided him down a familiar road. Lined by nondescript office buildings, it nevertheless stood out from every other street in this city. Not the details, he was hopeless there. The shape, the angles of the buildings, those were harder to change.

A look to his left, a look to his right, few cars were in sight. He stepped off the sidewalk and onto the road.

Finding the spot was a task and a half. He strolled back and forth, working off the memory of a rather tense and hectic time, one not made easier as passing cars distracted him with their honking horns.

The view did it, in the end. He stood on the median strip, and from there the long, long road stretched all the way to the coastline, letting him see the blue ocean. And it all came roaring back.

That day was hell. He still mustered a smile.

"I think we would have to ask Lisa about it before we make up our mind," he said to Escha, shading his eyes as he peered at the horizon, "because saying that villains are bad would be fairly accurate, but not always true. Not here, at least."

For a day, heroes and villains had fought side by side to protect a city. No divide in between, they were simply people, entrusting their backs to each other as they stepped on the line to defy the world that wished for them to die. As it should be.

Then, the story had turned completely on its head.

He pointed down the street. "A hero died there, and he was no better than the beast he set out to slay. He's not important."

Taken aback, Escha stared up at him with a silly look of confusion. "Wait, was that it?" she asked, dissatisfied with the complete lack of details and tension. Jaune threw back his head, and laughed.

"Short story, huh? Well then, let me tell you a second one." He pointed at his feet. "I met someone here. You wouldn't think her a villain if you ever hear her talk. Yet, she was. A villain braver than any hero, good and kind. She and I made an amazing team, and we hunted a monster together."

That, Escha reluctantly agreed, counted for something. The greatest of bonds were forged by monster hunting. The bigger the monster, the better.

"So that's the girl you tried to mate with last night?" she asked.

He balked. "I did not try to mate with her!"

For a cat, Escha sure can look skeptical. "I dunno. You were like Logy whenever he tried to flirt."

Ouch. "Oh, come on, you wouldn't blame me if you were ever in my situation."

Escha scrunched her face, unconvinced. "I like Lisa better," she opined.

"Ha! I like Lisa, too, but Sundancer… you'd have to meet her to understand."

When it came down to it, despite all she said, Pyrrha did not believe in him, not really. His own partner couldn't trust him at the finish, playing a trick to send him away.

He had to go to a whole new universe for someone who didn't dismiss him as a weak, pitiful creature. Who truly saw him as a companion, willing to laugh and cry, fight and die, by his side.

How did it take a villain to grant his fondest wish? What a treasure for him to have found.

The only sun for him.


Author's Notes: What I didn't show was Jaune instinctively striking the Praise the Sun pose at the end.

Yang Xiao-Long. Never in the running. Lost anyway.


This is going to end up on the NSFW CW side in a bit, because a joke occurred to me and ballooned from there. Pay it no mind if the thread seems to be missing.
Last edited: Jul 27, 2025
Stories:
QQ Sneaking His Way into the Multiverse , a RWBY Jaune, WC-lite mechanics story.
Other RWBY stories on AO3 or FF - Yakuza Arc | Conquered Menagerie: Annals of the Sixth Kingdom | Cat, Bunny, and the Good Ship Honey Starbright | The Agent
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, RSR2000, Amdiranifani and 738 others
LazyAutumnMoon
Jun 5, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 36: A Visitor's Guide to Brockton Bay - Go Out at Night, It's Fine
View content
LazyAutumnMoon
LazyAutumnMoon
We all need Sundancer in our life.
JoinedJun 7, 2024
Messages289
Likes received68,284
Jun 13, 2025
Add bookmark
#1,501
Chapter 36: A Visitor's Guide to Brockton Bay - Go Out at Night, It's Fine​


Girl That Won't Shut Up POV

Door code today was 495632. My lucky number as of two seconds ago.

The side entrance, nestled within a nondescript alley, unlocked. The interior was brightly lit.

Alarm pad override HB62A83. Idiots changed it weekly instead of daily.

No blaring alerts. Stillness reigned. Then, shadows moved along the wall, the accompanying footsteps silent.

There's so much empty space. That's just unfair. God, we need a bigger home—base. Not home.

The whisper of footsteps passed a door. Returned.

Let's not risk it. This will do.

The door opened, then shut. Nothing inside the room but crates and boxes.

Next guard change is in… about four minutes. Bleh. Too long to do nothing, too short to kick my feet up.

Soon, the sound of people outside the door. They fade in the distance.

…flying cabbages… what kind of insane—oh! Right on time. Here we go.

Another door, remote-locked. Up in the corner, a blinking light. Elsewhere, a man watched the camera.

I know what you did to your father. Your mother and siblings could, too.

The door opened without prompting. Anything that needed saying had been done hours ago.

Hehe, it didn't go to waste this time~

A long corridor stretched on, wide enough for ten marching abreast. Meant for mass intake of civilians in an emergency, before conversion to current use.

I'm getting an urge to skip along this hallway. Better not, though. Next door code is 302755… wait, or was it 104246? 483920?

The door loomed large.

Fuckfuckfuck—oh, there's no lock.

The sound of palm meeting face. A sigh.

Just gonna… not mention this part at all in the retelling. Have to show him my cool side.

A turn, a flight of stairs down.

The corner should work. Angle of approach, previous footprints, yeah, here's good.

A cloak snapped out to form a screen. Colors warped, blending in.

Now you see me, now you don't. I'm magic. Ha.

Heavy boots on concrete. Multiple figures ascended the staircase. Eyes behind helmet visors skirted over a spot mere inches away.

Buh-bye. Suckers.

The cloak went back around delicate shoulders.

Should be a straight shot, now.

A slight vibration passed through the hall. Somewhere below, a muffled roar.

What is—ah, the Travelers' last member. That's gonna be so annoying to handle. Sooner he or she is out of town the better. Bitchdancer, too.

One final door. A deep breath. Fingers danced on a keypad. The locks disengaged.

They call me Bond. James Bond. Or maybe I'd be the femme fatale?... I would make a phenomenal femme fatale.

The door slid aside, then closed shut. The ambient hallway sounds cut off.

A tall, skinny figure sprang to his feet. Nobody was supposed to enter without his say-so.

"Who—!?"

"Hello again, Coil. I win."

Completely, and on my own. All I ever needed was more time, just a little more time, to put you in checkmate.

The other person moved his hand, revealing a firearm. A gunshot rang out.

"I'm also bulletproof."

...Owwwie.




Evening arrived, and along with it came communications from both sides of the law. They were ready, come what may. The push against the ABB would commence tonight.

Jaune waited for the villains to begin trickling into the small courtyard hidden in the shadow of an office building, leaning on one of the artsy, geometric tables that were scattered about the area. Faultline's crew got there first, almost an hour early. Their reason became apparent as the woman gravitated at once towards a frolicking Escha, proceeding to ask her an endless series of questions that didn't make much sense to Jaune. She brought with her four capes, and given the lack of orders, they wandered over to the spread of donuts and muffins he had laid out.

What? It didn't kill to be a good host, even if Tattletale made fun of him for it in her texts.

Of the four, the neon-orange man was the most outgoing, introducing himself as Newter whilst taking a bite of blueberry muffin (*shivers*). He declined a proffered handshake, citing that his skin contained hallucinogenic properties potent enough to down an elephant. His teammate, a blobby and shell-encrusted cape called Gregor the Snail, accepted the gesture in his stead. There was also a waifish young woman—he mistook her for a teenager at first—swaddled in green robes who didn't speak, and an actual teenager tending to her, dressed in a thick red bodysuit. Labyrinth and Spitfire, were their names. A reality warper, her allies boasted, and a... a fire spitter. Oftentimes, it's written right on the tin.

Gregor opted for a cruller (a sign of good taste, that), and Spitfire coaxed Labyrinth into munching on a vanilla frosted donut (childish tastes, plus a caretaker, hmm).

Not long after, a squad of men and women in professional gear trooped in. Reminiscent of Hound Dog, they donned black body armor and tinted helmets, and wielded assault rifles enhanced with various futuristic attachments. These newcomers claimed to be mercenaries hired by Coil, which rather put Jaune in a state of alert, but he relaxed when they gave no indications of attacking. It seemed, for the moment, that they were all on a side.

One thing he noted, the mercenaries were exchanging a furious conversation among themselves in hushed voices, centered around the screens of their phones. He counted three times thus far that their members turned in his direction. Tattletale may be interested to hear more about this.

They refused snacks. Their loss.

Next up were the Undersiders. Their leader, Grue, strode into the courtyard with powerful strides, cloaked in darkness. The insect-masked Skitter followed on his heels, head swiveling to observe each person present and, if Jaune was not mistaken, to check out Grue's rear. The local Tattletale met Jaune's eyes for barely two seconds before she hid behind Skitter. A girl wearing a dog mask snarled at him, three dogs marching at her feet. Bitch.

He still refused to believe that was her actual supervillain name. Tattletale had to be joking.

The last member rounding out the Undersider, Regent, made a beeline for the donuts to grab a custard-filled and a chocolate frosted (indulgent, decadent even), balancing them along with his scepter. He didn't take any back for the rest of his team.

A thunderous rumble, like a car engine but ten times louder, brought activities to a halt. Everybody prepared their armaments or powers, and faced the direction the noise came from, which meant Skidmark scrambled in a panic for cover when he and his Merchants, Squealer and Mush (or was it Moist?), made their appearance. The man took the slip-up with ill grace, huffing and puffing at those that dared to look at him from then on for too long. Their group, too, passed on refreshments.

That little episode was soon forgotten for Jaune, because the next person to arrive was Sundancer. Her ballet training showed in how she walked—good posture, her steps light and elegant. She looked rather nervous at the number of people here, and avoided going near the mercenaries, shrinking away from their guns. The suns decorating her black bodysuit glinted under the courtyard lamp to draw the eye.

Oh, and her team accompanied her, the Travails or whatever. Trickster, Bally, Jean Sis. They were… shapes. Wearing clothes and stuff.

"Do you guys want anything?" Sundancer asked her teammates, indicating the boxes on the table, and she gave a heavy sigh as Trickster promptly left to a corner for a smoke. "Guess I'll just get him a blueberry muffin or whatever, then. Ballistic? Genesis?"

Oops. Well, he got close.

"Jelly donut," said Ballistic (no opinion in particular).

"Can you see if they have anything cinnamony?" asked the very un-gorilla, very wolf-like Genesis (clearly a sophisticated and intelligent person). He recalled Tattletale mentioning her being some sort of shapeshifter.

Sundancer nodded, and split off from the group. She stumbled a bit upon noticing that he was looking her way, but nevertheless approached the table, saying a polite hello to him and the members of Faultline's group sitting on the benches. Spitfire passed her fellow pyro girl a paper plate, which was quickly loaded with a blueberry muffin and a jelly donut. She plucked a custard donut next (modest, sweet, brave, kind, funny—wait a minute) then checked over the choices for Genesis's request.

Jaune coughed into a fist, drawing her attention. "I already ate the cinnamon muffin, sorry."

"Oh..." she murmured under her breath, and fidgeted. "Um, thanks for letting me know."

"Take a cruller. Those are tasty."

More fidgeting. "I actually figured I'd leave it, since there's always somebody else that wants the french cruller."

That term jogged a memory. He remembered Sundancer using it in relation to his name. And now, to indicate food. A versatile word, french. He would like to know its meaning one day.

"Fair point," he replied. "The thing's delicious, and I've seen fights break out over it." Because people in Beacon understood that ceding the best food on offer didn't win them esteem from their peers, it just meant ending up with the worst food. "Lucky for you, Gregor here already had one."

Gregor nodded, translucent skin wobbling in an unnerving manner. A Case 53, his physiology and appearance deviated from the norm to an extreme degree. Thankfully, the man hadn't held it against Jaune for needing a while to become accustomed to the uncanny sight, and turned out to be quite a conversationalist.

Pointing at Sundancer, Jaune continued, "Which makes you the 'somebody else,' and this"—he pointed at the donut in question—"free for the taking."

That got a small laugh out of her, and Jaune perked up hearing it. Since she was still looking around as if searching for another person who might object, he took the box of donuts and raised it toward the girl.

"Come on, nobody will mind."

His heart sank seeing the hesitant manner with which she reached out a hand. The Sundancer he knew, by the end of their short time together, was a person that could be decisive when dealing with him. She wasn't afraid to show her unreserved side hidden under the meekness. This Sundancer…

"Um, is something wrong?"

Jaune shook off his malaise, and plastered on a smile. "Of course not."

Whether she believed him or otherwise, she left soon after to rejoin her team, where she proceeded to be bombarded with questions, more teasing than prying, from Genesis. Curiously enough, Genesis ended up with the custard donut. Sundancer had kept the cruller (modest, sweet, brave, kind, funny—stop that) for herself.

"You know, I think that went pretty okay," Jaune said aloud to the table.

"Dude," Newter replied through a mouthful of food. He had gone for seconds, holding a muffin with his tail. "I have better conversations than that with the cashier from my usual convenience store."

Jaune glared at Newter. "Yes, well, we all have to start somewhere. It's an improvement over yesterday, at least."

"Literally anything would count as an improvement over yesterday, and I doubt you've made up for it by bribing her with food."

Seeking support elsewhere, he turned to Gregor. "You saw what happened, didn't you? I'm doing great, right?"

Gregor pondered on it, looking up at the moon.

"A fruit not eaten, becomes fruitful in time," he finally said in his rumbling voice.

"...What does that mean?"

The man patted him on the back. "Better luck next life."

Ouch.

In truth, he didn't know what he wanted, or expected, from this. The Sundancer standing before him today was a different person from his friend. She's someone who never fought by his side, and shouldn't matter to him.

Yet, different people they may be, the two girls shared their past and their thoughts, so he was certain of one thing: the Sundancer here wasn't happy. Not with being a villain. Not with working for Coil. Not with this violent life. If he had to point towards a reason for why he still insisted on trying to talk to her, it would be that. She wasn't his friend, but she needed a friend.

"Soooo, are you just gonna keep making moony eyes at her?" Newter asked.

Spitfire scolded him, "Leave the guy alone! I, for one, think it's romantic!"

"No, he's got a point," Jaune said, sighing. "There are bigger problems to focus on for the moment. We're not here to socialize."

Even if it did look exactly like that. Perhaps the presence of catering had gotten them to let their guard down, or maybe it was the fact that none of the various groups here were direct rivals to each other. Whichever the case, people have begun branching out of their respective teams, conversing to while away the time. It started out formal, full of subtle posturings as Jaune witnessed at Somer's Rock and imagined was the norm. That didn't last long, however, and he would hear a joke here, a complaint about rent there. On an unspoken accord, they were all easing the pretense of supervillainy, and came to resemble regular people living in the day to day. The scene was, he thought, almost harmonious.

Ignoring Skidmark pitching a drug to Trickster who looked done enough to consider violence, of course. Plus Bitch glaring at one of the mercenaries and cracking her knuckles, having overheard an unfortunate remark. There's also Skitter doing… whatever she's doing with a whole big cloud of bugs while speaking to the person next to her, Sundancer, who seemed to be hyperventilating. And—

Okay, so it was more harmony in chaos, but the sentiment stood. He hoped this continued on during the upcoming operation.

Jaune checked the clock on his phone—adjusted for local conditions—then scanned the crowd for Tattletale, a bit worried by her absence. 8PM was the agreed-upon time for the meetup. The villains would soon start to ask for details of the game plan, and only she possessed the full scope of that. He'd rather avoid the awkwardness of telling people he had no real clue of what to do or where to go.

His eyes caught a flash of purple amidst the crowd.

"Tattletale!" he called out, realizing a tad late that the native version was running around. It turned out to be a needless worry, because he ended up with two Tattletales in front of him.

"I should have worded myself better."

"Yup. That was dumb of you."

"Totally."

How nice. They've put aside their differences to gang up on him.

"Alright, I guess it doesn't matter, since you"—he waved a hand at the local Tattletale—"are probably going to help coordinate things." From experience, it was the place on the battlefield where she shone brightest.

"Bomb disposal, too," Tattletale chirped. "We gotta make my little sister earn her keep."

Was that the lie today, pretending to be a long-lost twin sister? He supposed it's an easier notion to swallow than talks of clones and doppelgangers.

"Cut the bullshit," the local one spat. "I don't have a sister."

"So far as you know~," Tattletale singsonged. The other signs, like how she rocked on her heels and failed to suppress a smile, piqued Jaune's interest.

"You seem happy. Did something good happen?"

Her eyes softened as she looked at him. "The very best," she replied with surprising honesty. "I'll tell you about it later."

At that time, he'd have a few questions to ask her, too, about a tale of bank robberies and spiders.

Tattletale cast her gaze across the courtyard. "For now, let's deal with the night ahead."

"Sounds good," Jaune agreed, and provided his report. "Everybody's here and ready to go, except there's something up with Coil's mercenaries. They're all in a tizzy, and I think it has to do with us."

She shrugged. "No need to worry about it. I know why. Like my copy here, they've just received new orders, is all." After checking that the mercenaries weren't paying attention to them, she pulled out an unfamiliar phone and waved it before Jaune's face.

Her counterpart made a strange noise at the back of her throat, alternating her gaze between the phone and Tattletale at a rapid pace. Presumably, she recognized the device, and had not banked on seeing it in Tattletale's possession.

"That's right, better put all those nasty little thoughts aside, missy, because you're not getting paid to find our weaknesses anymore."

The local Tattletale flinched at that comment, before faking a grin. "No clue what you're talking about. I'm just a sweet, playful thief-for-hire. No schemes here. Promise." The whole time, her eyes remained rooted on the unfamiliar phone, the girl's mind no doubt racing by now.

"Uh-huh. Glad we're on the same page," Tattletale drawled, sounding snide. With a snicker, she then turned to him, fiddling with her personal phone. A melodious ding rang out in his pocket. "Here's the list of addresses I want the heroes to hit up. They're numbered in sequence, and I've even marked them out on a map for you. Remember—"

"Don't give it away all at once."

"Good, you remember. They might get cute if you hand over the whole list right off the bat. Leverage is important."

He rather doubted the heroes would stoop to that. A certain person might try, but there were a dozen others to rein him in; Dauntless, in particular, appeared willing to play ball. Still, Tattletale tended to worry no matter what, so he accepted her advice with a simple nod.

"Wait for my signal, then start passing out the locations. Blame me if they ask—say I'm deducing it as I go along. Keep in contact. It's best if we can have both sides moving at the same pace."

"How should I divide the hero teams? I'm not that familiar with their powers."

"Leave it for them to figure out, they have more experience there. Stick with whoever is their leader."

He grimaced. "Armsmaster."

"Maybe. Or the Protectorate could recognize that he's not a people person at his core and is better off on the front line while putting in D-Dauntless—bahahahaha! I can't! I just can't!"

As Tattletale—both Tattletales, actually—laughed their hearts out, Jaune pinched the bridge of his nose. Gratified as he was that someone else held a poor opinion of Armsmaster, the very real possibility that he'd have to partner with the man loomed large before him, and he would have appreciated helpful instructions on that front. It didn't seem to be forthcoming, though.

Once her mirth subsided, Tattletale got back into it, guiding him through the routes that the list of addresses would form. She intended for a two-pronged offensive, with teams leapfrogging over each other to knock down the major ABB strongholds and bomb caches at a blistering speed. It's a loud, straightforward strategy, and for a good reason.

"Whoever gets Lung or Oni Lee after them, call in. I'll let you know which villains I'm sending, or what heroes I need from your side. The instant you see those two bogged down, disengage."

Because at that point, a direct assault on Bakuda wouldn't stand the risk of the ABB's other capes making an entrance. Lung's powers involved transforming into a dragon, his strength ramping up over time. At his peak, he dueled Leviathan. They did not want him tossed into the mix at a critical moment. As for Oni Lee, the ABB's second-in-command was a teleporter. Enough said there, really.

Either one would complicate the situation. Remove both, and life becomes simpler. It'd be their team, their allies, Bakuda, and a whole lot of bombs. See? Simple.

Tattletale tapped her chin in thought. "Am I missing anything? I don't think so…"

"In that case, you handle things here and I'll head out to meet the Protectorate," he said. Taking out his phone, he placed a call to her, then hung the strap around his neck, turning the volume down low to prevent eavesdroppers. It would allow them to communicate throughout the attack. "If you need me, just shout."

As he departed the courtyard, Jaune swung by the table he was sitting at, and grabbed a couple of unopened donut boxes.

It paid to be a good host, after all.


-o-​


The mustering point for the Protectorate was located within the ground level of a parking garage, just across the street from where the villains met. They were waiting for him on the far side of the facility, a distance at which they couldn't see or hear well should any errant criminal cape decide to draw attention by activating their powers. Thus, a veneer of separation existed. The shining heroes weren't working together with the dastardly villains, they only by chance happened to hang out in the same general area without knowing. Plausible deniability was a wonderful concept.

Not to say that every single hero agreed with it. As he walked under the flickering lights, Jaune counted the number of frowning faces, finding it just shy of half. Much of that ire has shifted towards him, once they heard the steel of his boots ringing out on the concrete. He kept up an affable mien, not letting it get to him. They were allies.

He meant to head towards the heroes he identified as their leading figures based on yesterday—Armsmaster, Dauntless, Miss Militia. Except, a blur zipped across the space to cut off his path. Glory Girl was in the building, and she had other plans.

"Yo," was all he managed before the smiling heroine grabbed ahold of him. In a matter of seconds, he found himself facing a different set of superheroes, Glory Girl landing beside him.

The common threads of white, tight costumes individualized by personal themes and complete lack of masks tied these people together as a team. The distance between the members denoted closer relationships. Two sets of parents, two sets of children. It didn't take Jaune more than that to place them, though the presence of a familiar pair of siblings cemented their identities as the independent hero team New Wave.

Laserdream and Shielder looked a lot healthier than they would a few weeks from now. They were, he knew, wonderful and brave people, and he gave a small wave of his hand to acknowledge them. Shielder returned it, while Laserdream studied him with an inquisitive air.

"Everybody, this is the guy I've been talking about." Glory Girl flourished her hands at Jaune, presenting him like a prize.

Under their scrutiny, he did the first thing that came to mind.

"Anybody want a donut?" He held up the colorful boxes he brought along like a shield.

They were seized at once by Glory Girl as her just dues, with the heroine zeroing in on the store's special 'birthday cake' donut (showy, attention-grabbing). It's a mess of sprinkles and frosting that smothered the dough under their weight, and she scarfed down on the sugary abomination with relish as she passed the boxes on.

While his offerings made the rounds, one of the older women stepped forward. She declined a pastry, instead signaling to the Protectorate heroes. After receiving some unspoken form of assent in return, she focused on him. "Huntsman, right? A pleasure to be working with you. I'm Lady Photon—Sarah Pelham, out of costume." She extended her hand.

Jaune shook it. "Capitalize the M, but yes, that's me." Why do people keep giving him side eyes over this? "Happy to help out." He hesitated. "Should I…"

"Oh, no, please don't think you have to give your real name," said Lady Photon, anticipating his question. "It is simply the belief of New Wave that capes should be open about their identities, and I understand that many do not share that sentiment." She then smiled. "Although, I must admit I'm surprised to see you're not wearing a mask."

"Or a costume," added Laserdream, eyeing his poncho and jeans. She has yet to notice the smudge of strawberry frosting (whimsical, or perhaps eccentric) on the corner of her lips. It brought to mind of smeared lipstick, and lent her an erotic air.

He probably shouldn't mention that in front of her mother, though.

"The cape looks pretty, but it does kind of get in the way," he explained. "I reckon tonight calls for hardier clothes."

The outfit he wore yesterday was made for the stage, and a few good hits would tear the flimsy fabric to ribbons. He hadn't fancied the idea of giving everybody a free show.

"As for the mask, I've got nothing to hide. And on that note, my name's Jaune Arc."

Lady Photon's smile grew decidedly warmer. Behind her, a wave of consternation passed among the Protectorate heroes, who had been paying close attention.

That's right. No secrets here, folks.

A little part of him whispered that by revealing to them what seemed a startling revelation, they wouldn't think to ask about other minor details that were far more inconvenient. He didn't much like that part of him and, as he often did, ignored it.

Glory Girl chose this moment to chime in. "What did I tell you? Me and him are two peas in a pod, he has a forcefield, he dresses like Amy, and he even thinks like us! Tell me with a straight face he's not from our family!"

Unless her family was filled with duplicitous liars, he doubted it.

The older generation exchanged glances. They would be of an age with his own parents, Jaune estimated. In their forties or so. All blonds, and the women shared a distinct resemblance. Between the four of them, the lack of relation to him was quite noticeable, in his opinion.

"Ehhh, I don't know, Vicky," Laserdream said carefully. "I can sorta see what you're seeing, but none of our relatives have the name Arc."

"He might have kept his mother's maiden name!"

"I didn't."

"Quiet, you. That statement can't be proven, so it's not valid evidence. Of course, we do have one easy way to decide this." Adopting a honeyed lilt, she called, "Oh, Amy~!"

The person that shuffled out of the group, munching on the last morsel of her glazed donut (mild, inoffensive, sort of sticky), didn't seem to belong. Not to the Dallons, and not to the Pelhams. Rough brown hair peeked out from under her hooded robes. In contrast to the confident demeanor displayed by everyone else in her family, she walked with a slouch, trying her best to hide behind the red scarf wrapped around her neck. She wouldn't maintain eye contact with him, instead sending furtive glances at his face, at her feet, and at the corners of the parking garage. All in all, this girl gave the impression of someone dreadfully fretful and dour.

He cocked his head as he noticed something about her robes. A white base decorated with red crosses, the design fit the Panacea Poncho he was wearing to a tee.

Oh, dear. This was Panacea, wasn't it?

"For the record, I bought this poncho on whim," he quickly pointed out. "It was raining at the time, and I needed something to help me keep dry. I've never heard of her before in my life."

A victorious grin bloomed on Glory Girl's face. "What you call a whim is actually influenced by a bunch of unconscious decisions you're making in a split second. That's a pretty well-known facet of human psychology. Think about it. There are probably dozens of brands you could have chosen. Why did you pick a design that is specific to Panacea, arguably one of the most recognizable capes in New Wave? Hm?"

At this point, it was quite clear to him that Glory Girl had already made up her mind and was searching for confirmation in the littlest detail, discounting every contradiction that arose in the process. Even his silence was taken as proof, and she gleefully waved for Panacea to come closer.

"Show her your hand," she ordered. "Amy's powers let her understand a person's biology in order to heal them. With skin contact, she can read you down to your DNA, and match it against another person. Me, for example."

He gave the unassuming Panacea a second glance. That sounded powerful. Perhaps not in direct combat power, but it was perfectly geared for a doctor trying to suss out hidden injuries and illnesses. Some diseases were hereditary, weren't they? Could she detect them? Could she heal them?

Such capabilities, and they were going to use her as a glorified paternity test.

Meh. Fine with him. As far as he was concerned, this would bring the farce to a close. He felt a little bad for Glory Girl, since her desire for family carried with it a sense of innocent endearment, but that didn't prevent him from obliging the request, reaching out.

But then, as Panacea tried to take the offered hand, he pulled back. Their proximity had allowed him to note a most concerning stain on the sleeve of her white robes.

"Why do you have blood on your clothes?"

Panacea looked down, and groaned. "Damnit! I just had that washed." With a rueful shake of her head, she said, "Don't mind it. I was handling an emergency case before this."

He winced. "Ooh. Bad?"

"I don't want to talk about it," Panacea said, rather curtly.

"She's being modest," Glory Girl cut in. "The appointment was requested by Alexandria herself!"

She bragged as if that should mean something to him. His cool demeanor, borne of ignorance, seemed to impress the New Wave heroes.

Seeing it as a challenge, Glory Girl continued, "And, oh man, bad was underselling it. Apparently, Amy said they found the victim way late, so—"

"Vicky, quit it." Panacea sharply admonished. "It's not his business."

"Oh, come oooon."

"Enough, Vicky. Let your sister work," said Lady Photon.

A scowl stole over Glory Girl's face, but that lasted only until Panacea seized Jaune by his hand. The act proved a sufficient distraction for her to forget the earlier line of thought, since she was dying to know the answer to the mystery that was him.

He was expecting glowing hands, glowing eyes, an electric shock or two, anything to denote Panacea activating her powers. Nothing so dramatic took place, insofar as he could tell. The healer just stood there, observing his palm while Glory Girl flitted back and forth around them, unable to contain her eagerness.

Then, Panacea pressed her lips into a thin line, frowning at him. She waited, and when he didn't react, she spoke up.

"Drop your forcefield."

"...Pardon?"

"Your forcefield is in the way! I can't actually make contact with your skin, you need to bring it down."

He glanced to the side. His free hand came up to scratch his cheek.

Sheepishly, he muttered, "I can't."

"What!?" cried Glory Girl.

"The only time it breaks is after I'm beaten within an inch of my life."

There was a beat of silence.

"And we're not doing that," he added before Glory Girl could get ideas. The way she deflated suggested she was thinking exactly along those lines.

However, her smile returned in record time. "Wait, wait, wait." She flew in front of him, finger pointed right at his face. "Are you just saying that? Like, you can shut your forcefield off any time, but you're pretending you can't because it would prove me right?"

Aaand now people were coming around to Glory Girl's view all of a sudden, because he looked absolutely suspicious for sidestepping a conclusive, 100%-accurate test. Through the phone slung around his neck, he could hear the sound of laughter.

"I can show my family album."

"Then why don't you?"

Because he couldn't be sure what details people would glean from his scroll, or just the scene of his family' living room. Because he didn't need a hundred prying questions leading to the conclusion that he was an alien from outer space.

He couldn't win.

Burying his face in his hands, he asked, "Can we please just focus on dealing with the real reason we're here instead of your wild delusions? You know, Bakuda and bombs and all that?"

"Sure thing… cousin."

It was almost a relief to rush into battle.


Author's Notes: ᓚ₍ ^. .^₎
Last edited: Dec 12, 2025
Stories:
QQ Sneaking His Way into the Multiverse , a RWBY Jaune, WC-lite mechanics story.
Other RWBY stories on AO3 or FF - Yakuza Arc | Conquered Menagerie: Annals of the Sixth Kingdom | Cat, Bunny, and the Good Ship Honey Starbright | The Agent
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, RSR2000, Amdiranifani and 798 others
LazyAutumnMoon
Jun 13, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 37: A Visitor's Guide to Brockton Bay - Experience Your Heroes Up Close and Personal
View content
LazyAutumnMoon
LazyAutumnMoon
We all need Sundancer in our life.
JoinedJun 7, 2024
Messages289
Likes received68,284
Jun 18, 2025
Add bookmark
#1,706
Chapter 37: A Visitor's Guide to Brockton Bay - Experience Your Heroes Up Close and Personal​


The man facing down Jaune swung the katana with all his strength. The weapon belonged more on a mantelpiece than in conflict (Jaune would know what he was talking about there), but that wasn't the true issue. Sharp pointy object was sharp pointy object—deadly in the right hands.

No, the problem was that the man had no form, no balance. Like an amateur that had picked up the ancestral blade he didn't know how to use.

Or, a civilian press-ganged into a war he didn't sign up for, a bomb implanted in his head as a fail-safe to force compliance. His manic rictus did not speak of a warrior lost in the sheer rush of battle, hot blood pumping through his veins. It better resembled the false face of a clown.

Laughing at the absurdity of the world, while screaming on the inside.

Jaune sidestepped the blade, and with hardly a pause stepped in close to grab the man's hand, crushing it within his grip to render him incapable of holding the katana. He then seized the now screaming man, and swung him around.

The speedster Velocity raced by in a red blur, dropping a canister on the road which broke open to spew forth white foam that hardened in seconds to immobilize the man. Thus ended the skirmish, all members of the ABB squad strewn about the road in various states of incapacitation.

He gave them a cursory scan before sprinting back inside the auto shop.

Thousands of blinking lights lit up the interior space, thickest in front of Armsmaster, who squatted facing the wall. The entire place had been rigged to blow once the ABB depleted the cache of bombs Bakuda left out for them, which would be some time tomorrow morning going by Tattletale. Wires crisscrossed the room in a tangled network that made Jaune's eyes spin, resembling the hairball Escha coughed up the other day. To him, it looked impossible to decipher.

Armsmaster had spotted the pattern, and narrowed the trigger down to one central cluster.

"Are you done yet?" He hadn't quite spat the words, but it'd be a lie to say they were spoken kindly.

The hero answered blandly, "This is a delicate task."

"And we're on a schedule. Miss Militia's team is probably almost done ahead." He placed a hand on the phone dangling around his neck, steadying it. "Tattletale. How is it on your end?"

"Just took care of another bomb. Bakuda tried to get clever, but it was child's play to figure out. Moving on now."

He returned his attention to Armsmaster. "See? Tattletale is faster than you! C'mon, we can't let her win!"

Of course, her success may have something to do with the fact that she chose for herself places she had previously encountered in another Brockton Bay, while foisting the rest on her local version and Faultline. The bet had paid off, with the explosives she disarms thus far being very similar, if not identical, to ones she knew. He kept that part from Armsmaster, letting the implicit suggestion that the hero was inferior to a villain light a fire under the man.

Sure enough, Armsmaster took the news personally. To the sound of grinding teeth, his hands moved in a blur, deftly cutting three wires in quick succession. He beckoned to Jaune.

"Put this in your pocket dimension," the man said, standing up and clearing the path to the trigger explosive.

Now that was unusual. Jaune's offer to employ the Pocket in these situations had been met with disregard by the hero since the formation of their group.

With a shrug, he squeezed past Armsmaster to touch the bomb. It vanished from the wall, and he then experienced the oddest sensation of warmth as he directed his thought to the new item in his Pocket. He mulled on the phenomenon and what it may indicate, before whirling on the hero.

"Wait a damn minute." He pointed an accusing finger. "This thing is still active!"

Armsmaster had severed its connections to the rest of the network, but neglected to disarm the bomb. From what Jaune learned of Bakuda and her penchant for nastiness over the last hour, the hero might have even hastened the countdown, and only his time-locked Pocket prevented it from blowing up in their faces.

An unrepentant Armsmaster grinned. "You wanted faster. So, there you go. There's seven seconds left on the timer."

Jaune couldn't help baring his teeth right back. Nestled among the man's many qualities for which he justly deserved hate, Armsmaster turned out to have a spark of that JNPR mentality in him. The Nora approach to problem solving, some call it.

"You crazy bastard. Let's keep going."

They exited the auto shop, with Jaune lingering a couple of paces behind so he could in passing brush his hand unseen against a cache of bombs , ste—requisitioning a few. Outside, Velocity was in the midst of securing the scene, handcuffing or spraying more of that hardening foam. An armored PRT truck meant for transport had pulled up, not to make arrests as that would come later, but to disgorge Clockblocker and Panacea from the back. The pair of teenage heroes served as the medic team, Panacea for obvious reasons and Clockblocker… Jaune would guess his purpose was to either ensure a patient lives long enough to see the healer, or to protect Panacea from a surprise attack by freezing her in time. On paper, they made quite a potent duo.

Their presence signaled that his part here was over. Handling the aftermath laid outside his purview, which was to assault the enemy's defenses and gain access to the workshops. The hideouts and barracks, too. Anywhere that the ABB had resources, whether arms or manpower.

A second PRT truck stopped in front of Jaune and Armsmaster. Rather than waste time getting in, they leapt onto the side of the vehicle, grabbing the hand- and foot-holds built into the metal. Armsmaster pounded a fist against the truck, and along with a screech of tires, they shot forward down the street. Velocity soon joined them, taking position on the rear bumpers.

Releasing a hand so he could swing over the road, Jaune leaned back his head and took a moment to enjoy the cool wind blowing through his hair.

This night was not a quiet one. Even now, he could hear the staccato of gunfire, and the occasional explosion lighting the sky briefly aglow. At turns and intersections, it's not uncommon to catch a glimpse of one of the patrol teams—a mix of New Wave and teenage members of the Protectorate like Shadow Stalker, Gallant, Browbeat—fending off ABB reinforcements. Somebody, somewhere, had started a fire, and its smoke rose in a column to block the moon from his sight.

At one point, he saw what he thought was a shooting star, burning white and flying low across the city. His eyes tracked it as it passed behind an office building, yet failed to come out the other side, leaving him to wonder if he had imagined that.

The truck rolled by another of their targets, a sewing shop used as a front for ABB activities. There, the driver lingered to let them survey the scene. A quick look was enough to decide that they could continue the push forward, as the battle seemed almost over. Concluding, of course, in favor of the Protectorate.

Assault and Battery—what a set of names for superheroes—were tag-teaming the remnants of the ABB contingent posted here, zipping around at high speed to avoid harm. Behind them, the big display window to the store had shattered into a million fragments, and Jaune noted that Miss Militia, the leader of this team, stood past the window alongside a kid dressed in green—Vista.

A muffled boom came from further inside, startling him and prompting a second glance. He soon relaxed as the blast radius was far smaller than it should be. Minuscule, really, and the building hadn't gone sky high as he feared.

Vista could alter distances, he recalled. That tidbit shone a light on the tactic he was witnessing, a remote detonation. The kid had brought her space-bending powers into play, warping the area around the bomb to form a spot where the world appeared to swirl, the colors bleeding together in ways that stung the eyes to see. It must have translated to the equivalent of an open space measuring in miles.

All in all, a very effective approach. Using one child, this team was setting off explosives at a proximity where the blast failed to even scratch the nearest shelf, let alone themselves. He somewhat envied Miss Militia for having such a great setup going. Quick, simple, none of these nerve-wracking games of cutting wires and guessing passwords.

"The sewing shop on Maple Avenue is cleared out," he reported into his phone. "Dauntless hasn't called in yet, so my group is headed for that apartment you mentioned."

Tattletale's chirpy voice came over the line. "Good to hear. My side had a rough spot with Squealer, but that's being taken care of. I'm on my way to the next place, too."

"What happened over there? Are you okay?"

He heard her groan.

"No matter how much she insists she's a Tinker, Squealer just isn't cut out for this. It's nowhere close to her field of expertise, and the idiot's too strung out from the drugs she takes to figure out all the details. Half the street is covered in acid as a result. If it wasn't for Trickster swapping her out with a mailbox, we'd be down a cape right now."

Her tone indicated that any sadness at the possibility would last a whole two seconds instead of one, the girl concerned only insofar it meant a reduction in their forces.

"Why don't you stay far away from that disaster case, Tattletale? I'd hate to find that you or Escha got hurt."

Admittedly, he shared her sentiment on the matter. If Squealer screwed up on a job she insisted she could accomplish, the fault was on her own head. Were he absent to save her from the resulting catastrophe, oops. He placed far more importance on his team's well-being than some random villain.

"Who else was present? Are they all fine?" he asked very carefully, thinking of nobody in particular, of course. Could be the local Tattletale. Could be the capes he met from Faultline's crew.

"Sundancer was. She's gone."

His hand slipped. He would have fallen off the truck if not for Armsmaster hooking the halberd under his arm and pulling him back on the vehicle.

"What!?" he squeaked into the phone.

"Haha! I knew that's how you'd react!" Her laughter rang loud, but not louder than his thundering heartbeat. "She's gone… in the sense that I saw the signs coming a mile away and ordered everybody to evacuate."

"Don't scare me like that!"

"Oh, please, it wouldn't be any big loss. Not like she should matter to you. Wrong version, remember?"

He grimaced. "I get your point, I do, but we should still watch out for our allies. They're on our side." Sure, maybe he reserved those thoughts more for certain people than others. That didn't make the notion worthless.

"Yeah, yeah. Whatever."

He sensed that she was reading him like an open book, [Blank] or not, and she didn't care much for his priorities.

"I'm coming up on my destination now, so I'll be out of contact for a bit."

His own vehicle slowed down, taking a turn that put them on the street they were headed for. He glanced back, finding the medical truck chugging along at a safe distance, ready to lend aid. Miss Militia's team must not have left much work for Panacea.

"Good luck, Tattletale. I mean it about you staying safe. Aura might not last long against some of these bombs." The acid one sounded nasty. The first bomb Armsmaster deactivated that was supposed to turn a person inside-out sounded just as bad.

"...'Kay. I'll probably do some reassignments of the teams. Move Squealer where she can't cause trouble. Jaune?"

"Yes?"

"Go easy?"

"Don't worry. I am," he said as he jumped off the truck.

Light touches on the rockets helped him achieve a soft landing, sword and shield out. Meanwhile, Armsmaster and Velocity opted for the safer approach of remaining aboard and waiting until the truck turned aside, which created a cover for them from the band of gun-toting ABB gangsters ahead. This place should be one of the barracks, which explained why he was seeing a significantly bigger force compared to the previous raid.

A quick eyeball estimate, and Jaune broke into a run straight at their formation. These were rookie numbers. Baby numbers!

Bullets pinged off his shield and the road, the volume of firepower the gangsters could output undercut by their awful accuracy—he doubted they ever learned proper aiming, simply shooting just to shoot. What they did have in spades was enthusiasm, yelling and whooping in an eagerness to watch him die. It pointed to their status as willing participants of the ABB, and he interpreted that attitude as their enthusiastic consent to an ass-kicking.

Activating his boots, he blasted across the final intervening distance to crash into, then through their ranks.

They parted before him, thrown aside by the impact, slamming into their allies and knocking each other off their feet. In the resulting pandemonium, the smarter ones still standing traded guns for knives and baseball bats with nails in them. The dumb, or inexperienced, gangsters swept their firearms in his direction.

As Tattletale (constantly throughout the night) asked, he went easy. Returning his shield to scabbard form, he stowed his sword and in the same motion cracked it against the hand of the closest gunman. A backswing slapped the same person across the face, and he collapsed in a boneless heap. And that, was three or four people Jaune just saved from friendly fire.

With another swing of Crocea Mors, at least two of those were taken out of the fight, teeth bashed in and nose broken.

A gangster opened fire with his handgun, the rounds finding flesh… but missing Jaune as he had ducked low. A tackle folded the man in half, and on recovery Jaune stomped his face for good measure, simultaneously sweeping his sword to catch an ambusher on the side. The sound of snapping rib bones was accompanied by a screech, cut short as he punched out the gangster.

The ones he bowled over were climbing back to their feet now, which put them in the way of those trying to reach him. The messy situation suited him fine, and he took the opportunity to lay into them. They didn't last for much longer, and he soon stood above a mound of defeated foes.

As he considered going to help the others deal with their own pack of attackers, the doors to the nearby apartment building crashed open. More members of the ABB spilled out onto the road, wielding various dangerous implements in their hands. Very few guns among them, and soon to be fewer still as he marked the people holding those to take down first.

Mixed in with the gangsters were a number of people who had the look of civilians terrified out of their wits. Jaune took a short moment to address them, offering an out.

"Do any of you want to surrender?" He waited for a beat. "No?"

Repeating his earlier success, Jaune cannonballed into the newcomers. Shouts of 'He's a cape!' arose as it fully dawned for them that his mundane outfit hid unordinary powers, along with 'Brute!' which he thought was rather rude. Some tried to back off here, pushed forward by those pressing forward from behind.

Amidst the thick of bodies, he eluded their attempts to hit him with a speed they cannot hope to match. Each well-placed swing of Crocea Mors brought with it a satisfying crack to denote another downed opponent. Definite civilians like the older folks and crying housewives received firm shoves to move them out of the fray, broken hands deterring those that proved more persistent. The iffier ones, he plucked from the disorganized mob to simply toss them over his shoulder, the height of their falls ensuring they wouldn't return to the fight.

A gangster who thought himself clever was using other people as cover to strike at him. Jaune showed the same courtesy, seizing him for use as a club to strike at his allies, the impromptu flail rendered unconscious by the fifth collision or so. He threw the person aside, and eyed the crowd for his next potential weapon. A bulky man his age, face scarred by a blade, saw fit to dive at him. Seconds later, he was screaming like a scared child as Jaune swung him by a leg.

Once he had cleared some space, Jaune swept the gangster in an overhead arc then slammed him down into the concrete curb, letting go to let the man flop on the ground.

He looked around. Collectively, the ABB shrank back. They refused to run, though, so with a twirl of his sword, he advanced on them.

Then, everybody was behind him.

Jaune spun on his heels, staring in utter confusion at the ongoing battle before his eyes. The ABB were mounting a desperate counterattack, throwing bodies at the fray. Armsmaster stood within the crowd, dispatching people left and right. Velocity skirted the periphery, tossing out containment foam canisters. A squad of PRT troopers supported them, in danger of being dog-piled by sheer numbers—Jaune recognized the vehicle at their backs, the medical transport.

Nobody paid him any mind.

"What just happened?"

It's a question that could be left for later. He had spotted Clockblocker near the troopers, and like them, the boy wasn't faring well, near overrun.

Racing past the hero, he raised Crocea Mors high.

All of the ABB were on the ground.

"—hear me? What's your situation? Jaune, answer me!" Tattletale's voice came through the phone, sounding upset.

Now quite lost, he lowered his sword while scanning the area. The Protectorate forces were moving between the ABB members and handcuffing them to each other, displaying a calmness that juxtaposed the hot-blooded intensity of an instant earlier. Armsmaster and Velocity chatted, standing a good few yards from where he last saw them. Two figures in white—Panacea and Clockblocker—stooped over one of the captives.

"Jaune!"

Numbly, he grabbed the phone, and said, "Tattletale, I… I think I just lost minutes of my life." His voice cracked near the end. Whatever happened to him, he didn't understand it and didn't like it.

Tattletale only needed a split second to surmise the cause. "Has to be Clockblocker. He used his time-stop power on you? But why would he…"

"We're going to find out." Jaune narrowed his eyes. "He's coming over."

"He is? Good. Hey! Hey, blue balls! Is this a declaration of war? What the fuck do you think you're doing?" Tattletale yelled for the hero to hear.

Far from cowed, Clockblocker stomped right up to Jaune, yelling back at the phone.

"What am I doing? Ask your boytoy that." He raised his head, the blank expanse of glass that formed the mask an inch from Jaune's face. "Buddy, what's your damage?"

This was not the attitude Jaune expected to find.

"Hah?" he said with unsurpassed eloquence.

"Did the ABB do something to you? Or are you some kind of psycho?" Clockblocker swept a hand behind him. "We have a bunch of people in critical condition because of you, and that's not counting the ones Panacea saved!"

Jaune leaned to the side to look behind Clockblocker, where he took in the scene of Panacea running back and forth, tending to the ABB gunmen that he subdued. His eyes trailed over the splatters of blood and the twisted limbs.

Their necks were still screwed on at the right angle, and their chests rose and fell. It could have been a lot worse. Jaune returned his gaze to Clockblocker.

"Aaand your point is? They're alive, aren't they?"

"..."

"..."

Both Tattletale and Clockblocker fell quiet in response, the latter seeming to choke on his spit as he gawked.

Slowly, Clockblocker came to grips with what he had heard. "You don't see how thinking 'they're still barely breathing so it's okay' is a problem? Holy shit." He stepped back, a hand going up to rub his temples before he remembered he was wearing a helmet. Instead, he jabbed a finger at Jaune's face. "Our job might be to bust heads, but not to the level of them cracking open like an egg! Seriously, dude, Glory Girl vouched for you, then I see you go and pull this. What the hell?"

"Boo hoo hoo," Tattletale piped up in snide mockery. "A bunch of gangbangers-turned-terrorists got manhandled by the guy they tried to kill. Oh, the humanity." She gave a bitter chuckle. "Where was this mercy at the bank when Kid Win tried to shoot us with a cannon, huh? Jaune didn't kill anybody." Boy, did she sound relieved there. "You acted like he committed murder. Overreacting much?"

"Tattles or whatever you're called, I know you can't be all there since you're on the same team as the creepy bug girl, but this kind of brutality—"

"I know what I'm doing," Jaune said, cutting off Clockblocker. He held up his sword. "I've trained to use this, and by now I've got a pretty good handle on what it takes to kill someone." His mind conjured images of Hound Dogs sliced apart in a careless swing. Mostly, he amended to himself.

"Uh, yeah, I call bull. I had to freeze people that were bleeding out. They might not have been dead, but they were actively dying."

He shrugged. "You have Panacea." A snap of his fingers, superfluous yet satisfyingly dramatic, summoned a stimpak to hand. "And I have this little doohickey to heal them up. It would have been fine."

"Oh my god, why is this so hard for you to comprehend?" said Clockblocker as he slapped a palm to his facemask. "I'm telling you we aren't supposed to let it get to the point where that's needed in the first place. Use handcuffs! That's what they're there for!" He glanced back at the downed ABB. "As it is, half of them aren't waking up because of you."

Jaune reviewed his memory, wondering if maybe the squishiness of Earth people were worse than he thought, but calmed down as Tattletale gave a loud, pondering hum.

"What's the diagnosis? And don't lie. Panacea can at least see the causes even if she 'can't heal brains'."

"Blunt force trauma leading to brain damage. Real pretty," said Clockblocker.

"Yeah… somehow, that doesn't sound like the whole truth. Did Panacea say something else?" She waited, needing no answer as the silence itself was a confession. "Yes. You don't want to admit it. It undermines your point. Ha! It's obvious, then. They'll recover."

Jaune pumped a fist. It looked like he got that control down pat, after all.

The other boy didn't share the same cheery outlook. Clockblocker scoffed, and was about to speak when a new voice joined the conversation.

"Clockblocker, enough."

Both boys turned their heads toward the approaching Armsmaster. Grim-faced, he marched in even strides that were quieter than one would expect. Jaune hadn't heard him until he spoke up.

"But, sir!" Clockblocker straightened up, prepared to argue.

"What did I say? We are on a timetable, if you recall. Bickering among ourselves will solve nothing right now."

Jaune nodded along in agreement.

"Be useful. Get back to your tasks."

Jaune stopped nodding, and cringed, sending Clockblocker a glance. The other boy had taken it as well as he thought, flinching under the older hero's rebuke. Clockblocker hurried to obey the order, rushing off with a last look—no doubt scathing behind the mask—over his shoulder.

"That was a little harsh," Jaune said. Clockblocker might have been oversensitive about matters, but the guy was putting in solid effort considering that he left the safety of the armored truck to join the front line.

Armsmaster looked to Jaune. "Was it? I advised him to focus on what he can do."

It took him a moment to realize that, yes, the man was serious. Armsmaster had intended his words to Clockblocker as a statement of fact rather than criticism.

"Don't ever take on work as a motivational speaker," he said, shaking his head as he walked past the hero.

An armored hand clamped down on his shoulder, squeezing until his Aura flared.

"Understand that any fatalities on your part will be investigated," Armsmaster warned, his jaw set in a hard line, "And are grounds for reconsideration of your status as an independent hero. My Protectorate will not work with a villain. Got it?"

The man didn't wait for an answer, releasing the grip before leaving for the transport truck.

Jaune stared after his back, then turned to survey the battlefield. From heroes to troopers, everyone angled their helmets so they could watch him out of their periphery while carrying on their duties.

"I really was holding back," he explained himself to the only person left to listen, and heard her exhale a long breath.

"I know, but they're worried. I think you might have killed someone, Jaune, and they're just keeping news of it from the kiddies." She paused, before continuing, "Do you understand why I asked you to go easy on the ABB?"

He nodded even though she wouldn't see it. "Because the Protectorate gets leery of murder, you've said. Their reaction seems kind of overboard, though, don't you think? It's not like I wasn't aware there are regular people mixed in with the gang. They didn't want to turn on the city, they were forced into it, and I did my best to separate them."

"...Try a little more? Please?"

Well, he couldn't say no to that, could he?

At the next location, he hung back, forgoing earlier tactics to adopt a careful approach of skirting the edges like the others. His opponents would come within range in ones and twos. To the approval of the Protectorate, he blocked or parried them, seeking a chance to disarm where he could have powered through the exchange in a single blow.

It did become somewhat of a slog for everyone involved, because now he was no longer grabbing the attention of the ABB. The heroes had to take the brunt of it since their costumes were much more recognizable to the locals than his, and thus registered as the bigger threat. They handled it well, if slower than the pace he was used to.

He had to admit, the new restrictions chafed on him. The praises Tattletale would give him about what a good job he was doing were pretty nice, though.


Author's Notes: Jaune meets his new mortal enemies, proper procedures and reasonable force.

Busy busy busy. Writing in spare moments, so it was either 4k words now or 8k words on Sunday or so.
Bright side, next chapter on Sunday or so.
Stories:
QQ Sneaking His Way into the Multiverse , a RWBY Jaune, WC-lite mechanics story.
Other RWBY stories on AO3 or FF - Yakuza Arc | Conquered Menagerie: Annals of the Sixth Kingdom | Cat, Bunny, and the Good Ship Honey Starbright | The Agent
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, RSR2000, Amdiranifani and 711 others
LazyAutumnMoon
Jun 18, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 38: A Visitor's Guide to Brockton Bay - We Have Ninjas, Dragons, and Explosions
View content
LazyAutumnMoon
LazyAutumnMoon
We all need Sundancer in our life.
JoinedJun 7, 2024
Messages289
Likes received68,284
Jun 23, 2025
Add bookmark
#1,855
Chapter 38: A Visitor's Guide to Brockton Bay - We Have Ninjas, Dragons, and Explosions​


The sky lit up in red and green. Oni Lee was on the scene.

Jaune caught a glimpse of his demonic mask, before the man exploded into ash. One would think that was the end, yet the villain returned again.

An ambush on New Wave had started it all, catching the heroes when they were patrolling the next street over from Jaune's group. Those that could fly—Lady Photon, Laserdream, Shielder, Glory Girl—now chased the villain in a cat-and-mouse game that rattled windows and rained down fire, accompanied by a scattered boom, boom, boom rhythm to shake the night.

Hanging off the moving PRT truck, Jaune watched as Oni Lee would appear in mid-air, trying to grab onto one of the New Wave heroes and detonating them both with a tinkertech bomb. The shields that the Pelhams could conjure saved them here, forming walls or bubbles that rebuffed the villain, often stacking on top of each other to help mitigate the blasts.

As he possessed no means to stay aloft, Oni Lee took the moments in between attacks to recover by landing on the rooftops, at which point the tables turned and lasers—or a flying blonde—would attempt to clip him before his next teleport. An odd quirk of his power was that Oni Lee would always leave a copy, one capable of independent action. It fooled the eye, on multiple occasions making Jaune think that New Wave had succeeded in striking the villain only for the copy to burst into a dust cloud upon receiving a strong blow.

"He's good," Jaune said with a grimace. It was becoming clear after the repeated exchanges that the villain exhibited top-notch combat awareness.

From his phone, Tattletale replied, "Who?" A loud boom answered her question. "Oni Lee. Careful, Jaune. He survived for years without capture by being a complete sociopath. He goes for the lethal option right off the bat, and never shows mercy."

"An accurate summation," Armsmaster said from his spot on the vehicle. The man did not hide his distaste of Tattletale, though that may apply to all villains in general. "It's curious that his power can copy Bakuda's tinkertech—"

Tattletale cut in. "She must have simplified the ones she gave to him. They're barely tinkertech, which probably means limited range and limited effects." Reveling in a mind unrestrained, the girl continued to rattle off conjectures that better resembled firsthand observations with how they seem to narrate the scene before Jaune's eyes.

His inclination was to join the aerial battle, but he resisted that urge. Despite the wanton destruction he could inflict with his new arsenal, Oni Lee ranked far lower as a priority to the true threat facing Brockton Bay, Bakuda. The plan simply called for him to remain occupied, and New Wave's combination of shields, laser, and flight had the matter well in hand even if it looked like they might not achieve victory. His presence added very little to the equation that they didn't already have, and might be better utilized elsewhere.

For example, up ahead.

"Tattletale, I think Lung's here."

"You sure?"

"Unless they have another guy running around in a mask on their side, that's probably him."

A newcomer to Brockton Bay's cape scene—say, a certain Jaune Arc—might expect the dragon man of the ABB to make an entrance that involved roars and fires and flapping wings, the villain either swooping in like a hawk or slowly descending from the sky in a dramatic fashion. With boss music.

Instead, a sedan careened down the road at breakneck speed. The car had its roof ripped away, allowing a view of the people inside. Of the driver, there's not much to note. A mook in ABB colors. The one in the back, though…

With one hand gripping the driver's headrest, the man half-stood in the backseat of the car. A suit jacket hung off his shoulders like a cape, billowing in the wind. On his face, a stylized mask depicting a snarling beast—a dragon.

"Oh, you are just catching all the luck tonight, aren't you?"

He chuckled. "A little less sass, you. I'm going to need those reinforcements as fast as you can bring them."

"On it. I'm disarming a bomb at the moment so I won't be there, but I'll pass the word to the teams and get some people out to you in… let's put it at ten minutes, since I can still hear fighting outside. Think you can stall him that long?"

"I'll make do. Should you really be talking to me right now?"

"Psh. Bakuda's work is no big deal. She's a child playing at being clever. Don't worry about me."

A few blocks away, the driver of the sedan slammed on the brakes, swerving to a dead stop. With casual ease, Lung jumped a good ten feet in the air to land lightly on the asphalt road. That prompted the PRT truck to also slow to a halt with Jaune hopping off first, Armsmaster and Velocity following suit.

In near perfect sync, the two vehicles pulled in reverse, neither drivers inclined to remain in the vicinity of a battle among superpowered people.

With a flex of his shoulders, Lung shrugged off his jacket, letting it fall to the ground. He had eschewed a shirt beneath, and indicated no discomfort at standing bare-chested in the cool chill. Sinuous dragons tattoos covered almost every inch of his skin. They rippled as he advanced down the center of the street in languid strides.

"So," Jaune began, turning to address Armsmaster. "Lung. He gets stronger the more time he spends in a fight, right?"

Gaze locked onto the villain, Armsmaster said, "A bit simplified, but yes. The exact mechanism for Lung's transformation is a mixed bag. His baseline begins at enhanced physical strength and pyrokinesis, scaling up from there. Analysis draws a high correlation with the presence of parahumans." He adjusted his grip on his halberd. "Visual awareness of a threat may contribute to his growth, albeit it is unclear to what extent that factors."

"That matches up with the briefing I got. Okay, game plan. I'll need Vista, Gallant, and I guess Clockblocker here for this. Call them over for me?"

The first two numbered among the names Tattletale suggested as ideal options for this phase. The last one, he added just now, and it had surprisingly little to do with their earlier encounter.

He didn't necessarily need Lung dead, and he definitely didn't need Lung exploding in size to become a giant lizard. A space-warper, an emotion-controller, and a time-stopper fit well within that purpose. Someone to keep Lung at a distance, someone to sap his drive to fight, and someone to put him in timeout. It seemed, to him, a combo that should give the villain quite a lot of grief, distracting him from providing aid to Bakuda.

"Denied. I will not send the Wards into a battle with Lung, of all people."

Which was why he so very much wanted to slap Armsmaster right about now.

"Of fucking course," Tattletale muttered on her end.

He decided to offer more tact than that. "What's the big deal? They knew the danger they're getting into, fighting the ABB."

"There's danger, and then there's Lung," said Armsmaster, refusing to bend.

An answer that, in all honesty, evoked no surprise; Tattletale had warned him of the possibility. The Protectorate were a strange lot in regards to their teenage heroes, preferring that they avoid conflict altogether. Thus, he had been hoping to spring the decision on Armsmaster, so as to force a snap judgment call under pressure. No dice.

Granted, Vista's circumstance was a little ridiculous, and near impossible to overlook. The kid was, like, twelve years old and didn't belong anywhere close to the battlefield. If her superpower wasn't to functionally put infinite distance between her and a threat, he would have had strong misgivings on including her in his plan. (Gallant and Clockblocker were his age, and as a result clearly possessed the wisdom and maturity to take care of themselves.)

"I've sent an request for assistance through my comms to the other members of the Protectorate," Armsmaster informed him. "You, Velocity, and I will distract Lung in the meantime."

Jaune thought about it for almost one whole second. "Wait wait wait… I heard from Tattletale you tried that a few years ago, and the entire neighborhood burned to the ground."

Eheh. Someone looked unhappy at the reminder.

The point stood, nevertheless. Until the villains got here, they had to maintain the situation at a level that denied Lung the energy to fuel his transformation. Gradually adding capes to the fight benefited him to an enormous degree, playing to the core mechanism of his ability. For a strategy of numbers to truly succeed, it required a quick and overwhelming response from the start without any option to resist, a dozen superpowers working in concert to crash over Lung like a tidal wave.

"Let's maybe give my Plan B a shot," he suggested.

"What does that entail?" asked a curious Velocity.

He gestured at the two heroes. "Well, you'd stay right here in this spot so you don't provoke Lung." He proceeded to point at Lung. "While I stroll on over there to beat him up."

A brief silence ensued as the heroes parsed the statement. Afterward, Armsmaster spoke up, "Are you a fool, or are you just that arrogant? Do you think you're the first person to believe they can go toe-to-toe with Lung? If it were that easy, I would have captured him long ago." He shook his head. "Prior simulations put my odds against him at 44.475%, the highest of any single Protectorate hero in Brockton Bay."

"Sounds kind of low," Jaune commented.

"The number assumes no other capes are in the area, and holds true for close to seven minutes, at which point Lung's rate of improvement would advance beyond my capabilities. Either I subdue him before then, or I lose. You? You'll die."

Jaune raised a finger to stop him there.

"Hang on, now. You're missing one important detail." He skipped away from the heroes, placing himself ahead of them and looking from one to the other. "See, I have an advantage you don't."

"Which is?" Armsmaster asked. With his warning given, the man seemed content to let events play out, no doubt having seen this exact sort of attitude in the past from other capes.

Jaune spun on his heels to face Lung. "Wouldn't you like to know?"

Before they could inquire further, he strode forward on a direct course for the leader of the ABB. The villain was only a block away now. The mask hid his thoughts, but the way he clenched his fists spoke of a rising temper. It's possible he saw Jaune's bold action as a sign of disrespect.

He would not be the only person taking umbrage with that decision.

"Jaaaune," Tattletale hissed dangerously. "You didn't tell me about this. What's going on, silly man?"

"You know I fought Leviathan?"

"You never shut up about it," she grumbled.

"It's a story that bears repeating. Anyway, there was something I noticed during that fight."

"Let me guess. A certain someone's rear end?"

"Ha. No. I noticed that I should have died five times over, if not for Leviathan's own mistake. It doesn't just rely on its eyes. It can detect superpowers."

In a split second, she pinpointed the connection. "Like Lung."

"Like Lung," he confirmed. "Leviathan had no trouble killing the people it focuses on, but didn't know what to do once it got to me. It tried to hit me as if I was a normal person at first. Only when I survived did it escalate to a harder attack."

It's a simple thing, his advantage. Armsmaster could never imitate the strategy in a million years.

After all, the man couldn't lose his powers.

"So, basically, you look weak."

"Super weak. Scrawny, even."

"And you think Lung's ability operates on the same principles, meaning one of his senses—maybe the most important one—won't register you as a threat, which would gimp his rate of growth."

"Exactly. To his powers, I'll appear as ferocious as a housecat."

"If it works."

Jaune rocketed forward, ducked under a reflexive punch, and with a full body spin both summoned then smashed a gunlance against Lung's midriff to launch him away with the force of a cannon shot. The villain flew in a straight line across the street and struck the brick wall of a building, the impact kicking up a cloud of dust and debris.

"It works," Jaune said with a carefree grin.

He lifted the Red Rook gunlance to rest it on a shoulder. Gone were the jeans and poncho, replaced by the armor of a Monster Hunter. The red scales of an otherworldly beast gleamed in the night, and heat thrummed within the chamber of the lance, primed to roar with the might of Rathalos.

As Jaune watched the spot where Lung landed from behind his helmet visor, his mind raced. That opening shot had told him a few things. One, he was faster. The punch Lung directed at him moved at a speed he could follow and react to. Two, Lung shared the same weird Earth quirk as most people in this world where they had a hard time resisting impact. One little hit and they just fly off, no gritting their teeth and bearing it with their legs. Three…

"He didn't look much like a dragon. I feel cheated."

Twin jets of flames blasted out of the dust cloud. One missed him, while he summoned the paired shield for Red Rook to block the other. The flames spread atop the metal and scales, washing over his form.

Jaune stood there, and enjoyed the sensation of a summer breeze.

The dust cleared to reveal Lung, breathing hard with arms outstretched. Small patches of silver scales had broken through his skin, most notably over his belly. His eyes behind the mask now glowed orange, vertical pupils sending forth a baleful glare.

"Ooh. There it is."

The transformation proceeded in spurts, it seemed. Faster in areas that Lung suffered injury, and rather random elsewhere. Still, Jaune couldn't see how the man would go from this to a twenty-foot tall dragon with wings in a reasonable length of time, so his theory might be panning out.

A part of him contemplated stabbing Lung with the lance and firing off a shell. The villain might be famous for his regeneration factor, but a big gaping hole in the chest should prove quite debilitating. And say what you want, nobody comes back from a missing head.

"Tattletale, would anyone mind if I kill him?"

"You really think you can?" Her voice was muffled due to the phone being tucked under the armor chestplate, but the skepticism carried across just fine.

"His body is tough, but not to the extent where it's invincible. He felt kind of squishy when I hit him."

"I wonder how wise that'd be," Tattletale mused, ignoring the last part. "The PRT is wary of you. Killing Lung will turn you into a person they can't ignore."

"So? We're on the same side."

"That doesn't mean much with the Director of this PRT branch, or with Armsmaster. They'll reprioritize, and—"

Her explanation was drowned out by a stream of words in a language Jaune somewhat recognized—Japanese. Lung had gotten to his feet, and seemed to have overheard him talking despite the distance between them. Evidently, the man disagreed with Jaune's proposal that he pretty please shuffle off this mortal coil, spewing what Jaune suspected were curses and insults. That became a shout as Lung leapt at him, traversing the intervening space in a single bound.

And then Lung exploded. Fire roiled from the villain to create a ball of flames, one with weight behind it that knocked Jaune back before he could take another swing at his foe.

Briefly airborne, his boots found purchase on the asphalt, scraping to a stop a few steps from his previous place.

Lung rushed out of the smoke, fire burning on his skin and clothes. His form followed a loose boxer's guard, but with fingers shaped into claws instead of fists. With a gesture, he summoned more flames, swiping to create an obscuring curtain.

A moment later, his other hand pierced the flames only to meet the tip of Red Rook. The Rathalos tailspike punctured the center of Lung's palm, drawing a shriek from the villain.

Jaune twisted the lance to worsen the wound, and pulled the trigger. A spark ignited within the chamber, and a gunlance shell shot out of the barrel to pulverize the trapped hand altogether. It then traveled along a path that seared the flesh off of Lung's arm, passing by his face and ripping away his ear, splattering blood across the steel mask.

The screams bounced off the buildings, carrying with it a touch of a bestial roar. Lung's transformation continued on, even now.

Following the force of the recoil, Jaune pivoted, sweeping the gunlance in a wide circle and slamming it into Lung again. Once more, the man went flying. This time, Jaune chased him. [Third Arm] grabbed onto a street light, pulling him up high. He reversed his grip on his weapon, angling it to strike the villain from above.

Another spontaneous explosion occurred, diverting the lance tip so that it drilled into the road instead of Lung's face. Jaune landed on unsteady feet, and Lung used the opening to scramble upright. The torn side of his face had staunched its bleeding, and his missing hand had regrown as a singular metal claw, resembling a sword. Lung brandished his new blade, surging forward in the hope of reaching Jaune before he could free his weapon.

Red Rook simply vanished, then reappeared in Jaune's grip. He cradled the lance on his shoulder as he ducked the first swipe, and backpedaled to avoid the second. The subsequent series of slashes found similar success, never striking true; ineffectual flames licked over near impervious armor.

"Too slow! Too slow!" Jaune mocked. All the while, he watched for an opportunity.

"How are you doing this!?" howled Lung.

Jaune doubted he was referring to the evasive maneuvers. The villain meant the delay in his transformation. Perhaps years of experience informed Lung that his current state did not match up with the injuries he had taken, because at this point he still appeared more human than beast, giving the title of dragon a bad name.

Of course, Jaune refused to shed any light on the matter. The time was not ripe for a heroic monologue.

"Wouldn't you like to know?" was his answer for yet a second time.

"Raaahhh!"

The screech contained a shrill note that no human should be able to make. Frustrated, and no less confused, Lung whipped his arm-blade across Jaune's throat.

Despite being backed by such incandescent rage, the blade whiffed empty air.

Jaune laughed, straightening up. "It's useless! You're still too slow!"

Bam!

Jaune stumbled back, "Ow…"

That jab had been a blur, fast enough that he couldn't easily dodge and augmented by scales that were akin to a gauntlet. Lung pressed the advantage, kicking out.

Jaune caught it on his lance, and grunted at the power behind the attack.

"Careful! I don't think you're mitigating all of his growth!"

Jaune blocked a fiery punch with his shield, and tilted his chin down to mutter at the phone. "I can tell, thanks. Because, you know, it's happening right in front of my face. What's his next piece of transformation? When will he eclipse me?"

"Ugh, you act like that's so easy to figure out."

He could practically imagine her rolling her eyes at that moment.

"Whatever. You're hopeless. Leave it to me." Tattletale gave a hum. "Let's see, let's think, since he took…uh, how many seconds was it… wait…"

The tip of the lance got Lung on the chin, twisting his neck right around, back to front.

Now, that should have decided it, Jaune rather thought. Instead, with a series of sickening cracks, Lung reoriented his face to the correct angle. His neck was several inches longer, becoming somewhat serpentine.

"Aha. That's new," Jaune said weakly. "Tattletale, you still there? This guy's getting kind of weird."

When he received no response, he craned his ear. At the very edge of his hearing, there came a soft murmuring.

"...oh god… oh god…"

That didn't sound good.

"What's wrong?" He waited for an answer while dancing around Lung's claws. "Hey, Tattletale, say some-ack!"

He doubled over, eyes stinging with tears due to the low blow struck with superhuman strength. A follow-up knee smashed into his helm, throwing his head back. Keenly aware he was wide open, he set the rockets to full blast and launched himself out of range, landing half a block away on the sidewalk. It bought him a reprieve of mere seconds, and he was soon back to fending off a flurry of claws and flames. Every couple of strikes registered as a little faster, a little stronger. Lung loomed above him, measuring near eight feet tall.

"Jaune…"

"Tattletale, are you hurt?"

"No. No. It's all good. It's nothing." Her bright tone contrasted the earlier despair, but listen close, and a warble could be detected beneath the blithe facade the girl was putting up. She took a deep breath. "Okay. Business. Lung. Clearly his active recognition of a threat can have a bigger effect on his whole dragonification shtick than we thought."

He still wanted to know what was going on with her, but she wasn't letting him get a word in edgewise.

"It's also possibly due to him realizing on an instinctual level that he's losing."

"I NEVER LOSE!" Lung screamed through what seemed like a mouth full of fangs.

"And he can now hear me. Hi, Lung!"

If she could joke, she has to be okay, right? Relatively?

With the knowledge that their enemy was listening in, they couldn't reveal too much. Tattletale tried her best to advise him, anyway.

"You're damaging him to the extent that it's forcing his body to adapt to survive." In other words, slow down. "What's he looking like? Are there spikes behind his shoulders yet?"

That was difficult to tell, as the villain kept angling his body to stay centered on Jaune. A gunlance shell pulped his shoulder and twirled him around.

"Nope. I see nothing."

"Good. That means he's not too far along. Those would have been the beginning of wings, and is usually a sign he's ramping up to unmanageable levels. Watch his mouth if the mask falls off. He bites. Oh, and his fires get hotter. You might be able to endure it at the moment, but at a certain point, it could be a problem."

"You're rambling. I already heard most of that stuff from you a couple hours ago."

"Less snarking, more fighting!"

[Third Arm] shot out to grab Lung by the ankle, yanking his leg from under him. Jaune stayed defensive on Tattletale's advice, unwilling to push the transformation too fast. As a diversion, he fired a shell at the ground to startle the villain, then waited for him to recover.

When Lung charged back in, swinging his arm-blade, he deflected it with his shield and snapped out a kick at a shin—a light attack that taunted rather than cause actual harm.

Well, sort of.

Lung hissed as the bone shattered and mended. Anticipating a follow-up, he bought room by exploding again, something that Jaune was content to let happen as all it did was waste time.

It couldn't last. The villain wasn't stupid. After a couple of exchanges continued in that vein, Lung finally caught on that Jaune would pass on obvious chances to hurt him, and shifted his style to suit. He leaned into attacks, trying to stoke his transformation by receiving injuries as he came to understand that a drawn-out battle was for once benefiting his opponent rather than himself.

And when that still wasn't enough, Lung seemed to decide a big move would bring things to a close. Both hands, one whole and one warped, came together to summon a huge fireball.

Jaune thought nothing of it, jumping as Lung launched the attack in his direction. He had to activate his boots to further gain height when, manipulated by its master, the fireball ballooned to an enormous size in midair.

Except, after vaulting over, he couldn't see Lung anywhere. That was, until an arm extended from within the inferno to clamp tight around his leg.

Wham!

He struck the ground. A foot stomped on his back to trap him, followed by a conflagration to cover his form.

The heat didn't present an issue. Lung had a ways to go yet to even ping his Aura in this armor, and Jaune could have just laid there for the duration if not for the fire consuming oxygen as fuel, robbing his breath in the process. Suffocation would be a terrible way to die.

With that thought at the forefront of his mind, he braced his arms beneath him, and shoved. Lung might have gained another fifty pounds with his transformation, but he still lacked the leverage to keep a person pinned in place. The sudden movement threw him briefly off-balance.

Then a stop sign smacked him in the face, knocking Lung on his rear.

Jaune turned his head, and saw a welcome sight. The villains have arrived.

Ballistic was the one to have sent that attack, standing at a street corner alongside the rest of the Travelers. Newter, Gregor, Grue, and Skitter joined them there, with some of Coil's mercenaries stationed further back.

The Protectorate heroes provided their own support in the form of Miss Militia, Velocity, Triumph. Manpower and Flashbang of New Wave were present, too. Their group assembled on the opposite side of the street, looking at the villains with complicated frowns.

"Tattletale. The backup's here," he reported as he climbed back to his feet.

"Nice! Who did the do-gooders sacrifice to the slaughter?" Tattletale changed her tune as he named them, blowing a raspberry. "Half of those are bad matchups against Lung! What were they thinking? Man, they're going to have a bad time."

"You sent Skitter, so I don't think you have room to talk. What good are bug powers here?"

A laugh came over the line. "She almost killed him a few weeks ago with those bug powers."

That piece of news made him take a second look at said villain, happening to catch the yellow insect eyes of her mask staring back at him. He shivered.

It seemed, in any universe, one thing remained constant about Skitter: she's nuts.

Also, was he imagining it, or was Sundancer squeeing like a fangirl while looking at him?

He checked over himself to see what he was doing right. His armor and gunlance stood out as the one big difference between past him and present him.

Lung sat up, silver scales covering the majority of his body. Purely for showing off, Jaune swung his gunlance to point at the villain, and fired a shell that hit him with the sound of a gong. Down Lung went, as he observed Sundancer's reaction.

Yes, definitely his gear. He filed a mental note to wear this outfit more often.

"Time to swap, Jaune. Let's let the others handle it." Tattletale suggested, having heard the shot and mistaking it as his eagerness to continue fighting.

"I'm heading out now. That was just a little gift I'm leaving for Lung. Do we meet at Bakuda's hideout, or should I swing by to pick you up?"

"Um. I'm… actually going to be busy, so you'll have to handle this on your own. Sorry."

"You're not in trouble are you?" He asked suspiciously. She was never one to enjoy sudden changes in the plan, so he couldn't see her sounding this neutral about it.

"I wouldn't put it that way. I'm fine."

Save him from sulky Annoying Blondes. It's always 'I'm fine' and 'don't bother me' as if that would magically dispel his worries.

The steps to his immediate future lined up in order. Defuse Bakuda. Avoid death by explosion. Defuse Tattletale. Avoid social death by humiliation. Celebrate.

"Okay. If you need me, just shout."

"Uh huh, I will. Good luck, Jaune." And with that, Tattletale hung up on him, the call cutting off as she started to address Escha.

He disengaged from Lung and made his way up the road. That signaled for the villains and heroes to begin moving, and they surged forward while granting their counterpart a wide berth. The two sides threw constant glances at each other, alert for signs of any tricks. One by one, they passed by him and took up positions at ranges that suit their powers to establish a loose formation.

"COWARD!" Lung's guttural roar followed his departure, soon drowned out by Miss Militia opening fire and the buzzing of a million insects. Jaune flipped the bird at him over a shoulder as a parting shot. Anybody with eyes would see that he had won this bout. No coward, was Jaune Arc.

Passing by Sundancer, who he was glad would be staying far at the back, he gave her a nod. She shyly waved her hand in kind to send his mood soaring. Who would have guessed that the key to a good impression was to show off the dragon you skinned and wore as clothes?

A couple of steps later, he experienced a most familiar sensation of heat at his back, and the light of the daytime sun illuminating the dark. It rather left him with a lingering feeling that he was going the wrong way.

Armsmaster was waiting for him by the PRT transport. After giving the driver an address, Jaune hopped onto the truck in a practiced motion alongside the man. They hung on as the truck turned down a side street. With a final glimpse of Lung, covered in bees and raging against a burning star, they set off deeper into the neighborhood.

After a few minutes of comfortable silence, Armsmaster spoke up.

"That was… impressive," he said. "You show a formidable level of combat experience for your age. Where did you learn that?"

"Here, there, everywhere." He shrugged and made a vague hand gesture, indicating the world in general. "I travel a lot."

"What alloy did you incorporate within your armor? Was the manufacturing someone else's work? The heat-resistant properties it exhibited would suggest the use of tinkertech materials. I'm interested in sourcing some for my own equipment."

The conversation remained on that topic for the whole length of the journey, a mind-numbing interrogation in which Armsmaster grilled him for inane technical details that he wasn't inclined to reveal even if he knew the answers.

Jaune might have been more cooperative had the man not sneered at the gunlance, calling it quaint while comparing it to his high-tech halberd. As it was, he breathed a sigh of relief upon receiving an alert from the driver that they were approaching Bakuda's hideout. One could only withstand so much subtle boasting of 'streamlined' Tinkering processes and 'efficient' tradeoffs, the latter very often boiling down to a disdain of aesthetics deemed superfluous. Armsmaster had something to prove, and he did it by putting down other people's craft.

As a precaution, the truck dropped them off at the point where residential homes butted against the sea of warehouses populating the eastern side of the neighborhood, a few blocks from their target. A quick trip through an alley, and the two of them were peeking around the corner, observing the path forward.

News of ongoing events must have reached Bakuda, because she had forsaken stealth for safety, gathering a veritable army to guard what could only be her hideout. It practically lit a beacon for those looking for her. The nondescript warehouse would have passed under the radar otherwise, identical to the ones surrounding it down to the graffitied exterior and general atmosphere of abandonment.

"What's the plan, then?" Jaune asked. "Frontal charge, push our way in?"

"If that was my intention, I would have brought my colleagues. No. Bakuda can detonate the bombs implanted in her victims, and I do not put it past her to use all of them in a desperate attack if she believes we might pose a threat to her." Armsmaster pointed at the top of the warehouse. "Can you get up there with your flight unit?"

Flight unit. How needlessly technical. Why not call a pair of rocket boots, a pair of rocket boots.

"Sure, I can do that. You want to go in through the roof?"

"You are going in through the roof, and will locate this bomb you've told us about. I'll draw Bakuda outside in the meantime to allow you an opening to neutralize it."

A simple plan. Too simple, perhaps. The crux of it depended on Bakuda deciding that she'd leave a fortified position to face a veteran superhero out in the open. What a laughable notion that told him Armsmaster didn't really understand basic tactics.

Five minutes later, squatting on a warehouse roof, Jaune facepalmed as he revised his opinion. Below, Bakuda, a woman donning grimy jeans and t-shirt with a gas mask her sole nod to a cape costume, stood at the entrance of the building and ranted insults into a megaphone at Armsmaster. Said man held a megaphone of his own that he had previously stowed inside a tiny compartment on his armor, and as he kept the crowd of ABB conscripts at bay, he hurled a slew of insults right back at Bakuda.

Well, 'insults'. They probably sounded far more devastating to a Tinker, but to Jaune, it resembled a scene of a teacher marking a student's papers—calling out a corner taken here, a better solution there, that kind of nitpicky stuff. The nastiest Armsmaster got was when he inquired about her IQ, intimating that it measured a few points lower than the number she proudly yelled out. Bakuda had gone ballistic upon hearing that bit. (Might have been crying, too.)

All told, the ploy was working like a charm. Somehow.

Then, Bakuda brought out her grenade launcher, and all hell broke loose.

As the building shook and smoke rose to the sky, Jaune followed along the ridge of the curved metal roof, on the lookout for a way in. His first instinct was one of the skylight windows dotting the area. Getting near the closest window dissuaded him of that possibility—the wires and blinking lights boded ill. He should have seen that coming. In a world of superheroes, blocking every entry point no matter their elevation was simply good sense.

That said, he had to raise a weakness in that assumption: in a world of superheroes, why assume people will use doors?

The gunlance slammed against the metal roof, blowing a hole in the aluminum sheet through the force of the blow. The blank stretch of the ceiling had no footholds or ladders with which one could climb, no spot for a bomb Tinker to stand as she set a trap.

No place to keep a person from falling to their death, either, unless they had a means of flight.

Before he dropped through the hole, he peered inside to search for his objective. The place was a mess, filled with all manners of bits and bobs. Piles of scraps laid beside tables and benches, atop which Bakuda had spread her unfinished projects, dozens in total. One corner appeared to have seen use as a testing range/torture chamber. Another corner, a surgeon table/torture chamber. That spot near the back, a makeshift bedroom/torture—

Basically, Bakuda was nuts.

On the second level of the warehouse, a bulky, beeping device sat pride of place surrounded by tools and notes. The plate of food placed on the table beside it, partially eaten, hinted that Bakuda had been spending time there prior to all the commotion.

He snapped a picture of the device with his phone, sending it to Tattletale along with a text.

Jaune: Is this it​

Annoying Blonde N.8: Could you maybe step away from the edge?

Jaune: I did. Is that the bomb​

Annoying Blonde N.8: Did you really? Send a pic.

Jaune rolled his eyes and took a step back, then snapped a second photo to send over.

Jaune: There now can you please just tell me​

Annoying Blonde N.8: Yeah. Matches the one they show on the news in my world.

Tucking the phone away, he hopped forward to drop inside the building. After a short free fall, he rocket-stepped to slow his descent, traversing the warehouse without touching the floor because a person would have to have a screw loose to booby-trap the place they're living in.

Hovering above an empty spot of floor, he threw out a shadowy hand as a test, only landing after a smack against it didn't result in an explosion. A turn on his heels, and there his goal laid.

For a device capable of wiping out every piece of electronics in a few hundred miles, the EMP bomb was tiny. A waist-high cylinder that, to him, looked a bit ramshackled due to its haphazard construction comprising whatever material was available. Walking over, he rested a hand on its side, and willed it to enter his Pocket.

Nothing happened.

Jaune sighed, and summoned his gunlance to the other hand. That still wasn't enough, so assorted tools and knickknacks began to spill out at his feet. He bumped his hip against the nearby table, and bombs rolled onto the surface. The 7-second bomb became a 5-second bomb before he managed to grab it again. A couple of healing potions replaced it.

He let out a loud cheer as the EMP bomb was finally whisked into his Pocket, and pumped his fist in victory. The world (technically the local area, but the world sounded more impressive) had been saved and it was thanks to him!

…He then spent the next ten minutes scrounging up a sack to shove all his stuff in, because he worked hard to hoard them and wasn't about to let that go to waste.

With the heavy gunlance on his shoulder, a trip back up through the hole in the roof seemed a little iffy. He wasn't that great at controlling the thing yet to deal with the increased weight and balance issues.

The front entrance was open, though, and Bakuda left through it without blowing up. It's likely safe as an exit.

Going across was a lot easier than going up. He blasted through the doors to the outside, sliding to a stop at the same spot the bomb Tinker stood earlier.

The battle appeared to be over, judging by the absence of further explosions, though the whole area was undergoing various states of catastrophe. On fire, frozen, melted, and a host of other effects. He winced upon catching sight of a leg fused into a warehouse wall, still twitching. A pile of ashes that reminded him of Oni Lee's power denoted a few more victims of Bakuda's careless aiming.

The majority of the ABB conscripts survived, so there's at least a silver lining. They cowered on the periphery, torn between fleeing and breaking down to cry.

As for Bakuda, she laid at the feet of Armsmaster.

"Oh, wow, did we just win?" Jaune wondered aloud. He flicked his helmet visor up for a better look.

Bakuda faintly stirred. Armsmaster jabbed the butt of his halberd to her neck, deploying a sedative of some kind. She ceased moving.

Welp. That was confirmation enough for him.

"We won!" Throwing back his head, Jaune laughed. He strode over to Armsmaster, tucking the sack of his possessions under his arm and stretching out a hand for a high-five.

The butt of the halberd pointed in his direction, and a cloudy puff of something shot at him. He inhaled a whiff and immediately felt a spreading numbness.

A vial of Antidote materialized in his hand. He upended the entire dose down his throat.

Escha said it was effective for poison. This felt like poison. Ergo…

The numbness faded, and he whooped in joy before realizing that, oh, this wasn't the time to celebrate.

"Hey, what the hell!?"

"Bakuda has been subdued. Oni Lee is in custody. Lung has fled," the hero rattled out, and leveled the bladed end of his halberd at Jaune. "You are under arrest."

…

…

"Wait."

He held up a hand.

"Wait."

He pinched the bridge of his nose.

"Wait."

He pointed at Armsmaster, and asked one question.

"Are you turning on me?"


Author's Notes: ( ˶ °ㅁ°) ! !
Last edited: Sep 1, 2025
Stories:
QQ Sneaking His Way into the Multiverse , a RWBY Jaune, WC-lite mechanics story.
Other RWBY stories on AO3 or FF - Yakuza Arc | Conquered Menagerie: Annals of the Sixth Kingdom | Cat, Bunny, and the Good Ship Honey Starbright | The Agent
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, RSR2000, Amdiranifani and 798 others
LazyAutumnMoon
Jun 23, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 39: A Visitor's Guide to Brockton Bay - We Play Cops and Robbers After Dark (Pt. 1)
View content
LazyAutumnMoon
LazyAutumnMoon
We all need Sundancer in our life.
JoinedJun 7, 2024
Messages289
Likes received68,284
Jun 28, 2025
Add bookmark
#2,126
Chapter 39: A Visitor's Guide to Brockton Bay - We Play Cops and Robbers After Dark (Pt. 1)​


The question was somewhat meant to be rhetorical.

Are you turning on me? How dare you! Raaah!

That sort of thing.

Armsmaster saw it as his own chance to attack, charging in with his halberd at the ready.

Which, Jaune supposed, rather answered the question. Any hesitation he had melted away, and he slammed his helmet visor shut. With a roar of effort, he swung the gunlance over his head.

In another life, Armsmaster would face Leviathan, and for a decent length of time matched the beast blow for blow. A normal human, augmented by the technology he built, had become superhuman. He jumped higher, punched harder, fought longer than any normal man could. Above everything else, his ingenuity shone through in the myriad tools he brought to hand, hidden within his halberd.

All that to say, if someone wanted to hit him, then they had better hit him hard.

Red Rook shattered the pavement, missing Armsmaster by the narrowest of margins. The man tried to seize the opening, but with a pivot and another roar, Jaune brought the gunlance back up on a course for the hero traitor.

Armsmaster angled his halberd to redirect the force of the lance, letting it pass by. With a twirl, the butt of the weapon struck Jaune under the chin, snapping his head back.

Recalling a certain mimic and its enviable acrobatics, Jaune activated his rockets to ride the momentum, kicking up to catch Armsmaster on the chest, scorching a line on the armor. He let go of the gunlance, and summoned Crocea Mors to hand, chopping down as he dropped back to the ground.

Armsmaster braced to deflect again. This time, Jaune was ready and his sword sliced through the metal shaft with the barest whisper of a sound, forcing Armsmaster to quickly backpedal before his head got split in half. A low, mechanical whine accompanied his steps, motors and gears boosting the strength of each leap to carry him out of range.

Having bought himself a reprieve, the man slammed the two broken ends of the halberd together, and twisted. Tiny hooks sprang out of the smooth metal to reconnect the parts, with some kind of adhesive spilling into the gap before hardening to a metal-like consistency. In seconds, the weapon became whole again.

Jaune, meanwhile, used the moment to stow Crocea Mors and retrieve Red Rook, then unlatched a clasp to open the gun chamber. A wave of his hand over the empty slots filled them with new shells. A flick of his wrist snapped the gunlance back into place.

Both fighters set into their stances, the tip of their weapons pointed at each other. In the periphery of their battle, the remnants of the ABB—press-ganged or otherwise—were scrambling to vacate the area.

His phone rang. Jaune couldn't spare the attention to answer the call.

"Why'd you do it?" he asked, glaring. "We won. Why ruin a good thing?"

For a while, the man said nothing. The silence dragged on until Jaune was about to give up on waiting, before Armsmaster spoke.

"For years, Brockton Bay hung in a delicate balance." The man paused, finding his words. "The ABB, the E88, Coil. My team could defeat any one gang. It would exhaust us, sap our numbers, occupy our full attention, but we could do it… were it not for the simple fact that the others would pounce upon the chance to tear us to pieces."

Jaune cocked his head. "What's that have to do with—no, no, I'm game. Why didn't you call reinforcements? Someone told me that you guys are the biggest parahuman organization in the world."

He seemed to have struck a sore point, because Armsmaster growled under his breath.

"Do you think my branch hasn't requested help?" the man snapped. "What we're given is never enough! Each move we make, we lose more resources, more people. Any reinforcements we receive, we spend shoring up our defenses to keep the parahuman gangs from gaining sway over another neighborhood. Most nights, a single crime we intercept means two more where the villains escape without consequences. That is the state of Brockton Bay."

Armsmaster shifted his weight, and Jaune moved the gunlance to keep covering him, finger on the trigger to blast a shell at the first sign of aggression.

"But, finally, I have a chance to turn it around and retake the whole city!"

Bang!

A nozzle extruded from the halberd, and spat a glob of acid that splashed against the gunlance shell Jaune fired. It didn't stop the projectile, instead eating through enough of the casing to destabilize its course, sending the round careening past Armsmaster to explode on a brick wall. An instant later, Jaune was in range, leading with the tip of his lance.

Armsmaster ducked low to sweep out Jaune's leg. Uncaring, Jaune stomped down on the foot with his full strength, only to slip as it failed to pin Armsmaster down.

The armor was the key to that. He would estimate the man compared on par with a Huntsman in physical prowess right now, mimicking the enhancements of Aura with whatever tech was hiding beneath the armor panels.

As he landed on his side, a boot met his helm to disorient him. A hand clamped over his own, and attempted to pry the gunlance from his grasp.

A canister appeared in Jaune's free hand. He tossed it up. "Bomb. Think fast."

Armsmaster reared back, letting go of him. The man realized his mistake as the canister spewed out a dark cloud, blinding yet harmless. Rather than any sort of tinkertech, it had been a regular smoke grenade acquired in Academy City.

Jaune escaped to the other side of the smoke, and called out, "Alright, I kind of get your frustrations. Hard not to after seeing what Bakuda's done. Still, you haven't really answered my question. Why did you stab me in the back, traitor? I gave you a solution to defeat the ABB, and passed the names of the E88 capes to you guys. I fought alongside you this entire way. I was on your side!"

"Out of the goodness of your heart?" Armsmaster said, and Jaune could just imagine the man sneering from somewhere beyond the cloud. "No. You are doing this because of what you stand to gain. Territory, influence, businesses that you can extort, people that you can rob or push your drugs on to… it's always the same old pattern." Heavy footfalls warned of his coming arrival. "But this time your greed would bring about your very demise. The ABB is defunct after tonight. The E88 will follow them soon. What a victory it'd be, if I get the rest of you villains."

The rest.

Bright hot anger turned cold.

"It's not just me you're trying to arrest," he stated rather than asked. His thoughts ran a mile a minute.

Tattletale had said that the heroes sent against Lung were a bad matchup for him. But what if they had a different opponent in mind?

Miss Militia possessed an arsenal of firearms at her fingertips, yet she used rubber bullets for them; great for ramping up Lung, devastating to squishier capes. Triumph had a shout that won't do much to a dragon, but could subdue many baseline humans at once. Velocity, with the speed to reach capes stationed at the backline like Skitter and Sundancer before they could run. Flashbang formed and threw concussive blasts, again a problem for those that cannot heal from a hard blow. Manpower… there's strength in strength, simple as that.

They had been getting ready to fight everybody except Lung.

Armsmaster strode through the smoke, and he had never looked so proud.

"Once it's over, thirty seven villains will be behind bars because of my team."

Let's see. ABB's got three. E88 has fifteen. Undersiders, Faultline's group, Merchants, Travelers...

They wouldn't know about a second Tattletale, so that number included him and Escha. Even a cat wasn't spared the name of villain.

"I can't help but feel you're labeling a lot of people as hostile when you don't have to. Of course, that's a moot point."

Because Jaune can definitely be considered an enemy now.

Pushing against the ground, he shot forward. The rockets compensated for the weight of the gunlance, letting him close the distance in a blink.

Two wires darted for him, blocked by his shield. Electricity arced along the length of the wires, the resulting shock sending a tingle up his arm until he threw the shield in his Pocket and slammed Red Rook down on Armsmaster, the man crossing his arms to catch the lance on his gauntlets.

Surprisingly, Armsmaster managed it despite his knees almost buckling—the revving motors inside his armor had gone from a soft whine to a shriek at the moment of impact. A deft twist angled the head of his halberd at Jaune's face, the blade replaced by a nozzle. More of that knockout dust blew out, forcing him to disengage before he breathed it in.

Skipping back outside range, he swung the gunlance barrel at Armsmaster, the threat of an imminent shelling round turning the man's pursuit into an evasive flip.

It had been a bluff. He wouldn't have fired, as the open doors of Bakuda's workshop was behind Armsmaster, and he'd prefer to not find out what a gunlance shell combined with a bomb warehouse resulted in.

Slowly, he started to circle Armsmaster, repositioning to a better spot. The man shifted his stance to face him, weaving his body to stay out of the direct path of the gun barrel. Neither rushed in.

The situation reminded Jaune of bygone days, sparring in a ring. In the past month, he had fought mortal men and invincible espers, along with beasts of all stripes. Yet, rarely did he meet this, a person he could overcome that might defeat him in turn. A battle of skill and weaponry where it could go either way.

Which sucked, because he really, really wanted to skip to the part where he beat Armsmaster to a pulp for his crimes, past and present.

"The Merchants, I get," he spat. "The Undersiders are small-time thieves, though. Faultline's a mercenary that you can buy off. The Travelers, I don't know much about, but at least one of their members would give up the life of a villain in a heartbeat. None of them have intentions to wreck the city or murder its people. They're—"

"What, harmless?" Armsmaster finished for him, and gave a derisive snort.

"Aren't they? Compared to what else is out there?"

Armsmaster quietly regarded him for a short time.

"You're serious, aren't you?" he said. With an intrigued hum, he began twirling his halberd, making gentle revolutions. "Then again, you have been in contact with Tattletale, a Thinker. She could well have poisoned your mind. They do that, you know."

"She spends most of her time being an annoying brat. I assure you, that isn't a superpower. Do you not have sisters?"

"She performs actions that remind you of your family? And you see nothing unnatural there?"

Jaune shrugged behind his shield. "Weird way to put it, but that's just how she is." He couldn't imagine her behaving otherwise, and didn't care to; life would become far too peaceful. "You'd know this if you ever bothered to give her a chance, but I guess it's beyond someone as heartless as you."

The blade of the halberd kept passing within a hair of the ground, never quite touching.

"In my experience, villainy is insidious," said Armsmaster. "It likes to cover itself in a romantic veneer, always ready with a sob story or a supposed code, some reason for why we should treat it with a softer touch than the 'true monsters.' It then digs its way in, little by little, until one day it becomes entrenched, at which point the pretense comes off and now we must expend unimaginable effort and sacrifice to drive it out." His voice hardened. "Well, not again. Not today."

Jaune found his eyes blurring out of focus, and noticed too late that he had been following the halberd as it spun around and around, picking up speed.

A metal ball on a chain cracked against the side of his head, throwing wide his aim with the gunlance. Armsmaster closed the gap in quick strides, eager to press the opportunity.

Shadows clamped onto the man's visor. A swing of the halberd—now back to bladed form—dispersed the ghostly arm. Armsmaster cursed as his vision returned to the sight of red scales. The gunlance knocked him off his feet.

Armsmaster hit the ground, rolled. He came up swinging his halberd to clear some room, expecting Jaune to have followed. He had been correct.

The weapon passed just under Jaune, whose knee met the one unarmored part of Armsmaster, his lower face, smashing against his chin to snap his head back. Two rows of teeth slammed together, cracking with the force.

Pushing through the pain, Armsmaster rolled with the impact. The taser wires shot out again as they had proven effective the first time, a deterrent for Jaune should he think of chasing, or a reversal had he actually been dumb enough to try.

Rather than striking their target, the wires landed on a bulky device of haphazard make that wasn't there before, and Jaune would have believed it if Armsmaster's heart stopped for a moment.

Its purpose served, the EMP bomb vanished as the gunlance crashed down on the distracted Armsmaster, driving him into the ground. His grip loosened on the halberd, and Jaune kicked it out of range before taking a half-step forward, pressing the gunlance barrel down to hear a click.

He flicked a catch, and the gun barrel shifted in response, panels sliding aside. He then drew hard on the trigger to release the remaining rounds in the chamber all at once.

Boomboomboomboom!

The gunlance's fullburst barrage caught Armsmaster with nowhere to run and nowhere to hide. His armor had to bear the full brunt of a point-blank explosion that would have gotten Jaune an approving nod from Bakuda. The rebound force threw the gunlance behind Jaune, dragging him along for a full body's length, his boots scraping two lines on the asphalt. A tremor originating from the lance shook his entire arm.

He'd take that minor discomfort any day just for the sight in front of him.

Ahead, Armsmaster laid flat on his back, twitching. The suit of armor bore a new color to go with blue and silver, a scorched black. Internal parts peeked through the broken outer shell, shooting off sparks.

His helmet had closed up, likely after Jaune wrecked those damnable perfect teeth. As he watched on, the mouth section slid apart again to let Armsmaster spit a glob of bloody vomit to the side, afterward gasping for breath.

Jaune studied him in anticipation of a trick, but he relaxed as Armsmaster tried to move his arms and merely managed with great effort to somewhat lift them before the weight proved too much to bear. Swinging the gunlance to cradle it on his shoulder, he strode over to his defeated foe.

"My win, I think," he said, drawing a grimace from Armsmaster.

"K-Knew that fucking thing had m-more tricks. Knew you were d-dangerous. Fucking dumb k-kid running"—the man groaned—"running around treating t-tinkertech like they're toys. You don't deserve it," he spat, his voice finally steadying.

Jaune squatted down next to the man. A snap of his fingers and a stimpak appeared between them, held between the index finger and thumb.

"Talk like that and I'd just leave you in this state."

He stabbed the needle into the exposed cheek, and administered a portion of the healing concoction. Not all, as he didn't trust Armsmaster to stay peaceful. (It's why his foot was grinding down on the man's dominant hand.)

"Illegal testing of unauthorized tinkertech…"

Jaune paused, and shot Armsmaster an odd look. Realization soon dawned on his face.

"Seriously?" he deadpanned. "I'm a criminal for taking pity on you? If this is your definition of villainy, then I kind of get why everybody's on that list."

Armsmaster did his best approximation of a sneer, blood staining his teeth red. "You had your chance. Dauntless thought you were just reckless and misguided. That you could be taught. Fool. You fight like an animal, brutalizing the weak…killing them. Your actions speak louder than words, murderer."

"Oh, no, no, you don't get to say that." Jaune waggled his finger in reproach. "I grabbed their attention. Took on all the risks. I cleared the way for you, and you waited until after I was done to call me out. You know, once you've reaped the benefits of it."

"Excuses. You lay the blame at the feet of everyone but yourself—"

Jaune shot back, "Who did I kill? Someone press-ganged into the ABB?"

He waited for an answer. The hesitation gave it away.

"...Yes."

"Liar."

Getting up, he looked around. The place was deserted by now, with Bakuda the sole other person in sight, still out of it. The PRT was sure to move in once they thought it's safe to do so, in order to secure the scene. They could handle her arrest.

He nudged the suit of armor with one foot, and withdrew it as more sparks flew. Armsmaster should have been blown to smithereens by the fullburst, testifying to the superb defensive properties of the suit. The whole thing was useless now, its value barely worth mentioning. Such a shame.

There hadn't been a method to strip it off Armsmaster during the fight, though. Not like the halberd that he kicked out of reach.

Which he had now retrieved. And was his.

Checking it over from end to end, the weapon seemed in good shape. The panel of buttons near the grip lacked markings to tell him their functions, and an experimental press ended with him pressing them all to try and change it back to the basic halberd form. He tested the heft, and swung it a couple of times to see how well a fit it was for him.

Not very. He decided then and there that the halberd was destined to be sold. Hawking the prized, state-of-the-art possession of his enemy on the market like a fresh-picked vegetable sounded like a wonderful idea.

"I'm keeping this," he said as he walked back to Armsmaster, detouring to grab the sack filled with his stuff.

The man did not look happy about that, but couldn't do anything but breathe out a sigh. "Do you think that'd hurt me? Go ahead. It doesn't matter. After tonight, I'll have the budget to craft ten more. One of you rats getting away is nothing. This day is still a resounding victory."

Jaune stared at him for a long time, mulling over those words. They bothered him something fierce. Not the idea that Armsmaster was declaring it his win, though that rankled, too.

"Hey, quick question."

Armsmaster stirred, but stayed silent.

"If you, oh, I don't know, defeated an Endbringer, what would your budget look like?" Jaune watched Armsmaster as he spoke, noting how the man stiffened up at the mention of an Endbringer. "By any chance, is it high enough that you'd kill people on your side for the opportunity?"

The man scoffed. "I never would."

Jaune looked down at himself, then at Armsmaster. He cocked an eyebrow.

"You would have had your day in court," Armsmaster said, pausing to take a breath. Just talking was tiring him. "Even a chance to turn your life around, away from the scum you associate with. I'm not a murderer."

"...I don't believe you."

First-hand eyewitness speaking, slightly scarred for life in the aftermath. He knew what he was talking about.

"But then," he added, squatting down next to Armsmaster again, "it's possible you really won't do that this time around." He set the halberd and sack aside. "Not because I trust your strength of character or whatever. It'll just be very, very difficult for you, is all."

With one hand free to work, he proceeded to administer the rest of the stimpak. Once done, it was discarded, dropped atop Armsmaster as a bit of color returned to the man. Besides all the red, he meant.

Jaune then summoned a small object.

If one were to describe the object, they might say it was a cylinder colored yellow with an empty light at the end and buttons along one side.

It sort of looked like a bomb.

"You know, I couldn't quite believe it when this ended up in my Pocket. Goes to show that I should perform battlefield requisitions whenever I can. It's apt, don't 'you' think?"

Armsmaster's mouth fell open.

"You wouldn't. There are rules!"

"Pret-ty sure we broke most of them between the two of us."

Jaune placed the bomb beside the recovering man, inches from his grasp. A moment of further thought, and he stabbed another stimpak into Armsmaster, leaving the syringe sticking out of him. Maybe it'd make the difference, a courtesy never given to Sundancer.

The buttons were numbered. 1, 5, 10. Seconds, he presumed, and he pressed the last option. The bomb started beeping. The light lit up, blinking.

Jaune began backing away, picking up his stuff in the process.

"Put in this situation, I can kind of understand Corvo a little better now," he admitted. "If I had to guess, he let them live and didn't care if they died, while they wished he had killed them. It's not a kind thing, but there's a… a fairness to it, if that makes sense. Anyway, bright side? You might survive." His eyes darted to the side, a tell for one of his lies. "Might. I still get nightmares about her."

Armsmaster tried to move. The suit refused to budge.

Gunlance on a shoulder, Jaune spun around and booked it.

Behind him, the timer hit zero.


-o-​


His phone rang and rang. This time around, it was the other side refusing to answer. Given little to go on, Jaune made for the only spot he could expect to find the heroes and villains, the place where he fought Lung.

He didn't have much of a plan, more of a goal. The Protectorate sought to put three dozen people in custody. He, however, thought that the number needed some trimming.

The villains stepped forward to stand upon the line when this city called on them, and the reward for their deed was a jail cell? No, that didn't sound fair at all, and he rejected the notion of being yet another person to turn his back on those guys tonight.

He covered most of the distance through a series of long glides, the gunlance tip sometimes scraping the road below. Any higher risked a bad fall with what he was carrying, and though he had the presence of mind to swap the bombs in the sack with other items in his Pocket, that still meant healing potions and various useful things breaking should the boots overheat and he drops out of the sky.

The rockets did, eventually, shut off to leave him traveling along the ground. Weighed down by his armor and weapons, his pace slowed down to a jog, and he ran somewhat blindly through the unfamiliar streets. It didn't matter too much, as a glimpse of glowing figures zipping around high above the buildings provided a good indication of his heading.

He ducked into an alley, and a ways down found himself experiencing the strangest sense of deja vu. Up ahead in the gloom, there grew a great din of overlapping shouts, the clashing of steel, explosions, and other tell-tale signs of conflict. He hurried his pace, soon bursting out of the alley with his weapons drawn.

There were no Endbringers on this occasion, but the number of capes present, locked in battle, reminded him quite vividly of that time. They—

Wait a damn minute.

What was the E88 doing here?

Pandemonium reigned amidst the three-way battle, as everybody fought everybody. Lady Photon and Purity, the latter shining bright as a star, shot laser blasts at each other high above the street, while Dauntless maneuvered to try and hit Purity with his glowing lance. One of Coil's mercenaries was engaged in a sniper duel with an unseen person on the rooftops. Below them, the duo of Assault and Battery contended against Krieg, who in turn was trying to get in range of Faultline to strike her down, who in turn cut into the asphalt, walls, and street lights with a mere touch, causing the terrain to trip up or topple onto the Protectorate heroes. Oddly, the woman never used her power on her opponents, fending them off through indirect means whenever she could and employing martial arts when it came to close quarters. She was holding her own but her focus seemed elsewhere, and it's no mystery why.

Labyrinth hunched against a storefront with Spitfire standing in front of her teammate, spraying down lines of lava-like substances on the road to keep Clockblocker at bay. Geometric crystals sprout around them to block the electrical zaps Kid Win fired from atop his hoverboard. Nearby, a teenage hero whose name Jaune had forgotten struck a knockout blow to a strange man, one completely white from head to toe, only for the man to flicker and appear upright in his previous spot, none the worse for wear.

A fog rolled across the ground, the sound of claws scrabbling within, advancing on a PRT truck and the troopers there. Shadow Stalker knelt atop the vehicle, firing bolts into the cloud in the hope of hitting whatever was lurking inside.

And far, far down the street, the Merchants were running away, leaving their allies behind to save their own hide.

Jaune narrowed his eyes at that. This wasn't the time, but he'd remember it. For the time being, his first order of business was to punch Clockblocker help Spitfire and Labyrinth.

"The fuck is that samurai armor? When did the ABB get another cape?"

Jaune turned towards the speaker, meeting the eyes of a shirtless man wearing a steel tiger mask, an appearance that reminded him of that Hookwolf from the meeting at Somer's Rock.

That was the furthest he got before the air exploded in front of him, throwing him back into the alley.

Screeching to a halt a few yards in, he moved the person firmly into the 'Enemy' column. The halberd and sack were placed to the side, and he drew his shield, advancing again. Another blast occurred, weaker than the first, and ensconced behind his defenses Jaune saw that it was just plain air doing this, shimmering claws forming around the cape's fists before he threw them with a swing of his arm. The blades of wind whistled as they crossed the intervening space, exploding on impact.

It made for slow going, each blast stopping Jaune in his tracks. The cape used a tactic of aiming at different angles—the head here, the leg there—to buffet him from one side of the alley to the other, shaking him to the point of nausea.

Unwilling to keep playing that game, Jaune swung his gunlance forward, finger on the trigger.

He didn't get the chance to fire. A ball of purple energy slapped the cape in the face, and for reasons unknown the man immediately doubled over in laughter. A person crashed into him a moment later, knocking him off his feet. A brief scuffle ensued that ended with the disoriented E88 cape in handcuffs and a suit of high-tech silver armor standing in front of the alley.

Jaune stared at the scene for a bit, then shrugged and shifted his gunlance to the newcomer.

"Whoa! Whoa!" cried the armored cape, Gallant, as he waved his arms in a panic. "No need for that, I don't mean you any harm!"

Carefully, and with great suspicion, Jaune lowered his weapon. Gallant heaved a sigh of relief.

"You're HuntsMan, right? Jaune Arc? I was hoping to run into you. Clock mentioned that you switched to wearing red medieval armor when you fought Lung."

The helm vanished into the little space left in his Pocket, showing his face. "Yeah, you found me. Why did you help me out, anyway?"

"Uh, well." Gallant seemed to not know what to do with his hands, fidgeting about. The boyish uncertainty contrasted his knightly appearance; it rather lent him an air of honesty. Finally, he mumbled, "You're a relative of Glory Girl…"

Jaune resisted the urge to facepalm.

"I'm not—nevermind. What's your point?"

"I didn't want my girlfriend to hear that a family member died because of the E88, it'd devastate her."

He cocked his head to the side, brows furrowed as he parsed that statement. "Sooo, you helped me because you don't want her to be sad? That's your reason?"

Gallant nodded.

Huh. Should have expected that of the guy who chose the old-fashioned donut (simple tastes, let's others pick first, sometimes exactly what it said on the tin).

Jaune adopted a less aggressive stance. "Alright, how do you want to proceed? Telling you now, I'm not surrendering. You guys screwed us over."

"I-I know, and I'm not here to fight you," said Gallant. One of Purity's lasers shot out the street light above him, and the boy ducked his head, speaking quickly, "Look, I don't agree with what's going on, either. Things have gotten a little too crazy with the E88 showing up, and at this rate I'm worried a lot of people will end up dead, yours and mine."

Jaune hummed in thought, finding himself concurring with the assessment. Whatever hope the Protectorate had of an easy victory went out the window with a third faction added to the mix. The chaos around them was intensifying over time, capes like Spitfire and Purity growing desperate to stave off their opponents. It'd take only a single move to start the dominoes, with people dropping like flies.

The presence of the E88 also begged the question of why they've come. They're a hostile force to the other villains, that was plain to see with Krieg's attacks on Faultline.

"What are you suggesting, then?" he asked.

"A truce," Gallant offered, and his breath hitched as the gunlance rose a touch higher. "I understand you don't trust me since the Protectorate was the one to break the last deal, but I'm serious. A truce, so that we can de-escalate and pull back our forces."

It sounded nice. Problem was, he didn't believe Gallant had the authority to make that stick, and he said so.

Today he learned it was possible for a faceless suit of armor to express sadness. Sighing, he racked his brain for a solution. It…wasn't impossible.

"We can't rely on your superiors," he warned. As far as he knew, they were all complicit in the decision to turn on the villains. Also, one of them might be dead, but let's not mention that. "I need to get my people out, and they probably want nothing more than to bail, too. Since your Protectorate isn't letting it happen, we'll have to stage an escape for them." Jaune glared at the other boy. "We," he stressed the word.

Gallant gulped, but nodded. "Most of them would be a few blocks over by now. My group was supposed to take down the villains that didn't go fight Lung—"

"Where's Tattletale?" Jaune cut in. "And did you see a cat?"

"I, uh, I might have? Sorry, it all became a little muddled once the Empire arrived. They hadn't expected to see us, but then Hookwolf tried to attack Assault and it snowballed from there. During that, I overheard somebody shouting to the other villains to head for their teammates. It was Tattletale, I think…one of them, at least." That last part was spoken with a measure of confusion and, perhaps, fear.

"To mount a rescue, I'll bet," Jaune said, and despite the grim situation, he couldn't help a smile. She had read his mind.

Well, that, or she was banking on causing a huge commotion that'd keep everybody busy while she slipped away with Escha.

…Yeah, that seemed more likely.

"She broke through our encirclement along with the Undersiders and Coil's guys," Gallant confirmed. "A bunch of the nazis chased after them. I got the impression that your…friend?... might be one of their targets."

Jaune swore under his breath. That explained the unanswered calls. She had her hands full.

"I don't know what happened to them," Gallant admitted.

"We'll get to that," Jaune said, hiding his worry. He pointed at the altercation between Spitfire, Labyrinth, and the teenage heroes. "Right now, it's time to prove your conviction. Get your teammates to back off, or I'll do it."

He nudged his stuff deeper into the shadow of the alley with his foot for later retrieval, and broke into a run. Gallant rushed to follow, then overtook him in order to reach his friends before Jaune could make good on his warning.

"Clock, Kid! Stop!" Gallant chanced a glance behind him, getting another good, long look at the giant cannon on Jaune's shoulder. "Guys!" he cried, a little shrilly.

That drew their attention, and Clockblocker almost tripped over his feet on catching sight of who was next to his teammate. He scrambled to the side, away from both Jaune and Spitfire, his hands stretched out to freeze anybody that came near. Kid Win, the more trigger-happy of the two, fired a shot of his pistol at Jaune, the electrical zap smacked aside with a casual swipe of his shield.

Gallant jumped in front of Jaune to ward off a second attack.

"Stop! Stop! He's friendly!"

"No, he's not!" Clockblocker called over.

Spitfire looked from the Wards to Jaune, having no idea of what was happening. At her back, Labyrinth looked from the Wards to Jaune to a spot of empty air and now Jaune's extremely paranoid about the possibility of invisible people floating around them. For his peace of mind, he won't question it.

"He's willing to listen," Gallant amended. While keeping an eye on the various fights, alert for any stray shots heading their way, he explained, "HuntsMan is going to take charge of the unaffiliated villains and lead them in a retreat. We're letting him."

Kid Win balked, "What!?"

"Fuck that!" Clockblocker added.

If Gallant hadn't been sweating, he was now. "Please, guys, just listen to me. We need to focus on what matters. Vista and Aegis pursued the other group, where Hookwolf went. These guys aren't important. Our friends are."

Jaune nodded along, and gave Gallant a thumbs-up in support. That was a sentiment he could get behind.

He also shifted the gunlance to make a statement. Clockblocker and Kid Win got the message, falling quiet.

Unaware of the byplay, Gallant continued, "All they want is to go home."

"Oh god, please," Spitfire agreed, nodding rapidly.

"See? The E88 is so much higher of a priority, it's not even funny, and we're here fighting a battle we don't have to."

"But, Gallant, Armsmaster said—"

Gallant cut off Kid Win. "Armsmaster isn't here, and we can't contact him."

Guilty~

It's like they couldn't connect the fact that him being present meant he kicked the stuffing out of the older man, and left him for dead. That's some confidence they hold for their leader. Had they but asked… he would have lied through his teeth.

"And he was wrong, Kid. He assured us it won't end in another Boston Games." Gallant pointed at the ongoing melee. "Instead, we kicked it off early."

Kid Win grimaced, as did Clockblocker. Jaune had no clue what they're talking about, and so did the obvious thing, and acted like he completely understood the point.

"Armsmaster isn't here," Gallant repeated. He waved a hand at the older heroes, embroiled in combat. "Miss Militia, Dauntless, Velocity, Battery, Assault, Aegis, none of them are. That puts me in charge of the Wards, and I say we're needed elsewhere."

Jaune walked up next to him. "Your friend there could use your time-stopping power," he said to Clockblocker, indicating the scene further down the street where the nameless Ward was still beating up the pale man. "His opponent just won't go down."

"And Kid, I need you to support Shadow Stalker," Gallant added. "Think of a way to hurt Fog in that form."

"What will you be doing?" Kid Win asked.

"I'm accompanying HuntsMan to make sure he keeps to his word." Neither of his teammates looked happy at that prospect. "Trust me."

"...Fine." Kid Win was the first to give in, zooming away on his hoverboard.

Clockblocker took a slower path, maintaining a watch on them lest they ambush Gallant. Soon, though, he turned and raced for his other teammate.

Gallant released the breath he was holding. "Oh my god, I can't believe they listened."

Jaune patted him on the back. "Hey now, you did a good job. Real leader material, from what I saw." He turned to the two villains. "Spitfire, Labyrinth, are you good to make a run for it? This opening won't last. The other heroes will notice us standing around."

"We are," Spitfire said, helping Labyrinth get to her feet. "Which way? I'll signal Faultline."

He indicated an alley, one that should take their group in the direction of Tattletale and Escha, and they began moving. As they entered the alley mouth, Spitfire gave a piercing whistle and kept going without pause. A short moment later, a second whistle answered her.

"She heard," Spitfire explained.

Jaune had to admit he found their professionalism very impressive. His team didn't have signals, just a lot of shouting and him relying on Tattletale to understand what he was thinking. It's all rather haphazard, really.

A steady beeping emanated from Gallant's armor. He fiddled with the side of his helmet, and the beeping stopped. A call, Jaune realized. One that the other boy had ignored.

"I can't see your teammates being very happy with you tomorrow," he commented, and gave an amused huff. "And all this because of a girl."

"I'm thinking of asking her to marry me. Don't tell her that."

Spitfire awwwed, to Gallant's embarrassment. She and Labyrinth soon split off down a side alley, no doubt to rejoin Faultline. Hopefully, they'd stay in the fight, and not run out on them all.

Jaune and Gallant raced on into the night.

Author's Notes:
What did you learn, Jaune?
Jaune—That payback is great!
…Wrong lesson.

.

Coil planned to backstab Tattletale.
Tattletale anticipated it, backstabs him in kind.
The PRT backstabs the villains.
Jaune gets angry, backstabs the PRT.
The E88, having been snubbed, ganks the villains, runs into the PRT.
Tattletale—Just as I planned! *shifty eyes*

Tired. Editing this tomorrow.
Last edited: Sep 1, 2025
Stories:
QQ Sneaking His Way into the Multiverse , a RWBY Jaune, WC-lite mechanics story.
Other RWBY stories on AO3 or FF - Yakuza Arc | Conquered Menagerie: Annals of the Sixth Kingdom | Cat, Bunny, and the Good Ship Honey Starbright | The Agent
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, RSR2000, Amdiranifani and 813 others
LazyAutumnMoon
Jun 28, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 40: A Visitor's Guide to Brockton Bay - We Play Cops and Robbers After Dark (Pt. 2)
View content
LazyAutumnMoon
LazyAutumnMoon
We all need Sundancer in our life.
JoinedJun 7, 2024
Messages289
Likes received68,284
Jul 6, 2025
Add bookmark
#2,328
Chapter 40: A Visitor's Guide to Brockton Bay - We Play Cops and Robbers After Dark (Pt.2)​


Two clanking suits of armor journeyed through the alleyways and side streets of Brockton Bay. One called to mind a futuristic knight, the other red as the sky at sunrise. Their frantic dash had brought them about a block away from their destination.

The ground began rumbling beneath their feet, and they slowed their pace.

As Jaune peered into the dark alley ahead with great suspicion, shapes grew out of the gloom accompanied by monstrous growls and barks—and, curiously, human voices. The figures soon coalesced into a pack of massive beasts, all muscles and spikes to remind him of the Grimm. Sharp canines jutted from their jaws, and they appeared capable of eating him whole, measuring the size of cars.

Were these creatures hostile? They sure looked it, and Jaune braced his lance to stab the one in the front, stopping just short as he recognized the people sitting on its back.

Leaping aside, he pressed his back to the brick wall as the creatures, Bitch's dogs transformed through her power, thundered on by. Bitch glared at him, whereas Grue kept his steady gaze ahead. Regent was hanging onto the next dog, a fatter one that almost clipped Jaune in passing. Skitter rode the last mount, and she turned her head to look at him with those unnerving yellow eyes of hers.

Just behind Skitter sat Tattletale, and on instinct he opened his mouth to call to her, until the differences—the less healthy cast to her face, the weaker arms—leapt out to inform him this was the local version. The girl he knew yet did not know spared a look over her shoulder. Their eyes met, and she fluttered her fingers while showing him a vicious grin.

Then, the Undersiders were gone, through the alley and around the corner to leave him and Gallant in the dust.

"They…" He tried to find the right words, as the ones springing to his mind had to be wrong.

Gallant, with no such qualms, said it for him. "Are they running away? I guess once they rescued their teammates, they didn't see a reason to stick around."

"Can't be," Jaune replied, shaking his head in denial. "Maybe they managed to rescue everyone, and Tattletale sounded the retreat." Because the other possibility, that the Undersiders bailed on their allies like the Merchants did, was one he did not want to think about. He'd have to see this for himself. "Come on, let's hurry."

They resumed their previous brisk pace. At this distance, the two boys could catch snippets of the ongoing clash. It sounded downright nasty, full of shouts and screams. Taking a turn, Jaune sprinted the last stretch of the alley to arrive at the battle.

And if he thought the other place was chaotic… well, it didn't have two giant, well-endowed women in armor running around, he'd say that.

Of course, in terms of danger the pair ranked a fair bit lower than the giant metal wolf formed from an amalgamation of hooks and blades, currently running amok on the wide avenue with an oversized sword that it had gotten from somewhere—Kaiser can summon metal, couldn't he?—grasped in its maw. The blood splattering its body indicated that Hookwolf wasn't much concerned with holding back. The E88 had gone big, and they weren't going home.

Miss Militia led the offensive against Hookwolf, commanding Aegis and Vista along with a squad of PRT troopers, while Flashbang threw in his support. Together, they were barely containing the rampage, hampered further by the fields of sharpened blades that dotted the ground at their feet. Attempts to use containment foam led to Hookwolf casting off affected areas, growing new mass to replace them. Gaining his attention meant a desperate chase as allies poured down covering fire to allow his chosen target time to escape. Nobody was using rubber bullets anymore on him, though that changed little of the result.

Jaune tore his gaze from that scene, and began scanning the area, grimacing as he confirmed that, no, his allies hadn't won their freedom. There was Gregor spraying out glue-like fluids to slow down Manpower. Genesis clashing with Velocity. People switching places as Trickster, one eye blinded by a bleeding cut, kept ahead of capture. Ballistic going ballistic and shooting objects at the speed of bullets, sending entire cars crashing through second-floor windows. (Seriously, what the hell was he even doing?)

All of them occupied a place on his priority list, but none of them were the people he was looking for right now.

"Dammit, where's Tattletale? Where's Escha?"

A gauntleted hand grabbed his shoulder. Gallant pointed. "Is Escha the cat? I see it."

Indeed, it was her. Further down the street, where the PRT left their fleet of vehicles, the felyne fought alone against a dozen troopers trying to subdue her. Yowling her battle-meow, she swung her boomerang, knocking batons out of hands and cracking shins, darting between her opponents to avoid their retaliation.

One of them took her down with a tackle, and almost lost his grip as he found the cat far stronger than she appeared. His shout for help led to the others dogpiling Escha to keep her trapped.

Gallant said something. He didn't hear it, already off like a shot as [Third Arm] flung him across the ground. It compensated for the weapon weighing him down, letting him slip through the various battles without impediment. Most of the participants were too busy to notice him, anyhow, though he had to dodge a couple of errant shots that Laserdream fired off during her aerial battle with an E88 cape, at one point passing by Triumph and a woman with a cage over her face laying opposite each other, both out of the fight with their ears bleeding.

Approaching the PRT squad, he released the gunlance to leave his hands free as he crashed against the troopers at an angle that toppled the pile, throwing them into disarray. In the aftermath, he laid into them with his fists, men and women thrown every which way as he made short work of the group; the martial arts they learned weren't designed to match bones that refuse to break, and a strength beyond the human limits.

Escha, meanwhile, pulled free. She scrambled to her feet and looked up at him.

"Jaune! You're back!" she cried, beaming.

He stomped on the last trooper, the one that had tackled Escha, then knelt down to the felyne's level. "I am. Sorry that it took a while. Are you alright?"

She flexed her arms to show how hearty and hale she was, causing him to smile.

"Would you happen to know where Tattletale went?" he asked.

Escha gasped in sudden recollection, and darted around him towards the open rear of a PRT truck. Turning back, she beckoned for him to follow before clambering onto the vehicle.

"She's here! She's here!" her voice called from within.

Jaune entered the darkened interiors of the truck expecting to see cushy seats and racks of equipment to match the vehicle he traveled around on earlier. Instead, he found a space built so barren that it was little more than a box with two benches. The purpose of this design became apparent to him as he looked at the occupants. The PRT vehicle, despite sharing a similar exterior to its brethren, served to transport prisoners like the two blondes laying on the floor before him, squirming in their restraints.

His head tilted to the side.

"Huh."

Tattletale, who wore a gag in addition to other bindings, began to make growling noises at him, signaling to Jaune that he should probably get a move on before she loses her patience (or catch an inkling of what he was thinking). Kneeling down by her side, he checked over the cuffs securing her wrists and ankles.

"Daaamn, they mean business," he remarked. "What even are these?"

"I-I think they're meant for Brutes, because she snapped the normal pair they put on her," Sundancer helpfully piped up from her spot. Unlike the blocks of steel strapped to Tattletale, the cuffs on her were of a lighter construction, albeit attached to a bar on the bench to limit her mobility. Also, no gag, presumably because she's polite.

"Yeah, no, I can't break this. Escha, can you check those people outside and see if they have keys on them?"

Escha nodded, and scampered off. In the meantime, he assisted Tattletale to a sitting position, and worked on loosening the knots for the gag. Once that was done, he pulled the cloth away.

Rather than a thank you, the first words out of her mouth were, "Jaune, what the fuck is going on? The heroes just started attacking us all! What did you say to them?"

"It had nothing to do with me, thank you very much," he snarked. "Turns out they want to capture all the villains in the city, big and small."

"They what!?"

"Yeah. That was pretty much my first reaction, too." Jaune shook his head, disgusted. "If Armsmaster told the truth, they were setting things up to backstab us from the start."

"Again, what!?"

"Hang on a minute, why are you so surprised? Shouldn't you be the one telling me this stuff?"

Tattletale flinched. Her eyes darted around, anywhere but at him."I-I… Shut up!" She glared, finally looking at him. "I was handling my side, and all the heroes were on yours. How am I supposed to know stuff that was happening over on your end? You should have noticed something!" she spat.

Jaune leaned back from the unexpected outburst, hands raised in placating motions. " Alright, alright, my bad. I wasn't trying to blame you, I swear. We were both caught by surprise."

Tattletale drew in a shuddering breath, and it occurred to Jaune that under the dim lights of their surroundings her eyes seemed to be rimmed with red.

"Hey, Tattletale? Is something wrong?"

"No," she replied, quickly. "Look, Escha's back. Help me get out of these cuffs. They're killing my blood circulation."

Escha scurried over to them, jingling with each movement, and offered up her bounty, a pile of keys for cars, houses, lockers, and many other purposes. The daunting task of discerning which keys would fit the cuffs became fairly easy after Jaune discovered the matching dots color-coded for the different types of restraints—red for Brute cuffs.

"How did they catch you?" he asked as he finished releasing her wrists, and moved on to her legs.

"It was Tattletale, that bitch!" hissed Tattletale, growing angry at the reminder.

He glanced up at her. "Uh… she's you."

"Yeah, so? That means I can call her a bitch if I want to. I helped her get Grue and Skitter back, and the first thing she did was hightail it out of there to leave me surrounded on all sides by the PRT. Somebody tackled me from a blindspot"—she spread her arms—"and now here I am. God, I hate her."

"Did you see who it was that brought you down?"

He made a mental note to teach her the basics of fighting on the ground. With Aura, elbows and knees can do nasty things to an opponent lacking its protection.

Tattletale bit her lips, thinking. "Miss Militia, maybe?" she guessed. "They all piled on too fast, but she certainly seems the type that wouldn't hesitate to sucker punch a sweet, delicate girl like myself. Gal gets downright nasty with how she fights, let me tell you…"

He left her to grumble, listening with half an ear as he padded over to Sundancer. Her cuffs bore a purple dot on the underside, and lucky for her, that matched with a few of the keys he had.

"Thanks for that," she said afterward, rubbing her sore wrists.

"You're welcome. Are you hurt anywhere?"

"A few bruises, nothing that bad." She gave a rueful laugh. "I should have paid attention better. I think I might have been the first to go down—got decked in the face before I knew it."

Tattletale shot her an unfriendly look. "Yeah, well, maybe you should have called up a sun to keep Velocity away." What began as a mild snark grew bitter. "You know, like you could have to get us out of here ten minutes ago, instead of wasting time?"

"I told you, it was too risky," Sundancer said, shaking her head. "I could have killed you at this range trying to melt my handcuffs."

"It would have been fine."

"Say that after I hit the gas tank and blow up the whole car!" Sundancer argued with a bit of heat. Jaune got the sense that the two girls' time together in the back of this PRT truck hadn't been a quiet one, despite Tattletale's inability to talk throughout the whole experience.

Tattletale gave a scoff, crossing her arms and turning her head to the side. "Always with an excuse. What good even are you without your powers?"

"Hey, cut it out," Jaune chided. As Tattletale whirled towards him, displaying a sullen glower, he softened his tone and said in admonishment, "Would you like it if I made you do your Thinker thing all hours of the day, and have you live with a perpetual migraine?" He pointed at Sundancer. "She might not suffer the same blowback, but she does have better reasons to not use her power than other people have to use theirs, so let's not rag on her too much, alright?"

As best as he could understand it, parahumans acquired powers through a luck outside their control. They didn't get to have an initiation test, a moment where they could choose between a normal existence and the life of a Huntsman. For someone thrown headlong into this situation, to fear killing a fellow person wasn't wrong. Unwise and very unrecommended, but not wrong. Given a cause—people to protect and a monster to be slain—he knew firsthand that Sundancer would fight with all her heart.

That sentiment didn't quite click with Tattletale. She gave a derisive snort, puffing herself up to continue sniping at the other girl.

Changing tack, Jaune patted her on the shoulder, adding, "Just watch her fry Leviathan sometimes, then you'd change your tune. Everyone has their specialty."

"Excuse me, watch me do what?" squeaked Sundancer.

He blanked for a bit, then smacked his forehead. "Oh, shoot. We still haven't told you all about that yet. Yeah, so, Leviathan's dropping by in around a month."

"Three weeks," Tattletale helpfully corrected, cheering up a little as she watched Sundancer's rather polite and quiet freakout at the new information.

"T-That was a joke, right? Please say it's a joke," the other girl managed to choke out.

"You'll see soon."

Jaune interjected, "Or don't. Honestly, I'd suggest skipping. If you need a quick exit—"

Tattletale clamped a hand over his mouth.

"Quiet down, Jaune. Don't go making decisions like that on your own."

They began to bicker, except the world wouldn't let them hit their strides before sending a reminder of the ongoing troubles taking place outside this box.

Tock, tock, tock.

The knocking came from the open doors of the vehicle, where Gallant now stood with knuckles poised to rap on on the wall again. How long he had been present was unclear, and the boy tried to dispel the wariness of everyone there beside Jaune by waving his hand.

"Hi, all! I apologize for the interruption, but there's still a big fight going on out here."

Tattletale jabbed a finger at him. "And you're on the other side. Escha, attack!"

Heeding her, Escha pounced at once. She landed on the suit of armor, where she proceeded to unleash her mighty claws upon Gallant, swiping furiously.

Good enthusiasm. Not that effective. Gallant plucked her off of his scratched-up armor, and held the hissing felyne at arm's length.

"He's a friendly, actually," Jaune said, to calm Escha.

The cat ceased her struggling. Looking from Gallant to Jaune, she scratched her ear with a paw.

"Really?"

Jaune nodded. "Uh-huh. We worked out a deal. He'll help me get everybody on our side away from this mess."

"And I need your help beating back Hookwolf," Gallant blurted out, to make Jaune frown.

"That wasn't part of the deal. Why?"

"He's escalating. All of the Empire capes are, but he's the worst of them. So far, it's just Aegis that he's tearing to shreds, but that won't last."

Poor Aegis. He's 'just' facing grievous injuries, no reason to worry. Jaune dreaded to hear how they treat the guy in the day-to-day.

"Sounds like a good distraction for us to slip away," Tattletale remarked.

Gallant turned to Jaune with what was probably a pleading gaze behind that helmet. "Come on, man. Let me go home with all my people. Please."

Put on the spot, Jaune dithered, trying to find a reason to agree that was compelling enough to convince his own self. A part of him loudly supported the idea of hunting a giant wolf to keep people safe—it's pretty much the first line in a Huntsman's job description. The rest of him admitted that Tattletale had raised a stellar observation. A busy hero was a hero that lacked the time to chase them.

"I… guess I'd have to travel that way anyhow," he said slowly, his eyes flicking up and down the street to pick out the individuals he came here to get, evaluating their situations. "The Travelers and Faultline's team are scattered all over the place. If we happen to get within range of Hookwolf, I can pitch in. Otherwise, every hero freed up is one that you can send at him instead of at us."

"That's a better plan than anything else I can hope for. Let's do it!" Gallant agreed without missing a beat. The boy stepped aside for Jaune to exit the transport truck, eager to move things forward lest he changed his mind.

Before following, Jaune turned to the other people within the vehicle. While Escha had seemed fine with whatever he decided, Tattletale didn't look very happy and Sundancer was downright fretting.

"We could use a couple of getaway cars," he said, passing the pile of keys into Tattletale's hands. Seeing her hesitate, he leaned down, peering eye-to-eye with her. "We don't have to be like the other Tattletale. A quick in and out, and I can have everyone ready for you to rescue. Push comes to shove, and the heroes object to that? I'll give them a good reason to back off."

"This is just more stupid risks for no payoff," she complained. Idly, she began sifting through the keys.

"Story of our lives, Tattletale. It'd get better." Leaning to the side, he looked past her shoulder at Sundancer. "Can you drive, too?"

Sundancer shot to attention upon being addressed. "Y-Yes! I took my driver test a couple years back. Um, my license might not…" She trailed off, no doubt recognizing that driving with an expired license would be the least of their offenses tonight. Fidgeting in embarrassment, she settled for a firm nod of her head.

"That will work," he assured her, glossing over the slip-up. "You and Tattletale can stay here to figure out which cars we're taking. Check for those guys that worked for Coil, too, because I don't see them anywhere. Escha, I want you standing guard to keep people off their backs."

The felyne wriggled out of Gallant's grasp, and after landing on the ground she gave him a salute.

Jaune returned it, and hopped down from the truck. "Alright, gang. Plan is a go. Good luck, I'll see you in a bit aaaand of course it's not going to be that simple," he grumbled under his breath, gaze directed upward.

Cape fluttering in the night breeze, Glory Girl descended from the sky bearing a wrath worthy of a storm god (Misaka Mikoto). Hers was the kind of face that said she had long chosen violence, and was here to make good on it. Uncaring of the gunshots and lasers going off behind her, she hovered above them, casting a judging glare from face to face until it returned to him, where she stared with a hard intent.

"You."

He ventured a joke. "Whatever happened to 'cousin'?" The cheeky grin was more of a grimace; his audience wasn't laughing.

Slowly, she shook her head.

"I really thought I was doing the right thing, going to bat for you," she said in a voice that seemed barely-restrained from becoming a shout. "I thought we were connecting. Hell, you could have straight up joined our family and nobody would even blink with how well you fit in. I offered you a place to belong. I opened a path for you to get away from villainy."

Jaune raised his hands before him, motioning for her to calm as he spoke quickly, "Look, that was nice of you and I appreciate it. Thing is, the situation isn't that simple. There's—"

"I tried so hard," she continued, giving no indication she heard him. "But you had to stick with scum in the end." Glory Girl jerked her chin at Tattletale, half-hidden inside the truck. "Is she that good a fuck? Was that what I had to do to get you on side?"

"Glory Girl!" Gallant rebuked, only to stiffen as she whirled to face him.

"And you! What the hell are you doing with them?"

The poor guy looked ready to bolt. "I, um. With how tonight has gone sideways, I figured if I could reduce the number of moving parts, it'd swing things in our favor again."

"Oh, really? How were you going to do that, hm?" asked Glory Girl.

For Jaune, the alarm bells began to ring. He had often heard that tone of voice in the past. Gallant missed it, to his detriment, and gave an earnest reply with little thought.

"Okay, so the smaller gangs like the Travelers and Faultline aren't as dangerous as the Empire. Without them in the picture, the Protectorate can focus on the real danger. I was—"

"You were what?" Glory Girl snapped. "Letting them go? The Protectorate dragged my family into this mess, and now you want to back out? No. You and I are arresting them, starting with the ones right here."

"Give it a rest, will ya, Glory Hole?" a new voice joined the conversation. Tattletale stepped off the truck, and planted her hands on her hips, looking at Glory Girl with a fearless grin. "Your boytoy there is the only person among you heroes making any headway in stopping the E88. What's your plan? Punch harder? That didn't go very well for you the last time, as I recall."

Greeeat. She's in that kind of 'helping' mood. Jaune sidled closer to Tattletale, maneuvering his frame in front of her. She elbowed him in the ribs, sliding forward to continue her spiel.

"Did you get all the bugs out of your hair yet? I doubt you've fixed that weakness in your forcefield, so we can have a repeat act, if you want." She turned to him. "Get this, Jaune. Girl goes around pretending she's the top dog, except one good hit shatters her shield to make her human again. We scream that from the rooftops, and she'd be dead within the week."

Glory Girl gave a derisive scoff. "Wooow, that's literally the same crap you spouted off before," she said in mock praise. "Why don't you get some new material? Because I remember smacking you so hard you cried. I don't back down to threats. Gallant?" She tilted her head, her expectation clear.

A flash of hurt then passed on her face as Gallant stepped between her and the pair of Jaune and Tattletale.

"Hahaha! Look at that, even your man can't stand by you," Tattletale taunted. "I wonder what he'll think if he hears the truth about your sister. You know what? Let's find out, unless you back off right now."

Glory Girl's eyes widened.

Tattletale caught the look, and she deepened her grin. "I'll be nice and give you a count of five to think it over, then the PRT gets to—mmph!"

She looked down at the fingers placed over her lips, then turned her head slightly to glance up at Jaune.

"Now, now, Gossip Girl," he said as he wrapped an arm around her waist, pulling the girl back. "As much as I like to hear you talk, it's doing more harm than good in this situation. We're not here to hurt her or her family, so how about everybody just chill." He directed the last part to all parties present, receiving a grateful nod from Gallant.

Tattletale tried to say something behind his hand. When he wouldn't relent, she bumped her hips against him and pouted.

They had an observer. Jaune gazed upward, and saw Glory Girl watching their byplay with an uncertain air. For one who divided the world into simple terms of villains and heroes, it must be quite a strange sight. Before her were a pair of criminals, dastardly and nefarious. Yet, he rather suspected that she had not many chances to encounter a villain taking part in this kind of casual, affectionate scene, such goodness being the domain of heroes. His actions ran counter to her worldview, and it stayed her hand.

Within that short reprieve, he considered how best to proceed. Now that he was aware of her weakness, Glory Girl presented less of an issue for him—it just took two hits to bring her down. That said, he'd prefer a peaceful outcome, because she was right on one thing. She had tried to be kind to him.

So, he leaned into the act, resting his chin atop Tattletale's head and smiling at Glory Girl to project a carefree—playful, even—image. With his hands full, he held no weapon, evoked no threat. As for Tattletale, her greatest weapon, that mile-a-minute mouth of hers, had been neutralized. Clearly, they weren't here to fight.

The ball had been passed into Glory Girl's court. She could try to arrest them, sure. On the other hand, any reasonable person must agree that launching an attack on them would be a bit much. Whatever she decided would speak volumes, and she knew it.

Gallant did, also, and he threw his weight onto the scale, speaking soothingly, "I don't like Tattletale."

"Mmph, mmph!" retorted Tattletale, rolling her eyes.

"I was at the bank, too. I don't like Tattletale," repeated Gallant, his focus on Glory Girl. "That goes for pretty much every villain. But this plan to stab them in the back? It doesn't sit right with me." he pointed behind him, at them. "They came here trusting us, and they were willing to help. They still are, that's the strange thing. You talked about giving HuntsMan chances, and he was doing the same!"

"But he—"

The two heroes started to argue back and forth, warming up to a furious row. On the sideline, Jaune felt a tug on his sleeve, and he looked away from the pair to see what Tattletale wanted. She was pointing at his hand, once more requesting he move it. He sent her a tepid gaze to convey his doubts of how wise a course of action that would be.

She pouted harder in response.

With a sigh, he took his hand away. In a surprising turn of event, Tattletale didn't immediately begin with snark, but peered up at him through her eyelashes.

"...You like hearing me talk?"

"To a point," he qualified.

She pouted at the comment, scrunching her nose. "Give me a better nickname," she demanded.

"Nope. You're Gossip Girl. What else would you call that thing you do all the time to people?" He tilted his head in Glory Girl's direction. "It's what you deserve, and way better than what you called her."

Tattletale clicked her tongue. It seemed to him more for appearance's sake than true annoyance.

They both fell quiet as Glory Girl drifted lower, touching down on the ground so that she was level with them. The hero studied them with careful suspicion, alert for a sudden and surprise blow. When none came, she looked Jaune in the eye.

"You'll really help?" she asked warily.

"Of course I'm going to help, what are you, dumb?" he replied with a scowl, which then flickered to reveal an amused expression.

Glory Girl snorted. She had remembered his words earlier in the day.

"I'll hold you to that. I'm gonna be up in the air, with a view of everything you do. A step out of line, and you're in for a world of hurt, got it?" She waited for him to nod in agreement. "And if you try to do anything to Gallant, I'll snap your spine in half. He's putting his job on the line for you."

With that warning, she shot into the air, heading off to assist her cousin. A quick twirl emphasized her point, that she would be watching.

"We could've taken her," Tattletale declared, squawking as Jaune ruffled her hair.

"Yeah, yeah. Go find us a ride."

He nodded to Gallant, and after picking up his gunlance, the pair set off.

Amidst a forest of steel and giants, it was easy to miss Crusader, who dressed like a knight and fought like an assassin. Ghostly copies of his form, long spears in hands, took to the field while the man remained out of sight. Jaune stabbed a few, and his lance went through them to little effect. He was left dancing between the ghosts, too quick for them to follow yet unable to strike a blow.

Gallant broke that stalemate. His powers dealt in emotions, and manifested in more ways than just the energy bolts he fires. He could see happiness. Grief. Worry. Anger. The full spectrum of the human heart. The man lurking in an alley thought the dark would hide him. Under Gallant's direction, Jaune launched a shadowy arm to drag him kicking and screaming out into the light.

The man shouted a lot of words Jaune didn't understand. Going by the way Gallant condensed and blasted a ball of pure frustration to the side of his head to shut Crusader up, they weren't nice words to say—Crusader smashed his own face against the concrete until loss of consciousness to escape the sensation.

With a villain subdued, a hero faced them next, and they enjoyed an easier time by far. The donuts had counted for something, with Manpower holding good opinions of Gallant and Jaune both. Talking him down from beating Gregor to a pulp was an amicable affair decided by the suggestion that he go assist his children.

Unfortunately, he chose to help Shielder with Ballistic rather than his daughter fighting the E88 cape Rune. Eh heh.

…He concluded that Ballistic could handle the extra pressure, and after sending his well wishes, put the matter out of mind to move on.

Trickster proved trickiest, annoyingly enough. Jaune hadn't realized how paranoid the guy was. His attempts to approach the cape ended in various states of failure: running the wrong way, appearing in the midst of a PRT squad, on one occasion standing inside a clothing store's display sans his gunlance.

One particular attempt put him clear on the other side of the wide avenue, switching places with Velocity just as his punch was about to connect with Genesis. The hero proceeded to deck Gallant with that punch. Oops.

And broke his fingers on the armor. Oops, again.

Meanwhile, Genesis, to her credit, hesitated from leaping for his throat after his sudden appearance—she had recognized his face. They struck up conversation, and she became his messenger notifying Trickster to stand down as Gallant pleaded with Velocity to turn a blind eye.

Which brought them to…

"What's our answer to this?" Gallant asked, a hint of a tremble in his voice as he stared up at the giant woman wielding a spear heading straight for them.

Jaune scratched his head, wondering the same. "Beats the hell out of me. How tough is that enhanced durability of hers? You think a bomb would work?" He summoned one, showing the device to Gallant, who took a big step to make some distance.

"That was made by Bakuda, wasn't it? What does it do?"

"No idea!" he cheerily replied, and wound back an arm, aiming for the ground near the woman's feet where the blast might leave her alive afterward. His ally ducked low, covering his head in a panic.

"...eal."

Jaune never got the chance to throw the bomb. The cape, Menja, tripped mid-stride, and he watched as she went from vertical to horizontal in a manner reminiscent of a felled tree, faceplanting on the street with an impact that shook their surroundings. The entire battle paused as a great cloud of dust and debris covered the area, blocking the sight of enemies and allies alike.

Within that cloud, he caught a glimpse of silver. A blink, and it was gone.

Soon, the dust cleared to reveal Menja lying completely straight and flat inside a deep furrow. There seemed not a blemish on her, leading many to wonder how she had been toppled in a single blow. One of her high-heel boots was missing, raising further questions.

"Did you just throw a bomb that swipes people's footwear?" Gallant asked incredulously.

Jaune shook his head. "I still have it right here. Wasn't me that did this."

"Oh…" The ground began to shake. "I guess that means you wouldn't be able to repeat it with her twin, then."

Fenja, who differed from Menja in that she wielded a sword and shield, made a beeline for her sister, calling out in worry with a booming voice befitting her size. Lacking any indication of who had defeated the other woman, she zeroed in on the person closest to the scene of the crime—Jaune. What he could see of her face twisted into a snarl.

He considered his options, lightly tossing up the explosive he was holding and catching it as it fell. He looked down at the device.

"Welp. Bombs away."

Except, the duo of Faultline and Spitfire chose that moment to burst out of a storefront, shattering the window. A spray of fire caused Fenja to yelp, hopping away from the superheated ground beneath her feet. The distraction allowed Faultline time to apply her power onto the surface of the building they exited from, forming strategic gouges that collapsed the whole brick front onto the giant.

Elated as Jaune was that they hadn't simply run off into the night, he must admit to a small measure of dismay.

"I'm never going to get to use this bomb, am I?"

Newter came out from within the ruined building, leading Labyrinth. He looked in bad shape, cuts criss-crossing his body. Jaune tossed him a stimpak at once, instructing him on its use.

"Thanks, man," Newter said, observing the fading wounds in delight. "You wouldn't happen to have seen Gregor, would you?"

Nodding, Jaune quickly explained, "Rescued him from a spot of trouble a few minutes ago. He should be with our getaway car further down the road."

"Huh. You're pretty alright, you know that? Watch this girl for me."

Leaving Labyrinth under Jaune's care, Neuter fearlessly raced into battle and jumped on Fenja to attach himself like a limpet to her bare thigh.

…In what was no surprise to anyone present, the giant gave an indignant shriek and tried to smack the orange man. Only, her hand missed. She gave another attempt. That missed, too. The hallucinogenic properties that the Case 53 imparted on skin contact could bring down an elephant. Or, in this case, a woman the size of an elephant.

Fenja landed on top of her sister just as Menja was getting up to send them both crashing to the ground, planking flat on their fronts. She was content to lay there, tripping out on visions of pretty butterflies and muttering about tasting colors, while Menja struggled to shove her off.

The group of mercenaries weren't staying idle. Spitfire must have relayed to her leader the plan, because after receiving news of Gregor, Faultline set her team on a course for Ballistic instead of bailing from the scene. The mercenary leader gave Jaune a curt nod in parting, which he returned with a grin and a wave.

Okay, that's Ballistic, Trickster, Genesis, Gregor and Newter accounted for, leaving…

Gallant tapped his shoulder, and pointed ahead.

"Ah," Jaune said, looking at the giant metal wolf. "Technically, my business here is done. Just so you know."

Since he last paid attention to this end of the street, the battle had taken a decidedly lethal turn with Hookwolf carving a path through his opponents. Jaune got a front row view of the process when Hookwolf rammed into a PRT trooper who had been a touch too slow, and the metal parts forming his shape shifted to draw the man in. What happened next started out gradual, cuts and tears ripped from the protective gear. Then, the hooks struck flesh.

The trooper was torn apart piece by piece, limb from limb, screaming the entire way. His remains left Hookwolf in a spray, rendered into tiny chunks.

"But I can make room in my schedule," Jaune added.

A monster was a monster, and his adventurer card didn't have Huntsman written on it for show. Also, he had a bomb.

The resulting explosion bloomed in total silence. A gray bubble grew in midair, suspending in defiance of gravity. It enveloped near a half of Hookwolf, and with an errant movement by the cape, a mere step forward, it ripped him in two. One part was locked in place, while the rest of him collapsed to the ground. Unlike the cast-off shedding he performed to recover from damage, this loss of mass included something important, for his keening wails reverberated across the area, sounding more animal than man. New growths warped in strange patterns as they took shape, crumbling as Hookwolf thrashed about. More bits and pieces detached as time passed, shrinking his form until flesh began to emerge. Soon, a person remained, panting for breath and crying as he laid in a shivering heap.

"Done~," Jaune said, buffing his nails on his armor. "See, this is why I like to start with overkill and scale down from there when facing big, nasty beasts with sharp teeth. If we mess up, we mess up on the side of 'I win,' meaning we still get to go home afterward."

"That's… not what I expected you to do," Gallant said, perturbed by the sight.

Jaune gave an awkward chuckle, raising a hand to rub the back of his head. "Well, it's what you got. I don't think I could have matched him in brute force."

Still, that bomb was scarier than he envisioned, with him almost preferring fires and shrapnel. At least there, a person stood a chance. This was just an instant death field for anybody caught inside. In another life, it—or one like it—would claim a number of capes, Dauntless and Miss Militia among them.

The pumping of a shotgun right beside him warned Jaune of the imminent danger, and he slapped the gun off course before it could fire. With the culprit within reach, he only had to swing his lance to catch them.

Miss Militia rolled with the momentum and came up on a knee, aiming down the sights of an assault rifle. She didn't shoot, waiting with her finger on the trigger as others moved into formation. Jaune grew keenly aware that he was surrounded by the heroes at this moment.

"Stand down, HuntsMan," Miss Militia ordered.

"Hah?" was his eloquent repartee.

Jaune looked to his left, then his right. He noted the chilly reception by most of the faces in attendance. Gallant might be the sole representative of those happy to have him here… except the other boy had also skipped back to stand alongside the Protectorate forces arrayed behind him.

"Not this again," he murmured, striving hard to not blow his top.

"Stand down," Miss Militia repeated. "Drop your weapon, and put your hands on your head. Any further actions of that level and we will resort to lethal means."

Jaune did neither. "Are you… are you mad that I went too hard on him? Seriously?"

"No kill order has been issued for Hookwolf. You did not have the authority to employ such measures," she snapped right back. "With your past actions, we're not taking chances."

"He killed, like, ten of your guys that I saw, and would have done the same to all of you," Jaune argued, pointing at the bloodstains. "It was pretty damn justified if you ask me."

That sentiment struck a chord with a number of people, none of whom spoke up in his favor, though they did look to Miss Militia for her answers.

"The necessity of that decision rested with the commander on the field, not with the rank and file, and certainly not with you," she replied in a tone that brook no disagreement. "For your sake, please surrender. We can sort it out at HQ."

Tension notched higher as the heroes saw Jaune tightening his grip on the gunlance.

"I'm not even asking you to leave us alone. Can't you just let us have a headstart?" he tried, one last time.

Miss Militia seemed to consider it, but…

"This isn't a game of cops and robbers, HuntsMan."

And that was that. Jaune braced for a fight.

A little ball of energy zoomed past him, missing by a hair to hit Miss Militia instead.

"Gallant! What are you doing?" yelled Vista.

"Oh no! I'm so sorry, I thought I could get him with a surprise shot!" No great actor, was Gallant.

The rumbling of car engines reached their ears. Two PRT transport trucks were barreling down the road, avoiding the capes still locked in battle and the various debris scattered around. A few heroes and troopers sent curious glances toward the vehicles, but nothing more, making the assumption that some of their own were operating them. They missed the trucks slowing down near Faultline's team and the Travelers.

Aegis dove for him. Jaune twirled aside, manifesting his shield to block a salvo of rubber bullets from the troopers. He charged at them, thinking to buy time by raising mayhem.

The world around him began to twist and bend. Distances stretched further than should be possible.

Gallant, again, sprang into action. He grabbed Vista, lifting her and moving her away while shouting that it was 'for her safety'—a poor excuse that he will likely pay for, later on. With her power interrupted, the road flattened out.

The trucks came roaring into range. The one in the lead diverted toward the group, prompting people to dive out of its path. Jaune did the opposite, running at the truck which hit the brakes long enough for him to leap onto its side, before it floored the accelerator to shoot past the Protectorate.

The look on the heroes' faces was one he'd remember; they hadn't realized until it's too late that the villains have hijacked the trucks, trusting in the logos stenciled on its sides. As he hung off the hand- and footholds, he stuck out his tongue at them.

Token potshots followed the convoy. Flashbang lobbed one of his energy blasts, Miss Militia fired a couple of rounds. They faced a choice, though. A chase through the city streets, or mopping the remaining Empire capes—Kaiser, Rune, Menja. Miss Militia made the call, ordering her subordinates to assist their colleagues.

Among them, Gallant kept looking in his direction. His knightly costume covered his whole face, so Jaune had no clue what the boy must be thinking.

Gallant's helm featured a glowing slit over the eyes. Very quickly, half of it blinked off then on again.

A wink.

Jaune grinned, and turned away. He climbed along the side of the truck to reach the driver door.

The window rolled down. Tattletale sat at the wheel, and the wind whipped at her hair to send it every which way. On the other side sat Escha, who waved to him.

"Did we get everybody?" he asked Tattletale, leaning in.

Green eyes flicked between the road and him. She nodded her head. "Our team. Faultline's. Travelers. Even those mercenaries from Coil—they were in a different prisoner transport."

"A full house," he said with a satisfied hum.

"Uh-huh. Time to make like trees and leave, I think."

"Yeah—wait! We have to go grab my stuff!"

"What?"

"It's a few blocks over. Make a turn here, make a turn here!"

"Goddamnit, Jaune!"

The truck pulled into a sharp turn far above the speed limits, with Jaune barely hanging on. In the back of the car came the sound of many voices cursing and shouting, mirrored by the second truck as a frantic Sundancer followed their lead.


-o-​


There had been talks of a party bandied about. Nobody was in quite the right celebratory mood. His face would soon be plastered on the news, and with how they've stuck a foot in it tonight, hard times were a-coming for supervillainy around these parts.

The doors to the PRT transport slid shut. Jaune waved to Faultline's little group of misfits, who, after the ordeal they've been through, bade farewell to him as if he were a friend. Then with a screech of tires, they departed to destinations unknown, leaving the tired trio of him, Tattletale, and Escha standing in front of a nondescript alleyway. Deep within, strange energies stirred to life. A gap through the universe began to unfold.

The others drudged over to the space between the buildings, but Jaune stayed where he was. He turned his head to and fro, searching the street for the other truck.

It was a fruitless endeavor. The Travelers had taken off on their own somewhere along the way.

Jaune heaved a great sigh.

"Were you really going to offer her a spot with us?"

He looked towards Tattletale, whose face was set in an unhappy frown. A halberd rested on her shoulder, lightly spinning as she played with it.

"It was a possibility," he admitted.

"You mean a lot less to her than she does to you. You know that, right? She would have said no."

He got the feeling she wasn't just talking about this world's Sundancer.

"Maybe," he said with a slight smile, willing to let the comment pass. Tattletale was right, and Tattletale was wrong. She hadn't stood where he stood, hadn't fought by that girl's side. He had become Sundancer's friend, by the end.

"Why even ask, then?"

In thought, Jaune turned his gaze to the sky. A thin sliver of the moon shone upon the city.

"I suppose… because it would grant her the freedom to go find what she's looking for."

One thing held true in this world and the last. Sundancer was deeply unhappy where she was.

But a step outside, and her life could have truly begun.

"What about 'you'?" he said.

He hadn't meant her. Tattletale understood anyway.

"I might have made some insinuations to my dear little sister. Told her she could improve her outlook if she would just skip out on this godforsaken town, whether with us or on a bus." Tattletale rolled her eyes. "She sees a future in it, better than what she could get elsewhere."

"Would she?" He'd readily admit that their lifestyle was not what most would consider ideal, and rife with risks. It's already a wonder that Tattletale stuck with him.

She gave him a little smile. "I had friends, back then. Money, swanky clothes, a place of my own. And yet the best thing that happened to me in Brockton Bay, was the day I left it behind. I don't remember being happy here, even if I thought I did in the moment. This city, this… this hole that I've dug, and wallowed in, and dressed up like a life… I must have fooled myself into believing it was healthy for me."

"And the other Tattletale is going to stay in that situation."

"Partly my fault. She seemed to have figure that, without Coil, she'll get an easy ride to the top. Probably why she wanted to remove me from the picture, too. Heh."

"I know that sound. I know that look. You do that when you've gotten up to mischief."

"Hmmm. It wouldn't hurt to tell you, I guess."

"Don't lie. You're downright eager to brag about it, aren't you?"

"No. Maybe. Anyway, this wasn't really my intention at the time, but… in a certain room of a certain place, behind a door with a code I've set that only she could guess at, I left her a present, tied up nice and tight. He should be awake by now. Girl's gonna face the choices she'd have to make. Learn what it really takes. "

"So, you dropped a whole heap of trouble onto her lap, is what I'm hearing."

"Oodles and oodles worth of it, Jaune. Just what 'I' deserve."

With that, she strode into the alley, Escha sleepily following on her heels. They stopped by a crate that hadn't been there yesterday to study the contents stored within.

Before he joined them, Jaune spared a moment to look back, taking in the sight of Brockton Bay.

For the second time, he had entered this world to find a mess, only to leave it little better than before. He couldn't solve its troubles, then and now.

Because… he still wasn't the person they needed. Still someone for whom the right choices didn't come easy, and the easy choices feel all too right.

Heroes. Villains. Whatever lies in between. Their world was bigger than he knew, each action bearing consequences that spread far and wide. Setting out to save it, a fool's errand.

All he could do was try. Just like everybody else living their lives.

Jaune turned on his heels and walked to the portal, heading home.

It has been a long day.


-o-​


Jaune woke up to the howling winds, and an endless void.

He raised his head from the table, blinking his bleary eyes in weariness. The wooden chair beneath him creaked as he sat back to cast a gaze over the surroundings, getting his bearing. Worn and dirty floor, grimy bottles on the shelves, Somer's Rock looked just as ugly on the second visit. If anything, the missing walls and biting chill improved the ambience.

Around the table sat familiar faces, frozen in time. Tattletale, with Escha in her lap. Grue. Faultline. Trickster. Coil. Kaiser.

The Outsider.

"Hello, Jaune," was his mild greeting, the man leaning forward from his spot—comfortable and with room to spare—between Grue and Faultline.

Jaune searched his memory, and wondered how come nobody commented on that empty gap the night before last.

"Hello again," he said in kind.

"Tough day?"

"I've had worse."

He grabbed the armrest of the chair, pushing to sit straighter in his seat as he checked the area. Tables spread out across the small island, reenacting the scene. At a booth, the Undersiders watched the proceedings, Tattletale's counterpart singularly focused on her. Opposite them, the Travelers. Sundancer fidgeted under the attention of her teammates.

The girl seemed to be looking his way, expression inscrutable behind her—

"Masks. Interesting things, are they not?" the Outsider said.

Jaune turned back to the other man, who had stood up at some point and was peering curiously at the skull pattern on Grue's motorcycle helmet.

"They're pretty fun," Jaune agreed. Putting on a mask and cape, playing at superhero? That's the dream. "A little hard to tell what a person's thinking sometimes, though."

"That is rather the point in their mind, I find." The Outsider tapped the helmet. "They believe they can hide who they are each time they put it on. Of course, the opposite holds true more often than not. A mask reveals."

The Outsider vanished from sight.

Jaune twisted in his seat to see the Outsider, chin in hand, standing over Tattletale and observing her. The girl was in the middle of a laugh with her grin stretched wide, the stopped time causing it to appear spiteful instead of playful. The Outsider reached out a hand to pet the statue of Escha, before lightly spinning on his heels to lean on the table, addressing Jaune again.

"Curious, that a thin piece of cloth is all it takes for what lurks beneath to surface." He swept his gaze around the room, from Kaiser and the people behind him to the three from the Merchants to Coil. "Every thought that was bottled up. Every crude word never given voice. Every desire, base and animal. All that you are inside, just more so." The Outsider placed his hands on either side of his face, and pushed his cheeks up into the tiniest almost-smile. He then pulled it down to form a semblance of a frown. Upon release, his visage returned to a blank expression. "How freeing it must be, to let the world see one's true face. I envy them."

Jaune went to respond, but caught a slight movement at the corner of his eyes. He tried to overlook it at first, as objects tend to drift through the void. The sound of a mug sliding over a wooden surface, however, wasn't normal. He whipped his head in that direction.

"Hey, quick question. Who's that?" he asked, very much disturbed by the hooded figure sitting in one of the booths, the black robes hugging their skinny frame. A beer sat before them on the table. (Jaune blinked blankly at that innocuous detail, then resumed his surreptitious scan for a scythe and a skeletal horse.)

"A guest," said the Outsider, his voice achieving an unsurpassed blandness in its inflection. "One far too meddling for my taste."

The figure raised one of their voluminous sleeves, moving it in what Jaune would swear was a friendly wave. He glimpsed a hint of silvery white under the hood, and shivered as it implied everything he was dreading.

"Ignore them. I do. Care for a change of scenery?"

Jaune still had many questions regarding this second entity, but refrained from asking because he wasn't sure he'd like the answer. Keeping a wary eye on that booth, he pushed away from the table. A staircase made from the same dark rocks as the floating islands had quietly materialized some time during their conversation, and he stepped on them, strolling alongside the Outsider to a higher platform.

Halfway up, he addressed the Outsider, "Aren't you going to… you know." Jaune wiggled his fingers while making a 'whoosh' noise to denote the other man's usual disappearing act.

"I was told that walking beside mortals offers a new perspective."

By who, Death back there?

"And how is that working out for you? Learned anything new yet?" He assumed that emotions were the goal here.

"You walk with little steps."

Jaune gasped, offended. "I do not!"

Humor drained out of him at the sight that greeted their duo after they ascended the staircase. He stopped a few paces in, but the Outsider walked all the way to the other side of the figure laying on the ground, taking care to avoid the bomb sitting at the center of the island.

"This feels familiar, Jaune. I'm sensing a pattern." The Outsider squatted down beside the body. "I could say many things about this 'Armsmaster'—his secrets, his fears, his hopes. But we're not here for him." He looked up at Jaune. "Why did you do it?"

Jaune crossed his arms, defiant. "Because he's the same as ever. Exactly like he will be a month from now."

"A beast, as you once called him?"

The man knew. Of his doubts. Of his unease, buried deep. What he tried to justify.

"No," Jaune said—confessed. He tapped his heel on the stone ground, dithering for a while as he collected his thoughts. "I had the chance to fight by his side, and he wasn't the horrible monster I've built up in my head. The guy can do jokes, you know that? Stopped me from stepping on a few bombs, too. His people trusted him."

"A human, then."

Jaune nodded, after a second. "Yes, that's it. He's just a human. But…"

"Go on," the Outsider pressed.

"But that doesn't change what he did. A human can do bad things. I've seen that before, and so have you. Calling himself a hero doesn't make his actions right."

The Outsider tilted his head, staring intently. "No cause too great that the evils of man can slip on by?"

The sentiment gave him pause. Jaune considered it, this lofty ideal. He imagined himself an avenging angel who, having learned from his experiences with Kihara, Crowley, and Armsmaster, hunted down those that may consider the suffering of one girl a worthy trade for their grand ambitions.

It sounded wrong, the image better resembling a caricature. That gave him his answer.

"My reason was nothing so great. The simple answer is that I did it because it was Armsmaster."

The brief burst of satisfaction in his chest confirmed it as the truth.

It mattered not one bit what the man was truly like. Maybe he's a saint. Maybe he visits schools to read storybooks to children. Placed on a scale, it might be that Armsmaster was more good than evil.

Jaune would have brought about the same ending. It was that kind of selfishness. The morals and logic of the world bowed to something which dwelled wholly on a personal level, and the conclusion he arrived to was this: if Armsmaster was going to retread the same old road, where he had hurt and will hurt again a person Jaune held dear, that meant he deserves a terrible fate.

The Outsider hummed. "They call that revenge."

"Then, that's what I did."

Irritably, kindly, the young man with black eyes said no more of it.

They stood upon the island for a long time in what he'd hesitate to call companionable silence. Peace did not exist in the Void, too cold and lonely was it for that sort of gentleness, but he found a similar flavor in emptiness, and he let the sensation of nothing wash away his worries.

What he has done, he could not take back, and won't. The future stretched out before him.

He broke the silence.

"What could it have been, do you know?"

The Outsider turned to him, and it seemed as if the man had been waiting for him to ask.

"Well, now. Would you like to see?"

The bomb went off, bursting not with pure physical force, but light.

It faded to show Armsmaster, again. The man looked rather livelier now, posing with chest puffed out and arms akimbo to the backdrop of a big, officious building—the city hall. The full roster of Protectorate ENE heroes were arrayed behind him, plus a few additions.

The sliver of sky, the building, the costumes, all shone bright. Jaune and the Outsider stood in between one moment and the next, amidst a group of cheering spectators that made not a sound.

"The game had been played before," the Outsider said. "In another time, in another place, the defenders of a city threw themselves at the fray, bleeding dry to drive out their hated foes." He laid a hand over his heart. "They proclaimed it a great victory for all of a week. Once new contenders came, they had not the strength to maintain the line, thus losing all grounds."

The Boston Games. That dreaded outcome which Gallant had spoken of as a calamity and a cautionary tale.

"Here, lessons are learned. The engineers of the plan tout it as a clean sweep. You choose to not interfere and an emperor sleeps in his bed; it goes off without a hitch. The defenders aim rats against rats, and as the battlefield falls quiet, they turn upon the survivors. No warning. No quarters. No chance to scurry back to their boltholes. No game of cat and mouse."

Jaune looked at the smile on Armsmaster's face. He saw no signs of regrets, or loss, or anger. Pure happiness suffused the man's being.

"In the aftermath, there would then follow raids within homes and ambushes at favored haunts. An emperor would be arrested like a common thug, and they drag him through the streets. All in a day."

A clean sweep. Jaune considered the method, and what reasons may lie behind it. "If done that way, the heroes would have conserved their strength."

"Fresh and in fighting shape to meet any hardship, whether challengers from afar or a monster from below," said the Outsider, bringing up a fist in victory to mirror the crowd around him. "The shining city has found its hero, and a new way forward. Goodness built upon betrayal and hands stained red."

Jaune closed his eyes and imagined the scene. He listened to the roaring adulation, the booming speech proclaiming a new era for Brockton Bay. He watched the procession of heroes walking forward to receive their medals, and Armsmaster accepting the keys to the city—tears were falling down the man's cheeks.

With a growl, Jaune turned his back on the stage. And abruptly stopped.

He now witnessed an altogether different future.

The heroes—broken, bleeding—were gathered around a meeting room table. Some of the seats went unfilled, the one at the head of the table among them.

The Outsider appeared next to him, an elbow propped on his shoulder.

"In this life, you left your mark. The defenders curse your name as they licked their wounds, all barring a quiet few. A knight would be cast out of his castle in disgrace, forced to find a new banner to fight under. And the rats…"

Another table faded into view, set at a remove and familiar to his eyes. Faultline's team and Travelers stood on one side. Opposite them, Tattletale grinned, the Undersiders spread out behind her.

"Well, they learn from your example. Trust and cooperation are the order of the day. Alliances are struck, an understanding reached. They lurk in the shadows as the city continues in stagnation, and it would seem as if nothing had changed. Of course, that will last about as long as it takes for the newcomers to arrive, eager to build a home."

Between the two divided groups, a dark corner spilled out shapes from within its depths. Teeth and knives and frost, and other strange things.

"It will be a bloody day in Brockton Bay, full of highs and lows, defeats and triumphs. I suppose, in the end, people would have to take the good with the bad."

Jaune looked from one future to the other. They were as stark a contrast as noon from night, stemming from a single choice.

"Oh, how the story goes," the Outsider said, observing him with unblinking eyes, "had you just stood aside. Would you have changed your mind, knowing what you do now?"

Was it wrong, the answer in his heart?

"I think… that I still would do it all the same way again."

"Truly?"

"Maybe the heroes weren't wrong, but I wasn't, either. So I'm going to follow my path, and they can follow theirs. We'll just have to live with where it leads us."

The Outsider took his elbow off Jaune's shoulder. The man began to pace to and fro, pondering that thought.

Jaune, having no desire to wait in judgement like some delinquent schoolboy, wandered over to the edge of the island and sat down. He let his legs dangle over the empty air, and made a game of discerning the features of the far-off islands within the Void.

The odd part was, he seemed to spot movements among them.

Behind him, the Outsider spoke up. "One last thing. One minor thing, that I am curious of."

"Shoot."

But not literally. He'd rather not fall off this cliff.

"Glory Girl."

"What about her?" he said, wary of a trap.

"She proclaimed you family, yet you spurn her at every turn. Strange, for one who is so quick to form bonds."

"There was too much going on," Jaune said, shrugging. "I've no desire to keep hearing her harp on about a misunderstanding."

The Outsider made a noise of understanding. "Ah. She was too small, in the course of events."

"I wouldn't put it that way."

He couldn't deny it, either. At a time in which he had many a concern occupying his thoughts, from Tattletale to Sundancer to the city he wished to save, she was simply one more issue stacked among the rest, and less important beside. Someone that Jaune had no spare moment for, no attention for, no care for.

Someone that wouldn't be there tomorrow, like so many faces that had come and gone.

"She'll think of you, you know. Sometimes, as she flies above the city. Wondering if you are still out there, and if you are well."

Jaune had nothing to say to that.


Universe: Worm. Event: ABB bombings.
Loot: Tinkertech explosives, doomsday device, tinkertech rifles (5x), Armsmaster's Halberd​


Author's notes: What's the use of time shenanigans, if not to have Tattletale backstab Tattletale?

.
Somebody used a translator to leave a comment on this story months ago, and it translated Tattletale as Gossip Girl. I've remembered that ever since, because Jaune has a history of giving nicknames, and this one fits like nothing else.

.
Going to disappear for… let's say three weeks, thereabout. Writing other stuff. So, if you have a question, ask soon.
Last edited: Aug 3, 2025
Stories:
QQ Sneaking His Way into the Multiverse , a RWBY Jaune, WC-lite mechanics story.
Other RWBY stories on AO3 or FF - Yakuza Arc | Conquered Menagerie: Annals of the Sixth Kingdom | Cat, Bunny, and the Good Ship Honey Starbright | The Agent
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, RSR2000, Amdiranifani and 837 others
LazyAutumnMoon
Jul 6, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 41: A Lazy Day, in Between
View content
LazyAutumnMoon
LazyAutumnMoon
We all need Sundancer in our life.
JoinedJun 7, 2024
Messages289
Likes received68,284
Jul 27, 2025
Add bookmark
#2,520
Chapter 41: A Lazy Day, in Between​

Jaune laid on his bed, staring at the ceiling. In the wake of an encounter with the Outsider, it's only natural for a person to ruminate upon the past, present, and future, questioning the whole of their worldview.

…In truth, he has had ample time in the dream to do that and also spent the first ten minutes after waking up mulling over the same, along with the heady subjects of life, love, and the universe to round out his soul-searching. He got some great stuff out of it, too. Quippy lines that would make people's heads spin.

It's been about an hour since then, however, and his head was mostly empty at the moment. They were well into the morning by now, past time that he should start being productive.

There's just one little problem.

"I don't feel like going anywhere today," he said to the room.

Honest words pulled together to form a rather callous statement. His world hung in a precarious balance (probably) and he's the one person that could save it (probably). He dreamed of being a hero, and heroes don't rest in the stories.

Up on her bed, Lisa groaned. "Saaame."

Escha likewise gave a tired meow from her perch atop the cleaning robot puttering around the room.

It's nice that he wasn't alone in this.

"Want to stay in?" he asked.

Another groan, and another meow. He took that as their yeses.

-o-​

For breakfast, Jaune made crepes. A nice, uncomplicated dish to fit most palates.

Light shone as his fingers came in contact with the pan on the stove, in which a thin sheet of batter merrily sizzled. He noted with some chagrin that the him of yesteryear would not have committed such a mistake; the motion used to be far more smooth before his Aura was unlocked, its protection leading him to grow careless around the kitchen. Before the sensation of heat could cause him much pain, he pinched the batter and flipped it over to cook the other side. Once that had turned to a golden brown color, a flick of the pan sent the crepe cartwheeling through the air to join a stack of its brethren on a plate next to the stove.

Escha, crouched atop the counter, set aside the spoon in her paws to pick up a marker. She wrote on a piece of paper, then held it up to display a number.

An 8 out of 10. Not his best but not bad, either. Escha must have taken off points for the slight wobble in the flight path. Jaune accepted the score with good grace, performing an elegant bow to the judge. His lips quivered in suppressed laughter.

The felyne held no such reservations, giggling at his theatrics as she returned to the very important task of licking clean the spoon of its leftover cream. It's hard work, because Jaune made sure that a lot had stuck on after he finished whipping up a bowl of the stuff.

In his household, years ago, a spoon like that would have sparked a war among seven girls and a boy, each one deeming it as a wonderful treat. That became six girls and a boy when Saphron moved out, then just the girls as Jaune developed a knack for making the dish. Today, Escha enjoyed the prize by default, happily lapping up the cream as she watched him pour the next dollop of batter into the pan.

The point then and now, of course, was to distract hungry gremlins from the bowl of cream stowed in the fridge. Funny, how some things changed, while staying the same.

"Hey, Jaune?" Lisa called over. "Can I ask you a question?"

"What's up?" Jaune answered. He glanced behind him. Already at the table, Lisa had the Company scroll in her hand with the laptop set in front of her open to a spreadsheet. He recognized it as the one to keep track of their Point balances, going by the three columns of figures running down the page. (There wasn't one for Escha as she saw no need for it, her interest in what the Marketplace could offer starting and stopping at the pictures of fishes.)

"Why are we short on Points? It was at seven hundred last I checked."

Jaune winced. He knew he had forgotten something.

"Oh yeah," he said, affecting a carefree tone to try and play off the coming rebuke. "I bought a couple sets of stimpaks. Remember that bomb that went off downtown I texted you about? There were a bunch of people hurt by it. I was going to tell you, but then the whole mess last night happened."

Lisa didn't respond right away, and he could imagine her upset face looking at the back of his head as he kept cooking. After a bit, he heard her sighing. Computer keys clicked and clacked as she typed in the adjusted figures.

"Next time, tell me earlier. I need to know this stuff in case we have to make purchases in an emergency."

"I will, no worries," he quickly agreed.

"I'm serious. It could put us all in danger."

Another stab in his conscience. "Yeah. I'll do better."

"Make sure you do," she warned one final time. "Now, putting that aside, how do you feel about selling that big EMP bomb Bakuda made?"

"I'm all for it. There's really no situation I can see where I'd want to set it off, so the faster it's gone the easier I'll sleep." The device claimed too much space in his Pocket, but taking it out risked the chance of a detonation that would wrought destruction on a civilization level. Keeping it was not an option in his mind.

"None at all?" she asked. He was glad to hear that a teasing note had returned to her voice.

"It may surprise you, Lisa, but I don't plan on holding an entire continent ransom."

He felt a tug on his sleeve.

"Jaune, Jaune! We can ask for all the yummy fishies in the world!"

It's official. Escha was evil.

"Let's maybe not," he said, weakly. "I'm happy to buy you food whenever."

"Wouldn't work, anyway," Lisa added, eyes on the scroll. "Says here the bomb is unfinished. It's functional, but looks like you got to Bakuda before she managed to boost the range. This can only reach the city limits at most. What a shame; the completed version would have been worth a lot higher."

Jaune laughed along with Lisa's joke. Or rather, he laughed by himself.

…She was kidding, right?

The EMP bomb vanished from his Pocket to render his many concerns moot, bringing their balance to a whopping 9,600 Points. It drove him to giddiness seeing the number that high.

He also wondered who needed that level of armaments. Their foe would have to be great, indeed. Were there planets full of killer robots out in the multiverse? (He tried very hard to not think about the possibility that they just sold the bomb to a megalomaniacal supervillain; the chances of that were remote, he was sure.)

They continued on down the list. Most of Bakuda's other tinkertech explosives went the same way as their bigger cousin. The Tinker possessed a cruel streak, having designed the bombs in ways that made Jaune queasy. Entries in the scroll detailed the myriad effects of her work, from one that caused skins to fall off bodies to another that boiled people from the inside. He asked Lisa to keep the conventional explosives, the two or three devices that created a big fireball and nothing more exotic beyond that. Otherwise, the Points balance swelled further as his Pocket emptied. It bumped them up another 1,700 Points, all told.

Jaune paused his cooking to trade victory high-fives with Lisa and Escha. From a single trip, they've passed the ten thousand mark in one fell swoop.

Next up were the rifles. He had Lisa to thank for their addition. After seizing control of Coil's phone, she had arranged for delivery of the shipment, hence why a crate was sitting in the alley upon their exit. They shot lasers, which he admitted was pretty cool, and the pew-pew noise spoke to his very soul. However, their firepower underwhelmed him; the laser guns were a bit more effective than regular guns, that's all. Cleaner shots that burn through flesh, hampered by limited ammunition. Most of their value on the Marketplace came from aesthetics, by his reckoning.

Since nobody on their team was particularly enamored with the rifles, they decided on selling the lot. That netted them an extra 2,500 hundred Points.

But, that was not the end.

"You want to sell the halberd?" Lisa asked to confirm. "Not gonna hang it up on a wall as a trophy? God, I'd love to watch the look on Armsmaster's face if he knew."

"You know, now I'm kind of tempted." A dark thought crossed his mind. If the guy still has a face. "Ah well, the Points mattered more for us at the moment." Not to mention, he already had a memento in the collection of pictures saved on his scroll featuring their team striking various poses with the halberd, so it's no big loss letting go of the physical object. There were also a few bad memories associated with it that he'd prefer to not be reminded of everyday. "Do it, Lisa."

With a soft ding, the halberd faded from reality, and they became 3,200 Points richer. Lisa recorded the full balance based on the usual 1:3:1 split, with adjustments for the amount Jaune spent on his own which he had no leg to stand on to complain about. The end result was greeted by pleased smiles all around.

"I do enjoy seeing numbers go up," Lisa happily chirped.

The last crepe came off the pan and, buoyed by the good mood, their breakfast began on quite a high note.

Crepes could be either savory or sweet. Jaune preferred the latter for a lazy morning—it set the tone right. That meant cream and diced fruits (strawberries, bananas, and apples) to accompany the meal, with each person filling the thin pancakes to suit.

The fruits were less fresh than he would have liked. Living on the frontier, he had grown used to nearby farmers coming around with basketfuls of the choicest picks from their harvests, the stuff that people gifted to their close friends and neighbors before the rest got shipped off to the big city. These were… good enough, for a meal he whipped up on a whim. The centerpiece was a kiwi-looking fruit from Astera, which Escha insisted that both Jaune and Lisa taste. The tartness paired well with the crepe.

It did make him smile to see the cream was a big hit. He wouldn't call it a family recipe, more a regional thing with everybody in the settlement following the same basic steps. Still, every happy little hum his companions gave as they ate boosted his hometown pride.

A plate of shredded cabbages sat next to the other dishes, there for them to snack on so they could squeeze out every last Experience Point for their adventurer cards.

By chance, Lisa was looking at her card as she bit down on her crepe, and she struck upon a fortuitous discovery related to the leveling process. The flour and strawberries did nothing of note, but she earned a few points to her next level when she ate a slice of the kiwi. 'Bioenergy', 'soul', whatever people called them, there was an overlap somewhere that translated their properties, and it cemented Jaune's determination to seek out tasty dishes out in the multiverse.

Of course, he doubted the finest cuisine could beat the simplest method. It turned out that he was a higher level than the others, now. Lisa and Escha measured at level 3, a result that came about from the cabbages they've been consuming. He, on the other hand, clocked in at level 6. The guild receptionist back in Axel, Luna, informed him that killing foes yielded better points than food. Evidently, that included more than monsters—people were fair game.

He didn't quite know how to feel about the fact that a life could be reduced to numbers on a piece of paper, recorded as some sort of stepping stone to a prize, like one of those punch cards that would get him a freebie at shops he frequented often. To complicate matters, he harbored misgivings on if these levels were worth pursuing to begin with.

The skills gained from the cards worked in odd ways, ill-defined and limited. Yes, [Sense Rabbit] was a perfect ability that anyone anywhere could benefit from so long as killer rabbits continue to roam the land. [Markmanship] might be synergising with the gunlance, albeit he found it difficult to tell whether the sense of certainty he got when he aimed the cannon was due to the Skill, or just plain skill. It didn't guarantee a hit. He definitely can miss his targets, seen during the fight with Lung and Armsmaster; good aiming couldn't stop opponents from moving around.

And then there was [Set Bait Trap] to round out his current repertoire. What did it do, and how did it work? He had no clue. Certainly, the cardboard box propped on a wooden stick tied to a large strawberry he had arranged on the table possessed all the elements of the skill. The baited trap was set.

Yet, the bitterbug Escha retrieved from the terrarium was sitting near it now and the big, blue beetle showed no interest in taking the bait. For all intents and purposes, the Skill bore zero effects.

He tried poking the bug. It crawled a little further away in the complete opposite direction of the box. Beyond that, there appeared no visible developments to either the trap or the bug besides causing Lisa to scoot her chair to maintain distance from the insect, thoroughly creeped out by its skittering limbs.

That disgust reminded him of something he had been meaning to ask her.

"How come you're no good with bugs, but were okay with spiders?"

"Eh? What do you—" She stopped. Green eyes flicked up from the laptop screen, looking over at him. "Where did you hear that from?"

He dusted off the last bite of his crepe, and gave a shrug. "Glory Girl brought it up that the Undersiders sicced a bunch of spiders on people at the bank you robbed."

"Of course she did. That idiot loves to run her mouth."

Trying hard not to frown, he affected casualness. "Did it really happen?"

"Yes, it did," she replied without the slightest pause, and observed him carefully.

"Lisa…" He searched for the best way to put this. It's important that Lisa didn't think he was accusing her. Whatever else, he considered her his friend. "What the hell?"

Nailed it.

The girl rolled her eyes, putting on a little grin. She sat straighter in her seat.

"Hmm. I'm sensing some discontent. Did Glory Girl put nasty ideas in your head about mean, old Tattletale? Personally, I wouldn't have gone to a person with an agenda if I wanted to hear an honest take." She raised up her hands. "But, I mean, that's just me. You might be different."

Ouch. She's all kinds of prickly today.

"Look, it's not that I'm believing other people—"

"Aren't you?" she asked, a tad shirty.

"I'm not basing my entire opinion on it, is what I'm trying to say," he amended. "But I am curious." He held up his hand, pinching the thumb and index finger together. "Maybe a tiny bit concerned, too. There was mention of hostages."

Sitting on the table, Escha nodded along with him. Nervous, she nibbled on her crepe, employing it as cover to hide her face behind.

Lisa closed her laptop. "Alright, fine. Let's have this conversation."

A brief moment passed in silence as she regarded him with a cool air. Her nails tapped a rapid beat on the table.

"I want you to consider a hypothetical," she began.

"What does this have to do with the spider thing?"

"Humor me. Assume you're going into a fight. Now, you have the option of using your Aura, or you can pilot a giant robot to do it. Which do you choose?"

Jaune pondered the question as he assembled another crepe for his plate, spooning a couple chunks of apples atop the thin pancake and adding a dollop of cream. He didn't start on eating it, instead leaning back in the seat.

Either option sounded like a trap, but the giant robot offered a breadth of destructive potential that he couldn't match on his own.

"I'd take the robot."

"It doesn't come with a manual," Lisa added, causing Jaune to falter.

"Ah. Well, okay, that's a little more complicated, then."

"Because you might lose control of the robot, right? Better to rely on Aura than risk it?" Lisa continued in one breadth. "What people don't understand is that Skitter can achieve complete, total control over her bugs. Bugs for her are like Aura for you. She can make them reenact a ballroom dance, were she so inclined. Got that?"

"Can she—"

"Yes," Lisa declared with utmost certainty, despite [Blank] ensuring his thoughts were a closed book to her. "Within her range, insects become an extension of her mind. They can't do anything she doesn't want them to." Suddenly, Lisa snickered. She slapped a hand on the table before pointing at him. "But that's not the real issue for you, is it? No, it's about me."

"You're the planner," Jaune said, confirming the deduction. "If Skitter wanted to use venomous spiders and take hostages, that had to run through you. You wouldn't make the mistake of overlooking it."

"Flatterer. You give me too much credit." Lisa feigned shyness, squirming from side to side. She dropped the act in the next second, speaking fast. "I did give Skitter the okay, to tell the truth. Do you have black widow spiders in your world?"

Jaune nodded. "If you mean the ones with the long, creepy legs and that red hourglass on their backs, then yeah. We don't get them around my region, but I've seen them in movies. They bite people."

"They do, they definitely do. So, answer me this. In what cases are they deadly?"

"Every case," he said at once.

"Bzzt. Wrong. They have, like, less than a one percent mortality rate in my country."

Jaune balked. "Wait, what? No way! They're some of the deadliest spiders out there!"

"Yes way," asserted Lisa. "Movies push the story that they're sacs full of venom leaping at your face, but black widows pose a danger mostly to children and the elderly, people who are already pretty off-limits when it comes to a bank robbery. And I took that into account beforehand. We were at the bank on a school day, at lunch time. Older folks like to go in the morning when the lines are shorter, because a lot of them can't wait on their feet for that long. Children don't have a reason to be in a bank at all, and especially not during school hours. The plan was designed so that the chances of anyone getting hurt is so remote, it's nearly impossible." She sat back in her chair, plucking a strawberry and popping it in her mouth, a grin still present. This time, of satisfaction.

On the one hand, what she claimed sounded reasonable. He could follow the steps in her logic. On the other, he lacked a frame of reference to determine if that's true or not. He didn't go to banks.

A look at Escha earned him no help. She didn't seem to know what a bank was in the first place, her behavior indicating a cat that was thoroughly lost.

There was a spot of cream on her nose. That, she understood, and it has begun to occupy much of her attention.

"Glory Girl was so freaked out about it, though," Jaune said, just to have something to say.

Lisa shook her head. "Black widows look scary and have a bad rep. That's exactly why Skitter brought them, and why she told the people inside the bank how 'dangerous'"—she formed air quotes—"the spiders clinging onto them were, so none of them would think of trying stupid heroics. Because 'everybody knows' that black widow spiders are absolute killers. They weren't in any real danger, it was just—"

"Fear, like playing ghosts!" Escha exclaimed, perking up with a relieved smile on her face.

Jaune stared down at his plate. He took a bite of his food, not quite tasting it. "Fear, like the Grimm."

Lisa quickly raised a finger to object. "More what Escha pointed out. It's a valid strategy." She fidgeted when he didn't agree. "It just makes sense."

"Against an enemy, I guess," Jaune said. "Not a civilian."

Spreading terror among the populace? There's a very real reason the White Fang were so reviled. Fear in one's heart summoned fear in monstrous forms.

The girl leaned forward, palms on the table. "Did you think people were actually scared? They were gonna go home with a story to tell, none the worse for wear, and they knew it. Cape fights are a show, and the money we stole would be taken care of by insurance. It's all theatrics."

"Bakuda's victims would disagree with you."

"Bakuda is an outlier. She's legitimately insane."

"She's still a cape. It can't be fun and games as you claim when a city might get blown up whenever."

"No, you don't get it," she argued. "A lot of capes aren't in a good headspace, but they're better than her. They understand the rules to this game of cops and robbers we play. At that bank, do you know what would have inspired more fear, and been deadlier?"

"More spiders?"

"Hehe!" She clamped down on the unbidden laugh. "No, silly man. I'm talking about guns. The weapon that the vast majority of bank robbers prefer to use when committing their crimes. You make a spider bite someone's face, they'll probably survive and fight back. You shoot someone in the face, they die. If we had gone that route, I guarantee you the response from the authorities would be different; they wouldn't have messed around with sending in the Wards team. In their eyes, we were playing kiddie games."

"I… Okay, I can see that. They can't be crazy enough to send a twelve-year-old into a hail of bullets," he said, thinking of Vista. "Although, Glory Girl told me you shot her."

Which meant a gun was involved.

"Shot once. At a girl with a forcefield that can take a bullet. I knew how her power works, and tailored my actions accordingly. In any other circumstance, the gun would have stayed in my purse. Hang on one moment."

She opened up her laptop, and Jaune heard her fingers dancing on the keyboard. A final click, and she turned the screen around for him to look.

After a while, he spoke. "Lisa, what am I looking at here?"

"My gun. At least, a similar model," Lisa answered, her smile widening.

Jaune studied the stubby object again. He hesitated to call it a handgun, as it was smaller than the hand in the picture with an almost nonexistent barrel. To his knowledge, a rough measure of the caliber placed it between puny and laughable. It wouldn't kill a Grimm even after a hundred rounds.

"That's your gun?" he asked, incredulous.

"Sure. Uh-huh."

"I'd be more scared of the spiders than that."

"Right? It's not good for much except to make someone think 'Gun!' and then panic. That's the entire point of it!"

"Fear," he repeated, but it lacked the previous sensation of a pit in his stomach.

"Shock," Lisa corrected. "A jumpscare, if your world has the concept of horror movies."

"We do, but…"

He didn't really have an idea of where he was leading with that. The image of the weapon simply failed to register as a threat. Even without Aura, he was confident that he could take on someone armed with that gun.

Lisa waited to see if he would continue, before replying, "There are rules, and I'm always mindful to toe the line. If anything, it's Glory Girl that broke it. She pulled my arm out of its socket that day. I had to pop it back in before I could make my escape." She caught his wince. "Yeah, it wasn't fun for me, and waaay overboard. The whole debacle came down to Glory Girl taking it too seriously. She acted like the Undersiders used Grimm to rob a bank, when it was just bugs. It's stupid."

Despite himself, Jaune gave a small laugh. Put that way, he had to agree that it seemed excessive. One was the reason why people cry, and sleep with the lights on. The other was considered pests at worst. There's no comparing the two, beside the spider Grimm that lives in Vacuo.

"So… Are we okay?" Lisa asked.

He composed himself, and leveled a serious look at her. "Please, don't ever think I'll be fine with taking hostages, even as a charade."

"Yup. Never would. I'm not that kind of girl anymore," she assured him.

"Then—"

*Thud*

"Ahhh!"

He, and Lisa, snapped their gazes to the box that was now sliding every which way on the table. Escha's cries emanated from within.

The box soon reached the edge, and went over to take Escha along with it. Between her paws, she held a strawberry. The fruit had tempted her before it did the bitterbug, it seemed, thus springing the trap.

A brief silence followed, before the pair still sitting at the table burst out laughing.

"Yeah, we're okay," Jaune said, before getting up to check on the felyne.

After making sure that Escha was unhurt, which was rather perfunctory considering her Aura, their day continued on.

Plants needed watering, and insects needed feeding. Both had survived well during their absence, sheer vitality overcoming the shortfall in sustenance. That did not save Jaune from rebuke, of course, and he received quite a lecture by Escha as he helped her tend to her garden.

Lisa, meanwhile, worked on the analytical side of things. Leveling up the adventurer cards had granted them skill points. They've agreed to save them up for the moment, since the abilities available at this time were of dubious use. The increased stats fascinated her, however, and she insisted on setting down benchmarks so they could estimate their future progress, which translated to a bunch of graphs on the laptop.

Jaune assumed she was doing actual work, and left her to it.

Training took the better part of the afternoon. Besides the usual conditioning and combat skills, he added the beginnings of ground-fighting to the mix. Where to strike, what to watch out for, and the like. There were no spars on that front yet, to Lisa's great relief. (She complained enough about the regular sparring, anyhow.)

It culminated in the first ever ranking tournament among their team. They kept it light, with Jaune going very easy on the others—literally, strapping one hand behind his back. Even then, he restrained himself to gentle shoves, simply testing out his companions' defenses to see where they stand in their training. Lisa and Escha went at it with more seriousness for their bout.

Lisa lost that one. She accepted the defeat with the grace she was known for.

Evening arrived, and it was decided that their newest member would get the first movie viewing in her life. Escha had no real clue of what they were talking about, but was eager to experience it.

Lacking popcorn for snacks, they made do with cabbages.

…Lisa sent him into the kitchen to scrounge up a spread of cheeses and meats.

Anyway, as darkness fell outside the window, Jaune turned off the lights and sat down on one side of the couch, Lisa on the other. Escha chose to plop herself between them. On the table before them rested the laptop.

The opening scene played, and from then on Escha was hooked. With an open-mouthed smile, she bounced on the cushion as she followed the story, paws waving up and down in uncontrolled excitement.

Neither he nor Lisa were familiar with the movie, but she told him a few minutes in that it's 'basically Mulan in space'. Whatever that meant, he enjoyed it. The animation style was charming, the songs were catchy, and the plot that was shaping up resonated with him. He's all for a story where an ill-qualified nobody defrauded their way into an army, learning the relevant skills on the job to shore up the gap and, presumably, grow into a hero by the end.

Hell yeah, he was rooting for the girl on the screen.

And giant robots were cool. Let's not forget that.

At around the midway point, where events were taking a dramatic turn, he peeled his eyes from the movie to look at Lisa.

"I've been meaning to ask," he said quietly. "Are you better now?"

"Hm?" She turned to meet his gaze.

"Yesterday, when we were talking over the phone, you became kind of… off. And once we met up, it looked like you had been crying."

He expected a scoff, maybe a biting retort. He froze as Lisa gave a long sigh and rested her head on his shoulder. Her legs curled up onto the couch.

"That was because I lost my powers."

"What!?" he yelped.

Below, Escha shushed him. She hadn't paid any attention to the conversation.

"Then I got it back," Lisa added, to give him pause.

"Oh. That's… good?" Jaune settled down a little. It still seemed a matter that warranted a lot of panicking, but the girl's calm demeanor threw him off. "How did you lose it in the first place?"

"Well, I always thought the migraines were a result of using my brain too hard. That's the prevailing theory for Thinker headaches," Lisa explained in a murmur as she returned her gaze to the movie. "After I turned on [Blank], I didn't get them anymore."

"I know. You were over the moon about it."

She nodded, though their position made it look more like she was rubbing her cheek against his shoulder. "It was amazing. That whole day in Brockton Bay, I let my power run free for every little thing. I used it nonstop, just because I could."

"And when did it shut off?"

"I… I'm not sure. I didn't realize it was gone at first. It felt like normal, you know? But then you asked me to help with Lung, and the details kept slipping my mind. I looked up, and suddenly I couldn't tell what the people surrounding me would do next." She shivered. "Scariest sight I've ever seen."

Jaune turned off [Blank].

Lisa giggled. "You're fine. By now, I can read you like a book no matter what."

"Is that a good thing? I don't feel like that's a good thing."

"It is."

For his peace of mind, [Blank] came back on.

"So, what does it mean?" he asked. "You said you got your powers back. Is it just on the fritz, then?"

"What does [Blank] do, Jaune? What is it built for?"

"It prevents mind-reading."

"Not exactly right, but close enough. It doesn't matter much, because the question we should be asking is this: by whom."

Lisa's migraines faded away after she activated [Blank] for herself. What did that imply?

"Oh, boy," Jaune muttered.

"Mmhm. People believe that Thinker headaches are failsafes to prevent our brains from overheating. I'm starting to suspect that they're wrong."

That her power was not hers alone. That someone or something else had a hand on the lever. Until that ceased working, in which case they resorted to the on/off button.

"I'm still figuring out the reasons why the migraines occur, and why my powers came back. It's a bit worrying, but I'll deal with it."

"You could—and this is just a suggestion—you could shut your powers down for good. That'll solve the problem."

"Can't. It's what I bring to the table."

"That doesn't matter. You're a part of this team, with or without it. You understand that, right?"

"I know," she replied with a tiny grin. "I want to solve this mystery, though. Maybe there will be an answer waiting ahead to explain everything, and a solution. So, I'll stick with it."

Faced with that determination, Jaune could only say one thing.

"Got it. Let me know how I can help."

And with that, all was settled. For now.

The pair returned their attention to the laptop screen. What fears and doubts they had, they pushed to tomorrow so that they may enjoy the night. Perhaps it's a foolish, short-sighted notion. Sue them, they were young.

"...Are you going to keep your head like that?"

"Yep. You have comfortable shoulders. Problem?"

"No, no. I've heard that said before. I'm just starting to wonder if I haven't picked up two cats instead of one."

Her hand lightly batted at him.

"See, that's not really convincing me otherwise. Escha, you agree, don't you—"

A furry paw slapped over his mouth.

"Shoosh," Escha said. Her eyes were riveted on the movie, filled with wonder.

Jaune and Lisa shared a look, and smiled.


Author's notes: Baaack~

My first fanfic, Yakuza Arc, has reached the end, clocking in at 63 chapters and 350k words. Rode that high for days.
Stories:
QQ Sneaking His Way into the Multiverse , a RWBY Jaune, WC-lite mechanics story.
Other RWBY stories on AO3 or FF - Yakuza Arc | Conquered Menagerie: Annals of the Sixth Kingdom | Cat, Bunny, and the Good Ship Honey Starbright | The Agent
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, RSR2000, Arkan10 and 768 others
LazyAutumnMoon
Jul 27, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 42: This is a Drinking Story
View content
LazyAutumnMoon
LazyAutumnMoon
We all need Sundancer in our life.
JoinedJun 7, 2024
Messages289
Likes received68,284
Aug 4, 2025
Add bookmark
#2,583
Chapter 42: This is a Drinking Travel Story​

On the first day, they rested. On the second, they prepared.

On the third, bright-eyed and bushy-tailed, they were back at it again. A new world awaited.

-o-​

Danger Rating 0. What did that mean? Well, they wanted to find out.

Here, it meant a bright blue sky and the sparkling sea. It meant cheerful passersby and smiles. Jaune sat on the concrete balustrade dividing the road from the water, eyes shut as he leaned back to enjoy the warm breeze; the temperature was perfect for shorts and a t-shirt. He listened to the ocean waves crashing onto shore, his breaths matching to the rhythm.

Despite how vulnerable he appeared at the moment, nothing in the surrounding environment tried to attack him. The people walking by were content to leave him be, with neither street toughs nor inquisitive lawmen deciding to accost him on such and such pretext. In fact, there were not even raised voices to ruin his mood, the sound of pedestrians a murmur compared to the cawing seagulls. It's a far cry from the sort of raucous din that one got in a city like Vale.

Almost an hour in, and he has yet to find trouble.

How peaceful.

Hearing a sigh next to him, Jaune cracked open an eye. Escha was also squatting on the balustrade, stretching her body luxuriously as she enjoyed all this open air so unlike the box that was their quarters. She looked twice as fluffy as usual, her fur whipped up by the wind.

"What do you think, Escha?"

"It's shoooo relaxing…" Escha answered, her little tail swishing at a lazy pace.

Jaune gave a light chuckle. "It is. It really is. I've been waiting for the other shoe to drop, but I'm starting to think it never will. Would you want to live in a place like this?"

Escha placed a paw under her chin, mulling over the idea. She panned her gaze across their surroundings, noting in particular the fishing boats far out off the coast and the ample shades provided by the palm trees lining the street.

"I don't see any monsters," she said. "It's weird."

"Good weird or bad weird?"

"Good!"

The clues were there. People didn't go armed and ready for a fight to break out. Ships traveled the ocean unopposed, with not a single cannon in sight. These big aircrafts would arrive from other lands, and they were plagued with a distinct absence of Nevermores, dragons, and other nasty beasts.

And if he needed confirmation beyond what his eyes could see, then the newspaper by his hand was it. The articles were in Japanese, so he had to rely on a text-translation app on his phone to turn the random lines he scanned over into understandable words. The haphazard way he went about it meant that he missed huge segments of details, but he got the gist.

The newspaper reported on heavy topics like which team won the baseball game last night, the alarming prevalence of college drinking, and the state of the economy. The world news section spoke of troubles in far-off lands with a sense of detachment, urging humanitarian aid and an 'international response' as the solutions. No mention of sending in the Huntsmen/capes/adventurers/espers, no warnings of Grimm/Endbringer/cabbages/memetic virus.

Danger Rating 0. A little corner of the world, at peace.

"Okinawa, huh?" he said half to himself, looking out across the wide sea as sunlight glinted off the water. "Grand blue, indeed…"

"Ja~aune, Es~cha! I'm back!"

The pair twisted in their seats to look behind, spotting Lisa waving to them as she crossed the street.

And it was Lisa, rather than Tattletale, because the girl had swapped out her costume within five minutes of their arrival—it would have stood out too much. In place of the skintight bodysuit, she wore a light jacket over white camisole, plus a long skirt. With her hair in a bun, the ensemble rather lent the impression of a sweet, modest girl from a well-to-do family.

Well, she was rich, at least.

"Did you manage to pawn off the coins?" Jaune asked. They still owned a good supply of the gold coins to fund their travels, not to mention the gold bar.

Lisa directed a sly grin at him, and held up her hands. Two thick sheaves of paper bills spread out, decorated with stylized borders and art; the number '10,000' was printed on the front-most bill.

"Who do you think I am? It went off without a hitch, of course," she bragged. "They think I'm either a lucky tourist that found sunken treasure, or CIA—a secret agent," she explained for his benefit. With a smug grin, she began fanning herself with the sheaves of money. "I haggled for us a pretty nice rate, so we're living the good life today."

"Nice!" Jaune cheered.

What was the point of going to a Danger Rating 0 world? In a word, house-hunting. They needed a base, a world they could retreat to where they face little risks to their lives. This was their first chance to experience one such place.

That said, while safety ranked among the chief considerations, it was far from the sole factor. Ready access to daily necessities and food counted for a lot. Comfort and peace of mind, too. Living mattered.

Lisa put it best. Remnant didn't need a neurotic husk of a man, stolen of hope and joy. A person like that… might never reach the finish line.

With a shudder, Jaune shoved those dark thoughts aside. Now was the time to be happy. Everyday was a time to be happy. He put on a smile, and swung off the balustrade.

"Well, no sense sitting around. What's our next step, Lisa?"

"I asked the guy from the pawnshop about places to stay, and he pointed me to a rental agency. I went there and flashed some cash to book us a house for a few days. It's a few miles down the coast. We'll grab a taxi there."

Finding a taxi cost them all but a minute. The area had a dozen of them lying in wait for tourists like their group, pouncing upon them the moment they stepped up to the edge of the sidewalk. They piled into the backseat, with Escha feigning normal cat-ness from then on, and away they went.

The entire drive, Jaune had his face pressed to the glass.

Cities—plural—dotted the long, curved coastline, and he marveled at their construction for they never seemed to have an end. The neighborhoods may grow sparse at the outskirts, but homes lay scattered deep into the forest and mountains, with not a single defensive wall to be seen. The nearby islands had been populated, with boats docked in piers or hotels rising high above the trees. Civilization continued on as far as the eyes could see, unbound from borders. From fear.

It's beautiful.

All too soon, they arrived at their destination.

The place Lisa rented pressed right up against a small beach, with a footpath leading from the house down to the water. Jaune stepped inside to a comfortable space that could have accommodated a few more people than just him, Lisa, and Escha. The design featured a great deal of white—white tiles, white walls, and so on. Clean and tidy, it lacked the lived-in feeling of a real home, but he supposed it was suited for guests seeking a short stay with no fuss.

Escha bounded up the stairs to explore the second floor. Jaune followed her to find the felyne in one of the bedrooms, bouncing up and down on the bed. That left two other rooms for the taking, and he picked the larger one for himself. Lisa was sure to protest, so he staked his claim by pulling some of his belongings from his Pocket and dropping them about.

Once that was done, he returned to the first floor with Escha on his heels. A quick run through the kitchen and a storage room, and their exploration came to an end to put them back in the main living room, staring through the glass of the wide patio doors.

"There's a pool here!" he exclaimed. It's a small one, meant more for relaxation than serious swimming. Even so, he couldn't remember the last time he had been in a pool, and could hardly wait to jump in.

Lisa, who was lounging on the couch and browsing the inter-net with her phone, read his intention the instant he reached for the door handle.

"Hey now," she called out to him. "Let's leave that for later. I want to head into the town."

"Oh? Anything you're looking for in particular?" he asked.

Lisa shook her head. "Just to check on prices and goods. You can tell a lot about a country by what's available for people to buy. I'm reading up on headlines and things, but a firsthand look will help me get a better sense of day-to-day life. There's no guarantee this world doesn't have problems."

Right, because they've visited multiple Earths and witnessed wild divergences between them. Lisa's knowledge might well not apply, especially if they considered that this was the other side of the planet from her home.

"I'm down for that," he said, nodding. "We've been cooped inside for days, and I'd rather not sit around any longer than I have to. Are we walking?"

"It's not far. There's a market, like, a couple blocks over and a shopping street near that."

He should have known it wouldn't be so simple. By the second hour, checking prices had become Lisa browsing clothing racks for deals and trying on outfits, and it occurred to Jaune that his companion was simply indulging in her hobby, with him present to carry her bags—a task in which he excelled due to his dimensional pocket. All the space he managed to make was now slowly filling up again, with additional bags sitting by his feet that Lisa had in no uncertain terms warned him to keep his eyes off of.

Years of experience allowed him to take it in good stride, better than Escha at any rate.

"Jaune, I'm boooored…" the felyne said, wiggling on her back as she laid on a chair.

Jaune reached down and rubbed her head. "It's just a little longer."

"You said that twice already!"

He averted his gaze from the accusing glare, knowing full well that Lisa would be at it for hours yet. She was at the back of the store, talking to the clerk in an animated fashion, presumably about fashion. She wore an unguarded expression that he thought suited her. It softened her features.

Spotting him looking, Lisa gave a small wave of her hand. He returned the gesture, and when she raised a pair of jeans, her head cocked to silently ask his opinion, he showed a thumbs-up. Satisfied, she made for the fitting room.

"What was different about those pants?" Escha asked curiously. "It looks the same as the last pair."

"Bigger holes, bigger tears, more fraying at the knees," Jaune listed out.

"Oh! So it's cheaper!"

He held up a hand to stop her there. "Now, I didn't say that. If this is anything like home, that pair of jeans would sell at a premium."

The idea threw Escha for a loop, and she stopped fidgeting to ponder this over.

"I dun get it…" was the conclusion she arrived at. She stared up at him, expecting him to explain.

He, simply, shrugged. No fashion guru, was Jaune Arc.

(Well, that wasn't really the truth. Nora once mentioned how the tears and frays told a story. That they insinuate. What, he never asked, but the way Nora waggled her eyebrows in Ren's direction while saying that told him enough.)

Lisa exited of the fitting room, the pair of jeans slung over an arm. She dropped it in the pile of clothing marked for purchase, and left the task to the clerk while she rejoined them. Her outfit had changed, the skirt switched with shorts to give her a lively air.

"Oh. My. God! This place is such a find!" she gushed. "I can't believe some rinky-dink shopping street on a tiny island had so many good choices!"

Jaune laughed, and said, "I am a bit jealous of it. My hometown had—has three clothing shops, and we thought that made us the fashion capital of the region." The sheer breadth of options on display here was best compared to that in the city of Vale, which he maintained beat out Earth on overall style and uniqueness. Pricier, though.

Lisa nodded. "Brockton Bay isn't at that level of pathetic ("Oi!"), but a bunch of the malls closed down over the years. Everybody does their shopping on the Boardwalk, and their selection is never that great. I didn't realize how bad the clothing industry has gotten until now. It always seemed normal even before I dropped by the east coast."

And wasn't that telling? A spot outside the island's main city, an island that by all accounts numbered just one among many that formed the country of Japan, could afford to ship in premium goods. Meanwhile, the America of Lisa's universe had gone for years with inferior merchandise, long enough that it became the norm.

An Earth like this held promise. It's a treasure trove in a very mundane sense.

The clerk finished bagging Lisa's new clothes. Money exchanged hands, and Jaune moved to pick up the lot while they chatted. Seeing him walk to the door, Escha clambered off her chair; she made sure to stay on four legs to give the impression of a normal, albeit large, cat. Eager to leave, she shoved against the heavy glass door to nudge it open.

Jaune felt a tug on his clothes, pulling him up short.

"Where are you going?" Lisa asked when he turned back.

"...Out?" he said with a touch of uncertainty.

Lisa went around him, planting her hands on his back and pushing him away from the door. "Nuh-uh, we're not done. It's your turn now."

Jaune frowned, and dug in his heels. Lisa came to a sudden stop, unable to budge him.

"I don't need new clothes, I've got plenty."

"How are you gonna swim without swim trunks, genius? Go naked?"

Instantly, the clerk was by their side, adding her strength to Lisa's in order to push him deeper into the store.

"I would be happy to help you! Please, come this way. We have a new line of top-branded, competitive swimwear that would be perfect for you."

"Oh?" Jaune asked, somewhat curious.

"Yes, it is a highly efficient style engineered to minimize drag and reduce space in your luggage."

That, admittedly, sounded convenient. "I guess I can take a look."

With a piteous meow, Escha let go of the door. She flopped on the ground, and laid there motionless for the next hour.

For… reasons, Jaune rejected the swimwear choices recommended to him, and opted for what he thought was more his style. White trunks with printed palm leaves in red, reaching his knees—the latter a firm requirement despite vehement protest from all corners.

Much of their afternoon was spent at the fish market where Escha, that shameless cat, performed an immediate about-face. She insisted that they linger at each market stall to take in the scent of the fish on offer, meowing in protest should they try to move on before she could study in great depth the choicest cuts of that day's catch. Any offer of free samples must be accepted, the wares tasted and reviewed.

Felynes possessed a wider range of expressiveness than normal cats, and Escha stretched that to the limits, directing soulful eyes that should never have been possible toward the shopkeepers. Those who proved magnanimous in feeding her were treated to darling purrs that strung together in what almost sounded like music.

It was. In a reverie, Esha had by accident broken into a rendition of her 'I Has Fish' song. People overlooked it, since cats couldn't sing.

The market made good money on them that day, as Escha clamored for Jaune and Lisa to buy pound after pound of fish. By sunset, Jaune once again found his Pocket filled near to the brim with clothes and tuna, prompting a trip back to the rental house to stow them away.

Due to the time, cooking went out the window. They ended up eating at a local restaurant down the road, a casual place that served both food and alcohol. It was the first shop they tried that didn't mind the presence of a cat, allowing Escha to hop on a seat at their booth. Jaune sat beside her and he used his bulk to obscure her less feline mannerisms. Lisa took the opposite bench, where she perused the menu with a text-translation app open on her phone. They were content to let her order for their table, though he and Escha chimed in with their preferences—whatever was the local delicacy for him and tuna for her.

As they waited for their meal, Jaune cast his gaze around the restaurant. It's a neat-looking design where the large central room provided a communal atmosphere, bright and airy. Meanwhile, paper sliding doors granted access to smaller rooms that could stay closed for private functions, or open to enjoy the general ambience.

A fish tank set against one wall featured a number of tropical species in varying sizes and hues, adding a splash of color to the wooden tones of the shop.

The restaurant seemed popular, because in a span of ten minutes since their arrival, it grew from a few scattered groups of customers to a boisterous crowd. The room became so loud that Jaune nearly missed the waiter setting down their food, the clatter of plates lost in the din.

It's a stark contrast from the polite demeanor of pedestrians they pass by throughout the morning and afternoon. He preferred this, in truth.

"Japan sure is different between day and night, huh?" Jaune commented as they began eating. The local specialty turned out to be a braised pork belly dish, stewed in sauce and cut into cubes. He left that for later and went for the raw tuna slices first, which put him at immediate odds with Escha. Their forks vied for control of the plate.

Lisa did not share his easy outlook, her face stormy. "The tourist guide I looked up said Japanese etiquette valued silence. I guess that's a big, fat lie." She stabbed a dumpling with her chopsticks, spearing it on the ends.

"...I knew we should have rented a banquet hall…"

"...Can't take our club anywhere… this is so embarrassing…"

"I'm going to apologize to them."

"Chisa, no! We can pretend we don't know those guys!"

The words spat out by the phone hanging around Jaune's neck did not originate from their booth, but the table behind them. He turned around just as a head poked over the divider.

The girl was near his age from the look of it, sporting short brown hair. She seemed quite unhappy judging by the scowl, though it detracted little from her pretty features. The glance to the side told him that her ire was directed elsewhere.

She was taken aback by the sight of Jaune's and Lisa's blond hair, needing a moment to compose herself. Then, she said in halting English, "I am very sorry to bother you."

"That's okay," Jaune answered before Lisa could snipe a retort at the new face.

The girl blinked. Her eyes lowered to the device laying on Jaune's chest, where his voice speaking Japanese had emanated from. She switched to the same in her surprise. "What was that?"

She grew even more astounded as a robotic approximation of her voice spoke aloud in English.

"I'm using translation software," Jaune clarified. He gave a sheepish shrug of his shoulders. "I don't actually know the language."

A second head peeked over the divider. This person was older, and shared similarities to the first girl. A sister, then. With soft features and a sweet smile, she seemed… kind.

"Is everything alright, Chisa?" Finding Jaune and Lisa staring at her, she bowed her head. "Ah, excuse me, my name is Kotegawa Nanaka"—her gaze tracked to the phone as she spoke—"and I do hope that my friends are not troubling you too much, they tend to get rowdy—that's amazing!" she suddenly exclaimed with delight. "How does it work so fast?"

The commotion at their table had drawn a few more eyes. Two boys and another girl.

"It's proprietary tech, I'm afraid," Lisa cut in, feigning a chipper attitude. She continued with a prepared excuse. "We're testers for the software, hence our little vaycay to Okinawa. What better way to challenge it to the limits than with a complicated language like Japanese?"

"And it translates instantly?" asked one of the newcomers, a boy with black hair. He's an expressive one, his mouth wide open as he peered closely at the phone. "Whoooa. Technology has come so far!"

"Wait, we're getting sidetracked," said the girl named Chisa. "Our club is bothering them, Iori. Can you ask the other members to be quieter?"

The boy, Iori, tilted his head to the side. "But this is us toning it down, though."

Jaune turned to look over the room, where twenty-odd guys were screaming at the top of their lungs. He wasn't even sure if they were talking. At this volume, it's all noise.

Chisa dropped her face into her palm. "I am so, so sorry for these idiots."

"It's quite fine," replied Lisa. "I'm happy to have experienced firsthand the culture here. It's… illuminating."

The pair of sisters and the third girl winced at the comment, catching the barbs in the subtext. Iori, however, brightened up.

"See? It's no problem." He looked from Jaune to Lisa. "I'm Kitahara Iori, nice to meet you."

"Jaune Arc, and likewise." Jaune glanced at Lisa for a beat, then continued. "This is Lisa, and our cat, Escha." He paused there to squint at the felyne and the plate in front of her that has one measly piece of tuna remaining. Escha pointedly refused to meet his gaze, though she nudged the plate toward him with her nose to offer up the final bite. "As Lisa mentioned, we're on a sort of work-vacation thing."

"It sounds like a fun job," Iori said, smiling brightly and appearing to all the world like he was glad for them. "If you're in need of data, why don't you join us? We have lots of food."

Jaune shared a look with Lisa. A slight nod conveyed his thoughts—he wanted to accept the offer. Lisa cocked an eyebrow at that. Still, she relented easily enough.

"I suppose that's a fair way of showing you're sorry," she allowed, which decided it.

Two minutes and twenty seconds. The time it took for strangers to become something more. That, was Jaune's first introduction to Club Peek-a-Boo.

They seemed nice.

Small and unimportant, but perhaps that's why it mattered he makes an effort to know them, even if they wouldn't be there tomorrow. Even if saying farewell hurts.

He wished to not be the kind of man who would leave such small things by the wayside again.

-o-​

Jaune and the others were quickly drawn into the revelries, with Lisa and Escha pulled over to the next table to join the girls of Club Peek-a-Boo. The older woman, Nanaka, ordered a slew of new dishes in her eagerness to help the group experience the local cuisine, and was happy to chat with Lisa despite the occasional biting remark from the younger girl.

They learned the name of the third girl present. Aina, a petite person who was quite nervous at the prospect of dining with—in her words—cool, trendy foreigners. She moved past her reticence, however, after catching sight of Escha. At that point, she turned into a woman possessed and had taken to gushing over the cat with single-minded focus, cooing as she smushed and stretched Escha's cheeks.

Unfortunately for Escha, she couldn't exactly voice an objection or slap away the girl without letting on that she was anything but a normal cat, and so had to put up with the overzealous attention. It didn't help that Chisa sat beside her, petting her fur while in a trance.

Jaune ended up on his feet, leaning on the booth divider. He ate from a plate held in one hand that was piled high with a little of everything, talking to the pair of boys his age, Iori and Kohei. (The latter was a startlingly handsome man with long, blond hair who Jaune at first assumed was also a foreigner.)

They were college students in an engineering program, and for Jaune it was a fascinating look at the civilian life he could have led. There's a splendor to the pursuit of higher learning, where one delved into the mysteries of the world among like-minded fellows. According to Iori, the classes taught them far more than basic facts and figures. It has helped them to value hard work and discipline, along with the development of creative thinking. Exams, a word that always brought dread to Jaune, were to them an exciting chance to put their skills into practice.

How admirable.

"So he wrote the cheat notes on his bare arm, right? But stressful situations naturally cause the body to release sweat, meaning that five minutes into the exam, the words were too smudged for him to read! What a moron!"

The image of esteemed, upright gentlemen shattered into tiny fragments as Iori burst out in hyena-like laughter, mirrored by Kohei.

Yeah… The pretty words they told him in the beginning did not at all hold up to scrutiny. These guys, plus most everyone in their engineering program judging by the stories, were a bunch of cheats and idiots, hanging on to a passing grade by their fingertips.

Jaune took a sip of his soda, and mulled on the idle thought that he might have done well in college.

"By the way…" Iori began.

Was it him, or had the atmosphere around the other boys sharpened? They smiled, but it did not reach their eyes.

Iori sidled over to him, throwing an arm over his shoulders. "What's your relationship with that Lisa?"

Kohei took up position on his opposite side.

"Since we're friends now, you can tell us the truth."

Jaune looked from one to the other, uncertain of what they wanted. "Why are you asking?"

"It would decide how long we stay friends, and how the night ends for you," Iori said. "Come on, say it. You're one of us, right?"

"Normies should go explode," Kohei added.

Jaune chuckled, as did Lisa at the table. The girls seemed to have caught snippets of the boys' talk, and had halted their conversation to listen in.

"I haven't heard that one before," he said. "Is it something single guys say in Japan?"

He then happened to notice that Chisa and Aina weren't laughing along with them. In fact, they appeared to be sweating.

As seconds passed by, Jaune grew convinced that this was a dead serious matter. He returned his gaze to Iori and Kohei, and really observed them. Details began to emerge. Beneath the casual postures were bodies coiled to spring. They looked at him with cold and calculating eyes, yet to turn hostile though the possibility was there, depending on his answer.

What response could he give them, to defuse the situation? It wasn't like anybody here could threaten him—probably—but he'd prefer to not ruin the mood. They had a good thing going up until now.

"She's my sister."

Lisa sprang from her seat, slamming her hands on the table. "Like hell I am!"

Too late, the thought had been planted.

"They do have this easy familiarity between them," admitted Chisa.

Aina chimed in, "They're both blond, too."

"So is he." Lisa pointed at Kohei. "And blond hair isn't that uncommon overseas. We're not related!" she insisted, to deaf ears.

"You haven't done anything couple-like this whole time. I can definitely believe you're siblings."

Meanwhile, Iori's attitude had done a complete turnaround. He professed to having a little sister himself, and patted Jaune on the back in commiseration. So far as the other boy was concerned, this one tidbit has put them on the same side. It seemed younger siblings were a menace no matter which world they exist in.

As for Kohei…

After a minute or two, everybody realized that Kohei hadn't said a single word in a while. They looked toward him to find that the boy had sunk to the floor, a hand clutching his heart as he gasped for air.

Jaune feared an emergency at first, and was ready to summon a stimpak. But then, he heard the mumbling.

"She's his little sister… but she doesn't want to be… they're not blood-related?... unforgivable…"

Welp, he didn't need super-intuition to understand that. Their haphazard excuses had struck the boy in a critical weakpoint (fetish).

Lisa's face was one of disgust, and the girl whirled on him. "Your nonsense is putting the wrong idea in people's heads. Fix this!"

"How?"

"By forfeiting your life!" shouted Kohei, leaping for him.

Jaune put out a hand to seize him by the throat, stopping him in his tracks. Kohei's rage transformed into confusion as he tried to escape only to be unable to budge Jaune's arm. After a short and futile struggle, the boy dangled limply off the ground.

"I changed my mind," Kohei managed to croak out, and Jaune put him down.

He glanced at his surroundings in order to see what the reaction to the sudden outbreak of violence would be. To his surprise, nobody batted an eye, accepting it as normal—natural, even. It cast doubt on Lisa's claim that people on Earth were a lot gentler in how they interact with each other than on Remnant, and raised his score for this universe by a couple of points. The kind of world Lisa described as ideal sounded a tad boring.

"You want to give fighting me a try, too?" he offered, speaking to Iori.

The boy quickly shook his head. "Nope, I'm good. No problem with you at all. Uh, but you might want to keep an eye on Kohei. He's what you Americans would call a backstabbing son of a bitch."

"Like you're one to talk, you bastard," Kohei shot back, rubbing at his throat with a hand. He then looked at Jaune. "He's right, however. I will never abide somebody else being so lucky to have a little sister character that's in love with him! How dare you!"

Lisa's protests that she was neither a little sister nor harboring romantic thoughts once again went ignored.

Jaune tensed as Kohei stepped up to him.

"I challenge you to a Peek-a-Boo style contest. The loser will give the title of older brother to the winner—" A hearty slap from Iori cut Kohei off, and he amended his words. "The loser will face punishment."

In the background, the rest of Club Peek-a-Boo stopped what they were doing, and roared their approval for this bold challenge.

He was starting to really like this bunch. They reminded him of Beacon.

"I accept!" he answered with just as much enthusiasm.

"Then—!" Two cups landed on the table beside them, filled to the brim. Kohei grabbed one. "First comes the oolong tea! Bottoms up!"

Jaune didn't question it, taking his own cup and downing the drink in one go.

His vision blurred.

He next regained consciousness still standing before Kohei. Only, they weren't where they had been mere moments ago. No, they've moved to the center of the restaurant, encircled by a crowd. The people around them were chanting as one, counting down.

"Whuh? What happened?"

"Heheheheh, you absolute fool!" said Kohei. He had a fist chambered behind his back. What for? "PAB-Style 'oolong tea' is a blend of vodka and whiskey."

What part of that is tea?

"If you want to blame someone, blame your naive self, lightweight. This battle had already begun!"

With that, Kohei launched his fist.

Instincts took over, and Jaune retaliated with a punch of his own, a sharp and textbook blow that can lay a civilian out in one shot. He doubted Kohei could see it, let alone block.

Yet by some unknown method, the other boy dodged the hand with barely an effort. Jaune could have sworn the boy had not even moved, like it was Jaune who missed. There was no time to think about it, however. He braced for Kohei's attack.

"My paper beats your rock!" Kohei crowed in triumph, the fingers on his hand splayed wide.

Jaune needed an embarrassing amount of time to reach understanding. The battle he had been challenged to, that he almost knocked a person's teeth out in, was nothing more than a game of Rock, Paper, Scissors.

Iori emerged from among the spectators, and handed him a cup.

"Sorry man. You lose the round, you drink."

He peered into the cup. "This isn't 'oolong tea' again, is it?"

"Haha, no way. During a contest, we prefer to use Spirytus instead."

Jaune confirmed that the color was different. Reassured, he took a sip… and spat it back out, coughing and hacking.

"Yeah, Spirytus is a lot stronger than our oolong tea," Iori continued. He patted Jaune on the back before walking away, neatly dodging the cup Jaune attempted to press into his hands. "Good luck. I have my own match to get through, so let's hope we meet on the other side."

"I can't drink this! I think it peeled the skin off the roof of my mouth!" He gagged as he saw Iori snatching a bottle from a table to fill a cup for himself and gulped it down like water.

Across from him, Kohei smirked. "How weak. You're no big deal after all. Heheheh."

The boy strutted back and forth before the crowd. Believing that he had already won, Kohei basked in the cheers raining on him from every corner. The fact that he used an underhanded trick did not faze him, or the spectators.

The sound of drinking interrupted his swaggering. Kohei turned around to see Jaune upending the contents of the cup down his throat.

It was no easy task. The liquid burned as it traveled to his stomach at the same time that it seemed to shoot straight up to his head. He could smell nothing but the stench of the alcohol, and it was impossible to stop the tears streaming from his eyes. He had never tasted a drink so foul.

Calling it quits wasn't in the cards, though.

Finally, he pulled the cup away from his lips, holding it upside-down to show there were only drops remaining. The crowd roared his name.

Jaune swayed as he sneered at Kohei, who no longer looked as confident.

"He still has to strip," Kohei said.

"Strip! Strip! Strip! Strip!" shouted his fellow club members.

They're kidding, right? Strip RPS? The restaurant would never allow that.

Jaune revised the sentiment after spotting the owner at the counter sharing drinks with two massive dudes. Who were naked. A number of spectators were likewise missing pieces of their clothing. They showed no qualms at the state of undress. The only people to stay fully-dressed were Lisa and company sitting at the table, with none beside Lisa losing their composure.

Well, okay, then. This was normal around these parts. Just what kind of universe had he fallen in, he wanted to ask.

Although, it sure was hot in here. The AC must be malfunctioning. Removing his shirt wouldn't feel like a punishment in this heat, would it? More a reward.

In one smooth motion, he tugged the hem of the shirt over his head and peeled it off. Afterward, he sighed in relief.

Kohei looked at him oddly. "You could have just gone for your shoes, or your socks."

"Oh, that's a good point," Jaune said, a slight slurring in his voice. He kicked off his shoes, and removed his socks.

…Wait.

"You are a cunning opponent, indeed," Jaune praised his foe, and hiccupped.

"I feel like I'm bullying you. Are you old enough to drink?"

"Are you?" Jaune accused. The sheepish look on the many faces around him spoke volumes. "Whatever, that's enough talk. You picked this battle and I'm not backing down! Rock. Paper. Scissors!"

The second round, he was ready. The strong alcohol may be throwing him for a loop, dulling his reflexes, but this was still the reflexes of a person training to slay monsters. A person that has sparred against some of the best fighters of his generation.

As Kohei threw out his fist, Jaune analyzed each minute movement of the fingers. The human hand only had so much range of motion. For this game in particular, the pinkie and index fingers were the key tells. If neither moved, then it's rock. The index, but not the pinkie, meant it would be scissors. Both, paper.

Jaune grinned as his scissors met Kohei's paper.

"Damn!"

"Heh. Too easy."

Thus began his glorious comeback. The third round found him facing a swaying Kohei missing his shoes. Experienced drinker or otherwise, 192-proof vodka—and wasn't a number to make his liver sob in utter terror—was a sledgehammer that pulverizes the concept of alcohol tolerance. He's pretty sure it's not supposed to be drunk straight.

"This stuff is stronger than Everclear. There's no way it could possibly be safe for consumption. Oh god, Jaune's drinking something worse than Everclear," Lisa muttered to herself from the sideline, confirming his suspicions. The girl had a hand pressed to her temples, and she was shaking her head as she watched their contest.

Escha patted her on the leg in reassurance. Perhaps her keener eyesight had let her see through Jaune's tactic.

The third round went to Jaune, and so did the fourth. There was no stopping him from then on. His opponent had not the fortitude to withstand the successive drinks. Reduced to a rambling wreck of a man, Kohei lost the final round facing the wrong way and donning a single sock, which a kind club member stripped for him.

Jaune punched a fist into the air, celebrating his victory.

A sharp voice cut into the moment. "Not so fast, Jaune Arc."

Two club members were pushed aside, and between them strode Iori. The dark-haired young man wore a serious expression on his face, and the steely gaze of a warrior met Jaune's own blue eyes.

"You have defeated but the weakest of the Heavenly Four. Now I will take you on."

Jaune looked Iori up and down… then quickly up again.

"With what? You already lost."

Fresh from his own bout of Strip RPS, there remained not a stitch of clothing on the other boy. Iori peered down at himself, and his eyes bulged out.

"When did that happen!?"

Jaune left the other drunken idiot to it, scanning the crowd. "Alright, so I guess I won that match by default. Who's next?"

"Ooh! Ooh! How about me~."

The woman that emerged from the crowd was older than him by a few years, and she was drop dead gorgeous. Like, pretty-as-Pyrrha level of beauty. Her dark, wavy hair fell to her shoulders, and she had a figure that one may call enviable, with breasts that strained her t-shirt and a slim waist.

Jaune checked the people around them, the sea of half-naked men chugging Spirytus like it was beer, then looked back at this person.

"You're in their club?"

She nodded cheerfully. "Mmhm. The name's Azusa, and I'm one of the senior members. I love Strip RPS!"

Before he could respond, Jaune felt hands gripping his shoulders. In a flash, Iori and Kohei dragged him into a huddle.

"Jaune, I might have a problem with normies like you, but this is serious," said Kohei.

"She's a tough opponent," Iori chimed in with his analysis. "A veteran of this game. But between the three of us, I think we have a shot."

Jaune stared at the other boy. "Again, with what?"

After all, he was the only one with any clothes left to play.

Iori immediately latched onto his leg, the last speck of his honor nowhere in sight. "Oh come on, you have to. You have to!"

"Please, I will forgive you for having a little sister. Help us strip Azusa!" Kohei bawled, arms wrapped around Jaune's other leg.

Taking pity on them, Jaune said, "Alright, alright, I'll do it. Just stop groveling while you're naked! Hell, stop clinging to me while you're naked!"

And that, was how Jaune found himself standing across from a ravishing beauty, gearing up for a match of Strip RPS with her.

He studied the woman, seeking the source of her confidence, a reason for why Azusa stood unguarded and laughed unreservedly. It's a maddening task, futile in the end. She waved to her friends, blew kisses at handsome men, and gave every indication that she knew she would win.

What was her game? Where lies the secret weapon to secure her victory?

The countdown reached zero, and Jaune's hand descended without him ever figuring out the mystery. Given no recourse, he fell back on his old tactic, giving his utmost effort.

His rock met her scissors.

"Hang on, I won?"

"He won!" yelled both Iori and Kohei. The two of them jumped on Jaune, whooping and hollering at the top of their lungs.

"I knew I could count on you!" said Kohei, the one that tried to kill him.

Iori, his full focus on the prize, chanted a mantra. "What will she take off? What will she take off? What will she take off?"

Jaune rolled his eyes. "Her shoes, duh."

There was no reason to get excited this early on. It shall be a long war yet to reach paradise.

…Azusa pulled her shirt off, her breasts bouncing, barely contained in her skimpy bra.

Jaune lost every round after that, for some reason never able to follow the movements of Azusa's hand. Plied with Spirytus until he couldn't see straight, his last memory before passing out was of Lisa looking him up and down. Mostly down.

-o-​

"Glug, glug, glug. Ahhh, that's some good Spirytus!" Jaune said softly as he strolled down the street.

Lisa winced and shushed him. "Keep it down, people are probably sleeping by now. And that's water you're drinking." She adjusted her grip on his clothes. "Fuck, you're heavy."

"Meanie."

"I'm not!"

"Heh, yeah, you're noooot. You're sweet… is that the right word, sweet? Why is sweet good, but the other flavors bad, anyway? It doesn't really make sense."

He felt a hand rubbing his back. It's nice.

"Uh-huh. Doesn't make sense at all. Now, how about you just focus on putting one foot in front of the other. We're almost there. Escha, can you take his water bottle and toss it in the trash can over there?"

A white blur pounced on him, robbing Jaune of his precious treasure. It darted away into the darkness before he could react.

"My water…"

"We'll get you more," Lisa soothed him as she towed him along.

They reached the rental house without incident. As Lisa fumbled for the keys, Jaune swayed in the breeze, humming a song under his breath. He caught a glimpse of the pool in the back.

"Let's go swimming," he suggested.

"I—huh, you're thinking it's a pretty nice night."

He nodded, glad she had read his mind.

They've landed on a tropical island, in a world where days of peace carry on and on. How wonderful it would be to watch the stars and the sea tonight, and think of nothing but how pretty they were.

Lisa pondered the idea for a moment. "That sounds like fun. What do you think, Escha?"

"You two go," Escha said, yawning. "I wanna go to bed."

"Awww, have a good rest then, sweetie." She scratched Escha under the chin, then turned to Jaune. "I guess it's just us. Give me a bit to grab my swimsuit, and we'll meet by the pool?"

The door opened, allowing entry. Escha padded inside, bidding them goodnight as she climbed the stairs. Lisa followed her up to get changed. She left the door open for him.

A short while later, the patio door slid aside.

Lisa walked out under the moonlight. She looked up at the sky, and a million stars shone upon her to take her breath away. They reflected off the dark sea and from here it seemed as if she stood on an island in the depths of space.

Her gaze lowered to the pool, and she sighed in fond exasperation as she saw Jaune already there. Light steps brought her to the edge of the water. Kneeling down, she smiled softly at him.

Lisa then rapidly blinked her eyes, before shouting.

"Why are you naked again!?"

Universe: Grand Blue. Location: Okinawa. Event: Okinawa Vacation​

Author's Notes: Again, this is a ̶d̶r̶i̶n̶k̶i̶n̶g̶ travel story.
Stories:
QQ Sneaking His Way into the Multiverse , a RWBY Jaune, WC-lite mechanics story.
Other RWBY stories on AO3 or FF - Yakuza Arc | Conquered Menagerie: Annals of the Sixth Kingdom | Cat, Bunny, and the Good Ship Honey Starbright | The Agent
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:RSR2000, Arkan10, Amdiranifani and 776 others
LazyAutumnMoon
Aug 4, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 42.5: This is a Lewding Story
View content
LazyAutumnMoon
LazyAutumnMoon
We all need Sundancer in our life.
JoinedJun 7, 2024
Messages289
Likes received68,284
Aug 9, 2025
Add bookmark
#2,695
Chapter title explains it best. Can be skipped if that's not your thing.

Interlude: This is a Lewding Story​

The shrill cry woke Jaune from his dozing, and he opened his eyes.

With his elbows resting on the edge of the pool, he tilted back his head to look up at Lisa. At what point did she approach him, it's hard to say. His thoughts had been elsewhere. Framed by the moon, she's pretty as a picture.

The wide-eyed stare somewhat ruined the effect, of course. Composure, gone. Cheekiness, gone. She's almost shy, and it's an interesting look he wouldn't mind seeing more of.

"Cute bikini," he said.

"Um. Thanks," Lisa stammered. His casual attitude seemed to have thrown her further off-balance. "Nice, uh…" She stopped talking.

He gave a small laugh, and said, "It's not like you to be speechless, Gossip Girl."

"It's not like you to be naked," she squeaked.

Jaune looked down.

Ah, yes. She shouted something to that effect, hadn't she? Well, here's a mystery for the ages. Why, oh why, was Jaune Arc going without clothes. Of the two people present, none knew the answer. Since he didn't want to admit that, he mustered all the cunning he could access at the moment to ponder on the best way of explaining his perfectly normal circumstances.

Jaune spread his arms wide.

"Look, it's no big deal. Why do people scale mountains? Because it's there. Why is a man naked? Because it's hot. Some reasons aren't that complicated."

A much better answer than 'I can't remember what I was thinking, or if I even was.'

His words shocked a giggle out of Lisa. "My, do you become profound when you're drunk," she teased.

He pinched a thumb and index finger close together. "A tiny bit drunk."

"Not from where I'm standing, silly man."

A silence fell over them after that. Under the night sky, boy and girl gazed at one another. Each wondered of how to proceed from here.

The stalemate ended as an odd gleam entered Lisa's eyes. Slowly, her lips stretched into a shark-like grin that set off alarm bells in Jaune's head. She tended to show that face to… he didn't want to say prey, because he didn't like thinking of himself as prey, but if it quacks like a duck, then…

Quack, quack! thought Jaune.

Unaware of his deep introspections, Lisa idly mused, "No big deal, huh?"

Before he could ask, Lisa brushed back a stray lock of hair and lowered herself to sit on the edge of the pool. She dipped her toes in to test the temperature, and after finding it ideal, let her legs sink into the water.

"Ooh, it feels pretty nice." There's a strange cadence to her voice, an attempt at a breathy whisper that came out stilted and taut.

What he would have said in reply died in his throat as Lisa slipped a hand behind her back.

She held that position, nervously chewing on her bottom lip as she observed him. On Jaune's part, his eyebrows were trying their best to meet his hairline. To him, it looked rather like she was about to—

A tug, and the white bikini top loosened, slipping off as her breasts sprang free. She flung it aside.

There was a moment where she hunched over slightly, her arms rising and falling as if uncertain of what action to take. It passed, and with a shaky breath, she pushed through the hesitation to straighten her back.

Jaune could hear his heartbeat thumping in his ear. His eyes zeroed in on the perky mounds, and the two pink nubs capping them. Her breasts weren't large, not like some people he could name, fitting her frame nicely. He opened his mouth, closed it—he didn't quite trust his tongue. The thought of looking away crossed his mind, and was banished as quickly as it arrived in lieu of him committing the shapes and curves of her breasts to memory. Sue him, he knew what he liked.

Something must have shown in his expression to embolden Lisa, because a sly smile flashed across her face. In one swift motion, she slid off the ledge to enter the water beside him, taking up a similar posture of propping her elbows on the side of the pool. Ostensibly, for the same reason as him of keeping her head above the surface, though it also happened to continue allowing him a clear, uninterrupted view of her chest.

"You were right, it's sooo hot out~."

"Lisa, you're naked."

How eloquent of him. Dammit. This was why he wanted to keep his mouth shut and just enjoy the scenery.

The bluntness of the comment caused Lisa's cool demeanor to stutter for a second. The girl worked her jaw, trying to form a response.

"N-Not yet, I'm not."

She played off the slight tremble in her voice by quickly moving her hands down to her sides, fiddling with the strings holding her bikini bottom together. They came undone, and Lisa lifted the garment out of the water, holding it there to make sure he saw; Jaune tracked it as a dog would a bone, to her amusement. Then, a light toss over her shoulder and it flew out of sight, leaving Lisa truly, fully nude in the pool with him.

His eyes traced over her legs to the spot where they met. The water distorted the view, but he could see enough to confirm that she wore nothing beside the choker around her neck. Jaune's lips went dry, and he swallowed hard.

"There we go. Now, isn't this comfortable?" Lisa shifted one leg, brushing it against his knee. "Club Peek-a-Boo might have the right idea."

Jaune tried to fix his composure, tearing his gaze from her body to look at her face. "I'd say so." His libido roared in agreement. "Not even that college student, Azusa, was this daring, though."

Lisa pouted. "What? Girls can't get naked, too? Like you said, Okinawa is hot." She leaned forward, eyeing his other side. "And you know what, I think that spot would cool me down better."

That didn't make any kind of sense, and even his inebra—inebri—drunken self could tell. It wasn't like they were out in the sun. Lisa just needed an excuse.

Rather than going around him, she made a production of it to swim across his lap. Crawled, really, placing a hand on his thigh as leverage to propel forward. A smirk tugged at the corner of her lips as she caught his gaze trailing the curve of her back, the girl arching to bring her pert rear above the water right as it passed the center of his view. She paused for an instant to wiggle her hips, before twisting her body to slide into the spot next to him.

She ducked her head underwater, wetting her hair, then came back up.

"Mmm, see? I'm all nice and cool now."

"We're in a pool," Jaune said with not much feeling behind it, stunned as he was. "There's water everywhere. But I guess that wouldn't have stopped you, would it?"

"Exactly. You get me, Jaune." Lisa sidled toward him, and Jaune stiffened as he felt her soft breasts pressing against his arm.

Not like that. He stiffened, as in to become still.

…And also a bit like that.

Lisa continued, preempting the question on his lip. "You drank a lot tonight. I counted the cups. Swimming in this state carries a high risk of accidents, so I'll stay close by, 'kay?"

"I'm not that drunk." He was barely slurring his words. And the headache whenever he tried to think long thoughts? Why, that's him on a normal day!

Ugh, okay, that joke hurt his pride a little too much. Note to self: tipsy Jaune was a mean one, watch out for him.

Lisa tapped him on the nose. "Liar~. But I could move away, if you prefer that?"

"Of course not," was his instant answer. A surge of boldness overtook his senses, spurred on by the thought that the wonderful moment might end. He slithered his arm around her waist, and pulled her even closer, nearly into his lap.

Now was Lisa's turn to freeze in place, and Jaune observed her reaction in the following seconds. A part of him expected this would be that one step too far. Another part—the part sloshed in Spirytus and had told him it was a good idea to go swimming naked—didn't think he read Lisa wrong and was metaphorically wagging its tail, dreaming more hopeful things.

A celebration went off in his head when she rested her head on his shoulder.

Not much happened in the minutes after, despite Jaune's pounding heart. Lisa seemed content to lay against him, her gaze set to the sky above. Meanwhile, he was more concerned with how one of her legs had twined around his, as a thousand questions vied for position within his head.

"The stars really are pretty tonight," Lisa remarked after a while.

Jaune couldn't comment, since memories of admiring the natural scenery had been bowled over to make room for an album stuffed full of explicit imagery. That said, it was the original point of them being out here, so he followed her lead and tilted back his head, taking in the sights. In no time at all, he recalled just why he had been insistent on this.

In the dark, dark, dark of night, where Grimm lurked and Death roamed, our wishes made the stars. So long as one remained, you could find your way home. That's how the stories go.

Constellations meant little to him, for he never learned them. And so when he looked upon the Okinawa sky, what stretched before his eyes seemed a mirror canvas to the one he gazed at all his life. The moon was in one piece, yet it shone with a familiar light, big and bright to cast a pale glow over the land.

Ocean waves crashed to shore. Leaves rustled in the wind. Crickets chirped their songs.

The world was different, only the same, and he could fool himself for a small while that he was where he belonged. It's easier with her nearby.

"I'm glad we came here," he said.

"Mmhm."

"But, Lisa… Why?"

"What do you mean?"

"You. Me. This."

He would readily admit to an immense joy at holding a cute girl in his arms. Like, there's no lying in regards to that. Just not possible. Still, it begged the question of what brought the situation about. How did Lisa come around to swimming with him, sans swimsuit?

"I realized something earlier," Lisa explained. She sighed, and nuzzled into his chest. "You're quick to make friends. You're better at it than I am."

He turned his head, looking at her. "Are you kidding? You have that whole 'know a person better than themselves' thing."

"I'm good with people. You actually like them." She began to stroke his chest with a hand. He didn't balk, so she kept at it.

"You say it as if that's bad."

"I'm not!" she argued. Her gaze dropped down to the pool. "Not… not really. It's just that you're always off doing something. Back at the restaurant, you joined in on partying with those college students, and it's like you were one of them. You get pulled into things, or you throw yourself into it, while I…"

Didn't. He had assumed she was having fun, same as him. The one difference being, that she preferred to chat and laugh with the group as she spectated the idiocies he got into, instead of taking part in the spectacle.

"You had more fun than when you were with me," she continued in an almost-whine. "I can't shake the feeling that you'll end up surrounded by people who are miles more interesting, and I would just be one among the crowd. A friend."

But not the friend. The person on his side through thick and thin. The one he would see and talk to everyday, and get into all manners of antics.

"So I thought, let's maybe change that. Let's make some summer memories together that blows everything else out of the water." Finally looking up, Lisa asked, "You'll do it, won't you?"

Glug, glug, glug.

"Jaune," Lisa deadpanned, watching with dull eyes as Jaune chugged a bottle of oolong tea that the Peek-a-Boo guys had given him, "what the fuck are you doing? How are we gonna make summer memories if you can't remember tomorrow, dummy?"

When he wouldn't stop, she growled and lunged for the bottle. Jaune fended her off with one hand while stealing a few more gulps of 'tea'. Once he had enough, he vanished it back in his Pocket to join the rest of the alcohol he had sitting in there.

"I don't exactly know what I'm doing. Just putting that out there right now," he admitted. "I figured, you know, alcohol made me so persuasive that I convinced you to strip, maybe it can give me another miracle and tell me where to go from here."

He looked Lisa up and down. The girl was fully sitting on his lap after the struggle for the bottle. Her breasts were directly in front of his eyes, and it took effort to not lean forward to kiss them.

Lisa had noticed where his attention ended up. With great deliberateness, she shook them back and forth in a motion that he found hypnotic.

"I expect you'll pick it up along the way. We have all night." She placed her hands on his chest to trace the muscles. A toss of her hair moved them behind her shoulder, and she thrust out her chest in an invitation. "Or are you shy?" she teased.

Her confidence shattered with a yelp as Jaune palmed her breasts. She quickly looked down, then up at him.

"M-Maybe not so shy, after all—ah!" She jolted as she felt his fingers flick over her taut nipples, pinching them. Jaune lingered there, tugging on one then the other, fascinated by how they feel to the touch and the alluring gasp the act drew from Lisa.

"Hm, yeah," he agreed. "Looks like you're right again, Lisa. I can definitely get used to seeing you like this."

She laughed. "Oh, it's on!"

Lisa punctuated the challenge by slipping her hand to his belly, where she squeezed and fondled his abs. She sent him an imperious glare, daring him to escalate, and her eyes tracked his fingers as they ghosted over her skin, mirroring the same path she had drawn on his body. A smirk flashed across her face as he paused near her waist.

When his hand trailed lower, her breath hitched. After a moment's hesitation, she copied him, unwilling to give him the satisfaction of outdoing her. Even then, she waited for him to make the next move.

He obliged her that, and slid his hand down to her bare pussy, cupping it with his palm. Lisa drew a sharp intake of breath.

"Fuck, you actually…" she murmured.

Not to be outshone, she grasped for his cock with an unsteady hand, trembling fingers fumbling to wrap around the shaft. The girl didn't seem to know what to do with it, and her first action was a clumsy tug that made Jaune wince.

"Sorry!" she blurted out in a panicky voice.

Jaune snickered. "I can't tell if I'm drunk or you are. You sure about this?"

The easy attitude helped to calm her nerves, and Lisa nodded. She leaned toward him, pressing her forehead to his.

"I like what we have. I don't know what we have. Everyone says goodbye and I hate it, but I keep finding myself thinking you'll be there tomorrow."

A genuine smile grew on his face. He supposed, more than anyone else, it would be her who understood. After all, she's been where he's been, and seen what he's done. She, too, has witnessed the worlds they left behind.

"Call it a casual thing we do together; you don't have to think deeply of it. Make summer memories with me," she demanded again.

"Glad to," he said.

Her reply became a moan as he began to rub slow circles around her pussy. Lisa ducked her head, biting her lip to suppress a rougher, undignified grunt.

Jaune wondered for a moment if it was her playing along, a bit of production to boost his mood. Perhaps not, because with a delicious wiggle of her hips, she rose to plant a kiss on his jawline, letting him know of her delight. That was followed by another on his cheek.

Then, their lips brushed together. Her tongue flicked out to lick over his lips, tracing the shape of them before she pulled away from him. She studied his face with an intent gaze, and soon grinned.

"Wow… Doing this kind of thing really isn't bothering me." She touched the choker on her neck at the same time.

"That's great. Yup. Good stuff," Jaune said distractedly, and pulled her in again to kiss her hard, something she responded to with eager haste.

He groaned halfway into the kiss, feeling her hand stroking his cock below. It started slow, with tentative touches caressing over the length of his shaft, growing faster as she found the flesh firm and rigid, and his reaction one of pleasure rather than discomfort.

"You liked that, didn't you?" she cooed. "God, I don't even need my powers to tell. You love this."

And she loved having her body played with, judging by the shudders and sighs. On an unspoken agreement, they each allowed the other leeway to explore what worked and what did not—no point lying about it, they needed the experience. Their hands roamed over one another, groping and fondling without reserve.

It would have helped if Lisa didn't treat it like a competition. She took his burgeoning confidence as a personal affront. If he nipped at her neck, she would do the same and nibbled at his ear for good measure.

"Hop up on the ledge. I want—I'm going to—" She pursed her lips, and that was hint enough.

Naturally, Jaune recanted his every complaint about her competitive spirit. Without it, there's no possible way he could have gotten this far. He also thought it was rather cute how Lisa squeezed her eyes shut as his dick drew level with her face. Saying that would probably set her off, however, so—

"That's just adorable."

—of course he told her.

Her eyes crashed open to glare at him. The corner of her mouth twitched, hiding a smile. She knew his game.

Lisa moved closer, shifting positions to study his cock from all sides, planning her approach and drawing out the moment. She behaved much like a cat, drifting nearer and nearer until Jaune could feel her warm breaths along his cock. His heart leapt to his throat as her lips came within a hair of making contact, the girl turning aside at the last second to rub her cheek against the shaft.

His eyes narrowed upon spotting the satisfied look she wore. She's nervous, he was sure, but hid it well behind her teasing nature.

Once she had mustered up her nerves, Lisa held his cock still. She puckered her lips, and leaned in to place a pouty kiss on the tip. Her small, pink tongue darted out, licking the same spot for the barest instant before she jerked her head back, eyeing his cock like it might attack. She looked up at him to gauge his reaction, and stopped short.

Blinking blankly, she blurted out, "Cute!"

He didn't get a chance to ask what was cute before her head dove forward. Lisa proceeded to pepper kisses along his length, her gaze locked on him all the while. Whatever she's looking for, she wasn't disappointed.

On his part, Jaune's grip tightened on the edge of the pool with each successive kiss and lick. Chin tilted up, eyes half-shut, he groaned in time with the featherlight touches of her lips. One of his hands came up, threading through her hair, a light encouragement for her to continue while leaving her to dictate the pace.

A pace that quickened from that point on. After a few more licks to ensure his cock has been coated in saliva, Lisa gave the tip another, almost affectionate, kiss. Instead of breaking contact, her lips formed a tight seal, sucking lightly before she pushed forward, slowly swallowing inch after inch of his cock, her tongue pressed flat to the floor of her mouth.

Abruptly, she gagged and yanked her head back. With a hand pressed to her throat, Lisa hacked and coughed, tears springing to her eyes.

"Lisa, are you okay!?" Jaune asked in worry. In a blink, his hands filled with antidotes, healing potions, Spirytus, and stimpaks.

She waved him off, laughing between coughs. "I went too far. Wasn't ready for it hitting my throat. Oh, wow." She massaged her jaw. "No, just give me a sec. I got this."

The coughing fit soon faded. Cheeks flushed, Lisa tucked a strand of hair behind her ear, and got back to the task. She took greater care this time, bobbing up and down the first few inches of his length. As she worked on the slab of cock, she would sometimes move a tiny bit further, but never for long. In her inexperience, she couldn't get far and was too wary of messing up to try.

It was enough. Jaune strove to hold on for as long as he could, but the lavish attention of her tongue finally pushed him over the edge. He bucked his hips, causing Lisa to pull away with a gasp, a string of saliva connecting her lips to his shaft that snapped as he shot a thick rope of cum on her face.

Lisa gave a yelp, and closed one eye as another spurt landed on her hair. The next painted her chest before she managed to place her hand over the glans, taking the rest of his cum on her hand.

In the aftermath, they were both breathing hard, with Jaune propping an elbow under himself for balance and Lisa's chest heaving as she gulped in air.

"That was… You are amazing," was all Jaune could say.

"Um, thanks," Lisa replied, sounding almost shy. She then giggled. "So, um, any hope of you returning the favor?"

Excitement sparked in her eyes at his answer.

They switched places, with him dropping into the pool to wash off his sweat while she climbed up. Her ass landed on the smooth concrete with a smack that did things to Jaune.

Seeing how she was raring to begin, Jaune lifted Lisa by the waist, maneuvering her closer to him. His hands skimmed over her thighs, spreading her legs wider. For a couple of seconds, he simply admired her smooth, tight pussy, slightly reddened from his earlier care.

He then waited a bit longer, cooled expression concealing a burst of anxiety. It would be terrible to screw up here.

Nothing for it. I can't back out now. Fair's fair. He brought his mouth to her pussy, and kissed her outer lips.

"Oh? That was—oh!" Lisa groaned as he followed up with a lick.

Jaune lifted his head to look at Lisa. Her mouth had fallen open, the girl seeming stunned.

"Was that okay?" he asked. She eagerly nodded.

Jaune grinned, and grabbed her hip with a hand to hold her steady as he buried his head between her thighs. He might not have much by way of technique, but if Lisa was happy with what he had done, then more of the same should be fine, right?

That rationale led to his tongue running up and down her labia in long, enthusiastic licks.

"You're doing good, Jaune," Lisa cooed. He tried for a lingering kiss, sucking softly, causing her to gyrate her hips. "Uhn—pretty good."

She writhed as his tongue explored the shape of her pussy, murmuring encouragement. The praise sounded as music to his ears, prompting him to redouble his efforts. His tongue brushed near her clit. She seemed to like that, shuddering as he began to focus there. His fingers returned to rubbing circles on her folds, lightly pushing inside.

He happened to glance up, and saw Lisa swiping a finger over her breasts, scooping up his cum. She gave it a tentative lick, swirling it in her mouth. The girl didn't render judgment on how she found the taste, because at that point her eyes met his and she realized he had seen it all from beginning to end.

Her thighs, toned from days of training though still retaining a pleasant softness, clamped around his ears; her free hand grabbed his hair, pulling his gaze down.

He let it go. There's a time to tease Lisa, and a time to tease Lisa. He focused on what's important, setting a steady rhythm as he ate her out.

Reaching for her clit, he rubbed the sensitive nub in gentle, hesitant motions that became firmer as he listened to her vocal response. The hand he had on her hip moved down, sliding under Lisa to fill his palm with a supple cheek. He gave it a soft squeeze just as Lisa ground herself against him.

The motion of her hips soon picked up its pace, growing quicker and quicker until she outright humped his face. Her moans strung together in almost a melody, following a rhythm that only she knew.

As Jaune sucked on her clit, Lisa tensed up. Her thighs tightened around his head. She mewled as she came, squirting all over his face as Jaune continued to lap at her pussy, tasting the gushing fluid on his tongue.

Her voice soon trailed off into breathless groans and pants, though it took another minute for her to let him go, the girl seeming to enjoy his persistent attention in the afterglow.

Once freed, Jaune dipped under the pool to wash his face. Coming up, he waited with a hand idly rubbing Lisa's thigh as he gave her time to catch her breath. Neither of them could stop smiling.

"Again?" Lisa asked hopefully.

Author's Notes: This is a ̶l̶e̶w̶d̶i̶n̶g̶ lewding story. Lewding the Lisa.
Last edited: Aug 9, 2025
Stories:
QQ Sneaking His Way into the Multiverse , a RWBY Jaune, WC-lite mechanics story.
Other RWBY stories on AO3 or FF - Yakuza Arc | Conquered Menagerie: Annals of the Sixth Kingdom | Cat, Bunny, and the Good Ship Honey Starbright | The Agent
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, RSR2000, Amdiranifani and 735 others
LazyAutumnMoon
Aug 9, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 43: My Beach Episode is Full of Dudes!
View content
LazyAutumnMoon
LazyAutumnMoon
We all need Sundancer in our life.
JoinedJun 7, 2024
Messages289
Likes received68,284
Aug 16, 2025
Add bookmark
#2,777
Chapter 43: My Beach Episode is Full of Dudes!​

In the early morning, Jaune stood out on the back patio of their rental house to enjoy the fresh air. The weather was fantastic at this hour, lacking the heat that would come along later. He hummed a tune under his breath, and let the sound of the ocean waves wash over him. This moment was one to treasure.

By chance, he caught sight of a white piece of cloth lying by the poolside. As he walked over to it, the door to the house behind him slid open.

"G'morning~" Lisa sounded out before giving a great, big yawn.

"Yo," he called over his shoulder.

"Whatcha doing there?"

Jaune straightened up, and turned around to see Lisa tottering over to him, rubbing sleep from her eyes. Normally a late-riser by nature, she's at her best after a spot of coffee, but appeared quite chipper today even without it. A little smile played on her lips.

"You forgot this last night," Jaune said, offering her the bikini top he was holding.

Lisa looked at the garment for a bit in blank incomprehension. Then, recognition dawned.

"Oh, shoot." She snatched the piece of cloth from him. "So that's where it went. I knew it was out here somewhere. Gonna have to throw that in the wash."

"Do you have a spare swimsuit? I figure we'll head into the city to check on the portal, and I remember there's a public beach near that. It would be nice to spend the day in the sun."

Lisa perked up. "Hey now, that doesn't sound half bad. Been ages since I got to work on my tan!" She smirked, knowing full well the image she had put in his head. "And yeah, I bought a couple other sets. What about—oh, right, you never wore yours."

Jaune rubbed the back of his neck, glancing to the side. "Eheh."

Lisa rolled her eyes. "Those college students were an awful influence on you."

"You didn't seem to mind," he retorted, unable to help the growing grin on his face.

"Keep talking, and maybe I'll change my mind. Your swim trunks better stay on at the beach."

Ouch. To think, a day has come where he needed warnings like that. His parents would not be proud. An absence of alcohol and Club Peek-a-Boo should curtail that behavior, at any rate. There's nothing to worry about.

"Come on, Lisa. I do have a sense of propriety. It's just… looser in private settings. With people I trust. Which is you." Aaand, puppy dog eyes!

He didn't expect it to work in truth, and thus received a pleasant surprise. It bolstered his confidence as they chatted for a little longer, maintaining a careful dance around a subject that was likely on both their minds. When Lisa bade leave to go prepare, Jaune chanced it and leaned down to bring his face close to hers.

A hand met his mouth, pushing him back.

"Casual, remember?" Lisa sternly reminded him. The effect was somewhat lost due to the girl pursing her lips in a manner he found very distracting.

"Is this not?" he asked, his words muffled behind the hand. Their swim—if they can call it that—last night had rather set the tone for him on what 'casual' entails.

The sentiment failed to convince Lisa. A shake of the head was her answer, leading Jaune to slump in disappointment.

Lisa chuckled, and tapped him on the nose as she turned away. "Maybe when the mood is right. Today, I just feel like taking it easy. Let's head into town, have fun, see where things take us. Sounds good?"

Bleh. "Bleh."

Whoops, that wasn't supposed to slip out. Good thing Lisa seemed to have missed it, because she didn't slow her steps, hips swinging with just a touch more sway to them than usual. The glass door opened then closed, and she skipped up the stairs, soon disappearing inside her bedroom.

Through the glass, Jaune spotted Escha in the corner of the room, crouched before an electric fan. As it pivoted back and forth, she followed the motion to keep the air aimed at her face. The fan was blowing her fur every which way, turning the felyne into a giant ball of fluff.

Jaune sighed. Life must be nice as a cat.

Once everyone was ready, the party hailed a taxi. The car drove them down the same seaside road as yesterday. Buildings began to grow taller, the pedestrians more numerous. They received looks from people in other cars from time to time. Mostly due to Escha, who was a hit with the kids; she liked to wave hello to them whenever she could get away with it. Something told Jaune that Okinawa would be saddled with a local legend in the years ahead, like 'The Cat That Beckoned' or similar.

The taxi dropped them on the sidewalk outside a shuttered store. After it left, Jaune swung around the back via a small gap between the store and the adjacent building. He poked his head into the rear courtyard, and heard not a peep from the portal tucked in the corner beyond a faint swirl as it detected his presence. There's no sign of a fracturing reality threatening to swallow the world, which he'd guess meant they had plenty of time. One of these days, he really would have to test what conditions and time-frames they were working with when it came to the portal glitching out.

Then again, maybe not, since he'd need nerves of steel (or a screw loose) to risk the erasure of an entire universe just so he could satisfy a bit of idle curiosity. In any case, the one task on his schedule was now crossed off the list. The beach was calling his name.

"Maaan, how long has it been since I last stepped on sand?" Jaune said, squinting his eyes as he peered across the beach. "Years ago, feels like."

He kicked off his shoes, and planted both feet on warm sand. Under an arm, he held a rented parasol and a folded chaise lounge chair. A cooler rested on his shoulder, packed full of drinks and ice cream bought from the nearby convenience store.

"What about you, Escha? Do you swim a lot in Astera?"

Perched atop the cooler, Escha was very much enjoying the high vantage point. She poked her head over the edge to look at him.

"No way, I hate getting wet!"

That tracked for a cat, he supposed. Poor fellas (and bellas) didn't know what they're missing.

He scanned the area, searching for a good place to plonk down a parasol amidst the bustling crowd of beach-goers. A popular tourist destination, hundreds of people were already here, their overlapping voices coming together to form a raucous babble. Still, the rush hadn't fully hit yet, so there was space aplenty for them, and Jaune settled on a spot halfway to the water and not so hemmed in by others.

Escha hopped off the cooler and scampered ahead to stake their claim, leaving a long, shallow groove in her wake as her fur swept over the sand. Jaune followed at a sedate pace, happy for the chance to observe more of life in this world.

The differences to Remnant in the scene around him were subtle, and in many ways mirrored how the people here built their cities. The lifeguard booth didn't feature a harpoon gun emplacement or a weapon rack for their staff, and he wondered if any of them even had the local equivalent of Huntsman training. Beach-goers scattered themselves further out from the center than was safe, they went deeper into the sea than they perhaps should. There's a volleyball court, but no fighting ring. Innocuous details that he would have never questioned the reason why until now, in short.

How strange. How fascinating.

Head on a swivel, he reached his destination to find a hole in the ground. Escha popped up out of it, shaking off sand.

"I dug this for our umbrella!" she said in a quiet voice only for him to hear, beaming.

Jaune plopped the cooler down, then rubbed her head. "Good job, Escha. Thanks for the help."

Burying the parasol proceeded smoothly, and Jaune unfurled the canopy to provide them with shade. From a bag, he retrieved a couple of towels, and spread them on the ground. The chaise lounge went in between to complete the arrangement.

Was there anything he forgot? No? Jaune whooped and threw off his shirt. Time to hit the water!

"Whooo! Take off the rest!" came a catcall behind him, and no, he wasn't referring to Escha by that. Jaune spun around.

It took him a moment to place a name to the face. "Azusa? What are you doing here?"

The older girl from yesterday stood nearby, Escha squirming in her arms. She gave a cheerful smile, and hugged the cat closer to her chest.

"I spotted this cutie, and thought her owners might be around. I'm guessing Lisa is getting changed? Would you two like to join us?"

He leaned to the side, and looked past Azusa. Further down the beach, a familiar group of people chatted and roughhoused in a boisterous mood.

"You couldn't let me know before I finished all this?"

"But you were so into it," Azusa said in a faux-innocent tone. The puppy expression she put on then turned mirthful. "Now, come on. My club's first-years would love to see you again."

Seeing no reason to turn down the offer, and in fact quite looking forward to it, Jaune grabbed his stuff and walked alongside Azusa to her group's encampment. As the Club Peek-a-Boo members spotted him approaching, they once more showed their carefree spirit by greeting him with open arms—except for the petite girl, Aina, who zeroed in on Escha much to the cat's horror. His supplies were taken off his hands, soon finding a home among the existing setup. A cup filled to the brim with clear, refreshing water replaced them.

He took a cautious sip.

Make that 'water'. Brand: Spirytus.

"It's ten in the morning," he muttered to himself. Were these guys going to be okay? Will their livers survive college?

Well, before that they'd have to worry about the immediate term because swim trunks were starting to slip lower and lower as the college students drank, and the lifeguard was watching them like a hawk, ready to blow his whistle. To stay far away from that mess lest he gets pulled in, Jaune gave a polite nod to the two sisters Nanaka and Chisa, and struck up conversation with the pair. They seemed the most levelheaded of this bunch, and were happy to chitchat while sitting on the sideline of the chaos.

He learned one interesting tidbit, talking with them. As it turned out, Club Peek-a-Boo wasn't the drinking club he thought it was. No, the members belonged to—

"A diving club," Chisa said with an emphatic nod.

Jaune looked at the table heaving and creaking under the sheer amount of alcohol stacked high atop it, then back at Chisa.

Clearly.

"I don't believe you."

She hid her face in her hands. "I don't blame you. Sometimes, I think even they get confused."

Still, the girl proved it using her camera, and it was with curious eyes that he peeked over her shoulder while she showed him the pictures she had taken from underwater. A whole world existed down there to steal his breath away. Beams of sunlight cutting through the empty sea, tropical fishes swimming among rainbow coral reefs… Being fifty feet below the surface and surrounded by water sounded akin to a nightmare, but it might be worth it for sights like the ones he was seeing on this screen.

Expressing the sentiment revealed that he was wrong about Chisa. She's as crazy as the rest of them.

"...certifying for an open water license typically spans three days but a dedicated two days can achieve the same result provided you demonstrated a true understanding of the material and even then the certification process involves actual dives which in Okinawa means you will go underwater in some of the most beautiful diving locations in Japan including the islands of the Kerama National Park and the Blue Cave and every step of the way is supervised for your safety so there is very little risk and if you are looking for something casual, a 'discover dive' in the shallows can give you a taste of what you can expect and if you want I have a number of pamphlets for what I believe are the best tours and programs for a beginner and…"

The diving nut soon remembered that humans need to breathe, and inhaled a big gulp of air. Her face regained some of its color.

"Did you get Chisa started on diving? That's brave of you."

Chisa shot a glare at the speaker, Iori, who had come over to join the conversation. Kohei, Iori's partner in crime according to most people Jaune talked to in the club, followed on his heels. They each held a cup of oolong tea in their hand, judging by the color of the liquid.

"Speaking as a beginner myself, diving is pretty fun," Iori continued, missing how Chisa's expression softened to a far kinder look. "If you ever have time, it's not a bad hobby."

"I'll keep it in mind," Jaune said in what he hoped was a diplomatic manner. His hobby in recent weeks ran along the lines of stabbing things that tried to stab him and liberating objects from other people's possession. The higher callings in life. "My schedule is a bit hectic, and I don't get access to the water much. That could change in the future, though, so we'll see how it goes…" Jaune trailed off as his phone rang. "Excuse me for a moment."

On the line, of course, was Lisa. She had finished changing into her swimsuit, and wanted directions to where he and Escha had made camp.

"Just follow the smell of alcohol," he told her.

Minutes later, Lisa emerged from the crowd.

Jaune gawked. "I was joking."

"Puh-lease, I'm not a hound. I followed the trail Escha left in the sand to your old spot, then your footprints led to here."

"Ah, that makes more sense. Some good old detective work, huh? Should have expected that from you," he said. Lisa preened at the praise. "And nice bikini, by the way. You look cute."

"Don't I just?" Ponytail swishing, she turned to one side then the other, striking a pose. "Lavender really is my color."

That, and the style suited her. Standing between Chisa with her sporty one-piece and Nanaka who wore a mature and rather risque number, Lisa struck the balance of casual and approachable in a halter neck design. The toothy grin lent her a mischievous air. She winked at him, no doubt picking up his thoughts through his body language.

"Kuhah!" Kohei, the blond guy, suddenly spat blood and fell to the ground. At once, his friend was there by his side.

"Kohei! What happened? Who hurt you?"

"No. No, it can't be," Kohei mumbled. His body was shivering like a leaf in the wind, and he clutched at his heart with both hands.

Jaune, meanwhile, experienced the oddest sense of déjà vu. Oh, and an icy sensation crawling up his spine. He scanned his surroundings in a search for incoming threats. It could be whatever had downed Kohei.

A shaking finger rose, pointing straight at him.

"Seven… Seven centimeters closer…"

What?

"C-Coy smile!"

No, seriously. What?

Iori understood those cryptic words, and the boy whirled toward Jaune. His gaze bounced between Jaune and… and Lisa.

"Say you didn't," Iori said, his voice dropping to a growl.

Jaune cocked an eyebrow. "I didn't."

"Liar!" the other boy yelled.

In Iori's arms, Kohei howled, "Why him? Why, of all people, him?" He pounded a fist against the sand. "It should have been me!"

At that point, Jaune recalled what he knew of Kohei—namely, his fetish—and slapped a hand over his face. Of all the ways for his lies to catch up to him, this was not one he ever thought possible. He peeked at the other people present, finding many awkward expressions and an ever-widening circle.

Beside him (a bit closer than usual, now that he thought about it), Lisa muttered, "Thank god, we're not staying here. I will not be saddled with that kind of reputation. Jaune, fix your mess, and do a better job this time."

"Fair enough," Jaune replied. He cleared his throat, and stepped forward. "Okay, everybody—"

Everybody took a step back. Hurtful.

He powered on through. "What I said yesterday was not the truth. It's entirely fabricated, intended to calm those two down." He jerked a thumb at Iori and Kohei. "Imagine my surprise when one of them took offense. I mean, what even, am I right?"

Kohei's interests seemed to be common knowledge, lending credence to the reason Jaune put forth. There were a few nods and hums of agreement. Shoulders released their tension. Beer cans were opened, though that might not have anything to do with the current situation.

"After that was pretty much a haze for me, and I guess in the process the misunderstanding never was resolved." Guilty shuffling now, as the members of Club Peek-a-Boo avoided his gaze. They knew who was responsible for drowning him in Spirytus and oolong tea.

"You're not related, then?" Chisa asked, wary. At her height, she had to look up to meet his eyes.

"Nope. We first met each other a little over a month ago, and I don't have a long-lost sister I don't know about." Or if he did, she would be a universe apart from Earth Bet. His father's good, but he's not that good.

Kohei sobbed bitter tears, and buried his face in Iori's chest.

"What's his deal?" Jaune asked. "Shouldn't he be happy hearing this?"

Iori patted his friend on the back. "He is, but I think you've also shattered his dream that something right out of his games could happen in real life."

"What a troublesome fellow."

"Haha, I'll say. Wait until he gets started on his favorite anime." Iori stopped laughing. "Of course, you wouldn't experience it, since we're going to kill you."

Jaune did a double-take. "Pardon?"

"Yeah? Putting the misunderstanding aside, you still committed a great sin. There's no other choice."

In sync, the two college students leapt to their feet. They took up fighting stances with Iori managing a decent guard, elbows in and body minimized, while Kohei appeared to be doing whatever he thought would look cool, making knife hands.

"You speak wise words, Iori! The heretic must be purged!"

""Death to fuckboys!"" they shouted together.

Great. Jealous engineering nerds were after him.

He then revised his opinion of engineering nerds, because, wait a minute, where did they just pull those shovels from? Did they have dimensional pockets, too? These guys shouldn't be underestimated. Next to him, Lisa's face was twitching, the girl beset by a sudden stab of headache pain as she tried to work out the oddity.

"Now, unless nothing happened between you two, you might want to beg for your life." Iori tapped the shovel against his palm for emphasis, a truly evil sneer on his face.

Jaune shrugged, and taunted them, "Oh, it totally did. And you know what?" He put up his fists. "Come get some. Nobody challenges Jaune Arc and gets away with it."

Well, besides Accelerator, Leviathan, the half of his class that he still hadn't managed to steal a win against, his sisters, the green-haired girl on a hoverboard that flew into him last month (the donuts she bought somewhat made up for it), those twins who mugged him that one time in Vale (the donuts they stole from him meant the grudge burrowed twice as deep), Lisa, Escha, the Halloween trick-or-treaters that swarmed his house for candy—okay, some people challenge Jaune Arc and get away with it. For now. The point was, he's not backing down.

Iori and Kohei spared no regard to his introspection. They seized the moment when he was distracted to lunge for him.

He slapped the shovels out of their hands, then gripped them by the throats to lift them off their feet. They kicked and scratched as he held them there, but settled down after a minute to hang limply with their legs swinging in the breeze.

"I… What was the plan?" Jaune asked, baffled. "Rushing at me failed the first time this guy"—he indicated Kohei with his chin—"tried it, why did you expect that to work on the second go-round?"

Their senior, Azusa, cut in. "And didn't we tell you time and again? This isn't how Peek-a-Boo does things!" she scolded.

"B-but he—!"

"That bastard, he—!"

Azusa motioned for Jaune to put the two boys down, and he obliged. She placed her hands on her hips, fixing them with a gaze that brooked no arguments. "We use games to settle our differences, and drinks to wash away bad blood."

A soft smile broke through her hard demeanor.

"Give us a show, boys."

-o-​

Volleyball, the sport of summer. The rules may differ, the goal stayed the same. Get that ball over the net.

Club Peek-a-Boo had gathered around one of the free volleyball courts, in the process amassing a small audience of beach-goers seeking entertainment. Boundary markers drew boxes in the sand to denote the glorious arena upon which the battle shall wage. On one side of the net stood Iori and Kohei, muscles straining as they stretched to limber up. On the other side, Jaune and the only person he could trust in a contest like this.

Lisa scowled. "Jaune."

One word, no inflection. It sufficiently conveyed the point. She's not happy.

Jaune turned to the girl standing on the sidelines. "Look, we have to consider the optimal team configurations."

"And that means picking Escha over me?" Lisa seethed, pointing at the ball of fur running back and forth, chasing a butterfly. That people just rolled with it spoke well of how easygoing—or drunk, probably drunk—Club Peek-a-Boo was.

"The combat rankings support my decision," Jaune asserted. "Don't worry, it'll be fine. They can't beat me." The last part was voiced loud enough for his opponents to hear.

They weren't so easily intimidated, it seemed. Both of them were displaying smirks.

Up on the referee seat—looking like she'd rather be anywhere but here—Chisa heaved a sigh before calling out, "Let's get this over with. The team that reaches 21 points, leading by at least two, wins. First serve goes to whichever team doesn't have an Iori on it."

"But, Chisa, that disqualifies my team by default."

Chisa hmph-ed, and refused to dignify that with an answer.

A PAB club member tossed the ball into the court. Jaune caught it, and lightly spun the ball in his hand as he waited for everyone to get into position.

"Final chance to bow out," he offered.

"Kuhehe." Iori threw his head back. "Hahaha! I should say the same, because you've fallen into my trap!"

"Oh? How so?" Jaune asked mildly.

"It's simple. I knew from last night that you're a tough one, but volleyball is not like arms wrestling or a race. It is a sport, and in a sport, skill matters." Iori pointed at his own head. "Intellect matters. No matter how strong and fast you are, you can't—"

*BOOM!*

Iori looked down at the crater next to him. Three feet deep, a volleyball laid at the center half-buried in the sand. He, and Kohei, jerkily turned their heads back toward Jaune. Sweat broke out on their brows.

"Point for me," Jaune said, teeth bared in a bloodthirsty grin. He was not the person that should be worried here.

House rules required the losers to drink. Two cups of Spirytus were brought forth for his opponents, chugged to the last drop without much trouble as it was simply the first of many to come. 21 points equated to 21 cups of hard liquor, an amount that blinded the eyes and made livers cry.

Of course, that presented no issue for Jaune, because in beach volleyball…

*BOOM!*

The winner of a rally controlled the ball, even if they had just performed a serve.

In subsequent plays, it dawned on Iori and Kohei how screwed they were. All delusions of scoring points vanished from their minds, replaced with survival. The two ran pell-mell to avoid Jaune's serves as their side of the court grew pockmarked with craters to resemble the surface of the moon.

The score had reached 6-0 by the time they came to grips with their situation. A future awash in alcohol loomed before them, promising the mother of all hangovers, not helped in the least as the bystanders from their club started placing bottle after bottle on a table in preparation, stacked tall in a pyramid. That prospect caused a shift in their priorities.

In between serves, Iori shouted to his partner, "Kohei! There's no choice, we need to pull a sacrifice play!"

"Are you serious?" Kohei balked, his gaze drawn to a crater and no doubt imagining it were their faces that the ball struck. Jaune had to admit that in the general excitement, he's shown a bit too much of his otherworldly strength. Silver lining, the spectators oohed and aahed but did not question it further. Perhaps this world had more in common with Remnant than its Earth analogues, if such feats existed within the realm of possibility.

Iori nodded. "We have to receive the serve, no matter what it takes. Don't worry, my friend. I will handle this," he said, showing a thumbs-up that was contrasted by his bittersweet smile. The boy knew the cost of his plan, and so did his partner.

"I understand." Kohei saluted him. "Good luck… my friend."

"How touching," Jaune drawled. He experienced a strange urge to cackle and twirl his nonexistent mustache, but ignored it. His expression then grew sharp. "Pheh. Go act out your drama elsewhere, this is volleyball!"

Jumping high, he spiked the ball. It shot like a cannon, blasting over the net on course for dead center of the opposing box. He harbored no fear of reprisal, for what could they do?

In an act of great courage, Iori grabbed Kohei and shoved him under the ball. A loud *BOOM!* rang out across the beach, and for the first time, the ball remained in play past the serve. It flew high above the corpse buried under the sand, and Iori jumped after it to slap the ball back to the other side.

Unprepared, Jaune and Escha failed to stop it from hitting the ground. The ball bounced one, bounced twice, and rolled out of the box, accompanied by dead silence.

"Good," Iori declared, a satisfied look on his face.

No, no it's not.

The audience held a different opinion. A roar went up, and Kitahara Iori basked in the cheers of the crowd. What was once a one-sided beatdown had reached the turnaround. A comeback was in the making.

Hardly anyone paid attention to the hand bursting out of the ground, followed by the rest of a flailing Kohei. The boy spat mouthfuls of sand as he crawled out of the crater. His gimlet eyes bore a hole in his partner's back.

"I. O. RIIIII!" A spear-tackle took the hero of the hour off his feet.

As the two boys fell to infighting, Jaune felt a tap on his shoulder. Turning around, he found the beautiful Azusa. With a lump in his throat, his gaze drifted lower… to the cups she was holding out.

"Here we are! One Spirytus for you, and a special apple juice-water cocktail for the darling Escha," Azusa cooed as the cat ran up to her. She tilted the cup for Escha to lap at the watered-down juice, giving her belly scritches all the while. "Wow, you are so smart and well-behaved! It's like you can understand my words!"

Jaune tried to hide his jealousy at the cat receiving such lavish care, and also being spared the poison that everyone else must suffer. Holding his nose, he choked down the contents of the cup, gagging as the alcohol burned his throat. Afterward, the drink left a weird, dry sensation on his tongue that he just couldn't get used to.

The ball changed hands, and the next rally began. Iori was up to serve, and though he seemed athletic, his unsteady sway suggested that a stiff breeze would blow him over. Experience allowed him to function through the haze, and he tossed the ball high, leaping after it.

Before striking the ball, Iori's head suddenly turned. "Lisa's topless!"

Ha! Who did they think he was?

Jaune whirled around, gaze darting every which way. They settled on red-faced Lisa, who after a moment fluttered her fingers at him. Her bikini was still on, tied securely. The ball landed inside the boundaries with a soft *pomf!* to inform him he had been tricked.

"Point!"

Sneaky, sneaky. It won't work twice.

It worked twice.

The score narrowed to 6-3.

Jaune rapidly blinked, the sun a touch too harsh on his eyes as he tracked the next serve. A nice thing about two extra cups of Spirytus, he couldn't focus on the words Iori shouted, and thus in a paradoxical manner succeeded in keeping his attention on the ball. And drunk or no, his reaction speed outpaced the capabilities of his opponents. Before the ball even passed the net, he was there to slam it down. The terrified screams of Iori and Kohei was sweet music to his ears.

"Uh, Jaune?" Lisa called over. "You're taking things a little too seriously there. Might want to cool it."

She was referring, obliquely, to the fact that he had moved way faster than a normal human around these parts could. More and more, he stretched the credulity of the spectators, and ran the risk of questions being raised.

A squishy paw tapped him on the back of the leg. He looked down.

"Go get them!" said Escha.

Jaune sniffed, and wiped a tear from the corner of his eye. The cat got it.

Sure, it's a game. Pride was still on the line, and victory beckoned. He wanted to win, simple as that.

Walking to the corner, he readied for the serve.

"Wait!" Iori threw out his hand, face set in panic. "When one side regain control of the ball, you have to rotate! That's the rule!"

Jaune stared at him in askance. "You expect Escha to—How is that supposed to work? Also, I'm already giving you an advantage by having her as my teammate, and you're demanding more. That's not very good sportsmanship."

Iori shut his mouth. His teeth ground together as he mulled on a response.

"I have to admit," said Kohei, looking pained, "he has a point. The crowd isn't on our side in this."

Unwilling to give up, Iori spun toward Chisa. "Ref, what's your call?"

Jaune hummed in appreciation for the fast-thinking. Not a bad gambit, to move the decision out of the players' hands.

Chisa fanned herself to stave off the heat as she deliberated on the situation. On one hand, the rules of the game were stated in plain language. On the other…

"Allowed."

"What?" Iori staggered over to the referee chair, grabbing hold and looking up at Chisa. "Why!?"

"Iori, I agree that you're making sense… but it's a cat."

A beautiful argument, there was nothing anyone could dispute about that. The addition of a cat to the match already threw out the rulebook. Nobody could demand in all reasonable seriousness that a cat perform a volleyball serve. The species was not known for its ability to play sports.

Only Jaune and Lisa noticed Escha giggling under her breath. From the perspective of a felyne, humans must appear so silly and entertaining.

"Bunch of cheaters, the lot of you," Lisa concluded with a sigh. Jaune couldn't hear her over the sound of him winning.

*BOOM!*

That's the one.

Through the twists and turns, the match advanced forward. Iori brought to the fore his full underhanded slyness, revealing himself as the sort of man who would make any sacrifice, throwing Kohei into the line of fire again and again to stop Jaune's tyrannical displays of power. On his part, Jaune stuck to the tried and true method of spiking the ball whenever he could, his skill at the game starting and ending with that one move. The scoreboard ticked upward as the hour went by without a decisive lead.

Until, it came down to the wire.

Jaune rolled the ball in his hand, barely managing to not drop it during such a complicated maneuver. His team led 23-22, meaning they once more had the chance to break the stalemate for good. It hadn't gone so well on the previous attempts, and he didn't think he could survive another drop of Spirytus. 192-proof vodka had put the three boys on their last legs.

"No fair," Iori slurred, pointing at Jaune. "Beach volleyball is pairs only!"

"That's right! You can't bring reinforcement!" Kohei added.

All of them, including Jaune, have been seeing doubles for a while now. That's the crux of his final gambit. Where most would consider it a detriment, Jaune sensed opportunity.

Throwing the ball in the air, he jumped off the ground. His arm wound back, and at the apex of his ascent, he gave the volleyball a slap to send it sailing across the court. Immediately, a murmur spread through the crowd, because in a departure from his normal serves, the blow had been slow and weak. It's an easy return if the other team could get to the ball.

"It's going left!" Kohei warned.

"It's going right!" retorted Iori.

Still seeing doubles, they ran to the net and leapt side by side to block both positions. On their faces bloomed vicious grins. They thought they had him.

Jaune mirrored the look. He spun in place to build momentum, and launched his secret weapon. Where the drunkards once saw doubles, they now found quadruples.

"Four balls? How are you doing this!?"

Unable to discern which of the round, white objects was their target, Iori and Kohei frantically waved their arms to cover as much space as possible. Relief was found as the objects drew nearer, coming into focus to leave two shapes before their eyes.

The ball, and Escha.

The felyne uncurled from the position she had tucked herself in, extending her paws. With a boop, the volleyball bounced over the heads of the defenders, tracing a gentle trajectory that put it behind them on the sand.

"Game and match, to Jaune Arc and Escha," Chisa declared. Jaune pumped a fist in victory.

Iori and Kohei dropped back on the ground, and fell to their knees before the cat. They stared at it in disbelief.

"You've got to be kidding."

"I knew we should have gone for the Charpy Impact Test."

-o-​

Charpy Impact Test
A standardized high strain-rate test utilizing a pendulum apparatus that measures the amount of energy absorbed by a material during fracture, thereby allowing a person to determine its toughness.

It does not often involve smashing a heavy weight into one's nether regions.

-o-​

In Club Peek-a-Boo, there was not so much a reward for the winner as there was punishment for the loser. Escaping with one's life and dignity was the prize.

And so it was that Jaune stood tall over his defeated foes lying buried up to their necks in the sand, their sickly-green faces a testament to the frankly insane amount of alcohol they've further consumed following the conclusion of the match. There had been a lot of debate on whether the punishment should involve drinking or humiliation, which ended when it was put to a vote. By unanimous decision and in true college fashion, the pair would suffer both.

The drinking part was done. Now, the club had opened the floor for Jaune to enact whatever payback he deemed appropriate. He's having a hard time thinking of something, however.

Jaune squatted down, and looked the two boys in the eye.

"Are you guys willing to let bygones be bygones?"

They shared a look, sighed, and nodded at him.

"Alright," he said. "In that case, we're cool."

A beat, and the two boys brightened, grinning as they looked up at Jaune. Around them, the club members gazed at the scene with approving expressions. The mood swung from tense to festive in an instant, and Jaune almost fell over as Azusa slapped him on the back.

"Finally, it's over," Lisa grumbled, and grabbed him by the arm. "Jaune, come over here? I need someone to rub more sunscreen on my back~"

Looking at the pair, Azusa laughed. "That settles it. I can't believe anybody would think you're siblings."

Chisa tilted her head to the side, seeming puzzled. "I don't know. He sometimes give off the same air as big sis." She addressed him. "You really don't have a little sister?"

"Ehhh. Not a little sister."

He had multiple.

The merriment came to a screeching halt as everyone caught the subtext. Nervously, they glanced at Kohei to find the boy crying blood. The ground rumbled around him, his form pushing free.

Here they go again...

Universe: Grand Blue. Location: Okinawa. Event: Okinawa vacation.
Loot: Spirytus (20 bottles), 'Oolong tea' (20 bottles), Lisa's fashionable clothes,
assorted cuts of fish, miscellaneous supplies​

Author's Notes: Raise your glass. Cheers~

Next time, a new universe.
Stories:
QQ Sneaking His Way into the Multiverse , a RWBY Jaune, WC-lite mechanics story.
Other RWBY stories on AO3 or FF - Yakuza Arc | Conquered Menagerie: Annals of the Sixth Kingdom | Cat, Bunny, and the Good Ship Honey Starbright | The Agent
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, RSR2000, Amdiranifani and 702 others
LazyAutumnMoon
Aug 16, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 44: A War in May
View content
LazyAutumnMoon
LazyAutumnMoon
We all need Sundancer in our life.
JoinedJun 7, 2024
Messages289
Likes received68,284
Aug 23, 2025
Add bookmark
#2,859
Chapter 44: A War in May​


Refreshed from his break, Jaune set out once more toward his goal. Another day, another try at ultimate power.

(Or, at least, gently-used/reasonably-priced power to see his enemies crushed beneath his heel and hear the lamentation of their loved ones, except in the fire lady's case since given what he imagined of her she probably already took care of that praying mantis-style.)

He slotted a final explosive round into the chamber of Red Rook, and with a flick of his arm, the gunlance snapped back in place, reloaded and ready for battle. It then vanished into his Pocket, and that was his preparations done.

"Lisa, Escha," he called out, getting up. "Are you two ready to go?"

"Almost!" Escha answered from over by her garden. She hurried to the next flowerpot, jabbing a weird doohickey into the dirt. They're supposed to water the plants over time according to Lisa who bought them. He'd take her word on it; the herbs and mushrooms had that Astera vitality to keep them alive far longer than regular plants, but some insurance was always good. They were growing in nicely, and the first harvest should come any day now to provide their team with a number of useful items. The bugs have started breeding, too. A process that would be even faster going forward, if the feeder they've put into the terrarium did its job.

Escha performed a final check of the garden, then scrambled over to Jaune. She slapped her paw to her head in an adorable salute.

That left Lisa, and right on cue the music from the bathroom shut off. She exited a few moments later. Her Tattletale costume was back on, her makeup fixed. She sent him a halfhearted glare before walking over, snagging her camouflage cloak in passing.

"Try and stay professional, Jaune," she admonished as she threw the cloak over her shoulders.

"Try to be less you, Lisa," he said.

That got her to crack a smile, and she bumped him with her hips. He poked her in the ribs as retaliation.

Soon, they settled down and returned their focus to the apartment wall in front of them. A tap on the Company scroll, and the blank stretch of gray swirled into every color. Jaune peered through the shimmering half-clarity of the portal, studying what details were visible.

"Another alley. The portal has a type," he said.

He was only half-joking there, because he still suspected the device of sentience for suggesting [Blank] to him as a purchase—nominally benign for the same reason. As per usual, he took the foremost position, stepping through to another universe with his shield up.

The world came alive just past the threshold, filling with noise. The brick walls now surrounding him in three directions muffled most of it, but the footsteps of hundreds at a distance was an altogether different sort of quiet than the utter isolation of the apartment. It was a sensation that had caused him no end of grief his first month in Vale, and one he had been experiencing more as of late.

Jaune stood still, his head cocked to the side as he listened to the hustle and bustle of the city, finding in it an unhurried rhythm punctuated by the occasional blaring car horn that spoke of people going about a normal day. After a moment's deliberation, he deemed the area safe enough for him to dial back from a state of alert. His shield and sword went back inside the Pocket, just in time for him to sneeze from the cocktail scent of smoke and refuse. He missed Okinawa already.

Meanwhile, Tattletale was also hard at work scrutinizing their surroundings, albeit with a different perspective than him. The brick walls received nothing beside a cursory glance, but she paid special attention to the mouth of the alley where people strode back and forth.

"Hmmm. The style of dress is from the mid-industrial era. 1910's, 1920's? They sure did love their hats back then." She removed her mask, then began adjusting the cloak to better hide her costume.

Jaune had no reference for most of the words coming out of her mouth, but he sort of understood it nevertheless. The clothes, from his viewpoint, were rather dated. Hardy, simple outfits for working in the factories, and fancy frocks or stately suits for the wealthier folks. And, yes, there were hats galore. It all reminded him of photos taken in the decades following the Great War, comparable in a sense to Dunwall. An old-timey car resembling a box on wheels rumbled by to cement the image.

"Are we on Earth, do you think?" he asked. A part of him was really starting to wonder what was up with that world for it to appear so often during their travels. Where were all the different versions of Remnant?

"I assume so," Tattletale replied, furrowing her brows. "Never heard of a city named Yuell, though. Maybe it's in Europe." She mulled on it further, before shaking her head. "I'll have a better picture out on a main road. Let's go."

"Meow!" Escha said, getting in character for the planet they're on.

Outside the alley, they found a wide cobblestone avenue, well-maintained as much of the city appeared to be. The buildings featured that old Valean style of stone facades and sloped roofs, a balcony at every window, that had Jaune doing a double-take at first until he noted the one big incongruity—the city lacked a wall. In fact, it looked as if the architects of Yuell intended a design that evoked openness, with fountain squares dotting the gentle slope of the street and the taller buildings set far apart from each other.

Flower trees lined the road. Coupled with the humid air, it suggested that they arrived near the tail end of spring, and beneath an overcast sky people went about their business, sometimes sparing their party a glance for their colorful ensembles before moving on. One young man stopped as he glimpsed Tattletale's costume under the silvery-white cloak she had donned, but hurried away after receiving her scathing glare. She then scanned the area, particularly the street signs and the lettering on storefronts.

"I'm seeing English words, but not typical English names," she remarked, tapping her chin with a curious air. "Coalhearth Clinic, Idio Bibliotheque, Vera's Books and Stationery—lots of bookstores, now that I think about it." She turned her head, looking up the street to a grand edifice of marble and bell towers. "We're in a university town, is my bet. And that's the campus."

"They must be doing well for themselves with a big, fancy building like that," Jaune said, before pulling the conversation back on track. "Should we ask somebody for details?"

"No need for that. It'd just make them suspicious if we say the wrong thing. The bookstores would have newspapers and history books for me to get a good idea of where, or when, we might have ended up."

"Alright, check it out and let us know. I'll scout the area in the meantime."

Tattletale nodded, and was halfway to leaving when she paused in her tracks. Turning back around, she squinted at him.

"Wait a minute, that sounds like you're going to goof off while I do all the work. Does this 'scouting' involve buying ice cream for you and Escha, and sitting at a park?"

He averted his gaze. "I want to get a feel for the place, maybe listen in on people talking to see if we can catch a hint on what's happening in this world. It wouldn't be a bad idea to browse for items we can sell, either."

She stared at him a little longer.

"And okay, yeah, I'm totally buying snacks assuming the currency situation works out. I'll keep a share for you, if that helps."

"You had better," Tattletale jokingly warned him, and broke out in a snicker. "Get me popcorn if you find it." Waving a hand in dismissal, she left on her own task, crossing the street to head for a chic bookstore that saw brisk traffic.

"Looks like it's you and me, Escha," Jaune said afterward. "Which way should we go?"

Escha sniffed the air, and peered up and down the street on the lookout for interesting sights.

"Let's go there!" She indicated a clockmaker's shop with her nose. Jaune thought it an odd choice, but obliged, and they padded over to the store.

As it turned out, the felyne simply enjoyed the tick-tock sound of a dozen clocks going at once. For a few minutes, she sat outside the display window, her tail flicking in time with the devices as she watched the gears click and whirr with the sense of fascination one would get from a child. Jaune considered telling her that this did not count as productive work of any kind. Her contented smile convinced him to give a little leeway.

"Do you have these in Astera?" Jaune asked as he studied a cuckoo clock. The workmanship was quite excellent.

Escha checked for people before she shook her head. "Some of the researchers have those neat time-pieces they put in their pockets, but we mostly use the sun." She perked up, and turned to him. "Oh! But it's different back in the Old World. The Guild headquarters in Dundorma had a big clocktower and monsters kept trying to use it as a perch. The guildmaster got sick of it so he stuffed the thing full of bombs to make a trap." Escha smiled. "It blew up."

"That's, ah… innovative?" Other, less complimentary words flashed through his mind. He kept quiet on that.

Escha nodded. "He put fireworks inside, too. They were really pretty when they went off." A line of drool trailed down her chin. "And a ton of grilled meat fell from the sky. That part was nice."

In recent days, he had come to wonder if Nora Valkyrie didn't wander in from the Monster Hunters' world during her childhood. They were clearly her people.

Much like a child, Escha's attention changed at the drop of a hat. She soon lost interest in the clocks and darted off along the sidewalk with Jaune in pursuit. The two of them wandered from storefront to storefront, plastering their faces to the display windows. Over the course of the stroll, he learned the local currency was called a ducat, or DCT. Of course, he didn't have ducats, he had gold. To an enterprising fellow working in a general goods store, that presented no issue, and mentioning that he's from overseas excused Jaune from having to answer too many questions.

It's a fair bet that he got cheated on the exchange rate, but not unduly so. He followed Tattletale's advice of demanding double for any offers given, which did end up netting him better terms than otherwise.

With local money jingling in his hand, Jaune began to pay closer attention to goods and prices. Here, a problem arose.

There's no ice cream.

Ha. No, that's not the actual problem.

There's a whooole lot more food missing than that. Entire store shelves sat empty, the selection reduced to a scant few basic products whose original prices had been crossed out and marked up twice thus far. The huge baskets at market stalls, meant to hold mountains of fruits, carried a small, pitiful pile of bruised wares. A second glance at the avenue revealed a number of restaurants closed for the day.

Well, that boded nothing good.

"Jaune, Jaune!" came a whisper below. Jaune looked down as Escha nudged his leg.

"What is it?"

"Everyone looks so serious. It's weird."

Once she mentioned it, he found the comment impossible to refute. The people of Yuell lived under a pall of gloom. Faces were pinched and drawn, not quite at the level of widespread famine but certainly spoke of missed meals. At a cafe, conversations took place amongst grim customers gathered around a radio. He entered a bakery, walking past shoppers counting their coins outside the entrance, and exited with a bag of pastries to see them shaking their heads and moving on. More than one person chafed at his carefree demeanor.

Only the children gave honest smiles, while the adults faked theirs.

Jaune craned his ears to eavesdrop on other pedestrians. They talked of supply line interruptions, of food and blankets moved to one place or another, or lost altogether. An older woman muttered to her friend about news of her daughter 'from the front'. Above all, he heard one word on everybody's lips.

War.

Boy, oh boy, he had an idea of what this Instance entailed now.

"M-Mister?"

The voice came from the alley located next to the bakery. High and squeaky, it sounded nervous. Jaune assumed the person was addressing someone else, and continued past until a small hand tugged on his poncho.

That hand belonged to a kid no taller than his waist, who looked like he was regretting life right about now. The boy quickly let go of Jaune, shrinking back to stand next to a girl hugging a doll in her arms—a hand-sewn thing with buttons for eyes and a green dress. The similar shade of brown hair suggested they were family. A brief moment ensued as the two kids jostled position, each hoping to hide behind the other.

The girl lost and had to step forward. Her knees were knocking together, and she gulped air in an effort to muster her nerves.

Before she could manage a word, two rumbling stomachs made the case in her stead.

"Are you hungry?" Jaune asked.

The pair nodded their heads, eyes riveted on the bag he held.

Tattletale later rejoined him, guided by Escha, at a courtyard tucked behind the main avenue. Beneath the purple flowers of a myrtle tree, Jaune lounged on an ornate iron bench as the bells of the university rang in the new hour. On either side of him, the two kids sat eating a second helping of pastries with gusto. They've lost their earlier reticence, and were happily yammering in his ears about their week.

…Around the group were another dozen or so children, all chowing down on bread.

"Jaune, what's going on?" Tattletale asked, her voice flat. She had caught sight of the empty bag in his lap, likely drawing the correct conclusion from there.

Jaune indicated the siblings. "I met Hans and Greta earlier. They haven't had anything to eat since yesterday."

"And the rest of the tykes?"

"They sort of crawled out of the woodwork and it didn't feel right turning them away when I'm giving food to these two."

Greta looked up with a beaming smile. "Thank you, Jaune!"

The cry was picked up by various other squeaky voices.

Tattletale pinched the bridge of her nose. "Jaune, did you get scammed?"

"Most of them don't seem to know each other, so I doubt it." Although, he was feeling a tad uncertain now that she brought up the possibility. "They were just hungry. If anything, I blame Escha."

Escha tripped over her feet, flopping to the ground. She stared at him from that position, and pointed a paw at herself as if to ask 'Me!?'

"Yeah, you—" He coughed, and turned to address Tattletale instead. "She was playing around with the kids earlier, and the noise drew in the rest."

In the Yuell of recent time, the unreserved laughter as Hans and Greta chased Escha around the courtyard would have been a rare event, and a beacon for other children desperately seeking a sense of normality. Some had family, others were from the orphanage. A common thread connected them—they didn't have enough to eat. Reading between the lines, the city was starting to teeter.

Tattletale seemed like she had a lot to say to him. A glance at the assembled group, and she chose to leave it alone. Walking over to the bench, she made shooing motions at Greta.

"Right, well, you kiddies budge over and you can keep stuffing your faces. I have business with the big guy."

Greta nodded and scooted to the side. She's a good-natured sort, albeit shy. Her older brother was the one with the impulsive streak.

Tattletale settled beside Jaune, and after making sure the kids were occupied with their meal, she leaned closer to murmur in his ear. "The bookstore had what I was looking for. I skimmed a whole bunch of texts in the last hour and have a pretty good idea of the situation now. To start with, we're in a country named—"

"Gallia."

She stopped short, blinking at him in blank surprise. After a moment, she continued. "Uh, yeah, that's right. Anyway, we're not exactly on Earth. This is some kind of weird close cousin where the landmasses are almost the same but aren't identical, the continent is called Europa instead of Europe, and Gallia sounds similar to Gaul which is, like, an old word for France or something. People don't use oil, or Dust, but—"

"Ragnite, right?" he chimed in. "They're these blue crystals that power most of the technology in the city. Hans mentioned that they're volatile stuff. Apparently, the radio reports on explosions at the mines and refineries every couple of weeks."

Glowy crystals that produce energy, with the risk of blowing up? He's still convinced that it's just Dust under a different name.

His attention returned to Tattletale as the girl started growling.

"What year is it here?" she spat.

"1935."

"What's the biggest news of the last few months?" was her next rapid-fire question.

"The Empire declared war on the Federation at the start of the year, then two months ago they invaded Gallia."

"Gallia is known for what chief exports?"

"Ragnite is the big one, along with cheeses, fish, and clockworks plus other precision instruments in general. They're also famous for their bread."

"A game of football in the Europa International League is played with how many players on each side?"

"Trick question. It's the same as Remnant and Earth. Eleven players."

"How the fuuuudge!?" hissed Tatttletale, amending the word just in time for delicate ears (though having once been a kid, Jaune would call it a futile effort). She had a tight grip on his collars, and did not look at all happy.

"I asked Hans and Greta," Jaune answered with a light shrug. "They do well in school, and their dad was on the national team when Gallia won the tournament four years back."

Him being a willing listener had led to the siblings breaking out of their shell, and he managed to learn a lot in a short time. They hadn't cared much about why he was asking inane questions, simply seeing it as a chance to show off their knowledge.

Tattletale buried her face in her hands, and gave a long groan.

"What was even the point of me doing research?"

He placed a hand on her back, rubbing in soothing motions as he put on a kind smile. "Hey now, don't say that. There's a limit to the things I can find out from random people. You definitely know more than me, so I'm relying on you. Alright, partner?"

On Tattletale's other side, Greta copied him. She didn't seem to understand the situation, only wishing to help. The honest concern brought a slight smile to the older girl, and Tattletale raised her head.

"Right…" She straightened her back, confidence blooming again. "That's right! What would you do without me?" she declared, more to persuade herself than others.

"Nothing," he said, indulging her.

"Exactly. You'd be dead in a ditch." She grinned. "Useless."

Without a change to his smile, Jaune pinched her cheek.

"Ow ow ow, stahp!" Tattletale whined.


-o-​


With a single word, the day took a turn.

"Imps!"

The news traveled like a telephone game, that cry taken up and spreading inward from the outskirts of Yuell until it hit the courtyard, then passed over them to travel all the way to the university sitting at the center of the city. In its wake, pandemonium.

[Imperial forces are coming from the east! Noncombatants, seek shelter immediately! All militiamen, to arms!]

The speakers mounted overhead continued to blare instructions as parents grabbed their children and ran. Shopkeepers shuttered their doors, or stood on the threshold to pull people inside. Cars were left abandoned on the street, belongings strewn on the cobblestone. A distant boom resounded across the air to push it all into a fever pitch.

Some amongst the populace headed in the opposite direction of everyone else, men and women spanning a wide range of ages from their teens to their fifties. The fear on their faces was apparent, but so was the determination. After ushering the kids into the bakery where he bought their bread, Jaune followed these people with Tattletale and Escha on his heels. More joined them along the way until there were dozens.

As they poured into a building, an armory, Jaune left them behind to race ahead. He used the sound of gunfire and explosions as his heading, and reached the edge of Yuell to find a battle in full swing.

Imperial forces had penetrated the first line of defense to enter the city. There were no walls to stop them. Parts of the area had been reduced to rubble, the fountain at the center of the square flattened, fires catching. Smoke and dust clogged the air. Clad in uniforms bolstered by plate armor, the invaders somewhat resembled knights with their closed-face steel helms. They wielded clunky firearms straight out of the history books, though that did not detract from the deadly storm of bullets raining down on their foes, and followed that strange flow of combat he saw in Academy City of seeking cover and running in short bursts—warfare for an Auraless age.

Fighting them were the Yuell militia. Caught by surprise, they could only muster a ragtag band thus far to stall the assault, hiding behind corners or makeshift barricades as they returned fire in desperation. Their primary arms consisted of bolt-action rifles that failed to match the machine guns of the other side, and their uniforms consisted of nothing more substantial than fabric. The Imperial soldiers kept them pinned down, preventing the militia members from forming up in a cohesive unit. Outclassed in weapons and tactics, the opening moments of the battle had already plunged Yuell into dire straits.

"This is it!" Jaune called over his shoulder. "Tattletale, this is the Event. I'm going!"

He hadn't been sure on taking part an hour earlier, because details from the scroll were too sparse to inform him of the situation. After talking to Hans and Greta, hearing about how their father left home and joined the army to push back the invaders of Gallia? Seeing the rubble in front of him that used to be houses, bodies lying in the streets? Jaune was ready to rock.

Tattletale threw out a hand to stop him, pulling him around the corner of a print shop. "Jaune, wait, don't just rush in."

"There's no time—"

"Something knocked those houses down!" she cut in. "They have more than footsoldiers. Explosions… this time period…" Her eyes flicked to the sky. "Not aircrafts." The ground shook beneath their feet. "Tanks!"

Through the smoke, three looming shapes emerged, each running on two big strips of tread that crushed the ground they rolled over. They shared more of a resemblance to the new Atlas mechs than vehicles, armored to the gills in red-tinted steel and sporting cannons atop turrets along with built-in machine gun emplacements.

Jaune thought of the tanks of Remnant, that failed project that stood as one of the most unnecessary developments to come out of the Kingdoms' history fighting against the Grimm, mobile fortresses that had turned into veritable deathtraps consigning their operators to final moments of waiting for Ursas to rip their way in, and then compared them to this.

Tanks didn't look so useless anymore. Turns out, they were great if the enemy was human.

"Those are the real killers in this battle," Tattletale warned. "The soldiers are really just there to provide them support. A round of that cannon will do a number on your Aura, maybe even crack it."

"I think I can survive one."

The lead tank, twice as big as its brethren, swiveled its cannon barrel toward a barricade. The squad of militia taking cover there scrambled to get out of the way. With a loud boom, the stacked sandbags and armor plates were blown to smithereens. Half the squad were wiped out along with it, and the building behind them now carried a gaping hole.

"Not two," Jaune added. "But if I stay on the move, I can probably avoid being in the line of fire. What are their weaknesses? I'll aim for that and take them out."

"I'm not familiar with the nitty-gritty of them. Give me a minute." She picked apart the scene. "There are subtle differences in design between these and the Earth iterations. They've put more armor plating at the front and sides. The rear part… that's where the engine goes, I think? It could make for a weakpoint. The tracks, too." She leaned further out. "Honestly, your best bet might be to cut in from above, where the hatch—" *Bang!*

The girl flipped head over heels, slamming into the ground with a cry.

"Tattletale!" Jaune was by her side an instant later, his shield covering her. A healing potion materialized in thin air, caught by Escha who hurriedly unstoppered the jar. It proved unnecessary.

Tattletale held her head in her arms, voice a choked rasp as she moaned and thrashed in pain. She was encased in the apple-green glow of her Aura, the bullet that struck her failing to pierce her defenses.

"Sniper!" she managed to croak out.

Dead man, Jaune corrected within his mind. "Escha, take care of her. Keep her safe."

"I will!" promised the cat.

With a nod, he stood up. His sword appeared to hand. Bracing his shield, Jaune charged out of hiding.

A bullet cracked the cobblestone next to his foot, its shooter unable to account for his speed. The shot revealed the sniper's location camped up on the second floor window of a home. A not-so-nice smile grew on Jaune's face.

The Imperial soldiers soon noticed his entry into the battle, unsubtle frontal rush that it was. The nearest squad of soldiers pointed their guns in his direction. A barrage of bullets struck his shield, and they promptly returned their focus to the militia, having assumed him dead.

Imagine their surprise when he dropped into the middle of the squad, laying into them with his blade. A radio held in a severed hand barked questions as he made short work of the soldiers. Once he was done, he resumed his run at the sniper.

The man had witnessed the defeat of his comrades, and didn't take it well. His arms shook as he peered through the scope.

One moment, Jaune ran along the street. The next, [Third Arm] latched onto the windowsill to slingshot him forward, and he now bared his teeth inches away from the scope. In panic, the soldier pulled the trigger. A sharp *bang*, and the bullet hit the shield, ricocheting straight back at the sniper to punch a hole in his chest.

"Gah—!" The sniper slumped to the floor, his rifle slipping from his grip to clatter on the wood. "What… How…"

Jaune ignored the man. He snagged the rifle, and dropped it in his Pocket for later. With a cold glare at the dying sniper, he jumped out the window.

He landed on the ground, greeted by dead silence. Miltia and Imperial forces alike had paused mid-battle to stare at him, bewildered by what had just occurred. He supposed that's proof enough that magic did not exist in this world.

Would rocket boots?

Activating them, Jaune blasted off across the square.

To their credit, the soldiers adapted to the situation. A detachment sallied forth to intercept him while the battle resumed around them. One of the smaller tanks joined in to bolster their side, driving on a course to crash into him.

A quick adjustment of his flight, and Jaune flipped over the tank, landing atop the exit hatch where he proceeded to slam his sword into the hinges. He worked the blade to saw through the steel.

A bullet hit him in the back to throw him forward, putting a stop to that. His grip on Crocea Mors prevented him from falling in the dirt, and as he hung off the side, a scan of the surroundings showed the soldiers in position and tracking him with their guns. With a curse, he kicked off the tank and hurried behind a nearby pile of rubble. Bullets bounced off the spot he vacated.

He took a few seconds to catch his breath, reviewing the plan. Breaking into the tank was viable, but slow. He's a sitting duck for the duration. Beating down the soldiers might be advisable before he tried again. Except, that would grant the tanks free reign to wrought destruction.

A bullet buried in the dirt in front of him, missing wide. Jaune whirled toward the culprit, stopping short—completely flummoxed—as it turned out to be a civilian.

Well, a civilian fighting on the side of the militia, but that didn't help her case any. She immediately pointed her rifle away from him, and signaled with her free hand, trying to communicate past the noise of the battlefield.

Despite his wariness, Jaune flicked his gaze to where the young woman indicated, spotting a squad of Imperial soldiers moving on her group's position while their allies kept the group pinned down with gunfire.

Ah. The bullet was to get his attention, never intended to land.

Jaune plucked the front-most soldier with a shadowy arm, clotheslining him in passing as he charged into the squad faster than they could respond. Blood flew in the air, and in seconds he had carved his way through their ranks. Grabbing the last person, he threw the man at his allies located further back as a distraction then booked it for the militia group. His boots scraped along the ground as he slid behind cover to join the five people squeezed in there.

"Holy shit, kid—" one man began, but the woman who signaled Jaune cut in.

"Not the time, Walter." She brushed her bangs out of her eyes, and pointed. "This is our best chance to take out that tank."

The man, baker's apron peeking from beneath hastily-donned armor, nodded his head. "Got it. Sorry."

He passed his rifle to an ally, and turned around to heave a massive stick off the ground. Wait, no, it's a lance.

Jaune felt an immediate kinship with this guy.

The man held the weapon in an odd manner, propped above his shoulder instead of under it. Grunting at the heavy weight, he aimed the tip at one of the tanks. His hand moved to a trigger set on the side of the lance.

Oh.

A pull of the trigger, and the tip detached from the weapon to fly off.

That's no lance, it's just a rocket launcher!

White smoke trailed the rocket as it drew a line straight for the tank. The projectile hit home at the rear of the vehicle, and the ensuing explosion did not so much stop the tank as it blasted the thing to smithereens. A fireball bloomed from the wreckage, and metal bits rained over the area, some of the chunks bigger than a person's head. A shout of dismay went up from the Imperial side of the conflict at the destruction.

"Whoo! Ain't that a fine shot!" crowed the militiaman while his comrades slapped him on the back in celebration. "I'll bet you never hunted anything as big as this, huh, Marina?"

The young woman allowed the joke to pass, the narrowing of her eyes the sole indication of ire in her aloof facade. She turned to Jaune.

"You. Can you use that ability of yours again?" she said curtly.

He'd guess she was referring to his rockets and arm, and took heart in that she wasn't calling for him to be drowned in a lake for foul witchery. Some people understood priorities. He nodded.

"We don't have people on the other side of the square," the woman continued. Her voice had a scratchy timbre, as if she didn't use it often. "You're the only one that can move in position to catch the tanks in the radiators."

"The what?" Jaune asked, cocking an eyebrow. "Sorry, I don't know much about tanks."

The young woman shifted closer, grabbing his shoulder and pointing at the biggest tank. Jaune followed her finger.

"That blue box at the back. Tanks need it to regulate the ragnite heat. Hit that, and the whole thing blows."

He perked up hearing that bit of news, and looked closer at his new target. The angle wasn't great from this spot, but he could make out the intense blue glow at the place she indicated. There were a pair of soldiers stationed near it to provide a light guard, a perfunctory task given the lack of militia presence on that front.

The woman let go of him. "Here, Walter, give him your lance."

"No need," Jaune said, setting into a runner's stance. "I've already got one."

Two steps, and [Third Arm] flung him into the sky. The rockets then activated, angling him downward as he traveled faster than a car.

The soldiers noticed his approach. Their training likely hadn't taught them to defend against an attack of this sort, but they gave their best attempt, rifles pointed upward. The sun peeking through the clouds at his back kept them from drawing a bead on him.

A well-placed shot took one of the soldiers between the eyes. A shade under a second later, his partner fell to an identical wound. Jaune glanced in the direction he came from, and found the young woman aiming down her sights.

He touched down to a free and clear shot. The tank's radiator hummed with power, the heat able to be felt even from his spot a distance apart. Glowing blue fluid—refined ragnite—coursed through the device.

His sword disappeared, replaced by the gunlance. The weapon swung around, too quick for anyone to prevent what came next. Red Rook fired, its roar drowned out by the resulting inferno as the tank went up in flames.

He pivoted on his heels. The lance aligned with his next target, almost snapping into place without his input. The soldiers have started pouring gunfire on his position, now playing the part of the hopeless resistance struggling against defeat. A second fireball erupted to shatter their spirits.

The destruction of the third tank signaled the end. Morale crushed and advantage stolen, the Imperial forces shifted to a fighting retreat. Bodies fell one by one as the militia seized the momentum, rolling over their enemy.

In mere minutes, the battle was won. Yuell was won.

Jaune stood at the center of the battlefield, breathing hard as adrenaline coursed through his veins. He startled as a great shout arose from all directions. Turning his head this way and that, he saw militia and townsmen alike punching the air, roaring in unbridled victory.

It was him they cheered for.

His heart fluttered with an odd feeling. Hesitantly, he returned their smiles, and gave them a small wave of his hand.

That's when the artillery shelling began.


Universe: Valkyria Chronicles. Location: Yuell. Event: Imperial Advance​


Author's Notes: The bells are a-ringing, spring is in the air~ Bullets shattering the morning, breaking up the fair~

In Valkyria Chronicles 1, Yuell was but a footnote. It features more prominently in VC2 and VC3, except one was exclusive on the PSP and the other never made it out of Japan, so I'm assuming the people aware of the story elsewhere can be counted on one hand. We're veering off the canon rails for this one, and there's a reason for that. Guesses on why?
Last edited: Sep 5, 2025
Stories:
QQ Sneaking His Way into the Multiverse , a RWBY Jaune, WC-lite mechanics story.
Other RWBY stories on AO3 or FF - Yakuza Arc | Conquered Menagerie: Annals of the Sixth Kingdom | Cat, Bunny, and the Good Ship Honey Starbright | The Agent
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, RSR2000, Amdiranifani and 685 others
LazyAutumnMoon
Aug 23, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 45: The Man Who Stayed
View content
LazyAutumnMoon
LazyAutumnMoon
We all need Sundancer in our life.
JoinedJun 7, 2024
Messages289
Likes received68,284
Aug 30, 2025
Add bookmark
#2,962
Chapter 45: The Man Who Stayed​


The soldiers of the Empire have taken to watching the sky.

Common doctrine would see scouts ranging inside the forest and infantrymen covering a tight perimeter around their camps, and called it a day. The problem for them was, none of that mattered when faced with Jaune's response of hurtling through the air at breakneck speed to bypass it all.

A few times, it worked in their favor. A whiff of his presence early on, and the whole platoon would be back in their trucks, the convoy long gone before his arrival. On this occasion, they received mere seconds of warning. Knightly helmet turned upward, a soldier spotted him at the very moment he dropped down on the forest clearing.

Jaune must admit to an overeagerness that caused a wide grin to break out on his face, for the camp was an artillery position, to boot. He's been searching for these guys for the better part of two days; they had grown cautious after he took down the previous artillery batteries.

That was two days in which the last cannons of the East Europan Imperial Alliance's 705th Battalion—the invaders, the enemy, Imps, them—assailed Yuell at all odd hours, raining fire upon old and young alike. Well, not anymore.

The quickest among them unslung their rifles. They managed to squeeze out a couple of potshots that missed wide. By that point, he had chosen his target between the five cannons. The firing team stationed there had enough time to scream, then he was upon them.

He slammed into the gunner operating the handwheels of the artillery piece, crushing the man against the controls. His foot then kicked up to feed a second soldier a superheated jet of rocket exhaust just as the spotter on the other side of the cannon traded his binoculars for a sidearm, bringing it to bear. A shadowy hand grabbed that man by the head, pulling him forward to smash his face against the inches-thick metal of the cannon barrel. Crocea Mors appeared, and Jaune proceeded to lay into the rest of the team.

Around him, the camp awoke in a flurry of activity. Shock troops rushed forward to buy time, and after the last person within Jaune's vicinity fell, they opened fire to push him into cover; the cannon was just the right size to hide his bulk, and the bullets pinged off the steel without piercing through. Behind them, military trucks left running all this while raced toward the other cannons as the gunnery crews scrambled to prepare the equipment for travel. It's a tactic they've refined on the third day—yesterday—of fighting, having lost all of four and half of another platoon to the combined effort of Jaune and the Yuell militia. The guiding principle centered around a concept that caused Jaune's lips to curl in distaste whenever it came to mind: the survival of cannons and tanks were paramount, the lives of the soldiers less so.

He let them carry on. Better that they retain a measure of hope for escape. It kept their forces split, making them easier pickings.

Also, the last time he tried annihilating the trucks right off the bat in the thinking that it would force the soldiers to surrender, it trapped everyone there with him and they had chosen instead to throw themselves at him in a suicidal charge. That mess culminated with one insane fool setting off grenades in close quarters to rip away a big chunk of his Aura. Let's not do that again.

Hiding behind the cannon, he heard a small *tink* as an object hit the ground next to him. Looking down, it's a hand grenade bouncing end over end, its shape of a clump on a stick reminding him of candy apples. Before the second bounce, Jaune threw out a hand. His fingers brushed the explosive, allowing him to vanish it inside his Pocket. It then rematerialized with his grip loosely-wrapped around the handle, and he tossed it back at the Imperial soldiers. A loud boom was accompanied by the screams of both those caught in the blast and the survivors witnessing their allies go down.

"Noooo!" a soldier shouted. "He was such a good guy!" His voice cracked at the end.

Jaune winced. He preferred it when they just swear and tell him to go die. It kept things simple, and gave them the image of cruel, cold men who knew what were getting into with this war so he didn't have to think about issues like some among the soldiers sounding awfully young and holy were there a lot of them that won't go home after the events of the last few days because—

Their fault. They shot Tattletale, and attacked the city. People were dead due to their invasion.

An officer barked an order, directing the soldiers to ignore the wounded and focus on their target. Whatever their feelings on it, discipline took hold and the Imperial squad resumed their careful approach toward his position. Yet, with their numbers depleted, the wall of bullets grew scattered, unable to maintain the steady rhythm that would pin him down. Jaune seized that moment to sprint out of hiding. [Third Arm] pulled him low across the ground, shield up to catch stray gunfire.

The distance between him and them closed in a blink, and the soldiers' formation promptly fell into a messy brawl with bullets flying every which way as they chased a blur. His Aura and his shield provided a defense against their guns, but speed proved the best protection of all, and he used every method available to him—rockets, Void magic, and in some cases plain old Huntsman physicality—to bounce from place to place. Imperial armor was as effective as wood when meeting his blade. In the span of seconds their ranks underwent another precipitous drop. Red scattered in the air, and stained the grass beneath their feet.

In the confusion, a lucky shot clipped him on the hip. With a grunt, he rotated with the motion. The Imperials must have thought that was the battle won, must have found a limit to what they could believe of the reports from those who faced him and lived to tell the tale. The first note in a ragged chorus of triumphant cries passed through the clearing that then stuttered out as he continued on, a swing of his sword slicing the person responsible in two.

Between the eye-slits of their helmets, Jaune watched hope die. The last to fall was the officer, an unfinished order on his lips.

Beyond them, a change shifted among the firing teams and drivers. Ropes and hooks dropped from their fingers, the artillery pieces left to lay abandoned on the ground. Trembling hands took up rifles. One man raised a lance. They understood that there's no chance to escape with the cannons, and orders were orders. Their lives for bits of gears and metal, even if they had not a plan in mind for victory.

Jaune gave a shout. They answered in kind, terror-stricken and despairing.

Five minutes later, only one person remained standing within the clearing, and the artillery cannons of the 705th Battalion fell silent for the last time.


-o-​


Jaune observed the forest, alert for Imperial soldiers looking for a rematch.

When it came down to the wire, with death before their eyes, some of them had indeed admitted to themselves that they loved life more than they respected orders, but who could say? They might have rediscovered their courage after a bout of soul-searching in the woods, or received reinforcements from the rest of the battalion. A part of him wondered what fate would befall them should they reach their allies. From what he had heard of the strict and traditional-minded Empire, their military seemed the type to take a dim view of runners.

In any case, the battle was won, and all that's left was to wait for his allies. They were sure to appreciate the gifts he prepared for them.

At his feet, laid piles.

First was a pile of ragnaid canisters, capsules filled with a ragnite-derived healing agent. They functioned akin to stimpaks and healing potions, with a startlingly similar effectiveness; wounds that would have killed a man in another couple of minutes if left to bleed were sealed in moments. Precious as gold in these times of rationing and intercepted shipments, the doctors heading up efforts to treat casualties of the Empire's attacks, the Coalhearths, had asked him to keep an eye out for them.

Then there's a pile of firearms, which his fingers itched to sell off. With the latest ability he purchased from the Marketplace app, it'd be but a press of the button. The clunky machine guns and antiquated rifles carried low price tags, however, and could do much more good in the hands of the Yuell militia. Marina told him that weapons training was a compulsory subject in Gallia's schools, so each extra gun was a civilian that could now join the defense.

(Well, that wasn't completely true. The taciturn woman had muttered all of five words before losing interest and pushing that guy with the lance, Walter, forward to explain in detail.)

And finally, he had a pile of three wounded men, tied up with their bleeding staunched. He couldn't say it was the best idea to leave them alive, nor did he think they would thank him when they wake up. Yuell's militia members harbored a deep, unabiding hatred for the people that murdered their neighbors and invaded their home. It might end up with him needing to step in. He'll have to see how things pan out.

The handheld radio hanging on his hip crackled to life.

"Spotted you. Approaching now," said the scratchy voice of a young woman.

Jaune raised the radio to his mouth. "Got it. How did it go on your end? I'm glad you're okay!"

There was no response. Typical.

He heard the squad of Yuell militia before he saw them. Bushes rustled and the armor pieces strapped to their uniform clanked as they moved over the uneven ground. Then, blue shapes emerged amidst the green and brown of nature, following the trail that the 705th's trucks had taken to get here. The squad of ten or so people approached at a slow, careful pace, their guns poised to shoot at the first sign of Imperial red armor. Their faces below the hard helmets brightened as he waved to them.

The smiles did somewhat dipped once they caught sight of the carnage, with most of them turning green as a result.

He spied a flash of movement at the corner of his vision. Turning there, he met the inscrutable gaze of Marina. The woman melted out of the surroundings from a different direction to everyone else, a hunting rifle propped on one shoulder and a radio strapped to her hips. Her footsteps were silent on the grass; they glided past stray leaves, touching not a one. The hunter of wild game showed better training than the actual town militia members, and looked quite comfortable compared to how she was in the city.

It was harder than pulling teeth, but he found out that Marina lived in a cabin miles deep within the forest. The woman had been in town trading the prey she hunted for supplies that day the Empire launched their attack, and threw her lot in with the garrison when those guys came under fire. By this point, she's an official unofficial member of the city's defense.

"Well?" she asked, brushing her bangs out of her eyes.

Well what, lady? Jaune tilted his head, a vaguely blank smile on display as his mind raced to decipher that cryptic question.

Marina gave a pointed look at the indents in the ground marking the spots the artillery pieces used to occupy, then she cocked an eyebrow.

"The cannons?" he guessed, receiving a minute nod of the head from her. "I took care of it. They're gone, gone, gone and the Empire's never seeing them again."

One of the militiamen, a young man Jaune hadn't gotten the name of, seemed unconvinced with that answer. It's hard to blame him since the scene lacked any signs of the broken and melted pieces of metal that would come with blowing up the cannons. The young man opened his mouth to inquire further, and earned an elbow to the ribs from Walter standing next to him, who then gave Jaune a thumbs-up. As someone who had been accompanying Jaune in bringing the fight to the Imperial forces, Walter had learned by now to just accept things at face value. After all, a magician did not reveal his secrets.

Setting to work, the squad fanned out. Roles were divided up, with drivers climbing into the trucks while the others combed the grounds of the camp for spare ammunition boxes and useful supplies. Walter was assigned the unenviable task of rifling through the pockets and knapsacks of the fallen soldiers, confiscating bullet clips, boots, personal effects, and so on. Many couldn't help delivering swift kicks in passing to the captive soldiers, though they left it at that.

In a short while, they had all the loot stacked on the trucks with the captives none-so-gently thrown aboard, and everybody grabbed seats for themselves. One by one, the vehicles began to move, forming a single file line.

Jaune hopped on the last truck, where he sat with his legs swinging off the back. He could have flown and it would be faster, he supposed, but this method conserved the battery of his boots. Also, it's just nice to be around people.

The forest clearing grew smaller and smaller in his view until a turn obscured the blood-soaked ground altogether.

Through the woods, over meadows, and onto roads, the convoy traveled back to Yuell. A jovial mood accompanied them, buoyed by victory—one unmarred by casualties on their side, at that. A flag of Gallian colors flew above the lead truck to denote their allegiance for the lookouts posted in the city, blue and white with a simple design of a unicorn's head.

The journey proceeded without impediment, soon putting them at the outskirts of the city. There, Jaune parted from the convoy while they carried on. Their destinations were in the same general direction, but the way he entered the city couldn't be on the back of a truck, because…

Because…

The people of Yuell have taken to watching the sky.

The first person to notice the trucks told the second, the second told a third, and the news spread like wildfire. In the neighborhood surrounding the university where the population had concentrated, men and women, old and young poured out onto the streets. Their eyes twinkled with an eager light as they turned their gazes upward.

Someone shouted, pointing at a rooftop. A gasp was heard.

Jaune made his entrance, seeming to bound over the building in one effortless jump. A few people still screamed even now, their minds insisting that gravity would take hold to splatter him on the street. That turned into awe, the sort of pure astonishment where one's eyes opened wide and their hands flew up to cover their mouth, when Jaune leapt again despite never touching down. Alternating blasts of his rockets allowed him to stride above the crowd in a series of hops, giving the impression of a man out for a jaunty walk on thin air.

Reaching the center of the avenue, he hovered in place. Looking from face to face, he waved to the people watching him, turning in a full circle. It's important that they see.

"Our counterattack…" he called out in a loud voice, then paused to let the moment build.

His audience jostled forward, craning their ears and waiting with bated breath.

He spread his arms wide.

"...was a success!"

The street erupted in jubilation. Jaune threw his head back, and his laughter rang across the sky. Keeping one rocket extended to retain altitude, he angled his other boot. It brought him into a slow revolution, bobbing him back and forth through the air in a motion that almost mimicked a waltz.

"One more day," he continued. "One more day is ours!"

The crowd below was roaring now, echoing his words as a chant while he danced above the avenue. Many followed his lead, with partners snagged at random to start an impromptu celebration. Jaune breathed easier, seeing the joyful expressions on their faces.

He lowered himself to the cobblestones, and was nearly bowled over as people gathered round. Pelted with voices from every direction, he couldn't hear much beyond a babble. Some had tear tracks on their faces, and were among the ones screaming his name the loudest. None cheered harder than the children who clamored and climbed onto him. They perched on his shoulders or his outstretched arms, miming the wings of birds as if they would take off at any moment.

Their parents didn't even try to scold them, and in fact were just as keen to approach. They reached out their hands, striving to touch him.

It… It wasn't slaps on the back or handshakes, exactly. To him, their actions seemed to bear a reverence that bordered on… well, he didn't know what. Like how people would look in a church, maybe?

Jaune scanned the crowd. Among them, he saw even more of those homemade charms than yesterday. The citizens of Yuell have fast taken to the practice of wearing kerchiefs, armbands, talismans, and the like, dyed in the same red-and-white ambulance theme of his poncho. Others copied the mark of the Outsider tattooed on his hand, thinking it his personal crest that would help them avert disaster in some small way.

Belief, and magic. Belief of magic. A wizard, great and terrible, has come for Yuell in its time of need. His miracles were myriad and potent, astounding all who witnessed him. He flew through the sky, healed the sick, and fought evil wherever he roamed. In their eyes, there was nothing he couldn't do.

It's a show, a sham. Jaune had no better clue of what to do than they. Yet, it was necessary because victory did not end with the enemy's defeat, and a war was turning out to be a lot bigger than one battle.

Once more, he cheated the world, and it was his greatest lie to date. A lie he could almost be proud of. To give hope as only a Huntsman could.

Before long, he decided it was time to go. With a smile, because he must always smile, Jaune motioned for people to make room, and once they were at a safe distance, he fluttered his fingers in farewell and blasted off.

One street over, he landed on the ground to fall into step with Marina. If he startled her, she hid it well, with her strides proceeding at the same pace up the road.

"Yo," he greeted. "Did the others leave for the garrison?"

"Mmhm."

"Are you heading to the university, too?"

"Yes." Then, after a beat, she added, "It's loud over there." Marina jerked her head to indicate the direction Jaune had come from. The noises made by the spectators of his little performance could still be heard at this distance.

"Heh, yeah. They were pretty excited when I gave them the news. I tried doing this thing again, where I sort of spin"—he demonstrated by twirling on the balls of his feet—"in the air. They took it well. I didn't think that many people would know how to dance. You should join them."

"That sounds… not me." She had needed a second to think of the right words, which Jaune rather suspected in the young woman's case equated to the shortest words.

He replied with a bright laugh. "You never know. Have you actually tried? It's fun."

"It's useless," she countered. The pair crested a slope, and the entrance of the university came into view, lying across the wide intersection. The wrought-iron gates were open, with one gate tilting off its hinges.

"I don't think so," Jaune said. "Everywhere I go, people know what dancing is." He pushed his hands into his pockets, leaning back to walk with an easygoing gait. "If it was useless then why does it stick around?"

Her eyes narrow for a brief moment. "I meant that it won't help."

Won't stop bullets. Won't win the day.

"You're thinking in practical terms. It's, you know, the spirits and whatnot. People have to believe they can live. Sometimes, that makes the difference."

Upon entering the campus, Jaune swiveled his head this way and that to admire the sights. Even with the damages from artillery fire, Yuell University retained a sense of elegant pomp. Marble columns lined the exterior corridors, each walkway wide enough for a car to fit. Ornamental fountains, shut off to conserve water, depicted unicorn herds in gallop. The statue of the founder stood proud at the center of the front lawn, and around it were three craters marking where the Empire's cannons had missed their target.

Through the windows, one could see hallways filled with paintings, from scenes of nature to important personages that have studied within its walls. One particular wing seemed dedicated to portraits of Gallia's rulers, the House Randgriz, which culminated with a painting of the present-day Archduchess Cordelia sitting on her throne in full regalia, the scepter in her hand resembling a spiral-shaped spear.

The highest bell tower had taken a hit to crumble one side, but the bell survived. The headmaster made a point to have it rung every hour per schedule. Ostensibly, as a show of Gallian defiance against the Empire. Jaune translated that as the man wanting a way to look dignified while still thumbing his nose at the invaders.

"I guess it's a bit like this place," Jaune said, half in thought. "Sure, it has some of the hardier buildings in town, but that hole in the roof is a pretty good indication that it's not that tough. If safety was the goal, this isn't it." At a window, there was a flash of blond hair, and purple. His pace quickened a tad. "The bells, the flags on the towers, the music they put on last night… Those are the reasons why everyone flocked here after the shelling began." He waved to passersby, and they waved back. Students of the university worked side by side with townsfolk to move supplies and build barricades, fortifying the defenses further. "The people, too. Doesn't it just make you feel better being near them, being aboveground, instead of huddling alone in a basement? We're all in this together, and we can make it."

That last part was the point of his rambling, something to say to lift Marina's spirits. She needed hope like everybody else, the curt demeanor notwithstanding. As he strode inside the building, he turned to see if it had an effect.

Then, he started searching his surroundings.

"Marina? Where'd you go?" He looked up, down, left, right; there was no dark-haired sharpshooter in sight. Jaune scratched his cheek. "Like a ghost, that one."

It later occurred to him that he must have looked insane to passersby the whole walk through the front lawn, talking at length to himself.


-o-​


The meeting point was a lecture hall tucked in a corner of the campus, ideal for its lack of sightlines with possible firing positions outside the city. Jaune nudged the door open, and sidled inside to find everyone else already present, deep in discussion.

"Look. No, look." Tattletale slammed a hand on the table as she addressed the person opposite her. "If the line is broken, then the Empire would have sent more than one battalion and this place would be sacked to hell and back on the first day!"

Set between the podium and the bench rows, the table hosted a map of Gallia. Figurines in blue and red were placed on its surface to denote the last known positions of the various armies in the conflict, forming a line that split the country in two.

Up north, the line was uncomfortably close to the capital, Randgriz. With a path through the flat Naggiar Plains, plus numerous sea routes, the Empire had amassed a formidable force along that front to batter the Gallian defenses. As old newspapers tell it, the Imperial Army used to be even closer to Randgriz, until Gallia's hero (they had a hero!) succeeded in a gambit that pushed the invaders back across the river. The subsequent counteroffensive by General Damon and the Gallian Army drew the line they saw today, and see-sawed in a deadlock so tenuous that it's said a single battle could well decide the fate of the entire northern front.

Down south, the Gallians were having an easier—for a given value of easier—experience holding the line. The Kloden region remained a firm blue, centered on a place named Castle Gassenarl. They're responsible for much of the momentum behind the forces protecting the southern half of the country, which included Yuell. It helped that the Barious Desert provided a natural barrier to an invasion, barring that one time at the beginning of the war where this exact type of thinking almost cost them their capital as the Empire rushed their troops through the desert to strike at the heart of Gallia... but people tend to gloss over that while talking to Jaune. In any case, the roles reversed once the war became one of attrition, with the Barious now keeping Empire supply lines lean and fragile. It's a section of the front that many consider as secured, the cities behind it safe from depredation.

The red marker set next to Yuell said otherwise. That figurine denoted an incongruous conundrum amidst an otherwise simple state of affairs.

An old man faced down Tattletale from the other side of the table. The commander of Yuell's garrison, his fighting days were long over with his aged and shaky hand gripping onto a walking stick. Of course, a large part of that shaking was due to anger, with the old man appearing ready to brain Tattletale with the cane.

"The Imps are crafty," said the commander. He used his walking stick to move the figurines, shifting the line westward so that another swath of Gallia fell under Imperial control. The marker next to the city stayed in place, but now spoke of a greatly-changed scenario. Yuell was the front. "We are facing a continued application of their attritional tactics. With their numbers, the Empire can afford probing attacks to test our defenses. We need the Arc here to project strength. If they determine that we are weak, their true force is sure to—"

Tattletale cut in, shaking her head. "They sent what they thought could sneak through the gap and still get the job done. The structure of Gallia's military isn't a secret. They would have known that most of Yuell's able-bodied was conscripted in the national Militia with your armory gutted to support them. That's why they sent a platoon to take the city at first. Yuell didn't warrant anything bigger than that."

She punctuated the statement with a sweep of her hand. With the way her sleeve covered all but her fingertips, it looked more comical than impressive.

The girl had dressed down in period-appropriate clothing after it became clear that they would be staying for longer than a day, and looked quite demure this afternoon in a white summer dress, her hair tied up with a purple ribbon she had gotten from somewhere. She also 'requisitioned' a Gallian-blue militia jacket for herself so people would know she's not a civilian, and therefore would take her words with the seriousness it was due. It's unfortunate that the garment sat rather large on her slight frame.

Still, people did listen. She occupied an influential role in Yuell's decision-making, based in no small way on her connection to him.

"Now is the time for aggressive action," she insisted. "Jaune is doing better work out there than he would be sitting around to guard the aristocrats. Ignore what they tell you for once in your life. You should be organizing the volunteers. Put the guns we looted in their hands and post them on the barricades. This leaves Jaune to run wild which will end the problem quicker, without him having to rush back to the city like two nights ago."

Jaune suppressed a shiver. That raid was too touch-and-go for his taste. The Imperial troops had punched a line almost to the university by the time he arrived on the scene.

He looked to the third occupant of the room. Marina must have gone ahead of him, because she stood in a corner with a bored expression; it didn't seem like the others noticed her yet. The woman had been there that night, holding off Imperials from a sniper's nest on the bell towers. If she had an opinion about the current situation, she was keeping it to herself.

"That's how we win. Defense, and offense," declared Tattletale with a tone of finality. She crossed her arms, and sent the commander a challenging glare.

The old man tossed an immediate rebuttal at her. "It's not that simple. Military training is a compulsory part of our education system, yes, but the majority do not keep up with it afterward in their everyday life unless they are a member of the garrison or pursuing careers in the armed forces. Their skill with firearms is rusty, as is their knowledge of squad tactics. Not to mention how they'd fare with the physical demands of battle. The amount of time it'd take to bring them up to fighting shape… It is sad to say, but our remaining citizens are unprepared for the rigors of war."

Tattletale glanced toward him at that moment. She averted her gaze a split second later, but by then he had formed a good guess at the reason for the eye contact.

Jaune sighed under his breath, stamping down on the surge of guilt. Their little team of otherworlders were no better prepared for the circumstances they've stumbled onto than the locals. Of the trio, he was faring the best. (That's the problem, really.)

With the small acknowledgement of his presence, Jaune stepped forward to join the group. After a beat of hesitation, Marina followed suit, scaring the hell out of Tattletale in the process as she realized the woman had been inside the room this whole time.

The first thing the commander asked of him concerned the state of the handheld radios, an attitude which caused Jaune to scrunch his nose for how it reminded him of the Imperials. The old man relaxed once he and Marina had shown the pair of devices to him.

He could kind of understand where the old man was coming from, even if he didn't like it. The handheld radios were precious equipment, newish technology that saw the light of day a mere two or three years ago and happened to revolutionize warfare as a result. The bulk of the inventory manufactured by Gallia during that time went to the Army and the drafted militia units. The local garrison owned just that one pair.

"Wonderful," the commander said. He caught the look in Jaune's eyes. "Begging your pardon, your grace." His head dipped in apology, as Jaune tilted his head at the moniker and sudden tone of servility. "Your life is paramount, of course. It is just that such an obvious thing does not bear wondering, unlike the mundane objects our poor hands make. If it pleases you, may we know—"

"They won," Tattletale interrupted with a roll of her eyes. She hurried around the table toward Jaune. "No casualties on our side or he'd be a lot more glum. No issues or he wouldn't have waited for us to stop talking. He managed to hit the artillery, exactly as I told you an hour earlier when they went quiet. Whatever, that's not important." She gripped him by the arms… then took a moment to straighten his collar and brush at a grass stain on his shoulder, before gripping him by the arms again. "The insignia on their uniforms. What were they?"

He simply said, "The 705th."

The girl broke out in a big smile at the news. She bounced on her heels, studying him in detail to make doubly, triply sure of the truth. That vision of innocent joy could only mean one thing.

Tattletale whirled around. "I told you. It's one battalion." She held up a finger, wagging it back and forth at the commander. You know, to be extra smug and rub it in. "One."

"You cannot be certain—"

"I am. Every single platoon we've seen is from the same group. The rag-tag offensive they're putting up points to a unit stretched thin over a wide area." She leaned over the map, humming a triumphant tune as she moved the pieces. The original line was reestablished. "It's a strike force that snuck in. No more, no less."

The old man gave Jaune a glance before studying the map. "...If it is as you say, they would be meeting with resistance in every direction," he said in a slow and deliberate tone, ceding to the idea. "Hence, the decentralization of their platoons."

"Exactly. Unless these other two towns"—Lisa tapped on the dots marked Braeden and Asnein on the map, northeast of Yuell and closer to the front—"have fallen, they can't move unopposed. We have no reason to turtle up."

Jaune chimed in. "Well, we don't know how many soldiers they still have. I'm a little concerned about that."

"Judging by how their attacks are slowing after each engagement? Half-strength, at best," Tattletale replied. "A few more days and we got this in the bag."

That's days of people dying, plus Tattletale and Escha living under the pall of war. Jaune mulled on it, his eyes darting across the map.

"We really can't retreat? Pull everyone back to a safer city?"

The old man answered, "There's no telling what the conditions will be on the road. An Imperial attack in the open… I shudder to imagine. That is not to mention those who would refuse the order." His hand squeezed down on the head of the cane. "Yuell has stood for four hundred years."

Jaune got the sense that the old man would be one of the people staying.

"I'll bet they're looking out for that, anyway," Tattletale added. Her finger slid over the page, connecting a line from Yuell to the closest city down south. "I have confirmation that this road is unguarded. See something odd?"

"Nnnnn-no."

"You skirmished with Imperials troops here, and here. Why are they stationed on either side of the road, you ask? It's a trap. They were waiting for us to run."

"Alright, that's out, then," Jaune said at once. No need for a mess like that on his plate. "What now?"

"It depends on what my scout reports." Tattletale checked the clock. "We'll have to wait a bit, though. There's a good ten minutes before she's scheduled to check in."

That gave him and Tattletale a moment to themselves, and she wasted no time pulling him into a corner of the room.

No, not for that. Unfortunately.

"What's the haul?" she asked.

"There were five cannons, and I sold the lot for 5,000 Points. It's—"

"Getting smaller," Tattletale finished for him while giving a pout. "Damn, it was at 2,000 per cannon last time. The supply and demand theory is becoming more and more probable. That changes my plans a bit."

The prices offered by the Marketplace for loot turned out to be no static thing. The emerging pattern suggested that further sales of the artillery pieces would meet with diminishing returns at some as yet undetermined milestone.

"But for it to fall by half," Tattletale muttered in dismay.

"I think it's the sexiness factor," said Jaune.

The artillery pieces might be modern tech in this world, sure. They were hopelessly outdated by the standards of his Remnant where airships strapped with railcannons roamed the sky above the Vytal Festival, let alone whatever universes were out there that produced portal technology and interdimensional marketplaces. Lacking fantastical effects, they were just clunky and antiquated guns, but bigger. Mass-produced goods could only carry a hardworking businessman (looter) like him so far.

Tattletale sighed. "I hate that I can't tell you you're wrong."

"Oh please, you do that even without an excuse."

"Huh. Good point. Jaune, you're wrong."

He stuck out his tongue at her, and she mirrored him in kind.

A few minutes past the hour, and a phone rang. All eyes in the room focused on the device in Tattletale's hand. (Some more than others, and with barely-disguised fascination at what was considered another 'miracle of Arc'.)

Most days, Jaune would be the one on the other end of the line. Since he had passed his phone off to somebody else, he listened in alongside Tattletale.

"Long-range recon asset, report," Tattletale ordered. Her lips twitched with suppressed laughter.

"Ma'am, yes ma'am! Agent Blackdog, reporting!"

Because, clearly, the last thing any Imperial spy tapping in on the meeting would imagine after hearing the name was that they needed to be on the lookout for a white cat. Escha had taken to the role with enthusiasm, by all accounts having a ball playing secret agent.

Jaune was glad for it, as it got her out of the city where she didn't have to look at broken homes and weeping mothers.

"Listen, listen, I found another platoon!"

Oho? He leaned closer to put his face next to Tattletale, the phone between them.

"I eavesdropped on the commander's tent, and they were talking about how the rest of the batter-lion are coming here from the other villages in the region. They're preparing for an attack on the city tonight to swarm you under cover of darkness!"

"How many people are we talking about here?" Jaune asked.

Escha paused. "Erm, I don't know. He just refers to them by platoons—there's six. And nine tanks."

"Artillery?"

"None!"

He left Tattletale to continue the debrief with Escha. A plan was forming in his head, one he didn't need his partner to think of. When the call ended, Tattletale took one look at him. It told her all she needed to know. She smirked, indicating her agreement.

The Imperial forces wanted to attack Yuell? Well, they can't do that if he attacked them first!

Jaune punched a fist into his palm. He was going to break this tide come sunset, once and for all.

His team will be home before the weekend.


Author's Notes: ᓚ₍ ^. .^₎ *sneaky, sneaky*

Jaune - The sun is shining, life is beautiful, let's put a smile on that face!
Marina Wulfstan, all through this chapter - (⩌_⩌)
Last edited: Sep 1, 2025
Stories:
QQ Sneaking His Way into the Multiverse , a RWBY Jaune, WC-lite mechanics story.
Other RWBY stories on AO3 or FF - Yakuza Arc | Conquered Menagerie: Annals of the Sixth Kingdom | Cat, Bunny, and the Good Ship Honey Starbright | The Agent
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:RSR2000, Amdiranifani, WinterPhoenix and 646 others
LazyAutumnMoon
Aug 30, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 46: Players, and Pieces
View content
LazyAutumnMoon
LazyAutumnMoon
We all need Sundancer in our life.
JoinedJun 7, 2024
Messages289
Likes received68,284
Sep 6, 2025
Add bookmark
#3,039
Chapter 46: Players, and Pieces​


All of a sudden, Jaune's not feeling so hot anymore.

"How many of them are there?" he murmured, peering out of the foliage through a set of binoculars.

Inwardly, he thanked his allies who had convinced him to advance alongside them in a stealthier approach. Diving headlong into the scene before his eyes would have caused him a spot of trouble.

A small spot of trouble, his ego insisted. Teeny-tiny.

Sunset's light has cast the world in an orange glow, and the long shadows of faceless soldiers stretched across a ground which rumbled with their combined footfalls. A small clearing in the forest had become a huge tract of flat land by the efforts of the 705th Battalion, too large for them to use it all with tents laid out in rows and a chain link fence running around the perimeter. With a mere couple of hours to their assault on Yuell, the soldiers were out in force to complete the preparations. They went about their tasks with rifles slung over their shoulders, or set near to hand. Officers ran to and fro, barking orders that were promptly obeyed. Progress could be tracked by the way everything seemed to grow tighter over time, the different squads shifting closer and closer to each other.

"Two hundred, maybe closer to three hundred," one of their scouts estimated, a bit stunned by the sight.

"It looks like three of the platoons are just infantry," Walter added his observation. Kneeling beside Jaune, his lance was placed on the ground. "No tanks, no artillery, all numbers."

And quantity, in a certain light, has a quality of its own. In the absence of tank maintenance crews and firing teams, the infantry platoons filled out their ranks with a few dozen additional shock troops whose job was to spray bullets at a target. Compared to that, Jaune's side had mustered most of the town garrison for the operation, and still fell short of one platoon. He was a force by himself compared to people here, and even then he must admit the disparity was a bit much.

He contemplated donning his armor set for this one. It's bulky and slowed him down a tad, meaning he couldn't avoid the hits as well as before, but the innate protection of the Rathalos armor would ensure his Aura didn't sink like a stone under the hail of bullets waiting in his future. Chip damage was the death of a Huntsman.

Jaune blanched at that last thought. Yeah, armoring up sounded like a nice plan.

"What are we doing, boss?" asked Walter. The rest of the militia also looked to him for an answer, and Jaune realized not for the first time that earning the reputation he now held brought with it a great pressure. They believed him wise, for his victories. Frantically, his mind raced to analyze the situation.

"You're not going out there, and you aren't splitting into separate teams," he said, adamant. "With their numbers, they can overwhelm your positions no matter what you try, and I can't be everywhere at once. They'll keep me occupied and take you out squad by squad."

"Wait, are you saying that…" Walter trailed off, hesitant to finish the comment.

Jaune nodded. "It'll be on me to hold their attention while you rain down fire on their heads." Awe met his declaration; they could not imagine overcoming one-versus-three hundred odds (and neither can Jaune, to be honest). A sweep of his hand and ammunition boxes appeared on the ground, joined by a selection of Imperial machine guns. Most of the militia have witnessed him breaking the laws of physics on the daily, so it passed with muted reactions. "Keep a constant barrage on those soldiers and maybe you can trick them into thinking we have a lot more people on our side. It'll make them wary of getting near you."

Mica, a recent recruit to the town militia, retrieved one of the guns to check its condition. As he nervously fiddled with it, he said, "I don't feel so good about this. There's too many, and—"

"And we have Jaune Arc on our side," Walter replied. "He's worth a thousand of them!"

A surge of pride welled up within him that he just couldn't stamp down. It emboldened him to take charge, and he shifted to place himself between the two men, cutting into the conversation before an argument could start, or worse, someone loses their courage.

"Stick to small goals, and they'll add up to victory," he advised.

A wisdom he learned from Tattletale, it's no more than what he was doing with his trips to other worlds. Some challenges sounded insurmountable, the battle impossible to win, until they were broken into little pieces so that one's mind could wrap around them.

"We're here to remove their tanks from play, first and foremost," he said. "Those are the biggest threat to the city due to how much destruction they can cause. After that, it's a matter of scattering the soldiers. Disorient them, scare them, force them to lose heart so they can no longer even contemplate an attack on Yuell. With that, it's our win."

And just killing the tanks could make that happen. Morale was a fickle thing.

As for the tanks themselves, they sat at the center of the camp, engines idling and ready to fire to full power at any moment. Arranged in a ring, their formation turned the radiators inward to minimize exposure, pointing to some awareness that a base this large always ran the risk of discovery, and an attack. Sandbags were stacked to block the gaps between the tanks, further protecting their weakpoints with the operators for the vehicles leaning on the sandbags as they chatted to while away the hour.

With a good shot, a lancer might be able to strike true at one of the vehicles. The odd-shaped rocket launchers weren't that accurate, however. Those tanks were going to be on him to deal with.

"Marina?"

The woman, heretofore dead quiet, gave a nod and raised her new sniper rifle looted from Imperial hands. "I will cover you."

Marina's no planner, hence her silence all this while. She nevertheless excelled at her own field. In that simple phrase Jaune heard a promise, and it steadied his nerves like nothing else.

He had reliable people at his back. What was there to fear?

As the last sliver of sunlight lowered below the horizon and darkness overtook the world, the camp was alerted to an intruder entering the perimeter.

A suit of armor, which many Imperial troopers mistook for one of their own brethren at first for its crimson red color, rammed through the chain link fence. Its last-century aesthetics threw further confusion over the matter. None knew what to make of it, until one of the officers made a decision and ordered his troops to stop the trespasser—he didn't correct them when they aimed their firearms instead of trying to subdue him.

A bullet struck Jaune in the stomach, and but for a grunt he barely slowed down. He stuck close to the ground, and a blast of pale fire under his heels with each step he took threw him forward at a speed he was hard-pressed to match on his best day. His hands held both the shields of Crocea Mors and Red Rook to form a protective cocoon.

The camp was awakening in a furor by now. Soldiers from all directions began firing on him.

To them, he was a faceless thing, a tank in human form that shrugged off their attacks as if they were toys. On his part, Jaune sent a rare prayer to the Outsider that his defenses held. The white glow of Aura testified to the effect borne by the repeated impacts all over his body that even his shields couldn't fully prevent. Pitting his momentum against that of their onslaught was a contest he would lose in due time.

Silver lining, he didn't need to win. He had a goal, and reaching that was all that he needed to do.

The Imperial soldiers realized this, also, as it did not take a genius to notice he was set on a straight course to the tanks. The operators scampered to their feet in response, and hurried to climb inside before he got there.

A single word galvanized their efforts to a fever pitch, screeched by a panicky soldier in a tone of utter terror. A cry that was taken up by a hundred throats.

A name for him.

"Valkyria!"

"Valkyria! It's a Valkyria!"

Coming in fast, Jaune sprang high in the air. His shields switched with a rifle, and he wasted no time opening fire on the figures swarming over the tanks to keep them away from the hatches. Despite his one-handed grip and haphazard aim, the rounds miraculously found purchase in their targets, puncturing through the inadequate armor they've donned to pierce the flesh beneath. Further support from within the forest sent the tank crews scrambling for cover.

One of the tanks was almost ready to go. Half its operators laid bleeding on the metal exterior, but a skeleton crew of two managed to enter, with one of them reaching up to shut the hatch.

Close to two hundred pounds of person and armor landed on the man with both feet, and the two of them dropped into the hole together. Jaune found himself in a cramped space filled with levers and dials… and a whole lot of red as the man below cushioned his fall. The noise of their fall and the subsequent screams of a man whose bones had been ground to a pulp alerted his partner, who spun around to come face-to-face with Jaune. Behind the Imperial helmet, a pair of blue eyes the exact shade of his own widened in surprise.

The soldier voiced the beginning of a question as his pistol cleared the holster. It turned midway into a gurgle when a length of sharp steel slammed through his chest. The light in those blue eyes faded to a dull shine.

The stench of death quickly filled the enclosed space, blood and waste and complete foulness to make Jaune gag. He tolerated it to pan over the controls. Plans of turning the tank against its allies was soon quelled by a lack of understanding for what all the buttons do.

He tried pulling a random lever anyway. The main cannon fired a shot that exploded something in the distance. A shiver ran up his spine.

"That was amazing! Almost seems a waste to do this," he said, summoning the Company scroll. A couple of taps led him to the correct menu. Time for a magic trick.

From one moment to the next, the steel ceiling was replaced with an open sky. The floor beneath his feet fell away, causing him and the two bodies to drop the short distance to the ground.

Around him, a hush. The Imperial soldiers had no frame of reference for what had just occurred. Although they would not see past his full-face helm, Jaune grinned. They were going to flip.

He dove to the side, and slapped a hand on the adjacent tank. Peeking at the screen resting in his other hand, he caught a new entry popping up. Nobody else counted as being in possession of the vehicle.

Perfect.

That tank, too, vanished into thin air, and he could practically read the thoughts running through the minds of his opponents. The battalion only had nine of the things, and they didn't grow on trees.

He burst into motion, and his previous spot exploded in a cloud of dust with how many guns shot at him. The nearest tank had people climbing on its side, and Jaune wasted no time setting upon them. The operators tried to cling to whatever they could grab, but their strength was no match for his, and he ripped them away from the vehicle. One almost made it down the hatch before a shadowy arm reached in after him, getting a firm grasp on his ankle to drag him kicking and screaming from safety. A piteous moan of dismay followed the disappearance of the third tank.

A roaring engine signaled the end of his selling spree. He jumped onto the other tanks to meet shut hatches after shut hatches, the remaining crews succeeding in putting at least some of their people inside.

With the easy avenue closed to him, Jaune switched gears. The tanks represented genuine threats now rather than opportunities, and what do you know, the radiators were fast powering up to extreme temperatures, exposing their critical weakness. He rolled off the tank he was on and into the center of the formation, the roiling heat of the surrounding radiators akin to a breeze within his Rathalos armor. Having gained a measure of reprieve from the gunfire chasing him, he looked around to consider his next steps.

Shooting a gunlance shell at this proximity sounded like a bad idea, so he activated his boots and jumped high above the camp. A tinkertech bomb landed on the ground in his place. It went off a short time later, forgoing simple incendiary effects to spew outright lava across the area. The lava encountered the radiators, and melted through to touch the ragnite fuel coursing within.

Fireworks bloomed in the night. The explosions rocked the camp, with not a single tank spared from destruction. Burning shrapnel rained on the soldiers, slicing apart the disciplined formations and setting tents aflame to light up the camp in a malevolent glow.

That… that was a lot more than he intended.

He didn't have time to linger on it. His pause had given a soldier the chance to line up a shot, and a lance's warhead clipped him on the shoulder, thankfully not detonating then and there but still spinning him end over end. Unbalanced, he lost control of his rockets, the steady hover becoming an erratic struggle to stay aloft. The subsequent fireball at his back slammed him into the dirt with a resounding crash.

A boot stomped on his neck a second later, then a booming echo deafened his ears as the soldier standing above him unloaded a rifle round to the back of his head.

"D-Did I get him?" the man stammered afterward. He sounded like he couldn't believe it, shell-shocked by the preceding series of events which defied any conventional logic.

"Owwww…"

Bang! The rifle went off again, mostly on accident, to double-tap what should have been a dead body. Even that didn't work, and Jaune shoved away from the ground, throwing the soldier on his back as he stood up. His sword appeared to hand, and he swept it across the man's throat before he could pull the trigger a third time.

A glance at his surroundings, and the sense of burgeoning victory wash over him. Morale among the Empire troops had plummeted after the latest display. In their eyes, what stood in front of them might as well be an immortal monster sprung from legend. They held onto their guns as one would a teddy bear, for comfort rather than as a means to kill their foe.

As he advanced on them, one of the soldiers cast his rifle into the dirt. His shoulders drooped in defeat. Jaune accepted it as a signal of surrender, and rushed past him without a second glance to deal with the next opponent.

A pair of arms latched on to him, to give him pause. Jaune turned his head toward the culprit. The soldier he thought had surrendered was staring back in hopeless despair, holding him down for his allies to shoot.

"Die… please, just die…"

In answer, Jaune seized him by the visor and tore him away, shifting on his heels to use the man as a shield to block the incoming gunfire. The soldier shook and danced to the rhythm of bullets, his eyes fixated on Jaune in a numb fear until the end. His body was then tossed to the side as Jaune continued to advance on the others.

Yet, again, he felt another pair of arms, these wrapping around his waist as its owner tried to tackle him off his feet. He bashed the pommel of his sword against their head, denting the metal helmet. The second soldier fell limp to the ground.

Jaune couldn't check on his fate, because following in the two men's footsteps were a dozen more, their rifles and machine guns given up in lieu of knives, or pistols for some. They charged at him to bring the fight to close-quarters. He couldn't guess what they were thinking as it resulted in their allies shooting them by mistake. Consternation grew within him as none of them paid mind to that, nor did they slow their steps as Jaune cut down the nearest ones with ease.

And then it ceased to be with ease, as behind them still more soldiers took up the tactic. They crashed over him as a tide.

He struck out in every direction, facing no shortage of targets. The ground soon turned slick beneath his boots, and crowded with the bodies of the fallen.

Problem was, the space to swing his sword was fading, the distance between him and his opponents shortening until the soldiers were pressed right up to him, shouting in his face as they drove their knives into his armor, seeking purchase in a gap. One jumped on his back, attempting to pry his helmet off. His allies piled on, stacking their weight to crush him.

He lifted the ones above him, the six or seven men, and threw them aside. Near instantly, their fellow soldiers replaced them in greater numbers, leaping on while screaming and screaming and screaming in utter terror as all they wanted was for the monster to die.

And then, darkness began to fall despite sunset having come and gone. The moon above was hidden piece by piece, sliver by sliver, by the Imperial soldiers stacking one atop another until he was unable to see anything around him. He pushed and pulled but found no give. They had blockaded him on every side to the point that their knives were pressed into their own flesh, and they just wouldn't stop screaming!

The rocket boots hummed at full power, and lifted him not an inch from the ground. Surrounding him was a stifling heat, along with the stink of a hundred bodies. He gasped for breath, and choked on the shallow air. His foes had built a coffin for him from their own lives.

An ugly epiphany reared its head. The 705th Battalion had, quite by chance, stumbled upon a method to kill him. A burst of fear roared within his chest. He didn't feel so invincible anymore.

People weren't as dangerous as tanks, he had deemed. What a dumb thought. Who was it that built those machines in the first place?

How was he going to get out of here!?

Desperation drove his hands. A tinkertech bomb appeared in his grasp.

The radio on his hip crackled with static, and it was the most beautiful sound he had ever heard amidst this world of unending cries. A familiar voice followed, scratchy from disuse.

"Hang on, Arc!"

At the edge of his hearing, gunfire erupted. Mixed in with the sharp ratatat of Imperial machine guns were the booming cadence of a sniper rifle, and the screams all around him took on a different pitch—shrieks and sobs filled with pain that preceded parts of the human coffin growing still.

He shoved and shoved and shoved, and this time something gave. A ray of moonlight shone through a gap, returning his sight to him. He threw a punch at a soldier's face to send the man reeling, which widened a space just enough for him to squeeze through. He promptly activated his boots, and Jaune rocketed out of the hill composed of shouting, thrashing, dying men.

A bullet glanced past him, fired from beyond the tree line. He was certain it's an accident. His allies had been pouring gunfire down on the pile of soldiers in their effort to rescue him.

They were now also fending off the approaching squads of infantry who had pinpointed their location. That danger passed as Jaune hit the Imperials from the back and tore their formation apart. He wasn't in a kind mood, tears pooling at the corners of his eyes as he struck out at those that caused him to experience such a fear he had never known. Refusing to let them get near, he summoned guns to hand, blasting away in blind panic—his marksmanship made up for the shortfall in cool-headed focus. Tinkertech explosives added to the chaos, half his stash wiped out before he realized it. As the last gun clicked empty, he fell on them with his lance, the wide sweeps of the weapon throwing people every which way.

Anything, to not endure that hell again.

In his haze, he spotted a man far at the back of the fight, outside an ostentatious tent that spoke of wealth… or command. Dressed in different garb from the common soldiers, epaulets and medals festooned his uniform, he was talking quickly into a radio set.

The tiny part of him not drunk on adrenaline told Jaune to aim for that one. A sniper rifle round claimed the officer's life before he had gone more than three steps.

Jaune slammed a button on his radio, and shouted, "Nice shot, Marina!"

"Mmhm."

It occurred to him that he was coming around to the Gallians' way of thinking. The Imps were the enemy.

The loss of that officer brought with it a collapse of the last vestiges of discipline, and despite their superior numbers, soon the battle was all but over with the broken-spirited Imperial soldiers hightailing into the darkness. The Yuell militia swept into the camp, and with Jaune at their head, they rooted out the last pockets of resistance, driving their foes into a decisive rout as they shouted in victory at their retreating backs.

In the end, it was just Jaune and his allies remaining in the camp, staring off into the woods. The Gallians seemed half-stunned at the thought that they were the ones to hold their ground, and stood there in a blank silence unsure of what to say. On his part, Jaune vanished the armor that had turned uncomfortably warm over the course of the battle, and sank to the ground in relief.

Someone else dropped on their rear to join him. Jaune and Walter exchanged a look.

"That…" began Walter after a time. "Did we win?"

Mutely, Jaune nodded. The other man leaned back to stare at the empty air, an open-mouthed expression of wonder stealing over his face.

"You really are magic," the man said.

Laughter bubbled up Jaune's throat at that, and it's a sentiment shared by Marina nearby from how the corner of her lips was twitching.

A simple statement which encompassed far too much. They have done it. The bad dream which has hung for days over Yuell—

A bright flare shattered the night, the projectile screeching as it traced a line from the ground to the sky. At the zenith of its ascent, it burst into light to illuminate the area.

Silence followed in its wake. The budding celebration died with a whimper, replaced with uncertainty.

"What was that?" asked one of the Gallians.

A horrible suspicion whispered poison into Jaune's ear, squeezing his breath to a shallow wheeze. He sprang upright, and walked a few shaky steps away from the group so he could take flight.

What he spied from that vantage point was the gleam of moonlight over cold steel, a thousand flickers in the dark that joined together to form a long line stretching to the far distance.

Headed here.

His heart quickened its pace, working to a thundering beat.

The officer with the radio, and the flare. One conclusion emerged above the other possibilities.

"Dammit, Tattletale… You said it was one battalion."


-o-​


"One battalion. One," stressed the commander, as the university building shook from the latest artillery bombardment.

It went to show that old people were not above metaphorically kicking somebody's teeth in.

Tattletale huddled on a seat beside the map of Gallia, chewing on her lip as she glared at the figurines. They no longer painted a neat picture. With the new development, there's too much uncertainty to trust it as anything other than base supposition. Two new markers had joined the one resting beside Yuell, signifying two additional battalions… thus far. Their agent behind enemy lines was still spotting movement from the north and east, pointing to a constant flow of reinforcements for the days ahead.

Lying flat on the lowest of the lecture hall's tiered benches, Jaune stared at the ceiling through tired eyes. The nights of troubled sleep were getting to him.

"What is going on?" he wondered aloud. "Why didn't you see this coming, Lisa?"

Tattletale whirled around on her seat, her face thunderous.

"My deductions don't just appear from the ether!" She jabbed a finger at him. "I need information, and for the most part that was coming from the rank and file soldiers you captured."

And from questioning the captives, she had extrapolated their responses to read the intentions of the people above them. In a well-oiled machine of the military apparatus where the chain of command prevailed, that could in theory allow them a straight view to the top.

Of course, there was a limit, and they thought they had accounted for tolerances, the difference between the competency the Empire projected and the reality of their organizational structure. No army was perfect, but an image skewed to the boots-on-the-ground perspective should still provide insight into the minds of the individuals in charge of the war.

But there was a mistaken assumption here, wasn't there? They took for granted that, at some level, every soldier would hold to the overall thrust to the Empire's strategy. That their movements and goals reflected the aims of their superiors, and those superiors to their superiors.

"There weren't supposed to be reinforcements, so far as the soldiers knew," Tattletale insisted. "If help was on the way, their commander wouldn't have pushed so hard. They were getting desperate for results, and even thought they might lose. How was I supposed to know that the idiot was afraid of the other battalions showing up?"

Results mattered above all. An officer seen as incompetent could well find himself removed from his position for his failings, or even placed in front of a firing squad if his actions were egregious enough. That practice went double for the East Europan Imperial Alliance which has held on to its martial traditions, and prized military acumen as a sign of good character. For the man that could not take Yuell despite bleeding half his forces dry, it must have felt as if the war was lost.

Tattletale had read him right, up to a point. Yet, war was a game ultimately played several levels above the likes of them in this room and the commander of a battalion. What they saw as victory or defeat was so very small.

The girl slapped a hand on the table, rattling the figurines. "It's not my fault. It's not!"

Silence greeted her outburst. Jaune and the garrison commander were each embroiled in their own thoughts, contemplating the what-ifs and wherefores of this situation teetering on the brink. Looking back, there had been mistakes aplenty, avenues whose risks now seemed trivial which they could have taken had they warnings of the threat lying in wait for them.

Finally, Jaune spoke.

"…It is a little your fault."

"Oh, fuck you, Jaune!"

The tock-tock of a cane rapping the ground interrupted their quarrel. The old man looked at Tattletale with disapproval for her rudeness to a fine personage as Jaune, to which she rolled her eyes and crossed her arms in defiance. He then slumped down in a chair where he sat rubbing his temples.

"You did better than most," the old man admitted to Tattletale. "Better than I, and men I've known. I have had the pleasure"—he sneered—"of serving under many a commander who couldn't find their bottom with their hands."

Tattletale sat straighter. "R-Right? All of you have me to thank—"

"It is still no excuse to lose your head!" the commander continued, and Tattletale shrank back, wincing. "War is chess played blindfolded with missing pieces. We never have all that we need, or know what the future holds. The decisions being made in this conflict… they are settled in faraway places. It is the lot of Yuell, of us, to make do and survive these choices." His eyes softened. "Remember, that we should have fallen days ago."

Jaune heard a sniffle, barely audible. By the time he peered closer, Tattletale appeared no different from usual.

Another artillery shell shook the windows.

"Lisa, what's your take on that?" Jaune asked. "I figured they would be marching on the city at this point."

She shot him a catty look. "Oh? Sure you want to trust my judgment?"

"I always do, even if I complain. You know that."

A small grin grew on her face. She kicked one leg over the other, and held her chin as she studied the map. Jaune walked over to stand beside her chair. On the other side of the table, the old man leaned forward, waiting to hear what the girl had to say.

With a delicate finger, Tattletale flicked a figurine set next to Yuell to send it bouncing away.

"You wiped out the 705th. That's a pretty good message to leave for their reinforcements. They would have found the camp, and saw the destroyed tanks… the commander… the dead. Before they can do anything else, they need to understand what the threat is that could destroy a battalion."

The survivors would be interrogated, the scene investigated. Jaune imagined what conclusions they'd draw from the tales of fantastical powers and destruction all around, of a night that had flipped upside-down where the few defeated the many.

"Smoke and mirrors, or perhaps not," said the garrison commander. "These newcomers would have a hard time deciding which is it, and won't move until they are confident of avoiding a similar fate. These bombardments—"

"Are there to keep us contained," Tattletale finished for him. "Meanwhile, they're setting up, digging in. An attack is inevitable."

The old man nodded. "Just not now."

Thus, the city settled into a disquieting peace. Plans and suggestions were thrown about in each subsequent session without a resolution as Yuell adopted a wait and see approach to mirror the Empire. With so much attention on them, the possibility of evacuating the populace once again fell out of favor, while efforts to fortify the town pressed ahead with renewed fervor. Likewise, raids into hostile territory were reduced to a near stand-still as the militia encountered the challenge of how to send out a force that was sized both to sneak beneath notice and enact meaningful damages on Imperial positions.

Well, besides Jaune, and his problem was that he could never range far from town due to the prospect of an assault on the city occurring at any moment. After two unsuccessful attempts to ambush a battery of cannons, Tattletale ordered him to rest.

And in a way, life went on.

"Where do you want this, Claudia?" Jaune called out in the early morning hours, a barrel filled with potatoes on his shoulder.

The woman he was addressing turned around. Noticing the weight he carried, she hurried to clear a space among the nearby crates and boxes, and watched with interest as he lowered the barrel to the ground.

"Thank you very much, sir—I mean, Jaune," she said afterward.

He nodded, then looked over to the counter where others were distributing food to the general population.

Rationing was in full effect for Yuell, although most would admit that an unofficial version had begun months before he got to this world, with prices of goods shooting sky high ever since the war commenced to limit what people put on their dinner tables. While money no longer held the same importance to life in these siege conditions, a new issue arose considering the city hasn't received a new shipment of food for almost a week and won't for the foreseeable future. Yuell had already depleted their food stores to unprecedented levels in order to support the national military forces, leading to a shortage that now threatened to fall into outright famine. Measures to stretch what they had on hand became a matter of course. Hence, the daily lineup for a share.

He watched, and saw too many hungry faces. Too much fear that infects from one person to the next.

"I'm… going to the back."

Before he slunk away, he caught an excited look crossing the worker's face. She also bade leave and hurried toward her colleagues. Whispers passed between them, with furtive glances thrown at him as he ducked around the corner into the warehouse.

Nobody tried to follow him anymore after the first few times, meaning he didn't have to be careful bringing out the Company scroll from his pants pocket. His fingers danced on the screen. A translucent box materialized in midair, heaving with cargo.

A minute later, Jaune exited the warehouse. On his shoulders rested two stacks of coarse, woven bags filled with rice grains. Cheap as dirt to the Marketplace at a measly five Points each, they provided better cost-effectiveness than most other options available to him, and he added them to the pile of food slated for distribution today.

He said nothing, and the workers asked no questions. People were curious of the man seemingly scrounging up sacks of food from thin air every day, but they did their best to not pry into it too hard. Of course, there's a smattering of grumblings from those who believed that he had been hoarding it to seek wartime profits. The argument went nowhere far, undercut by him demanding no money and also drowned out by the support he enjoyed from the populace at large.

The additional supplies weren't enough to resolve the food situation, and served as tasteless fillers for the stomach. The point to them was to soften the blow, and Jaune made sure to smile at each person in line as he passed them a cup or small bag filled with the grains to take home.

"Boil it well, okay?" he said to the siblings Hans and Greta.

They spoke together, ""Yes, Jaune.""

"Good." He turned to the person working beside him. "Magari, can you get them breakfast? Three plates, please, not two. Their mother is at that table over there."

"..."

Jaune didn't think he would meet someone less inclined to talk than Marina Wulfstan, but Magari proved him wrong. That girl had been present every morning to help distribute food and still hadn't said a single word directly to him. He would have assumed she had a problem with him, except she would nod and do everything he asked. She was willing to put in the work, at least, and he did his best to show that she was welcome here.

Hans and Greta received the cooked food meant for eating here, and after waving to Jaune, they rushed into the crowd toward one of the outdoor tables set off to the side of the distribution site. A woman—their mother—was there to welcome them, praising them for how helpful they were being. A pair of crutches leaned against the wall behind her.

The shelling had taken one of her legs. Falling rubble, he heard. Ragnaid, like stimpaks, had limitations.

"Well, well, well," a familiar voice piped up.

Jaune turned his head to the sight of Tattletale, the girl sporting a grin.

"Heeey, Lisa… Shouldn't you be at the university?"

"I was, yes. But then I had to wonder where you were." She cut into the line to stand in front of him, drawing dirty looks that faded once people noticed the Gallian-blue militia jacket she was wearing. Her nails rapped a beat on the wooden counter.

"I could have sworn I asked you to rest," she continued.

"It didn't feel right doing nothing," he said with a sheepish shrug of his shoulders. "Come on, Lisa, I'm passing out food not running marathons. This isn't exactly strenuous."

Tattletale narrowed her eyes at him in a playful glare, maintaining it for a few seconds before giving an exaggerated huff.

"Yeah, yeah, go figure." She cast her gaze across the counter. "Well, since you're here… Feed me," she demanded, cutely tilting her head.

He barked a laugh. "Sure! Go sit down, and I'll bring you something in a bit." He then leaned forward to whisper in her ear. "If you prefer, I can buy a dish from the Marketplace. What we have here is pretty simple fares."

Tattletale considered it for a moment, then shook her head. "I'll have what everyone's having. Solidarity, and all that."

She left him to it, spinning on her heels while fluttering her fingers at him. The girl soon commandeered a table for herself next to the one occupied by Hans and Greta, where she chitchatted with the pair's mother.

Returning to work, Jaune found a plate intended for Tattletale of boiled potatoes and two pitifully-thin slices of cured meat, plus bread, already waiting for him. He gave the person who prepared it a grateful nod.

"Thanks, Magari. I'll get it to her later. For now, can you help me serve that group there? They've been waiting for a while."

Magari looked where he pointed, and froze for a second before rapidly nodding in agreement. The girl set about readying plates of food with a pep in her step that Jaune didn't think she noticed, while he wrapped raw ingredients for takeaway in old newspapers.

The people he referred to shared the same dark blue—near black—hair as Magari. The patterns on their clothes, like the two ribbons she wore, indicated a common heritage. He had heard the word 'Darcsen' thrown around, often in the kind of tone that made him frown. In his personal experience they were unfailingly polite, if a touch too deferential toward him at times.

After one too many of them bowed to him, he tried reciprocating the gesture to the next person he handed food to. The bug-eyed look he received was hilarious. Worth it.

He got Magari to smile. Also worth it.

About ten, fifteen minutes later, he made a second trip to the warehouse to restock via extradimensional delivery, then bade leave from the group. Plate of food in hand, he circled around the throngs of people to reach Tattletale's table.

Concern grew as the girl stood up to meet him, the earlier friendliness she showed while speaking to the mother of Hans and Greta gone from her demeanor.

"Jaune, can we talk?"

That line never boded well. He put on a smile.

"Okay, yeah. You want to sit down?" he offered.

She didn't take the bait. "No. This is better done in private."

With that, Tattletale stepped to the side. This revealed the glowing forms of Hans and Greta, the oblivious pair of siblings laughing as they played a game of pinching each other, their mother watching on in wonder.

Ah.

Dammit, she found out.

"You sure you don't want to chill here?"

She grabbed his sleeve. "Come on, ya goof."

Tattletale led the way and they relocated to an ornate iron bench in a familiar courtyard, under a myrtle tree in full bloom.

This little corner of the city had remained pristine, and as Jaune sat waiting for Tattletale to speak, he gazed at the scenery with an odd sense of peace—nostalgia, even. It's almost like nothing has happened and they were still living within that first hour where this world held such wonderful possibilities.

The clatter of a plate being set aside drew his attention. Tattletale had ceased picking at her food to focus on him, and boy did she look unhappy.

"What the hell are you thinking?" she asked in a biting tone.

Now, that's a question with a hundred answers he could give her the runaround with. He even had a couple choice quips to turn it back on her. That wasn't quite fair to Tattletale, however, because she worries. How could he blame her for that?

"It's funny and you might laugh," he said, growing somber despite his words. "I'm thinking that I don't know what I'm doing, so I'm just doing everything and hoping something works."

Tattletale cocked her head to the side but remained quiet, listening. He supposed she could tell he was taking her seriously… or maybe she's giving him the shovel for him to dig his own grave.

"Everybody's banking on me having a plan to win, but the Empire is big. Way too big. Planning to defeat an entire Kingdom is ridiculous."

"Doable."

"For you, maybe. Does it require resources we don't have, by the way?" The scrunch of her nose indicated yes. "That's the problem. The Empire is big, and the solution needs to be just as big. I can't do anything about it." He ran a hand through his hair. "So, I'm thinking smaller."

"Kinda obvious there. We got two or three battalions on our doorstep to contend with."

"Smaller. Tick-tock," he hinted.

Tattletale frowned, and leaned over to look closer at him. Her eyes widened.

"A day!?"

Jaune grinned. "Sounds possible, doesn't it?"

"Sounds stupid, more like!"

A fair take, all told. Jaune shrugged helplessly.

"Turns out sheer numbers make for an overwhelming advantage. Who knew? I'm limited to working with what I have, and that means handling the challenge that's more on my level."

"And that involves giving Aura to those kids… so, what, you're making child soldiers?"

He blinked. "Hah?" The word registered, and he furiously shook his head. "Nonono, I'm doing that to help them survive the artillery strikes. That's causing more deaths than the Imperials' tanks and soldiers. I figured some defense is better than none."

"I remember you telling me that giving Aura to others will drain yours." Tattletale rubbed her temples, and gave a frustrated sigh. "That's the opposite of resting."

"A small amount, and it grows back," he said. "And there's the chance to get it to spread. One person gives Aura to two. Two gives to four. Four to eight. On and on, until the whole city has them."

"Doing that would cause so many issues to this world, it's not even funny…"

"That's the world's fault for trying to kill these people. Think small, Tattletale."

In truth, it's an unrealistic plan with many points of failure. But then, he was throwing solutions at a wall in order to fend off a foe hundreds or thousands of times bigger than him. He's allowed to be a little ridiculous.

For example, the idea to evacuate the populace through the portal. Leaving aside the logistics of arranging a city-wide conga line, the finite space of the apartment would prevent him from fitting many people inside, and would mean abandoning everyone else.

Tattletale didn't take his advice well, and was groaning into her hands now. "And that explains the food you're buying." Oh great, she caught that, too. "We can't feed a city, you idiot!"

"Forever? No." For a while? Perhaps a different answer. There's a time to teach people to fish, and a time to just get food in their hands.

"It's a waste of Points," Tattletale snapped back. She raised her head to glare at him. "At this rate, we might as well call it quits before we get hit by the artillery and die as paupers, Jaune!"

He flinched. "Can we… not go just yet?"

"Fucking—" Tattletale was working up into a furor, shaking in anger as she hissed, "Why are you doing all this? Why even care? They don't…" Here, she faltered. What she wanted to say, she couldn't, and so amended, "They're nice people, but their whole country is at war. In the long run—"

"In the long run, we're all dead," he said, causing Tattletale to freeze mid-sentence. She stared at him, her gaze uncertain. "That's the world. That's life."

He reached over to pick a flower that had fallen on her hair, holding it up to his view. He twirled it between his fingers to admire the vivid purple shade of the petals, and took in its scent.

"The lofty goals are nice and good, but each day we're alive is another day won. To me, this is worth fighting for."

They both looked up as explosions rocked the area.

"Imperials are at it again," Jaune commented in a casual tone, a far cry from days ago.

"Yeah…" Tattletale performed a stretch. "Nearest shelter?"

The answer was instantaneous. "Bakery."

Everybody in the city had learned to memorize the best places to hide.

Conversation put on hold, they got to their feet, and set out at a brisk yet untroubled pace. Running in a panic could lead to accidentally diving face-first into a blast. One lived longer by maintaining calm, along with firm footing. Tattletale even remembered to take her plate of food with her.

The door to the store was left unlocked, intended for this exact scenario. As Jaune ducked inside, the radio on his hip crackled.

"Jaune!" shouted the voice of Walter. "Imperials on the horizon! They're launching another offensive, and I see tanks!"

He cursed, and turned back to the door. Tattletale motioned him to stop and continue to the basement. He hesitated for a moment, but listened to her in the end.

The radio activated a second time. "More from the north!" Then, as they were descending the steps to the level below. "South, too! It's an attack from three directions! I… I… Jaune, what do we do!?"

Jaune raised the radio to his mouth. Tattletale snatched it out of his hand, speaking in his stead.

"Bunker down. The artillery is there to cover their approach. We're scattered all over the place, meaning it's no use going out to meet them, so get to safety and be ready for a battle immediately after the shelling stops. Pass the word along to gather at Rendezvous Point B. We will regroup there to organize a response."

The clipped, authoritative tone of her voice broke through the militiaman's agitation.

"Yes, ma'am!" he cried, and they could almost imagine the salute he was performing from that answer alone. Silence followed on the radio.

Jaune and Tattletale both slumped against the basement wall, sliding down to sit on the floor. The darkened interior of the room made it impossible to see further than a couple of inches, leading them to draw closer. The building shook and rattled as they waited for the shelling to end.

After a minute of utter quiet between them, Jaune spoke up. "You know, we haven't been alone in a while, huh?"

"Yeah," Tattletale answered, chin resting on her knees. "It's been a long week. They kept us pretty busy."

Always with a raid to conduct, or a strategy meeting. If not those, then they were dealing with the fallout of damages to the city, and attempting to raise morale.

He couldn't help but laugh. "How is it that the first chance we have to relax together is during an artillery bombardment?"

"Pft!" Tattletale covered her mouth. "Oh god, that's so messed up."

"Right?"

In the dark, they leaned on each other, snickering at the joke that was their life.

"Tattletale?" he said afterward.

"Yeah?"

He idly tapped his fingers on the wooden floor, collecting his thoughts.

"I don't like war. I really, really don't like war."

Tattletale didn't answer for a time. He felt her gaze on him, her breath tickling his neck.

"Then, would you leave it here?"

Jaune closed his eyes and tilted his head back until it hit the wall, thinking on the question. Behind it was a suggestion, that they could run and never look back. Abandon the city, go home. Travel to new universes and shove the memory of what happened here to the corners of their minds.

He was sure he could forget Yuell, in due time. But to consider the question…

"Not this one," he said, without a lie.

Lisa reached over, and brushed his cheek with a gentle, soothing hand.


-o-​


Nearing on midnight, Jaune sat upon a bell tower ledge and gazed out over the meadows of Yuell. It used to be a picturesque scene, now marred by the crisscrossing tank tracks.

He heard a loud boom, and watched as part of a house collapsed—its support column had been taken out. The occasional artillery shell was still hitting the city even at this hour, though it's more a psychological ploy than a true bombardment. People learned quick to sleep through the sound of a bomb. More than three in succession was the signal to wake up.

His head turned toward the northern side of the city, and he exhaled a resigned breath at the state of it.

The incursion by the Imperials lasted for the better part of the morning and early afternoon. Their three-pronged approach led to Yuell's forces being split in order to blunt the offensive, with resistance a slapdash affair of militia and civilians mounting the barricades built throughout the week. It bought time for him to take the field, but casualties were… high, as a result.

The Imperials were seeking to draw out the fight, as it turned out. The platoons attacking the south and east had grouped close together, and naturally he had sought to counter one after the other, leaving the northern skirmish to fester. That third force wasted no time carving out a foothold, fortifying it with further reinforcements from the rear until a swath of the city bristled with machine gun emplacements and tanks.

Tattletale wasn't happy with what he did to dislodge them. Went a tad apoplectic, in fact.

Eh, she forgave him once she saw it in action. He was only one person, and more power to him did not always overcome a challenge because he was limited to one place at a time. At least, unless he had clone powers or something, but that was outside his means.

Come noontime, the Yuell militia had taken to the field to startling effectiveness.

It proved the right call, and he would fight anyone that said otherwise. After all, the city managed to survive the battle with the pitiful amount of ready combatants on their side, although a large part of that was due to the collapsing morale among their enemy's ranks.

Victory was won by scaring the hell out of the Empire. With flash and glam and magic the likes this world has yet to see.

Still, lights remained in the forest, miles out. The invaders refused to give up, and were creeping ever closer as they narrowed down the specifics of his abilities.

Nothing for it, he'd do his best. He had a few ideas for that anyway, to keep ahead of the curve. Tattletale will hate it.

A yawn escaped his mouth, telling him to head for bed. It'd likely be a better sleep than the previous nights. He climbed back into the bell tower, and before descending the staircase, he looked up past a hole in the roof.

"Good night, Marina."

Above, the young woman gave a hum in response.

The situation for Yuell did not improve in drastic fashion the next morning, nor the days thereafter. News of Empire forces arriving to swell their numbers dampened the spirits of the city's defenders. Escha ranged far and wide, reporting contact at all hours. Each new offensive, they hit a little harder. Each raid, they tried a new strategy. Everyone could sense it in the air, they were building up to something.

By now, none could deny the truth. The war front has come to Yuell.

And yet, the city held. Through day, through night, it held.

It was in this vein that Yuell approached the end of the second week, having grown accustomed to a new normal. But then, as they woke up one morning, Jaune and everybody else found themselves standing at the edge of the city, watching on in awe.

The road to the city was cast in sky blue, pounded flat by footsteps.

The long procession marched at an uneven pace; no lockstep soldiers were they. Their uniforms were grimy from battle and travel, yet were unmistakable to the eyes of the citizens. Many of the newcomers were waving enthusiastically, with the people of Yuell returning the gestures with hesitant ones of their own, their minds disbelieving of the sight.

At the forefront of the procession traveled a tank, the treads rumbling over the dirt road at a human's marching pace. Its angled plating and flatter shape set it apart from the blocky designs Jaune had encountered from the Empire. Colored in Gallian-blue, a white flower was painted on its turret. A few soldiers were hitching a ride, lazily lounging atop the tank.

Most noticeable of all was the white cat squatting on the tip of the cannon. After reporting of their presence, Escha had joined them in the trip back to the city.

The tank came to a stop before the crowd. The first of the marching men and women to arrive rounded the war machine to stand on either side of it. They cradled their guns on their shoulders, showing cocky smiles.

With a squeal of metal the tank hatch opened up, and a young man emerged from the interior. He took a deep breath of the fresh air and wiped the sweat off his brow, ashy brown hair fluttering in the breeze as he enjoyed the moment in the sunshine, before realizing the many gazes directed at him. Giving a sheepish laugh, he climbed down to the ground.

Behind him, Jaune caught a glimpse of a girl with dark-blue hair poking her head out of the tank.

The young man walked up to the city, correcting his course once he noticed Jaune standing further to the front than the others plus the way the people of Yuell were looking to him for their cue. He stopped in front of Jaune, and held out a hand.

"Uh, hi—" The young man cleared his throat, and straightened his back. "I mean, I am Lieutenant Welkin Gunther of Squad 7, Gallian Militia 3rd Regiment… Nice to meet you."

Overhearing the polite greeting that he couldn't help but tack on, his subordinates chuckled and shook their heads. They appeared to be unsurprised by his behavior.

The front has come to Yuell, and so has the hero of Gallia.


Author's Notes: There is no Author's Notes in ̶B̶a̶ ̶S̶i̶n̶g̶ ̶S̶e̶ Yuell
Last edited: Sep 6, 2025
Stories:
QQ Sneaking His Way into the Multiverse , a RWBY Jaune, WC-lite mechanics story.
Other RWBY stories on AO3 or FF - Yakuza Arc | Conquered Menagerie: Annals of the Sixth Kingdom | Cat, Bunny, and the Good Ship Honey Starbright | The Agent
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, RSR2000, Amdiranifani and 620 others
LazyAutumnMoon
Sep 6, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 47: The New Front
View content
LazyAutumnMoon
LazyAutumnMoon
We all need Sundancer in our life.
JoinedJun 7, 2024
Messages289
Likes received68,284
Sep 13, 2025
Add bookmark
#3,197
Chapter 47: The New Front​


When couriers from Yuell brought news of the city beset by Imperial troops to the Gallian Army, its leaders thought the southern front had experienced a collapse and thus scrambled to fortify Randgriz from an assault they were certain would be imminent. In the process, they gave Yuell up as a lost cause. After all, it's been days since the messengers left the place with an artillery bombardment ongoing at the time. Good luck withstanding that.

When the attack on the capital never manifested, and Gallian high command instead received missives of Yuell not only standing but striking back against the Empire's army, everyone threw around praises along the line of 'plucky Gallian can-do spirit' and such to hide their sheer puzzlement as to the how. Sure, these new couriers told them an answer, except that was instantly dismissed as fanciful nonsense.

Then, they noticed movements behind Empire lines. Units that were bolstering the northern front seemed to be shifting southward, bypassing the central region to reach a destination even further below. Imagine the surprise of the generals and strategists as the answer they got from spies embedded in enemy territory matched what they've already heard. It shook these men to the core, let alone the rest of the country once somebody in the know blabbed their mouth.

Denied by some, hailed by others, one word traveled across Gallia at the speed of journalism.

Valkyria.

Now that warranted a response.

Squad 7. Squad 6. Squad 4. Squad 3. Squad 1.

The military mustered the nearest troops available that they could spare, and reinforcement for Yuell came in the form of a contingent sent by the national Militia, civilians drafted in times of war to support the professional Army. They may not be career soldiers, but they counted as five platoons' worth of able-bodied men and women that Gallia had deemed ready for battle, nevertheless. Veterans in comparison to the local volunteers, they've been blooded on the battlefield for months. The contingent boosted the effective number of Yuell's forces beyond the wildest expectations of a city that had in all honesty thought itself abandoned by the rest of the nation, and were a welcomed relief to its citizenry.

Of course, given the state of Yuell in regards to food reserves, looming threats, medical emergencies, the general trauma accumulated through facing the enemy alone without help for days on end among a whole long list of other issues, a celebration wasn't exactly on the schedule. After receiving a brief summation, Lieutenant Welkin Gunther had passed on the order: go, go, go!

The ensuing hours passed at a frantic pace. A field of tents sprang up in the shadow of buildings on the university campus to provide quarters for the influx of soldiers, and from there the officers sent their forces all over the city to where they would do the most good. Their medical personnel went to support the doctors working under the Coalhearths. Trenches, holes, and barricades meant to deter Imperial offensives were assessed then improved on, with extra hands pitching in from the common soldiers to expedite the process. The engineering corps lent their expertise elsewhere, calculating angles and planting charges before commencing their plan to collapse a series of buildings on the outskirts, blocking off roads and gaps with the rubble. Yuell finally had a wall.

That one… earned them less favor with the residents of the city than their other efforts. A lot of people didn't share Jaune's outlook on the comforting nature of a nice, big wall twice taller than his height, and complaints sprouted to dampen the earlier optimism. The Imps were bad enough, seeing their own side wrecking the city drew forth an uglier feeling. Some also resented the fact that they were drained close to dry of defenders and food at the start of the war, only to get attacked when they were weakest by the very enemy that the military was supposed to protect them against. Grievances building for weeks or even months met an outlet, and began to spill out.

On the soldiers' part, the incoming Militia seemed to have expected a livelier response from Yuell for providing the help they were seeking, except for every person happy to have the soldiers here, there was one or two that kept muttering about how they were doing just fine without it, going on about Arc this and Arc that. The constant comparison would be bearable if half the things said weren't clearly tall tales.

Caught in between, soldiers that hailed from Yuell returned to broken homes. They found a worrying number of faces they knew gone, the ones left behind looking at them as if they were outsiders.

Also there was, like, three different cults that have sprung up in the time they were away. What was the deal with that?

In any case, this abrasive attitude came as very little surprise to Tattletale and, encouragingly, Welkin Gunther. With both sides each having their own way of doing things now being told to work together in a tense situation, it would lead to friction as a matter of course and could go bad fast. Integration was a priority.

The answer they arrived at involved a mission. One that would remind everybody of their true enemy while ensuring long-term operationality for the Gallian Militia in the region.

Those artillery batteries had to go down.

So, as soon as they had some halfway-decent defenses in place to guard the city, Jaune immediately set out to do what he did best. Robbing his targets blind and selling off their possessions to enrich himself.

"Yo ho ho, I do love the pirate life," Jaune said as he checked his Points balance. Around him, the Imperial outpost lay in ruins.

A whistle pierced the air, hanging low in pitch then switching to a sharp high note. Recognizing the signal, he stayed peaceful as the bushes rustled nearby. His allies soon emerged with guns at the ready.

Half of them had the muzzles of their rifles pointed to the ground. Having worked with him on the regular, they knew what they'd find. The other half swept their weapons back and forth, following ingrained protocol to secure the perimeter. They behaved with a level of snappy competence that was absent from the Yuell garrison, and the occasional disapproving look leveled at the locals spoke enough of their opinion. To the real troops, Walter and his colleagues were green as grass.

Jaune hid a groan as one person in particular swaggered right up to him. Of the Squad 7 detachment tagging along, Corporal Brigitte "Rosie" Stark was the cockiest of them all and she chafed at the idea of him leading the operation. In her words, they should be leaving it to people that knew what they were doing; a fresh-faced farm boy had no place in command. Big words for a city slicker in their twenties, as if either of those qualities made her any better than him.

And also, not a farm boy. Jaune Arc was a frontier man, thank you. Sounded way better.

In any case, he somewhat understood where she was coming from. It was a hostile world facing them right now, and a wrong move could spell death for one's fellow soldiers. Nobody wanted to serve under an unqualified leader in these circumstances. Still, experience was relative. He, and the people fighting by his side this whole time, have reduced artillery hunting to an art form. Not that the corporal believed it.

"Alright, where are the cannons?" She gave a pointed look at the indents in the ground by their feet, and cursed. "Tell me you didn't let them get away. We needed those blown up!"

"I handled them," he assured her, displaying a thumbs-up and his brightest, most confident smile.

She huffed in exasperation. "Great, well, we're going to have to do a search. Maybe that'll tell us which direction the Imps took them."

The smile dropped, and he pursed his lips in displeasure. The corporal thought he was lying.

"No, I meant that I got rid of the cannons," he said. "They're gone for good and won't bother us again."

"Kid, you ran maybe ten seconds ahead of us. There's no way you managed anything."

"I flew."

"Uh-huh. Sure you did. I didn't see it."

Behind her, a large and grizzled man raised his finger, then thought better of it and returned to his task, giving Jaune a shrug. Sergeant Largo Potter held a similar sense of condescension as his squadmates about Yuell's garrison, though in his case he had caught Jaune blasting off into the sky while Rosie had been busy sweeping their rear for enemy flanking maneuvers.

Jaune motioned at the battle's aftermath strewn across the outpost as his rebuttal.

Rosie crossed her arms, a stubborn set to her jaw. "Good job tossing grenades around," she grudgingly praised. "Messy, but it made our job easier. Still doesn't mean the cannons are destroyed. We need confirmation beyond one person saying 'trust me', you get me?"

That would be easier if there was any trace of them left. Gone meant gone. Jaune looked around the area, then swiped a bloody helmet off the ground. He fished the Company scroll from his pants pocket once again, holding it out of sight.

"Watch this." He tapped the entry for the helmet on the inventory page.

Rosie blinked as the headgear that couldn't protect its owner vanished into thin air. The thing was worthless to the Marketplace, but it demonstrated his point and he got to enjoy the sight of her circling him multiple times while mumbling about how it must be a magic trick. The following minutes were spent with the corporal demanding that he perform the same act over and over with random objects so she could spot where he was shoving them (which he maintained was just an excuse for her eyes to linger on his rear), until Marina stepped out of the woods to interrupt the argument.

The young woman behaved no friendlier to Squad 7 than to anybody else, and ignored them as she walked toward him. A long case hung over her shoulder, the sort that was used to store musical instruments and the like. She looked between Jaune and the corporal, ultimately deciding that he was the person to report to.

"The stragglers are… dealt with." She glanced back and rubbed the case with her hand, the gesture almost affectionate. "And I found more."

His posture sharpened to alertness at the news. "Where? And how many?"

"Southeast. Thirty," Marina answered promptly. "I saw tents... and crates. They're hidden under camouflage netting. No…" She indicated the empty space that the artillery pieces used to occupy.

"That sounds like a supply depot," Rosie remarked. There was a gleam in her eyes, matched by Jaune. A silent agreement passed between them to put their current antagonism on hold. Their looter souls were burning bright.

"Jaune," Walter called out, having overheard. "Why don't you stick with us this time?"

He cocked his head. "You sure?"

"Come on, hotshot. It's safer with us covering you." The man didn't mention that it would mean greater danger for everyone else, and Jaune didn't bother trying to dissuade him or the others anymore. They've made it clear that they were willing to fight by his side, come what may. Walter cracked a smile. "Let's let the newcomers watch how we work."

Rosie rolled her eyes. "Yeah, yeah, show us what you yokels can do. Promise I won't laugh at you."

Jaune and Walter shared a look. Grin mirrored grin, full of giddy anticipation.


-o-​


The camp blazed red as beams of light sliced through the supply depot.

Imperial soldiers fell where they stood, smoking holes in their bodies cauterized by heat. Those still alive scrambled to hide behind whatever defensive positions they managed to reach and leveled their guns in the direction of the attacks. Try as they might, however, they could not spot their assailants and, unable to mount a proper response, they had to fire blind at their surroundings and shouted in the chaos for orders.

Deep within the forest far outside the range of enemy weaponry, Jaune and the Yuell garrison aimed down their sights. In a calm and methodical manner, they let loose a new volley. Another set of screaming voices thereafter cut short.

Jaune cradled the rifle on his shoulder, and turned to look behind him.

The Squad 7 troops stared back, jaws hanging open.

"We should be done soon," he said to them, then tapped Walter to get his attention. "Looks like we've thinned their ranks quite a bit. The rest aren't about to come out in the open, so I'll go and flush them out for you."

The other man nodded. "We'll cover your approach."

The rifle Jaune was wielding swapped for his sword. The two NCOs, Rosie and Largo, realized his intentions as Jaune rushed ahead of the formation. They sprang forward to try and grab him, shouting in a panic for him to come back. The unperturbed Yuell militia waved them off and continued laying down gunfire while snickering to one another.

Most of the soldiers didn't even notice him when he entered the camp, too concerned with their own safety. The one person shooting at him was in turn zapped by a red beam that burned away a chunk of his shoulder before Jaune ever got there. Sprinting past the injured man, he charged at a wall of sandbags, swiping at the people hunkered behind it with his sword. They recognized him by his face, his clothes, his weapon. Running was better than dying, and they scurried out of hiding.

The fastest soldier made it three steps before eating a red beam to the side of his head. Jaune carried on, crashing into the Imperial soldiers to throw them every which way as he trusted his people to handle the runners. Complete misses rarely occurred, and if it did, a second shot would finish the job.

The mop-up operation ended within five minutes.

And as his allies rejoined him, Jaune watched those from Squad 7 walking in a stupor. Their eyes were locked onto the guns carried by the local militia—Jaune's answer to the conundrum that was the defense of Yuell.

Gallian tradition typically led to manufacturers painting the wooden gunstocks in the blue of their flag. It was a calling card, an affectation that denoted patriotism in one's own home. These rifles were colored in green, and composed of metal from end to end. They bore a clunky appearance which was common among current machine gun designs. The shape didn't quite match Gallian or Empire craftsmanship, however, although the golden double-headed eagle etched on the side suggested Empire origins to raise a few eyebrows.

Then there was the most important detail about them. The fact that they shot lasers.

Faced with overwhelming numbers wielding superior arms (compared to his allies), Jaune had stopped to consider his options. The issue all came back to Points. A power that would allow him to defeat the enemy battalions cost too much for his budget, whereas the affordable abilities lacked the strength to turn the tide. Moreover, the Imperial strategy of splitting their forces neatly countered the equalizing potential he brought to an encounter. He couldn't fight on multiple fronts, nor summon a bigger army to match them soldier for soldier.

What he could have done, was to make the troops at his disposal better.

It began with modern arms, the Earth equivalent of the assault rifles used by the Atlas military. When that failed to stem the Imperial advance, he moved to super modern; bigger clips, faster rate of fire, and so on and so on. Then, he made the jump to the outright futuristic, and there magic was born.


Lasgun
Universe: 40K
Standard issue arms for the Imperium's lowly grunts.
Cheap, weak, and replaceable. But not worthless.


From one imperial army to another, a laser bolt to the head. Jaune found it apt.

A lasgun was accurate at ranges beyond the weapons of this era, the individual shots hampered only by the human ability with equipment flaw a near non-factor. The laser maintained its straight trajectory until the point it dissipates, while recoil issues became moot due to the nature of the technology. The beams punctured through the thin armor of the Imperials' uniforms like paper, and roasted the wounds they left in flesh. Wielding these, battles turned into one-sided affairs where Empire soldiers must cross an unrelenting hail of gunfire before they had a prayer of hitting anything.

The best part? Rechargeable ammunition. Tattletale noticed the half-spent 'power pack' supplying the gun had replenished a charge while exposed to sunlight, and later heating it near a fire achieved similar results. The rifles were in essence a one-and-done purchase.

Add a few extra power packs on top of that, and he ensured close to zero downtime on his side in an engagement. A rain of lasers was no hyperbole.

Lasguns were just plain unfair. Even Tattletale admitted that he couldn't have chosen better, despite the ongoing contention between him and her over the loss of Points.

"What are those guns?" said Sergeant Largo in awe.

"The Yuell special," Walter answered proudly. The man loved his lance, but he had jumped at the offer for a lasgun to supplement his loadout.

"That… that doesn't explain anything!"

"You should be dead," Corporal Rosie interjected. She was looking at Jaune and shivering. "I saw bullets hitting you at point-blank range. Why aren't you a bloody smear spread across the ground? Are you really—" Her eyes were wide, breaths coming short.

"Magic?" Jaune finished for her. He let the word hang in the air for a moment, before laughing. "I know, I know. It's not a great answer, but how about we leave it at that? Explaining would just make things more confusing."

"And you can fly?" the corporal asked in a small voice. The earlier attitude had faded, she sounded far less cocksure.

He hopped onto the air, and hovered there. "Tada~" Landing on the ground, he said, "So, you got to see what we can do now. I hope you can report to your lieutenant that we aren't helpless. Let him know that we'll go over what my troops and I bring to the table once we have some free time."

Among the Squad 7 detachment, backs stiffened and glances flitted between one another. It seemed Tattletale was correct, something she will be happy to hear. Welkin Gunther had directed his subordinates to investigate them.

Oh, it probably wasn't out of maliciousness. The question of how Yuell managed to cling on against dire odds needed answers, and the lieutenant was better served seeking trusted accounts in lieu of rumors. Strangers told lies. (Jaune would know.)

A flash of blue light passed by him, whipping up his hair. A scream, and Jaune turned to see an Imperial soldier falling to the ground. He had been trying to sneak away and now clutched the bleeding stump that remained after the shot took his leg.

"Got the officer," said Marina through the radio.

"Nice work, Marina. Thanks."

While Walter and another local militia member hurried off to secure the wounded Imperial, Jaune turned to wave at the young woman who was still hiding in the shadows of the trees. She signaled back with a gesture that he didn't understand. Propped on her shoulder was a long, oddly-shaped rifle taken from the case she carried everywhere nowadays. Electromagnetic coils lined the thin barrel, and it bore a handcrank on the side of the gunstock. A scope sat atop the entire assembly for long-range accuracy.


YCS/186 Gauss Rifle
Universe: Fallout
What if gun, but lasers?
Science tackled the hard questions and wrought something truly awful upon the world: the last gun you will ever hold, for nothing else in this wild, wild wasteland of 2281 compares.


Nobody has found evidence that Marina sleeps with the thing in her arms like a teddy bear, but that was because nobody ever managed to catch her sleeping in the first place. The Fallout universe grew more interesting by the day, as along with stimpaks they have developed quite decent weaponry. The Gauss rifle lagged behind in the sheer efficiency of the lasgun, though compensating with higher performance for almost the same cost. It fit better for sniping work, and he had nabbed one for Marina to put to devastating effect.

It also fried the last bit of composure for the Squad 7 soldiers. Rosie seemed to have decided that this nonsense was Largo's problem, throwing her hands up and walking away to leave the older man to handle the matter.

Largo scratched his head, and looked around. In the end, he gave a shrug and clapped Jaune on the shoulder.

"Your team's doing good," he said in a gruff voice. "They're a haphazard lot, but they know how to function as a squad."

Jaune accepted it for the conciliatory gesture it was, and offered the man a handshake. "We had many chances to learn." Battle after battle after battle, until they grew numb. "We aren't here to push everything onto you, we just… need more help."

That, the sergeant understood. Largo returned the handshake with a crushing grip.

"Hey, Jaune? I think we hit the motherload," called out one of the town militia members. She stood next to a crate, the top of which had been removed. A blue glow emanated from within. Not only Jaune, everybody gathered round to check it out.

He peered at the contents. "Liquid ragnite?"

"Same thing over here," reported a Squad 7 soldier.

"Here, too," added Walter nearby.

Ragnite had a wide variety of uses. Processed into liquid form, it burned as fuel.

"This must be for resupplying their tanks," Jaune said. The corner of his lips twitched. "No fuel, no tanks."

Sergeant Largo nodded. "I expect they'd have a number of these caches, but tanks are hungry beasts and this will put a strain on them. They're gonna have to be real careful fielding those."

"Hey, they're not the only ones that need it," said Walter. "Get this home and we could have half a dozen more generators running for days. I'm tired of bathing in cold water!"

That got the attention of the locals and Squad 7 alike, deciding their course.

"Okay, load these and whatever we can use on the trucks—we'll take those, too. Walter, Mica, bring that officer along," Jaune ordered. "Assume that the Imps radioed in about us. I want to be gone from the area before artillery starts dropping on our heads. With luck, that will give away their positions and we can wreck another set of cannons."

For a second time, the camp grew into a hive of activity. Yuell militia and Squad 7 alike raced from place to place, cackling as they returned with armfuls of weapons and food. More than one person was salivating at the sight of canned ham and preserved fruits.

Jaune pitched in, cracking open crates to check for loot. One in particular piqued his curiosity.

"What is this, scrap metal?"

Corporal Rosie paused in her tracks to take a peek. "Tank parts," she said with the certainty of experience. "Huh. Do the Imps anticipate that much repairs?"

"They did lose a lot of tanks here." Yes, he was bragging. "Should we take it with us?"

The woman frowned at the crate for a while, troubled over the sight for a reason she did not articulate. Then, she shrugged and cast her doubts aside. "Might as well, kid. The Edelweiss could always use an upgrade."

They evacuated the camp by the ten-minute mark, the camp was a smoking crater at fifteen. A game of hide and seek ensued through the forest as the nearest battery rushed to have their equipment packed up and away. A sparse stretch of tree outed them, leading to a quick skirmish that ended in favor of the Gallian side. Since their enemy had so kindly bundled the cannons for travel, the Squad 7 soldiers suggested they steal the lot rather than destroy it. Unlike those manning the defenses of Yuell thus far, the Militia platoons possessed enough expertise among their people to put together a firing team that would not blow themselves up.

To cap the productive trip, the group encountered a happy sight on the way back to the city.

"Aha!" Jaune cheered, leaping off the side of the truck he was hanging from.

Heads poked out from the vehicles, curious of the reason for the delay. After realizing what they were looking at, people began hopping down to join him, murmuring among themselves.

Rosie summed it up with great eloquence. "Bwuh?"

A squad of Imperial soldiers lay in various states of incapacitation, dangling above from ropes tied around their ankles or trussed on the ground below. An unfortunate soul was doing the split, legs pulled to either side of the path after springing two separate traps.

Near that man, an empty plate.

"How? What in all of—How!?"

"What's wrong?" Jaune asked, striding toward their new prisoners. "If you have time to stand around, then you can help me get them on the truck."

Rosie seized him by the collars, pulling him face to face with her.

"You put a slice of cake in the middle of the road! What idiot would fall for that!?"

He pointed ahead. "Them."

Advanced testing of [Set Bait Trap] indicated that the skill functioned perfectly well. It just required the right bait and a valid target.

The proof before their eyes was undeniable. The corporal let him go, her hands coming up to grip fistfuls of her hair, looking torn between screaming and decking him until the world made sense again. Behind her, Marina reached out to pat her on the back in commiseration… and became quite uncomfortable when the corporal glomped her in a hug.

He was going to mark that down as a success for Tattletale's plan to integrate their forces. It'd be nice to see her smile. She needed the win.

The convoy returned to Yuell to muted fanfare. Two artillery positions going silent passed with little notice when five others continued to roar, and if the Imperials appeared to have cut short the bombardment, rare were the ones optimistic enough to assume it was due to the enemy trying to avoid alerting Jaune of their location. Still, civilians that happened to be nearby swarmed the vehicles once they saw him, raising a clamor that slowed the convoy down to a crawl. Stolen Empire trucks equating to loot was the mentality he had instilled in the city. Attempting to peek at the cargo made for good entertainment to punctuate an otherwise arduous situation.

The Squad 7 soldiers were surprised at the reception at first, but they took it in stride and joined the game to show off today's catch. The liquid ragnite and cannons earned them praise, the food total adulation. The soldiers maintained a certain level of discipline and refused to pass out the looted provisions, as that was intended for the populace as a whole. Instead, they searched their pockets and pouches for personal rations to somehow manage a sizable pile of sweets between the eight of them—Sergeant Largo didn't count as he brought out vegetables, though that got a number of enthusiastic takers, too. The Yuell garrison sitting beside them couldn't hide their smiles at the kindness.

Their first stop was the food distribution warehouse, where they left a few people to assist in moving the foodstuffs. The Militia had made the very welcomed move of adding their own provisions to what was stored, except that also meant a couple hundred additional mouths to feed in the days ahead, which might lead to the rationing system growing a fair bit more precarious unless they received proper supply lines soon.

For his peace of mind, Jaune dipped inside to add another pile of rice bags at a secluded corner of the warehouse for people to 'find'. The distribution going on outside didn't lack for staff, so he left that alone beyond greeting his acquaintances hard at work there. Magari clammed up as per usual when he addressed her but he hadn't missed her chatting with another dark-haired girl in Militia gear whose face vaguely pinged his memory. They seemed to get along, which was heartening.

With matters here well in hand, he grabbed onto the side of the truck as the convoy proceeded up the road.

The liquid ragnite, artillery pieces, plus assorted weapons and tools found their home at the makeshift logistic hub that the Militia just set up. They were in the process of auditing inventories, and the looted supplies drew appreciation for alleviating some of the biggest shortages.

As it turned out, Corporal Rosie spent time blabbing about the lasguns to one of their R&D techies, resulting in the young man rushing into the street to cling to Jaune's leg and beg for a rifle to study. Kreis or Krief or whatever his name was only relented when Jaune said he'd raise the possibility to Welkin Gunther.

All the while, the Militia soldiers of the various platoons followed him with their eyes wherever he went, observing his every move.


-o-​


"When do you expect the ragnite to be used? Some time soon. Tomorrow? Tomorrow or the next day. Whew. That's gonna be a doozy with you sitting on this side of the battle, huh? Sing well and maybe we'll shove you in the basement where the artillery might not reach you…"

Outside the repurposed classroom, the group of Welkin (he didn't mind first-name basis), Welkin's colleague (a Lieutenant Faldio Landzaat of Squad 1, who did mind), the garrison commander (rank: garrison commander), and Jaune (The Great and Terrible Wizard of Yuell, Bow Before His Might) listened in on the interrogation. Lacking the one-way glass and soundproofing of the movies he knew, they had to improvise, and have stacked their heads one above the other as they peeked through a gap in the door.

"She's…" began Welkin.

"Amazing? Insightful? In her elements?" Jaune suggested under his breath. "Adorable, with how she keeps dancing around like a girl on her birthday?"

"Really arrogant."

Fair take, mister Gunther. Fair take.

"And yes, she's doing a great job," Welkin added. "I have yet to understand how. Most of that conversation is coming solely from her and those comments look to have been pulled out of empty air, yet the reactions of that officer support her conclusions."

"...Let's talk tanks, since that's on your mind…" Tattletale continued on the far side of the room, oblivious to the conversation in the peanut gallery.

"How accurate is she?" Welkin asked.

Jaune thought on it for a minute. "More right than not. She does her best when at her own pace, with a lot of data."

"See, Welkin?" Lieutenant Landzaat said with a teasing lilt. "Even on the battlefield one must never rush a lady, let alone in romance. You should pay attention."

Welkin accepted the ribbing with an indulgent smile. "The migration period for the cerulean scarabs intersected with an unseasonal cold front. Such a rare occurrence had to be documented!"

The two men talked like long-time friends, with stories and jokes only they understood. Jaune paid as much attention to them as he did the interrogations, jotting mental notes to relay back for Tattletale later. Thus far, they seemed a reasonable group that knew when to be flexible, with Faldio the more personable of the pair and Welkin the subdued thinker. Neither had demanded for the locals to hand over authority of the city. That boded well for the prospect of cooperation.

The interrogation wrapped up during one of their back and forth. Tattletale dropped a parting quip that caused the captive officer to grind his teeth, and skipped off toward the exit in a good mood. The man would realize he had lost all bargaining chips of value without even wrangling a deal out of Tattletale for his life right about…

"That bitch!"

Now. Heh.

Once Tattletale left the room, he greeted her with a soft round of applause. She preened under the praise, hips cocked and smug grin out for all to see.

"Impressive as always, Lisa. Do you need that guy around anymore?"

She shook her head, and began walking along the corridor. "Stick him in a corner somewhere and leave him to stew. His buddies are gonna add to the story for me. Then, I might come back around with a couple other questions, like why he didn't tell me everything the first time." She glanced over her shoulder at Jaune, striking him with the full force of her devilish smirk. She was a cute one most days, but he'd offer that Tattletale's best look was in the moments before she threatened to bring wrack and ruin to someone's day.

(Sleepy-face Tattletale competed for second place with the utterly flummoxed expression she got when a whole long spew of deductions she was oh so proud of went awry.)

Two doors over sat another classroom, empty but for a soldier roped tight to a chair. He hadn't met Tattletale yet, hence the sneer as she entered his field of vision. The absence of insignias denoted him as a rank and file soldier of little import.

His partner would find something useful. She always did.

He pulled the door almost shut to leave the girl to her work, with a gap for observation. The game began anew.

"Hiiiii~ Were you comfortable? Were you not? Are you thirsty? Really thirsty? How about…"

…

…

"…The Empire has a superweapon," Tattletale declared to the people present at the strategy meeting. The map of Gallia was spread out on the table set between the lecture hall's podium and the bench rows, and gathered around it were the usual suspects plus Welkin and Lieutenant Landzaat.

"What makes you say that?" said Jaune, playing along. Those unfamiliar with Tattletale might just dismiss her altogether, so a hype man slash prompter was an invaluable part of her act.

"The ragnite and excess tank parts you brought back point to a buildup for an offensive," she explained. "That they put the supply depot this close to the city is too risky unless they expect a need for it before we get wind of the location. If that doesn't spell out in neon colors that they're going to attack, then you would have to be blind. The strange part is that none of them from grunt to officer could say for sure what the plan is except for someone from the upper echelons telling them to follow orders. That caginess is suspicious. Clear instructions kinda matter for soldiers."

The garrison commander grunted in agreement. "Only time they don't is when Intelligence gets cute with their ideas." He looked ready to spit on the ground, were this not indoors.

"Precisely. Within the next two days, we can expect to meet a whole fleet—flock?—of tanks."

"They're not boats, nor birds," muttered Welkin, so low only Jaune heard.

Tattletale continued, missing the comment. "These tanks would be experimental ones. Never before seen. At a guess, powerful engines with a lot of finicky and breakable parts. Or." She paused, and swept her gaze around the table. "Or, it's one big tank with the same characteristics, big enough to use the supplies that could have outfitted a herd of tanks."

In tandem, everyone leaned forward. Pandemonium did not break out, but the tension ratcheted up a few notches. Tattletale had seized their undivided attention.

How big were they talking to qualify something as a superweapon? The best estimate by the logistics people had put the crates of spare parts and fuel as adequate for ten to fifteen tanks over multiple battles. Condense that to one vehicle and a single engagement, and they were getting the idea. The very, very worrying idea.

Welkin looked at his colleague. "Faldio?"

The other man held his chin in thought, a finger tapping rapidly on his cheek.

"I… there were whispers of top secret Imperial projects, but…" He stared at Lisa, slowly shaking his head in wonder. "They're called top secret for a reason. We had to send operatives into five different bases to get even a hint of it!"

She gave a lopsided grin. "I'm just that good. So, uh, what are the chances we have more reinforcements on the way that will get here by tomorrow? Because the Empire's big push is coming soon."

Both Militia officers grimaced at her question. They shared a silent conversation that Tattletale eavesdropped on.

In the end, Welkin took the floor. He studied the map, then started to adjust the pieces.

Four red figurines, representing four Imperial battalions, formed a curved line in the forest to the east of Yuell. Welkin added one more in front of them, set on its side—the theorized superweapon. On the city itself he planted a blue figurine for the combined forces of the national Militia and local garrison. Put this way, prospects appeared grim.

The lieutenant then moved along the winding line of red and blue figurines splitting Gallia, keeping most of them where they were but tilting all the markers to face the direction of Yuell, where the line suddenly shifted to incorporate the city. Thus, a new picture was painted of the ongoing war. The Empire contingent on their doorstep has broken through the defensive line ahead of its cohorts, yet now found itself menaced by the Gallians in three different directions. Their position seemed no less precarious than Yuell.

"This, is the state of the war as of today," Welkin explained. He ran a hand through his ashy brown hair, sweat building on his brow. "Yuell has become… important. It is now the shortest path for the Imperials to Randgriz. On the other hand—"

"The area east of it is also the place where Empire forces are weakening," Tattletale chimed in, green eyes flitting back and forth over the map. "The bulk of their army is still concentrated in the northern Naggiar Plains in anticipation of victory there. At a guess, until recently the southern half of the conflict wasn't supposed to be anything more than a holding action to put pressure on the Gallian Army."

Welkin nodded. "The maneuver carried out by the 705th, as originally intended, seemed to have been a gambit with Yuell as the linchpin. Take the city, and they secure a path to the capital; the nearby battalions would thereafter abandon their positions and stream through at blistering speed before the opening can slam shut. Fail, and the 705th should have pulled back to reestablish the stalemate." He mimed moving the pieces on the map to a spot further east, then brushed the imaginary armies aside to leave a blank area. "That they committed to a siege despite the initial failure have opened them up to a counteroffensive they are unprepared to defend against. Each side is currently faced with a threat and an opportunity."

"It all hinges on a single element," interjected Lieutenant Landzaat, dropping another blue marker, set on its side, next to the normal one already sitting on Yuell. He looked across the table at Jaune. "From what we gleaned of his final missives, the commander of the 705th insisted you were a surmountable obstacle right up to the night that you shattered his forces to prove him wrong. Except now, someone on high within the Empire, likely Prince Maximilian himself, believes you are a target worth pursuing to the point of neglecting Randgriz. As for our superiors…" He cracked a smile. "Well, they think you are a unicorn, my friend."

"Meaning?" Jaune asked, head tilted to the side.

Lieutenant Landzaat flicked the figurine representing Jaune, sending it flying at the Empire battalions and scattering them to smash apart the carefully-laid board. "An answer that does not exist. A fanciful dream." In contrast to those words, his voice was bright and reverent. "In short, a Valkyria."

"He is," said the garrison commander, adamant of the truth.

Welkin replied, very politely, "Yes, and the citizens of Gallia fully believe this. At the towns we pass, Yuell is on everyone's lips. There is"—his words slowed for the barest instant, searching for the right term—"intense pressure for the Army to not let this city fall."

"Then, where are they?" the old man asked. Judging by the tightening grip on his cane, the garrison commander suspected the answer.

"Before General Damon is willing to commit to Yuell and thereby open himself up to a possible misstep that could harm his career, he requires proof that it will pay off," Lieutenant Landzaat said with a shrug.

Tattletale snickered. "I knew it~"

"Wait, wait, wait," Jaune interrupted, hands waving as he leaned forward. "Let me get this straight. He wants the victory, before he's willing to work for the victory?"

Lieutenant Landzaat laughed. "Our glorious leader, my friend!"

Next to him, Welkin facepalmed at the frankness his colleague was showing.

A heat was building behind Jaune's temples, anger rising and rising. Someone far off sitting comfortably in an armchair was playing games with hundreds and thousands of lives. With but a single thought, the man consigned who knew how many to die.

He balled his hand into a fist. The desire to slam it on the table, to rage and throw a tantrum, was near overwhelming.

Instead, he turned toward the door.

"Jaune, what's up?" Tattletale asked from beside him.

"There's time yet today to hunt down more of their artillery." He placed a hand on her shoulder, leaning down to look her in the eye. "I'll sap as much of their strength as I can ahead of their offensive. Keep building our defenses up while I'm out, alright?"

Energy that he could spend wallowing in anger was energy that he could be putting to work.


Author's Notes: Hm. Would have had another segment to round out the chapter, but that one deserves focus.
After all, even on the battlefield one must never rush a lady. Or girl, in her case.
Last edited: Sep 19, 2025
Stories:
QQ Sneaking His Way into the Multiverse , a RWBY Jaune, WC-lite mechanics story.
Other RWBY stories on AO3 or FF - Yakuza Arc | Conquered Menagerie: Annals of the Sixth Kingdom | Cat, Bunny, and the Good Ship Honey Starbright | The Agent
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:RSR2000, Amdiranifani, WinterPhoenix and 596 others
LazyAutumnMoon
Sep 13, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 48: Dreams of Tomorrow
View content
LazyAutumnMoon
LazyAutumnMoon
We all need Sundancer in our life.
JoinedJun 7, 2024
Messages289
Likes received68,284
Sep 18, 2025
Add bookmark
#3,278
Chapter 48: Dreams of Tomorrow​


That night, Jaune once again found a moment of peace atop one of the university belltowers, sitting on the wide stone balcony. A boisterous mood was more his speed, but this suited the late hour.

His act began as a way to boost morale, and a lot of attention came with it. He had not known until later on of the pressure that would arise. Eyes followed him. People called to him. He could see it in them with each new day, how they expected things of him that lay beyond his ability. Still, here, there was none of that. The isolated tower offered a degree of separation from the constant looks and conversations—worship, even—that he got on the ground. He could just sit back and enjoy the night breeze. Sometimes, it was nice to be around people but not have to speak.

He was referring to Marina, of course. She had dropped by a short time after he got here to take up residence on the opposite corner of the tower, where she sat with Escha in her lap, feeding the felyne morsels of food that she had saved from dinner for this very purpose. In between bites, she gave Escha scritches. Good ones, because Escha had her chin tilted up, mouth hanging open in an expression of utmost bliss—life must be wonderful as a cat. Evidence pointed to the taciturn young woman having a soft spot for animals, the cuter the better.

A cloud drifted away, revealing the moon above to cast the tower in its glow, and Jaune could not help but think that the scene was fit for a picture. A pale beauty under the moonlight, Marina had admirers if she ever bothered to care. She preferred the solitude.

These were also the only occasions that his acquaintance would raise her concerns. Among the people in this city to work closely with him, he trusted Marina and Walter the most. They both had good heads on their shoulders and didn't buy too far into his larger than life act. Yet whereas Walter saw no issue speaking straight, Marina clammed up whenever there was another person around so all he would get was business-Marina, the sniper that brooked no nonsense.

She hadn't said anything for a few days. He took that as a sign that he was doing alright in his role, the sentiment bringing much relief. No showman wanted to hear that the jig was up.

The hour went by in quiet contentment. Jaune watched the happenings below for a while, following the Militia soldiers as they strode to and fro. The lights were on at the logistic hub, where the R&D team attached to the Militia no doubt intended to burn the midnight candle pouring over the lasgun. He had traded it for their aid in manufacturing a cache of munitions to his specifics. A forge, some reshaped metal casings, and rockets for Gallian lances had combined to approximate the shells for his gunlance, differing from the design notes only in slight and still workable minutiae—getting those ever curious souls to focus and stop asking questions about Red Rook took monumental effort, but he did it. A stockpile of shells was building up that he planned to cart through the portal when he leaves.

Near the tent, at a dirt lot, artillery pieces seized from the Imperials had been set up, with firing teams conducting drills in preparation of putting the weapons to use. Despite the risks, many among the population hoped to be present for the catharsis of seeing the cannons turned against the invaders.

Over time, his eyes rose towards the far distance to pan across the space beyond the city borders. Enemies laid in wait out there, as they always do. Even Grimmless lands might still carry monsters. His attempts to locate the superweapon that Tattletale claimed the Imperials brought had ended without success. Less than 48 hours, was the window during which they expected its assault on Yuell to manifest.

Despite that, an odd sense of calm dwelt within his chest. He and everyone else have done what they could. At this point, the only thing to do was let the battle come.

Once he had enough of watching the scenery, Jaune got to his feet. Bidding present company a good night, he took the short flight of stairs down to a door that let him back inside the building. Another staircase wrapped around the tower wall, and he descended its worn, wooden steps.

He wasn't expecting anyone to follow him.

"Jaune, Jaune, wait up!" called out a tinny voice above after he had reached the bottom of the stairwell and entered the hallway.

He listened to hurried footsteps growing louder. Escha soon appeared, making quick time as she scampered on all fours. She skipped the last flight of stairs, jumping from the upper landing to the floor, afterward shuffling over to join him in the empty corridor lined with portraits of past Gallian rulers. Jaune placed a knee on the carpet so they were of a height.

"Hey, Escha. Did you need something?"

The felyne smiled at him, but it faded in moments. Unlike earlier, she had grown subdued, fretting with her fur and tugging on them.

Seeing her so unsure of what to say, he continued speaking. "We didn't really have a chance to talk today, huh? Come on, let's hear about your week. How was living in the wilderness? Not too bad, I hope."

Escha emphatically shook her head. "No, no, it was great to stretch my legs. All that space! And the flowers smelled so nice! I found this stream in the woods and there were a bunch of yummy fishes swimming in it, and… and…" The enthusiasm waned, and she lowered her head to look at her feet.

He waited for her to collect her thoughts. She wanted to speak, that much he could discern. Her mouth would open then close, again and again.

Finally, she said, "Why didn't you tell me how things were in the city?"

"Hm?" Jaune tilted his head to the side, not quite certain of the reason for her question.

"I was playing with the kids to keep their spirits up. They didn't know I can understand them, and I overheard them talking to each other about the attacks, about the… the people that got hurt, or…"

Ah.

Now was his turn to mull on how best to phrase himself. Jaune motioned for Escha to come closer. She did so, and he placed a hand on her shoulder.

"I needed you out there because only you could do the job. The information you relayed back to us was critical in protecting the city."

"But people died," Escha said, her voice warbling.

How wonderful life must be as a cat. For the past weeks, the wilderness provided her food and shelter along with a hundred interesting sights. Each day was a day she looked forward to. Never was a gun aimed her way. Best of all, she was saving lives by eavesdropping on their enemies. A real super spy.

Her efforts hadn't been enough. It failed to save everyone.

He moved his hand up to scratch behind one of her ears. "You did more than anybody else can hope for, little hero."

"I-I'm not—!"

Escha scrunched her eyes shut and pushed his hand away, shaking her head all the while. Too upset, she seemed torn between hitting herself and bawling her eyes out.

Felynes were… a child-like race. They gave their trust easily, and from what Jaune had seen, loved nothing more than to frolic. They faced monsters, but have yet to face monsters. He sent her far from the city for that very reason.

Jaune sat down right on the hallway carpet, and patted the floor. Escha sniffled, before plopping down to join him. He scooted closer.

"In Astera, were there Hunters who didn't come back from their hunts?" he asked.

Escha nodded. "Sometimes. We have parties in their memory."

It wasn't death, then, that bothered her so. "They went down fighting, I'll bet."

Another nod. "Uh-huh. Gloriously." For a person who had trouble with longer words, this was one she remembered by heart. "We would tell the story and then toast our drinks to them," she explained.

Embellished, no doubt. It would be a story of what the other Hunters imagined of their fallen comrade's final hunt, full of courage and quippy lines as a warrior danced on the razor's edge. They honored the person, in a fashion, with lies.

It took Jaune not long to understand his friend. Driven as she seemed by curiosity and adventure, a smaller yet brighter wish dwelt within the felyne's heart. Escha dreamed of heroism.

"This isn't the kind of world I wanted to take you to," Jaune said. "It's not a world I would want to stay in. I offered you interesting places, good places—"

"I know what I was getting into," Escha insisted. "You said there would be danger, I was listening back then!"

But war was a whole different beast. On Remnant, there had been two within the last century. Even with Grimm on their doorsteps, the kingdoms could not get along. Yet, it sometimes sounded less than real to him. How could war possibly happen?

He… Unbelievable as it may appear given Grimm attacks and bandit raids, he had to now admit that he grew up in a time of peace. The cities were existing in harmony, or as near as it could get. Dangers abound, but they lurked in the dark beyond the settlement walls; always, driven back within a night. No matter how much Doctor Oobleck carried on and on about understanding the ugly parts of history, nobody enjoyed lingering on such depressing subjects. What he knew of war could fill a thimble. They came from the tales of his ancestors and it was not until recent days that he learned the extent to which his father, and likely his father before him, hid the details. From how they told it, a single person could do everything, and perfectly at that. Protect the people, save the day, win back peace, all at once.

War was way too big for that to be true. He kept thinking after each battle that it would become the final incident to break the Imperials for good. Two weeks on, they were still here. Meanwhile, a lot of people who did no harm weren't, and a voice in his head whispered about how he continued to fall short of good enough—that there could have been a real hero instead of him.

He had tried to spare Escha from that. Tattletale shared his opinion. Even the fight against the ABB in Brockton Bay, which was a skirmish compared to this, had at the time seemed too harsh to expose their felyne friend to, and they strove to keep Escha away from the worst of it.

And he had to wonder, if that wasn't the most hurtful thing he could have done. Escha thought she could do more, and never got the chance.

"A dozen battles were won because of you. That's the truth. You really did help us, little hero."

A flicker of a smile passed across her face, replaced by… well, he couldn't say. He was hardly an expert on the body language of sentient cats.

"I'm going to stay with you for the next one," said Escha.

Determination, then.

"...Are you sure?" He hoped for an answer that was for naught. Escha tapped him on the shoulder with her paw in imitation of his earlier gesture, and gave an imperious hmph.

"A Palico supports their Hunter. No ifs, ands, or buts."

It became his turn to fail to hide the smile. He still preferred she went nowhere near a battle, but that was him neglecting to give her title the respect it deserved—ego all the way down. His mistake, because the felyne spoke the word with pride akin to how one would declare they were a Huntsman. When the time called, there was nowhere she'd rather stand than in the thick of it, even if that led to grief and pain.

"Okay," he decided, and her teary nod said it all.

Then, suddenly, Escha froze in place. Her eyes locked onto something behind him.

"M-Meow!"

A dozen possibilities raced through his mind in the space of a blink. He snapped his head around to see what made her so alarmed. His hands twitched, ready to pull the full arsenal within the Pocket to bear.

A short distance down the dim corridor lit only by the moonlight stood a girl, dark of hair. Dressed in Militia gear, she had a shawl in addition wrapped around her shoulders. In her hands she held a woven basket, thrust in front of her like it was a shield as she startled at his abrupt speed.

"Um. Uh," she floundered under the hard gaze rooting her in place. "I brought bread!"

Having anticipated violence, it took a moment for his thoughts to recompute. Once it did, Jaune recalled that he had seen this person on occasion. Now, that didn't guarantee she was an ally, but the 'small, scared critter' impression she was giving off in waves suggested he may have overreacted a tad. Jaune willed himself to relax.

The girl noted the change in his demeanor, and she offered a hesitant smile. It turned more genuine as he answered with an easy smile of his own. Emboldened, she took a step closer.

"Who were you talking to, sir?" she asked, blinking innocently.

The radio vanished from his belt then reappeared in his hand. Standing up and turning fully around, he showed it to her. She was rather short, he noted.

"Oh, just one of the militia guys. We were discussing tomorrow's plans." Behind him, he heard Escha scuttling off into the darkness. "You're with Squad 7, right?" he asked, changing the subject. "I remember seeing you in that tank. And I think it was you helping Magari at the food warehouse."

Despite an apparent surprise at the fact that he was aware of her, the girl answered in a polite tone, "Yes, that's correct. I am Isara Gunther, Squad 7 mechanic and operator for the Edelweiss."

She finished by bowing her head. The stiltedness of the gesture belied her fluster.

"Nice to meet you, Isara. I'm Jaune."

"I know!" she blurted out.

"Oh. Yeah. I guess that makes sense." He had gotten quite recognizable around these parts, a far cry from the bygone Beacon days of 'you, with the face'.

The girl nodded but did not say anything else. On his part, Jaune missed the timing to continue, and in turn fell quiet. The conversation fizzled out as suddenly as it began.

An awkward mood settled over the corridor. Jaune and Isara Gunther stood there looking like loons as they smiled at each other, their expressions growing fragile with the passing seconds. Above them, the portrait of Archduchess Cordelia, ruler of Gallia, stared at the scene with a judging gaze.

Jaune punctured that silence with a fake cough. "So, you were saying something about—"

"Bread! Here!" The girl stumbled forward, speaking quickly. "Alicia borrowed an oven and baked them for everyone. Uh, Alicia is one of our sergeants, she's from my hometown. I was bringing it to people when I saw you and I thought maybe you would like one, Mister Arc."

He could have done without the sirs and misters, but deemed it better than other epithets the people of Yuell liked to use, and held his tongue as the girl flipped open the cover of the basket. Once filled with bread, it was almost empty by now, the cloth cushioning the bottom covered in crumbs. Jaune studied the remaining loaves of bread, and allowed that they did look tempting. Baked to a golden brown, they were full and fat in shape, still warm from the oven with flecks of almonds decorating the top. He took one, finding the texture pleasingly crispy to the touch. Putting firm pressure on the crust resulted in a sharp snap as it broke under his thumb, releasing a sweet, buttery aroma to fill his senses.

"You know, I can actually see myself buying this." He tried a bite, and his eyebrows rose at the soft, fluffy inside that measured miles ahead of the dry bread he had been eating as of late. The notes of almond added a distinct quality he had a hard time putting to words. "Tastes pretty good. Fantastic, even."

The bread could be a meal in itself, its rich flavors needing no fillings. The first bite disappeared all too soon, and he went for another.

Isara clasped a hand over her chest. "That's great! I'll be sure to let Alicia know."

"Yeah, do that for me," Jaune said absentmindedly, already on his third bite. "Mm. This is so good, I'm glad you stopped by. Really."

By the time the loaf of bread was halfway gone, he was side-eyeing the girl as he ate. She hadn't left yet, and watched him with an expectant gaze.

"Gunther…" he said, searching for a topic to fill the space between conversation. "Any relation to Welkin Gunther?"

Isara brightened. "Welks is my brother." She paused, before adding, "Adoptive brother, I meant. He isn't Darcsen like me."

"Cool."

The girl tilted her head, the question marks above it near palpable. "Cool?"

Oops. The word must not carry that sense of meaning here.

"Great, I meant," he amended, papering over the mistake and hoping she wouldn't mention it, "that you two are siblings. Welkin seems like a great person that would be easy to get along with."

"Is he… cool, then?"

A whole lot less because she asked outright, but Jaune decided against piling onto her confusion the social conventions of another culture and era.

"Sure, I think so. The man's competent and decisive. Your squad respects him as far as I can tell, which is a clear point in his favor."

The last piece of bread vanished into his stomach. He sent the basket a wistful glance, afterward.

"You can take another one if you like," Isara hurried to offer, extending the basket. His stomach shouted for him to accept the deal.

"It should probably go to somebody else," he demurred.

"No, help yourself," she insisted. "We have lots."

Those were the magic words he needed to hear. Modesty tossed to the wayside, Jaune snatched a new loaf of bread for himself. This time, he ate slower to savor the taste. And, to study the person before him.

"Why are you looking for me?" he asked with a deliberately casual air.

The game ended then and there. Isara reacted with a sharp jolt, and almost dropped the basket she was holding. The laugh she then attempted rang with a fake note.

"I… I wasn't… It was a coincidence…"

She was a poor liar. Her eyes practically swam with panic.

"Come on now." He waved a hand to indicate their surroundings. "How do you just happen to wander into a deserted hallway on the third floor of a building this big, unless you hear beforehand that certain people could be found here at night? It doesn't take a detective to figure out something is amiss."

His hangout spot was no big secret. In an emergency, Lisa and the Yuell militia could contact him if they have to. Still, he chose this far flung corner for a reason. People had to go out of their way to end up here.

"Well?" he pressed.

Isara seemed to debate over her next step, her eyes flicking upward for a second in thought. In the end, she sighed and hung her head.

"Was it that obvious?" she said, with the slightest touch of a whine coloring her voice. Imperceptible, to most.

"A little. I can tell a bribe when I see one, and I'm guessing Welkin can too, living with you. And you had that…" He mimed an eager puppy hopping up and down in anticipation.

"I did not look like that, you— you—!"

"Oh my, what happened to 'Mister Arc'?" he teased, falling into old habits. The fierce expression warring with red-cheeked embarrassment was a look he had seen a thousand times over the years, and never went stale. It signaled imminent victory. Or a tantrum that drew in the rest of the house.

Isara came back to herself. She realized what she had done and, more relevantly, the very important person she was speaking to. Her mouth dropped open, mortified. Meanwhile, Jaune's hand twitched with the urge to ruffle her hair.

He stamped down that stray impulse, and said, "Seriously, though. I'm grateful for the midnight snack, but is there something you needed?"

It was odd. The girl fidgeted with her shawl, clearly worried, yet her gaze remained locked onto his. That spoke of intentional practice, and drew a sharp divide to the way she mumbled an indistinct reply.

"Hm?"

At his coaxing, she tried again. "I said, people were talking about you." Confidence grew now that the first sentence was out there. "Everybody had a story of what they saw you do, your… miracles."

He summoned a canteen of water—actual water, not the Spirytus—from his Pocket, and handed it to Isara. She stared at the small container with wide eyes. Tentative fingers unscrewed the cap, and she sipped at the water, shocked to find it real.

"Maybe it's not a lie," she muttered. Shaking off the stupor, she looked back up. "I thought they were exaggerating at first. That it was superstitions and rumors at work. But Magari insisted it was all true, and even became angry with me when I raised my doubts…"

Who did what now? Not the Magari he knew, surely? He still hasn't gotten a word out of that girl.

"...and then Largo and Rosie started telling the same stories after they deployed with you this morning! Those two are as cynical as they come! I…" Jaune leaned back as Isara pressed closer, the meek impression she gave off in the beginning melting away to leave a single-minded focus. "Please, I have to know. Can you truly fly?"

That was easy enough. "Yes, I can."

She stared, but harder.

"What, you don't trust me?" Troublesome gearhead types. Oh no, I have to see it to believe it…

Jaune stepped back to make space. He then bent his knees, and hopped into the air to avoid singeing the carpet. So far, that did not impress Isara much.

It took her a second to realize he wasn't coming down. That was how it always went. People expected the logical thing to occur. Another second passed by as she blankly looked, slack-jawed, at him hovering midway to the high ceiling; the rockets were drawing level with her height, humming with power. Then, it clicked for her, and the satisfied smirk sprouting on Jaune's face settled on a far softer expression.

Because Isara's eyes were like those of the children of Yuell, alight with wonder. They shone with a dream.

He held his position for a little while longer to really impress her, then cut out power to fall back down. The carpet cushioned the sound of his landing, and he sprang up with the grace of a cat to perform a theatrical spin, ending in a bow. Showmanship was important.

"Tada~"

Isara tackled him a moment later, yammering nonstop at rapid-fire speed.


-o-​


The Darcsen had a saying: Look to the sky.

Well, Isara was looking at his boot right now. She had been a lot of things, but apologetic wasn't one of them.

The pair sat on the side of the corridor, along the wall below the portrait of Archduchess Cordelia so that the moon outside the window could better illuminate Isara's endeavor. Jaune had an elbow propped on the carpet, one foot raised in the air and held by Isara, and he briefly wondered how long until the novel concept of taking his shoes off to hit the girl.

He gave it small odds. Isara was deeeeep in a fugue, absorbed in her own world to the point that he sometimes needed to prompt her to continue their conversation. The frustrated pout as she searched her pockets in vain for a screwdriver was quite endearing, though it brought him much relief that she had failed to produce one. That intent gleam in her eyes all but promised a fight should he try to stop her attempts at poking and prodding the boots.

She did, however, have papers and a pencil. Sketches of her ideas, rooted in her father's research, were spread out on the floor around them. They provided him a clear picture as to the reason for her fervent interest.

Aircraft.

The wings and frames Isara drew on the pages were primitive by his standards. Precursors to the very earliest designs, before Gravity Dust ever came into play. To the people of this world, it laid on the cutting edge of technology. Hot air balloons, dirigibles, many innovations have come to pass, but sustained heavier-than-air flight remained an ever elusive and mythical beast. From the sound of it, a dozen different efforts were taking place all over the world, engineers racing to be the one to create the first true aircraft.

"The newspapers from the United States of Vinland reported last year that a successful test flight already happened there, but the two inventors later died in an accident," Isara said, lifting his heel to peek inside the short bell nozzle of the rocket. Jaune tensed his whole body to ensure his toe went nowhere near the activation button. "Then the United Kingdom of Edinburgh said they succeeded until it was discovered that the initial takeoff position was on a cliffside. It worked off of height as much as thrust. The journalist dismissed it as falling with style and I have to agree. A glider shouldn't count." A disheartened frown stole over her face, and she sighed. "A lot of people have started to call the concept a hoax, but I don't know… What do you think, Jaune?"

Jaune shrugged. "I'm no engineer so don't take this seriously." He snatched up a spare piece of paper, fiddling with it as he spoke with greater care than his tone would suggest. "I think a strong enough engine can get you there. Of course, its weight would then need to be compensated with more power, which means a bigger engine, which leads back to—you get the idea."

"Y-Yes!" Isara perked up. "I am familiar with the problem. It was featured during a symposium at Randgriz University, and focuses on the current limitations of ragnite as a fuel source for aviation means. Consensus seems to suggest the use of lighter material, and that is the design concept I am pursuing, but the counter-theory that we should be building heavier holds a surprising amount of merit and I do think that while it isn't possible now, it could lead to a real breakthrough! Wow, you really are knowledgeable!"

No, no I am not, thought Jaune as he folded the corners of the paper. Isara saw what she wanted and filled in the gaps herself, was all.

"What has your experience been with aerodynamic control?" she asked—demanded, even.

"...Bad?"

"Right!? A popular model of thought is that we should mimic the hummingbird design first theorized by a professor in Roeselare that emphasizes rapid wing flaps." Isara scrambled for one of her papers to show him what she meant. "Except the main issue there is the enormous strain put on the components from the constant movement and forces acting on the craft to enact the tight turns as envisioned. Rigid wings do have a place, I feel. It simplifies the construction." She peered at him, eager to hear his input.

Here, he stood on firmer ground, as it were. Employing the rockets in battle granted him a measure of insight on the matter. As he flattened the crease on the piece of paper, he explained, "It's hard to pull abrupt turns, I can tell you that. My best shot at it is to reduce the weight I carry as much as possible then increase power for the boots to the max it can go so I can overcome the direction I was headed in. It isn't perfect, and works better when I'm already at low speeds. Usually, it's not worth it. Wide, circling turns are easier. Less wasteful, too. Wings or no, that should stay the same."

Isara frantically nodded her head, beaming as she copied down his words in her notes. Afterward, she dove right back into scrutinizing the rocket boot with a renewed enthusiasm.

"Can you tell me more about your theories on a metal aircraft?" she asked, sweeping a stray lock of her dark hair aside.

He tossed the piece of paper he was playing with into a growing pile, and picked up another. "Again, not mine. Anyway, the advantage there, I think, was—ack!"

Isara had twisted the boot around, forgetting the fact that it was attached to his foot.

"I'm so sorry!" she yelped.

Strong hands on that one. She was no delicate flower.

"It's fine," Jaune said, waving her off. He sat upright again. "It's fine. I'm tough. I was just surprised."

Isara hunched her shoulders, shrinking down. "I'm sorry…"

He barked a laugh, free and bright, to indicate his lack of ill will. His foot wiggled, inviting her to keep at it. After a little hesitation, she did, this time using greater care.

"You really are in love with flying, aren't you?" he said.

"Mmhm." She steadfastly focused on the shoe, still embarrassed over her mistake. "Welkin mentioned wanting to fly like a bird once, and that was where it started." She huffed in amusement. "I was a kid, and I thought I could build a huge mechanical bird for him by his birthday. I followed the blueprints my father left me. Heh." She laughed into a fist. "Welks almost caught me sneaking a few times into the workshop to try and put pieces together. Then I learned the blueprints were incomplete, and there was going to be a whole lot more work ahead. And… And…"

And as she spent hours after hours on her designs, her mind took off. In her dreams, it became her sitting in the pilot seat, soaring in the sky with her brother marveling from the passenger side. Her goal changed in a small, selfish way, overwhelmed by a yearning she could not suppress.

The years that followed saw her tinkering with all manners of vehicles and machines, striving to build a foundation in the principles of flight. Day and night she spent on her projects, frequently sleeping on the floor of the workshop surrounded by her tools when she struck upon a promising lead. Particularly productive occasions would end with her stumbling to the pantry in the late morning, bags under her eyes as the hungry squirrel masquerading as a girl dug around for food.

Her brother never knew. It'd be on one of his birthdays that he would find out, Isara had decided.

She admitted to Jaune that more than once she laid into whatever she had tried to build with a wrench in a fit of pique. Innovation was often zero steps forward and a month wasted, with nothing to show for it. Didn't help, that news of like-minded individuals reported similar setbacks, further marred by accidents incapacitating brilliant minds or ruined reputation leading to projects losing their funding. The goal of the century, an aircraft flying under its own power, appeared an utter disaster pursued by madcap kooks, facing mockery at every turn. They claimed it was impossible.

Sometimes, Isara confessed, she feared 'they' might be right.

That was, until tonight.

Again, Jaune was no engineer. But one could say that he was something better. A person that believed her.

Here sat a real, 'I saw it with my very own eyes' witness to the idea that one day people could fly. He knew, knew, that her dream would come true.

He held little better than a layman's concept of an aircraft. Yet even that perspective stood decades ahead of anyone else's that Isara could find in Gallia. His clumsy, offhand comments translated to groundbreaking concepts that had the girl vibrating from the bolts of inspiration striking her again and again. One of her sketches in particular has started to bear a distinct resemblance to a museum piece from his world—a success case at that. Years of research, of trial and error and painstaking gains clawed from a thousand failures, condensed in the space of half an hour.

At this pace…

"You'll see it, Isara. This world, from the sky."

Conviction colored his words, causing Isara to sniffle and brush at her eyes.

"I hope so," she agreed. "If we can just make it through this war, if we can—" Burgeoning courage grew subdued. Isara stared outside the window, lost in thought.

How big the war was. How small they were.

It often seemed as though the real conflict was fought elsewhere, by people making decisions several levels above them. Moving those like Welkin and Isara as pawns. Sacrificing them for a victory they would never see. One person's efforts counted as nothing on the stage that was the world map.

Curled in a ball, Isara told a stranger what she could never tell her brother.

Jaune placed a hand on her head, ruffling her hair. "One day at a time, Isara. A small win today, another tomorrow. Step by step."

He showed her the object he was playing with. Folded and creased, a paper airplane sat in his palm. A pile of them rested beside him, fashioned over the hour. They bore tiny differences to encompass all the ways he knew how to make them, and a few that adhered to neither rhyme nor reason but what details he could remember from pictures and videos he saw throughout the years of real vehicles. A badly-shaped Bullhead was among the pile.

"That's what made this."

His lips twitched into a sly smile. The hand in contact with Isara glowed with light.

"And if you can keep a secret, I have something I can do to maybe help your dream."

He released the paper airplane, sending it floating into the dark.

Wherever it may go.


Author's Notes: Well, turns out the segment that I thought could have been tacked onto the last chapter really couldn't.
.
I don't get how someone can predict the tiniest, most specific of detail before I even write a chapter. It's kind of cool. Seriously, who looks at 'Valkyria Chronicles arc' and guesses paper airplanes from that?
.
Jaune—You should have tried that bread, Lisa! It was fat and full and just so filling!
Lisa—Did it have a nutty taste?
Jaune—Yea- wait.
Last edited: Oct 7, 2025
Stories:
QQ Sneaking His Way into the Multiverse , a RWBY Jaune, WC-lite mechanics story.
Other RWBY stories on AO3 or FF - Yakuza Arc | Conquered Menagerie: Annals of the Sixth Kingdom | Cat, Bunny, and the Good Ship Honey Starbright | The Agent
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:RSR2000, Amdiranifani, WinterPhoenix and 580 others
LazyAutumnMoon
Sep 18, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 49: Fake, and Real
View content
LazyAutumnMoon
LazyAutumnMoon
We all need Sundancer in our life.
JoinedJun 7, 2024
Messages289
Likes received68,284
Sep 24, 2025
Add bookmark
#3,356
Chapter 49: Fake, and Real​


The birds gave it away.

On the last day of spring, hundreds of them took flight at once, causing many people to turn their heads. Of them, Tattletale reached a conclusion the fastest. That was no migratory flight. The speakers mounted throughout the city soon began blaring their warning siren to the population. The Imps were on the move.

Jaune had been working in the city, and he grabbed onto a passing truck carrying Militia soldiers to save himself a trip to the edge of Yuell. Half the garrison got there at the same time he did, the rest were arriving with each minute; everyone had been waiting for this. Tattletale and Escha hitched a ride on the Edelweiss. They assembled behind the wall of rubble protecting the city and used the buildings still standing as a vantage point to observe the situation. Jaune opted for the blown-out window on the third floor of a residence, with his team joining him there.

A flag was the first thing they saw, the piece of cloth dyed in red and gold rising above the trees. Those trees then shattered into splinters as the superweapon came around the hill.

How did they know it was the superweapon? Well, what else would one call that?

"Thing's bigger than any tank I've ever seen," Jaune said. Escha nodded in agreement, her fur bristling.

"Twenty-five, twenty-six feet tall," Tattletale rattled out, eyes pressed hard against her binoculars. "Height of a two-story house. Length, width—it is a two-story house. A bunker on wheels."

"With a whole lot of guns. I'm seeing turrets."

The giant tank burst out of the forest, revealing its full glory.

"And now I'm seeing the cannon," Jaune added. "Holy…"

"Eheh. Yeah. Don't you wish you had saved up for that mech?"

"Couldn't have afforded it, either way."

The turrets were clearly designed so as to cover the all-gray tank from all four directions, set in rounded cubbyholes to allow them to swivel. A person could sit behind the machine gun, kept safe by thick steel walls as they rained bullets on targets that dared come near. A huge fuck-off cannon sat atop the vehicle looking like something that belong mounted on a ship, meant for sea dragon Grimm. At the rear, he spied an extra cannon, an afterthought compared to the big brother at the front. A bulldozer blade churned the earth before the tank, flattening small hills in its path rather than having the vehicle go over top.

The Empire had to respond to the situation in Yuell, and boy did they answer.

"Armored tracks," Tattletale noted, pointing it out for him. Two solid panels covered the sprockets which drove the tank threads, protecting the components from damage. The concept prevailed for the rest of the body, and the tank might as well be a block of steel with the joints and gaps shut tight.

"How powerful is the engine to pull all that weight?" he asked, half to himself.

A voice spoke from the radio Jaune carried with him—Lieutenant Faldio Landzaat's. "Project Batomys! Intelligence reports claim it was how the Ghirlandaio stronghold fell in a night! It's one of the Empire's hidden cards, a fortress-breaker!"

Spoiler: Batomys
"It's not alone," reported Squad 7's Lieutenant Welkin Gunther. "Enemy tank companies spotted."

They emerged from the forest in a long row, forty or so tanks painted in Imperial red that appeared downright puny in comparison to their leader. The tanks fanned out on either side of the Batomys, matching its pace. One in particular was colored a deeper crimson, its design set apart from the others with sloping armor panels.

"Be advised, the Lupus has taken the field," Welkin said. "General Jaeger's personal tank. Watch for it, I know for a fact its top speed notches in at much higher than regular Imperial tanks."

Behind the formation streamed a tide of military personnel carriers, light-armored trucks each with a soldier mounting the attached machine gun. The combined force rolled over the meadows, eating up the land to leave nothing but barren dirt in their wake.

Tattletale dove at Jaune to snatch up his radio.

"Gunther!" she barked. "Order the hunter-killer teams back to the city, now! Coverage is too tight for them to stay unnoticed. They're gonna get slaughtered before they can fire."

"Already on it," Welkin replied.

From within copses of trees and shallow grooves dug behind hills, motorcycles shot out from hiding. Their riders maneuvered over the uneven ground, sidecars bouncing and shaking with the weight of an additional soldier plus anti-tank lances. The roads they were aiming toward would allow them to beeline for Yuell ahead of the Imperial troops.

As the ambush teams pulled back, Lieutenant Faldio Landzaat said, "That leaves us with just a frontal defense. Our lances aren't suited for that kind of engagement. They will definitely reach the city at this rate."

"No choice, Faldio," said Welkin. "We don't have enough armor of our own to fight on the open plains, and their formation spreads them too wide for a flanking force to do anything other than catch the edges. The wall is where we will hold them."

"No go. Like I said, my dear friend. The Batomys is a fortress-breaker. It will plow a hole right past our defenses."

"In one spot," Tattletale chimed in. "That limits the number of troops they can move through." She glanced up at him. "We should let it happen."

She then blinked as instead of agreeing with her, Jaune reared back.

"We should what!?" he cried.

Allow that thing to come in? Let it tear down the wall?

"I have a plan." That stopped short the growing panic in his mind, visions of settlements aflame pulling back. Tattletale grinned. "The tank will get in the city no matter what, except we can make it do that on our terms." Faldio Landzaat tried to get a word in, but she shushed him and continued. "The urban environment works to our advantage."

Welkin Gunther spoke up, and Tattletale shushed him, too. The man powered on through. "A tank's narrow field of vision renders it essentially blind in close quarters. If we put our people in the alleyways or the rooftops, we can fire on them from multiple angles. That forces the tanks to a supporting role, and this will become a contest between the soldiers. She's right."

Tattletale preened at that. Not for long, though. Withdrawing from the conversation, she placed the radio on the windowsill and hovered close to Jaune's ear.

"There's a big detail you missed. The supertank has ladders and they lead to a door."

"Hah?" A question was on his lips when the comment filtered into his head, its implication abruptly turning crystal clear. "You want me in there," he stated.

"It's set at a blindspot," she explained. "The tank itself can't fire on you. With our guys keeping their infantry off your back, there's nothing to stop you from breaking inside."

"…We can sell that tank."

"We can sell that fucking tank," Tattletale agreed, the grin now wide and wild. "Good luck to those idiots, invading this place without it."

It was a risk. A heavy risk, although also a rather inevitable one. The Empire designed the Batomys with city defenses in mind and the halfway measures protecting Yuell presented a poor matchup against the superweapon. They could complain about the problem, or account for it in their solution. The idea earned a tentative nod from him; the tank breaking through did not spell the end of the world.

The pair rejoined the ongoing discussion between the Militia commanders. Thereafter, the battle plan began to take shape in the limited timetable they had. Their forces would shift their defenses from the wall to further inward, preparing a killzone for their guests. Ideally, they would catch the enemy in a pincer movement. Two platoons, Squad 3 and Squad 1, would stay at the rear, ready to respond should the Imperials split up to attack elsewhere.

As for Jaune and the Yuell garrison, they had the job of welcoming the Empire. Bait, to draw them in.

"All you need to do is put up a token resistance," Welkin assured Jaune at the end. "Just enough so they can't afford to leave you free to act."

"Oh, he's thinking to do a lot more than that," Tattletale replied before Jaune could, tapping her chin with a finger as she sent a sly look his way. "You're forgetting that The Yuell garrison has a lot of toys at their disposal. Don't count them out so soon. Right, Jaune?" She need not say more.

"Got it," he said, and showed her his most confident smile along with an unserious salute. "Hang on to the radio, Lisa. You're on overwatch, keep me appraised."

He retrieved his phone from a pocket, throwing the strap around his neck and placing a call to its counterpart. Then, he stepped on the windowsill. Escha jumped to grab onto his shoulders.

"Would it kill you two to take the stairs?" Tattletale whined as they hopped out the window.

He landed on the ground below without anybody batting an eye. The wide avenue had become a staging ground, with the Militia platoons unloading equipment and ammunition in preparations. The Edelweiss sat off to the side, engine rumbling. Taking cue from him, Welkin Gunther climbed out a second-story window to drop onto the hull of the tank. The lieutenant nodded to Jaune as their eyes met, then began calling out to his troops.

Isara was at the tank hatch, and the girl wiggled her fingers in a subtle wave before returning to attention.

The Yuell garrison grouped around him as a matter of course. Their calmness threw many of the soldiers off, the unshakable level of faith in his command surpassing what one might see even in some professional units, and contrasting hard with the sloppy salutes they showed him.

"What are your orders, Jaune?" asked Walter, who stood at the forefront of the group. Next to him, Marina hugged Escha to her chest and sent Jaune a reproachful glare for bringing the cat onto a battlefield.

"Grab your lances and climb the rubble," Jaune commanded. "We're going to engage them while they're outside the city and do whatever we can to weaken them. Ruin their cannons. Scatter their formation. Hell, let's see if we can send them packing before they hit the wall."

That one earned a roar of approval.

Walter adjusted the pair of shades he was wearing. "You talking lances, or lances?"

"Both. Take all we've got. Now, come on!"

The group set to work. Soon, they had a section of the wall to themselves, finding their footing amidst the uneven debris. Upon every shoulder rested a lance.

The first thing one might notice about the lances was that they in no way resembled the Gallian lance. Much like the armor worn by the Imperials, anti-tank weaponry in Europa had its roots within the traditions of an older era where knights roamed the land, in this case the jousting lance popular in tourneys. The shape of the implement lent itself to the technology in the early days of development.

These lances followed a simpler aesthetic. A short tube, in essence, with two grips near the front end. Plastics and alloys reduced the weight of the weapon so that even the slightest members of the garrison could wield one.

It was a weapon that should not exist in the current decade, acquired during his spending spree. A recoilless rocket launcher.

The Yuell militia had proven a quick study on its use, and they now aimed their strange lances with eagerness at the approaching line of tanks. Their fingers stayed off the triggers, however. Prior experience, relatively minor as they were, informed them that the vehicles had yet to enter range.

Kneeling on one knee, Jaune tilted his head down to speak into his phone. "Tattletale, tell us when."

Sure, he could learn the ins and outs of this thing, maybe master that range finder doohickey. It wouldn't take too long. But why, when he could rely on Tattletale's eyes and intuition? The girl was a dream when it came to serving as a spotter.

The Imperials maintained a pace that could not be called fast by any means. Yet, the Batomys carried within its bulk a sense of inexorable fate, plowing into and past a hill with barely a dip in speed. It loomed larger with the passing seconds, and all too soon, Jaune got a reply.

"Now!" Tattletale shouted.

His voice rang across the wall. "Fire!"

Computerized sights guided the gunners, and in the span of moments they unleashed a barrage of high-explosive ammunition upon the Imperial line. The tanks may have laid at the very edge of their range, but as blasts of flames and smoke jetted from the backend of the weapons, the warheads crossed that distance at a velocity no existing lance rocket could match. Not every single one struck true; those that did resulted in devastating effect. Designed to penetrate armor, the shaped charges punctured the thick steel at the front of the vehicles. Some 'merely' embedded in the metal to then crack open the hull like an egg when they explode. Others made it through to the very interior of the tanks, or slipped past the moving wall of armor to catch the troop transports behind them.

Deep within the city, loud booms could be heard. For once, it was Gallia that enjoyed artillery support. The air whistled as shells rained upon the attacking force. Fireballs bloomed over the meadow.

Jaune had shot at the giant tank, as did nearly a dozen other people with varying accuracy. Their combined assault set the Batomys along with the immediate area around it ablaze, gouging out the earth and throwing it in the air. Smoke washed over the tank.

For one good, long beat they watched on, holding their breath. Then, Tattletale gave her report.

"Crap."

The Batomys burst out of the smoke, its armor warped and blackened but the tank very much operable. The machine gun at the front was gone, ripped apart with its gunner never having a chance, but the hard steel shell at the rear of the compartment remained intact to keep the warheads from piercing into the mechanical vitals.

Shouts of dismay rang up and down the line. Still, Jaune took heart in that they had thrown the Imperial formation into chaos. Results were acceptable.

A shame about that hit to the resale value, but oh well. He would rather it blow up than lose Yuell.

"Don't rest now," Jaune ordered. "Hit them with the second verse. Backup arms!"

He dropped his rocket launcher, and the others followed suit. Perhaps they could have reloaded and squeezed in a salvo with the time they had left. Jaune didn't bank on it; the Imperials have cut down the distance by almost half. Which, as it happened, put them in perfect range for what came next.

The Yuell garrison grabbed at the standard lances by their side, or the lasguns for those with not the strength to lift those cumbersome sticks. He went the latter route, summoning a lasgun and cranking a dial on the side that regulates the power pack, setting it to the highest it can go. That had been a fun afternoon when they tested out the function.

As the lances fired, red beams of light traveled alongside them. With triggers held, they maintained solid lines that sliced across the landscape. Vehicles touched by the lasers found their armor melting in moments, tank threads cut apart. The troop transports suffered especially hard with their lighter hulls.

Panic swept through the Empire forces. Tanks careened into one another in their bid to avoid damage. Burning hulks became deadly obstacles that led to crashes and pileups.

One tank, the crimson Lupus, revealed its capabilities here, zigzagging in a way no tanks of that size should in order to take cover behind the Batomys. The strategy was adopted by its nearest cohorts and soon formed a column with the giant tank at their head. The luckless crews further away formed their own columns, jostling for the coveted rearmost places as they pushed the sacrifices forward to serve as shields.

The gunmen readjusted their aim, and the red lines converged on the Batomys. Metal bubbled and cooked under the intense heat.

"It's working!" crowed Tattletale. "Hold it there, and you'll—"

"Die," Jaune finished for her, paling. The supertank was turning to align itself and its big, big cannon with them. He screamed over the noise of the lasers and lances. "Down! Down! Clear the wall!"

They dove off the wall in a disorganized mob, sliding and rolling on the rubble. A resounding boom, and the position they just left erupted with the force of a volcano, sending debris high into the sky.

And, raining down over the area.

"Ahhh—!"

"Take cover—"

"Report—"

"I'm hit! I'm hit—"

"Walk it off!"

"Wait, what? Jaune, what did you just—"

"AHHH!"

"I can't hear—"

"Shut the fuck up and run—"

A voice, amplified by a megaphone, cut through the bedlam. "Batomys incoming!" Welkin warned. "Grab the wounded and evacuate now!"

The firm tone which brooked no disagreement seized their attention, and it was a wonder how many people were in running shape. They raced down the street to make as much distance as they could, following marked paths to skirt around the anti-tank mine field before rejoining the Militia platoons, seeking cover in alleyways and buildings.

All eyes were drawn to the section of the wall they had previously occupied. A rumbling cacophony on the other side grew closer and closer.

It began small. A… a ka-thunk was the best Jaune could describe it.

He had seen videos of Goliath Grimm attacking settlements, a required segment in Grimm Studies, and he recognized it. That moment when something shifted, a tiny bulge in an otherwise strong and defiant wall. That part was always so deceptive, a wound which seemed almost comical in its triviality. It gave people a split second to think "Maybe everything would be okay."

Then, the pinprick of a wound became larger. The damage widened, and the wall started to buckle inward. The ground quaked beneath their feet to herald the hell that would follow. Those who were to either side of Jaune could not help but flinch, and in every heart there burned a deep, desperate wish that the wall would hold, the plan be damned.

And then the wall shattered to destroy that hope. Once more, the Empire entered Yuell.

The Batomys charged through the gap, engulfed in a massive cloud of dust and smoke that brought to mind a gargantuan beast breathing flames. In aiming at Jaune and his troops, the supertank had ended up on the wide avenue rather than a scenario where it crashed against a building that held their people inside, squashing everyone. This also placed it right in front of the mine field, set at such a distance that momentum plunged the tank into the trap.

The cry of victory caught in Jaune's throat.

That slab of steel, the bulldozer blades attached to the front of the tank, had torn up the road ahead to grant the Batomys passage. Gallian soldiers stationed at the first set of barricades were forced to abandon the fortification as the Batomys crushed it underfoot. The supertank slowed not a single bit as it churned the dirt, cobblestone, and landmines before it in a roiling wave.

It soon met the holes and trenches, dug deep to sink any vehicle that might attempt to cross. The collected debris filled over the traps, with the tank treads flattening the ground to solid compactness. The Batomys sped past multiple layers of defenses and troops without a single by your leave. The Empire had failed again and again to put a foothold in the city, so they were putting in a fortress instead.

Behind it, the smaller tanks were funneling into the break in the wall. They rolled over the open ground with impunity, pair by pair pulling off to the side—angled outward—while their brethren continued on. The formation compelled the Gallians to back off lest they wanted to eat a tank shell.

Between this protective cordon drove the troop transport vehicles. Weathering the barrage of gunfire from the Gallians, they barreled down the center lane to mimic the same tactic, filling in the gaps left from one tank to the next. The rear doors of the vehicles burst open to disgorge the soldiers, who used the armor to buy time for them to dig in. Rifles swung around, taking aim and answered in kind by the other side. A storm of bullets thereafter arose.

Ducking into a shop, Jaune reported in. "Lisa, they're advancing fast. I saw that Lupus tank and some of the soldiers just split off. They're headed south."

"Flanking maneuver." An indistinct conversation took place on her end. "I've let the Gallians know. Landzaat is deploying with Squad 1 to intercept."

"Good. I'm—" A group of Empire soldiers appeared at the broken shop window. One of them peeked inside, catching sight of him. The man barked a warning to his compatriots. A ball of white fur latched onto his face a moment later, followed up by Jaune ramming him off his feet. Two other soldiers fell in quick succession. "I'm engaging Empire troops now! Escha, catch!"

He summoned a set of armaments whilst swinging Crocea Mors, kicking them while they were still aloft to send them toward Escha. She snatched her sword (more of a dagger) out of the air with a deft motion to slice a shallow line on an astonished gunman, then grabbed her boomerang, which she promptly threw at a lancer to ding the side of his helmet, the sound of a bell ringing out as the man crumbled to the floor. The shop fell quiet.

The cat lowered her weapons, looking around at the downed foes with a lost expression.

"Escha?" Jaune said, leaning to match her eye level. "Will you be alright?"

She snapped to attention, sword raised high in a heroic posture. "Y-Yes!"

That was… a lie. The false confidence seemed so very familiar. Still, she was trying. Accepting what must be.

Jaune offered her a comforting squeeze on the shoulder, then the Rathalos armor engulfed his form. Together, they ran out onto the street and threw themselves into the fight.

The Batomys had continued to roll forward, driving deeper into the city at the front of the procession. Jaune marked it as his heading, engaging his rocket boots to soar above the street with Escha hitching a ride. Yet, before long they found their progress bogged down by the ongoing battle. The blistering pace of the Empire's offensive had slammed against the Gallians and pushed them on the back foot, sections of the encirclement flagging under the assault.

Boy and cat deployed to these spots before the defenders could be overwhelmed, where their presence turned the momentum decidedly back in Yuell's favor. Jaune bore the brunt of it, with Escha waylaying soldiers to distract them from focusing on him. A quick hop relocated them among the Empire troops, and the thick concentration of enemy forces meant that a swing of the gunlance would knock half a dozen people away, while a shell resulted in a tank or truck going up in flames. Behind him, the Yuell militia steadily moved up the street to catch up with the Batomys.

The Imperials soon experienced a mysterious phenomenon. Ammunition caches vanished into thin air, heavy weaponry set to cut down swaths of defenders weren't where they left it, emptied-out trucks people used as cover blinked away to expose them to the Gallians' retaliation. The tight bulwark they established fell apart as Jaune brushed by the area.

A few blocks away at what passed for HQ, Tattletale would have the Company scroll in one hand, tapping away whenever she spied a new entry appear as she updated him on the situation. Because [Mobile Merchant] was less skill and more 'critical function locked behind a paywall', once bought it didn't require him there to press the button, merely that he was in contact with what needed to be sold. Tattletale had suggested he divert the split second decision over to her, saving him the distraction so that he could fight at his best.

"Landzaat has engaged the Lupus in battle," she rattled off on the other line. "Gunther is requesting—fuck, a pair of tanks just noticed my location. I need additional lancers. Jaune, send…"

He directed Walter and a detachment of lancers to the place she named. The locals knew the way better than him, and split off down an alley. Armed with modern rocket launchers and the rounds for them, they would make short work of the threat.

The moving battle was especially fierce at the forefront. Squad 7 fought a constant retreat, relying on the dense urban environment and the tank's limited field of vision to launch attacks on the superweapon. Their efforts to delay the Batomys encountered stiff resistance from its supporting troops, however. The giant tank was staying near infantry squads, clearing a path for them yet ensuring that it never pulled too far ahead. The tank crew understood their weakness and minimized it to the best of their abilities.

A shadowy arm latched onto the Batomys's hull. In a blink, Jaune impacted against it, both feet planted on the sloping metal and his gaze scanning the soldiers below. He picked a spot, and dove.

Escha jumped off midway to harry the squad. Meanwhile, he landed on a soldier's back, bringing them both to the ground. Rolling upright, Red Rook reappeared in his grasp and he fired a shot that blasted through a group of gunmen preparing to fire on him.

A blue beam of light took out a sniper posted at the center of the soldiers, whose rifle was pointed in his direction. Jaune glanced up, catching a glimpse of Marina moving along the rooftops. Given the treacherous gaps between the buildings, she and other snipers seemed to be struggling to keep pace with the battle, the main portion of which had started to leave them behind.

The Imperial troops have recovered from his sudden entry. Entire firing lines established, machine guns aimed his way. Grabbing Escha by the scruff of her neck, he evacuated her to safety, landing on the sidewalk. They scrambled behind a low wall as bullets whizzed overhead.

Jaune tsked, and spoke into his phone. "Lisa, I don't think stealing the Batomys is going to work out. Our allies are barely hanging on. Is there anything we can buy from the Marketplace that you think can turn this around?"

"Just wait," was her curt reply.

"What do you mean, wait? Lisa?"

He could not hear her answer, if she did give one. The Batomys chose that moment to let loose a round, deafening the area with the sound of the cannon. People near the tank were knocked off their feet as the recoil transmitted through the tank and into the ground.

As the world stopped shaking, Jaune looked up to see Escha with the oddest expression on her face, the lips peeled back and fangs bared as she had her paws slapped over her ears.

"Not a fan of that?"

She shook her head, and shivered in discomfort. Jaune soothed her with a pat as he searched for the tank's target.

"Ah dammit," he cried. "That was my tower."

The university was now missing one of its belltowers, the structure collapsing due to the gaping hole near its base. A superficial wound on the building, all told. Nobody would be there.

Still, he liked that spot.

An Imp poked over the wall, machine gun pointed down at them. His sword sliced the gun in half, and Jaune jumped up to bash their helmets together, winning the exchange by dint of a harder head. The sword was traded for a lasgun, red light spraying across the enemy line. A boomerang joined the assault, whirling high and far to loop around and smack a soldier on the back of the head. Escha zipped along under the soldiers' feet to retrieve the tool, proceeding to lay into ankles and shins with ferocious abandon. Up top, Jaune swept through their ranks.

An explosion wracked a tall building further back along the road. Jaune did not pay it much mind until a second blast occurred inside, then a third one over at the building opposite. The two structures teetered, their walls leaning forward at a precarious angle. Then, with an almost audible snap, they fell one after the other onto the road, burying the unfortunate Imperials caught below. The soldiers assisting the Batomys suddenly found themselves separated from reinforcements.

"Yes!" Tattletale shouted. "Jaune, now is your chance. Get on that tank!"

He hurried to heed her advice. The whole time, his mind raced.

"Since when did you prepare this?" he asked.

"Had it set up when the Batomys breached the wall. What use are engineers if we don't put their expertise to work."

Huh. It went to show that the best thing to fight an army with, was an army of his own. He had no idea this was going on, as well as perhaps half a dozen efforts in places he could not see. And yet, help arrived at the most opportune time to open the way forward for him.

With a whoop, Jaune took flight. He scooped up Escha and beelined for the Batomys as Squad 7 performed an about-face. A few bullets dinged his armor, but entire teams of Gallian soldiers seemed to materialize from the side streets to unload on the Imps, pinning them down.

He reached out to grab a set of railings mounted atop of the supertank, swinging onto the platform. At this height, he was drawing level with some of the rooftops, and he shook his head at the mind-boggling size of the house on wheels.

A metal door, as Tattletale said, rested at the end of the platform. Escha tilted her head curiously once they got near it, and pressed her ear to the metal.

"I hear people on the other side."

Guarding against intruders, no doubt. A tank of such size can afford to house and spare the personnel for the task. Jaune raised his lasgun.

"Step back, Escha."

A laser beam crashed against the door. The sustained attack melted a hole in the steel, and they heard a shriek from inside, along with the clanging of boots. Jaune dragged the laser to cut the hinges and handle, then stepped back as the door tipped open. He seized the heavy sheet of metal and shoved it off the platform, belatedly realizing that he had just lowered the value of the supertank again. Shrugging, Jaune entered the Batomys.

He was immediately greeted by a team of soldiers grouped under a dim lightbulb set in the ceiling, one of whom suffered extensive burns. Terror-stricken, their hands holding guns trembled with nerves.

A shot went off, pinging his armor and doing little harm. Jaune did not even bother using weaponry in the confined space, barreling into them and relying on the Rathalos spikes on his armor to amplify his charge, smashing them into the wall. Afterward, he checked for a way forward. A small set of stairs allowed entry to the level below, and he and Escha jumped down without hesitation.

They emerged in a cramped corridor lined with pipes and cables. A steady hiss flowed through the pipes, possibly circulating fuel or water or some other fluid. It was dark here, but the weak sources of light illuminated enough for him to discern the gleam of red armor within the shadows.

"Intruders!" cried a soldier, and it was on.

Quick as a flash, Escha darted into range and bit the frontmost trooper on his ankle. The man thrashed about, getting in the way of his allies and giving Jaune time to close the distance. Crocea Mors deployed to slice apart metal and flesh. Gunfire erupted in response, bouncing around the corridor to present an unpredictable danger for anybody who happened to be present, including the soldiers themselves. A bullet clipped a pipe, which emitted a scalding steam.

This group fared no better than the previous one, and the last soldier ate steel as Jaune slammed his face against the wall.

Escha scampered ahead to another door, going up on tiptoes to grab the handwheel that would unlatch it. She then dangled there, body squirming as she tried to find leverage. Jaune helped her out, his height and weight a more appropriate fit for the handle.

The door opened to a platform overlooking a quite spacious room. A throne sat directly ahead of him, and that was no hyperbole. The ostentatious thing appeared gilded in gold, with—Jaune walked over to look at it from the front—plush red cushions that begged for someone to sit on it.

Which he promptly did, whereupon he cast an imperious gaze over the sweat-soaked peasants (tank crew) staring in shock below.

"Stop the tank," he said. "Surrender while you're at it. I was told you would be treated humanely."

Escha wanted a turn on the chair, too. She jumped into his lap, letting him pet her fur.

An officer stood up from his less grandiose, yet still way too rich chair to glare up at Jaune.

"Never! Never shall the Empire cave to the demands of inferiors, and never shall we surrender!"

"...Okay?"

Crocea Mors hurtled across the room to embed in the officer's chest. The man gave a choked rasp and fell to the floor.

Jaune stood up to lean over the railings. One by one, he met the gazes of the other people in the room. Next to him, a much more solemn Escha brandished her sword.

"I'm really not inclined to give a second warning. I know Lisa wants me to, but it doesn't make much sense to me. You're endangering this city. If you won't stop, then it's my job to make you."

The tank crew glanced at each other, and at the fallen officer. The desire to obey was there, they were just watching for someone to do it first. Finally, one man moved.

"H-He can't take on all of us!" the man stammered, drawing a handgun from its holster.

As far as rallying cries went, it was fine. It got people to take action. The tank crew pretty much regretted it instantly as Jaune and Escha leapt onto them. The tank fell into pandemonium, with gunfire and a steady shing, shing sound that dominated the fight and soon became the only noise left.

The last two crewmen flattened their backs against the wall, a sword and a gun pressed to their throats.

"Pull the brakes," Jaune commanded. This time, they fell over one another in their rush to comply.

The tank shook and rumbled as it screeched to a halt. The crewmen chanced a look at Jaune, nervous as they eyed his weapons still raised aloft.

He smiled at them. Crocea Mors and the lasgun vanished into his Pocket. The two people appeared torn between shock at his magic, and relief that they won't be disposed of now that their use has come to an end. That rather changed when he seized them by the neck and banged their heads together to render them unconscious.

"Welp, we're done here. Escha, let's head out."

"Okay!" Escha was all too eager to do so. The air in here did not agree with her, it seemed.

Jaune dragged the unconscious crewmen with them, and picked up other survivors along the way until he was lugging a stack of Imperial soldiers. Climbing up the stairs proved an ordeal and a half, but he managed it. They soon stood out in the fresh air where he threw the lot overboard, thus securing ownership of the Batomys for himself.

The action was not missed by those on the ground. The battle had stalled out with the cessation of operation of the Batomys, and a sea of faces greeted Jaune as he looked over the avenue.

The Gallian soldiers were struck dumb, not yet able to understand. They had been fighting a hopeless battle, with the situation changing in an instant. Imperial troops stared in a stupor. The superweapon should have been their invincible star of victory, and its loss shook them to the core.

From the roof across the way, Marina swept her bangs aside, gray eyes gazing at him unblinking. Walter braced against the wall of an alleyway, and shook his head while sporting a grin. Welkin Gunther peeked out the hatch of his tank in blank astonishment. His subordinates, Largo and Rosie, had their jaws meeting the floor.

Walls and fortresses could not stop the Batomys. Rockets and artillery could not stop the Batomys. A whole damn army fighting a war over the length of a street, a straight line of destruction leading from the edge of Yuell to near the city center, could not stop the Batomys. And yet, a single person succeeded where nothing else has. A man faced a superweapon, and the man won.

Plus a cat. But telling them that would make it less believable, not more.

Jaune looked over the avenue… and he noticed something odd stirring. Shouts arose among the people, calling up to him. Weapons were pointed his way. Gallians, to a one.

No, the guns were pointed past him.

Tock. Tock. Tock.

The clacking of heels on metal was followed by rustling fabric, the swoosh of a cape or similar.

"Jaune, behind you," Tattletale murmured.

He turned his head. Behind him rested the main cannon of the Batomys, and standing above it…

High heels, pretty face, she's the type girls love to hate. A dark uniform ornamented in gold, her legs went on and on.

She held a massive rifle, long and elegantly crafted, in a loose grip with one hand, the other on her hips. The light of the sun framed her silver hair, the angel's eyes as red as that of Grimm.

The beautiful woman leveled a dispassionate gaze at Jaune.

"To silence the Batomys, you are the one, then," she said. "The person who claims to be a Valkyria."

Jaune found his tongue. "That's what they call me. And you are?"

The woman tilted her chin and glanced to the sky in thought, considering a reply. She soon nodded, and looked at him once again.

"Selvaria Bles, the most trusted hand of His Highness, Prince Maximilian. My prince has developed an inordinate fascination with you. For his sake, I will judge whether you are telling the truth."

Wait a minute, he had heard of the Max guy before. That man was from the Empire. Which meant this woman was from the Empire. An enemy.

"Really," said Jaune, scoffing as he adopted a more guarded stance. "And what makes you think you're in a position to do that?"

The woman did not answer with words. Instead, she swung her rifle around and squeezed the trigger.

The barrage of bullets passed harmlessly above his head. He was already in motion. With one stride, he closed the distance between them, swiping a newly-resummoned Crocea Mors to take out her legs.

A light hop, and the sword passed through an empty space.

The woman's descent carried a weightless quality, her form seeming to float in the air. She snapped out a kick, and it turned out far stronger than he expected, launching him back. He hit the railings, going over.

As he fell, Jaune watched Selvaria Bles kick one long leg over the metal bar, then the other, crossing them to sit in an elegant pose as she spared a moment to regard him with a haughty gaze before jumping down after him.

A battle was beginning anew. War really couldn't be easy, huh?

Also… hot~.


Author's Notes: Tall, beautiful lady with the arm strength to lift a massive cannon that barely qualifies as a personal firearm. By Remnant standards, the dream.

Let's see if we can get a chapter out on Sunday next.
Last edited: Oct 18, 2025
Stories:
QQ Sneaking His Way into the Multiverse , a RWBY Jaune, WC-lite mechanics story.
Other RWBY stories on AO3 or FF - Yakuza Arc | Conquered Menagerie: Annals of the Sixth Kingdom | Cat, Bunny, and the Good Ship Honey Starbright | The Agent
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Amdiranifani, WinterPhoenix and 630 others
LazyAutumnMoon
Sep 24, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 50: Real, and Fake
View content
LazyAutumnMoon
LazyAutumnMoon
We all need Sundancer in our life.
JoinedJun 7, 2024
Messages289
Likes received68,284
Sep 27, 2025
Add bookmark
#3,486
Chapter 50: Real, and Fake​


As he fell, Jaune beheld the blue sky, and a vision of beauty whose curtain of long, silver hair streamed behind her in the wind. Rifle in her hand, a fencing saber on her hip, she belonged on a battlefield. What a memory this would be, he thought.

Rockets on, he went from dropping like a rock to flying sideways, touching down to skid along the ground until he came to a stop a short distance away, his shield up. The woman landed a moment later, high heels clicking on the cobblestone road.

A spark was lit to reignite the conflict between Gallians and Imperials. In the blink of an eye, gunfire once more engulfed the avenue, and Jaune joined them.

He pointed with an empty hand. A lasgun filled his grip, and he pulled the trigger. The woman was already twirling out of the way, the laser bolt passing by to sizzle on the hull of the Batomys. He readjusted his aim, trying again and again. His marksmanship ensured he fired at her with accuracy, but she was just never there for the shots to hit.

No ordinary soldier, was Selvaria Bles. At a glance, her reflexes ranked on par with the top of his class, the likes of Pyrrha and Jax and Ruby Rose. The type to be aware of the exact angle at which a gun was pointing.

One of her spins ended with her feet set wide for stability and her firearm braced on the ground. Without hesitation, she let loose a barrage of bullets aimed for center mass. The rifle barely wavered as it barked a rapid staccato, the shots grouped tight and slamming into his shield with enough force that it pushed him back, his shoes scraping on the road.

His arm numbed under the assault, yet the shield held solid. That outcome took Selvaria aback, Jaune could tell. The slightest trace of a frown shaped her icy gaze into something far less confident. She broke off the attack, and through a backbreaking hip twist maneuver she rolled upright to dash for cover behind the bulldozer blade of the Batomys. Her rifle then extruded from around the corner, along with a sliver of her face. The gun roared, and Jaune dove toward the tank threads, flattening against the metal panels to minimize his frame.

"Jaune, what's happening on your end?" Tattletale called out from over the phone. "How did you not win yet?"

"You make it sound so easy," Jaune replied as more bullets struck his shield. "But no, she's more skilled than the others. Dodged the laser bolts and everything."

"You said she dodge?"

"I did. Means she isn't bulletproof."

"Not the point I took from that. How can she be that fast—no, I'll have a better picture once I get to a better spot for a look. She's someone known to the Imps, I do know that. They started fighting like mad once they saw her kick you off the Batomys."

The message was clear. Take her down, and fast. The Empire soldiers drew courage from her presence.

He fired the lasgun to drive Selvaria out of sight, then traded it for his sword. For a foe armed with a big, big cannon like her, distance equaled options. The simple solution was to cut that short and bring the fight in close. The Outsider's Mark shimmered on his hand, and [Third Arm] latched onto a spot near the front of the tank. Jaune zipped through the intervening space, arriving as the woman peeked out of hiding. Her eyes widened in shock.

His sword sliced off locks of her hair, Selvaria ducking in the nick of time. Jaune swung around the corner and kicked at her, his foot diverted aside as she swept the rifle up to block him. The rocket under the boot activated to drive the foot right back at Selvaria, the metal sections crashing into her face. Her head snapped back. Anticipating the finishing blow coming for her, Selvaria flowed with the momentum, backflipping through the air, then again and a third time to end on a knee. She had not even a second to catch her breath before he was upon her.

This close, her gun was useless, and the woman unsheathed the fencing saber hanging on her hip. It snaked over and under his sword arm to trap it, and stabbed at the gap between helmet and breastplate, where one would think the armor thin. Imagine her astonishment as Jaune made no move to block or avoid the blow, and instead continue to close in. The steel blade scored along his throat, leaving not a scratch as he glowed with Aura's light. She couldn't see his reaction to the pain beneath the visor plate of his helmet. She mirrored it, however, when his sword—having mysteriously switched hands—pierced her side.

Quick as a flash, she pulled away from the blade before it could stab deeper, twirling to draw flush with his body where he could not easily angle his sword, her back to his chest. Saber and rifle fell to the ground, leaving her hands free to wind around his neck, tightening in a stranglehold.

Despite her bleeding wound, she lifted him, armor and all, and threw him over her shoulder.

Her prodigious strength tossed him a fair distance, except she found little reprieve from it. Jaune halted in midair, fires burning beneath his feet, and zoomed at her again. Selvaria hastily kicked her weapons up, grabbing them and taking a stance.

He barreled into her without a care. From the previous exchange, he had confirmed her capabilities. The conclusion he arrived at was that the advantage lay with him. She was good, but not good enough to prevail over the fact that when one side of the duel bled and the other stayed fresh as daisies, it could end only one way. Aura decided the match.

That said, Selvaria held up well, bending and twisting out of harm's way with a sense of serene detachment that spoke of skill honed over time as opposed to the mere animal instinct to not get hurt. She was better than anyone he had faced in this world, and worked with the weight of the gun in her hand like it was an extension of her body, a pendulum to speed up her movements and affect abrupt changes in direction.

"You… are very flexible," he said with surprising composure for one who was trying to lop off her arm at the moment.

"And you are a crude, boorish man," the woman replied as she leaned away from the slash, the dismissive air about her almost palpable. "Not an ounce of finesse or patience." Her face was splattered with mud from his shoe, a streak of blood where the metal edge sliced into her skin, yet she held herself with a sureness he found quite magnetic.

"Still dominating you, aren't I? Looks to me I'm coming out on top."

She scoffed. "We shall see how long you can keep it up. Try and impress me."

"What the hell are you two doing over there?" Tattletale piped up. She seemed to be on the move, her words punctuated by heavy breaths.

"Fighting?" said Jaune.

He spied a flash of purple on a rooftop, a ribbon tied around a blonde ponytail fluttering in the breeze.

"Huh. So you are." Her tone shifted. "Get her good, Jaune!" Tattletale cheered.

Selvaria's rifle worked best at a remove, and she attempted to create the necessary space by leaping high to land on the threads of the Batomys, then up onto a machine gun emplacement jutting outward. A final hop got her atop the hull, as Jaune flung himself after her with a shadowy arm.

"Whuh?" cried a flabbergasted Tattletale. "No human can jump like that!"

"Ahem."

"Shut up, there's something weird going on. Superpowers exist here!"

He left her to wonder the hows and whys. The enemy ahead occupied his attention.

Selvaria heard him coming, and turned back to meet him, her saber tracing a silvery arc through the air. His sword chopped the blade in half to leave her holding the hilt. For all her haughtiness, she wasn't above throwing that at his face as a distraction.

Jaune batted the broken saber aside and swiped at its owner, the woman jumping up to a higher spot on the tank to escape, then onto the base of the main cannon in order to clear some distance before bringing her rifle to bear. He followed, a rocket burst putting him on the same level, one foot in front of the other. He held his shield at the ready to counter her rifle, sword poised to strike.

To test her response, he swept Crocea Mors low. Selvaria retreated half a step, letting the sword pass harmlessly while retaining plenty of room to maneuver. A squeeze of the trigger, and a bullet slammed into the joint of his sword arm, bouncing off his Aura. His cry caused her eyes to narrow dangerously, her finger brushing the rifle trigger.

He couldn't have her thinking to seize the advantage. The next one was a lunge, aimed at her chest with the flat of his sword resting above the shield that was covering him to minimize his frame. She didn't even blink as she leaned aside, hips rolling to maintain balance. Still, it forced her another step back. Finding his rhythm, Jaune advanced step by step. His attacks pressed her to retreat a little further each time, the slow and careful approach denying her a suitable target to fire upon. It served her right for saying he had no patience. He could wait when the payoff was great enough.

Soon, they've crossed the base of the cannon, and onto the cannon barrel itself. When her high-heeled foot settled on the curved surface, Selvaria hesitated for a beat, then continued on. Jaune granted her not a single inch, pushing forward.

"You can try jumping," he suggested.

A delicate eyebrow rose. "And would you stab me if I tried?"

"Are you kidding? No way!"

He would totally stab her if she tried.

It seemed that Selvaria also suspected the same. She gave a slight shake of her head in reply.

"Well, then you can surrender," Jaune said. "I suppose I should at least offer you that chance."

At that, her eyes flicked past him. Jaune followed suit, chancing a quick look to make sure no danger was coming his way.

Up here, the two of them could observe far more of the battlefield, and the sights they saw drew a grimace from him.

Along the wide avenue, tanks spew smoke and flames. Trapped between the blue, a red line thinned to a sliver, pockets of Imperial resistance struggling to stem the Gallian tide. Defeat was a foregone thing. They were killing just to die. A complete, utter waste.

City garrison and Militia troops and even the civilians of Yuell fought side by side, covering for each other as they kept the Imperials pinned down. Where defenses proved resilient, grenades were employed to devastating effect. Lancers and snipers on rooftops rained death on the enemy below. Of the civilians, one particular man stood out, drunk on the carnage and moving so fast it almost looked like he teleported from place to place, firing on enemy soldiers with a gun from close range. On this side of the fallen buildings, the Edelweiss and Squad 7 were mopping up the remnants of the Batomys's supporting infantry, with Walter and others from the garrison covering their backs. Cut off from their allies, the soldiers in red armor shouted for reinforcements that never came.

"They'd listen if you tell them to stop, won't they?" Jaune said, growing somber. He returned her glare with a blank gaze. "I'm being serious here. What's the point of continuing? Your troops already lost, so what are you even fighting for? I mean, look at that." He indicated with his sword.

It seemed nothing could go in the invaders' favor, because a group of them was beset by rats, of all things. No cause was worth that fate.

Selvaria did not agree. "They move to the will of His Highness, and that is all the purpose they need. A sword, as I am, to enact his vision."

Were they? He saw soldiers curled in pain. He saw men sobbing as they lay dying, their knightly helmets cracked and fallen in the mud to reveal faces younger than his own. Theirs were not the cold, heartless steel of a blade.

He wondered what Selvaria saw through her eyes.

It hardly mattered, now. He had his answer.

Jaune shot forward, hands empty and armor suddenly gone to cut down on weight, advancing faster than he had done the entire fight—faster than Selvaria anticipated. Getting within range, he seized the woman by the arm, swinging her off her feet and throwing her into the sky.

The lasgun appeared in his hands, and he aimed it up high at his helpless foe.

Bam!

He was now holding a piece of junk, a bullet smashed into the center of the lasgun to render it useless scrap. His opponent hadn't been as helpless as he thought. With a stiff grin plastered on his face and one eye twitching, Jaune tossed the lasgun aside, and blasted off to follow Selvaria up into the air.

Bullets flew at him, Selvaria shooting as she fell, but he traced a winding course to avoid them. Once near, he retrieved his sword and swung it at the woman whose narrowed eyes watched him intently.

A midair twist at the last second, and she slapped the blade aside with her gloved palm. The muzzle of her rifle pointed in his direction. The shot was caught on a shield that appeared in a blink and vanished just as quickly, while Jaune rocket-stepped above her. Crocea Mors became Red Rook, and he slapped the massive gunlance down on Selvaria.

The rifle was torn from her grip, hitting the side of the Batomys with a clang. Selvaria struck the ground a moment later, and Jaune had to admit he was impressed when she bounced back up like some kind of crazed grasshopper to lunge after her gun. Even now, she intended to fight on.

Jaune squashed that hope by landing between them, his foot stomping on the rifle. He gave it a second to see if Tattletale had noticed the entry popping up on the Company scroll. When the rifle stayed in place, he deposited it inside his Pocket instead.

"And that's my win, I think," he said, playing off the brief period of silence.

Huffing for breath, Selvaria replied, "It is not you who will decide that."

"...Seriously? I'm amazed you can stand, and you believe you're in any shape to continue this?"

Apparently so, because with a final deep breath, she reasserted her composure. Her back straightened, and she planted a fist on her hip.

"Yes, I am," she said.

Her tone struck an odd note, prompting Jaune to study her with greater care. That hadn't been bravado at work. She sounded so certain.

He soon noticed what was wrong.

"Why aren't you bleeding anymore?"

Selvaria shifted her stance, running a hand above the tear in her uniform where he had stabbed her earlier. The open wound had knitted together at some point during their clash.

"A hundred cuts have been made on this body," she said, swiping a finger over the red stain and bringing it up before her eyes, "healed by morning so that a hundred more can take their place. For all your claims, your ignorance proves your lie. You are no Valkyria. You have not suffered for your power… because of your power." Her hand curled into a fist, and she gave Jaune an empty stare. "That is what it takes to reach this point. To awaken."

"Are you saying someone sliced you open to make you heal better?" he asked incredulously. "Was it that prince?"

She sighed a sweet sigh, shaking her head. "He saved me. For him, I was worthy as I am." The expression dimmed. "He is one of a kind. To the world, a Valkyria is a being of pain, born for destruction."

Jaune winced at that glimpse into a story he was not ready for, made worse by Tattletale whispering theories over the line about 'lab rat' and 'torture'. Still, a detail stood out, blaring in neon lights. If Selvaria was to be believed, then he stood in front of a Valkyria.

The word was one steeped in legend, shaping the creation myth of Europa. Warriors of nigh magical powers, they once ruled this land. Except, when asked, nobody seemed to have any consensus on what was possible for a Valkyria, or what they even looked like. Tattletale posited they weren't real in the first place as was wont with wizards, demigods, and other fantastical figures to be found in stories, hence why he slotted neatly into the role for the people of Yuell. Absent the real thing, who could say different?

One person, at this moment.

He wasn't about to let the lie come crashing down, now. The hope of too many people hinged on believing it as the truth. So, he put on a confident veneer, and scoffed at her.

"Oh, really?" he said, slapping a hand on the side of the Batomys. "Well then, do you see this tank? Want to know what I can do to it?"

With that, the entire Batomys—a two-story fortress on wheels—vanished from existence. For the second time, the battlefield fell to a hush. Nearby, the men and women of Squad 7 showed bug-eyed looks, with even the members of the Yuell garrison stock still in shock. Selvaria herself failed to stifle her reaction, lips parting in an open-mouthed stare at the deep groove left in the ground where the supertank once stood.

"Sure looks like destruction to me," Jaune remarked. Internally, he breathed a sigh of relief. Tattletale got the hint after all. He would have looked so stupid, otherwise.

Selvaria's mouth drew a thin line.

A whisper came from the phone. "Oh hey, want me to sell this rifle, too?"

"Nah, not yet," he said, matching Tattletale's volume and barely moving his lips. "I need a gun. Lost the last one." He returned his attention to Selvaria as she began to speak.

"The results appear inconclusive," she admitted, and the clinical way she said it raised the alarm bells in his head. Jaune swung his gunlance on his shoulder and summoned its accompanying shield. Bracing his weapons, he charged forward intent on ending the battle.

A resounding boom rang across the city that had him bringing up his shield, and his allies ducking on reflex. A long object then shot out of a side street, whistling through the air as it flew in an arc. The missile slammed into the road in front of Selvaria, impaling the earth. She displayed no surprise at its sudden appearance.

"Careful, that was launched by the Lupus," Tattletale warned. "Landzaat's flipping out. Something about a—"

Selvaria wrapped her fingers around a handle near the base of the rod-like object and, arm straining, pulled it out of the ground to brandish as a weapon. Comically large in her dainty hand, it bore a strange blue sheen, with grooves that ran along its length in a spiral pattern, flaring into a guard at the base and tapering to a point at the tip—it was a lance, no two ways about it. A circular disc covered one side of the hilt, its purpose growing clear as it detached and was wielded in her left hand as a shield.

"...Yeah, that," Tattletale finished. "Wowee, the thing's massive."

"Well, mine's bigger."

Tattletale spluttered, "I was providing you an analysis, silly man! She must have gorilla arms to lift that!"

Their bickering cut out as a glow overtook Selvaria Bles. Jaune's eyes widened as blue flames roiled from the woman, encasing her from head to toe in a sight which squeezed his heart tight for how it resembled something else so familiar to him. The lance that she struggled to hold aloft ceased to waver, the tip holding still. The weapon had taken on the same bright shine, bearing an otherworldly radiance.

"I called it! Dammit!" Tattletale appeared torn between smugness and concern. "She has superpowers. Enhanced strength to go with the self-healing. In fact, is that Aura? Do they make flames like that?"

"Not that I've heard of," Jaune said, warily eyeing this new development. "Unless it's an effect of her Semblance, but her eyes aren't glowing in that way."

Yet, what would he call that, beside Aura?

Selvaria strode forward, and swept the lance to the side. "Witness the flames of Valkyrur, a far cry from your pathetic imitation. I am Selvaria Bles, the one true Valkyria of this world. His Highness has no need of another!"

Boundless pride colored her tone, red eyes alight with conviction. The words reverberated with a supernatural timbre that carried over the distance. Wisps of blue fire flickered and danced upon her body, gravity defied as her hair adopted a life of their own to float on the wind. The rapturous sight of this angel of battle brought soldiers to their knees, prayers springing to their lips.

"…Pft. Daddy issues." Tattletale couldn't quite hide the shakiness of her voice beneath the attempt at humor.

"I think it's more complicated than that, Lisa. She's no joke."

He got the feeling that it was him, instead, who would be the punchline.

And when Selvaria zipped across the space between them, swinging the lance, Jaune learned how right he was. The lance smashed into his shield, and he might as well have done nothing at all. It blew him off the ground, sending him skipping across the road, leaving cracks on the pavement along the way until he hit a building. His back slammed against the wall, and Jaune saw stars.

"Holy crap, Jaune, are you okay!?" Tattletale yelped. Her head poked over the edge of the building.

Woozy, Jaune waved up to her.

"Aright, okay, this is a bit of a pickle, but you got this," Tattletale spoke at a fast pace. "She's a couple notches higher on the Brute scale than you. Aura on crack, basically, and we can add enhanced speed to that strength. That lance survived a launch that buried it in the ground without a scratch, the material isn't normal for the current level of industry here—harder than titanium. Uh… the more I think about it, the more it sounds like a bad idea to face her in a fight."

Tock. Tock. Tock.

Jaune raised his head at the sound, and sighed. "But I don't have a choice, do I?"

Tattletale didn't answer, which said enough. With what they knew now, the superweapon was never the Batomys, but this person before him. If he won't fight her, she could well turn that strength onto Yuell.

The woman was in no hurry, striding toward him with graceful steps.

"I do not know what you are," she said, a cold smile rising, "but you are not what he seeks. This world cannot change with your pitiful strength. Now begins your second test, although I hold no expectations."

Thwack!

A boomerang smacked her on the nose. In its wake, the world took a pause, with Selvaria and Jaune staring in confusion at the piece of wood clattering to the ground. Slowly, they turned their heads.

Escha, squatting on all fours, blinked innocently back at them. Selvaria scanned the area around the felyne, then peered at her in suspicion. A few seconds went by in silence.

Finally, Escha's facade cracked, and she stuck out her tongue. The felyne then dashed away to hide behind some rubble. It brought a smile to Jaune's face. With a groan, he pushed to stand upright.

If a cat could fight this 'Valkyria', then he could, too. Besides, for all that she received a power-up…

A blue beam of light slammed into Selvaria, fired from a roof.

…it was him who had help.

The Gauss rifle shot had struck Selvaria on her lance arm, eliciting a grimace from the woman but otherwise failing to dislodge her weapon. Next were Walter and his team of lancers, rockets blasting off their lances in a salvo that would have sent a tank sky high.

Turning on her heels, Selvaria let two of the rockets pass. It put her in the path of the rest. She caught the first on her shield, and the explosion couldn't even rock her back a single step. Her lance slapped the other rocket aside, directing it behind her where it detonated on the road.

Cries of disbelief passed along the Gallian line. Up on his tank, Welkin Gunther cut through the uproar with a sharp command, reasserting order. The soldiers, Militia and Yuell garrison, lifted their weapons, and peppered Selvaria with gunfire.

Selvaria hunched slightly behind her shield, and the bullets ricocheted off the glowing metal to no effect.

"Add bullet-resistant to the list!" Tattletale cursed. "Kinetic absorption on the shield? What kind of cheating bull—"

Jaune cut her off. "Give me something, Lisa. Anything."

"You make it sound so easy," Tattletale whined, mimicking his words earlier. She took a deep breath, and the uncertainty faded. "Buy me time."

"Got it~"

Jaune lifted his gunlance, and fired a shell. Red Rook was never meant for that distance, but his marksmanship made up the shortfall. Fire bloomed on Selvaria's shield.

Like the lance rockets, the shell did not manage much. It need not do more than distract her from the Gallian troops, and give him an opening. His boots carried him across the street, and as the smoke faded, Selvaria found him within her range. The gunlance traced an arc over his head, crashing down on her with all the strength he could muster.

It struck her shield, and stopped cold.

Jaune stared into red eyes. "Uh…"

This might have been a mistake.

Selvaria spun, dragging her lance in a circle and swinging for him. He caught it on his own shield. For a brief instant, he thought it would be okay. He could handle it, he could deal. Then, his arms buckled under the force of the blow, and Jaune was lifted off of his feet entirely. The Valkyria angled the weapon down to pound him into the ground. His Rathalos armor encased him just before impact.

Wham!

His face met the ground, and had barely raised his body when she slapped the lance down again. The pavement cracked beneath him, driving an imprint of him into the earth.

"This, is a taste of the power you lack."

No, it was dirt. Jaune spat out a mouthful through the gap in his visorplate.

Something furry and white entered his view, pressed against the road and shuffling stealthily along. Escha leapt for Selvaria from a blindspot, latching onto the woman's back with her claws, jaw clamped on a mouthful of the long, silver hair and pulling with all her might. The blue flames neither burned nor harmed, akin to Aura in how it lacked heat.

With a startled yelp that cracked her cool image, Selvaria shook her hair to try and dislodge the unseen thing on her back, then dropped her shield in order to reach around. Jaune dove for the shield, and Selvaria kicked him back. Seizing Escha by the scruff of her neck, the woman threw the yowling felyne away. Flipping end over end, Escha landed on her feet, drawing her boomerang.

Jaune coordinated with her, attacking from opposite sides. Pulling out Selvaria's rifle, Jaune aimed the gun at the woman, firing off a burst. The stream of bullets lacked the kick he expected, and he did not feel the pull of 'marksmanship' as hard as on other occasions—the shot maintained a tight grouping throughout, accurate to an astounding degree. A boomerang flew in an arc.

A shift of her stance, and the lance hid Selvaria's body behind its bulk, the bullets tinkling on the hard metal. At the same time, she hooked her foot under the shield and flicked it up to block the boomerang.

Jaune swapped for his gunlance, and Escha drew her sword. Roaring a battlecry, they rushed at their foe.

Selvaria smacked Escha down, then blocked Jaune's lance with her own. As Escha bounced off the cobblestone, the Valkyria caught her with a kick that sent her sailing down the street, before punching Jaune with her shield, snapping his head back. As he recovered, he saw her lance performing an overhead swing.

A premonition flashed across his mind. He really did not want to eat another mouthful of dirt.

Vanishing his weapons, Jaune threw out his hand, launching a shadowy arm that pulled him out of range. He rolled on the ground, catching his balance and springing up. He turned to face Selvaria.

Who was right there in front of him.

Cursing, he rearmed, stabbing his lance at her. It screeched off the shield, and her counterattack came screaming for his face.

A blast of his rocket boots propelled him above her. A blur passed him by, her red eyes meeting his blue. He turned his head, and she was the one above now.

Jaune twisted his foot, and a burst of rocket fire moved him to the side. The lance swept past his face, missing by inches. Instead, it was the shield that punched him in the gut, sending him slamming into the dirt again. Her knees collided with his chest bearing all her momentum, the force blanking his mind.

Disoriented, he looked through a haze at the woman above him. Her long hair draped down to cover up the world, leaving only them.

"I want that lance," Jaune breathed out.

"Yours is intriguing in its own way," she murmured. "I will take it from your corpse. A fitting end for the one to steal my Ruhm."

He searched his scrambled thoughts for what she could mean. "The rifle?"

By an unknown mechanism, her shield started to spin. Slow at first, then faster and faster until it revved like a sawblade.

"It was a gift to me from His Highness. A precious memento."

Uh-oh.

"Can I bribe you with it?" he asked hopefully.

Her head tilted as she looked at him. "To joke in these circumstances, you are a curious one. And the manner in which you fight… A false Valkyria you may be, but in your own way, it seems you too were born for this place."

Was that praise, or damning judgment? He was not happy to hear it, for what it implied.

A harsh voice cut into the conversation. "No, he was born for the kitchen, cooking up crepes. Say hello, bitch."

A tank shell impacted Selvaria on the side to throw her into the distance.

Jaune raised his head to watch her bounce on the cobblestone much like he did earlier. His heart swelled with warmth at the sight. It served her right for kicking his butt up and down the block. Gunfire poured down on her position from the Gallians.

Escha rushed over to him, an energy potion pulled out from who knew where. She offered it up for him to drink, revitalizing him.

"Good timing, Lisa," he spoke into the phone. "Thanks."

"Thank Gunther. He's got a good gunner in that tank. A little lower and it would have been you to get hit."

His face paled. "Tell him to let his sister know she did a good job, and for her to never do that again."

Tock. Tock. Tock.

That sound snuck past the roaring battlefield to reach Jaune's ears, and as if drawn by a spell, his head moved in a stiff, jerky motion to a point down the road.

Out of the fires and smoke left from the tank shell strode Selvaria, clothes ruffled and her pale skin scratched up but otherwise showing no signs of distress.

"Holy hell, I don't think even I could walk that off," Jaune said in a stupor.

"Blow this, you have to retreat," Tattletale decided without hesitation. "You, Escha, the entire Gallian force. Evacuate the city if you have to, and we'll figure a different avenue of attack. This is like fighting Alexandria. You just don't."

There was a sharp intake of breath over the line.

"What is she doing?"

Selvaria had stopped in the middle of the road, lance pointed before her. Something was off about that lance, a shimmering effect that—

It was spinning. That was what he was seeing, the weapon revolving in the manner of a drill. Blue flames materialized out of thin air, swirling up and down the length of the lance, the effect accelerating over time.

"She's aiming at you. It's an attack and she's aiming at you. Jaune, get in the air, now!"

The panic in her voice brooked no questions. Heeding her, Jaune shot into the sky. The lance rose to follow. The flames surrounding it soon coalesced into an inferno.

With a thrust of the lance, Selvaria launched her attack.

It sounded like thunder. That was Jaune's thought as blue flames washed over his vision. Thunder, and a lightning bolt going the wrong way. Angled up, the beam of blue fire struck the top of a building, and seared through it like nothing was there to pierce the sky, the walls and floors flattened in its wake. The structures to either side buckled from the pressure alone, the windows blown out and roofs crumbling.

The beam glanced by Jaune, never even touched him, and yet it whipped him around. Around and around until he couldn't tell up or down, rattling him within his armor to point he was ready to puke. A hard impact on his back knocked the breath from his lungs.

As his vision returned, Jaune came to half-buried in the side of a building, overlooking the street where he fought Selvaria. From Tattletale and Marina curled up on a roof to the Gallian soldiers lying prone to Escha sitting on the ground after her legs gave out, utter silence greeted the woman who stood down the road. A ring of scorchmark decorated the pavement beneath her feet.

One by one, the scared mortals peeked out from behind their hands to behold the monster among them. Their hearts were leaping from their chest, the animal part of their brains screeching for them to run. Others held their guns in shaking grips, struggling to level it at the threat that must be killed now, now, now.

And then Selvaria began charging up her lance again.

For one terror-stricken moment, Jaune searched frantically for his escape route, but he had it wrong. His heart sank like a stone as he realized where she was aiming. The center of the Gallian line.

Pandemonium reigned. The tank treads of the Edelweiss screamed as it tried to adjust course. Garrison and Militia troops dove for the nearest rubble and divots on the road in the hope that it would shield them, with too many caught out in the open. Jaune's eyes zeroed in on the little white figure among them.

Tattletale tried to say something, but he was already in the path of Selvaria's lance before she got the second word out. Jaune summoned both his shields and slammed them against the ground, digging into the road to help it hold. Escha took shelter there a moment later, with Walter, Corporal Rosie, and a mishmash of their people piling in behind Jaune, desperate for anything to stand between them and the Valkyria.

One certainty gripped him, it wouldn't be enough. That attack had blown apart a building. He would not hold for long.

A split second lasted an eternity, and a dozen different avenues of thought ran amok. All solutions were discarded, for there were none—it was a foregone thing. The best he could do was to stack the deck.

The adventurer card appeared between his fingers. He fumbled to grab it tight.

His Level according to it had skyrocketed in the weeks he spent in this world, the skill points racking up as a result. He had been saving them, waiting for an ability that wowed him. There was another aspect to those skill points. The possibility existed to increase one's attributes.

He had fantasized of nigh magical powers, to split a bullet into ten or run upon the falling leaves, but they wouldn't grant his wish. Then and now, what he wanted was only this.

His fingers smashed on the Strength and Vitality stats. The numbers began to scroll higher, faster and faster as he threw into them all he had accumulated so that he may hold back the world which desired for him and his to die. As the final skill point slammed into place, he released a shaky breath.

It had to be enough.

He looked at the spiraling beam heading for him. His eyes flicked below, to the shivering Escha burying her face into his shirt. Glanced behind, to the hands pressed on his back belonging to those he led into this battle.

It wouldn't be enough.

He curled down over Escha to better cover her, and braced.

It wouldn't be enough, but it had to be enough.

Jaune did not know the reason why, when he closed his eyes, he dreamed of Sundancer.


Author's Notes: ᓚ₍ ^. .^₎
Last edited: Oct 7, 2025
Stories:
QQ Sneaking His Way into the Multiverse , a RWBY Jaune, WC-lite mechanics story.
Other RWBY stories on AO3 or FF - Yakuza Arc | Conquered Menagerie: Annals of the Sixth Kingdom | Cat, Bunny, and the Good Ship Honey Starbright | The Agent
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:m213, Amdiranifani, WinterPhoenix and 651 others
LazyAutumnMoon
Sep 27, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 51: Valkyria, Valkyria
View content
LazyAutumnMoon
LazyAutumnMoon
We all need Sundancer in our life.
JoinedJun 7, 2024
Messages289
Likes received68,284
Oct 4, 2025
Add bookmark
#3,620
Chapter 51: Valkyria, Valkyria​

It had begun as a steady rhythm. Thump. Thump. Thump.

His world fell silent but for that sound. In the space between the heartbeats, memories emerged. An autumn forest encircled him, and skyscrapers rose to the sky. The details may change, but he had stood here before.

There then came a distant roar from far away. Louder, louder it grew and that, too, he recognized. It was the world that would not wait for him to grow into a hero, to leave him with a choice to be made now. His friend, or himself.

Why did the roads he walked always seemed to lead back to the same moment? Like a story playing again and again, waiting for the ending in which he breaks.

"You saved me."

He did not want to see their story end. He never believed in destiny.

He had to be good enough. Thump. Thump. Thump.

A burst of invigoration soothed his weary limbs. Warmth pulsed in his veins. Jaune raised his head, and opened his eyes to stare into the blue flames. He was already set afire, glowing from within.

The spiraling missile struck the shields, light crashing into light, and it encountered a wall it could not pierce through. Harder it pressed, yet, as his back bent and his bones creaked, Jaune shoved against the near physical flames to keep the barriers standing and he found the world rearing back. As the balance see-sawed, the lance of light almost but never quite able to overwhelm him, he pulled on the mysterious well of energy he could sense at the edge of consciousness and his stance firmed, the roiling heat just a little more bearable, and in that place he held.

Without anywhere to go, the missile bloomed into a flower upon his shields, petals of blue fire unfolding in every direction. They seethed with a violent rage, scattering across the area to burn at whatever they could even as they dissipated with the passing moments. Screams and cries arose, but Jaune did not dare turn to look.

Then, he felt the balance tip back the other way. His shields shifted as the pressure assailing them began to dim. Singed and beaten from the abuse, they remained steadfast as he seized the momentum and rose up to slam a foot forward.

His arms strained, and with a shout Jaune batted aside the remnants of the beam. Behind her blue flame, Selvaria Bles stood with lance held aloft. Her red eyes slowly widened as she recognized his form.

Jaune had no time for her. His gaze lowered to the quaking bundle of fluff clinging onto him with all four paws, her face buried in his shirt.

"Escha! Are you okay!?" he cried.

Upon hearing him, the felyne cracked one eye open. Her head then snapped up, turning every which way before she looked at him.

"I'm… I'm alright?" she said. Then, louder. "I'm alright!"

There were voices behind him, elated and half-disbelieving shouts. His ears pricked up, attempting to pick them apart to search for the people he knew—looking meant seeing those whose voices he would no longer hear. The babble made it an impossible task. He heard his name pass from person to person, spoken in the mirror tone of a hushed stupor. It swept across the avenue.

Escha continued to stare at him, blinking. She started to reach for his face. "Jaune, Jaune, your eyes are glowing! They're so pretty!"

Glowing? His eyes?

Jaune drew a sharp breath. He knew of one thing that could mean.

A Semblance.

No sooner had he put a word to it, that the well of energy coalesced to settle at the back of his mind. A part of him that had always been there hidden by the thinnest veneer, it no longer faded away now acknowledged at last.

He did not get the chance to dwell on it. An echoing whisper carried across the length of the street.

"How?"

Selvaria looked unwell, a shiver wracking her body and her gaze jumping from place to place. Those mesmerizing eyes found him again.

"That power. That radiance. Are you truly a…? But then that would make them the same, and that's not possible!"

She sounded rather lost, with a trace of plaintiveness that she struggled to hide. The cold demeanor was nowhere to be found.

"You cannot all be Valkyria!"

Jaune and Escha looked at her, then at each other. The gears in their heads took a while to turn—they weren't the thinker in the group. Still, the two of them got there in the end. As one, they peeked over Jaune's shoulder.

The scene was a far cry from what he dreaded to find. Selvaria's attack had been weakened after smashing against him, but it had wreaked indiscriminate havoc at the end. His people, he had confidence in their odds. On the other hand, Squad 7 would have suffered the brunt of it.

And yet, the only bodies to suffer the blue flames wore the armor of the Empire, already dead from their clash with the Gallians and now burning to a crisp. Between these figures, three dozen or so garrison members and Squad 7 soldiers were staggering to their feet. They bore scorchmarks, with a fair number hugging themselves for comfort after having stared death in the face, but they were alive. Every single one.

Had he protected them, as he did Escha? No.

They carried a light about them. Many were flickering, pushed to the limit. A few burned bright. It was an unmistakable sight. In every hue, the Gallians shone with the colors of Aura.

Some, he had a hand in. Walter, Mica, and the others from Yuell who fought alongside him. Tattletale would have torn into him had she ever thought to inspect his troops in person, but it was how they could weather weeks of battle and walk off falling debris.

Those from Squad 7, however, he never awakened their souls.

Well, that wasn't quite right. He had done it for one.

The Edelweiss sat further back. It dodged the worst of the blue flames, which still resulted in the threads on one side melting into the road, turning it into a sitting duck. The lieutenant, Welkin, was kneeling above the hatch with a hand reaching down to help another figure climb out. Jaune zeroed in on that girl, Isara Gunther. The only possibility to explain what had occurred.

How in the world had she figured it out?

"No, you… you are fakes," Selvaria reassured herself, despite the uncertainty in her voice. She straightened her back and firmed her stance, finding comfort in discipline. "You are playing a trick. These are not the flames of Valkyrur!"

From Jaune's phone, a voice called out, shouting so Selvaria would catch it. "Different circumstances lead to different evolutions. Duh. Who made you the authority on what can and can't happen?"

"I am a Valkyria!"

Jaune had a choice between the simple truth, or a big, bold-faced lie.

"And so are we," he said.

A silence ensued in which he could feel the looks of all his allies within earshot on him, including the cat, asking his game. There was a goal here somewhere, but if pressed, he would admit that he was still working on it.

Selvaria shook her head in denial, opening and closing her mouth yet unable to dismiss his claim outright. It was punctuated by a little voice murmuring over the phone.

"Oho."

The ground cracked as Selvaria pushed off with one foot, clearing the space between him and her in a single bound. With a powerful cry, she swung her lance.

Escha darted away, and Jaune raised his mechashift shield.

Her blow, when it landed, was still heavy. Oh so heavy. His knees bent under the force, his arm holding the shield turning numb upon impact. This time, however, he held her there, giving not another inch. Tapping into his Semblance, a surge of strength filled his arms, amplifying the effect from his increased attributes and amplified in turn by the bone charm he attained so long ago.

He rebuffed the lance and manifested his own. Pivoting, he slammed Red Rook into Selvaria.

Earlier, the attack would have done little to nothing. Now, her heels screeched along the road, scraping lines in the ground. Selvaria stared down at her lance as if it had betrayed her.

"Oho?" he said to his phone in the aftermath. "She's flipping out. I messed up!"

"No, this is good. What you said affected her. All of you need to get back in there. Fight her!"

"Bwah?" he replied, suavely. "Pardon me, miss?"

"It's the best hope for us to not get slaughtered. We can't give her free rein to use that laser again. Stick to her like glue."

Selvaria had taken a guarded stance, her eyes locked onto him. Unlike before, she studied him with care, hesitant to open an exchange. In turn, Jaune watched her warily, resting his gunlance on a shoulder with his shield held in front of his body.

A closer look at the shield half of Crocea Mors, and Jaune swapped it with the Red Rook version, which had fared better under the heat.

"Tattletale, what are my odds here?"

"...Good."

He couldn't tell if she was speaking the truth.

Tattletale listened to his silence, and added, "That woman is all brawn and no technique with that lance. She hasn't had it long, days at most, and wields it in the style of a fencer."

"Her experience is with the saber," Jaune mused.

"Exactly. She isn't using it to its fullest potential. What you did to block her laser beam looks like how you described Semblances to me. Can you do it again?"

"I can. Easy-peasy." Now that he understood what to look for, the process became almost dead simple. He just had to really want it. From time to time, the connection to his Semblance pulled away from him, seeming to fall asleep. A mental tug, and it would soon respond.

"Then you aren't hopeless here. Go hit her for me."

Jaune took a deep breath and exhaled, mustering his nerves. Selvaria Bles was Death in high heels, and his best idea to defeat her right now revolved around hitting her harder. Tattletale seemed to have an inkling of a plan forming, though, and he could only trust that she knew what she was talking about.

Huh. All of a sudden, he was feeling a whole lot worse.

Ah well, nothing for it, then.

His rocket boots activated, and Jaune kicked forward to skim along the road. He stayed at a slow speed at first. Then, as he approached within range of Selvaria, he shot ahead.

Instantly, Selvaria struck out with a thrust to his chest. The lance hit his shield, deflecting on an angle off the Rathalos scales. Jaune spun with the motion to get even closer, planting his foot and pushing with his shoulder to slap the gunlance resting on it down on his opponent. Her shield nullified the impact.

For a brief time, their faces were inches apart.

"How did you become stronger?" she asked him.

"Didn't I just say? I'm like you," Jaune replied with a small, sly smile, barely visible through the gap in his helmet. Selvaria caught it, and he watched as she was torn between a reply and an attack.

The moment broke as Escha landed on his shoulder, and used it as a springboard to leap for Selvaria. A shield bash flipped the cat into the air, Selvaria arcing her lance upward in order to impale Escha on the tip.

The felyne howled in pain, yet no blood was drawn. A shimmer of light, more pink than white, prevented the lance from piercing through.

Selvaria gawked at the sight. It could have passed beneath notice before, but presented with the possibility that all the people facing her were Valkyria, she now had to entertain the thought that the cat was one, too.

That opening allowed Jaune to crack her on the chin with his shield. Her head snapped back, the incredulity still evident in her expression. She recovered quickly and, with a flip, cleared some space between them, while he stayed to catch Escha before she hit the ground.

"You're willing to kill a cat?" he spat at Selvaria, soothing Escha with pets.

"That cat was willing to kill me."

Jaune cocked an eyebrow, and Selvaria paused as that statement caught up to her. The barest grimace passed over her face, thereafter shoved deep below the surface.

"You are trying to disturb me," she accused as her chilly demeanor made its return.

"As if that's hard at all," Tattletale chimed in, her tone mocking. "Torturing small animals and slaughtering innocent people are the kind of things someone already utterly unhinged would consider. That prince sure did a number on you."

Crude and provocative, the harsh indictment was meant to get a rise out of Selvaria. Her best move would have been to let it pass. The little hooks Tattletale set within those words made that impossible.

"Do not speak of what you do not understand," snapped Selvaria, emotions bubbling up again. Without the culprit here to vent her ire on, she launched at Jaune to pummel him with her lance, a one-two combo to hammer on his defenses, knocking him off his balance. Blue flames began to swirl around her lance.

[Third Arm] shot for her face, blinding her and pulling him in close. Jaune's eyes shone white, and he shoulder-checked the lance to shove it off course, the unyielding strength in Selvaria's arm meeting its match.

Right on cue, Tattletale spoke. "Don't I? I bet I understand him more than you ever did."

The lance fired a beam that blasted another building to pieces. At the same time, the shadows over her eyes dispelled, letting Selvaria see Jaune rearing back. An instant later, his helmet met her forehead.

Despite the layers of protection stacking one atop another, pain bloomed to blind him—he had done it with those in mind. Jaune stumbled over the cobblestone away from Selvaria, expecting a retaliation that never came, instead hearing the sound of her high heels clicking as she staggered a couple of steps in the opposite direction. That blow had probably contained enough force to turn a Beowolf to paste on impact, and seemed to have surpassed the Valkyria's ridiculous damage tolerance.

"It's working!" Tattletale cheered.

"Yaaaay," he deadpanned, still seeing stars. "Why are you winding her up even more?"

She lowered her voice to let no one else hear.

"Selvaria is scared. Jealous. Bit of one, bit of the other. On some levels, she understands that her status as the 'true' Valkyria is important to her prince charming, and he's her whole world. You've rattled her by proving your power. I'm pushing that further."

"Okay, what does that mean?"

"I've seen that kind of girl before. They're held up by pillars. Give a knock to their worldview, and they break. Now hit her with all we got while she's distracted!"

…Were they the bad guys, here?

A sensation of deep unease made itself known, but he stamped it down. His partner had a brilliant plan, he was sure.

Heeding her, he fired a gunlance shell. Too late, Selvaria had the awareness to read the angle and dodged right as he pulled the trigger; it sailed over her to smash through a window. A blue beam sliced across her shoulder before she could recover, burning away the fabric to sear the flesh beneath. The damage looked more akin to a bad sunburn than what a laser should have done to a person, and had already begun to heal, but the hiss of pain (or was it discomfort?) was heard by everyone. She had felt it.

Gunfire erupted on her, providing Jaune the chance to close in. He whispered instructions to Tattletale, and as the bullets ceased, he bashed Selvaria's shield with his lance and fired off another shell that made a lot of noise and not much else. All the momentum seemed to blink out of existence as it encountered that metal disc. Selvaria lashed out with a kick.

"Incoming," a tinny voice informed him.

Rather than avoiding it, Jaune accepted the attack. He laughed as the high heels slammed into his hardy frame, because he felt to his bones the certainty that he could have stood his ground. It didn't hurt so bad, was his thought, except the situation called for him to roll with it, so he fell limp to let Selvaria send him rocketing back.

A good trade for the grenades bouncing past his flying figure. They detonated to saturate the Valkyria with shrapnel, interrupting her pursuit of him. Her shield could not block from every direction, forcing her to weather the damage as Jaune landed a distance away.

Her clothes, anyway. The flecks of metals bounced off her flesh, unable to mar her pristine pale skin beyond little dots of blood that healed over as they occurred. The military uniform enjoyed no such ability and developed great, rending tears.

Selvaria looked down at herself, taking in her state of …well, Jaune wouldn't say dress by this point, more the opposite… then up at him. Her eyes narrowed to slits.

Jaune gave a nervous chuckle, and braced for impact.

"Selvaria!" a voice interrupted them.

Welkin Gunther knelt on the hull of his tank. In his hand, he held a megaphone. Jaune had to wonder what was going on in his head. A tank commander of an abandoned tank should probably be booking it for safety.

"Selvaria!" Welkin repeated, his voice amplified by the device. "Must we fight?"

Jaune glanced down at his lance, and he'd bet anything Selvaria was doing the same, with both of them reaching an answer along the line of 'Uhhhh, yes'.

And on that note…

He rushed in, baiting an attack. The instant her lance moved, he dropped and launched [Third Arm] to zip across the ground, ending up behind Selvaria in a blink. Red Rook swapped for Crocea Mors, and he stabbed the sword with both hands into her back.

Her power deviated from Aura in the small details. The shrapnel from the grenades had come in contact with her flesh rather than the barrier of blue flames surrounding her form. His blade encountered the same, a body durable to an enviable degree yet still yielding in a manner that he wouldn't be with his Aura. With the right amount of force concentrated at a sharpened point, the tip of his sword pierced through.

His reward was a soft grunt, followed by the blade stopping short. Selvaria tilted her head to look over her shoulder with one eye.

"An admirable attempt," she murmured. The inch or so of his sword inside her slowly slid out, pushed by the wound knitting together.

"So unfair…" he whined.

Her shield snapped around, clocking him in the face. He grinned and bear it, not even rocking back, eyes shining within the depths of his helmet. Selvaria pursed her lips.

All the while, Welkin continued on.

"We didn't ask for this war!" he said. "We were happy to live in peace. Happy to trade and learn and live alongside the Federation and the Empire. It couldn't have brought you joy to burn our homes to the ground! I refuse to believe it!"

Selvaria glanced at the lieutenant and scoffed. She twirled, and her lance swept in an overhead arc to hammer down on Jaune.

"Does he think that I am not aware of my actions?" she asked, pulling away then dashing right back in with a stab that he diverted to impale the ground. "I have fought in the name of my prince for half a decade. A great cause demands sacrifices."

She used the stuck lance as leverage, vaulting over it to kick at him with both feet. He thwarted the blow, and Selvaria spun her body around the polearm to return to her previous place, yanking the weapon out of the ground as Jaune advanced on her. Their lances clashed together.

"And I bet the people who cut you up said that same exact line," Tattletale commented.

In Jaune's mind, the pieces clicked into place. He thought Welkin was acting oddly. The words may be Gunther's own, but behind them he sensed the hand of Tattletale. Platitudes to tease out responses for the supervillainess to work with.

"They can never hurt me again," was Selvaria's simple reply.

"That's… interesting. You're absolutely certain of it. Where is that confidence coming from?" Tattletale then answered her own question. "Your prince must have told you that."

"And he would never lie to me."

Tattletale's mocking laughter answered her.

Selvaria's lance suddenly whirled, revving up like a drill to grind against Red Rook and almost ripping the weapon from Jaune's hands. He threw the gunlance in his Pocket, trading for his sword.

Before he could act, the pommel of Selvaria's lance whipped up to clip him under the chin. Jaune saw the sky.

The rifle Ruhm filled his hands as he staggered backward. He needn't aim—Selvaria could only be in front of him. He held the trigger, blasting her at point-blank range until the gun clicked empty, swapping to the shield as he detected her perfume.

Her knee clanged against the hard Rathalos scales in the next moment. A flash of light, and all her forward motion stopped cold. The follow-up hit with her lance lacked the distance it needed, with Jaune shifting his stance to block it at her elbow. He then seized her collars with a now empty hand and swung her over his head to slam her against the road.

His foot stomped on her chest, blasting her with a gout of rocket exhaust. He pressed down as she thrashed about, trying to prolong the attack.

"Incoming," Tattletale warned. He took to the sky.

A tank shell impacted the area to consume it in an explosion, fired from an Edelweiss that turned out to not have been abandoned after all. Lasgun beams poured into the obscuring smoke, hoping to hit Selvaria while she was down.

The tank turret swung its cannon back and forth in a wave to him, a gesture Jaune returned.

The reprieve ended with Selvaria shooting out of the smoke as a blur, and Jaune paled as instead of reengaging him, she raced across the ground on a course for the Gallians supporting him. Plunging from the sky, he intercepted her, summoning his sword and whipping out in a wild swing—

It was a trap.

Tock.

She vanished from his sight. Locks of silvery hair brushed his cheek.

Tock.

Jaune spun toward the sound to find she had pivoted hard in his direction, punching at him with her shield. He received the hit in order to catch her with a stab. The blade whiffed empty air, Selvaria ducking under the blow to sweep out his legs.

Tock.

As she straightened, one of her heels bounced off the cobblestone to kick up high in a vertical split that displayed her long, long legs. It dropped with the deadliness of a guillotine, and Jaune ate dirt, Semblance activating to nullify the impact. He scrambled to get on his feet, tensing for an imminent blow.

In a strange turn, she did not press the advantage. By the time Jaune recovered, he saw why. Selvaria was rampaging among the Gallians.

A casual swipe of her lance blew three soldiers off their feet, throwing them into a wall clear on the other side of the street. A second blow slapped two more out of her way. The Edelweiss sat in her path.

Welkin jumped down to put himself between her and the tank, and the person inside, both arms spread wide and his Aura shining a deep blue. Selvaria's lance speared through the air without a hint of mercy, spinning like a drillhead. A moment before impact, the lieutenant squeezed his eyes shut.

A meowing bundle of ferocious felyne hit Selvaria in the face, pulling hair and scratching at her eyes to distract her for Jaune to move into the gap between Welkin and the lance. The weapon drove into his chest as he reached for the well of energy resting within him. It stuttered, but obeyed, and he was pushed barely a step.

Corporal Rosie slid over the hull of the tank, and shoved the barrel of her machine gun next to Jaune, his shoulder a platform to steady her aim.

"Escha, withdraw," Tattletale ordered, and Jaune had a split second to curse before the corporal fired at close range on Selvaria, each shot booming in his ear. Welkin added to it, drawing his sidearm to shoot by his other ear.

The noise level alone managed to ping his Aura. Jaune had to weather it, contributing by latching onto the lance with both arms to hold Selvaria in place, the rotations of the weapon meeting his gauntlets, metal screeching on metal. She lifted the weapon, and him along with it, whipping around to crush him into the road, her shield coming up to block the soldiers.

"Let go!" she spat.

"Does that ever work?" Jaune spat right back, trying to angle his foot to shoot fire at her. He would have said more, but Tattletale decided to cut in. Her snide tone had lessened, forgotten as she spoke in a rush.

"You don't realize what that prince is doing to you, do you, Selvaria?"

Selvaria paused. She glared at the spot of Jaune's armor behind which the phone hid, at the base of his throat.

Jaune almost felt sorry for her. Tattletale knew the buttons to press to make someone want to listen just a little bit longer. The lance pressed down harder on him.

"It's all there in how you act and talk about him. The classic brainwashed victim behavior."

"Silence!" Selvaria commanded. "You know nothing!"

Behind his helmet, Jaune rolled his eyes.

Oh, yes. That would certainly calm Tattletale down.

"Really?" Tattletale snarled (as expected). "Because I can tell a stupid little girl when I see one. Let's see if this sounds familiar. You were a child, forced to show your amazing abilities on command everyday like a dog by faceless men as they try to harness your powers. Did they want to steal it? Sell it?"

The grip Selvaria had on the handle of her weapon tightened until they creaked.

"Who did they work for? A secret cabal? The government? Some greedy criminal who dreamed of being a bigshot? You had absolute faith that the prince could protect you from them. They worked for the Empire."

Jaune's eyes narrowed in suspicion. "Selvaria… How did you meet the prince? Did he seek you out or the other way around?"

"Preeetty sure she was made on Maxie's order."

The lance rose up, and slammed back down. He hung on like a limpet. Undeterred, Selvaria did it again, and again and again to drive him deeper into the road each time. Bullets and lasers impacted her, ignored as her vision was reduced to her, Jaune, and the annoying voice on the line that just won't shut up.

"He liberated me! Of all the people in the world, it was him to save me, and I, to be saved. Do not befoul his kindness with your lies!"

"How, little girl? Did he storm the compound, sword in hand? Did he march at the head of an army?"

The silence was telling.

"Did he just walk in? What's a prince doing, gallivanting about a lab that experiments on humans? Listen, stupid. The people who know about that kind of place are usually the people involved in it!"

Wisps of blue flames alerted him to another laser beam charging up. He let go of the lance. His rockets activated, and he rammed into Selvaria, pushing them both away from the Gallians. They bounced and rolled along the road, fighting to control where the lance aimed its beam.

In the end, the blast ripped through the empty sky, and Selvaria growled in frustration. Hair disheveled, chest heaving, she laid on the ground, pinned under Jaune. For all her power, she was not so inhuman that she would not tire like the rest of them.

Or maybe it was Tattletale's unrelenting spiel all this while to blame. The safety of the phone allowed the girl free rein to speak, and with great relish did she spin a tale about a plan to deprive a young girl of any sense of happiness to the point that she was little better than an animal, all so that she would latch on to the first person that showed her regard. In her version of the story, Prince Maximilian transformed from a shining knight on a white horse to a mastermind, controlling every piece on the board to dance to his tune. It was his royal authority and coffers to establish the project, and that which cruel researchers obey. On that fateful day, an owner arrived to collect his trained pet.

"Bravo, little girl. Maxie led you by the nose. I'm almost impressed. That prince sure is a master at his game."

That last part was what Selvaria reacted to the most. Had Tattletale belittled the prince as a drooling infant, perhaps it would have been so much easier to dismiss. After all, it clashed hard with her admiration for him. In praising him, Tattletale raised the possibility that someone of his brilliant intellect could conceive of this plan.

"And now he has you killing the old and young, parents and children. Killing people just like you, the Valkyria. Slaughtering those that could have been your family."

That was his limit. Jaune snapped at his phone. "Lisa!"

"What? I'm just telling it how I see it. Because I refuse to blind myself to the truth in front of my eyes like that idiot. Don't say that you pity her, Jaune."

It was really hard not to when Tattletale was going at it with no brakes.

He lost much of that sympathy as Selvaria smacked him with her shield. Slipping out of his grasp, the woman surged past him to rush the others. He grabbed her long hair and yanked her back, an unyielding anchor that won't let her go. At this range, it was better to not hold weapons at all, and with a grip on her hair he pummeled her with a gauntleted fist while she wielded her cumbersome lance and shield.

His foot cut behind her high heel and he checked her with his shoulder, tripping her. She dragged him to the ground.

Skill went out the window, as did any sort of honor. Twice, Selvaria almost managed to stand up. Jaune kicked out her foot both times, then wound a leg around hers, bringing his Semblance to bear to lock it down. His helmet was gone, Selaria wedging her shield under his chin to rip it off. It had opened him up to a pommel strike aimed at his nose that smarted ever since, worsening as he smashed their faces together and Selvaria abandoned dignity to bite him.

Back and forth they went, bucking and throwing one another about. Neither of them could do more than disorient their opponent, hanging on in the hope that the other would run out of steam. From time to time, Escha darted into view to whack Selvaria with her felyne-sized sword, while striving her best to not accidentally do the same to Jaune.

Unerringly, Selvaria would return to a particular spot at the base of his throat, because Tattletale still refused to shut up. Anytime they thought she was done, she would have a little more to say.

"Is he watching you right now? Your big debut. He'll get a report of your pathetic performance, either way."

"He heard about a male Valkyria and immediately wanted to investigate. Maybe he thinks a man would be easier to control."

"Or maybe he just prefers men."

"You're replaceable!"

Selvaria's eyes opened wide, a mirror to his own. That last one had not come from the phone.

Along an empty stretch of the avenue, stood Tattletale. Looking like a girl from a well-to-do family, except for her voluminous militia jacket, she gave a jaunty wave with the hand holding her phone.

A growl emerged from the back of Selvaria's throat. It grew louder as the girl walked toward them, unhurried strides lending the image of a lady on a stroll.

Tattletale then screamed and dove to the side as a laser beam fired in her direction. Jaune got it to go wide, but evidently it was too close for comfort to the skittish girl.

"Jaune?" she asked through the phone, poking her head out of hiding.

"It's under control now." Barely. "No worries."

Reassured, she approached them.

Standing over the struggling pair, she studied them from head to toe. The smug grin she wore somewhat faded as time passed.

"Getting an eyeful of her, aren't cha?"

"Not"—he landed a punch, took a shield's edge to his temple—"the time, Tattletale. Should you really be here?"

She gasped theatrically. "Uh, yeah? I have to give our friend here the good news." She leaned down, hands on her hips, to look at Selvaria. "Hi there!"

Selvaria attempted to break free of his grip. He dropped an elbow on her, and she snapped out with another pommel strike to his nose. He definitely didn't tear up a little.

"Wow, you are just so… grrrr, girl!" Tattlate laughed. "I bet you never show your prince charming that face."

"Mock me now, but I will show you the errors of your ways. You have no means to defeat me that would not risk harm to this man. It is only a matter of time—"

"Until you will get the better of him? I wonder about that. Too bad we will never find out. Like I said, I brought good news." Tattletale squatted to sit on the balls of her feet. She mimed giving Selvaria taps on the nose, keeping a healthy distance to not risk getting hit. "The thing is, the battle is already over. Do you hear that?"

Jaune craned his ear. Now that they were not so concerned with beating the stuffing out of each other, he noticed the sound of a klaxon horn, unfamiliar in pitch. Interspersed within it were gunshots, but they were lacking the desperate rhythm of a two-sided firefight. He chanced a glance behind him.

Past the rubble of the fallen buildings separating them from the larger battlefield, the tip of a flag was waving back and forth. Its blue cloth billowed in the wind, a unicorn emblazoned at the center.

"It's amazing how narrow your view could get on the ground. The Batomys should have broken the city. You were supposed to defeat our Valkyria. Without either, the Imps are retreating." Tattletale grinned. "They're leaving you."

Selvaria could not see the flag, but she recognized the sound of the horn. She had a lost look on her face for a second before it smoothed out.

"As long as I am here, victory is assured." She gave a sudden thrash of her shoulder, attempting to turn the table on Jaune. He strained to hold her.

Tattletale really needed to get on with it, was his opinion.

"True, true. You're a weapon in your rights," Tattletale agreed as she slipped one hand inside her jacket to rummage around. She soon fished out a strip of metal. An innocuous thing, smooth and black, it looked harmless.

Its name sprang from the depths of his mind. He must have read the entry ten times before he took the plunge and bought one like it, way back when.


Inhibitor Collar

Universe: DC

Ancient Americans once said, "Everyone is equal."

Modern Amanda Waller says, "Challenge accepted."

Crafted with mundane yet unexplainable science, this marvel of plot device engineering cuts off access to abilities from a wide variety of sources, including metahumanism, magic, and alien biologies. Sleek, stylish, and trendy, each collar comes outfitted with an electric shock function, gratis.


All for the measly price of ten Points.

"We could just kill her," Jaune offered. Selvaria might even thank them. According to none other than Tattletale herself, the woman placed an inordinate pride on her power as a Valkyria.

Tattletale shook her head. Without another word, she approached, motioning for Jaune to hold his opponent still.

Despite not understanding what the device was, Selvaria sensed from their reaction that it was detrimental to her and she went ballistic, firing a laser then attempting to brain Tattletale with the lance. It took Jaune pulling on his Semblance to keep her from succeeding, with Escha piling on for what little good it did.

Tattletale waited on the sideline for him to reestablish a stalemate, and once she spotted an opportunity, she placed the device at the back of Selvaria's neck. The metal flowed over the pale skin to form a loop around her throat.

The blue aura, the 'flames of Valkyrur' Selvaria so treasured, winked out. Immediately, Jaune fell forward due to the abrupt shift in strength, almost squashing the woman under his frame. Selvaria's lance and shield crashed to the ground, too heavy for her to lift in her position.

She had a second to stare blankly at the sight, then it hit her.

"What have you done?" Selvaria whispered in muted horror. Then, a louder scream. "What did you do!?"

Only then did Tattletale reply to his earlier comment. "Oh, I'm sure there were kinder solutions we could have gone for. I had this whole plan to bluff her about us finding her prince and sending a hit squad to take him out to make her leave the city. But then, you decided to become Mr. Universe all of a sudden and managed to hold out against her." She shrugged. "The plan changed bit by bit after that."

She next moved towards the lance lying on the road.

"Whoof! This is heavy!" Tattletale gave up on lifting the whole thing, and just rotated it nearer to him. "Jaune, touch this for me?"

Getting the idea, he nudged it with a foot while Tattletale fiddled with the Company scroll. The girl studied the screen.

"Ooh, too bad, this is no good for you. The thing's a conduit for her Valkyria power. All the flashy stuff is locked to that."

With a tap, the lance vanished into thin air.

A choked gasp escaped from between Selvaria's lips. She stared at the spot where her weapon used to be, unable to form words.

Her will seemed to snap after the shield went the same way, and she slumped in a boneless heap.

Really, it might have been kinder to kill her.

"You can let her go, now," Tattletale suggested.

"Hah?" was his answer. Next to him, Escha frantically shook her head. Fighting Selvaria had been an experience.

"Let her go. Free her. Release your grips. Deliver her from her hunky shackles." Tattletale gestured at the catatonic woman. "She's not going anywhere in that state."

"...If she rushes for you, I expect you to put our training to use."

Tattletale scrunched her face at the thought of throwing hands. As if she was some sort of caveman.

Rising to his feet, Jaune waited for Selvaria to make a move. Escha scampered to a spot nearby, brandishing her sword.

Yet, the cool, dangerous woman wasn't there anymore. Her eyes have yet to stray from the empty patch of the road, as if willing for her weapon to come back.

"Like I told you, Jaune. I've seen her type before." Tattletale's grin sobered a touch.

"Was all that stuff you said true?" He asked. "The masterplan, beginning to end."

She tilted her head, tapping her chin with a finger. "A good half is guesswork, I suppose. Good guesswork, mind. I'm pretty certain about the prince manipulating her emotions." She sighed. "Honestly, I was hoping to drive a wedge between them that would turn her, but she was a stubborn one. That kind of indoctrination takes time to unwind. A large part of it has to come from the person themselves."

And Selvaria was just too loyal, the prince her world. Easier, to take the opportunity when she was preoccupied to end the battle.

"We could have done it," suggested Jaune. "Or you could, at least."

"You could, you could!" Escha agreed, believing wholeheartedly in the girl.

Tattletale leaned down to gush over Escha. "Aw, thanks for the vote of confidence, sweetie. Maybe you're right, and a seed is definitely planted in her head." Her gaze flicked up to him. "But I also had five artillery pieces trained on this location, and I trust that more. I had options and I just picked the best one available."

Jaune looked from her to the Selvaria that was close to tears, to her again.

She rolled her eyes, and reached up to pat him on the cheek. "She didn't factor into it. The best outcome was the one where you didn't die."

He turned his head. One hand came up to massage the smile away from his face. He shouldn't be that easy.

In the end, Selvaria Bles was an opponent without a simple answer. Had they the strength, they could have done it differently. Lacking that, they did what they could to survive. In fact…

"We have our win, don't we?" he said. "The Imps are routed, the supertank is super gone, and Selvaria is neutralized. The Gallian Army can't ignore Yuell now."

Tattletale gave a nod. "I'm getting Gunther and Landzaat to send out missives within the hour. I expect this place will be fortified to hell and back in the days ahead."

Yuell was safe.

Which meant his time here was coming to a close.

A fake cough interrupted his thoughts. Tattletale had read him like a book, and she gave him a mischievous grin.

"I doubt you're gonna be able to slink off in the night." She pointed behind him.

He faintly detected a rumble beneath his feet. Turning his head, he watched as his allies from Yuell garrison members to Squad 7 soldiers bore down on him, shouting in the triumph and joy of another day won.

A great cry passed from one person to the next, racing throughout all of Yuell. A name for him who brought them victory.

Valkyria.


Author's Notes: Well, shoot. One more, then.

After that, I'm thinking lood omake
Last edited: Oct 8, 2025
Stories:
QQ Sneaking His Way into the Multiverse , a RWBY Jaune, WC-lite mechanics story.
Other RWBY stories on AO3 or FF - Yakuza Arc | Conquered Menagerie: Annals of the Sixth Kingdom | Cat, Bunny, and the Good Ship Honey Starbright | The Agent
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, m213, Amdiranifani and 661 others
LazyAutumnMoon
Oct 4, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 52: A Farewell in June
View content
LazyAutumnMoon
LazyAutumnMoon
We all need Sundancer in our life.
JoinedJun 7, 2024
Messages289
Likes received68,284
Oct 12, 2025
Add bookmark
#3,852
Chapter 52: A Farewell in June​


Night has fallen, but one would not think it. Lit by a thousand lamps, the university plaza resembled noontime, with the entire city of Yuell awake and present. A celebration was in full swing.

At first, the retreat of the Imperials had brought simple cheers. After scouts reported them pulling back from the region rather than just to the forest, that became a burgeoning hope. Then, when the mighty Valkyria of Yuell proclaimed that the Imperial advance had been broken, there arose what seemed like a great, deep sigh of relief to overtake the entire city. Nobody questioned him how he knew, and would never guess that all he did was take a jaunt down a certain alleyway to check for signs of reality beginning to glitch out. They accepted him at his word and called it divine revelation.

The wider war was not yet won, the losses were still to be mourned, but in that moment a crack formed in the wall around the people's hearts. Weeks of crisis had hardened them, nearly shattered them. Having made it through the other side, their emotions swelled in a tide and streamed out as a flood. Relief grew into jubilation, and resulted in a party the likes of which Yuell had never seen.

A big bonfire had been constructed on the university's front lawn as a matter of course because, apparently, it wouldn't be a festival without one around these parts. Propped on wooden posts, strings of lights crisscrossed overhead to further illuminate the grounds. A band, mixed between civilians and soldiers, had scrounged up musical instruments from the performing arts department. Parked right in front of the founder statue, they played a jaunty and upbeat tune, a 'modern' style that people could dance to. Swept up in the music, couples foxtrotted amidst the bomb craters.

Throughout the plaza, long tables were set up and they heaved under the weight of dishes stacked upon their surfaces. The food stores had been broken out with no thoughts given to tomorrow. For the simple fares, victory was a spice beyond compare. Some cried as they ate, with offerings made to those who would no longer share the table with them.

Amidst the festivities, a hooded figure skulked through the crowd. Along the way, he witnessed the smiles and the tears, passing those like little Hans and Greta sitting with their mother, the woman in good cheer but holding onto them as if fearing they would disappear. He walked behind a group of local garrison members, listening to a pessimistic Mica whining as the others ragged on him for spending his time at a party writing in a diary, with him insisting it was a manuscript. Near them, a crowd of young men clamored around a cooking station, raising a commotion about 'Alicia's homemade bread baked with love' or some such nonsense.

The hooded figure gave those men a wide berth. Same with the prostrating worshipers gathered in front of a makeshift shrine, with him flinching as one of them glanced his way. He pulled his hood low and walked faster, hoping that the great number of white-and-red themed clothing would obscure his own poncho.

His journey brought him to a table populated by Squad 7 and Yuell militia. Beer tankards littered its surface, testifying to a few rousing rounds of drinks already. Corporal Rosie and Sergeant Largo appeared to be competing on who can drink the most, with Walter the only local able to match pace. Upon spotting him, all three of them laughed at his manner of approach.

"Jaune, why do you look like a hunted man at your own party?" Walter asked. "Trouble with the missus?"

The drunken lot seemed to think that was quite a hoot, laughing harder.

"Yeah, yeah," Jaune grumbled, swiping a beer mug and sitting down. He downed a gulp before continuing, "I was hiding because it's getting too much. I couldn't go three steps without getting mobbed. People kept getting on their knees for me—"

Walter lowered the pair of shades he was wearing, cocking an eyebrow. Jaune smacked a hand to his own face.

"Not like that," he said into his palm. "It was the 'forehead to the ground, we're not worthy' sort. I think I started a religion." Judging from the looks these guys were now giving him, he most certainly did. "Everywhere I go, they're asking me for blessings and words of wisdom."

"Did you say anything?"

"Build a better wall." It had been the first thing to pop into his head. "Last I heard, they were chasing down the Militia engineers to press-gang them into helping."

"So that's where Karl disappeared to," muttered Rosie. "Poor bastard."

Jaune nodded, taking another sip of his drink. "People are being a teeny-tiny bit too zealous about this, so I figured it'd be easier on everybody if I keep a low profile." He eyed Rosie enviously as she ate from her plate. "How nice…"

The corporal hunched over the plate, covering it with a hand.

"Get your own, kid," she said through a mouthful of potatoes.

If only. With so many gathered over that way, he had to miss the food lines lest they recognize and swarm him again. His stomach growled at the sight of the others at the table relishing their meal.

Clack.

Jaune looked at the plate in front of him piled high with a little of everything, then turned his head to look up at the person who had put it there. Magari, the girl he often encountered working at the food distribution center, stood beside his chair, fidgeting from one foot to the other as she worried a finger around a lock of her dark hair.

"Is this for me?" he asked.

She nodded, her face flushing as their eyes met.

Jaune brightened. "Sweet. Thanks a lot!"

He grabbed a loaf of bread (crisp crust, almonds, baked with the patented Alicia love) and tore off a bite with his teeth, humming in happiness at the taste of warm, buttery goodness.

A little smile grew on Magari's face. Seeming emboldened, she rummaged inside a pouch she was carrying before bringing out an object that she also offered to him. It was a strip of cloth with beaded strings at either ends, and Jaune peered with interest at the distinctive pattern stitched into the fabric. The people at the table didn't bother to show any tact, crowding in for a better look.

"Reminds me of those charms the Darcsen like to wear," Walter said.

"Charm… like a good luck charm?" Jaune asked the girl, glancing at the hair ties she wore bearing the same pattern. Again, Magari nodded quickly at that.

Rosie scoffed. "It's just gonna give you bad luck—" She was interrupted by an elbow to her ribs courtesy of Largo, and turned away to drink her beer with a sour look as she noticed Jaune frowning hard at her.

If Magari took offense to the comment, the girl didn't let it show. She was more preoccupied with teaching Jaune how to tie the charm around his wrist as a bracelet.

"Really, thanks for this," Jaune said afterward.

He then looked down at his arm again, because Magari hadn't let go of his hand. There was a certain cast to her expression, terror warring with resolve. Just as he went to ask her what was wrong, she made her move. Magari swooped in, and planted a kiss on his cheek.

It lasted no more than a few seconds. Time enough to ensure the sensation of her warm, soft lips lingered in his memories. Then, she pulled away, and he had a fleeting glance of a bright red face and a beaming smile before Magari was racing off as fast as she could go. His eyes trailed after her, mouth parted in surprise, until she vanished among the crowd. In the background, Walter, Largo, plus the rest of their merry band were hooting and hollering, resembling nothing so much as a frenzied band of monkeys.

"…I still haven't gotten a single word out of her," he finally said.

"Shy types are the best," Walter said sagely as he slapped Jaune on the back. "I guess she heard about you setting out and wanted you to have something to remember her by." The man paused there, and coughed. "Which reminds me. I have a gift for you, too."

That broke Jaune out of his happy mood. "I'd rather not receive a kiss from you, thanks."

"You're dreaming if you think you're getting some of this," Walter snarked in turn. The man kicked back on his chair to reach for the next table over, swiping a bundle there and throwing it at Jaune.

He caught it and peered at the bundle with a curious eye, running a finger over the hardy fabric. Unfurling the thing revealed a Yuell militia field jacket, Gallian-blue. Less complicated than the ones worn by Squad 7, the jacket sported a unicorn's head emblem over the left breast as its sole decoration. He took it in for a moment before looking at Walter, feeling a lump rise in his throat. The man affected a nonchalant shrug, but could not quite hide the embarrassment on his face.

"Me and everybody got together and agreed that you should have one." Walter motioned to the others from the garrison. "We… Well, we know you have your colors, but you're one of us, so… yeah."

Jaune barked a laugh. He didn't correct the mistaken sentiment. Red and white were only his colors due to the people standing before him. Somewhere along the way, the Panacea poncho had become a symbol in their eyes. Who knows, he might look good in blue.

Off went the poncho, and he donned the jacket to whistles and applause. Rosie mentioned that civilians tend to find a uniform dashing, leading to many crying out in jest for Magari, wherever she was, to come back and give her opinion. That was soon forgotten as Jaune decided on the present he would give them, sweeping a hand over the table to deposit on it a cache of Spirytus and 'oolong tea', and the drinking games began to a roaring cheer. They will remember his sendoff as the party of the decade, or they won't remember it at all.

Once it got too crazy, he moved off to a nearby table to find a bit of peace. That was the plan, anyway.

Blank, gray eyes stared at him, and he stared back.

"Soooo…" He indicated with the hand holding his beer mug. "What the heck is that thing?"

That thing being the small pig that Marina Wulfstan was hugging in her arms. It wore a bell on a ribbon around its neck, meaning it was probably a pet. Fine and good, his neighbor back home had one. The part he had difficulty understanding was the pair of bird wings sprouting from its back.

"This is Hans, Private Third Class of Squad 7," Marina answered softly.

The questions just kept adding up.

"It has a rank?"

Marina nodded with a dead serious expression, leaving Jaune to rub his temples in the hope it would alleviate the budding headache. He turned to Escha, who was squatting on the table and munching on fried potatoes from a plate that Marina must have gotten for her. The felyne noticed his look, and she shrugged her little shoulders before going back to her meal. Of course the one that lived in a world with giant pickle-shape dinosaurs wouldn't see anything odd.

"Okay, cool. Cool means great. Anyway, you know what, I'm not going to even ask."

After all, he was the weird one around these parts. Ask somebody the chances of a person with nigh magical powers coming out of nowhere to take on the title of a mythical figure as he lends help to a city garrison outnumbered a hundred-to-one in beating back an invasion, and they would say it'd happen when pigs fly. A 100% certainty in Yuell, on both counts.

Marina took his response in stride. With a cute creature in her lap and another snuggling against her arm on the table, she appeared in a state of bliss. Jaune stayed to chat with her for a while, and they made a game of tossing morsels of food to Hans the winged pig—a porcavian, was the species name. It must look odd from the outside. Marina tended to reply with grunts and hums, sometimes one-word answers, so their talking was really more him yammering on and on to himself, with her chiming in on a rare occasion.

That changed as the subject pivoted to the future. Though she had known he was leaving, he hadn't realized that she would be doing the same.

"Squad 7?" he asked.

"Mm. Their commander saw me in the last battle. Wanted me to enlist."

"Your skill with a rifle is pretty impressive," said Jaune. "Still, I'm surprised you're taking him up on the request. I thought you wanted to head back to your cabin in the woods." It had been one of the things he managed to learn from their conversations (if it could be called that) during the late night hours they spent atop the belltower. He glanced down to her lap. "It's not because of their fluffy animal mascot, is it?"

"...No."

He observed her closely. There was the slightest curl to the corner of her lips. Marina had told a joke.

What a strange day.

"My team has an adorable cat," Jaune reminded her, hinting hard. Hearing him, Escha proved the point by making her eyes go wide and round, purring at Marina.

The young woman snorted. She reached out to scratch the felyne under the chin. Most people seemed to have dismissed the sight of the cat wielding weapons as a fever dream, refusing to speak of it lest those who were not at the battle think them insane. Marina was among the rare few. She simply didn't care—cute was cute.

"Where will you go?" she asked in reply, sounding a touch too disinterested for it to be genuine apathy.

"Oh, you know, here and there. My work is like that."

"Far?"

Jaune nodded. "Yes."

"Past the continent?" She judged his reaction. "Past the sea?"

"Maybe further."

"Good luck," said Marina. She frowned as she petted the winged pig. "I can't leave. My work is here until the war is over."

"I guess it is a little difficult to enjoy the quiet life with the Imps running around."

Marina shot him a soft glare. "Not really. It's just, I know I'm no good with people, but I still…" She cast a lingering look across the university grounds, then gave a huff and waved him off. "Whatever. You get what I mean."

She still wanted to be a part of it. Still cared, despite her lonely nature. In her own way, Marina loved Gallia.

With nothing left for them to say on the matter, the two of them let the conversation fade away. It would, perhaps, be the last chance for them to experience a moment like this, and so for a time, they took joy from the silence surrounding their little corner of the world. Unlike their first meeting, which began with a bullet and the cacophony of war, their parting went without a sound.

The night carried on, and Jaune traced a winding course through the revelries. He ended up in the company of Welkin Gunther and, as it tended to happen, the two men's talks turned to the subject of women. One, in particular.

Selvaria Bles, the Valkyria. A conundrum in need of a solution, she was currently held captive and under a heavy guard presence. With a medic on standby, in case of… well, just in case.

"What do you think should happen, if I may ask?" said the lieutenant.

Jaune blinked once, twice. "Wasn't the plan that she'll go in front of a tribunal? Something, something, formal recognition of the crimes the Empire committed in invading Gallia?"

Sue him, Tattletale was the main person participating in that conversation.

"Let's see…" Jaune listed out on his hand, "She invaded your kingdom. She invaded this city. She's an enemy." He looked at Welkin. "Yup, Selvaria should answer for her actions."

Welkin weakly chuckled, and rubbed the back of his head. "You heard what Faldio said about General Damon. He will be the ranking officer arriving here, which makes him the one to take custody of Selvaria. It's possible he would execute her after extracting all the information she knows."

Or pass her off to those that would experiment on her in an attempt to unlock the powers of a Valkyria. Or worse things. Faldio Landzaat had not pulled his punches when he outlined the many likely scenarios.

The lieutenant studied his cup with an uncomfortable look on his face. Despite the bar snacks on the table, the man had opted for a glass of milk instead of alcohol and Jaune joined him so as to give his liver a reprieve.

"Everything that lives wants to survive, even her," Welkin said, seeming to himself. "Deserves to? That's harder to judge, but… I think death shouldn't be such an easy thing. Penance is making up for your actions, and dying won't do that."

However, it was final. It solved the problem. Selvaria had been willing to destroy Yuell, and that power may yet remain in her grasp. All it took would be a broken choker and another set of weaponry capable of channeling her Valkyria abilities.

She was docile now, because she was weak now. Put her in a position of strength again, and watch heads roll.

Welkin smiled grimly when Jaune raised that point.

"Have you considered Faldio's proposal?" the lieutenant asked.

"What, the one with me as her jailer?"

It had been a suggestion raised in a joking tone while not at all being a joke. They had ways to defend against the requisition of the lasguns and the people with Aura should the Army demand it, rights and protections afforded to Gallian citizens, their property, and so on that even nobles had to finesse their way around. An enemy combatant was a different story, and Faldio believed that Damon could not be trusted with the power of a Valkyria. The general was apt to use it for a coup rather than for the benefit of Gallia; he had a thirst for ambition and was weak to temptation.

The solution, as Faldio suggested, was an uncomplicated one. There was a single individual in this world with the strength to keep Selvaria in line should the choker fail. This person has no intentions to cause trouble for Gallia because they already stated their intention to leave, and existed outside the chain of command in a way that put him above instead of below it.

Ruefully, Jaune shook his head. "I'm not risking her murdering my companions in their sleep. The Aura you now have"—he flicked the other man, causing him to glow a deep green—"isn't invincible. There are workarounds, and she has the motive to pursue them."

He could try throwing her into a new world the moment they returned to the apartment, but considering her unwell state of mind, all that amounted to was an execution with extra steps. The point, as Welkin mentioned, was penance for her crimes. Justice, and what she deserved.

Perhaps a life, at the end of this.

Jaune mulled on that. Something was niggling at him, related to the sentiment.

Tickticktick. A light bulb flickered on in his head.

"Hey," Jaune began, and Welkin leaned in to listen, "we've been going on and on about who has control of Selvaria, who is stronger than her, but that might have been the wrong way to look at the issue."

Welkin nodded along, unsure of where it was leading. Jaune's gaze sharpened, and he clapped the lieutenant on the shoulder.

"We should have thought about who among us held the most empathy for Selvaria. That's the kind of person that could get through to her." It clicked into place for Welkin. Too late, Jaune tightened his grip on him. "You're clearly the best man for the job."

A person who agonized over how to stop Selvaria from being used as a weapon would, in Jaune's opinion, hesitate to abuse her powers. His concern with ensuring she faced justice would, obviously, stop Welkin from ending her life outright. Finally, that he has already aided in formulating a plan to smuggle her out from under Damon's nose would, and this was important, meant he was willing to ignore the pesky legalities involved with the act.

The only thing Welkin lacked was the ability to match Selvaria in combat.

"Except, without the lance she isn't bulletproof," Welkin mused. "There are ways to bring her down in the worst case scenario."

That was easy.

"Take the night to think on it," Jaune advised. "Have a drink. Enjoy the party." His expression turned sly. "Spend time with a girl."

"What do you mean—"

"Welkin!" called out a voice just before Welkin Gunther found himself pulled to his feet.

"Alicia?" the young man stuttered.

The person in question, who Jaune supposed must be the baker extraordinaire of Squad 7, showed Gunther a bright smile.

"What are you doing, hiding over here? Come on, let's go dance!"

The lieutenant put up a protest, halfhearted at best, and allowed his fellow soldier to drag him along. He threw Jaune a salute over his shoulder, and their voices soon became lost in the general din of the festivities. Thus, Jaune was left alone to nurse his drink… while looking at the other person at the table, who had been hiding behind Welkin Gunther's frame up until now. Instead of addressing her right away, he gave it a minute to really let her stew. Then, he spoke.

"You've been rather quiet, Isara." He sipped from his glass of milk. It lacked the gravitas of a wine glass, but he made do by being twice as dramatic with his tone. "I was hoping to talk to you."

Partly raised from her seat, Isara Gunther froze in her tracks. With her attempt to escape thwarted, the panicky girl looked left and right in search of aid. Finding none, she changed tack.

"I-I don't know what you could mean…" Isara clasped her hands behind her back, the very picture of innocence.

Jaune took another sip of his drink. The thin smile on his face was threatening to break into full-on laughter, and it was an ongoing struggle to maintain the serious mood.

"Bahahahaha!"

Nevermind, he failed entirely.

As she struck upon the realization that he had been messing with her, Isara underwent a shift from scared to displeased. She crossed her arms, and pouted.

"Why do you always make fun of me?" she asked, stomping a foot.

"Because you make it too easy," he replied. Wiping a tear from the corner of his eye, he motioned for her to sit down. She was suspicious, but did as he bade. A nudge, and the bowl of shelled peanuts on the table slid over to her side. Isara took a few then passed it back. She nibbled on the snack one by one as she watched him.

"You… said you wanted to talk," she stated uncertainly. "So, um, you aren't mad at me?"

"That you awakened other people's Aura? No." His answer caused her to slump over in relief. Jaune leaned forward in his chair, gaining her attention again. "I am, however, curious to know how you did it. I don't remember ever telling you that was possible, little miss."

Here, her expression turned impish. "But you did show me."

Understanding shortly dawned for Jaune. The proof was there from the beginning. If he could do it for her, then of course she would entertain the possibility that she could for others too.

"Was that all it took?" he wondered aloud.

Isara nodded. "Mostly. After you told me that 'Aura' can block bullets, I had to try giving it to Welks. It didn't work at first." She squinted her eyes at him. "Did that poem do anything? I spent an hour thinking I had gotten the words wrong because nothing was happening."

"Uh, yeah? The chant is critical, thank you very much." His eyes darted to the side. "It has to be a problem on your end."

"I don't believe you."

He raised a finger, wagging it before her face. "I'm not lying. It is very important, depending on how you look at it."

From the look of Isara, he had confirmed something for her. The girl lost her cheeky demeanor to appear almost at peace.

"I could have recited the recipe for a stew, and it would have worked," she ventured a guess, studying him for his response.

He cracked a grin.

The words themselves may change. The sound of one's voice was a superfluous detail. The chant was intertwined with the process at a level so basic, so simple, that one could miss it entirely.

Emboldened, Isara continued. "When I succeeded, I was thinking of Welkin."

And there it was.

Words were constructs. Artificial, in a way.

Aura came from a more honest place. One had to think of the other person. To be willing to give their soul to them. The chant helped to shape these intentions, able to be mangled to hell and back so long as the feelings beneath remained true. For the sake of her brother, that was all too easy for Isara to do.

A stew recipe could function as a chant, if it was one that a person cooked for their precious family. In the same manner, to 'really really want to' was a perfectly good answer. The Nora method, Jaune liked to call it.

"You astound me, Isara Gunther," he said, and it was the truth.

A tinge of color crept up her neck. Isara held her cheeks in her hands, squirming at the praise.

"Once I figured it out, it was easy to repeat the process," she explained in a quieter tone.

"You wouldn't have had much time. We mustered for battle less than a day later. Did you rest at all?"

"A few times, when I became too tired. Giving someone Aura takes a part of yours, doesn't it? Like a sort of fuel injection to ignite the process?"

Jaune pinched his fingers together. "A little bit. It comes back."

"You must have a lot. I nearly passed out, and even during the battle I still wasn't feeling right…"

"Yeah, you went overboard. Saved a lot of lives, though. Good job on that."

The pretty blush had barely faded when it made its return. Isara laughed, and leaned closer to peer up at him from beneath her eyelashes.

"Does that mean I can keep going, then?" she asked, mischievously.

He spread his hands. "It's your soul. Do whatever you like."

"Good," she replied with a nod. "Because the rest of Squad 7 needs their Aura. I'm going to make sure every single one of us is going home after this war."

Which was why even if he could stop her, he never would. She understood Aura's purpose—a shield to protect one's companions.

He spent almost an hour there by her side. As the celebrations continued into the night, the two of them were content to hover on the periphery. They spoke of paper airplanes.

In the end, it was her who brought up the matter first.

"I heard from Welks that you aren't staying in Gallia," said Isara. "That… That's going to affect the war."

Jaune heaved a sigh. His hand came up to run through his hair, tousling it in his frustration. "I know, and it doesn't feel right to just leave things halfway. This is out of my hand, though. It's a case of having to, rather than wanting to."

"It must be hard to be a Valkyria."

Was that how she interpreted it? He supposed it was as good an explanation as any. True, in a sense.

"Can you do me a favor?" he asked.

Isara blinked her eyes, before quickly agreeing. "Anything!"

He waved a hand at their surroundings.

"When they ask, tell them that I'm out there, somewhere, fighting on for Gallia. It'd keep up morale."

The request was easy enough and she saw the point to it, assuring him it would be done. But as he rose from his seat, Isara hopped to her feet and stopped him.

"What if—!" She lowered her voice to a more controlled volume. "What if I- everybody said we wanted you to stay in Yuell?"

"Were that I could," was his answer accompanied by a shrug, and in that, the girl read no lie. Nodding her head, she made her move.

Isara swooped in close, and like a different dark-haired girl tonight, she kissed him on the cheek.

"Magari had the right idea," she said afterward. "Now there's two reasons for you to come back. On that day, I hope that together you and I can see the true blue sky."

Laughing sweetly, Isara Gunther turned away from him and skipped off into the crowd in the direction of Welkin and Alicia. Jaune watched her go, a hand on his cheek. There went another dreaming fool, and another 'could have been'.

After that, he drifted from place to place, throwing himself into the festivities to draw out every last second he had left in this world to the fullest. The music had changed to some kind of traditional folk dance and he joined that for a while, learning the movements on the fly. Then it was roasting sweet potatoes by the bonfire, and a game of football that had dozens of players on each side jumping in and out as it suited them. It was right as he took leave from the match that he found Tattletale.

The little island she had staked out amidst this sea of revelries was piled high with assorted knick-knacks of all stripes. A family of three had just finished dropping a basket of textile onto the table when he approached, cluing him in that these were gifts. Offerings, if he was being honest. He really did start a religion.

Oddly, Tattletale seemed less than happy with this bountiful harvest.

"Why so glum, Lisa?" he asked as he sat down.

Tattletale drummed her fingers on the table, glaring at the pile of gifts. "I've been waiting for something worthwhile, but it's all junk."

"I see a gold necklace over there."

"Yeah. Junk," Tattletale repeated. "What's so special about gold? The ragnite next to it would sell for better."

"Oh, relax. We made a pretty tidy sum from the Empire." Artillery pieces, tanks, the Batomys. Selvaria's used weapons sold for a surprising amount. Even with his numerous outlays, the Points balance ended up at almost quadruple what it was on their first day here.

"We earned those ourselves," Tattletale retorted. "The locals barely played a part. We spent weeks here and the best they can manage for our time is, ugh, that." She waved a dismissive hand at the small mountain on the table.

He resisted the urge to roll his eyes. They made bank and she still found a reason to complain.

"Well, if you don't want it…" He reached for the golden necklace.

Tattletale smacked his hand and snatched away the accessory. "This is mine. Get your own."

Yup, that tracked for a sticky-fingered thief. He huffed in amusement, and helped her put it on. Gaudy and pretentious, it suited her to a tee.

As he was connecting the clasp, Tattletale muttered, "We should confiscate the weapons you handed out."

He spared a moment's thought on it, though in truth his mind was set.

"Nah, they need it more than we do. The guns would sell for a fraction of their cost, so it's not worth the bother."

"Not what I meant, Jaune. Leaving that sort of tech in their possession is a bad idea. At some point, people will figure out the mechanics, and—"

"They'll arm themselves with it, yeah. You've mentioned before. But, you know…" He leaned over her shoulder to meet her eyes. "Bullets or lasers, what does it change, Lisa? A better way to wage war? They were already well on their way. It'd come out a wash in the end. Do you expect me to take back Aura, too?"

"Don't even, mister. You really made a mess of it there. Without those Grimm creatures as a counterbalance, it's a guarantee that everyone on the planet would have Aura someday."

"Then it'd take ten times the effort and ten times the cost to win a battle. Wars might end up so boring that people give up on them."

"Yeeeah, that's not how it works."

Jaune's reply was a lazy smile and a shrug of his shoulders.

In what felt like a lifetime ago, Corvo Attano had warned them against the spread of Aura. The consequences of such a power in a world that had not seen its kind would shake the foundation of kingdoms.

Yet, lives were saved by what he had done. The Yuell garrison and Squad 7 counted among the faces in this crowd that in another life would be absent, dead at the hands of Selvaria Bles. In the same vein, he liked to think that his actions would prove a boon over the course of time. Aura was not born in man for the sake of war. Way back in the depths of Remnant history, it manifested in their direst hour to protect them from harm, or so the story went.

Why else would it shine so bright? Little lights in the dark, Aura was meant to give hope.

"They'll do just fine, Lisa. If there is anything that this city has shown me, it's that we can trust people."

Could he have made a mistake? Sure.

He had been too weak, that was the long and short of it. A single person stood no chance of turning the tide. Banding together with the defenders of Yuell, he had scraped by, but it still was not enough. Defeat remained ever a step away with a siege that dragged on for days on end. To break the balance had required greater measures, and he used what came to hand, going for broke to win it back.

Perhaps a hundred years from now a war would come about, filled with lasguns and Semblances on both sides. Perhaps it would all end in tears.

But that was a worry for another time. Tonight was a victory. Tomorrow, a new day.

Yuell would live to see the morning, and that was the best someone like him could do. He's got a long way to go.

"Hey, so, I was thinking," Jaune began, changing the subject, "one of the hotels stayed intact, and the owner offered me the penthouse suite for the night. You want to see what it's all about?"

Tattletale looked like she had a lot more to say. Ultimately, she relented, taking note of his restless energy and seeming to read from it something quite flattering about herself (which was also something quite wrong). A teasing glance, and she tapped her chin as if in thought.

"Hmmm. I guess I can be convinced—wait just a darn minute!"

"What?" Jaune asked, taken aback.

"Didn't you put a bunch of your adventurer skill points into improving your Vitality attribute?"

"Yes, I did."

"As in, your endurance?"

"In basic terms, I suppose."

"Huh."

Tattletale looked down at her wine glass sitting on the table. She had hardly touched it. Lifting up the drink, she drained it to the last drop, and slammed the empty glass on the table surface.

"Alright. Cool." A familiar grin, bold and confident, appeared on her face. "That's no problem, I got this."

She did not, in fact, got this.

Universe: Valkyria Chronicles. Location: Yuell.
Event: Imperial Advance.
Loot: Ruhm (machine rifle), Gallian lance (Lancaar model), conventional ammunition, gunlance shells, ragnite crystals, ragnite fuel (1 barrel), ragnaid (4 boxes), Gallian beer, bread (1 basket, made with love), assorted valuables and goods, an Edelweiss flower.

Point balance: 65,745​

Author's Notes: Valkyria Chronicles, my beloved. Fare thee well.
Last edited: Oct 14, 2025
Stories:
QQ Sneaking His Way into the Multiverse , a RWBY Jaune, WC-lite mechanics story.
Other RWBY stories on AO3 or FF - Yakuza Arc | Conquered Menagerie: Annals of the Sixth Kingdom | Cat, Bunny, and the Good Ship Honey Starbright | The Agent
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, m213, Amdiranifani and 682 others
LazyAutumnMoon
Oct 12, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 53: The World is Not Beautiful
View content
LazyAutumnMoon
LazyAutumnMoon
We all need Sundancer in our life.
JoinedJun 7, 2024
Messages289
Likes received68,284
Oct 25, 2025
Add bookmark
#4,102
Chapter 53: The World is Not Beautiful​


On a morning not long after getting back from Yuell, Jaune returned to his daily routine. Goodbyes were a constant of his life nowadays, and wallowing in memories and what-ifs would do him no good.

Someday they will meet again. He would believe in that. In the meantime, the center of the apartment had been cleared out, as it often did, for the sake of training. For the gains.

Here, however, he encountered a problem.

"Do you think you can add any more?"

"Jaune, you have half the kitchen and a couch on your back."

An exaggerated, but true enough summation for the precarious tower of knickknacks stacked atop him. His gunlance was tucked in there with the tip jabbing into his rear in a painful way, and a potted plant balanced on his head. With both hands placed on the ground, Jaune tried to do another push-up and found it all too easy—which was awful, because easy was quite the opposite of how a training session should go.

"Yes, well, I need heavier weights," he grumbled. "Hop on my back, Lisa."

"Excuse the fuck you?"

Jaune mentally played back what he said, and winced. "I meant hopping on my back along with the other objects. If we keep adding to the pile, I can maybe get something out of it."

He had not considered before today the consequence of improving himself through unnatural methods—unlike with Aura, which was totally normal, thank you Lisa. The surge of power gained from the adventurer card boosted his physical prowess beyond what months, if not years, could do for him. How it worked when his muscle mass remained the same was a mystery. His body might block a speeding car with barely a flinch in his current state, yet it lacked the hard and unyielding quality that a person capable of that feat should enjoy. Magic, he concluded in the end.

The big, glaring problem was that those stat points seemed to lay at a sort of halfway point between being a part of his body and a part of his soul. Despite experiencing no changes to his physique, he now drew out so little benefit from his usual practice regimen that it became an exercise in futility. The drills failed to develop his muscles, failed to strain and tear and build them back up into something better. The Nikos's Endless Training Hell ought to feel grueling. Instead, it was an easy walk in the park. He did not think he would ever miss the sense of sheer exhaustion that one got after hours and hours of swinging a sword at empty air, but it sure beat flailing around without results.

"Training at this level is moot," he finally admitted. Such a shame, because if he had gotten stronger naturally, then he suspected it might turn out to be a case where the boosts worked off of those parameters. "I need better equipment, the kind of stuff that Beacon would have."

Coco Adel was not born with gorilla arms, after all. The academy understood what it took to churn out stronger graduates, and breaking through one's limits in its gym just meant adding another hundred pounds to one of the reinforced barbells that qualified a legendary weapon in its own rights, forged by master smiths and whatnot.

"I'll put it on the shopping list," Tattletale idly commented, a hand on her hip.

The stuff on his back vanished for the most part, letting him get up without causing a cascading din of falling objects.

"We could buy it now, from the Marketplace," he said as he walked around, summoning the items back to their proper places.

His suggestion was met with a cute pout. "Mundane things like that can be found anywhere, so no. I'm not wasting Points on it. Wait until we pass by a modern world, and pick it up there. For now, why not dial it back?" She smiled, and it was almost kind. "Relax."

"Lisa…" His voice shook with fond emotions. And then it died. "So when are you going to start on your practice? You don't have my excuse."

Oh, she could. Her levels were low, but she had a bit of savings to spare. Except, she insisted that unlike him she would be 'efficient' and put it all in intelligence to maximize her job advantage aaand he tuned her out after that. One could only withstand a certain amount of smugness before needing a break.

It worked out better this way, anyhow. Her lacking stamina, strength, speed… everything… meant she had an easier time achieving improvements.

The smile on Lisa's face turned decidedly nervous.

"Soon." She averted her eyes, feigning interest in the blank wall.

Jaune remained adamant. "Yeah, no. Get to it. Make the Meowscular Chef proud."

In this matter he reigned supreme, and even had past-Lisa's word on putting in effort, which she was likely regretting today. The girl shuffled over to the spot next to him, grumbling all the while.

"Escha isn't doing this," she whined, making fists with her hands and putting up a guard. Jaune stepped in to fix her form, then stepped back to observe.

"She is taking care of the garden," he refuted, and sent a glance over to the small field of jars and pots set next to the window.

The felyne hadn't appreciated how long her plants and bugs went unattended, and if a cat could look reproachful at him, she did—it was adorable. The good news was that the hardy specimens lived through their extended absence, and were in recoverable states, beside. In fact, a day or two should see them harvested to be turned into tools, medicine, and the like.

Jaune continued. "In any case, Escha can already protect herself and keep pace with me if we have to escape from a threat. You can't. Come on, Lisa, who knows when we will run into a Selvaria or Accelerator?"

"There's a lesson you can learn there," Lisa replied, sounding a tad snide. "Keep out of their way and we wouldn't have that problem. Stop hanging around for the danger to find you, while you're at it."

"You're breaking form." He moved in to fix her stance, ignoring the sullen glower. As he did, he kept talking. "You say that, but sometimes there's a good reason to stay."

She scoffed, and threw an angry punch that overextended. He caught her to prevent her from stumbling.

"Don't get in that habit. You're not nearly buff enough to be the berserker type," he admonished, letting go. After observing her next few punches and finding them satisfactory, he nodded in approval, soon returning to the subject at hand. "The reason might be a small thing. 'I don't want this person to die'. 'I hate that guy'. Whatever works. You should know, you stuck with Yuell from beginning to end."

He didn't set out to become a Huntsman so he could run away from people in need. Time and again the many worlds proved to him that somebody had to stand at the center, and hold the line. A spearhead, that others may form the wings. In this manner, a siege was won.

The places he went to did not always have a person like that.

Lisa frowned. "Don't do that."

"What?" he asked.

"Expect things of me." She scrunched her nose. "You're building an entirely wrong image of how we should operate. We aren't a band of heroic capes here to save the day."

She tried to shove him for emphasis. He blocked it with a casual ease that pissed her off even more, and positioned the hand to where it was supposed to go.

"You're breaking form."

"Uuugh, you are so annoying!" Lisa complained. That said, she heeded the instruction.

"Training is important," he said with a dull inflection, the phrase borrowed from many a night of Pyrrha telling him the exact same thing.

Lisa continued speaking between punches. "Being subtle isn't a bad thing. Stand outside the limelight, and you might be able to solve a problem without anybody realizing until it's too late to stop you."

"I mean, I get that."

"Do you?" she accused. "Then why don't you follow that?"

This time was his turn to avert his gaze.

A little smirk took its place on her lips, and Lisa began to put visible effort in the practice drill. Winning always did put her in a good mood, as petty a victory as this was.

The training session continued on, with Jaune serving as the coach for Lisa on her path to becoming a champion fighter. The girl might not have realized it, but she had grown head and shoulders above the wimpy maiden she used to be and can in all likelihood beat a man twice her size into a pulp... Even if the fight Jaune envisioned would end up a lot messier due to her relatively poor techniques. Lisa just wasn't interested in the brutish, sweaty affairs of physical combat.

Probably because she had seen the monster laying in wait out there, and intended to never again stand across from one if she could help it.

And that was the rub, wasn't it? Where, oh where, were they going to set their new base to avoid those types? The Points they accumulated have at last put the next phase on the table. A part of Jaune still found it hard to believe that they managed to come this far.

"Someplace easy," was Lisa's choice.

Jaune rather disagreed on that, and said so. "Skipping that step and buying access to a higher rating world would give us better returns."

Yes, he picked up that terminology from Lisa. She enjoyed talks of revenues and profits.

"Faster, you mean," Lisa corrected. "Only thinking of what you can earn is how people lose their fortune speculating in the stock market. Repeat after me." She puffed up with a pretentious air. "Contingencies. Save. Lives." Then, she pointed at herself. "My life, to be exact. Ergo—"

"Well, well. Don't you sound all smart."

"Ergo, we are going to stick to my plan and proceed with caution. Take our time, explore our options. It doesn't matter how fast you go in a race if you can't reach the finish line."

"That… sounds good to me," Jaune admitted. The wish to hurry things along had been an idle one, borne of a small, nagging sense of worry that he was starting to forget something important. It most likely meant nothing, paranoia at its best. "Pick wisely, and I suppose the world will pay for itself in a few weeks."

Lisa gasped. "Look at you, being all reasonable! Oh, you are learning, aren't you?" She scratched him under the chin as she would a puppy, snatching the hand back as Jaune mimed biting her, sharing a laugh. "I'll grant you that a Rating 0 world won't make complete sense with how we are now. That's why I would like to get a better idea of the scope to each rating before we commit. I want a safe place, but not too safe since those never have interesting stuff we can sell lying around."

"Good fashion, though," Jaune said, thinking of Okinawa.

"Point. Hmmm, what to do?" Lisa pondered. "What to do?"

What else?

Journey on, and loot.


-o-​


The cafe rested on a road that saw very little traffic, lined by buildings on either side. The stone facades were well cared for, though worn by age; the buildings have stood here for a long time.

The owner of the store, a rotund woman of middling years, had set tables outside for customers. Few were occupied on this calm, quiet early afternoon. Just a dandy old gentleman at one, and a pair of blonds at another. The clinking of porcelain on porcelain provided the only sound for the past few minutes.

With a contented sigh, Lisa put the delicate cup of latte down. She made sure to catch his eyes, smirking at the empty spot in front of him. Jaune was still waiting for his drink to arrive.

Did it make sense that they placed the same order at the same time, and his was currently taking twice as long? No, and he was a tad miffed about it, more so when Lisa kept slurping her coffee with exaggerated relish.

That attitude did an about-face when the waiter, a teenager about their age, returned from within the cafe to place a second cup on the table.

"Here you are," said the waiter with pride.

"...Whoa."

Jaune looked at his coffee, and a small cat stared back. Made of milk foam, the figure had two little paws hooked on the rim and a smiling face drawn with drizzles of chocolate syrup, the curved handle of the cup incorporated into the art to form the tail. Sprinkles of cinnamon lent the impression that the cat had just come back from rolling around outside, happy and energetic.

The confectionery in a cup very much reminded him of Escha, and he briefly wondered whether she would be elated to see something so cute or horrified at the sight of a fluffy white cat disappearing into a person's stomach. The felyne had opted to remain in the apartment this go-round to take care of her plants and bugs, though, meaning he won't get to enjoy her reaction. (He snapped a picture of it with his scroll for that purpose.)

Lisa, now. The girl was alternating her gaze between his coffee and hers, and that expression on her face spelled nothing but jealousy.

"It looks amazing," Jaune said to the waiter. "What's the occasion? All I asked for was a latte."

The waiter laughed. "The owner likes you, she thinks you're a good boy. Your meals will be out soon."

With that, he left them to it. Jaune wasted no time, turning to Lisa and grinning.

"See? I'm a good boy."

What greeted him was a pout.

"I want that one," Tattletale demanded, pointing at his coffee.

"If you request it, I think they will make one for you." He craned his neck to peek inside the store. The duo staffing it were doing mysterious barista things, but at the sort of pace to suggest they had all day. "It's not like they're busy at the moment."

Lisa chose instead to move her drink in front of him, then hooked a finger through the handle of his cup.

"Hey," Jaune said, entirely without surprise.

"I'm taking this, and you can have mine."

He peered into the cup sitting before him. "You already finished half of it."

"Still taking this," she replied in a brash tone, watching him carefully for his reaction. That became a squawk as he reached over and ruffled her hair, to her vehement protests.

Now satisfied, he pulled his (technically her) latte closer. The wary Lisa stared at him for a little while longer, her hands covering her messy hair to protect it from further depredation. When she was sure he would not do anything, she relaxed and grabbed her new cup of coffee, turning it this way and that to admire the foam figure.

Jaune sipped his drink. Throughout the whole motion, he maintained a careful eye on their surroundings. After, he set it down with a soft clack.

"So," he said, drawing his companion's attention, "what made you want to visit this place?"

Lisa gave a shrug of her shoulders. "Morbid curiosity, I guess. How can it be a beautiful world, if that is allowed?" A rhetorical question, suitable for a most curious conundrum. "Although, it is surprisingly much more peaceful than I envision. I was hoping to put my detective cap on."

Jaune cast a gaze at the landscape. Once in a while, a car would roll past. Pedestrians greeted one another with a friendly demeanor. On the surface, it resembled an ordinary city scene.

"Don't let your guard down. You saw the scroll said."

"Phone."

"Scroll."

They went through the motions of the old, familiar joke, the words and beats to it spoken by rote. It rather proved that despite everything they said, they could find no sign of danger here.

A chuckle rang out behind Lisa, and she turned her head to look. Jaune leaned to the side for a view.

The dandy old gentleman had risen from the nearby table. His clothes featured a simple and elegant cut. Well-to-do without a fortune, Jaune would put it. Strangely rough hands held on to a cane, but he walked without its aid.

Lisa's gaze lingered on the cane.

Approaching them, the gentleman doffed his fedora. "A good afternoon to you. Would you perhaps spare a minute for a stranger?"

Neither of them objected.

"I could not help but catch your conversation, and I noted your unfamiliarity with the ways of this fair city." Keen eyes observed the pair with a glance, the gentleman nodding and humming to himself as if having confirmed something he suspected. "If I may ask, are you travelers, or do you intend to immigrate?"

"We're travelers, stopping by for a few days," Jaune answered.

"Truly?" said the gentleman, a hand smoothing his white beard in thought. "My, and here I was, so certain otherwise. You would have been a good fit."

Jaune's head tilted to the side. "What makes you say that?"

"Because you, young man, have the look of someone who would not hesitate to kill a person."

Jaune did not know how to respond to that, and so sat there with a blank stupor. Lisa, on the other hand, snapped right back at the dandy old gentleman.

"Wooow, how rude can you get? Did you miss your meds, old-timer?"

The gentleman blinked in honest befuddlement. "I did not mean to offend. It was a simple statement of fact."

For whatever reason, Jaune was reminded of the Outsider. The comparison soured him a bit on this person.

"Okay, fair enough, I have killed before," Jaune said, half-hoping it would shock the guy. He was disappointed there. "But I did it for a reason," he insisted.

Their guest held up his hands, and Jaune saw no judgment or scorn in his eyes. "Please, there is no need to explain. After all… Here, it is no crime to kill a man."

The words were spoken with an easy air, lacking the gravitas that it should possess. Nevertheless, the mood grew tense in the resulting silence. Some thoughts went beyond the pale.

As she often did, Lisa broke the moment. "Yeah, what's with that? There shouldn't even be a city left."

"Well now," the gentleman said, and smiled kindly, "what do you see around us, then?

Grudgingly, Lisa muttered, "A city."

"Quite. You are travelers, yes? Why not spend some time in town, and get a firsthand look at"—he chuckled again—"the lawless jungle that you have stepped into."

The waiter came by, setting down plates.

"After you have tried the local specialty this land is known for, of course."

Jaune and Lisa stared at the two stacks of crepes before them. Creme, pastry, and strawberries were piled up high as a mountain. These were proper Huntsman portions. Monster Hunter portions, even.

They shared a look.

""Race you.""


-o-​


They heeded the suggestion of the dandy old gentleman. The rest of the afternoon had them visiting all the highlights of the city, which was in fact considered a nation unto itself in the same style as the Great Kingdoms, albeit smaller in population and power by magnitudes.

Their first stop was the tall wall past the farmlands that encircled the whole territory. Made from white stone, it towered over the surrounding scenery. Very sensible.

Next came the main thoroughfares and shopping streets, where they mingled among the crowds. Gold was gold, and the pair restocked on some of the basic supplies that were running low. They passed by schools and museums, spending time at a park. Toward the evening, they ate at a restaurant overlooking the riverfront.

Once night arrived, they retired to a small hotel just a couple of buildings over from the cafe. Lisa made a commotion in their room to watch how people would react. She apologized when she was asked politely to stop. Then, later on, she was asked politely to stop again. This time, both Jaune and Lisa apologized for the noise.

Altogether, they found a city that was not as described, and the next morning saw three figures sitting at the open air cafe for brunch. Business for the store was bustling today.

"I think I get it," Lisa proclaimed through a mouthful of crepes. Jaune and her were sharing a plate this time, having learned from yesterday, the undertaking watched over by two foam cats sitting in latte cups.

Jaune turned to her. "You do?"

"What, you didn't notice?" she asked in response. "Are you blind?"

Mildly ticked off by the tone, he said, "No. What are you talking about?"

Lisa twirled her fork in an absentminded manner. "I guess it is common in your world." That didn't explain anything to him, and she knew it. "I still think there are glaring issues that undercuts the whole system, but until it happens, I can't tell for sure which way it shakes out." She motioned at the peaceful street. "What is in front of us shows, at least, that the city hasn't blown up yet. I can't deny that part."

On the sideline to their chit chat, the dandy old gentleman merely deepened his smile and continued to stir his tea. He perked up as the doors to the hotel that sat a couple buildings over opened, and out came a person.

"It seems our other traveler has arrived. Would you mind terribly if they join us?"

Neither of them objected, and the gentleman called out to 'Kino'. Soon, the newcomer was approaching their table.

Jaune took the time to observe Kino, having been curious about the mysterious guest who took a room on the same floor as Lisa and him but he had not seen at all. Slight of build, Kino appeared to be a boy at first glance due to the short haircut and the thick black vest, but on closer look was in fact a very cute girl. She pushed along a motorcycle laden with supplies, and Jaune wondered why that had been allowed on the hotel's shiny floor.

The girl greeted the dandy old gentleman with a bow, then threw Jaune and Lisa an assessing look as she pulled out a chair.

"Good morning, Kino, Hermes," said the gentleman."This is Jaune and Lisa. Like you, they are staying here for a few short days."

"Hello," said Kino.

"Howdy!" said the motorcycle.

Said the motorcycle. Said the motorcycle. Said—Jaune's brain rebooted.

""It can talk!"" shouted both Jaune and Lisa.

As if to prove the point, it- he spoke again in the voice of a young boy. "What else am I supposed to do, dance? Have you never met a motorrad before?"

Jaune swiftly left his seat to kneel by the vehicle, and he searched for the source of the voice. "A motorrad? Do they come with radios? Is that how you're doing this?"

"All me, baby. My type is becoming pretty rare nowadays, though, so I'm not too surprised you haven't met one like me. More and more people are building boring cars and bikes that don't talk for some reason."

"Oh gee, who wouldn't want an AI uprising?" Lisa muttered, rubbing her eyes as if hoping she was just hallucinating.

"And aye-eye?" asked the new girl, Kino.

Seizing on the topic as a lifeline, Lisa launched into a lecture on artificial intelligence and the dangers thereof, which both Kino and the dandy old gentleman were willing to humor. It allowed her to shove the topic of a talking motorcycle, or 'motorrad', to the side for Jaune to deal with.

He liked to think that his travels have inured him to some of the absurdity of the world. Indeed, the speed at which he grew used to holding conversation with Hermes once they got to talking bordered on the surreal. Beneath the steel and aluminum frame was a person even if he still couldn't find the voicebox, a chatty one as interested in his story as he was of the motorrad's.

The land of visible pain, the land of books, the land of identical faces, a kind land that never saw tomorrow. The roads that Hermes and Kino have ridden on did not always lead to happy places. This world, like many he had visited, was an imperfect thing.

That said, the 'battles' that Hermes recounted were probably exaggerations, and where Jaune drew the line. They strained credulity, replete with explosions at their backs that neither girl nor motorrad looked at while walking away.

"The three-day rule?" he later asked after Hermes revealed a bit on how he and Kino operated.

Hermes nodded… How did he know that the mottorrad nodded?

"It lets Kino see most of a country without overstaying her welcome, and time for her to visit all the countries left out there. Life doesn't last for never."

"Did you mean 'forever'?"

"That. Can you imagine being stuck in one spot for years and years? It makes me shiver imagining it."

"…Does it?"

"Of course it does. Do I look heartless to you? I have feelings, you know!" said the motorrad.

"Not quite the part I was doubting. Still, I kind of get your point, Hermes."

He might have started traveling out of necessity, but to learn of the open horizons beyond the walls, in lands where the Grimm never roamed? His heart was not made of stone. Wanderlust, too, had taken root within him. He wanted to experience so much more.

"What if you have to stay for longer?" he asked. "Like, say, there's a war going on."

Just an example, no particular incident in mind.

"That doesn't have anything to do with us?" Hermes replied, uncertain. "People fight each other all the time to the point that it's almost a sport. We'd ruin their game if we barge into the middle of it. Besides, Kino isn't in the habit of starting anything, and I'm a motorrad—no hands."

With steadfast resolve, Jaune ignored the vindicated look Lisa leveled his way from over at the table. The circumstances of their respective groups were totally different, and should not be compared. Yup, yup.

"I suppose you two do give off fairly inoffensive vibes," Jaune said.

Hermes gave a sheepish chuckle. "Well, that's not completely true… Kino, trouble's coming."

"You! I found you!" a person shouted, rushing out of a store. The young man wore a delirious grin, one that promised a great laugh for nobody but him. On his hip hung a gun, and he was resting his hand on the grip.

Lisa looked at Jaune as if to ask what he had done now. He shrugged and looked right back at her to ask the same, receiving an identical answer. They then both turned to the dandy old gentleman to get a bemused expression.

Kino was the one to stand up. The girl dressed in boyish black vest and pants took a couple of strides that put her alone on the road, with no one else in the line of fire. That once tranquil and lazy morning vanished with the simple action, sharpening into focus. People, whether shopkeepers, pedestrians, or cafe customers, read the writing on the wall and began clearing off the street. The gentleman sipped his tea, remaining where he was, as did Jaune and Lisa.

"Hello, again. What do you need?" Kino asked, her hand far away from her own revolver by her side.

"Leave all your stuff here and scram," said the young man.

"May I ask why I should?"

"Since you were too weak and frail to help carry my luggage for me on the way into town, then you must be having a hard time with the heavy supplies on that motorrad. I'll do you a favor and take it off your hand for you. Aren't I generous?"

"Very, so I cannot in good conscience ask it of you. I will keep my things."

The young man smirked. "Then I'll just kill ya. It's not a crime here. Care to change your mind?"

"You immigrated to this country, did you?"

"That's right. I'm a citizen now and I'll have a blast living here, free to kill anyone that pisses me off until the end of my days." His grin turned unfriendly. "Starting with you."

Kino hummed in thought, and said, "You don't behave like other people here."

"What are you—no, you're stalling. Last chance."

Jaune leaned forward. Go time.

Lisa bounced out of her seat to stop him, an arm across his chest. "Don't interfere." She glanced over her shoulder. "There's no need for that."

"Are you kidding right now?" he hissed.

She sighed.

A fwip, and an arrow sprouted on the young man's arm before he could finish drawing his gun. The young man screamed. Jaune spun to where the attack originated, catching sight of the doting cafe owner hefting a crossbow.

He had faced down monsters, yet he shivered at the eerie expression she sported on her face. Far too casual for what she was doing, far less kind than what she had been.

The cafe owner fired off another shot, the bolt striking the young man's foot this time. He fell, still shouting in pain and confusion.

"What are you doing!? What are you doing!?" was his cry.

The chair near Jaune slid back with a screech, and the dandy old gentleman stood up. Gripping his cane, he walked toward the young man. He was joined by a crowd of people newly returned to the street. Each person held a weapon of some kind. A teenager with a rifle, a man with a sword, an elderly couple carrying knives. The common thread connecting them was that the weapons were very well maintained.

Jaune noted the many individuals, old and young, with rough hands. Hard eyes assessed him every once in a while. He recalled the places he had visited during the sightseeing trip of the city. What had been present at every location, whether blade or firearm. It had seemed natural to him that weapons would be around, not worth acknowledging with more than a passing glance, and only now did he realize what Lisa had already figured out about the people here.

Civilians he had thought them, right up until they weren't. Regular people, but what things have they seen?

The young man failed to notice this, and remained brash and belligerent despite his injuries. He demanded help and threatened death in equal measure, the panic in his mind muddling his thoughts. No sympathy for him was found.

The gentleman stood over the young man, peering down at him. "It is no use, we did what we meant to do. We had to stop you."

"Wha… What?" gasped the young man, losing steam.

"You just tried to kill that girl, and that is not allowed in this country."

The young man did not understand. "What kind of joke is that?" he yelled. "Murder isn't prohibited!"

The gentleman nodded.

"Yes, it is not prohibited. That does not mean it is allowed." Around him, the crowd murmured their agreement.

"What does that even mean!? Help me, dammit! Or I'll kill you all!"

Jaune thought Lisa would have raised the objection. In her absence, he did it instead, calling out to the crowd.

"The guy hadn't actually killed anyone yet."

That drew everybody's attention to him.

"Oh? You would speak in his defense?" said the gentleman.

The young man's eyes sought out Jaune's, who saw in it a desperate hope.

"I didn't say that," Jaune stated, dashing that hope. "I saw what he attempted and anyway, as he keeps reminding us all, there isn't a law to protect him—"

Jaune stopped talking.

Oh. So that was it.

The dandy old gentleman noticed the pause, and gave Jaune a knowing look. He said, kindly, "He wanted to, you see. He would have, given his way. That someone stopped him is not a point in his favor. In fact…" The gentleman chuckled. "There are no points in this matter. It is a simple thing."

"Aaand this is where I go," Lisa remarked. "I don't want anything to do with this."

She sent him a significant glance, and jerked her head in the direction of the hotel, silently asking if he would leave with her. He shook his head, and as she left he turned back to the scene.

"Those who have killed others in this country were themselves killed," said the gentleman. "Those who have tried to kill others in this country were themselves killed. Those who try to kill others in this country… are themselves killed."

Here they say that murder was not prohibited. They also say it wasn't allowed. A contradiction, but so was the other way. Laws prohibited murder, and yet it would still happen.

Jaune rather thought that the people of this country must have seen every reason under the sun for it, to end up here. An understanding between neighbors who have walked the same road.

The young man finally got it through his head, the trouble he was in.

"No! No! Like he said, I didn't do it! You can't do this!"

The dandy old gentleman would not listen. "A weapon is not a toy to wave around. It is a tool for killing." With a twist, the head of his walking cane pulled out to reveal a sword. He took up a stance that belonged to a once much younger man, the blade aimed at his target's heart. "But you already know that. You are dangerous."

Jaune had not noticed Kino moving to stand by his side. She said to him in a quiet voice, "In the jungle, most things would prefer the tiger dead."

And, really, that was the long and short of it.

He glanced at the gun on the girl's hip. "Hey, Kino."

"Yes?"

"Do you see yourself using that revolver in the future?"

"I do. After all, I want to live."

"Right." Jaune sighed. "Life sure would be great if everyone could get along."

He felt something touching his shoulder. Kino was patting him in what the girl might have thought was a comforting manner.

"The world is not beautiful, therefore it is."

Lisa had left in order to avoid what came next. He stayed, and let it unfold. It bothered him that he understood.

Jaune stood there beside Kino, and watched people kill a man.

The reason did not matter, but it was important.


Universe: Kino's Journey -The Beautiful World-.
Location: The Land of Permitted Murder.
Event: A Curious Incident at the Cafe
Loot: daily supplies​


Author's Notes: Opening the new page in their lives on a light note.

Kino's Journey is an odd duck as far as light novels go. Its author enjoys playing with story structures and themes. If anything has had an effect on my writing, and stoked my desire to write and travel in the first place, it would be this series.

And on that note, I'll be traveling for a few weeks. Let's see if I can do some writing along the way. No motorrad, but a car will do.
Last edited: Oct 25, 2025
Stories:
QQ Sneaking His Way into the Multiverse , a RWBY Jaune, WC-lite mechanics story.
Other RWBY stories on AO3 or FF - Yakuza Arc | Conquered Menagerie: Annals of the Sixth Kingdom | Cat, Bunny, and the Good Ship Honey Starbright | The Agent
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:m213, Arkan10, Amdiranifani and 620 others
LazyAutumnMoon
Oct 25, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 54: Boots, Jacket, Blade, Aura
View content
LazyAutumnMoon
LazyAutumnMoon
We all need Sundancer in our life.
JoinedJun 7, 2024
Messages289
Likes received68,284
Nov 9, 2025
Add bookmark
#4,229
Chapter 54: Boots, Jacket, Blade, Aura​


On a day like any other, the sweet and lovely voice of Lisa Wilbourn rang out across the apartment that the team had come to call home.

"My voice without da lies, this is what it sounds liiiiiike~"

It sounded better than one might think. Honest.

Fresh from a shower, she wore comfortable silk bathrobes, the hem of which swished and flicked as she pranced back and forth like she stood on a stage. The orchestration playing from a phone set on the kitchen counter lent itself to her performance. The girl sang her heart out, grinning as she delighted in the pure emotion of the music.

For Jaune who was in the midst of doing maintenance on his gunlance, the constant distraction brought nothing but bother. His annoyance grew and grew as he listened to the singing. It soon hit the last straw, and he set the lance aside to groan into his hands.

"Oh, for the love of… Lisa, quit it!"

Lisa stumbled mid-dance, giving him an interesting view. She turned around with a bewildered look. The glass of water she held in front of her face as a microphone instead of drinking from sloshed with the motion, spilling some.

"What? Why?" she asked, quite alarmed.

"Because if you don't," he said, and pointed at himself, "I'm going to start singing, too."

Lisa's expression cleared up, realization dawning as to the problem. Laughter found its way to her lips.

"It's catchy, isn't it?"

"Very."

"Haha!" She spread her hands, as if to say 'what can you do'. "I guess singing's got me a little thirsty anyway, so this is a good time for a break."

Jaune nodded his thanks, leaving it at that. Soon, he was once again immersed in the task of cleaning the gun chamber.

Out of his periphery, he saw Lisa opening the fridge door. Bottles and cans clattered as she rummaged around inside. She seemed to have found what she wanted, and the fridge door closed.

Pssst—pop!

Upon hearing the distinctive sound of a soda can tab being pulled, Jaune's palm met his face. That did it, it was over. He opened his mouth, right as a very smug Lisa also began.

""Hey, hey!... Hey, hey!"" they sang in stereo.


-o-​


Seoul was bright.

Jaune meant that in the very literal sense of it being broad daylight at this hour, sure, but also in the sense of smiles and liveliness and unfiltered energy as people went about their morning, the sort you'd get in the weeks after the Huntsmen got done taking their gunswords to the Grimm population near the town. People walked with a pep in their steps, heads held up high. Within their first few minutes here, Jaune had deemed it a good indicator that things were peaceful in this corner of the world and not at all in imminent danger like he expected, although at the same time it seemed to have somewhat unnerved Tattletale to see everyone so cheerful.

Her apprehension hadn't lasted long. The girl soon got over it and took to the city like a fish to water. With Escha in tow, she now raced through the crowd ahead of him, never a moment's rest as she set out for the next destination to catch her eyes. Already, she had purchased several new outfits and pieces of electronics.

That she could stand to let her guard down like this must be a sign she trusted him to handle whatever sudden development might arise, surely? He'd take it as such.

His own interest ran more toward the street foods sold in carts and stores along the way. Seoul food, or perhaps he should say 'Korean' food, trended toward the Mistral side of cuisine with some definite influences from Vale. Delicious, in short. Corn dogs, rice cakes, grilled squid, a sort of cross between a sushi roll and a sandwich, scallion pancakes—he tried a little of everything, having discovered an even deeper appreciation for food recently. The weeks of stale bread and boiled potatoes had thereafter turned any cheap grub he bought off the street into culinary delights.

In this manner the morning passed in relative peace, until their aimless course put them in a plaza surrounded by businesses and digital billboards. At once, Jaune noticed that something seemed to be going down. People were milling about, flyers in hand and confused looks on their faces while a bouncing beat underlaid the city noises. The sight gave Tattletale enough pause for him to catch up to her.

"Any idea what's happening?" he asked. Despite himself, his head moved to the music.

Escha took the initiative to scramble over to a flyer lying on the ground. She retrieved it, and hurried back to hand it up to Tattletale. In return, the girl dispensed many scritches under the chin to the felyne.

"Thanks, sweetie. Let's see what this is about." She blew a wayward strand of hair out of her face, before giving the piece of paper a quick skim. Her eyes then darted to the clock on one of the digital billboards. "It sounds like there's a street performance today. Here."

Right on cue, a cloud of purple smoke billowed from the other side of the plaza.

"And that should be it." Lisa motioned to him. "Come on, let's go check it out!"

They moved through the crowd, some of whom were also drifting over in that direction. Most stayed put, uncertain of what to do. What was causing that smoke? What did it mean? They had not the confidence born of Aura to head there and find out.

As he walked closer, Jaune heard a sound reminiscent of a soda can tab being pulled open. The music that had been playing in the background grew louder. Voices, all male, reverberated around the plaza.

"Hey, hey!... Hey, hey!"

A silhouette appeared within the purple smoke, tracing the shape of a tall figure. A man, at a guess. The figure suddenly sprouted a second pair of arms, followed by another, in time with the beat. Then, the smoke swept away to reveal…

A boy band.

Immediately, they broke into song, and the crowd at Jaune's back went wild. People ran forward to gather round the street performance, and he had to move with the rush lest someone got crushed against his back. It put him, Tattletale, and Escha near the front of the audience, a couple of rows away from the cleared area where the performers were dancing.

And, my, could they dance.

"What. Is. That?" Escha whispered in awe from her new perch on his back. Her fur stood on ends, and she wiggled to the music as a child would, knowing not one bit of how to imitate the performers but nevertheless giving her best try at it. Thoughts of staying hidden were forgotten. Nobody paid her attention anyway, caught up in flashy movements and sweet tones of the boy band.

"K-pop!" answered Tattletale with a happy squee. "Holy crap, it is still a thing here!"

Jaune didn't know K-pop from bebop. However, the tune was one he found his feet tapping to and was something Tattletale took to with enthusiasm, the girl grabbing him by the hand to drag him forward for a better view, shimmying her shoulders to match the beat.

He detected a vague Mistral bent to the rhythm, but the thing that stood out was the sheer energy the five men were putting in for what sounded like a simple love song, a downright silly one at that. The lyrics likened the person that the singer was addressing to a soda pop, the meaning easy to understand. Needing someone, wanting someone in their life. Loving their taste, their presence a burst of invigoration to the singer's day.

Filling the singer up? He'd admit to being rather shaky on what that part was about, beyond the obvious.

Simple it may be, the boy band threw their whole heart into the performance. Always dynamic movements, never staying still. They bounced rather than walked from place to place, each person operating in close quarters with four other people without a hitch to their steps. It told of ceaseless practice.

They were dressed quite casually. The front man had an untucked shirt over jeans. One guy wore a sweater, another an undersized shirt with its buttons carelessly undone. One went for puffy sleeves, pretensions undercut by the bashful glances as he adjusted the garment. The last member didn't even comb his hair out his eyes before getting on stage. The disparate colors and styles nevertheless formed a common theme. Little ostentation, none of the frills. This was who they were.

They looked… genuine. Just people, who you might meet on the street. (Albeit, very handsome.)

To contrast it, their every gesture was made with great exaggeration. A hand reaching out, the fingers curling one by one in a come-hither motion. Closing their hands over their hearts and sighing like a lovestruck fool. A thumb-suck to mime drinking from a soda can, at once innocent and flirtatious. Embarrassing actions that a normal person would not be caught dead doing, yet they appeared more real for it. Jaune got the impression that he was watching these men bare their souls to the world.

A tug on his arm pulled him out of the performance.

"Hey Jaune, did you see that?" asked Tattletale.

He rolled his eyes, and gave her a little smirk. "No, Lisa. The singer wasn't winking at you. It's a performer's trick."

Tattletale spluttered, "That wasn't what I'm talking about—mmph!"

She looked down at the finger pressed over her lips, then up at him.

"Come on, let's enjoy this song and not argue about who's right or wrong," he said in a kind tone, leaning close so their faces measured inches apart. "We can talk later… did those guys just shimmer in rainbow colors?"

Tattletale slapped his hand away. "Like I was trying to tell you, dummy."

Huh, now didn't he feel silly.

"They're magicians!" ""They're demons!"" cried a number of voices from beside him.

He flicked his gaze that way, registering a suspicious trio of women who stood out for their distinct unhappiness with the performance. The dissenter among them was in the middle of amending her words to match her companions' ludicrous claim that the singing troupe were demons, while the others looked ready to murder someone.

"I don't know," he chimed in, speaking quietly so he would not interrupt the show, "they could be magicians. Making pretty lights is kind of a core part to parlor tricks."

Three heads snapped toward him, mouths agape. They shared similar mannerisms and tics, their expressions a mirror to one another. It suggested a close relationship of years spent living in the same home. His sisters tended to do that, and he was guilty of it to an extent.

"He heard us!?" one of the women whispered out of the corner of her mouth, oblivious to the fact that he also heard that part. She seemed the most normal of the group, her black hair covered by a yellow hat.

"Uhhh."

That came from the tallest one. Red hair hidden under a cap pulled low, she looked shady and not because of the sunglasses.

"Y-Yeah," she continued, plastering on a smile, "those are definitely magicians. Right, Rumi?"

She nudged the hoodie-wearing woman standing next to her with an elbow. For whatever reason, this person had a cardboard box filled with juice packets in her arms. Jaune's wariness of her grew as the big, wide smile transferred from one face to another.

"Totally magicians," said Rumi, rapidly nodding her head. She then nudged the dark-haired woman, the slasher grin infecting that one, too. "Right, Zoey?"

"Uh-huh, no demons here! Right, Mira?" The now-named Zoey wiggled her elbow in the direction of the redhead, trying in vain to bridge the distance. Her friends pushed it down and told her to 'act natural'.

For a beat, silence reigned in the little bubble formed by their two groups while the performance continued to play in the background for everyone else. Then, Tattletale turned to him.

"Okay, sooo…" She vaguely gestured at the trio. "They're lying out of their butts right now, if you somehow haven't noticed."

He did not bother to question her further, because Tattletale could spot liars from a mile off. He looked at the boy band, who had moved off to the side of the area during the brief moment he took his eyes away from them and were passing out presents to kids while still singing. His mind raced ahead, making the two short leaps to the conclusion that those pretty boys were demons. Flesh-rending, soul-eating demons.

They did not seem the type. Which, he supposed, was the point.

A sword appeared in his hand. "Are we killing them, then?"

Shame. He enjoyed their music.

"Ooooh, I like how this guy thinks." The tall redhead, Mira, gave him an approving look. She motioned with her hand, and a shimmering effect traced the shape of a spear-like implement for a second before the one named Rumi slapped the thing to make it vanish into thin air.

"Mira, this is way too public!" Rumi chided.

Which wasn't a no, Jaune noted. These gals could have made great Huntresses.

Rumi grabbed Mira by the jaw, turning her toward Jaune. "Also, here's a bigger question: how did he just do that? The only people who can should be…" She pointed at each member of the trio in turn.

"What?" asked Mira, voice muffled by the fingers gripping her cheeks. "Are you saying he's one of us?"

Zoey gasped. "Like an overseas version? How come Celine never told us this?"

Off on the sideline, Lisa remarked in a quiet tone, "We've found the K-pop, the demons, and, apparently, the hunters. That was quick."

He went to reply, but before he could, the ground rumbled beneath their feet. More purple smoke blew, and the demon boy band began to rise above their surroundings, borne on a platform that seemed to have sprouted right out of the plaza bricks.

"Jaune, are you seeing a giant soda can, too?" asked Tattletale.

"Yup."

"Just checking." She held out her hand, and Jaune quietly placed a Piero's Remedy in it. She wouldn't need it yet, but they were getting there.

The performance was hitting a high point, the five men pitching their voices louder to whip the crowd in a frenzy. A shared look and, in tandem, they jumped up to then slammed their feet back on the platform. Thereafter, a change overtook the plaza.

New colors swept over the world, emanating outward as a ring from the stage. Don't ask him how, but everything touched by the effect—the road, the buildings, even the clothes people wore—bloomed into vivid shades encompassing the full palette of colors. Purple where there was once white. Gold in place of black. Beige became blue, brown became green. His jacket stayed the same, for which he was glad, possibly due to being already bright and eye-catching. The crowd surrounding him marveled at the wonderland scene, and screamed themselves hoarse for the boy band.

Esha was right alongside him in shouting out their amazement, as Tattletale ran her mouth a mile a minute with theories on the phenomenon, tinkertech special effects at the top of the list. Jaune had an easier answer for that, it was magic. Of the stage or of the ethereal, he could not guess. Some trick of the lights, perhaps, but life grew more real with its presence. Looking around, only now did he realize how subdued the city used to appear, the past a drab and mundane gray. A part of him could imagine that this colorful, shining world was the city as it should have been this whole time.

It… might be worth it to let the demons live.

He then noticed the absolutely feral expressions of the demon hunters. They were not, it seemed, inclined to agree with him.

"The show is ending, this is our chance. Get ready to nab them as they leave," ordered Rumi with none of the earlier silliness. She sounded as if she was used to command. The three women braced to charge ahead.

The performance came to a close with the front man blowing a kiss to the audience that had a fair number of people swooning at the gesture, fans for life going forward if Jaune was any judge. The man followed it up with a devastating finisher.

"Remember, Saja Boys love you!"

"This is it," said Rumi. "Go! Go!—"

With a snap of their fingers, the demon boy band vanished from place to leave only purple smoke.

"...Go?"

Mira pushed down her sunglasses. "What the hell? Where are they?"

"Gone," Tattletale supplied, and she spoke quickly as the trio of demon hunters whirled on her. "The air was displaced, it isn't some kind of illusion or camouflage. Those guys teleported off of the stage."

"They might still be nearby. We'll look for them," Rumi decided.

"Ahem." Tattletale cocked an eyebrow.

Rumi paused, then indicated Mira, Zoey, and herself in turn. "Us we, not you we. But we will need to talk to you later. What are your names?"

He and Tattletale shared a glance. A minute nod of her head, and he spoke up.

"Jaune."

"Lisa."

"Escha!"

He and Tattletale both winced as the demon hunters peered past his shoulder at the cat snapping off a salute.

Mira pointed a finger at her. "Did that cat just—"

"Cuuuuutie!" In a flash, Escha was trapped in Zoey's arms, the woman cuddling the felyne with all her might. "We're taking her home!"

"Zoey, this is not the time!" Rumi growled. "Were taking them all home. But later." She looked back at Jaune. "Meet us at Huntrix Tower. Security will show you in if you give them your names."

Tattletale squinted her eyes. "Huntrix? Where did I—wait, the idol group plastered on every billboard?"

There was no answer. In a blink, the hunters (Huntrixes?) have rushed off into the crowd. They darted past the numerous people in their way without jostling them, the ease of which told of experience that went beyond prancing on a stage. In no time flat, they were out of sight to leave him and Tattletale amidst the dispersing audience.

"What do you think?" Jaune asked, directing a last cursory scan across the plaza before giving up. Things were moving in directions he hadn't anticipated, but by this point he was used to rolling with it. The world was not kind enough that it would wait for him to finish freaking out. "Should we do as she says?"

"We have to, since that Zoey person still has Escha," Tattletale replied.

Jaune slowly blinked at that piece of news, and played recent events over in his mind. Nowhere in there did the woman put down the cat.

"Wait a minute, did we just witness a kitten-napping?" (Not to be confused with a kitten napping, which was a very common sight in their apartment.)

"It should be fine. We know how to find them, and signs point to them being the white hat faction in these parts. For now, let's get out of this crowd and figure out where that tower is." Tattletale looked around, before pointing at one of the side streets branching off of the plaza. Jaune nodded, and led the way. "I also need access to a computer to suss out the story on this demon boy band."

He turned his head as he walked, speaking over his shoulder. "Yeah, what's with that? I was expecting, you know, monsters with big horns and sharp teeth, not pretty boy looks. Is this an Earth thing?"

"Nope. Our concept of them mirrors yours, which is why I'm worried about a second threat. If all these guys do is sing, then it really doesn't justify the danger rating of this world."

Neither of them had any idea of what a 'Broken Honmoon' entailed, but the last time Jaune ventured into a place with this rating, he had a scrap with a fellow named Leviathan. By all rights, the people in their surroundings should be dead men walking. That did not match the vibe he was getting throughout today.

"Maybe we'll have some answers soon from those demon hunters—whoops, sorry!" He had rounded the corner and almost immediately ran into a person there. Stepping back, he slapped his hands together in apology. "My bad, I should have looked where I… I was…"

He fell silent, the smile he wore slipping away.

The front man of the Saja Boys took it up in his place. On his face, it looked just a little too wide. With one elbow propped on the brick wall, the handsome young man leaned forward, and though they were of a height, he seemed to loom over Jaune. At his back stood the rest of his crew.

"So," the man said casually. "Come here often?"

Jaune opened his mouth. Closed it. Opened it again.

"Why does that sound like you're hitting on me?" He could feel Tattletale taking cover behind him to study the situation, a light grip tugging on the hem of his Gallian jacket.

One of the other boy band members shoved his way forward. Back on the stage, he had acted with delicate mannerisms, his more effeminate stylings lending him a gentle air amongst the Saja Boys. Now, he harbored a manic look, staring at Jaune in rapt attention as saliva dripped down his chin.

"Because you look"—he sucked in his drool—"delicious!"

The front man chuckled, taking point again. He put one hand on the other guy's shoulder, the other hand motioning for calm. "Romance, down."

"But Jinu!"

"I told you that we will each get a piece, to make it fair," the front man—Jinu—reassured his ally. He turned to Jaune, showing a disarming grin. "Sorry about him. I'm sure you get this all the time, but you have a beautiful soul."

No. He did not, in fact, hear that often. How flattering.

"Why, thank—"

"Jaune! They literally want to eat you, and then me!" Tattletale hissed.

He slumped in disappointment. "I sort of figured that, yes."

The entire boy band group were sporting yellow eyes by now, and they jostled each other in order to inch nearer to Jaune, prevented only by their leader Jinu. Colorful lines that Jaune had spotted earlier traced up and down their skin, adding an uncanny glow to them.

Jinu leaned even closer and opened his mouth wide, showing off the sharpened canines that weren't there before. He took a deep breath in, and that was when Jaune felt a pull. Unlike the gentle pinch to his jacket by Tattletale, this one plucked at something which had neither weight nor grip. His Aura flickered as it registered damage, and Jaune shivered as he experienced the sense of himself… fading.

Nope. Nopenopenope. He did not like that feeling at all.

He whipped out his hand in the direction of Jinu, his mind running the gamut of options. Should he go for a crowbar or a hammer from the toolbox? The Ruhm rifle to make a serious threat? Red Rook, for the splatter effect?

His sword materialized, sans the malfunctioning shield half that won't retract into a scabbard anymore. The front man startled at its appearance and hurried to back up, but was stymied by his allies behind him blocking every avenue of escape. The blade sliced right across Jinu's throat. A swift, clean end.

"Ahh! AHHH!"

—Or it should have been. Jaune had to admit, he was not expecting the man to have the breath left to scream, and stood there gawking as the person he just killed stumbled around in a panic. That was, until Jinu paused in between shrieking like a little girl and checked over himself with his hands.

"Wait, I'm not dead?" said the man, half in disbelief.

"…He's not dead," Jaune muttered, a bad feeling rising.

Jinu was beaming now, a bright and happy smile with all the elation of a person escaping the noose. He pumped his fists in the air. "I'm not dead! Whoohoo!"

Then, the smile turned downright evil.

"Oh, I get it," Jinu said, resuming his advance on Jaune again. The movements were playful, a stalking gait to draw out the moment. "You can't kill me. That sword is just a hunk of steel, so it"—the hunk of steel slashed through his neck—"doesn't carry"— the blade reversed course to slice his belly—"the power"—neck again—"of the Honmoon and would you please stop that, it's very annoying!"

"Quit trying to eat my soul! That's annoying to me!" Jaune retorted right back. He kept up a steady defensive zone, weaving his sword in quick and snappy arcs that held Jinu at bay while his opponent darted from side to side in the hope of faking him out.

Demons, as it turned out, were not that much stronger than a normal civilian. No faster, either, and so in the span of seconds Jaune had managed to give Jinu a dozen additional cuts for good measure. Horrible rends formed and healed in the blink of an eye on Jinu's body, never quite harming the demon but did interrupt further attempts to nibble on his Aura.

What broke the stalemate was a small click of the tongue. Jinu abandoned his futile endeavor and leapt away from Jaune, turning his head to call out to the demons behind him.

"Guys, a little help here?"

The other four demons heeded the request with a feral eagerness. They snarled and snapped their jaws, abandoning the pretense at humanity to rush forward in anticipation of a feast.

"I'll get the girl!" the one named Romance shouted.

Jaune got to her first. His odds of victory against five indestructible, soul-sucking demons were looking pretty bad—he would go as far as to call them his natural enemy—so he quickly decided that a retreat was in order. Throwing Tattletale over a shoulder, he booked it down the street with the demon boy band hot on his heels. (And hot in general. No, he wasn't jealous.)

"Tattletale, what do I do!?" he screamed as he ran. "This sword can't cut demons!"


-o-​


Apparently, a pocha was the place to go for late night cheap eats in Seoul. So said Mira of the Huntrix, Korea's biggest idol sensation, and she had provided him directions to a good spot she knew. Jaune wasn't sure if that was the same place he currently sat in, since he got lost along the way and ended up just following the smell of cooking, but it turned out for the best, he felt. The big orange tent set on the sidewalk with plastic tables and chairs inside, and three little food carts pushed together to serve as a kitchen, was a place he could vibe with. It was the kind of establishment where a person might find overworked salarymen in one corner, college students at another, and an old granny at a third. One never knew what one might encounter or who one could meet by eating here. It was an adventure.

He needed this, a time for himself to unwind. The rest of the day since the street performance had been… hectic, was a good word.

Running away from the Saja Boys was an easy matter until they decided to teleport. They could, and did, do it consecutively, the bunch of cheaters. In the end, Tattletale came up with the solution, which was to take refuge at the Huntrix Tower before their Aura ran out. Jaune thought it was very helpful and forward-looking of the idol group to have their name emblazoned on the side of the skyscraper for people to find.

The ploy worked, and it said something of the formidability of the Huntrixes that the Saja Boys chose to break off the chase rather than risk encountering the demon hunters. The safety provided by the tower became ironclad once the three women showed up along with a thoroughly-spoiled Escha. Of course, what followed was a grilling of Jaune and Tattletale on both their confrontation with the demons and their background, the latter of which Tattletale managed to fib a story that seemed plausible but did not actually answer any of the Huntrixes' questions beyond the surface level. In turn, they received an explanation as to the circumstances of the demon hunters and the conflict they've stumbled into the middle of. (Plus a secret Tattletale discovered concerning Rumi that Jaune had no clue what to do with and that Tattletale had to be bribed to cease prying into.)

In essence, demons preyed on people and the Huntrixes squashed them flat for the audacity. It was so beautiful a story, Jaune almost shed a tear. The deep connection between them and him had been palpable for a minute there.

The next bit that they revealed sort of broke apart the Huntsman/Huntrix comparison from then on, though.

According to the demon hunters, the Honmoon laid at the center of the affair. A barrier to separate Earth and the place where the demons live, it kept them from running amok all over the planet. Powered by music, music, the ritual worked on a scale he could scarcely believe, the idol unit weaving changes into the world itself each time they put on a concert. Since its inception, humanity only ever faced a fraction of their enemy. From his perspective, the whole business went beyond magic to border on miracles and godhood, done by a couple of singers.

Well, not merely singers. Going on a hunt for demons alongside them made for quite an experience.

The least of it was a cardio workout, because they moved like Ren. A hop, a cartwheel, and suddenly they were running on the rooftops, then halfway down the block in a blink. It took him a fair amount of creativity with [Third Arm] and his boots to stick to their route.

Then, there came the actual fighting. Even if the best he could do was keep the demons in the bathhouse occupied by throwing them around until one of the women finished off the things, he got a first-hand look at the effectiveness of their armament. A shame that the weapons were tied to the Honmoon, and he wasn't a good enough soprano to tap into that for an upgrade to Crocea Mors.

He had brought up the possibility, purely theoretical, of the Honmoon breaking. They… didn't take it well. That subject died quick.

Such talks had given way to a sleepover. Putting aside the awkwardness of being the sole boy there, it felt too nostalgic. So, he left. Tattletale and Escha would be at the safest place possible in the city, meaning he didn't have to shadow them, while he got some midnight grub. With Huntrix on speed dial in case demons showed their faces, he had nothing to fear. A perfect plan.

Hence, him, here. Sitting at a pocha, a place where one could end up encountering anybody. For him, that happened to be a guy named Bobby. And Bobby? Oh, he was great.

"Here, Jaune, try this," said his dining companion, whom he met not half an hour earlier. The short and stocky man—but with hair to die for—pointed at one of the dishes he ordered. Bobby might be a little addicted to his phone, but that came about from work habits instead of introvertedness, and the man had been all too happy to introduce a tourist to the good eats of Korea after catching sight of Jaune hesitating over the menu.

That said, there was a catch.

Jaune leaned closer to the table for a better view of the food. The fried morsels looked tasty enough, albeit unidentifiable.

"What is it?" he asked, having learned his lesson.

"Chicken."

Jaune did not leave it at that. His eyes narrowed.

"Which part of a chicken?"

Bobby waggled a finger at him. "Ohhh, you are in for a treat. This is gizzard, the best accompaniment to a good cup of soju, and don't let anyone tell you different!"

On the one hand, Bobby knew his stuff. His selections thus far had been stellar, from the drinks to the food. On the other hand, gizzard sounded less like meat, and more like an organ.

He understood, in an academic way, that every edible section of a chicken, a cow, a pig or what have you had made its way into his stomach at one point or another. People ground them down and stuffed them in sausages.

But did that mean chicken feet should be grilled as-is and served on a plate? And now this?

"Can I get fried chicken wings, instead?" he asked.

Undeterred, Bobby plopped a hand on Jaune's shoulder. "Trust me."

With a rueful breath, Jaune plucked a piece of chicken innards with his chopsticks and popped it in his mouth. The tough, chewy texture threw him off for a bit, and he spent a long while just working on the gamey morsel. Finally, he swallowed it down.

Bobby, silent this whole time, leaned forward in his seat. The plastic chair creaked under his frame.

"Hmmm?" he said, leadingly.

Jaune avoided his gaze. "...It's delicious," he grumbled.

A whoop, and Bobby raised his glass of soju wine. Jaune followed suit to take his own in hand. They clinked the cups together before knocking back the alcohol.

Afterward, Bobby refilled their glasses.

"Was I right, or was I right?" said Bobby. The man cocked an ear and motioned for an answer, grinning. It turned into a guffaw as Jaune pulled the dish closer to his side of the table. In minutes, the pair had finished off the fried chicken gizzards, along with the last third of the soju bottle.

The bottles sold here came in small sizes, and bore a wide variety of flavors. Jaune was looking forward to trying a new one.

"And we have a lot more where that came from," Bobby continued, which Jaune hoped was meant in a metaphorical way and did not refer to further chicken parts on the horizon. The stocky man rubbed his hands together, peering down at the small menu sheet taped to the table. "Now, what next, what next…"

Jaune pointed to one item. "What is this… jap-chae?"

"A noodle dish, and believe me, the flavor of sweet potato noodles is out of this world, especially when you stir fry it on a fresh bed of veggies." Bobby tapped his chin in thought. "Then again, the shop tends to make it on the greasy side. A little heavy if you just want to taste different dishes, I think."

"Order the tteokbokki. They're always great."

"Oh ho, yes!" Bobby agreed, perking up. "Who doesn't love rice cakes?"

"Nobody. It used to be served in the royal palace, you know. In ancient times. Food fit for a king and his court."

Now that sounded enticing.

On another note, who was talking? Jaune turned his head.

Jinu, demon boy band front man, had taken the seat next to him. The demon poured himself a glass of soju wine, before placing his bottle at the center of the table for everyone to share. An elbow propped on the table surface, he lounged in an enviably casual fashion as if he had always been part of the group.

Recognition dawned for Bobby and he gasped. "You're Jinu! Of the Saja Boys!"

"In the flesh," answered the demon. He adopted a gentle mien, a hand over his heart. "And it is my honest joy to meet a fan."

"Oh, I'm not a fan," Bobby denied with a shake of his head. "The girls were very clear that I am not allowed to be your fan… Great debut, by the way. I watched the video, like, a bajillion times!" He pulled out a notepad, flipping quickly to an empty page. "Can I get an autograph? Right here, thank you. Use my pen."

A giddy squee escaped the thirty-something's throat as Jinu obliged the request, penning a message and signing his name with a flourish. The demon returned the notepad with both hands, an oddly respectful gesture.

"Here, for my not-fan." Jinu finished it with a playful wink.

As Bobby stowed the notepad away, Jaune and Jinu shared a look, holding a conversation with their eyes. Since they were not mind readers, it boiled down to Jaune glaring as hard as he could at the demon and Jinu showing a placid gaze in turn, hoping the intent got across.

I'm stabbing you.
Settle down, snack.

With deliberate care, Jaune changed his grip on the chopsticks, the utensils now poised to drive into Jinu's eye at the first overt sign of aggression. Seeing that, Jinu raised his hands in mock surrender.

The byplay continued on as an oblivious Bobby drew the table into a discussion on the Saja Boys' street performance that morning. He worked in the entertainment industry or something similar, and had a lot of offhand, yet incisive, advice for Seoul's newest superstar sensation. On the other side of the conversation was the fact that his responsibilities involved acting through his ever-present phone against Jinu, and he admitted that right to the guy's face. The stocky man seemed to be tapped into all the happenings on social media, and watching him play public opinion like a piano was a lesson in the liar's art to take to heart.

Delay, distract, defend. The golden trifecta of PR management for an organization under fire. Jaune didn't get much of the whys and wherefores behind this media campaign, but it was an education nevertheless.

He got the chance to put it into practice within the hour. As the tteokbokki, a dish of chewy rice cakes simmered in sauce, and a bottle of plum soju wine arrived at the table, the three men dug in. Immediately, Jinu choked on the food.

"Gack—ahuurgh!"

After a beat, Bobby shot out of his seat to take action. Jaune did not, because if a soulsucker died in purely accidental circumstances? Oops.

"Jinu! Are you okay, buddy?" Bobby called out, trying to slap the demon on the back to dislodge the morsel.

Rather than spitting out the food, Jinu waved Bobby off, miming through desperate gestures that that wasn't the problem. Tears streaming down his face, his eyes bulging, the demon chewed on the rice cake with an expression of torturous agony. Finally, he managed to swallow. His hands then shot out for the soju bottle, forgoing a cup as he gulped down the contents at prompt speed.

Slamming the bottle onto the table, Jinu wheezed for breath.

"Why—" He covered his mouth with a fist, suppressing a burp. Jaune used that moment to snap a picture with his scroll of the demon sporting a frog-eyed look, and resolved to figure out how to post that on the inter-net later, because PR mattered. "Why is it so spicy!?" Jinu cried.

"Tastes fine to me," Jaune said, picking up another piece. The hot sauce drenching the rice cakes held a certain charm he found difficult to explain. A bite of it, and he felt compelled to sip at the plum soju, the sweetness of which then encouraged him to go for more of the spicy snack. They formed a perfect combination.

"Same here," said Bobby as he retook his seat. He bit into his rice cake with relish, and leveled an amused gaze at Jinu. "Have you ever eaten tteokbokki before? Be honest, it's not at all childish if you haven't."

Jinu rubbed at his puffy eyes. "Yes, I've eaten it, and a proper tteokbokki is simmered in soy sauce, not… this! Can somebody please tell me what is the obsession with spicy food nowadays?"

The question drew an intrigued look from Bobby. "Soy sauce? My grandfather loved that version of the dish. He always complains that things went downhill for Korean cuisine after the fifties. I didn't take you for the old-fashioned type, although I can see the quirk working for you. The fans will go wild for it."

How long did demons live, Jaune wondered. Jinu had made a comment that the dish was once served within the royal palace. It now sounded like first-hand experience.

The episode soon passed from their minds, Jinu's embarrassment blunted after a couple more rounds of drinks. For the sake of the culinary-impaired demon, the subsequent plates they ordered fell on the milder side, even if it did not pair so well with soju.

As it often transpired when guys got together, and it seemed demons were no exception in this, conversation drifted toward the subject of the women in their lives. It began with Jaune recounting of Lisa's antics during their time as cohabitants, from her impaling the wall of the apartment with his sword to the disastrous incident where she, relying on her new state of fitness, attempted to practice parkour using the furniture and an instruction video on her laptop. Jinu, in a clear challenge, followed up on it with a story about a stalker almost impaling him with a sword.

Bobby mentioned a group of girls he knew that crashed the company's private airplane into a government-owned conservation area, winning the crown then and there. His prize was a bottle of peach soju, magnanimously shared among the three.

Back and forth they went, the hours passing in a boisterous mood. Once the many tales of bedlam and destruction ran dry, Jinu changed track to 'complain' about the girl who entered a private sauna when he was inside, sounding oh so smug about it. Jaune had to roll his eyes at that because he knew the true circumstances behind the tall tale, but it didn't stop him from firing back with one of his own to kick off a brief, albeit heated, exchange as he and Jinu tried to one-up each other in regard to their experiences with that sort of thing.

It was deep, deep into the night by the time they exited the pocha tent.

Jaune's palm met that of Bobby, then the back of their hands collided. A series of complicated movements later culminated in a finger snap and them shooting finger guns at one another.

"Reeeally?" Jinu asked them, judgment in his eyes. "You have a secret handshake?"

In answer, Bobby turned to him, wiggling his hand in offer. Jinu sighed and proceeded to mimic a pretty spot-on rendition of the ritual. Then, the same took place between him and Jaune.

Midway, the demon leaned in and whispered, "Thirty seconds headstart, go."

"Here's an idea: I'll just lop off your head until you go away," Jaune fired back.

"I'm stubborn."

"So am I."

"Guys?" said Bobby from the sideline, giving them an odd look.

Demon and Huntsman both put on a bright smile, and waved. "Bye, Bobby!"

And as Jaune ran into the night with a demon giving chase, he thought that if this was the life he would lead in this world, then Seoul might not be a bad place to live in.


-o-​


Seoul was a bad place to live in!

Yet again, Jaune leapt high in the air to avoid the demonic security force. At the height of the jump, he stole another few seconds of hang time by activating the rocket boots, spinning round and round as he searched for Tattletale. In his hand, the handgun-like Olfactory Sensor beeped and whined, the bars on the screen oscillating.

The entire time, the Saja Boys proceeded with their concert. The stadium at Namsan Tower was packed with tens of thousands of people, all going "Saja, Saja" in a trance, and the demon boy band was beguiling the masses with their voices to keep them pacified even as a giant, sentient bonfire grew larger and larger.

It annoyed Jaune how in this situation he was still enjoying the performance. He knew he shouldn't, since it seemed to be heralding the end times, yet the song refused to get out of his head. It held an almost hypnotic quality, and he wasn't talking about the brainwashing effect hitting everybody right now. The dance moves meshed with the scary costumes in a way that he felt was plain unfair. Seriously, these guys were evil, but they were good.

The tracker tool emitted a sharp note. He followed the direction it pointed, and zeroed in on the girl he was looking for clear on the other side of the stadium. She wore the same blank face as the people around her and stood way too close to the inferno for Jaune's comfort, the purple flames of the bonfire cast her in its eerie glow.

His boots started to sputter, heating up to an uncomfortable degree as the batteries ran into the safety limit. In the seconds before he dropped out of the sky, Jaune looked for a spot to land. The crush of bodies forced his hands, and he touched down on the long, y-shape traverse stage extending from the main platform. Here, there was no cover, no hiding. He stood facing the fiery visage of the demon king Gwi-Ma.

The flames smiled at him. It was not a nice smile.

"My, does your soul shine."

Jaune cursed, sensing what would come next. He had been largely overlooked by Gwi-Ma these past couple of weeks, at least according to what Jinu let slip. No such luck, now. Direct sight has brought his Aura into focus, meaning it might not be long before the demon king noticed the two other beacons of light hidden amidst the sea of souls populating the stadium—the trapped Tattletale, and Escha who was on the same rescue mission as him.

One thing has been made clear to him during his time in this world. Aura tempted demons like nothing else.

"I would love to taste it."

No sooner had Gwi-Ma declared so, that portals cracked open on the stage. Demons streamed out of them, racing down the walkway.

Jaune maintained a steady calm in the face of the charge. He noted his current location and Tattletale's spot, calculating the best path between them. Along the walkway, then down one of the side wings. Two flights up the staircase would put him on the correct row. It sounded like a plan.

The only hitch to it was the hundred or so demons barreling toward him. Snarling faces filled his vision.

"I keep telling her, 'Put your [Blank] on, I've been hearing voices', but does she listen? Noooo."

Complaining all the while, he drew his sword. The demons were far less afraid of it than most people would be, safe in their knowledge that a simple hunk of steel posed no threat to them. He had no song to empower it with.

Which was why he watched the approaching demons with a careful eye. As the first one came into range, he snapped his fingers and pointed at it.

"Dokkaebi," he identified.

A fistful of red beans appeared in his hand, and he tossed it at the demon. At once, the monster recoiled from the beans, shrieking as if they were spiders and not legumes. In that moment of distraction, Jaune threw a roundhouse kick to its right side.

That detail was very important. The right side.

The demon crashed to the ground in agony, incapacitated even if it could not be killed. The momentum of the creatures behind it caused them to trip over the flailing body, resulting in a pileup that stalled out the horde.

Jaune grinned.

"Beacon taught it best. You have to know your monsters."

A demon climbed over its brethren, glaring balefully down at him. Pale as a ghost, it seemed to exist in a constant state of drowning, droplets of water falling from its long and stringy hair.

"Fool! Let's see that work on me!" it hissed at him.

"It wouldn't," Jaune replied, stepping forward. "Not for a water demon. Your kind doesn't have a specific weakness."

The demon laughed a high, cruel laugh.

That stopped when a glass jar materialized in front of the demon's face, the monster blinking in confusion at the sight. A split second later, Jaune's fist punched through the glass and smashed into the demon's nose. Pale fire thereafter erupted, the demon screaming in pain.

"But, you know what? I came prepared for that!"


Holy Water
Universe: Konosuba: God's Blessing on This Wonderful World!
Blessed by Aqua, the goddess of water herself. Anathema to the unnatural, lukewarm water to everybody else.
Remember her tenets:
1. Never let demons and undead live.
2. Eris pads her chest.
Now, go forth and spread her message.


The world that the item came from had caught his eye back when he was browsing for answers to the demon question. A few tests showed it was good enough for hunting work, in that it burned demons with the efficacy one would find in a vat of acid… and he had more where that came from.

A new jar popped out of his Pocket, and Jaune inched closer to the suddenly uncertain band of demons. One of them tried to shove the demon beside it forward. That became moot as he sprinted at them, roaring his new battlecry.

"Holy water, holy water, holy water, holy water, holy water, holy water, holy water, holy water, holy water, holy hell why are there so many of yoooooou—!"

Jaune raced out of the melee with the demons on his heels, because as it turned out, he hadn't brought that much holy water.

His Aura began ticking down, the demons he couldn't kill sucking away bits of his soul in passing. As he ran, he rang up another order on the Company scroll, and swept his sword through the delivery box as it appeared, smashing apart the glass jar to coat the steel in holy water.

The blade sliced into a demon to dispatch it for good. The next one met the same fate. It worked less well on the third, requiring a new coating. Still, he had a process going to grant him passage all the way to the center of the 'Y', where he ignored the bonfire to advance down the offshoot walkway. Priorities.

He heard the telltale swooshing noise of teleporting demons. The Saja Boys have left the main platform to take up residence on the traverse stage, with the one called Baby then launching into a rap solo.

Jaune happened to pass by Jinu along his path, close enough that either could have reached out and struck the other. Their gazes met, blue to yellow.

Jinu looked away first, and Jaune moved on without a word. Because what the fuck were you supposed to do with a traitor that might have become a friend?

A question he didn't know the answer to, and didn't want to know. Jaune shoved it aside to climb the steps leading to Tattletale.

She barely acknowledged him once he got to her. A dazed flicker of the eyes before turning back to the concert, and not much else. Thinking fast, his solution was to shove a Piero's Remedy between her lips. The label touted a clear mind, after all.

It seemed to bear an effect. Tattletale stumbled, reaching out to grab onto him for balance. She turned this way and that for a brief moment, then clutched her head.

"Wha-Jaune? Who's talking—"

Oh dear. Gwi-Ma still had his hooks in there.

"Tattletale, Lisa, listen to me. Turn on [Blank] right now."

That did it. Tattletale fully returned to herself, which was to say she panicked as she remembered in dawning horror what had happened to her. For whatever reason, she looked at him, and he could have sworn he saw guilt in her eyes.

He raised her chin. "Lisa, focus. We need a plan. Put that mind of yours to work and figure out how we're going to help these people."

It had stuck with him, the thought of what next after this step. Problem was, he had run down the list of options and found no real avenue forward. What even was the threat? A fire? A god? He needed the power of the Honmoon.

And he had it.

The stage grew dark but for a single light. Gwi-Ma growled, and Jaune followed its glare to a figure standing at the stadium entrance.

Rumi had resurfaced from wherever she disappeared to, and suddenly Jaune didn't feel so hopeless about this anymore. That feeling grew as she began to sing, her words replacing the Saja Boys' crooning.

Light shone from elsewhere in the stadium, and he noticed for the first time that Mira and Zoey stood among the audience. The implications of that spelled nothing good, but he took heart as they seemed to wake up from the trance.

"Okay. Okay!" Jaune said, thinking. "The pieces are coming together. We have a shot."

Tattletale did not give a reply. Jaune turned to her, and saw her shrinking back.

"I…"

"Lisa?" Jaune leaned down, looking her in the eye. "What's wrong?"

"He took over my mind…" Tattletale sounded as if the comment had ripped away all her strength.

The mind control had hit her hard, Jaune realized. Harder than it would for him, an instinctual terror born of growing up hearing the horror stories. Her mind was her weapon, her armor, her confidence. To lose it in a blink, it was a fate comparable to death.

"It's alright," he said. His sword vanished, and he held Tattletale with both his hands. "It will be alright."

She shook her head, and in this moment, she resembled nothing so much as a scared teenager in over her head.

"Tattletale, steady. This isn't the worst you've faced. You got this."

Her lips wobbled. She shifted to hide behind his bulk from Gwi-Ma's flames. It was little more than an illusion of safety, but it allowed her to muster the nerves to actually speak.

"He's…He knows everything. Everything. He's a god. A monster. We have to escape." Her voice cracked. "Now."

"The others are here."

Rage, induced by terror, flashed by her face. "So!?"

"I can't leave them—"

Tattletale turned pale as a ghost. Her grip on his arm strengthened. "Then you're going to leave me?"

"No," he replied sharply. Hearing the sound of clashing, he glanced back over his shoulder. The three demon hunters have engaged a new wave of demons, one magnitudes bigger than the wave he battled previous.

They sang in the face of death, and it would be death. The numbers arrayed against them increased with the passing seconds.

Jaune turned back to Tattletale. "Come on, we can't run." Tattletale refused to listen, or let him go. He licked his lips, and spoke again. "Look, you don't think I'm scared?"

She shook her head a second time.

His answer to that was short and sweet. "Ha."

"But… you're you," Tattletale refuted with a lost expression.

He got her point, crude and hurtful as it sounded. He was Jaune Arc. Too dumb to understand fear. Impulsive to the point of fighting Endbringers and armies. The absolute fool.

Huntrix sang their song, and it resonated to the core of his very soul. He closed his eyes, letting the music crash over him as a tide.

"I'm a liar, I'm a coward," he echoed, a confession to the world. He opened his eyes. "I pretend, Lisa. Well enough that I could trick you, because I have to believe it myself."

After all, a hero was brave. A hero was strong.

"It's odd, though. I want to kill my fear, but I always find a new reason to be afraid." He squeezed her tighter, their foreheads touching together. "And that's why… I'm always going to charge back in there. Hang tight, Lisa."

He let her go, summoning his armaments. A scan of the battlefield for where he would do the most good, and he was on the move.

As he left, he felt a shove on his back, pushing him onward.

Elsewhere and a few minutes from then, an angry demon king pushed to the brink manifested his wrath as a gout of eldritch fire. It slammed down upon the target of his ire, and would have ended her life if not for a repentant demon getting in the way of the attack.

Rumi gazed upon Jinu, and tears filled her eyes.

"Jinu? Jinu, stay with me! You can't die!"

The demon gave a gentle chuckle. "Heh. I'll be with you. Always. You gave me back my soul, and now, I… I… Wait, how come I don't feel hot anymore?"

"You still are!"

"No, I mean hot hot. But thank you."

Jinu turned to look over his shoulder. Rumi leaned to the side for a better view.

Jaune, clad in fire-resistance armor, held his shield high to block the flames of Gwi-Ma, steady in the face of annihilation. His arm groaned and creaked, but a flash of light, and he held firm.

"Sorry to barge into your moment," he said. "Are you on our side now, Jinu? When did that happen?"

Also, if Jinu wasn't, then Jaune was totally going to let the shield drop and jump out of the way.

"H-How?" Jinu asked. "Gwi-Ma's flames—"

"It's not all that."

"They don't just burn flesh, they penetrate into your soul!" the demon snapped, incredulity written across his face. "Ripping apart your thoughts! Wiping away your mind!"

He cheated, that was how. "I, uh, I took lessons," Jaune lied. "Never you mind that, does anyone here have a plan to kill him?"

"Why do you think I was trying to hand my soul over to Rumi, fool? It might not have counted for much, but it should have increased the strength of her soul and her connection to the Honmoon to give her a better chance!"

Hold up. Pause.

"It can work like that?" He twisted his neck to an uncomfortable angle to look at Rumi."The Honmoon works like that?" The pop idol nodded. "Oh. Then, we're in business."

And he shoved his free hand in Rumi's face.

"For it is in…"

Power blazed forth from Rumi once he was done, her Aura almost clear as glass. The sword she wielded grew three sizes, and the woman spent a brief instant just marveling at the ease with which she lifted the heavy blade.

"Do you think you can do something with that?" Jaune asked.

Rumi checked over herself, performing some sparkly, swooshy things with her Aura that Jaune was pretty sure shouldn't be possible. In the end, a toothy smile full of confidence was her answer.

"Heh. Heheh. That's great, Rumi. I'm glad it worked out," said Jinu with a satisfied expression, before he slumped to the floor of the stage. Rumi dove for him, holding him in her arms as Jinu hacked and coughed.

"W-What? Jinu, what's wrong?"

"I'm sorry," said the demon, heaving for breath. "The blast—Agh!—the blast took a lot more out of me than I let on."

"Why didn't you say anything?" Rumi cried.

"Didn't… Didn't want to worry you. Needed to know you'll be okay." The demon groaned, his face twisted into a rictus of pain. "Like I said, his attack burns the soul. Looks like… this is it…"

Jaune watched over the scene with solemn dignity. Within his head was a different matter.

Had he really made that entrance just to arrive too late?

Uhhhh. Oops?

No. No, he could still fix this. Demons had souls, right? The man said it himself, he was about to pass his soul to Rumi like spare clothing. That changed things. A way forward remained open.

Jaune backhanded Jinu to interrupt the moment between the two singers. Again.

An abbreviated chant later, Jinu shone with a golden color. More importantly, he appeared fit as a fiddle compared to his previous state. Jaune patted him on the back in congratulations.

"There we go. You're welcome."

Jinu leveled a deadpan gaze at him. Indecipherable thoughts passed over his face. Then, he deliberately coughed into his hand.

"Oh… Ohhh… cough, cough," said Jinu in monotone. "I'm not going to make it…"

Rumi shoved him in a halfhearted manner.

"Quit it, you big baby. Sorry you didn't get to make your big sacrifice, but I'm happy with this."

Rumi looked up at Gwi-Ma, and her eyes gleamed with determination.

"Now, let's take Gwi-Ma down!"

-o-​

As Jaune reminisced of an epic battle, that night's dinner took shape in front of him. Noodles as a main dish, inspired by a few recipes he had the pleasure of recently tasting. Grilled cuts of meat—or rather, the parts of a chicken that was not meat—that hopefully won't poison them all. And, rice cakes simmered in a spicy sauce.

In the midst of cooking, he heard Lisa, who was on the couch playing with Escha, singing under her breath.

"But dive into the fire~" she sang.

Jaune raised his voice. "And I'll be right there by your side~"

A laugh, and Lisa leapt off the couch as Jaune spun around with a ladle held like a microphone, the song's next line on their lips.

Even if they weren't the best singers, their voices combined made for a pretty okay song.


Universe: Kpop Demon Hunters.
Location: Seoul City. Event: Broken Honmoon.
Loot: Huntrix merch, Saja Boys merch, chart-topping playlist of songs


-o-​


Within the Void, a strange and heretofore unknown phenomenon was occurring.

The lovely voice of a girl, singing. Silver hair bounced and swished in an energetic manner as she danced upon an imaginary stage.

"Gonna be, gonna be Golden~!"

If the Outsider could feel annoyed… Well, he wouldn't. What a novel sight in this dark, dark place. A lonely corner of the world, shining bright.

Golden, almost.


Author's Notes: Is JaunexJinu the real OTP?
Last edited: Nov 11, 2025
Stories:
QQ Sneaking His Way into the Multiverse , a RWBY Jaune, WC-lite mechanics story.
Other RWBY stories on AO3 or FF - Yakuza Arc | Conquered Menagerie: Annals of the Sixth Kingdom | Cat, Bunny, and the Good Ship Honey Starbright | The Agent
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Arkan10, Amdiranifani and 652 others
LazyAutumnMoon
Nov 9, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 55: Cat, Bunny, and… Wait, No, Not That One
View content
LazyAutumnMoon
LazyAutumnMoon
We all need Sundancer in our life.
JoinedJun 7, 2024
Messages289
Likes received68,284
Nov 17, 2025
Add bookmark
#4,357
Chapter 55: Cat, Bunny, and… Wait, No, Not That One​


"What are those things?"

The words, spoken in what the speaker must have thought a low tone, carried on the wind to reach many ears. Similar questions sparked up and down the city street.

"Naked mole rats? Elephants?"

"Can't be. They're the wrong size on both counts."

"That one's a fox. She smiles like one."

"Careful there. You're profiling."

"Maybe they're pandas."

A brief lull followed the comment, as if everybody was looking at the speaker.

"Wiiith a bad trim? What? It happens. Goes to show how people should always go to their kind of barber."

"There's no way they're shaved pandas. You're an idiot."

"Have you ever seen one?"

"Well, no—"

"Aha! I rest my case. More importantly, though…"

"Are they prey?"

"Or predator?"

Such whispers surrounded Jaune as he strolled down the block. He tried to not let it get to him, striving to see things from their point of view. Confusion colored those comments, rather than outright hostility. Perhaps a touch of fear, too, but not to the level where he should be concerned. Yet.

The thought occurred to him that this might be what a faunus experienced, sometimes. How the tables have turned, with just a small change.

"I think I prefer Rapture," he said, casting another glance at the buildings and roads. The city resembled Vale, somewhat. Perfectly ordinary, in most ways.

Beside him, Tattletale walked with near silent footsteps. The girl looked at him, and scoffed. "The place was a hellhole."

"I'm talking about what it could have been," he clarified. "Ignore for a moment the psychos, the cracked and leaking glass windows that's the only thing keeping the ocean from drowning the city, the psychos in diving suits, the powers that give you cancer, the megalomaniacal psychos, the mind control experiments, and all the other stuff."

Tattletale gave him a deadpan stare. That was a lot to put aside, Jaune would admit.

"In its heyday, the city must have looked quite something," he said.

Rapture was one man's vision, and what a vision. The haunting beauty of the underwater city remained with him, even now. City lights banishing the darkness of the ocean floor. Coral reefs growing alongside highrise buildings. Schools of fish swimming past the viewing window of a lonely upscale private lounge. He could spend a lifetime just staring at it all.

Not to mention the many, many vending machines that the team broke into, as teenage delinquents were wont to do. None of them partook of the needles promising superpowers, because even teenage delinquents shouldn't do that. Selling the lot earned them a tidy sum.

Here, he beheld neither beauty nor profits—at least not outside the norm.

"I'll grant you that," Tattletale remarked. "It was sorta pretty." A pondering expression stole over her face. "And those Vita-Chambers were… interesting."

She fell quiet afterward, and they continued walking along.

A little ahead of the pair, Escha skipped her way down the street. For her, Jaune was giving this world a chance. Dressed in clothes purchased not long ago that she sometimes tug at, she blended in with the local denizens to a startling degree now that they have moved beyond the first frantic hour of finding her things to wear. A wave here, a cry of "Hello!" there, she took to the city like a native.

Nobody batted an eye at her presence, despite her being a walking and talking cat. After all, everyone around them was an animal of some kind.

Every species. Too many species. Llamas exited a department store laden with shopping bags, almost colliding with hyenas in suits rushing back to work from lunch, the commotion watched on by koala children clinging to a playground jungle gym. Cars traveled in two directions, a mammalian face behind each windshield. Horses pointed at him, discussing what manner of creature he was behind their hooves.

A hippo in a polo shirt passing by bumped into him.

"Watch it, freak," the hippo growled, lumbering off.

Surreal.

"You know, I just realized. It's possible that humans don't exist here," he said idly.

"No, duh, genius," Tattletale snapped in a waspish tone of voice. She hadn't taken to this world well. "Nothing we've seen is ideally shaped for humans. The doors, the sidewalks, the cars. They're either too big or too small."

"Right…" Jaune came to a stop, and peered up at the tall, blocky building in front of him. "Let's hope this hotel has rooms that can fit us, then."

Finding accommodation turned out to be a real ordeal this time around, because hotels here came in different sizes. Sure, they 'accepted all customers', but when the door measured half as high and wide as him, Jaune didn't feel very accepted. The building before him ran the other way, the steps leading up to the entrance twice the height as he was used to. A family of porcupines were struggling to climb them while hauling their luggage.

After putting those luggage on the top steps, Jaune moved to the entrance. He had just placed his hand on the door handle when he heard a shout.

"Help! Help! She's gone savage!"

He spun around, nerves and focus shooting up to a state of battle-ready alert. His eyes darted up and down the street. Further back the way he came, he spotted a familiar hippo huffing and puffing as he ran. Behind him, a coyote gave chase, racing on all fours with her teeth baring in an absolutely bloodthirsty expression. Despite the repeated cries for help, the people nearby either froze where they stood or cleared a wide berth in a panic.

Some of his concern bled off, and Jaune relaxed a tad.

"That hippo's got a few hundred pounds on the coyote. He could save himself by falling over…"

A white blur sped past him during his musings. Escha had made no assessment of the situation, didn't care for matchups and advantages. As the coyote leapt for the hippo's back, she found a fluffy furball smashing into her face with full felyne fury, bringing her to the ground with paw punches that had the coyote seeing stars. A boomerang, pulled out from a jacket pocket too small to have fit the weapon, followed up the combo, bonking the coyote on the head to knock her out. In mere seconds, Escha stood victorious over her opponent.

Jaune offered her a high-five (or, to him, a low-five) as he walked up to the scene.

"Nice takedown, Escha," he said.

Escha beamed, lightly slapping his hand.

A sobbing hippo barged between them, knocking Jaune over and sending him rolling along the ground. By the time Jaune raised his head, the hippo had grabbed Escha's paw in both his hands… front feet… appendages, and was shaking it up and down, lifting Escha into the air with the motion.

"Thank you, thank you, thank you! You saved my life!"

Jaune thought it rather overblown for a problem that the hippo could have solved had he not been such a scaredy-cat, but the actual cat here seemed to grow several inches taller as she basked in the gratitude, so he kept his comments out of it. Instead, he moved toward the coyote to ensure there would be no round two.

Tattletale was there, also. The girl knelt beside the unconscious body, curiosity clear on her face.

"Huh…"

"What is it?" he asked, squatting down beside her.

Tattletale shook her head. "No, I'm just surprised. This coyote is a florist. I can practically smell all the bouquets she arranged today. Her clothes suggest mild manners and conservative tastes."

"Not the first person to come to mind as a rabid killer, then?"

"Not even for a minute. I'd expect something less obvious than an attack in broad daylight from that type. Poisoner, maybe." She furrowed her brow. "There's blood on her fur."

Jaune looked where Tattletale directed him. Specks of blood, not much, dappled a spot at the back of the coyote's neck.

"Escha wasn't responsible for that," he said. "She was landing punches to the front."

Tattletale brushed the fur aside, and brought her face close to the coyote for a better view. "I see a raised dot on the skin. It matches what one would get from a needle. That bruising—high velocity impact, shot from a distance. She didn't get this from a doctor's office."

"Might be a tranquilizer dart," he suggested.

"Certainly didn't work," Tattletale muttered. "No, if we consider the timing, it would have done the opposite. Whatever drug the needle held riled her up into this state. She pulled it out in a panic, hence the blood. Then…"

"She went ballistic," Jaune finished for her.

Now, that was a bit more worrying than random street violence. Chemicals that turned regular people into killers sounded like a movie plot.

Like a conspiracy.

He pushed to his feet. "I think we've found the event."

"A part of it, at least," Tattletale agreed.

With the danger passed, bystanders began to congregate. They shifted nearer and nearer to the group, never quite willing to get close to the 'savage' coyote, but too nosy to stay away.

"Did you see that?"

"You mean the way the cat moved? It was amazing!"

"Cheetahs are faster."

"At that size? And look at how she beat down that coyote. Strength of an ox."

"Mom! Mom! She's like a superhero!"

Indeed, Escha had, once again from her seemingly bottomless pockets, produced a domino mask. Jaune always assumed she threw it out after their stint as capes in Brockton Bay, yet there the felyne stood with the mask placed over her eyes, turning this way and that to wave at the spectators.

Envy grew as Jaune realized that Escha was getting the chance to live his dream of masked vigilantism.

Sirens sounded, signaling the arrival of the police. People dove aside as squad car after squad car poured into the vicinity. Officers streamed out of the vehicles, and soon the bulky frames of tigers, bears, rhinos, and a dozen other species surrounded them.

…Why did they have their guns out?



-o-​

​

"...I must reiterate that this city is no place for crazy kooks in masks taking the law into their own hands. They present a clear and present danger to the good people of Zootopia, spreading panic that would disturb the peace.

"If you have information on the whereabouts of this 'Meowsterious Cato Cat' that may lead to their arrest, we urge you to come forward, or leave an anonymous tip by calling…"

"Well, dang," Jaune said, turning off the radio. "This was not what I expected to happen once we gave our statements to the police."

Tattletale, sitting on the parapet wall of the apartment rooftop they were currently on, let out a huff of laughter. "Oh, you sweet summer child. Why would you think that it would end any other way? That there is a person out there solving problems means that there is a problem. Remove the person, and—poof! —no problem."

That was not at all how reality worked, but he got the point Tattletale was making. Superheroes sometimes gave the police a bad look, shining spotlights on crime that the officers had failed, or were unable, to prevent. In an ideal world, the two forces would work together. In Zootopia, the law preferred to maintain the status quo.

The end of that evening's incident had devolved into a chase, with the team forced to find a different place of lodging on the outskirts of the Savanna Central District. The rundown apartment building with peeling wallpaper asked no questions beyond 'where's the money', which suited their purpose fine enough. Gold spoke softly, but carried far.

"I'm not a crazy kook," Escha grumbled. She, like Jaune, stood on the edge of the roof. Windy gusts whipped her fur into a mess, and she peered out over the city from behind her mask, striking an appropriately valiant pose (for a cat).

Jaune leaned down to pat her on the back. "No, you are not. You're a superhero now. Ready to start your training?"

The felyne perked up, grievances forgotten as she rapidly nodded her head.

"Good. Let us begin."

Jaune adopted a wise look, or near enough. Events had pushed him into the mentor role, and while he had little experience as a masked crusader, comic books and his life thus far lent a certain familiarity with what the job entailed.

"You have the heroic pose down already, so I'll skip that for the moment—we can get back to it later to account for different scenarios. What I'm going to go over with you right now is even more crucial: your landing strategy."

"Jaune?"

He waved at Tattletale, indicating that she should leave whatever she wanted for later.

"It is especially important for you. Cats always land on their feet, so cat-themed heroes have to be capable of the same. From any height."

"Jaune?"

Escha slapped her paw to her forehead in a salute. "I'm ready, ready!"

"Escha? Jaune?"

"Remember, it's not just a matter of hitting the ground and living. You have to look cool while doing it. In fact, that's the top priority. The three-point landing is classic, but there are a number of… of…"

Jaune trailed off, staring into the distance. His eyes widened as time went on and he recognized what he was looking at.

Above the city skyline, a beam of light pierced the night sky. It blared a picture, a symbol, to all corners of Zootopia. A round head with vertical-slitted eyes, and two triangular ears, to create an unmistakable outline.

Jaune peered down at the felyne, and she peered back at him. Squatting to match her level, he put his hand on her shoulder.

Two hours in, and Escha had a Cat-Signal.

"Escha, you've made it."



-o-​

​

The police station was a grand edifice of glass and stone, decorated with green spaces atop its roof. A searchlight sat in one corner, still beaming its message despite the building having gone dark for the night. Escha led the team in approaching the apparatus.

They found a small figure pacing back and forth near the light, done for so long that a shallow groove had dug into the grass. Long, pointy ears sprouted above her head, and they twitched and flopped in time with each half-hop, half-footstep the person took. She wore the same police uniform of those that tried to arrest them earlier, raising Jaune's suspicions. Yes, that was the part that he had a problem with.

"A bunny?" said Escha, focusing on a different detail.

Said person stopped in her tracks, turning to the group. Her pink nose snuffled, and on instinct, Jaune recoiled. Crocea Mors appeared and vanished in the blink of an eye.

"Who—Oh—OH!" The bunny caught sight of Escha. "Yes, that's me. I'm the one that put up the searchlight. Judy Hopps. Hi."

Judy Hopps struck a confident pose, chest puffed out. Undercutting it was the fact that she vibrated in place, full of nervous energy.

Escha replied to the gesture in kind. Paws on her hips, she grandly declared, "Lo, citizen. You stand be-fur the Meowsterious Cato Cat. State your business, so that I may enact… justice!"

A short distance behind her, Jaune nudged Tattletale with his elbow.

"I taught her that," he said under his breath.

Tattletale rolled her eyes. "Yes, I know. I was there. Why, of all the things you could have done on our way over here, did you choose to show her how to be a ham actor?"

"A hero does more than punch bad guys."

It seemed to have had an effect on the police officer, in any case. Shedding her jitteriness, Judy Hopps… hopped from one foot to the other, beside herself with glee.

"Wooow! I'm honored to meet you, ma'am—Cato Cat." She zipped forward to shake Escha's hand. Jaune took a big step back. "I've heard so much about your long and storied career." She peeked behind Escha. "And you're the shaved pandas everyone is talking about! Wooow!"

"I… my what?" said Escha, thrown off-balanced.

Jaune chimed in, "Wait, back up. What long and storied career?"

They'd get to the second part of her comment later.

Out of a tiny pocket on her uniform, Judy Hopps retrieved a tiny phone. A few taps on the button and she turned the screen so it was visible to them. Boy, girl, and cat leaned forward, squinting their eyes to read the bunny-sized display.

Tattletale soon gave a long sigh, massaging her temples.

"Of fucking course. People are idiots."

Oblivious, Judy Hopps gushed, "Ever since you stepped out of the shadows, reports about your exploits are surfacing from all over the place. I haven't even heard about half these incidents."

Try one hundred percent, judging by what Jaune was reading. Among the common populace, rumors abounded at the speed of light on Zootopia's newest—or perhaps he should say, oldest—superhero. People were swearing up and down that they had seen, been saved, or, and Jaune didn't know why anybody would tell this lie, been defeated in the middle of committing a crime by the Meowsterious Cato Cat. An entire backstory had formed surrounding Escha's past, dating to almost a century centering on either an immortal hero or a (nonexistent) cape passed down through the generations, complete with an equally 'meowsterious archnemeowsis' orchestrating events in Zootopia from the shadows. Debates raged between detractors who stressed her status as a wanted person and believers in the moral weight of her mission.

Once again, Jaune patted Escha on the shoulder.

"Escha, you've hit the big leagues."

"But I haven't done anything!" the cat whispered in his ear while glancing at Judy Hopps.

"Sure you did. You gave them hope that there's someone out there fighting the good fight. That's like Lesson Number Ten in my (made up) hero course curriculum. You're a day away from graduation."

She stopped short, blinking. "Really?"

"Yup. Nice job."

Escha squirmed with happiness from the praise. Jaune gave a chuckle, and turned his attention back to the bunny.

"I'm amazed they uncovered so much." Yes, he was absolutely running with this. "Which begs the question: how come a police officer wanted to meet a dangerous vigilante instead of arresting her?... Actually, before that, how did you make the signal so quickly in the first place?"

Judy froze. Her eyes darted to the side, sending a guilty look toward the searchlight, and the group followed suit. Laid atop the contraption were pieces of curtain cloth, cut up and sewn in the shape of the symbol they saw in the sky.

"Eheheh. Heh." The bunny scratched her cheek, displaying a shaky smile. "The chief probably won't miss those. I think. I hope."

"Someone thinks they're getting fired~" Tattletale sing-songed.

"I won't!" Judy insisted. "As long as I can solve this case, it will be okay, and with your help…" She looked to Escha. "I know we can do it."

Jaune saw the moment Escha made her decision. Her stance firmed, losing the last of its uncertainty.

"What do meow need help with?" the cat asked, trying her best for a booming voice.

The ecstatic Judy launched into her explanation.

In short? For the past month, predator species within Zootopia were reverting to a feral animal state, popularly termed 'going savage'. Fine one day, rabid the next. They attacked anyone and everyone.

"Mayor Lionheart kept the epidemic silent for weeks until we arrested him for imprisoning affected people in secret, but since then we haven't made any headway in the case. Nobody wants to investigate further! They say it's 'just a thing that happens', and pretend tension isn't rising between prey and predator species. And… and I'll admit that I was responsible for worsening it because of what I said at the interview, but I was wrong. We have to do something before it's too late!"

Above the two shorter members of the conversation, Jaune and Tattletale shared a glance.

Conspiracyyyy!

I called it, he mouthed to her.

No, I did, she mouthed back, bumping him with her hips.

Judy Hopps resumed her pacing. "I can't find a single clue that the chief considers actionable. He's afraid, but he also gave up hope of fixing things and that blinds him to the fact that there's a pattern here. And there is. Somehow. I haven't figured that part out either. Everybody thinks I'm paranoid." She whirled on them, a manic look on her face. "I'm not paranoid!"

One of her eyes was twitching.

Once it became clear that she had finished her spiel, Tattletale spoke up.

"Jaune, bring out the Olfactory Sensor." He did, and she took it from him, brandishing the object before Judy Hopps. "This, might be your answer. It is capable of following hours-old scents even through congested population centers, like Zootopia." Judy's jaw dropped. She beheld the device as if it were a holy relic, understanding its potential in police work. "We can use it to trace the path taken by one of these supposed victims that have gone savage, which could give us a clue on where and how they turned… if Cato Cat thinks it is a good idea."

Escha had been a little lost for a while now, enthusiastic but clueless on how to proceed. Upon hearing herself mentioned, she perked up. "It's purrfect! I agree with that plan. Good work, Tattlemeow!"

Tattlemeow grinned, overlooking her new title (Jaune won't). "Doing my best for the team." She refocused on Judy. "How many people have been captured? Can you gain access to them for us to take a scent sample?"

Here, the police officer deflated. "They were taken away for the sake of everyone's safety. I'm not sure where."

"Who ordered that?" Tattletale asked suspiciously.

"Uh, mayor Bellwether? The police chief, maybe?" Judy sounded unsure, one foot worrying against the ground.

"Hmmm. Investigate them, anyway," Tattletale advised. "For now, we will have to find a new savage animal to tag."

"Can you not say it like that, Tattletale?" Jaune asked, distinctly uncomfortable.

"Like what?"

"Nevermind. We can talk about faunus issues later."

Before they left the rooftop of the police station, Escha requested a piece of curtain fabric. Judy handed over the lot, eager to dispose of the evidence. With Jaune's and Tattletale's help, the felyne fashioned a cape from the cloth.

"Heeeelp!"

Right on time, because duty called. This city cried out for a hero.



-o-​



It didn't take long to find more people that have gone savage. Between a couple of muggings and a break-in, the Meowsterious Cato Cat stopped three feral attacks before the clock even struck midnight.

According to Judy Hopps, the incidents used to number once a week at most. It pointed to an escalating pattern that had the bunny fretting with dread.

The first specimen yielded nothing much of note. They found his home, his workplace. He lived in the central area of the city, near downtown. Signs indicated he spent his whole day in that vicinity. The second mirrored the story. In both cases, the areas where Tattletale suspected they became feral had long been swept spotless—Zootopia hired a pretty good street cleaning crew.

The third person, they traced to an alleyway. The brawny tiger thought to take a shortcut to his house from a late night snack run. He never made it home, or got to eat his pudding.

That alleyway held a needle syringe. The scent gained from it was still fresh, and led them…

"Are you s-sure it's here? This place is kind of d-dark," said Judy Hopps, peering into the partially—the suspicious mind might say hastily—bricked-over entrance to the abandoned subway.

"And s-scary," Escha added. She wrapped her new cape around her body for comfort.

Judt turned to her. "Hm?"

"Nothing. Ahem." Escha deepened her voice and straightened up. "It's nothing. Fear not, citizen, fur I shall head in first, and we will solve this case in two shakes of a cat's tail!"

Judy moved aside to allow Escha passage, in the process forcing the felyne to commit to her boast. As Escha inched her way deeper into the tunnel, the bunny squeed in a quiet voice, "So cooool!"

Jaune hurried forward to catch up to the trembling Escha, handing her his scroll with the flashlight on. It earned him a grateful nod, and he hung back afterward to walk beside Tattletale, letting Escha have the floor. She still didn't seem to like the tight confines of the passageway, but the bright illumination helped somewhat to steady her nerves.

The abandoned subway ran beneath the city, most of it below the new subway system itself. Once in a while, the whole tunnel would shake as a train raced overhead. Every time, it caused water to drip down on the group, the growing dampness of their clothes and fur not helped by the puddles of water, inches deep, splashing up due to their footsteps. Various bugs and creepy crawlies inhabiting the cracks in the wall added to the slog.

There were sounds in the darkness. Wails and groans to raise shivers up their spines. It was as if they had entered the underworld.

At one point, Tattletale shifted a step closer to murmur in his ear. "Jaune, your five o'clock."

He made a soft noise in his throat to acknowledge her instruction, and directed a subtle glance over his shoulder. As they reached a bend, he performed an abrupt dash back the way they came. Movements in the dark revealed his target, and he seized them by the neck.

"Got you!" he crowed. Strained grunts answered him, flailing limbs trying and failing to make him let go. Ignoring the pathetic blows, he hauled his captive into the light, revealing their face.

"...Tattletale, is this your long lost cousin?"

"Oh, shut up. I look nothing like that."

The fox in his grasp displayed a very familiar grin. Feigning nonchalance despite the hostility most of the group directed his way, he waved at them. At Judy Hopps, specifically.

"Hey, fancy meeting you here," said the fox, voice raspy due to the fingers wrapped around his throat.

"Nick?" Judy asked incredulously.

"That's me."

Judy stumbled nearer to the fox. "What are you doing here!?"

"Oh, you know. Was in the neighborhood. Thought I'd say hi."

"You… You said you didn't want anything to do with me anymore…"

Okay, there was a story between these two. That didn't sound like words a police officer said to a perp.

The fox averted his gaze, shrugging. "I wasn't lying. Saw you earlier, walking into a rough spot of town with a pair of shaved pandas. Figured I'd check it out."

Aaand now the bunny was getting teary. Judy wiped at her eyes, then rushed forward.

"Tall guy, bring me up!" Nick yelped, slapping Jaune on the arm. "Bring me up! Bring me up—Aw, too late," he whined and fell limp as Judy squeezed him in a hug.

To undermine his show of reluctance, he eventually returned the embrace.

"By the way, for the non-mushy types among us, there's something up ahead," the fox added after an uncomfortable silence.

"What?" Judy shouted, releasing him and spinning around.

From four different directions, the group hissed at her. "Shhhh!"

The bunny clamped her hands over her mouth, and said in a softer volume, "Sorry."

Heeding the new information, they crept forward. Well, most of the group crept forward. Jaune carried Nick by the neck for part of the way until the fox awkwardly coughed into a hand, which reminded him to let go. Barring that bit, they were working as a well-oiled machine.

The object that the fox pointed to turned out to be a subway train car, rusting and graffiti-ed, sitting in the middle of the tunnel. At first glance, it looked like an old piece of equipment left behind by the times. The music at the edge of their hearing that emanated from it suggested another story. Escha shined the scroll's flashlight onto a window, and complete darkness greeted them instead of the train car's interior.

"The dust is disturbed," Tattletale observed. "People have been here recently. Windows are covered with black tape. Needless to say, that's the kinda trick you do when you're up to no good." She pointed the Olfactory Sensor at the train car, and the graphical display went nuts. "Oh my! Who would have ever guessed? The serum driving people mad originates from there," she deadpanned.

Escha and Judy Hopps looked at one another. As one, they nodded.

""Chaaaarge!"" the two cried as they rushed the train car. The door crashed open, revealing a purple tint to the inside, then slammed shut as cat and bunny entered within.

After a beat, a far more subdued "Chaaarge…" followed from Nick, who jogged over to the train car. He slid the door aside, and politely closed it behind him to plunge the subway station into darkness again.

Screams, gunshots, and squeaky battlecries soon rose from the train car. The carriage shook on its rusty wheels, rocking from side to side.

"You're not going in?" Tattletale asked him.

"Nah," he said, crossing his arms and leaning back on a pillar to wait out the battle. "This is Escha's show. Let her have her moment."

Jaune Arc's (Fake) Hero Lesson #11: A hero did more than punch bad guys. Until it was time to punch bad guys.



-o-​

​

"Shame we never found the mastermind behind the drugmaker," Jaune said as he lounged on the couch of their otherworld apartment.

"Eh. We resolved the event." Lisa gave a casual shrug, fiddling with the Company scroll. She used her feet to shove his legs aside, vying for more couch space. "All's well that ends well."

"True."

With the lab pumping out the feral serum turned over as evidence and the sheep producing them behind bars, the spate of attacks were expected to subside. The portal had acted up soon after, signaling the end of the crisis.

The continuing battle for justice laid in the hands of Judy Hopps, police officer by day, Zootopia's newest caped crusader by night.

Suddenly, Lisa bolted upright.

"Holy crap!"

"What?"

"The drugmaker is a sheep. The new mayor who piggybacked on the chaos to get her position is a sheep. They were in it together!"

"Lisa, that's profiling. Speciesist, even."

She gave him a gimlet stare for a bit before deflating, sitting back on the couch.

"Aw, whatever. I'm definitely right, but who cares now? I'm not exactly keen on going back there."

"Is that a no go on living in Zootopia?" Not that he expected otherwise.

Lisa nodded. "It feels too much like an eternal furry convention for me to settle down in."

"A what?"

"Never mind that. What about you, Escha?"

Over by her garden, Escha put her watering can to the side. She mulled on the question, rubbing her chin with a paw. Then, she smiled.

"Humans are funny, so I want a world where there are some around."

Lisa laughed. "Glad we think alike. I'll keep that in mind."

The apartment settled back into lazy repose, each person doing their own thing. It didn't last long.

"Speaking of conventions," Lisa remarked, tapping on the scroll, "want to go to one?"

Jaune raised his head off the couch's armrest. "What do you mean?"

Lisa turned the scroll around, letting him see. It was opened to the Marketplace app, and in addition to the usual category tabs and item pictures, there now featured a new banner rolling along the top of the screen.

Advertisements in the app. Greeeat.

"There's one happening in a few days, sponsored by the Company," Lisa explained. "We can get a peek behind the curtains."



Universe: Zootopia.
Location: Zootopia. Event: Night Howlers Conspiracy.
Loot: The Meowsterious Cato Cat's superhero outfit.​



Author's Notes: Lore incoming? Sure, why not.

Finally back from my trip~
Stories:
QQ Sneaking His Way into the Multiverse , a RWBY Jaune, WC-lite mechanics story.
Other RWBY stories on AO3 or FF - Yakuza Arc | Conquered Menagerie: Annals of the Sixth Kingdom | Cat, Bunny, and the Good Ship Honey Starbright | The Agent
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:m213, Arkan10, Amdiranifani and 570 others
LazyAutumnMoon
Nov 17, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 56: Jaune and Lisa Go to the Convention (Pt. 1)
View content
LazyAutumnMoon
LazyAutumnMoon
We all need Sundancer in our life.
JoinedJun 7, 2024
Messages289
Likes received68,284
Nov 24, 2025
Add bookmark
#4,478
Chapter 56: Jaune and Lisa Go to the Convention (Pt. 1)​


Three people stood before a blank wall. Each of them had their own tells, from hair-twirling to hands clenching, which conveyed the mix of eagerness and trepidation warring within their chests. Today was the day they attended a convention. Only a few minutes remained until their designated entry time slot.

"Valuables to trade?"

"Check."

"Investigation list?"

"Check."

"Weapons?"

"Che—" Jaune fell quiet with a guilty look. Lisa paused between her questions, and looked up at him like the cat that caught the canary. Over time, she shifted to a stance of arms crossed and her foot tapping against the floor, regarding him with a half-lidded gaze.

"Jaaaune."

He raised both his hands to ward her off. "Hey, you never know when we'll need a quick (and violent) exit."

"Don't think I didn't hear that part," Lisa growled, and Jaune glanced away. "We're going to keep a low profile while we're at the convention, right? So no fighting, right?"

"Definitely. Heard you loud and clear." A pile of weaponry appeared next to him. Notably, it was missing Crocea Mors.

Lisa gave him a pointed look, before letting it go. "The rules were clear. That Company is guaranteeing neutrality and I don't wanna find out what they do to people that break it. I'm not ending up in that damn catalog."

Right. The catalog. An entire section of the Marketplace that he dared not to touch. That was another issue he didn't know what to do with. Curiosity burned, but he had a feeling he wouldn't like the answers.

Lisa looked from Jaune to Escha, who was scratching her ear. "[Blank] check."

Both of them saluted in reply. "Done."

"Good. Keep it on."

"Lisa?" Jaune asked.

"Yeah?"

"[Blank] check."

She matched his gaze for a beat too long, then huffed. "Okay, it's done now."

"I'll trust you on that." Not like he could verify it. "Just remember Jax and all those abilities he had on the scroll. I know you said the rules of the convention basically prohibit mind-controlling others in attendance, but I wouldn't put it past people to try anyway."

He kept the Company scroll open to a nifty little power called [Mind Defense] for that very purpose. It went further than the ever-reliable [Blank] that hid him from those that might target his mind to promise outright protection against all manners of mental manipulations and related methods of emotionally enthralling a person. For good measure, Lisa suggested leaving the device with Escha, in the thinking that a bad actor was sure to target him or Lisa first, but overlook the cat. One tap of the screen would free him.

As he watched faint swirls of energy forming on the wall, Jaune considered the scenario further to weigh what he could do in a matter of seconds under someone else's order. Could he truly take that risk?

"Escha, change of plans. Can you press the purchase button?" He nodded to confirm as she peered up at him. "Let's play it safe."

That meant 2,000 Points from the joint funds, but who was counting. Money well spent for peace of mind, quite literally in this case. Even Lisa did not object, and in fact she breathed a sigh of relief, her cheapskate tendencies regarding their balance dulled by concerns of being 'Mastered'.

"Got it!" said Escha, giving him a thumbs-up. "So I just… touch it?" She slapped her paw on the holographic display.

A whole lot of nothing happened, which was to be expected for such a power. Times like this, he wished the status screen wasn't stuck on a dead man's profile and instead showed his parameters. Still, drawing on his experiences with [Blank] and the Pocket, Jaune searched the depths of his thoughts for some form of trigger or dial to the new ability.

After several futile seconds, he tilted his head. "What the hey?"

"Um. Ummm!?"

Something odd was going on with Escha. She hopped up and down with her ears turned to the ground, as if trying to dislodge an object stuck in them. When that didn't work, she wiggled in place for a while, until whatever bothered her went away.

Jaune had a bad, bad feeling.

"Oho," Lisa muttered. "I had wondered."

"What is it? What's going on?" he asked.

"It was just a minor suspicion of mine, but… Whenever I buy items from the Marketplace, they appear in front of me. Not you."

It took a bit, but understanding dawned for Jaune. The assumption was one he never thought to test, whether the Company scroll belonged to him and him alone. The inventory page suggested so. Yet, the status screen seemed adamant that the scroll was owned by a dead man. Meanwhile, Lisa shopped on the Marketplace from time to time, and the delivery boxes were always sent straight to her. The difference between commodities and powers… Were there any?

"You're telling me the one among us least in danger of getting mind-controlled is now the one with defense against it?"

"Yuuup. Good thinking, Jaune." Lisa retrieved the scroll from Escha, navigating to another page. "Thanks to your brilliant plan, a maybe 2,000-Points purchase is gonna have to be a definite 10,000. And you wonder why I say to run things through me first, silly man," she rebuked, and pressed to confirm sharing the talent between them all, at four times the cost of the original ability.

Despite hiccups, he found it hard to be too upset over the outlay for what he was getting in return.

Gone were the days where Jaune Arc could be manipulated, and that was just fine in his books.

Lisa grinned.

"Let's go to a convention."


-o-


ConCon ~ Where Dreams Come True​


"They copied that straight from Disney," Tattletale complained the moment they came through the portal and saw the banner. Decked out in her supervillain costume, stylized eye at the center of her chest, she sniffed in disdain at the unoriginality on display.

Jaune did not remark on it. Never mind that he held little notion of who this Disney was, he… he had bigger problems.

In another life, one in which Jaune failed to reach the scroll in time, perhaps Jax would have gotten his last bit of revenge as Jaune joined him in the grave. It was one of those midnight thoughts to keep him awake in his bed staring at the ceiling, remembering in vivid detail how he had come so very close to the end of his tale. An upsetting what-if, and nothing more.

Except, Jax Darkphenix was standing in front of him.

Right in front of him. Jaune would recognize those unruly yet silky locks of dark hair anywhere. Blood pounded in his ears as he stared at the monster who should be long dead.

The boy was taller than Jaune, bearing a lean frame that one might call svelte if not for the compact muscles visible beneath his tight shirt. Handsome features adorned an angular face, intelligent and kind. He stood with his back turned and his head on a swivel, emerald-green eyes taking in the massive room they were standing in, oblivious to Jaune standing behind him.

The perfect position for a stabbing.

Tattletale caught his hand as it formed an empty-handed sword grip. She hissed at him, "What are you doing?"

The interruption caused Jaune to lose his chance. Jax proceeded down the ramp of the futuristic portal serving as entrance and exit to the convention. His footsteps rang out on the cold metal as he moved in a manner Jaune remembered all too well from their Beacon days, with a swaggering gait that told of utmost confidence. He passed by another person coming up the other way.

Who was also Jax Darkphenix.

Tattletale followed his stupefied gaze to the object of his focus. She squinted her eyes, puzzled.

"Holy handsomeness, I get why you were looking—Wait, that lighting-shaped scar! Is that Harry Potter!?"

Literally who?

He pulled Tattletale to the side as the second Jax passed by them, and prepared for a fight. Yet, their eyes met for a split second, and in those pools of emerald Jaune found no recognition. The dead man walking continued on to vanish into the portal, his dark cloak trailing wisps of smoke in his wake.

He felt a tug on his pant leg.

"Who was that? Did you know him?" asked Escha.

He let out a heavy breath. "Yes. That, was Jax Darkphenix. I killed him."

"No, that's Harry Potter, and Voldemort was the one to do him in!" Tattletale retorted, with the same strange emphasis on the unfamiliar name.

Or maybe not that unfamiliar. Jaune had a vague recollection of hearing it before, somewhere.

Seeing his confusion, Tattletale added, "He's a character from a book series. Messy hair, green eyes, and a scar on the forehead? There should have been glasses, too, and I thought he was supposed to be kind of short, but in broad strokes, it's him."

Jaune furrowed his brow. "You mean, that's not Jax?"

Tattletale opened her mouth to reply, but stopped short as she scanned the crowd.

"...Ask again later," was her eventual answer. She pointed down the ramp. "I'm seeing, like, twenty of them right now."

The convention space was big. As in, 'multiple sports fields' big, with doors leading to offshoot areas. Booths were set out in long rows, back to back to minimize wasted space. At the basic level, Jaune could wrap his head around the concept they were going for.

The details were where he floundered. The 'contractors' that gave ConCon its name had taken an individual flair to their booths, with temporary walls of canvas, energy barriers, actual trees, and whatever else to tickle the stall owners' fancy springing up to partition each space into its own spacious cubicle, measuring almost the size of their apartment. Inside them, special effects abounded and it was a coin flip on whether they came from magic spells or sci-fi machines, lights and shapes crashing into those of the neighboring booths to create explosions of colors that hurt the eyes, competing for attention.

A second market of booths floated high above. It resulted in less traffic, but that seemed how the people manning them preferred it, most of their time spent spectating the rowdy hubbub below.

Within this scene strode a parade of identical faces. A cold shiver danced up and down his spine as he spotted dozens of Jaxes (or Harrys, as the case might be). They differed in manners of dress, the colors and cut and whatnot. Still, all of them carried that unmistakable presence of kindness mixed with what Jaune now recognized as arrogance. It created a rather uncanny deja vu effect, and furthermore begged the question of why somebody from Remnant would share a face with a fictional person he had never heard of in his world yet was instantly recognizable for a girl of another universe. The Marketplace offered a slew of visual enhancement options, he knew that, but the sheer coincidence of selecting one that a whole bunch of other people chose stretched the limits of credulity. Unless, it was a bestselling pick?

That said, the Jaxes represented nowhere near the biggest example of this phenomenon. A young man with blond hair and what looked like drawn whiskers on his face took that title. At least for this one, Jaune was dead certain he never met a version of them before in his life. The young man and his doppelgangers possessed tall, lean frames that one might call svelte if not for the compact muscles visible beneath their clothes.

A man with dark hair and a cool expression also shared a few brothers. As a group, they possessed tall, lean frames that one might call svelte if not for the compact muscles visible beneath their clothes. Occasionally, wisps of a blue, flame-like Aura emanated from them. They appeared very antagonistic to a different set of identical siblings, often engaging in staring contests with white-haired men whose eyes glowed with the luster of the Okinawan ocean.

And yes, the white-haired men possessed tall, lean frames that one might call svelte if not for the compact muscles visible beneath their clothes.

"There has got to be a word for that body type," he said, pointing at the nearest specimen.

"A swimmer's build," Tattletale informed him while staring hard at the young man in question. "Only… ramped up to the 0.1 percentile. Olympic athletes would sacrifice their firstborns to be that cut."

"Don't drool, now," Jaune said, and winced as he realized that had been a tad unkind. The uncanny level of beauty that these men shared had stoked a ugly feeling in him, a crawling envy that soured his thoughts. It didn't save him from the scathing glare Tattletale sent over her shoulder as she, Jaune, and Escha made their way forward.

"I could say the same to you. Try to keep your eyes above those strippers' neck level, Jaune."

That, too, was unkind. The gorgeous women that he had done his best to overlook —not well, considering he could describe their beauty—might work in any number of professions. The fact that some were wearing what amounted to strings undermined the point a little, but on the other hand, some dressed chaste as nuns.

Jaune passed by a group of women moving in the opposite direction.

—Or just straight out dressed as nuns.

Leaning over, he sniped back at Tattletale, "You talk like you aren't getting eye candy of your own."

Here, a group of men in classy butler outfits. There, nothing but speedos and bulges. The swimmer's build was in vogue, with Jaune among the rare few men in attendance missing out on the trend. Not to mention, they had faces that put regular guys to shame.

Jaune and Tattletale shrank smaller the further they walked, confidence fleeing as they examined themselves. There really was no comparison.

"You are cute, don't think otherwise," Jaune said to cheer up Tattletale.

She returned the gesture in kind. "And you aren't awful on the eye or anything, so there's that."

They both sighed.

"You two are silly," Escha opined. She moved through the crowd with calm aplomb, unaffected by the ranks upon ranks of supermodels that all belonged to the wrong species. The convention had a serious flaw, a dearth of felines. Cat ears? Oodles of them, both faunus and of the artificial headband variety, but no actual cats.

"Life sure is nice for you, Escha," Tattletale groused, before turning back to Jaune. "Whatever. Have you noticed?"

"That the ratios are skewed weird?"

Tattletale nodded.

At a glance, the convention hosted a similar number of men and women. Scale it down to the group level, and a pattern started to emerge. Many women to one man, or many men to one woman. Even behind the booth counters, this trend prevailed.

"But the outnumbered person holds the leash in these dynamics."

"Did you get that from your power?"

"No, it's just obvious."

And enviable, once again. Few alive had not imagined a retinue of beauties catering to their whim. Jaune definitely was guilty of that. Yet, the people here lived it, walking tall with their companions hanging onto their every word, their charming wit raising laughter and blushes.

Jaune shook his head to clear away the useless fantasies. An uncomfortable sensation settled in his gut. The situation was pinging his memory, the loving expressions on some of these faces reminding him of old Beacon schoolmates. But surely not? On this scale?

"Different world, different dating norms, I suppose," Jaune reassured himself. "Putting that aside… Why is there so much porn?"

So, so much porn. Now that they were wading in the thick of things, he got to have a good look at the wares on offer, and he quickly learned that it did not matter what the theme of a booth was, they had smut for sale. His third time in a minute walking through a holographic nude dancer (Actual* AI, the advertisement promised) drove home the point. Even Tattletale, who tried to steer them away from the booths that carried porn at first, soon had to revise her criteria. It was ubiquitous.

He slowed his pace at a particular booth, whose walls featured life-sized posters that bared all. The reason why he did it escaped him, until it clicked for Jaune that the women helping the stall owner sell those posters were the models.

Tattletale scoffed, reading the placard on the table. "The Norns? Credits for creativity, I suppose. Was the classic 'Aphrodite' not available?"

"Section BB, Aisle 18, Table 6," a passerby helpfully provided, drawing a strange look from Tattletale. The lizard faunus moved on, scaly tail undulating behind him.

A lot of lizard faunus around here, now that he thought about it.

Once they had made peace with the prolific amount of porn, other goods for sale began to stand out. Bottles filled with glowing substances that were surely good for you. Portraits that moved and talked to the customers. Mangy dog-things hissing and spitting acid, sharp teeth biting on their cages.

They stumbled across a bookseller, whose features should have made him plain and nondescript, and he humbly described himself as such, yet ended up with him appearing as beautiful as the people browsing his wares. The dusty covers that a busty shop assistant wouldn't let Jaune touch promised magic at his fingertips should he learn the spells contained within. The prospect of throwing around fireballs held his interest despite the bookseller spending the whole time trying to segue into stories of how he acquired the collection. That was, until he saw the price.

"Is there an extra zero by mistake?" he blurted out.

"Look, this isn't Skyrim magic. It's DnD."

"You say that like it's supposed to mean something to me."

The bookseller leapt from his seat, hands held out in a strangling motion. He stopped before making contact with Jaune, settling instead for a scowl.

"You buying or not?" spat the bookseller, eyes crackling with arcane light.

Not, as it turned out, and Jaune left the booth with hurled insults of 'philistine', 'sword polisher', and 'Miles Luna self-insert', whatever that was, at his back. He put it out of mind, a more important concern making itself known.

"Tattletale, I don't think we can afford much here."

Having picked up Escha, Tattletale hugged the felyne to her chest. "We have gold and gems…"

Jaune pointed. "There's a tree growing them at that booth, I'm pretty sure they're worthless to these guys. And not to diss that bookseller, but the spellbooks were kind of underwhelming for what they cost."

"Oh, all of it was junk," Tattletale agreed.

Escha gasped. She, too, dreamed of mastery over the elements (mostly so she could water her plants) and to hear the magic books dismissed out of hand had given her a shock.

"How he sneers at his customers is a dead giveaway," Tattletale explained. "I bet you he kept the good ones for himself and just wants to make an extra buck scamming rubes like you."

"Hey! I didn't fall for it!"

"But you almost did, until you caught the price tag. Didn't he, Escha?"

"Uh-huh, uh-huh, you were reaching into your pockets. I saw it."

Betrayed by a cat. Woe was Jaune Arc.

"Should we dip, then?" he said, scratching Escha under the chin in an effort to slowly win her over to his side again. "I can't put my finger on it, but something about this convention creeps me out."

The shop girls smiled too much.

Tattletale bit her lower lip, thinking. "Not yet," she decided. "It's still early on and if possible I want to sniff out details on the Company. Besides, if the contractors are selling stuff they don't need, then they could well settle for lower than market price. There's an opportunity for us to gain better stuff than otherwise, we just gotta be careful with our spending. Haggle with them."

The occasion arose a few stops over from the bookseller, at a booth styled in militaristic decor. Flags of unknown nations festooned the walls, and the blond man with his boots kicked up on the counter wore the clothes of a general, rows of medals pinned to his chest that clashed with his youthful countenance, and especially with the whisker markings on his face. This stall was more Jaune's speed, showcasing weaponry of all stripes. Lightsabers hung on a rack, allowing him to see the energy swords in person for the first time. A video screen set next to the rack followed the general as he battled an army of robots while dual-wielding the lightsabers, as a display of their effectiveness.

"Each one taken from a named Jedi or Sith," the general boasted.

Jaune didn't understand why that was an impressive feat, considering the rarity of a person lacking a name of some sort. He refrained from asking, so as to not reveal his ignorance further—the elbow nudge from Tattletale was quite unnecessary. In any case, Crocea Mors worked as a perfectly serviceable blade for his purposes, making the Jedi weapons a curiosity at best.

His sword cut, and what it couldn't cut, he'd bash with his gunlance. Simple.

It was what laid beyond those scenarios that he sought an answer for, and as he skimmed over the various laser guns, most of which he could find comparable performance in his Ruhm rifle, he directed a question to the general.

"Do you happen to have anything with a little more oomph?"

"Do I—Who do you think you're talking to? Of course, I got more oomph. Check this baby out!"

The general snapped his fingers, and one of the women working the booth immediately placed a cigar between his lips, lighting it up. His eyes crossed to look down at the cigar, then up at the woman in form-fitting red bodysuit.

"Asuka, go into the corner."

"What? Wait, did I get it wrong? Hang on, let me—"

The general's voice brooked no disagreement, the earlier boisterousness turning flat to become almost devoid of emotions. "Corner, now. Rei?" The general did not spare the woman in red another glance. Oblivious to the looks that Jaune, Tattletale, and Escha were giving him, he snapped his fingers again. A woman dressed in a white bodysuit took it upon herself to cross the floor, and pulled on the tarp covering a bulky figure in the back of the booth.

The cloth slid to the ground, revealing the metal form beneath. Painted in a deep blue, it bore a rugged appearance, resembling a person without a head. Angular steel shaped the arms and legs, and glass panels created a canopy where the torso would be, allowing Jaune to see the seat within.

At the sight of the mech, a name sprang to the tip of his tongue.

"It's a Pala—"

"Meet the Amplified Mobility Platform!" declared the general, growing animated once more. He tilted on the back legs of his chair to better look at the mech. "Coming at you straight from Pandora!" He coughed. "The thing's a Mitsubishi, but let's not hold that against it. I picked it up during a hot alien binge—it happens," he insisted as an aside. "Never used it myself, so it's in great condition."

Jaune noticed a problem right away.

"There's no weapons." Disappointing.

"There could be." The general pointed at the robot's hands. "See the articulated fingers? Inside the cockpit are openings for the pilot's arms, enabling precision control. It also allows a bit of tactile feedback so you can feel what the suit is holding, which is usually a huge, fuck-off autocannon that fires 5-lb rounds. The army used them to fight giant blue aliens."

Tattletale barged forward, cutting into the conversation. "What are the specs? We would like to see those before we consider making a decision. Do you have benchmarks? Service records and field test results, too."

A blank stare greeted her. The general then turned his head to look at Jaune. As the silence stretched on, Jaune was compelled to speak.

"Yeah, all of that."

The general shrugged. "Don't got them. It's a mech. You get in and pilot it. It can lift a ton, punch through brick walls, and survive in the vacuum of space."

The man could see that he was losing them. Sitting up, he changed his tone.

"It's a steal, believe it. Forty thousand Points, comes with a complement of weaponry and ammo. You won't find a better offer."

His assistant rolled a cart next to the mech. Jaune would describe the rifle resting on the cart as more of a gun emplacement or a tank cannon. It would take a team of normal people to barely lift. A bayonet was affixed to the underside of the barrel, with a combat knife scaled to the robot's size leaning against the gun, the blade measuring three feet long.

If Jaune had one of these when fighting some of the things he faced, there wouldn't have been a battle.

"The store page is listing it for twenty," Tattletale remarked, having looked up the mech on the Company scroll.

The general blinked in confusion, glancing from her to Jaune.

"Wait a sec, wasn't he the…"

Tattletale cut him off. "We'll give you seven thousand for it, since it's secondhand."

"No way," came the immediate protest. "I told you I never used it!"

"Well, somebody died inside the robot." The girl pointed to a stain on the seat.

"What, that? Don't mind it."

"Too late," said Jaune. "So, seven thousand? You said it yourself that you don't ever ride the thing. It's gathering dust."

Even he could tell that was a lowball offer. Still, it sounded palatable when compared to the eye-wateringly prohibitive price the general wanted. He looked at Tattletale, getting a nod in return. Like him, she believed the mech was a decent possibility for purchase, representing a marked increase in their firepower.

Not the best option for a lot of the situations they find themselves in, but effective for what it was made for, war.

"Twenty, market price." The general noticed Jaune's hesitation. "Still too much? Man, you must be broke."

Unable to deny it, Jaune racked his brain for a counter, and struck on an idea. He lost an inch of height, the shoes on his feet now in his hands.

"Eight thousand, and I trade you these rocket boots."

"Poor man's flight, heh?"

Despite the condescension, the general inquired into the piece of tech. Unfortunately, the details Jaune provided caused the man to laugh at him.

"Yeah, that's worthless. You got anything else?" He frowned as Jaune shook his head. "Not a single thing in your Dimensional Pocket?"

The suspicious tone set off alarm bells, and Jaune pivoted to deflect before he could even register the need. "No, I do!" he said in his best confident voice. "But not here. I left them at home to save space."

Understanding dawned. "Ohhh," went the general. "Didn't upgrade the inventory space? Tell me you don't game without telling me you don't game." He gestured at the mech. "Fifteen thousand. You can't be that poor."

He ignored the jibe, checking with Tattletale. She held up her hands, fingers spread.

"Ten," Jaune relayed the offer. The judging look on the general's face confirmed a precipitous drop in his opinion of Jaune, but hey, broke was broke. He wasn't about to pretend just to save face, because down that path laid an empty wallet. Push came to shove, he would walk away.

After much deliberation, along with muttered curses about 'an oversized paperweight', the general turned back to them.

"Twelve, and I'll throw in an Extension Charm-ed bag to carry it in."

Jaune froze, and looked up at the big, heavy mech.

The general barked a laugh. "Yeah, didn't think about that, didja?"

"Twelve thousand, guns and ammo, Extension Charm-ed bag, and you spray down the inside with industrial cleaner," Tattletale pressed. None of them knew what an Extension Charm was, but the hint was clear. The man spoke of it like it was trash. To them, it sounded like a treasure.

"Sold!" cried the general.

With a snap of his fingers, the man summoned his assistant, directing her to take care of the menial details now that the fun haggling part was over. She took to the task of wiping down the pilot seat, hips wiggling as she climbed into the cockpit, while the general motioned for Jaune to come closer.

"I remember my days starting out, so I'm gonna give you a piece of advice."

Attitude aside, Jaune had to admit that the man was in a better position than him. He leaned in to listen.

"Quit wasting time."

Jaune blinked. "Hah?"

"I mean it. You're new. Don't lie, I can smell the poverty on you. My advice is to quit wasting time and hit the big leagues as fast as you can. Did you pick RWBY as the starting world?"

What did Ruby have to do with it? Jaune gave a noncommittal grunt while filing that away. Traveling through worlds in the manner he did meant that oftentimes, the name of the universe was one of the scant few details he had to go on. He learned from experience that they held significance, and if his world was named after Ruby Rose? It bore investigating.

"Figures, with that Jaune Arc Substitute," said the general, unaware of the turmoil behind Jaune's blank smile. "The choice isn't bad, Remnant has a lot of females to collect." He chuckled. "But that's the trap. Hoarding shitty waifus is the classic noob move that contractors fall for. You need to take the long view if you want to succeed in this business. Pick the ones you want to keep and sell the rest, the more the better. Like Ciel Soleil."

Jaune had a lot of things he wanted to say, the anger surging within him backing much of it. Except, that last part drew forth one question ahead of all else.

"Who's Ciel Soleil?"

"Exactly," the general concurred. "Not like we have enough time in the day for each and every one of them. Sending the extras along lets you ramp up faster, so you can go and grab the girls that matter." The dismissive glance at Tattletale, who was checking on the mech, provided ample hint of who he considered unnecessary.

"I…" Jaune clenched his hand into a fist. He might misunderstand people sometimes, but he was hearing this loud and clear. "I'm fine as I am, thanks."

The man was taken aback by his tone. However, he soon played it off.

"Hey, I was just being friendly. You do you." The fake sense of friendliness roiled off him in waves. "Don't wanna listen to good advice? That's on your broke ass. You do you," he repeated.

A noise reminiscent of a vacuum attracted their attention. The shop assistant was in front of the mech, a cloth sack in her hand. Tattletale and Escha stood beside her, marveling as the mech proceeded to vanish into the bag, space warping to somehow enable the several tons of metal to fit into the small opening. In the span of seconds, the mech was gone. The shop assistant lightly pulled on the strings to close the sack and handed it to Tattletale, guiding her through the process of paying through the Marketplace app.

"There you go," said the general. "Have fun with it. Sell it to the next newbie that comes along. Circle of life. You buying anything else?"

Jaune shook his head.

"Then, get."

With that, the man moved off to leave Jaune standing alone. As Tattletale and Escha rejoined him, they noticed his mood.

"What's wrong?" asked Tattletale.

He put on a smile. "Nothing. Nothing at all."

There had been a moment there, where he convinced himself into thinking this place was on the up and up. It was easier that way for his peace of mind. He wouldn't be making that mistake anymore.

What else did this place have in store for him?


Author's Notes: Meet the minnows.
Last edited: Nov 29, 2025
Stories:
QQ Sneaking His Way into the Multiverse , a RWBY Jaune, WC-lite mechanics story.
Other RWBY stories on AO3 or FF - Yakuza Arc | Conquered Menagerie: Annals of the Sixth Kingdom | Cat, Bunny, and the Good Ship Honey Starbright | The Agent
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, m213, Arkan10 and 569 others
LazyAutumnMoon
Nov 24, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 57: Jaune and Lisa Go to the Convention (Pt. 2)
View content
LazyAutumnMoon
LazyAutumnMoon
We all need Sundancer in our life.
JoinedJun 7, 2024
Messages289
Likes received68,284
Nov 29, 2025
Add bookmark
#4,642
Chapter 57: Jaune and Lisa Go to the Convention (Pt. 2)​


A familiar face in the crowd at an unexpected place. The phenomenon did not happen often, but anytime it did, it tended to leave one with a sense of marvel. How small the world was. What strange serendipity guided the course of our lives. People would usually walk away with a pep in their steps, the ordinary day becoming just a little more wondrous.

Jaune panicked right the hell out, turning white as a sheet. He pushed through the crowd to get closer, and hoped he was wrong.

Around an intersection and past a group of spectators for a booth offering 'VR isekai experiences', he caught up to his target.

"Ruby? Ruby Rose?"

A girl in a red hood turned around. Jaune had a fleeting moment to confirm that it was indeed the person he suspected, before the full force of her beauty struck him like a speeding train, taking him aback. That part was new.

"Yes?" Even her voice sounded odd, the squeakiness gone. "Wait… Jaune, right?"

"Oh snap, it's a Jaune!" said another girl, long blond hair swishing as she turned her head, and Jaune now registered the familiar faces accompanying Ruby. Her whole team stood by her side. Yang Xiao-Long, bright and sunny as ever. Weiss Schnee, reminding him anew of why he had an interest in her once upon a time. Blake, cat ears standing proud above her head… with a tail behind her?

"Is he an insert, do you think?" Blake said. She tilted her head as she observed him, the tail weaving back and forth in the slow movements of a cat that had caught onto something mildly interesting. "Or a husbando?"

He tried to parse those terms. No luck. More importantly, he needed to know one thing.

"What are you doing here!?" he asked, failing to hide his dismay even as he began to note the differences from his memory. They stood several inches taller than the last time he saw them. Ruby's cloak lacked the bulky imprint of her ever-present mechashift scythe. Weiss had an actual chest, and he was not talking about the one filled with gold and gems that everyone assumed the Schnee had in her room. Also, again, cat tail on Blake.

Certain words he heard earlier, spoken by the man dressed like a general, rang in his ears.

Confused looks passed between the members of Team RWBY.

"Why wouldn't we be?" Yang said.

"No, Yang, I think he has us mixed up with his world's version," Blake chimed in.

Ah. Yep. As he thought. An old question of his finally had irrefutable confirmation. Other Remnants existed out there. It wasn't just an endless parade of Earths.

The situation, however, remained the same. Team RWBY was attending the convention, and there numbered only a few methods he knew of to allow that.

"Is someone mind-controlling you?" he blurted out. Unspoken was the the opposite circumstance, where one or more among them participated in this madness. At the corner of his vision, he glimpsed Tattletale and Escha taking position beside him, peering with curiosity at the scene.

Weiss gave a scoff, and it sounded sweet as a songbird. "As if. We're not like the unfortunate people you would find here. We love our darling master, and he loves us."

Jaune and Tattletale directed an identical deadpan gaze at her, then looked at each other. A whispered conversation flowed between them, reaching a conclusion that they were both sure of.

Weiss Schnee was totally being mind-controlled.

"Do we have a problem here?"

The sophisticated voice came from behind him, and Jaune turned right as someone passed by. He had to look up, because the newcomer used his height to loom over him. To contrast the bored drawl of a gentleman, the person's face was set in an angry scowl. He had a hand tucked in his pocket. Dressed in high class finery, a dark coat sat on his shoulder with the sleeves swinging empty, and the garment pulsated from time to time with smoke. The tap-tap of a cane accompanied the young gentleman as he moved to block Team RWBY from Jaune, and the way their eyes lit up at his presence told a story of true love.

Jaune could gag. That fairy tale was full of lies.

The gentleman in the dark coat removed his hand from his pocket to sweep back the bangs of his brown hair. "What do you think you are doing with my gals?"

A slight smirk grew on the gentleman's face as titters followed his words, the members of Team RWBY flushing red. They seemed to take their cue from his mood, and the looks sent toward Jaune thereafter conveyed a cold apathy.

"I was making conversation," Jaune said, maintaining a smiling demeanor to help defuse the sudden tension. "A bit of Remnant solidarity for people far from home."

Derision, and a roll of the eyes. "Whatever you say, American boy. You do not even look like a proper Jaune Arc."

Jaune Arc felt more insulted by that than he should.

"Oh, I doubt there's one as authentic as me," he joked.

The gentleman studied Jaune with a keen eye. "You do still give off the impression of a potato, so that is more accurate than the rest of you supposed Jaune stans could say." The gentleman turned briefly to Tattletale, then wrinkled his nose. "It would be wise to invest in a face lift, it is why we have the Catalog. Your women will thank you." Tattletale bristled, but the gentleman ignored her to look back at Jaune. "So what, did you think substituting into the Miles Luna self-insert somehow gave you, aha, 'dibs' on all the RWBY girls? News flash, he does not get with any of them for the run of the show."

"The show?" Jaune said under his breath, too quiet for anyone else. And 'substituting'? That was the second time he encountered the term.

To switch one thing with another, and if that thing was Jaune Arc…

A hand touched his back, moving soothingly as his heartbeat picked up to a frantic pace. Tattletale also tried to speak comforting words, but he couldn't hear them. The gentleman said something, too, and he definitely wasn't listening to that.

With a weak and shaky grin, because that was all he could muster, Jaune said in the friendliest of tones, "You know, I never finished watching that show. Is it any good?"

"Would have been better without your boy in it. A lot of hotties every new season, though." Quieter, the gentleman said half to himself, "Which was convenient. Hallelujah, RWBY."

He nodded along. "Right, right. I hear you… Could you, pretty please, turn off whatever mind-control bullshit"—whoops, the mask slipped—"you got going with those four?"

"Jaune, keep your cool," Tattletale advised softly, still patting his back.

"Uhhh, no?" retorted the gentleman, with a face that said 'what the hell'. "Remember your etiquettes, now. What business is it of yours?"

"I like to think that they'd make the same request if I was in their shoes."

Jaune did not know what he expected, only that mirth wasn't it. The dry chuckle invited others to join the gentleman, and in fact did draw a bit of laughter from those in the crowd forming around them who had overheard the conversation. The gentleman slightly tilted his head back to glance over his shoulders, addressing the spectators hungry for entertainment.

"Oh, look. Another one made it to ConCon. Ah hahaha!" The gentleman laughed, a gloved hand delicately held over his face in a pose fit for a movie poster.

Jaune cocked his head to the side, eyes narrowing. "And what is that supposed to mean?"

"Let me take a guess here," the gentleman answered with a drawl. "You plan to 'save' them. To 'nurse' them back to their proper selves, with no expectation of a reward. Oh, but of course they will be so very grateful for what you did."

"I—"

The laughter dropped. "You are not the first holier-than-thou prick to show up and go on and on about how 'enslaving waifus is bad', wrapped up in your delusions of a savior complex. Except, if any of you really believe that, you would not be here. All you want is to poach!"

Jaune balked. "What? No! I don't!"

His protest fell flat with the crowd. The sneers and scoffs rolled in from every direction, sounding exasperated as if they had seen it a thousand times before and have long grown tired of the farce.

Emboldened by the reception, the young gentleman spread his arms in a theatrical manner. "The thing none of you ever get is that all you do is whine. Oh please, sir, may I have a little less slavery," he mocked. "Boohoo, think of their natural dignity. No, now cry about it." He counted on his fingers. "Stamped, Shrouded, Charmed, Fairie Feasted, Hypnoed, True Routed, Collared… Good luck finding a counter to a single one of those and I bought them all! For you to steal my girlfriends from me is a pipe dream!"

Then, one would think the young gentleman had nothing to worry about. Perhaps there was truth to that, as Team RWBY revealed no discomfort upon hearing the methods by which their companion kept them under his thrall. He could never lose the people he saw as his. A man talking to his girlfriends presented no danger to him. Yet, the way the gentleman stepped to the side to shield—by total coincidence, Jaune was sure—the four women from his view suggested that the long litany of powers available at his fingertips reassured the gentleman none. That the spittle flying as he ranted and the growing mania in his eyes spoke of a person trying to convince himself.

Escha pulled on his pant leg. Jaune looked down, and she pointed to the ground in front of them. He soon noticed the reason for her worry. Shadows were moving across the floor, originating from the gentleman. They flicked and snapped in violent motions. Sensing the prelude to a fight, Jaune shifted the hand bearing the Outsider's mark behind his back, the smoky shape of [Third Arm] superimposing over it, primed for a blow.

Sucker punch. Transition to obscure vision. Plunge a sword through the darkness, then wing it. Simple enough for a plan A.

The gentleman in the dark coat squinted his eyes, and smirked. An attempt at intimidation, Jaune would assume.

Intentions of launching the shadowy fist faltered as he caught sight of Team RWBY gearing up to support their man. It struck him, looking at their weapons, that they truly weren't the people he knew from Beacon. The guns in their hands might glow with a malevolent light and hum with power, but they remained boring old assault rifles at their core, the gray metal bearing no trace of personality. Ruby Rose surprised him most of all. Even Jax hadn't managed to convince her to ditch her scythe. That said, it changed little of the fact that the odds tilted decidedly against his favor. This was Team RWBY.

"Did the rules for the convention mention how the organizers are ensuring neutrality?" Jaune whispered to Tattletale in a hurry. "Because they are looking awfully aggressive to me."

Tattletale gasped, covering her lips in feigned astonishment. "Oh my, you didn't forget what I said." Caring nothing for the tense situation, she patted him on the head and gave a "Good boy!" before sliding around his frame. "Leave it to me," she added for only him to hear.

Her eyes were trained on the floor, and a wide grin split her face as she saw something there. Jaune looked and found the moving silhouette had retracted, forming a semi-circle around the girl. She took another stride forward, and the shadows retreated further.

Tattletale turned her head so that their eyes met. "It's telling, the way everyone else took a big step back when they realized a fight was about to start. Strong people, tough people, and they ran."

Her gaze trailed over to the spectators for emphasis. As she described, the people who had up until now tried to close in to better catch every word of the exchange seemed to have made a lot of distance in a very short amount of time.

"You see, Jaune, this fine fellow talks a big game, and yeah, it has a bit of truth to it. It is futile for you to raise a stink here. But he neglected to mention one important caveat to that." Tattletale looked at the gentleman. "He. Can't. Do. A. Thing. Either," she mocked, jabbing her finger at him on each word.

The gentleman rolled his eyes. Directing his attention to the spectators, he flapped his hand in a yapping gesture.

"Tattletales, amiright?" he said, and covered a yawn. It lent the impression of nonchalance, and got him a few chuckles. "Yeah, yeah, we get it. The security system will kick in if a fight breaks out and blah, blah, blah… Only idiots like your hypocrite of a boyfriend would ever forget."

Undeterred by the attempt to take the winds out of her sail, Tattletale rolled with it and nodded along with the spiel. "All that to say, the best you can do against Jaune is play chicken. He can talk smack about you all he likes at this convention, and you'll have to take it because you're so… small." She cocked her hips and planted a fist on it, oozing smugness.

"Ha," the gentleman barked. Then, louder. "Ha! Keep dreaming. I'm playing nice because I pity him."

Yet, and this gave away the game, he did not make the one move that would flip the table around and prove them wrong, which was to attack them. Taking cue from Tattletale, Jaune stayed in place. It was a novel concept, doing nothing as a win condition.

During the resulting lull, something changed. Murmurs passed among the spectators. With the promise of drama fizzling out, they had begun to grow bored, and one by one, they slipped away to go look for other amusements.

The gentleman didn't last much longer than them, and his eventual exit featured a whole production of brushing imaginary dust off his coat while recounting the list of important matters awaiting his attention, which honestly might be true as compared to Jaune's intention of wandering the place. In the end, they saw the back of him and his retinue.

Tattletale watched the gentleman go, a victorious grin on her face.

"Heh. I'm never wrong."

Jaune failed to muster the rebuttal she was clearly inviting. To him, this had not been a win, for her explanation highlighted one crucial truth. He was as useless as everyone else here.

"What would have happened, if we fought?" he asked her. "Could I have maybe claimed self-defense?"

He would love a workable excuse to ram a sharp blade down the young gentleman's throat. After all, it was how he freed himself from the mental effects that Jax put him under.

Tattletale spun around, and spread her arms in a helpless shrug.

"The rules never exactly said, and I think that's intentional. Let's not test it out."

Jaune gazed after the departing figures. Team RWBY did not spare him a single glance. He supposed his version in their world was even less acquainted with the four women than him. Looking back, they had been strangers, almost.

He had a choice, and he made a decision. Crocea Mors appeared in his hand. He moved to follow after them.

Without a word, Tattletale seized him by the wrist and pulled with all her strength. A moment later, the gentleman in the dark coat and Team RWBY passed out of sight.


-o-​


"Are you mad at me?"

"No."

"You're mad at me."

"I'm not."

As Tattletale continued to badger him, Jaune picked up a big toadstool mushroom with two eyes, turning it this way and that. It had a springy texture that would go well in a soup. He glanced at the nearby placard. The short blurb claimed that the mushroom would make 'stuff' bigger. What, he dreaded to ask. It went back on the shelf, and he picked up the pretty crown next to it to test whether he could pop the thing into his Pocket without paying. A shame that it turned out he could not. The convention space played by different rules.

Tattletale lingered in his periphery. Despite his reassurances, she fidgeted from foot to foot. In her arms, Escha sent him a reproachful look, her fur a frizzy mess due to Tattletale ruffling and plucking at it in her worry. That grumpy cat face demanded he do something about this.

His hand ran through his hair, and Jaune exhaled a long breath.

"You might well have saved my life, Tattletale. I could never be mad at you."

The problem, as ever, lay with him. Today was another day where he had not been good enough. He entered the world of unlimited power thinking Jax the strongest of it, and found the ceiling high as the blue sky. Then, above even that, there was something at this convention that Jax's ilk feared to wake.

"I'm just going to have to get stronger, aren't I? And maybe someday, it will all work out."

Or maybe he would die in a ditch. Life was like that. Go to bed one night, wake up with a Grimm to the face. The lucky star laughed at the long view.

Their little group moved from booth to booth, but their hearts were no longer in it. Each new destination reinforced the bleak reality that they existed on the bottom rung in a society where they did not belong.

With a significant part of their Points set aside for their goal of purchasing access to a world, plus the portion allocated to emergency 'throw anything and everything at the wall' situations, what remained for them to spend freely was not a large amount. In relative terms, that was. Personally, he considered his share of the balance a fortune. Upward of 10,000 Points allowed him the ability to buy a number of nifty gadgets or minor powers. Tons of food, were he so inclined. It just didn't count for much in this place.

The paper talisman now tied to the hilt of his sword should come in handy, though. Originating from a place called the Akamatsuverse, the paper bore written characters he didn't understand, but the demon-repelling properties it conveyed meant that, in the future, he'd be the one chasing the Saja Boys and similar supernatural types. And if that didn't work, then the stack of disposable talismans he could paste right onto the blade would hopefully do the job.

See? A step at a time, and one could scale mountains. Or, again, die in a ditch.

"Dragon or bust. That's the key. Either you're a dragon, or you're food."

The lizard faunus that sold him the talisman seemed adamant that Jaune was making a bad purchase, but she extended no effort to stop him. What she did, and this was a behavior shared with a lot of the contractors Jaune encountered thus far, was to wax on at the poor, deprived unfortunate about what she called a proper build. He ignored most of it, because scary mind control. The dragon part, on the other hand…

"Any downsides I should know of?" he asked.

The woman grinned, her mouth full of sharp teeth. "None. Zip. Nada. I mean, we're supposed to get bleedthrough of a dragon's nature, arrogance and greed and whatnot, but that feature has to be bugged because it doesn't actually do anything. I've certainly never experienced it."

The hoard of gold below her throne begged to differ. Before he had a chance to mention it, the fawning men draped around the area began a chorus of praise over the many sterling qualities of the dragon faunus, which she accepted as her due. Stomach churning, Jaune departed from the booth.

A lengthy search through the scroll revealed that a good half of the components to that so-called optimal build the contractor swore by wasn't even showing up. Had she lied? Did she have access to sections of the store barred to him?

All questions that he did not know how to ask without appearing suspicious. So, he left them for another time.

Back in the aisle, he scanned the crowd for Tattletale and Escha. The three of them had agreed to stay close. Within eyesight, at the least. He spotted them four booths down at an exhibit themed around costumed superheroes, displaying shelves of comics along with artifacts, posters (porn), figurines (porn), and other memorabilia (mostly porn).

He recognized many of the faces and costumes.

"Worm…" he read aloud from the banner hanging above the booth, shaking his head. "No matter where I go, you're there."

A white-haired man lounged at the table. He wore a blindfold that covered both of his eyes, and boasted a carefree expression.

"Come in, welcome, are you her master?" the blindfold man said and gestured at Tattletale, who had the presence of mind to not deny it outright. "Good taste, getting yourself a Sarah."

A twitch developed on one of Tattletale's eyebrows.

"She prefers Lisa," Jaune corrected.

"Or just don't talk to me. I'll take that, too," Tattletale added under her breath. A quick grin passed across her face when Jaune chuckled at her joke.

It faded as she returned her attention to the object on the table. Calling it a book would be generous since it was little more than a thick sheaf of paper with holes punched in them then bound with metal rings. Jaune sidled next to her in order to read the cover, with Escha clambering onto the table for a peek.

Worm, by John C. "Wildbow" McCrae.

"The true, blue original right there," said the blindfold man. "Not a fanfic. Not even an attempt to fix the plotholes. I printed it as-is, for all of you who didn't bother to read the canon."

Jaune gave a sidelong look to Tattletale, who picked up the book to peruse within. She seemed calm at the moment, without signs of distress. By now, he knew that meant little. Tattletale had a knack for hiding her troubles from him.

While keeping an eye on her, he cautiously struck up conversation with the booth owner.

"So, you mentioned canon and… fanfic?"

"Ugh." The blindfold man performed an odd gesture, then stopped and moved the blindfold aside so they could see him roll the startlingly blue eyes he shared with his doppelgangers. "Don't get me started," he complained, resetting the blindfold. "You won't believe the number of times I talk to a fanon casual and they would tell me all about how they adore Taylor or Amy or whatever other woobified Mary Sue of a character that they hallucinated is canon. Half the fandom never read the book, and the half that did can't keep their facts straight. They're why we need to gatekeep—What are your opinions on Purity?"

Thrown by the sudden question, Jaune floundered. "I, what, is… is that a movement in the 'fandom' to keep that canon stuff pure or something?"

Judging from the shell-shocked look, Jaune had just confessed to running a car over the blindfold man's mother.

"No, Purity. Divorced from Kaiser, raising a baby, light powers E88 nazi cape Purity."

That did it. Jaune brightened up, snapping his fingers in recognition.

"The demon worshipers!"

The man slammed a fist on the table, head dropping low. "Fuck, I'm talking to a fanon casual."

What a troublesome fellow.

"Jaune?"

He felt a tap on his shoulder. Tattletale had the book open, her eyes on a page.

"Heyo."

"Do I have a vulpine grin?"

He scratched his head at the sudden question. "There is a certain foxlike cast to it, yes."

"So you would call it vulpine?" she stressed.

"I suppose. Why?"

"Oh, nothing~" A little smile, more coy than vulpine, played on her lips.

Tattletale decided to buy the book, and the blindfold man was all too happy to sell it to them, albeit while shooting Jaune a sneer (and staring at Tattletale's chest). The man made a demand that Jaune read the story, a request which he fully intended to ignore.

As they prepared to leave, a voice rang out.

"Honey~!"

Jaune cringed at the high and nasally pitch, the kind that one got when a grown woman tried to sound younger than she was, but failed. It then occurred to him that Tattletale had spun around the moment she heard the voice, and was now goggling with her mouth agape. A turn of his head resulted in him mirroring the stupefied expression.

A person that resembled Tattletale was approaching the booth. He hesitated to say she was Tattletale, since there were… differences. A thick layer of pink covered her fat lips, and her breasts and rear bounced as she flounced her way over to them. The purple-black costume she wore retained its central motif of an eye but not much else, being more skin than fabric.

"Like, I missed you soooo much," the woman whined, sliding across the table to end up in the lap of the blindfold man.

"My Tattletale," the man crooned, stroking her with affection. "Did you succeed in the task I gave you?"

The woman fished out a small disk from between her cleavage, exaggerating the motion with a wink. "Yeppers! The info worked, and you now own an invite to the Tomcat VIP Lounge, plus a couple of favors you can call on. That idiot folded like origami."

"You are worth every Point, ahahaha!"

Tattletale stared unblinking at the alternate version of herself, one who had been enhanced to suit the taste of the contractor. There was intelligence there, not an iota lost. Simply buried beneath a new purpose. The woman could not stay still for longer than a few seconds, squirming and rubbing on the blindfold man as they spoke to one another. Her ditzy choice of vocabulary, deliberately chosen, pleased him to no end.

When their eyes happened to meet, Tattletale recoiled as if her other self was a viper.

"Is that canon, then?" Jaune accused, pointing to the alternate Tattletale's bust. The size of watermelons, they were.

"Not as such, but if you read the book closely, you would see that with the presence of Bonesaw and Panacea, it was actually very possible for this to happen in chapter—"

Tattletale pulled him and Escha out the booth before they had to listen to any more of that.


-o-​


The convention hosted its food court in a separate concourse. There, the restaurants stacked three stories high, with more of them set on small islands floating in midair. The higher a person went, the more Points the dishes cost.

Jaune and company stuck to the first floor for the sake of their wallet. The ramen they got tasted phenomenal anyway, which was annoying. It made wallowing in angst harder.

Currently, he was trying to forget recent events in the best way he knew how. Alas, the PAB method of wiping memories failed to help him today, and the rice wine tasted of guilt as he watched the people on the other side of the restaurant counter run to and fro. None of them had the appearance and bearing of a person whose goal was to stand in a kitchen, though they carried on their work with big smiles. A stern woman with white hair displayed the poise of one used to command. A blonde that reminded him of Glory Girl wore a cape, a stylized 'S' on her chest—a superhero of some sort. The woman who brought the food to them, giving her name as Elizabeth, kept asking him about the places he had traveled, eyes alight with wonder and yearning. He hadn't seen the contractor who owned the store yet, but at a guess the person was a sadistic one.

On the next chair over, Tattletale picked at her food while reading her new book with pointed focus. Escha sat directly on the counter, blowing on her bowl of ramen to cool it down.

After much dithering, he asked them, "Should we go home, you two? I'm at my limit."

Escha looked up, a strand of noodle slowly pulling into her mouth.

"Please let me finish this!" she said around the mouthful of ramen. "The food has no sin!"

Tattletale closed her book and gave a sigh, adjusting her grip on her chopsticks. "Like everything else, a hunger strike won't do jack, Jaune. That said, there also isn't much good we can do by staying. Let's just eat, then we'll leave."

"And toss a bomb on our way out?" Jaune asked, setting the cup of alcohol aside to concentrate on his lunch.

"No."

Sadness.

"Besides, I already gave that a shot and it didn't work."

Tattletale? Miss Tattletale? Please repeat that.

"Heh heh."

The three of them froze upon hearing the chuckle, because they had made sure to speak at a low volume so as to avoid notice. It came from the end of the counter, several seats over. There, a drunkard sprawled on the table surface with bottles surrounding him. He raised his head, and Jaune felt a pang of jealousy at the way the man managed to make a drunken binge look sexy. Spiky blond hair and whisker markings, his face was a familiar one by now.

"Mighty odd things you've been talking about," said the drunkard.

Jaune thought fast. "We're working on a comedy routine."

"Nah, you're not. I listened the whole time." The drunkard's bleary eyes zeroed in on the bottle in front of Jaune. "Ahhh, whatever. Wouldya mind sharing that wine?"

Well, he couldn't refuse, now could he? Not after having blackmail waved in his face. Jaune pushed the bottle along the counter with his fingertips. At the limit of his reach, the drunkard performed a gesture, and the bottle slid the rest of the way on its own. Forgoing a cup, the man gulped down a mouthful.

Jaune, Tattletale, and Escha observed him, waiting for the sign that they need to drop everything and run. To the contrary, however, the drunkard simply lowered the bottle once he was done, exhaling a satisfied breath.

"God, that's good. This place has amazing booze, huh?"

After a beat, Jaune answered, "Sure does."

The drunkard nodded. "Knew it was a great idea. I said it to Kara, I said, I said 'ramen and sake, it'd be a hit' and it was!" He grew somber. "It was."

The tone suggested ill tidings. Jaune looked around the area, meeting Tattletale's gaze. She motioned for him to keep talking to the drunkard, likely not for any good-hearted reasons. With great reluctance, he shifted a couple of seats closer.

"Is that so? I bet you anything that Kara would be proud of you," he said gently.

The drunk man glared at him. "She's not dead, she's right there."

The girl in the superhero costume waved, then carried on. Jaune coughed into his hand.

"Alright, so it's a different problem you're having. You, ah, you want to talk about it?"

For a while, the drunkard said nothing. He rapped his fingers on the table, head swaying as he studied their group. Abruptly, he grasped one of the alcohol bottles yet to be emptied and took a long draught, slamming it down on the counter afterward.

"I ran into a vampire."

"Ooh, sounds rough," Tattletale opined, without much sympathy. "I hear sunlight works on them."

"Not on this one."

"Holy water," Jaune said. One must never underestimate holy water. Praise Aqua.

His spoon slipped out of his hand. Before he could catch it, it struck the corner of the ramen bowl at an angle that sent it straight to the floor.

"Oops." How unlucky.

"Don't mind it," said the drunkard. "Jaina will get you another." The man looked ready to cry when the woman with white hair did as he bade. "The old her… the real her wouldn't have," he muttered once Jaina moved further away.

Jaune arched an eyebrow. That was a take he hadn't heard around these parts.

Noticing the look, the drunkard explained by continuing his tale. "Before I escaped, the vampire got her fangs into me. Only, she sucked out more than blood. She took one of my Skills."

"Was it a good one?" Jaune asked.

"Gamer's Mind."

Jaune had no response for that off the top of his head, and stayed quiet for a touch too long.

"You don't know what that is. Interesting…" The drunkard rubbed his chin in thought, before pointing at the side of his head. "It keeps me calm and clear-headed. Emotions hit an upper limit and—poof!—it's gone."

"You put yourself under a master effect!?" Tattletale blurted out, astonished.

The drunkard nodded miserably. "And now it's gone. And now life sucks."

Empathy has to do with emotions. Hell, everything has to do with emotions. To stomp his feelings on things down for however long this man did, and then to have them come roaring back, Jaune could understand the need for a stiff drink.

Tattletale leaned in. "Can you request a replacement copy?"

Jaune gave her an odd look. This sounded like a situation they would want to encourage instead of offering solutions, given the contractor's reactions to the women working the stall.

"I tried," the drunkard answered Tattletale. "Didn't work."

"Hm, then going up the chain might be your best bet. Have you spoken to a manager?"

So, that was her game. Tattletale wanted to fish for a contact and get at the inner workings of the Company. He supposed it was a fair gamble to assume that a business would have a hierarchy of positions.

The drunkard fell quiet. It stoked within Jaune a small suspicion.

"What, is there nobody you can talk to?"

The man jolted. "Oh no, there is. Definitely is." He scratched his nose. "At least, I think. That's the problem."

"Okay? And?" Tattletale pressed, too impatient for the runaround.

"Hey now, he's getting there," Jaune soothed her. He turned to the drunkard. "She has a point, though. You may feel better by just saying outright what is wrong."

Glug glug glug glug.

That… was mildly impressive, he had to admit. Half a bottle of an amber liquid disappeared down the drunkard's throat in no time flat. The empty flask joined its brethren.

Having mustered his spirits, the drunkard spoke.

"Most communications come through the Company Device and that's how I like it. I don't have to talk to anybody. We might get summoned for a meeting once in a while, and I usually see my manager then."

"Care to give a name? Could be that we have something in common," Jaune said casually. Tattletale sent him a surreptitious thumbs-up.

"I can't pronounce it." How unhelpful. "The point is, she's usually there. Not always."

The man's hand slipped around the neck of a whisky bottle, holding there for the moment.

"I've met other contractors behind the desk," the drunkard said quickly, warming up to the idea of spilling his heart out. "I've met people who looked like desk jockeys and insisted they weren't other contractors, but I was pretty sure they were. I think I got an actual, original Naruto once that somebody plucked out of his world to read a script."

"That sounds…" Jaune searched for a good way to put it. "Rather haphazard."

"Tell me about it." The drunkard blew a puff of air to clear stray hair from his eyes. He began rapping his fingers on the table again. "I still asked all of them what I should do, because hey, what do I got to lose, right? You should have seen their faces. Should see how they start flipping the papers on the desk like it had all the answers."

Slowly, the drunkard stopped paying attention to Jaune and the others. He stared into his bottle with a faraway look.

"Then… Then I remember the times where it's just the papers on the desk in an empty room." Unable to resist, he took another swig of alcohol, and stared at his lap. "The one sitting dead center would always detail the assignment and the funny thing is, I never reject it. No matter what it asks, I take the job. It got me thinking…"

The haunted look drew them all in, with Jaune speaking for all of them.

"What's the deal with the paper?"

"It tells me what to do." The drunkard raised his head. "That's the purpose of it, right? It tells me, it tells you, it tells those people pretending to be my manager what to do!"

"Oh, whoa… Wait, is that it?" Jaune asked, causing the drunkard to blink.

"Huh?"

Jaune sat back on his seat, shaking his head. Tattletale huffed in disappointment, while Escha returned to her meal.

"It's called instructions, genius," Tattletale spat. "People write things down. What's so special about that?"

Frantic, the drunkard stood up. "No! I meant- I meant that it's more than it seems! Haven't you noticed? Our powers don't work right! I can't get drunk, except sometimes I do! Don't you see?"

None of them had the heart to inform him what it was that they saw. Jaune glanced at the people behind the counter. They were unwilling to look him in the eye, covering their faces in embarrassment.

Thus, with a rueful sigh, he stepped up to the plate.

"You may have drank a little too much—" He was cut off as the drunkard leapt forward, grabbing his shoulders. He leaned away from the warm breath that smelled of a brewery.

"If everything does what it says on the tin, why don't dragons work right? Why do our defenses and templates crap out on us at crucial moments?" the drunkard asked with desperate eyes. "Where do they go? Where do the merchandise we find and sell off go? How come nobody ever saw a Company warehouse? Gamer's Mind should be bound to me, but now it's gone, and that's not possible which gave me the clue! We've all been passing around our powers and privileges to one another, each of us thinking that we earned it from some nebulous omnipotent being that we never get to meet. It comes back to the paper, I'm sure of it. Like, what if it's the form, right? The Form. The one we all filled out. And it only has the power we give it. But we believe. We believe and that makes it real, but we couldn't imagine every detail so it glosses over them, except when we go way off-script it wouldn't have an answer and that's why nobody can help me!"

The tight grip on Jaune's shoulder released their hold, and the drunkard collapsed onto his seat. He was crying, unable to control his emotions.

"And that's why… I'll be like this forever… I'm sorry, Kara… I'm sorry, Elizabeth… I'm sorry…"

Peace and quiet returned to the ramen stall. A blanket settled over the sleeping drunkard, courtesy of Elizabeth. She patted him soothingly, lovingly, on his back before turning to Jaune and the others.

"My apologies, customers. The loss of his ability has caused him some distress."

"That's more than some," said Jaune, one hand smoothing his chest.

"It is only temporary. He will return to his old self in no time, then it'll be back to conquering worlds and defeating armies for him," the woman asserted with confidence. "As compensation for the disturbance, please enjoy your meal for free."

Beneath the generous offer was a firm tone declaring the conversation over. Elizabeth turned away from them and busied with cleaning up the empty bottles littering the area, her back a hint that they shouldn't press the issue.

Jaune looked at Tattletale. Tattletale looked at Escha. Escha was already chowing down. They took their cue from the cat.

Yet, even as they ate their food, the subject was impossible to ignore for long.

"What did you think of that, Tattletale?" Jaune finally ventured to ask. "Could he have been right?"

The girl shrugged, munching on fishcake. "It's nothing that complicated. He literally described a pyramid scheme. Muddled leadership, the use of patsies as faces, and moving defective products are classic signs of the set-up. Heck, the way the contractors aped the scheme on the convention floor by pushing stuff they don't want down to newer people like us is a key part of it, too. If you ask me, he was looking for an excuse to blame his situation on 'everyone' rather than admitting that he was a rube that fell for the scam. Either way, does it matter?"

Jaune thought on it.

"I suppose not."

"Exactly. We still have no leads on who to talk to about the whole shebang!"

"Oh, that's what you mean," he murmured.

"Hm?"

"...It's nothing. Let's eat and go home. We can try another day."

Since the drunkard would not miss it, Jaune retrieved his bottle of rice wine and poured himself a cup. As he sipped the drink, he cast his gaze over the convention.

What an ugly place.

Strong, powerful people strode these grounds. He had envied them. The floating islands above represented where he needed to be, and the floor a mire where he was forced to wallow.

Peel back the curtains, and nobody understood what was going on or had a leader to tell them the reason why. In that void, they dreamed up causes for the actions they took, breaking as they discovered the cracks to the narrative. To him, it seemed that rather than what they wanted, more power only gave these guys the fear of losing it all. They strutted and swaggered like they owned the place, but adhered to the rules with the meekness of lambs.

Everyone was some form of delusional or a wreck. Everyone lied to themselves.

He didn't think he would come back again.


-o-​


Someone built a golf course in the Void.

Scratch that, Jaune was giving it too much credit. The thin strip of land stretched impossibly long, but measured less than five strides across. A bed of artificial turf covered the dark stone which formed the island. Off in the far, far distance, a flag on a pole marked the 1st hole.

"What are you up to now?" he asked the young man with black eyes, who stood on the tee with feet apart and a golf club aimed at the little white ball.

The Outsider answered without looking at him. "Working on my swing."

A second golf bag blinked into existence next to Jaune. He alternated his gaze between it and the Outsider, then gave up on questioning the situation to begin rifling through the selection of clubs.

"Okay, I'm game. Just don't start spouting socioeconomics at me, and we're good."

"Ah, yes. 'Are you a man or a slave' was how it goes? I did appear within his dreams, near the end. I posed to him a similar question, in case he happened to have the answer."

"Really? What did you say?" With no clue of what the different ones did, he copied the Outsider and grabbed the club with the biggest head.

"'What of I?' I asked him. I am a god, but am I free?"

Done with his practice swings, the Outsider lined up for a shot. Only then did Jaune realize his disadvantage.

"Don't you control this space to an extent? I would think that makes the whole game moot."

"You are not wrong," the Outsider replied. As ever, there was no change to the expression of boredom he wore. "I can perfectly predict what each shift of my body will lead to. Before it leaves the tee, I can name the number of seconds that the ball would take to land in the hole, insofar that we perceive time here. Calculations play no part of it. I simply know."

The Outsider pulled back his arms, body rotating until the head of the golf club hit its zenith. The scene paused for a brief eternity, fit for a picture.

The resultant swing was so effortless that it appeared almost carelessly done. The club struck the golf ball with a sharp thwack to send it careening through the empty Void, a dot in the endless darkness.

Jaune followed the course of the ball, and at first, he was certain in his opinion. No way, no how would it work out. The distance was too far and the course too narrow, the very end of it seeming to compare with the width of a rope to his eyes.

Then, he revised that assumption. The ball flew nearer and nearer to the little flag on the horizon, and he soon became adamant that it would not even bounce once on the grass before reaching its target.

And, as expected, it…

It missed?

He spun toward the Outsider, incredulity written clear across his face.

"What was all that talk about being all-knowing!?" he yelled.

The Outsider showed no anger or disappointment at his failure, his deadened emotions keeping him blank. But as Jaune looked into the pitch black eyes, he could have sworn he saw a flicker of something there.

"An unexpected deviation."

"Here, in your world? Pull the other one."

"It is the truth," the Outsider stated matter-of-factly. "A guest of mine wishes to see my surprised face. It would never work, of course, but they were undeterred by the prospect and have made a game of it. Luckily for them, they retain a measure of their power. Enough to effect a small change in the probabilities."

The Outsider moved off to the side, allowing Jaune to take position at the tee.

He had never played golf. That was a city game. Thus, his stance and technique might qualify as an insult to the sport. He pressed on, nevertheless, mimicking from memory what his opponent had done.

Halfway through the swing, he faltered.

"Tell me if I'm wrong, but couldn't you have corrected the course of the ball as it flies?"

"I could, yes, but you know me. It is far more interesting to watch where it goes."

Meaning, he would likely also refrain from cheating on Jaune's turn. With greater confidence, Jaune swung the golf club.

He experienced a brief burst of elation, for the ball managed to cross a bigger distance than he expected. He wasn't half-bad at this, was his thought. That grew into confusion as the ball continued to fly farther.

Then, farther.

Then farther and farther and still farther until… it landed in the hole.

Jaune stood slack-jawed. Speechless, he forgot to even celebrate.

"A cheater to the end," the Outsider said after a short beat.

Waking from his stupor, Jaune balked. "Whuh? I don't even know how that happened!"

"I do, and no, I am yet to be surprised." The Outsider strode past him, and the golf course shrank in a blink to measure a mere few yards from them, allowing him to walk over and retrieve his golf ball. "Next hole, now."

A new course bloomed into being, a mind-bending tract of terrain that Jaune wasn't sure existed in three dimensions. The Outsider was unfazed by the accusing glare Jaune leveled at him, taking his turn on the tee. With a huff, Jaune joined him.

And as he played golf, Jaune thought and thought and thought. It really was a fascinating game.

An unexpected deviation. A small thing that could change the entire scenario.

The contractors were a blight. They were also beings capable of supreme abilities that broke the rules of reality over their knees. He had wondered how he could possibly fight the whole lot of them, dreaming of methods to shield entire worlds from intrusion by people the likes he had met at the convention. It required powers on a cosmic scale that was very easy for him to think of… only because he had not the beginning of an idea of big that was. He might as well be a kid shouting 'Ultimate Barrier'.

This grand endeavor called for a hero, in truth. But it hadn't been a hero to bring an end to Jax Darkphenix. A middling nobody of no import did that. There were a whole lot of those out there in the many universes.

Jaune killed Jax, and met no retaliation. Whatever the Company was, it did not care. So, what would happen if someone else killed the contractor of their world? What if every contractor faced the risk of dying to someone? It need not be him.

A chance. That was the best a person like him could offer.

As sure as the tide, a world coming to the attention of a Company man would fall under his thrall. And yet, the possibility would always remain that one among the populace might set it free.

Didn't that sound doable?

Of course, the notion belonged to a far-off future. He had more immediate concerns.

Because from that day onward, Tattletale stopped leaving her bed.


-o-​


The girl thought she would get her answers. She found many, too many. Terrible things, about the world and about her own person.

And yet, even here, she failed to find what she had always been searching for, the reason why.

In the end, the only thing Lisa Wilbourn truly learned was that she hated herself.


Author's Notes: Is the Company just a pyramid scheme? A memetic device?

Maybe it hides among us, like some sort of… Among Us.

Whatever the case, the mysterious Company remains an elusive thing.
Last edited: Dec 1, 2025
Stories:
QQ Sneaking His Way into the Multiverse , a RWBY Jaune, WC-lite mechanics story.
Other RWBY stories on AO3 or FF - Yakuza Arc | Conquered Menagerie: Annals of the Sixth Kingdom | Cat, Bunny, and the Good Ship Honey Starbright | The Agent
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, m213, Arkan10 and 603 others
LazyAutumnMoon
Nov 29, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 58: Youth, Adventure, and Other Delusions
View content
LazyAutumnMoon
LazyAutumnMoon
We all need Sundancer in our life.
JoinedJun 7, 2024
Messages289
Likes received68,284
Dec 5, 2025
Add bookmark
#4,840
Chapter 58: Youth, Adventure, and Other Delusions​


Daylight greeted the otherworld apartment, and it ran smack dab against a wall of gloom.

What once used to be a bright and airy place seemed to have had the life sucked out of it. Absent was the merry (or more like, annoying) click-clacking of a computer keyboard often heard throughout the day, the random bouts of singing gone the way of the dodo (a turn of phrase introduced to Jaune by Lisa which he didn't quite get, since the dodo was alive and thriving so far as he knew). On the bed tucked into the corner of one side of the room, blankets formed a lump of misery with only the very top of its pretty blonde head poking out.

From the other side of the room, where it stunk of false cheer among various things, Jaune made his way over to the lump. In his hands he held the latest attempt to dispel the poor mood, a serving tray bearing a piping-hot bowl of soup.

"Lisa, time to eat. I made it extra special!" Then, quietly to himself. "Sort of, but not really. I'm no five-star chef or even a half-star cook, sooo…"

He knelt down next to Escha, who was tending to a blue mushroom set on the nightstand. She had picked the biggest, prettiest one of the lot in the thinking that seeing it would cheer Lisa up. How, he dared not ask, for the felyne mind was a mysterious thing that few men were ready to comprehend. The tray went on the edge of the bed, and he gently blew on the steam coming off the bowl so that the aroma wafted in Lisa's direction.

Clam chowder. 'New England' clam chowder. Lisa pointed the area out to him on a map once. It encompassed a section of land that included Brockton Bay, and was located clear on the other side of the massive Kingdom from where Lisa grew up.

Which, to Jaune's mind, should make it at once familiar and exotic. Something Lisa hadn't gotten much of a chance to enjoy but possibly would want to, perhaps. The 'extra special' part came from the liberties he took with the recipe, having bought clams from the Marketplace to add into the soup as the original contents of the can seemed to contain far more potatoes than the titular namesake ingredient of the dish. Not exactly a groundbreaking innovation in the culinary arts by any means, it was the extent to which he was willing to experiment given his limited skills. All he was looking for was a somewhat recognizable and—fingers crossed—nostalgic meal to draw the depressed girl out of her funk.

His heart quickened as the lump on the bed began to stir. The top of Lisa's head turned over, going from facing the wall to facing him. The blanket slipped until her eyes were visible. Dull, lethargic green peeked out from behind a curtain of blonde hair.

"Hey, good morning," he said softly with a smile. "You hungry?"

As encouragement, he scooped a spoonful of soup and held it closer to her. Lisa stared at it for a good, long while.

Then, she vanished beneath the blanket.

"...not h'ngry…" she muttered, her voice missing that lively energy he had grown so used to hearing. In the middle of tending to the decorative mushroom, Escha mewed a soft whine and patted him on the back for a good try.

He set the tray aside, and groaned, "Lisa, it's been two days. You have to eat something." The lump refused to move, and Jaune changed tack, drawing on his past experience with other Annoying Blondes in this situation. His voice grew stern. "Going hungry never helps, but I'm not going to beg you to eat. You're old enough to understand that. I'm leaving this here for you, and I'll get the bath ready for when you take a shower."

With that done, he signaled for Escha to follow him. A quick detour to the bathroom with fresh towels and hair care items, and they resettled at the dining table.

The felyne, nervous, climbed onto the table to speak into his ear.

"Is this a good idea? What if you make her feel lonely?"

"Babying her can hurt her pride more," he replied. "People know how to take care of themselves, and treating them otherwise might cause them to feel like they're useless. Lisa in particular hates that. Watch, she'll do something."

They waited.

"Any second now."

And waited.

"Aaany second now."

A minute became ten, became half an hour. As Jaune and Escha fidgeted in uncomfortable silence, they would give the lump on the bed an occasional glance. The bowl of soup had gone cold, the wisps of steam drifting above it long faded.

But then, a movement drew their eyes. A hand extended from within the blanket folds, reaching out to the clam chowder! It—It—!

It pushed the bowl of soup a couple of inches further away, and withdrew back under the sheets.

"Oh, come on," Jaune snapped, leaping to his feet and pointing a finger in accusation. "Now you're just trying to screw with me and you know it."

"...Dunno what you're mphrmrmrm…" the words trailed off, dampened under layers of blanket. Lisa did not see him stomping his feet and tearing at his hair. It was the same pattern playing on repeat ever since she finished that cursed book.

Once his latest bout of frustration subsided, Jaune said, "What could have been so bad, Lisa? What did you read to make you like this?"

Unfortunately, Lisa seemed to have turtled up again.

"You faced the whole lineup of the Brockton Bay PRT, and got through it. You met Leviathan. Bakuda, twice. What can possibly give you trouble?"

Silence.

"Is this about Skitter—"

A thick book slammed against his nose. It hadn't hurt much, but in his surprise he yelped at the blow. His reflexes were working just fine, though, grabbing the object before it hit the ground so that he now held the offending piece of literature responsible for Lisa's state in his hands, the embossed title 'Worm' mockingly sitting in front of his face. He weighed the merits of burning it.

The full force of Lisa rammed into him an instant later, which he thought was a rather drastic course of action no matter how much a person regretted giving away their stuff. The tackle brought them both to the floor. He caught a fleeting look of a mess of runny makeup and unkempt hair, and the utter panic beneath, then Lisa managed to rip the stack of papers from his hands. The girl hid it behind her as she backed off, shrinking from him as if paranoid that he would demand she pass it over. As he opened his mouth to do exactly that, she scrambled for the bed.

There was a moment where he considered outrunning her. He suspected it would do more harm than good, however, and so allowed her to dive under the covers to once again become a lump, this time with the book firmly ensconced at the center.

When it came down to it, they had gotten Lisa out of bed. All in all, Jaune would call that progress.

"Go away!"

Or not.

"Excuse me?" he asked, sitting up.

Through the layers protecting Lisa from the world outside, her muffled voice commanded, "Just go away and leave me alone!"

Jaune sighed, and let himself fall flat on the floor again.

"Yeah, that's what I thought you said…" He rubbed his eyes. "Are you asking me and Escha to sleep in the bathroom?"

"No."

He waited for more. Shortly, she obliged.

"Away, away."

"Can't do, sorry," he said. It sounded all kinds of reckless to abandon her by herself. "But…"


-o-​


How long was long enough? An hour? A day?

Jaune pondered the question as he lay back upon a grassy hill, beneath golden leaves rustling in the wind. Above him stretched the bright, blue sky. It was early autumn, at a guess.

An absentminded toss of his hand, and his scroll flew up high. The device twirled end over end, reaching a zenith then dropping back down to hit his palm with a smack. After a short lull, he did it again. The small piece of amusement helped to while away the time.

Really, what was it with Annoying Blondes that they spit on the concern of others? Always with the "I'm fine!" and barring themselves alone in their room to sulk. Eighteen years on Remnant—or not, as it were—and he still hadn't figured it out.

Ah, well. He was out of Lisa's hair, as she demanded. It solved nothing at all, but he had no other solution to offer. They did come to a compromise in that Escha would stay to watch her during his absence. Even now, the uncertainty of what was happening in the apartment scratched at the back of his mind.

"They sure are missing out," he said, gazing at the distant mountains.

Sheer cliff walls formed a broken, yet gorgeous, landscape of cascading waterfalls and river streams to lend the mountain range an ethereal air. Like spears, towering columns rose to the sky to create a forest of stone. The tallest of them pierced the clouds, adorned by groves of trees whose leaves were cast in red and gold. Sure-footed goats leapt from one precarious outcropping to the next, and eagles glided between the rocky spires.

Catching the scroll, he slid the screen open and snapped another picture of the stunning view. It went into an album with dozens of its brethren taken over the course of the afternoon. Hours he had spent here, unable to tire of the sight.

Daylight would not last forever, though. He had a decision to make.

Jaune peered down the hill. A mechanized suit of armor lay in an approximate mirror of him, the glass canopy open. The ill-advised attempt to pilot it had ended with him promptly falling flat. He'd put off the next try for later, and saw no need to mention this one to Lisa and Escha.

Beyond the AMP suit was a road. Unpaved, the simple dirt path had been worn down by decades of footprints and wheel marks. It extended across the wide plains existing at the foot of the mountains, winding through shallow hills. To the north, Jaune spied a mighty tree with, if he was not mistaken, houses built into the branches. To the south, an island floated in the air, upon its back a palace. These scenes told of civilization in full bloom unlike the dilapidated hut where the portal had placed him.

He could go home, or he could follow this road and see the places waiting at the end. The idea of coming back with a boatload of treasures to dazzle Lisa's eyes held a certain appeal.

Staying for a while longer won out. The mech returned to the Expansion-Charmed bag. As it could not enter into his Pocket for whatever reason, he looped the strings around a nice stick he found on the ground. Once done, Jaune set off with it hanging over his shoulder.

For the next hour, he followed the road at a brisk pace.

These plains seemed endless, the fantastical height of the mountains creating the illusion of an unchanging horizon. In no hurry, he took his time, detouring to enjoy interesting sights from fields of tall silvergrass to pools of water the color of jade. The picture of a small fox dipping into the water for a bath became his new wallpaper, and would be the first thing he showed his companions. The peace and serenity did him a lot of good.

At the close of the hour, Jaune spotted the first people in this world.

Immediately, rockets fired beneath his heels to throw him forward at breakneck speed as he broke into a run. Those people were being waylaid by the wildlife.

The strange creatures looked like nothing he had ever encountered. Round and gelatinous blobs of varying sizes, lacking limbs. The smallest compared to a basketball, the largest more like a couch. They bounced as a means of locomotion, and at first appeared almost cute. That was, until one decided to imitate a dragon and spat a long line of fire. Another grew a spiky layer of ice and shot at one of the humans, nearly skewering him before that boy managed to get a sword in between them.

As Jaune approached and gained a better view of the situation, some of his concern bled off. The duo contending against the blobs clearly had an idea of what they were doing.

Watching the boy fight was like looking at his past self. Clad in simple and hardy clothes, the boy charged straight ahead, the wild swings of his sword cleaving through the air. The power was there, finesse less so. It worked for his purposes even if the reckless advance earned the boy a number of blows he should have seen coming. Despite the distance, Jaune heard the boy's roars of defiance and will.

Now, the fire magic was something Jaune had no experience with, and yes, he seethed with envy as he saw the boy slam his sword into the ground to create a fiery blast that blew both him and his foe off their feet. Sword explosions? That was magic he could appreciate.

The technique required a little tweaking, though. Jaune winced as the blobs swarmed the boy while he was on the ground, pounding him into the dirt with their weight. Fire, water, and electrical zaps rained down on the boy.

His companion fared better. Jaune didn't recognize her style of combat at first, but on a closer look found that she wielded a bow. Given that, one would expect her up on a vantage point or at a remove, except she fought at near point-blank range, weaving between her opponents with grace. As one of the creatures, a red variant, breathed a gout of flames at her, the girl spun out of the way and simultaneously returned fire with an arrow of light that pierced the blob to pop it like a balloon. The arrow vanished seconds later, with two more already flying to her next targets. A bird flew around the girl, crackling with an odd purple lightning that sometimes imbued her arrows, devastating the foes it struck.

Since she had matters in hand, Jaune chose to lend aid to the boy first. Crocea Mors materialized in his free hand as he entered into range, and it swept across the air above the prone body. There was a brief resistance when the blade came into contact with one of the creatures, its skin somewhat tough and springy, but the sharp steel sliced past that and the blob at once burst open to splash water over him. Momentum carried the sword onward to cut through another blob, then the next, reducing them to wisps of air and splatters of water.

While warding off the rest with his sword, Jaune extended a hand.

"Hey, you alive?"

The boy grabbed on, letting Jaune pull him up. This close, his youth was all the more apparent. 15 or 16, maybe. Blond hair that was almost white made him seem older.

"Thanks a lot, stranger, but don't count me out yet!" said the boy. "Get ready!"

His eyes flicked past Jaune's shoulder. Without looking, Jaune stabbed his sword behind himself, spearing a blob as the other boy got a second one that was aiming for the back of his head. They separated to give each other room, then launched a united offensive on the swarming blobs. The creatures were suicidally stupid, seeming to care not one whit for their lives. The next minute became a blur of heat, cold, and wet as Jaune waged war on adorable, sentient pudding.

"Whooo! You're amazing!" the boy praised as they exploded out of the other side of the swarm.

Jaune gave the boy a once-over. "And you're… dying."

The boy's face was a mess of bruises, a shoulder singed black and blood flowing down an arm.

Yet, that boy only chuckled at his predicament. "Just a flesh wound. Eheh."

"Yeah, sure, now please drink this." Jaune tossed him a green potion from Escha's newest batch, and moved to intercept an icy blob before it could bash the boy's head in.

"My wounds, they're healed!... I'mma go handle that big slime!"

Fixing the boy up turned out to be a bad idea. A split second to marvel over his newfound health, and the boy was leaping again into the fray without a lick of concern for himself. Cursing, Jaune ran after him to help watch his back, which might have gone better if the boy would cease with his insistence on protecting Jaune from danger. They jockeyed for place at the front, each shouting reassurances to the other that they 'got this'.

Nevertheless, they emerged victorious. The blob—The slime that seemed to rule over this pack enjoyed a hardier hide than its smaller brethren, but that amounted to not much of an advantage at all given the sharpness of Crocea Mors. A good, deep stab and it exploded to drop a deluge of water onto the area. The rest of them lost any semblance of unit cohesion at that point, their predictable hops a simple matter to sidestep and return blow.

In the aftermath, he performed a flourish to shake off the slime residue along the blade of Crocea Mors, and it vanished into his Pocket.

Jaune would admit to a measure of pride as the other boy oohed and ahhed with sufficient flattery for the maneuver. Less so when the boy mimicked the move with sparkling eyes. His sword bounced off a rock laying on the ground and would have sliced across his throat if Jaune hadn't pulled him out of harm's way by the collar. A jab of a stimpak needle took care of the frankly ludicrous amount of wounds that the boy had accumulated over the past few minutes. In what to Jaune was quite a surprise, the boy possessed some sort of dimensional pocket of his own in which he stowed his weapon.

Fists raised to the sky, the boy cheered, "We did it—oh wait!" The boy whirled in the direction of the girl, whose existence he and Jaune definitely did not forget.

Their worries were for naught. Due in no small part to them distracting the bulk of the swarm, her side of the fight went at a smoother pace. It resembled a dance, almost. The girl dipped and twirled, untouchable by her foes. She even moved on tiptoes, he noticed. The slimes died in quick succession, arrows punching with accuracy through their center. Not long after Jaune's battle, hers came to an end.

Or so he thought.

Suddenly, the girl fell to her knees right before the last slime. The purple balloon thing rumbled with barely-contained electricity. Yet, as the seconds went by, Jaune realized that she wouldn't, or couldn't, kill it.

There was no time to think or second-guess himself. Rockets engaged to maximum output, he jumped to intervene. The distance between them closed in a blink.

The girl was rambling at the purple slime, overcome by terror. His heart squeezed tight at the awful scene. Never fear, for Jaune Arc was here!

He planted one foot solidly on the ground with the other swinging back for a kick. A flash of light set his eyes aglow, his Semblance pulled to the fore.

"—do not have to worry, o blessed child of Electro, for mine shall be a most benevolent rule. A feast for thine, and pamperings galore—"

With a roar, Jaune punted the slime to the far horizon.

"That's what you get!" he yelled after the glinting star in the sky.

His gaze swept across the area for signs of further hostility. Only once certain of their safety did he spin on his heels to kneel down beside the girl. She had ceased speaking, mouth hanging open in a stupor.

Gently, he said, "Are you injured? Don't worry, I have something that can help."

At that, the girl drew herself up, prompting him to stop short with his hands full of restoratives. Behind her blonde bangs, she wore an eyepatch and the one visible eye shone a lively green as it glared at him.

"T-To cruelly slaughter a fated subject of the Prinzessin der Verurteilung, are you some manner of heartless beast sent by mine enemies? I—I—"

The girl sniffled, striving to hold back tears. Jaune had never felt more like a heel.


-o-​


Three people and a bird traveled by foot on a dirt road. Besides the bird, everyone was some manner of blond, but that was just a simple coincidence. It did not mean they were related by blood in any way.

"Don't mind her, mister. Fischl isn't one to hold a grudge."

So said Bennett, the boy whom Jaune fought alongside earlier. The angry stare that Jaune could feel on the back of his neck suggested otherwise.

Also, 'mister'?

Hm. Hmhm. He truly was, wasn't he, all older and wiser and other admirable qualities? He liked it. No need for fire magic when he had respectability.

"I assure you that Mein Fräulein has a boundless heart… In other words, she will forget this matter by dinner time." Fischl's bird could talk. Jaune had seen stranger things, and so wasn't even fazed by it anymore. The fellow had a reliable air to him, although petting him was a no-no considering his nature as a raven-shaped bolt of lightning.

"No, I won't!" Fischl squawked. Then, with a jolt, she turned back to Jaune with a haughty expression. "I mean, ahem, take all that Oz proclaims in jest. It is merely that the affairs of mortals concern this one not. Forsooth, 'tis the endless cycle of our destruction that drives beast and man to seek each other's lives. The fault therefore lies not with you but with the world, so take heart that you may one day earn my forgiveness."

"She is susceptible to bribes," added the bird, Oz.

"Oz! Put it more delicately!"

Well, now. That piece of advice put Jaune on firmer footing. He was no stranger to distracting Annoying Blondes—which this child seemed to qualify—with presents.

"I'll get you something nice, I promise," he said.

With none of her bombastic air, Fischl fidgeted with her gaze turned downward. "Um, you don't have to," she mumbled shyly.

Jaune gave her a noncommittal grunt. Inwardly, he revised his image of Fischl along with his plans. A good kid deserved twice the amount of gifts.

"Still… Oz, huh?" he mused aloud. "You know, I knew a guy named Ozpin. He even talks a bit like you."

"Whaaat? Is Ozpin a bird, too?" Bennett asked in an exaggerated fashion, though Jaune learned early on that it was just his nature. The boy strode ahead of everybody, and had turned to walk backward in order to talk to them.

Jaune shook his head. "He was a human. The headmaster of the academy I attended, in fact."

"His true form, mayhap," Fischl cut in. "Yet who could say what shape he may take as his soul crosses the borders of reality. Why, Oz here is a fine example. His days in my home world of Immernachtreich were spent in equal measure as raven and dashing gentleman."

"My memories are rather hazy of those times. Apologies, Mein Fräulein."

"Oh please, dear Oz, do not apologize. I relish the chance to recount the olden tales. Few from this world know of my legend."

Home world. This world. Jaune's pace slowed as he turned the phrases over in scrutiny. With care, he observed Fischl, noting the clear disconnect between her style of dress and that of a person like Bennett. Ruffles and ribbons on a rich fabric, dyed in black and violet, in place of proper travel garb. Speech patterns that bordered on incomprehensible to those unfamiliar with her, as if deriving from an entirely separate culture.

He couldn't believe it.

Zooming in close, he dropped his hands on her shoulders, peering into her one visible eye with a serious look.

"You too?"

"Pardon?" Fischl squeaked, thrown by the sudden shift in his demeanor.

"You're from another world, like me?" he pressed.

Slowly, the startled look on Fischl's face changed, blooming into a bright grin.

"Yes! I most certainly am!" She tossed her hair, and laughed. "Verily, to imagine that our paths may have crossed with but a moment's chance. What fortune guides our fate that we meet again in strange lands!"

Quite a turnaround from earlier epithets of beast, cad, scoundrel, and the like. He was also pretty sure he never met this girl before in his life, but the time shenanigans theoretically possible with the portal made that assertion rather iffy. He might not have met this girl before yet.

"Whoooa," went Bennett in awe. "I can't believe I'm meeting a second traveler from another world! Hey, mister, is the princess's home really as amazing as she says?" he asked, almost hopping in excitement. "Is it?"

Jaune glanced at Fischl, whose face had begun to sweat profusely. She gave him a jerky nod.

"Yes?" he ventured.

"I knew it!" Bennett shouted, pumping his fists. "One day, I'm going to go there. No ifs, ands, or buts."

"Ah-Ahem." Fischl drew herself up in a regal pose. "And on that day, thou shall be welcomed with all due honors as a true companion of the Prinzessin der Verurteilung. Unfortunately, that happy occasion will be a long time yet, and so might I suggest we put our efforts toward the vital quest entrusted to our care? Royalty such as I must answer the wishes of the common masses, after all."

"Right!" agreed Bennett easily. "Oh man, I'm so stoked! The adventures are just lining up one after another for Benny's Adventure Team!"

Since he did not have his eyes on the road, Bennett failed to see the rock on the ground and he promptly tripped over it. Having been on the lookout for that exact scenario, Jaune lunged forward to seize the clumsy boy by the shirt, yanking him upright and putting him back on his feet before Bennett even realized.

The boy patted himself down, surprised at the lack of injuries. The uncertainty soon faded, replaced by the bottomless well of energy he seemed to possess.

"Thanks a lot, boss!"

Boss. Jaune liked that one, too.

"From the sound of it, you two have an idea of what's ahead on this road," he said, fishing for information.

"Yeah, Liyue Harbor should be right around the corner," Bennett explained as he pointed at the mountain crevice down the road. He then regarded Jaune oddly. "You didn't know? How come you were traveling this way?"

Jaune pushed his hands into his jacket pockets, leaning back as he walked to bask in the breeze. The sun was starting to set, and the mountains had taken on an orange glow. Beautiful, it was.

"I'm just doing what any traveler would," he said with a lazy smile.

Bennett scratched his cheek. "I don't really get it… but that's amazing! As for us, me and Fischl got a job from the Adventurers' Guild to deliver a letter. There's someone that needs to arrange funeral rites in the Liyue custom."

"Wouldn't that be a job for a mailman or a courier?" Jaune asked with a frown.

"Perish the thought," said Fischl. "Why, the uncountable dangers of this journey can only be matched by one with my forbidden powers."

Bennett chimed in. "Honestly, Katheryne was going to give it to someone else until I beg—volunteered for it. Between me and Fischl, we convinced her to let us give it a shot."

"Did she say what the problem was?"

"I wouldn't call it a problem," said Bennett. "It's just that we haven't ever left Mondstadt before."

"Katheryne does worry so," Fischl sighed. "Yet, every rose must bloom, and the time has come for I, the Prinzessin der Verurteilung, to retake my rightful position of worldwide acclaim. 'Twas the fate written in the stars, and as the proud creed of that grandest endeavor proclaims—ad astra abyssosque!"

"Ad astra abyssosque!" Bennett echoed with all his heart.

Jaune jotted down a mental note to find out what the heck that meant later.

Oz flew over to him, and whispered, "The kind receptionist was afraid they would get lost along the way. She only agreed once I assured her I had memorized the map."

He laughed under his breath at the revelation. This Katheryne sounded like quite a mother hen.

Their party arrived at the gap between the mountain, and passed under the stone arch. As they crested a slope, a city came into view. Jaune whistled at the sight.

Bustling was a good word to describe it. Set beside the sea, dozens of ships were coming and going. The docks formed a hive of activity with little figures running pell-mell. The city was built to fit the natural contours of the mountains, and further up from the docks he spied hundreds, maybe thousands, of people walking through the streets.

The buildings featured that particular style of Mistral. Sloped roofs with upturned corners. The upper floors grew smaller as they stacked higher, with outside walkways lined by intricate balconies. A lot of red and gold.

Above it all floated an island, on that a palace. It reminded him of Atlas the time his family visited, except for one thing.

Atlas had overshadowed Mantle. Cast it into an eternal gloom that seeped into the very life of the people there. He hadn't enjoyed the lower city as much as its upper half.

This island, it… illuminated. It crowned the city. Apart, yet a part.

They followed the road, and soon made it down to the grand gates of Liyue. A small setback, namely his lack of identification papers, was resolved when the two members in good standing of the Mondstadt Adventurer's Guild vouched for him, as did news of their important task.

"Wangsheng Funeral Parlor? Rex Lapis helps you poor bastards," the guard muttered as Jaune walked by him, which was not at all worrying.

Getting on the main avenue, they joined the throngs of people. The streets were packed despite the onset of evening, often forcing them to walk shoulder to shoulder. Roadside stalls hawked snacks and drinks, but also goods of all stripes. Jade figurines, gold jewelries, good luck charms, and more.

"Woooow, it's so different from Mondstadt…" Fischl gushed, twirling around and around to take in every detail. With a jerk, she composed herself. "I mean… Lo! What evanescent beauty graces mine eyes. 'Tis a fair reminder of sweet Immernachtreich which yonder lies."

Her fellow adventurer held no such reservations, and was running to and fro to look at whatever caught his fancy.

Jaune alternated his gaze between the two overexcited kids, and chuckled at the pure wonder on their faces. They were becoming distracted at record speed. That was to be expected of one's first trip far from home.

He had his own problems right now, but…

"Alright, you two, steady on." As the experienced person, it was up to him to take charge. He clapped his hands together to refocus their attention. "You have a job to do."

"They're selling books over there! Oz, let's go!"

"Swords! So many swords! So cool!"

Jaune sighed as he watched their disappearing backs. He got the sense that he was going to have a busy time wrangling these kids.


Universe: Genshin Impact.
Location: Liyue. Event: The Drowned Yaksha​


Author's Notes: (⩌_⩌)
Stories:
QQ Sneaking His Way into the Multiverse , a RWBY Jaune, WC-lite mechanics story.
Other RWBY stories on AO3 or FF - Yakuza Arc | Conquered Menagerie: Annals of the Sixth Kingdom | Cat, Bunny, and the Good Ship Honey Starbright | The Agent
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Amdiranifani, WinterPhoenix and 552 others
LazyAutumnMoon
Dec 5, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 59: The One Sure Thing About Life
View content
LazyAutumnMoon
LazyAutumnMoon
We all need Sundancer in our life.
JoinedJun 7, 2024
Messages289
Likes received68,284
Dec 10, 2025
Add bookmark
#4,911
Chapter 59: The One Sure Thing About Life​


Jaune bit down on the meatball drenched in hot sauce and tore it off the skewer. Next to him, Bennett, adventuring youth extraordinaire, did the same. Tears cascaded down their cheeks.

"Sho spicy… but sho good!" praised Bennett past a mouth full of food.

Tongue numb and unable to speak, Jaune simply nodded. The chef had outdone herself. Without modern cooking appliances, to boot.

"Fischl is missing out, wherever she is," Bennett added.

He nodded again, directing his gaze down the road. Unlike the other boy, he had the presence of mind to keep one eye on the girl named Fischl after they got separated. Way, way over there he caught a glimpse of a head of blonde hair bouncing up and down as a rather short individual strove to look past the shoulders of people taller than herself. She had yet to register their absence, and the heavy pedestrian traffic was steadily sweeping her away.

Oops, and it seemed she finally took notice. Her head swiveled to and fro as she scanned the crowd in rising alarm. As befitting an adventurer, relatively new or not, the girl defaulted to action. A quick command sent Oz, her raven, flying off to search for him and Bennett… thus leaving her completely alone in an unfamiliar city, a predicament which soon dawned on her. The image of a confident princess transformed into that of a shy wallflower in a blink, hugging the book she just bought to her chest for comfort as she waited for the sight of a friendly face.

Thump!

And while he would very much like to make his way over there, he had a more immediate concern on his hand. Jaune looked down.

"Are you jinxed, Bennett?"

"Huuurgh! Gack!"

Bennett did not, or rather, could not give a coherent reply, laying in a heap on the side of the road and holding his tongue. One of the meatballs on the skewer had a bite taken out of it, revealing what appeared to be half of a whole pepper mixed in with the ground meat, hot to the point that it glowed. The cook must have forgotten to dice it up into little pieces, so what should have gone into twenty different meatballs had concentrated within a single one.

It marked the third occasion where a mishap struck Bennett in—Jaune checked his scroll—about half an hour. Something something once, twice, and three times.

Was this how Lisa felt while traveling with him, always dreading when the next disaster would strike?

Nah, couldn't be. He was an angel.

After he pulled the other boy up, a few cups of water helped Bennett's lips regain a semblance of their normal size. The pair disposed of the wooden skewers, then once again continued their journey along the thoroughfare. Progress was slow as they drank in the sights.

On the first look, life in Liyue seemed very… very outside. People searching for a meal would find it sold at dozens of wooden stalls, cooked on tiny stovetops and sold right next to the season's latest fashion. Chefs that made it big worked in simple kitchens set in likewise simple buildings, with short tables and chairs put out next to the road. Gambling games were played on the pavement, participants squatting on their haunches. Bards lingered on the periphery of the crowd to recount tales for coins, attracting audiences that clogged up the path. Lisa would probably call it a microcosm of society; Jaune just called it a street.

He crossed under a bridge spanning the road, painted with that same deep red that much of the city favored, and his eyes happened to meet that of a young woman above. She hmphed at him before hiding her face behind a fancy hand fan. The attitude surprised him none, not by now. As a whole, the indoor spaces featured a more upscale atmosphere and bridges like this one connected different buildings together, allowing their patrons to avoid mingling among the scrum of dirty, sweating humanity down here. It did not stop them from watching and pointing, the city a circus with which they found their little amusements.

His attention drifted to a staircase leading upward, and he contemplated the idea of climbing them. The look on that haughty woman's face should she have to share the same air as him provided a powerful motivator. The guards stationed everywhere throughout the city had posted some of their members at the foot of the stairs. From what he could tell, they were never so crass as to refuse entry for people who wanted to go past. Oh no, they simply suggested an alternative route, then let gazes full of judgment do the convincing.

…Eh, whatever. The people up there were the ones missing out. Too far below the true place of power, that palace floating in the sky, yet too high to hear the interesting tidbits and rumors of the street.

"Century eggs! Get your century eggs here!"

"Two of them, one in each arm, each with enormous—"

"Inazuma silks for sale, the first batch since trade routes reopened. Kimonos customized to taste, contact Beidou before she sets sail to put in your order!"

"Break the stone to find the jade, this could be your lucky day."

"...the whole village, I swear it. A miracle that everyone got out before it sank beneath the waves…"

"Outta the way, cabbage merchant!"

"Millennium egg, ten times better than a century—"

Bennett's voice cut through the hubbub, full of liveliness. "Boss, look, they even have gliders!"

Poor Fischl must remain a lost child for a while longer. Jaune adjusted course and followed Bennett to the indicated booth, the other boy practically losing his mind over the rack displaying odd contraptions that resembled bird wings. They were of beautiful craftsmanship, metal frames forged in various designs and the fabric richly painted to resemble the sky at different times of day. The wings measured a little longer than a person's arm span.

One thing he knew right off the bat, there was no way these gliders could fly. The shapes were wrong.

"Fresh from Mondstadt, the best makers on the continent. Each pair tested by an expert Outrider of the Knights of Favonius," the shopkeeper touted.

"That's good enough endorsement for me!" said Bennett, fumbling for his coin bag. "I've been meaning to get a new one. My old set broke after a tribe of hilichurls chased me off a cliff."

Proof that gliders could fall, not fly. Jaune leaned closer to read the price tag. Rapping his knuckles on the counter, he gained the attention of the merchant.

"You mentioned that these are imported?" he asked, receiving a nod. "Bennett, did you check how much it costs?"

"It's fiiine, gliders aren't all that ex—by the Archons, never mind!"

He laughed as Bennett hissed through his teeth at the outrageous price, and patted his back in sympathy. The past couple of shops had taught him a rough idea of the local currency's value.

"That's five times what I would spend in Mondstadt," the other boy lamented.

"Rarity carries a premium?" Jaune ventured a guess, to the emphatic agreement of the man behind the counter.

He had done enough grocery shopping for his parents back home to understand that a specialty from a foreign place often meant limited stock in the local market. Stuff produced in other Kingdoms flew off the shelves whenever the settlement got them. A seller could charge whatever they wanted. Judging by the extra zeroes, the gliders were akin to luxury goods around these parts.

"What good is this thing, anyway?" he asked the shopkeeper. "I have… concerns."

"It depends on the wind, honored customer, but I once saw a young lass leapt off the highest point in Mondstadt, and an hour later I swear she has yet to land. The blessing of the Anemo Archon is keenest felt under two wings, even in these far shores. The freedom of the sky could be yours today…" the man trailed off, waggling his eyebrows leadingly.

Not a bad sales pitch, all told. It piqued his interest because the the man seemed to believe the words he spouted, meaning the contraption deserved its due consideration. And, boy, did Jaune have ideas on that. With the rocket boots, he had propulsion. Assuming a glider worked as advertised, it could give him some proper lift. Combine them together, and the good ship Jaune Arc might then set sail into the clouds.

He fished out a handful of gold coins, displaying them to the shopkeeper. His stash had hit a level where they couldn't be spent willy-nilly, but it was for a good cause so Lisa would understand. Probably.

"If you can accept this in place of 'Mora', then you've got yourself a buyer."

His bright smile faded when the man peered at the coins with a careful eye.

"What strange things," the man murmured, blinking slowly. "Crude make, and they don't shine like Mora. Where did you find them?" Once done studying them, he straightened up and shook his head. "If it is as I surmise, I'm afraid your coins lack the purity found in the work of Rex Lapis. I hold serious doubts about their value beyond simple curios. Keep them, customer."

Jaune clicked his tongue in dismay. Stupid Rex Lapis, whoever they were.

There had to be a quick job he could pick up. Perhaps the Adventurer's Guild needed monsters slain. For the moment, however, he was out of luck.

"Never mind then, I suppose. I'll come by again one of these days," he said. A gesture, and the gold coins vanished into thin air. The trick earned him a round of soft applause from the man, but nothing more than that.

"My wares will be waiting," the shopkeeper assured him, before turning to Bennett. "Now what of you, young man?"

Bennett dithered for a while. In the end, he pulled out his purse. "I'll buy it. Can't be a proper adventurer without a glider, after all."

"A bit of an exaggeration there, don't you think?" said Jaune. He was somewhat of an adventurer type, and he got by just fine.

As goods and coins exchanged hands, Bennett answered, "It tops the list for the most useful tool in our arsenal. You can reach high places, escape from danger, scout for shelter and rivers… Some of my seniors in the guild even go further to call it a badge of the profession." Transaction concluded, he showed off his new purchase, a glider that evoked the image of a fiery sunset. "Wanna see how it flies, boss?"

Color him curious, because he very much did. Yet, Jaune instead hooked his arm around Bennett's neck.

"Hold on there, buddy." A raven alighted on his shoulder, talons raising tingles of electricity where it touched his jacket. The nature of its existence or a warning, Jaune had no intentions of finding out. "I think Fischl has waited long enough for us."

Indeed, the girl's eyes lit up upon their arrival. The lost look on her face vanished, and she rushed over without bothering to hide her relief.

"There you are—" Screeching to a halt, she performed a delicate curtsy. "An eternity I have stood vigil, for my heart knew that we will one day meet again. Boon companions of the eternal night, I greet your return."

"She was worried because you two have been gone for a good while, is what Mein Fräulein meant to say," Oz provided. A hint of blush grew on Fischl's cheeks as she attempted to retain a dignified expression.

"My bad, Fischl," said Bennett.

"Yeah, sorry about that," Jaune added. "We're here now, though. To make it up to you, is there anywhere you want to go?"

Her head rapidly nodded at that. She pointed down a side street, toward the docks. To be precise, at a set of steps leading down below the wharf. While it saw little foot traffic, the people who came from there often carried bundles of goods.

Fischl shifted her posture, her hand making a grand sweeping gesture. "My forbidden eye never lies, and it wove a tale of hidden riches buried in the gaps betwixt. Come, let us walk where few dare to tread."

There was another market located off the main road, and she wanted to pay it a visit. Got it.

She had not been wrong about the 'few dare to tread' part, either. Worn down by decades of use, the uneven steps with their smoothed-out edges almost led to the death of Bennett as they descended the stairs. It put them on a lower docking area with one side open to the sea, the structure above providing a roof. Market stalls hugged the inner wall. The prices were softer down here, the goods on display an eclectic mix of leftover inventory taken from the nearby ships, sold to the stalls on the cheap to free up room before the new shipments were loaded.

The three blonds let out simultaneous squees of excitement. Where others might dismiss this area as a market serving a poorer clientele, to them the whole place gave off the sense of a half-illegal enterprise existing in the shadows, full of secrets and dodgy dealings. The perfect destination for a group of tourists to explore, in other words.

Not long after, the party stood in front of a curio shop (a junk dealer, in truth) as Jaune scrutinized a clunky box. "Is that… a camera?"

Ancient Mistral aesthetics, magic, flying wings that strapped to one's back, and now modern tools. This universe was a peculiar mix of different eras.

Fischl bent down level with him, and gasped as she recognized the object. "It is! Why, you have a most discerning eye. I have not seen one since dear Lumine last visited Mondstadt." She plucked the device, labeled as a 'kamera', from the pile of junk and held it up for a better look. "Alas, a broken thing this is, I believe." The girl released a forlorn sigh. "Fit for no purpose."

That certainly wasn't stopping her from having fun pretending to take pictures of him, Bennett, and Oz with it. Jaune played along, striking superhero poses that floored Fischl for—in her view—their groundbreaking style.

"Want to see something good?" he offered, then broke out his scroll to blow their collective mind. "Scoot in next to Bennett. Now make a victory sign—you don't know what that is? Okay, hold up these two fingers and spread them far apart. You can have it sideways, if you like. Perfect. This is how you take a picture."

Proper photos must always include a victory sign. According to Nora, anyway. Clearly this was the most important thing he could introduce to uplift backwards yokels.

Under the right filter, the two adventurers appeared downright inspiring, and it didn't take much encouragement for them to clamor for more pictures. A scene of herself sitting on the balcony against the backdrop of the blue ocean seemed to light something within Fischl, spurring her to purchase the kamera with the intention of getting it repaired so that she could capture the perfect shot for the historical annals.

Bennett remained of a more singled-minded bent, still spending his money to experience the street food of the docks. Seagulls stole about half of it, but of what he managed to keep, he declared each and every single one a hit. Liyue received spices from all over the world, and they were not shy to use them in their cooking.

At that same junk dealer, Jaune succeeded in trading his gold coins for Mora—albeit at unfavorable rates—after spinning a yarn of diving into ancient ruins to explain where he acquired them. Supposedly, Mora had been in circulation for thousands of years, to the extent that many nations consider it synonymous with terms like money or coin in a similar situation to Lien for the kingdoms of Remnant.

During his haggling, the others moved on. Which was fine, until a bookseller cleared his throat and tapped a sign.

"Please stop reading if you aren't going to make a purchase," he admonished, glaring at Fischl who had been immersed in a book.

In response, the girl turned a bright cherry red. The piles upon piles of literary works she never before read must have been a vision of paradise for the girl, and one she had quickly lost herself in.

"I wasn't…" She faltered, knowing there was no point in denial.

Jaune sidled next to her. "Oh, you weren't," he agreed. Glancing at the sign, he flicked pieces of Mora one by one over the counter that the bookseller deftly caught. "Right?"

The merchant's ire dissipated like smoke. He winked at Jaune, palming the money. "Come again, dear customer."

"W-Wait, you did not have to do that!" said Fischl, tugging on his sleeve. She tried to shove Mora into his pockets, only for him to dance out of reach.

"I told you I was going to get you something nice," Jaune said with a teasing grin. "And on that note, pick out a few more books. I still owe you bribes."

"Compensation," Oz cut in to remind him, sounding amused.

"Same thing, really."

He dropped a hand on the pouting Fischl's head, ruffling her hair to her great protests.


-o-​


The last vestige of the sun had dipped below the horizon. In its place, lamps illuminated the streets of Liyue. Under one such, a group of visitors to the city faced an unprecedented crisis none could have foreseen.

"We're broke," Jaune said.

Fischl and Bennett nodded miserably. Rich in souvenirs and low in funds, they stood in a huddle with him, their three sets of empty palms upturned with not even the lint in their pockets to fill them.

Jaune lowered his hands, and heaved a resigned breath. "I suppose I'll go sell some things."

"What? No way, boss!" Bennett denied at once. "We can't make you do that. No, this is our challenge to face head-on. I vote we look for lost treasures in the mountains."

Sure, let's head into the wilderness at night. Nothing could go wrong.

"That is unnecessary," Fischl said, shaking her head. She eyed the bundle of books and other assorted items in the bag sitting next to her foot. "In lean times, the vaults of the Immernachtreich must open, for its untold fortune exists to grant succor to the worthy who would follow me into the realm of infinite night."

In basic terms, she was offering to resell her purchases. Not much different from his plan, except in his case, he held no attachments to the gold coins floating around in his dimensional Pocket.

"Might I suggest an alternative?" asked Oz the raven. "You could deign to complete your task for the Adventurer's Guild, and be paid that way."

Bennett and Fischl shared a look, the former the first to speak.

"Oh, yeeeah. That was a thing, wasn't it?"

"Not that we forgot," Fischl insisted, with Bennett giving an emphatic nod. She straightened her back, adopting a haughty tone. "You have done well, Oz. I shall reward you greatly for your contributions."

"No need, Mein Fräulein. It was my absolute joy to do so. Please, our destination is this way."

Jaune held misgivings about relying on a bird of all things for direction, but Oz led them true. In no time at all, the party had arrived in front of an ornate building set in its own corner of the main avenue, with bright red pillars framing the entrance. A bulletin board rested near the building. The wooden tiles hanging from it were about the right size for people to write on them, though it seemed no one had. This time of day, the funeral parlor saw no visitors but them.

"Are they open?" asked Bennett. The entrance lacked a window for them to peek inside, but they could tell due to the door made from wood and paper that there was a light on.

"Hard to say. Let me try knocking," Jaune suggested.

He gave the door a series of sharp raps, then stood back to wait. After a bit, he heard a voice that sounded as if it came from deep within the building.

"Come in!"

"Nice," he said. "Looks like we're in business. And them, too."

He headed the group in entering the funeral parlor. Inside, they found a neat and tidy lobby without anyone manning the L-shaped counter. The room was an odd combination of minimalism and ostentation. No decorations hanging on the walls, yet the construction itself was a work of art with intricate wooden frameworks and vivid colors. Sofas of solid wood, sans cushions, were arranged around a low table carrying a delicate tea set.

A wooden screen divided the space, and from behind it emerged a young woman. Her long twin-tails trailed nearly to the floor, chestnut-colored hair tucked beneath a wide-brimmed, flat-top hat that was embellished with a wooden tile and a small branch of beautiful red flowers.

"Welcome to the Wangsheng Funeral Parlor. My name is Hu Tao, the 77th Director of this establishment—Oh me, oh my," she said, taken aback as she viewed their party in full. Her voice held a lively, sing-song cadence. "One client, two clients, three clients! It must be my lucky day."

The young woman—Hu Tao—brushed a stray lock of hair behind her ear. The gesture highlighted her mesmerizing eyes, scarlet irises with pupils the shape of stars. Her gaze found him, and Jaune swore she was looking him up and down.

No, she definitely was, and his ego began to surge upward—

"Let us begin right away."

"Eh?"

Drawing closer, Hu Tao reached within the voluminous sleeves of her coat, pulling out a measuring tape. She proceeded to stretch it across his torso, then the length of his arm.

"Erm, what are you doing?" Jaune asked after a beat.

Hu Tao answered with a soft giggle. "Don't worry. Rest assured, that I have what you need."

She dipped behind him. Jaune turned at the slight touch to his shoulder blades but she was already gone, back to his front.

"I think you have the wrong—" A gentle finger pressed to his lips.

"Shhh. I know. You don't have to say it," Hu Tao sultrily whispered to him. "Come, come. This way."

With that, she spun around and strode away, motioning for them to follow. The coattails of her brown coat fluttered behind her as she walked, a pair of shorts leaving her smooth legs bare.

Jaune exchanged glances with Bennett and Fischl, receiving the same confused look he no doubt wore on his face. Ultimately, the three of them shrugged their shoulders and went with the woman into the depths of the building.

Down a short corridor, Hu Tao slid aside a set of doors to reveal a room twice as large as the lobby. A simpler place meant for hardier work, the wooden floor was rough and worn. Tall, slender boxes lined the sides of the room in neat rows, filling in almost all of the wall space. Without a word, she perused them with a keen expertise before removing one to place on a workbench set at the center of the floor.

"And here we are. I am confident it will be to your satisfaction," she declared.

Jaune looked down at the workbench, appreciating the aged wood construction of the box, sanded smooth. He breathed in the soothing scent of pine. The box was of quality make, sized perfectly for his height. Not that he would call that last one a plus.

No reply was forthcoming from his lips. The silence stretched for a while, until it exhausted Hu Tao's patience. The young woman planted her hands on her hips, directing at him a frown.

"Well? Aren't you getting in?"

Her question woke him from his daze, and he balked. "Am I—no way!"

Hu Tao pouted at the prompt denial.

"Why ever not?"

No, a cute head tilt did not make it any better.

Another look at the box confirmed that he wasn't crazy. Jaune pointed at the thing.

"Lady, it's a coffin. For dead people. I'm alive, thank you."

Hu Tao shook her head in evident dismay.

"Ai-yai-yai, it's the same old style of thinking again. That is no excuse, you understand?" she insisted. "After all, everyone dies."

Was she messing with him? Was it just a thing here? Jaune turned to the others to find that, no, nothing about this was normal business practices. Fischl was flapping her mouth open and shut, unable to comprehend the situation. Bennett sweated as he nervously scanned the rows upon rows of open coffins, many sized for his frame. Only Oz behaved as normal, but he was also a bird.

Undeterred, Hu Tao continued. "Each day you delay is a day you risk a cold, wormy eternity out in the elements. Why, it's utterly irresponsible!" She hugged her arms and mock-shivered, then abandoned the pose to spread her hands wide. "But don't worry, for I am here with the solution for your troubles and with this season's special promotion, if you buy one coffin you now get another one free. Free!"

"For a friend, do you mean?" That was Oz. Even the raven had a limit to what he could bear, skepticism lacing his words.

"Or a mortal enemy! Do they not say that if you seek revenge, dig two graves?" Hu Tao asked brightly. She swung around the table to stand next to Jaune, barging into his personal space to poke at his muscles. "Hmmm. You have the arms of a swordsman, and such an excitable disposition." The poking and prodding intensified, until he nudged her away with an elbow. She didn't seem offended by it, her eyes squinting half-shut, the smile widening. "The kind of young man who may find reason and means for a second coffin. I am sure you have taken many lives. I can sense it on you."

Jaune suddenly felt very nervous. "There was a good cause for it," he assured Bennett and Fischl in a hurry. "They were evil, or trying to hurt kids, or—"

Warm hands held his own. Hu Tao went on tiptoes and tilted her chin up to look deep into his eyes, exuding a silent comfort to let him know he need not fear judgment.

"Do not fret. You aren't just a client, I see it now. I believe there could be a great partnership between us. Imagine it."

He did. "I… I'm seeing a graveyard."

Hu Tao nodded. "Exactly. Me to make them, you to fill them. A greater match the heavens never did create. So, what do you say?"

He'd say that he was very uncomfortable with this line of conversation.

"If he answers with anything but no, then I must warn you that I will tender my resignation," a tired voice interrupted. Shortly, a man appeared at the door.

Jaune had to look up, because the man was taller than him. (Better-looking, too, but he'd ignore that.) Dressed in a classy ensemble of predominantly brown and gold, his straight-backed posture denoted certainty with every step he took. A placid gaze panned across the room.

"Rarely do we receive clients under the light of the moon. It is considered inauspicious. You hail from Mondstadt, if my eyes do not deceive me."

"Yes, that's right, sir," replied Bennett, caught off-guard by the man's casual deduction. "Me and Fischl, anyway."

"Call me Zhongli," the man said with a brief glance at Jaune, likely attempting to place his origins. "Most do, for I am merely a consultant of the funeral parlor. Might you have business here beyond listening to the Director's dubious scheme?"

Hu Tao gave an affronted gasp. "Zhongli! I'll have you know that I am on the cusp of establishing a long-term, sustainable process of outreach with—" She nudged the person beside her with an elbow.

"Jaune," he provided.

"—with Jaune that would reinvent our entire industry. To deem it 'dubious' is giving me too little credit."

"You plan to depopulate the countryside," Zhongli deadpanned.

"Of bandits and other nefarious villains! Think, Zhongli. Many people cannot afford their own funerals, but in this case the community at large will pay through the nose in order to help out. It's practically an iron-clad insurance policy for us, and it won't cost us a single Mora."

Bennett raised his hand. "Uh, I think that's called a bounty, and the Adventurer's Guild already has people who take care of that."

"Quite," said Zhongli. The man sighed. "Please do ignore her, and let me know what you need."

The consultant directed that comment to Jaune on the assumption he was the leader, but as it had nothing to do with him, he just shrugged and deferred to the adventurers. Fischl took it as her cue to search through her belongings, and she soon produced an envelope. The rustling of paper was the only sound in the building as Zhongli opened the letter. A skim of the text and the papers then passed to Hu Tao, whose expression grew more gentle.

"Aiya, it seems I am in for a long trip. I hope I break even, at least," she said.

Jaune cocked his head. "You aren't even thinking of rejecting the job?"

"What a silly notion." Hu Tao began tapping her chin. "Now where did I put my seal?"

Zhongli cleared his throat. Despite the put-upon demeanor, he courteously offered a small box to the director.

"I knew I could count on you," Hu Tao praised, taking the item. She looked from Bennett to Fischl. "So, which of you has the job form?"

Both adventurers blinked blankly at her.

"You knooow, the form that the Guild handed to you with the details of the job and a little square for me to stamp my seal confirming receipt of the delivery?" More silence, and so she added, "Otherwise, you won't get paid by the Guild?"

Fischl jolted. "We won't!? I mean, ahem. Surely you jest, for never in my long years have I encountered this strange practice! I—"

"We usually just report to Katheryne," Bennett explained.

Hu Tao frowned. "Then how does anyone tell if you have completed the task? Oh, never mind. I guess I am simply used to the Liyue way of doing things. Alrighty."

Moving toward Fischl, Hu Tao pressed her stamp to the startled girl's cheek. It left the red imprint of a butterfly within a diamond on her skin afterward that the rest of the party leaned in to study.

"Would the Guild accept this?" Jaune wondered aloud.

"Nope. I just did that because I thought it would look cute on her, hee-hee."

"Oi."

Hu Tao showed him an impish smile. "Not to worry, let's not fret. I'll accompany you to the Guild tomorrow and that should settle the matter. I have business there, anyway." Then, quieter. "This time my proposal will go through, I can sense it. Group discounts. Commission rates. Warranties," she chanted as a mantra.

Jaune and the two adventurers were more occupied with a small detail.

"Tomorrow?" Bennett squawked.

"Yes, tomorrow. The Guild would be closed for the night by this time," Zhongli informed them. "It is no cause for alarm. People often chase Mora, but the secret is that it never runs. Your contract will be honored, I assure you."

"Ahaha." Jaune awkwardly scratched his cheek, avoiding the man's gaze. "Nah, the problem is that we're flat broke."

The sound of a growling stomach brought the conversation to a pause. Once again, Fischl became the center of attention. She hadn't eaten, unlike Bennett and Jaune who had snacked throughout the evening.

The girl wilted under their gazes, but soon rallied, whirling to look at her raven.

"Oz! Kindly conduct yourself as befitting of my retainer!"

Needless to say, nobody was fooled.

Taking pity of her embarrassment, Jaune addressed Zhongli. "Since the Director ("Hu Tao, that's me!") will be going with them to the Guild tomorrow, is there any chance you could advance them some Mora? They can return the amount once they collect their payout."

Food presented no issue, as he could order meals from the Company scroll. Accommodations for the night cost a fair bit in this city, however.

Zhongli held his chin, mulling on the suggestion. "Well, now. The contract between you and the client has been made, the arrangements in place. Yet, naturally, nothing precludes a new contract between us." The calm face then cracked a smile. "In exchange for a sum paid from your future remunerations, a meal and a bed to rest your weary heads. And, more importantly, a fond memory of your visit to Liyue. It is reasonable, I'd say. How about it?"

"We'll take that deal!" Bennett jumped on the offer at once, with Fischl's frantic nods as her endorsement. They both looked to Jaune, like he had any real involvement in this.

"It solves your problem," he said. "Congratulations, you two. You finished your quest."

"Yaaaay, congrats!" Hu Tao likewise cheered, giving them a round of applause that had the two adventurers blushing with pride. "So now that you are staying the night, I have just the place for you to sleep. Ta-da~" She flourished her hands, motioning to Jaune's coffin. "A fine opportunity to test out your future home, is it not?"

The funeral parlor fell silent as the grave. Everyone stared at Hu Tao with dull eyes. After a beat, Zhongli turned away from her.

"I will show you to the spare quarters," he said, and led them out of the room.

"Wait, Zhongli, don't be hasty. I almost had them!"

Cupping her hands like a megaphone, Hu Tao called after the group.

"Remember everyone, we at the Wangsheng Funeral Parlor are always looking for new clients!"


Author's Notes: (⩌_⩌) (⩌_⩌)
Last edited: Dec 11, 2025
Stories:
QQ Sneaking His Way into the Multiverse , a RWBY Jaune, WC-lite mechanics story.
Other RWBY stories on AO3 or FF - Yakuza Arc | Conquered Menagerie: Annals of the Sixth Kingdom | Cat, Bunny, and the Good Ship Honey Starbright | The Agent
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:m213, Amdiranifani, PNWFox and 500 others
LazyAutumnMoon
Dec 10, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Prev  
1
2
3
4
  Next
Jump to new
Threadmarks
Index
Extras
View content
34 more messages…
Heliel43



Write your reply...
Empty

 Post reply
 
More options
Share:
Reddit
Pinterest
Tumblr
WhatsApp
Email
Link
Similar threads
AndrewJTalon
 [NSFW] [RWBY] Plan C (Yang/Jaune/Ruby)
AndrewJTalon Jul 31, 2026 Words: 3.4k jaune arc jaune arc/ruby jaune arc/yang xiao-long
Replies6
Views2K
Aug 16, 2026
Andy333
Andy333
HarderThanDefined
 [NSFW] Wreckers (RWBY)
HarderThanDefined Aug 15, 2026 Words: 39k anthology jaune arc porn
Replies16
Views7K
Aug 22, 2026
MagnificentMind
MagnificentMind
Nandor de Laurentiis
Thread watched
[NSFW] Somwhere To Be (Disco Elysium Jaune Arc.)
Nandor de Laurentiis Jul 15, 2026 Words: 15k 1 2 disco elysium fluff before smut jaune arc
Replies54
Views6K
Jul 21, 2026
glAssbOy
AndrewJTalon
[NSFW] [RWBY] Purity (Jaune Arc/Arslan Atlan)
AndrewJTalon Jan 30, 2026 Words: 2.8k arslan atlan jaune arc rwby
Replies8
Views2K
Jan 31, 2026
The Hero named Villain
The Hero named Villain
[NSFW] Winter is Coming (Invincible x RWBY)
eratas123 Jul 26, 2026 Words: 4.7k jaune arc rwby rwby au
Replies5
Views2K
Jul 26, 2026
Dust shaker
Dust shaker
Forums NSFW NSFW Creative Writing 
Style chooser
Contact usTerms and rulesPrivacy policyHelpRSS
Community platform by XenForo® © 2010-2024 XenForo Ltd. Design by: Pixel ExitQuestionable Questing
 
Forums 
What's new 
Members 
Heliel43
New posts 
Watched 
New threadmarks 
Mark forums read
Forums NSFW NSFW Creative Writing 
[NSFW] Sneaking His Way into the Multiverse (RWBY Jaune, WC-lite mechanics)
 Thread starterLazyAutumnMoon  Start dateJun 7, 2024  Tagsjaune arc lisa wilbourn multiverse rwby tattletale waifu catalog-ish world hopping worm
Prev  
1
2
3
4
  Next
Jump to new
Ignore
Unwatch

Thread Tools
Threadmarks
Index
Extras
View content
Threadmarks Chapter 60: Mister Teatime
View content
LazyAutumnMoon
LazyAutumnMoon
We all need Sundancer in our life.
JoinedJun 7, 2024
Messages289
Likes received68,284
Dec 13, 2025
Add bookmark
#5,000
Chapter 60: Mister Teatime​


The moon hung high in the sky in all its uncanny wholeness, ever the reminder to a certain boy that he was far from home.

Jaune stepped out into the night, letting the doors to the Wangsheng Funeral Parlor swing shut behind him. He stopped for a moment, head tilted back to enjoy the crisp breeze, then it was off to destinations unknown. Living on his own schedule had formed terrible habits, a willingness to indulge in the occasional nighttime wanderings and the energy to go with it among them. He fought the urge to whistle a tune.

This late, Liyue Harbor slumbered. The onrush of people had quelled, most returned home. The shops were closed except for the snack bars catering to drinkers—mild and orderly affairs observed with a careful eye by the city guards on duty. It was a quieter side to the bustling capital, peaceful in a way that evoked an image of the city sighing in relief after a hectic day.

Crossing a bridge put him in a section of Liyue built upon an island. The main dockyard was located here, and he spotted some activity still ongoing despite the hour with ships setting out to sea. It seemed to him a foolhardy decision, but perhaps they didn't have sea monsters in this world to deter these intrepid captains. The ocean looked calm enough, at any rate.

He stayed to watch them for a while from the upper levels. Soon, however, his eyes drifted lower to study the stone balcony his elbows were resting on. The tiered structure of this neighborhood suited his purpose.

"Okay, let's see if this works or if I got scammed." It would kill him to have spent that money for nothing. Metaphorically speaking, of course.

Up until Lisa heard what happened, then he might literally die.

A look to the left, a look to the right, the coast was clear. Jaune hoisted himself up before anyone could come around the corner. He clicked his heels together. Flames sparked in response. The subsequent jump took him above the docks.

A contraption of metal and fabric appeared on his back, the straps already secured to him—proper visualization did the trick. A bronze-like alloy formed the frame, forged in a flowing design to resemble the ocean waves. From it extended strips of cloth shaped as long feathers, red in color fading to gold at the tips reminiscent of the early morning sky, of dancing sunlight upon a day in spring.

The slightest wind caused the glider to unfurl. And, suddenly, Jaune ceased to feel the pull of gravity.

He hung there, effortless. The constant balancing game of his rocket boots was missing, the wings on his back bearing that strain as the fires beneath his feet provided power to hold him aloft.

"Well, what do you know…"

The corner of his lips twitched upward, just a flicker that he suppressed. It would be rather embarrassing to celebrate early, only to then crack his head against the pavement in that most classic of landing strategies. That said, he did release the breath he was holding inside.

An errant shift of his shoulder allowed the glider to catch a different breeze. The cloth feathers rustled as he began drifting to the side, and it solved the conundrum of how a person would control the wings. His gaze flicked down to his feet, and he licked his lips in nervous thought.

Nothing for it. He pressed on the triggers of the rockets and braced for it to go catastrophically wrong.

Seconds later, he cracked open his eyes. They then flew wide.

He had passed the cliffs on which the harbor sat. Had gone higher than the tallest building, a pagoda sitting at the top of a waterfall. The sprawling cityscape laid out below him, with little figures moving amidst the scant light of the street lamps.

A bark of laughter tore from his throat. Abandoning the last traces of hesitation, Jaune shot off at full speed, the glider wings on his back folding shut. He built height, using the limited duration of the boots before its cooldown period to get as high as possible, clearing the nearby mountain peak entirely. The rockets cut out at the same altitude as that floating island which hovered above Liyue.

At the very top of his ascent, the moon filled his vision. He drifted weightless for the barest instant in a sea of nothingness. Then, gravity reasserted and he fell back.

The wings snapped into place. He banked to the right in a corkscrew motion, and flexed his shoulders. The glider responded, catching the wind to send him soaring. He let out a whoop without thinking.

The next few minutes, he spent trying every trick he could conceive of. His stomach churned at some of them, but he had no intentions to cease. Spirals, sudden stops, even combat maneuvers to reposition around an imaginary enemy. The world turned upside-down as he performed a wide vertical loop, a feat he had never dared for fear of losing control. Timing it with the rockets coming off their cooldown, he executed a second, faster loop that had him screaming in pure exhilaration as it threw him like a bullet toward the ground. Before impact, the wings behind him spread out to capture the momentum so that he went from a straight descent to sideways, traversing the breadth of Liyue Harbor. Someone pointed at him from below, and he waved to them, overcome by giddiness.

A minute of battery at a time, twenty seconds to recover from the overheat, and half an hour total for it to run dry. The limitations of the rocket boots made it worthless in the eyes of many, a perpetual anchor around his neck that he could never allow to slip from his mind lest he die from a careless mistake. Yet now it met with technology from another world and meshed into a new whole. Working in tandem with the glider, Jaune reckoned he might stay in the air for hours, and go as high as it pleased him.

The world was his, for he could fly.


-o-​


Jaune came in for a landing, touching down at a city plaza. His shoes scrabbled for purchase as he slid across the stone tiles. Momentum bled off with the passing seconds until he was able to shift into a running motion, each stride clearing a wide distance.

A shadowy hand latched onto the pavement, stretching like a bungee cord to slow him further. That finally did it and Jaune managed to screech to a halt, the arm dissipating before it could yank him the other way. He almost fell over then and there, windmilling for balance.

People were watching. He waved to them all friendly-like to play it off, afterward stumbling over to a street lamp to which he clung as his shaking legs refamiliarized with solid ground. With the windswept hair, he looked a mess. Sweat drenched his back, and the muscles in his shoulders ached from a new kind of strain. Gliding turned out to be pretty rough on a person new to the scene, or maybe that was just the many, many ill-advised maneuvers he tried to pull. Still…

"The world is mine, for I can land!" he happily crowed at his success.

"It is an important consideration."

"Right? Man, I should have thought my landing strategy through beforehand and heeey, Zhongli! What are you doing here?"

Although he asked, the answer seemed self-evident with just a quick glance. An old teapot rested on the low table, with a cup placed in front of the tall and slender man who at this late hour was yet dressed in an immaculate suit. The stool set next to the table appeared much too short for him, both knees drawn to his chest in order for him to sit. This teahouse catered to a pedestrian clientele in every sense of the word, even if one would not think it with Zhongli's mannerisms.

Jaune was never one for jealousy… Okay, he was, and the green monster reared its head now. How the other man made drinking tea by the curbside look elegant, he truly wanted to know.

"The nights agree with me," Zhongli answered simply. He raised his cup with both hands, waiting before sipping the contents. "Rumbling thunder portends a storm, but we have time yet. Would you like to sit awhile?"

He hadn't heard any such thunder up there. Still, flying was hard, thirsty work. Zhongli had also been a most agreeable fellow. Calm did not mean cold, and the man played the part of an impeccable host, ensuring the satisfaction of Jaune's party in both meal and accommodations earlier that day—in Bennett's words, amazing. Once he could stand, Jaune walked over to the teahouse, plonking down on a chair and stretching his legs out to get comfortable.

Zhongli smoothly poured him a cup of tea. The man then winced as Jaune knocked it back in one swig.

"You know, that was pretty good. Can I get some more?" Jaune asked.

"...Certainly. Do try to savor it, however. The flavor improves as time goes on."

Jaune replied with a sheepish chuckle, having heard the mild reproach in those words. In his defense, tea etiquette was outside his wheelhouse.

Luckily, he had a ready teacher in Zhongli, who ran through an abridged course for his sake. From the placement of the hands to the proper way of setting down the cup so as to avoid disrupting the mood, it was an entire production that bordered on a ritual rather than the simple act of drinking a beverage. In the end, Jaune scraped by with enough decorum to pass for a country bumpkin fresh from a farm.

Sue him, he had ten minutes to learn.

"As always, the occasion prevails," Zhongli reassured him. "You would fit right in among the flower fields of Qingce Village. Within the Jade Chamber above our heads, they will laugh you out of the room. Yet, you are far more likely to visit the former than the latter."

Jaune nodded, and swirled the cup in a gentle motion before taking the next sip. It was apparently an important step due to something with the water interacting with the tea leaves, and the flavor that would come about.

"You sure know a lot for a consultant to a funeral parlor," he said.

"I merely travel far, and hold a long memory. It is the reason for my contract with Wangsheng, in fact. Knowledge, as leaves, tend to fall by the wayside with the changing seasons."

"And here I thought it was because Hu Tao wanted somebody around to mess with. Not a slight against you, it's my impression of her after—"

"She does."

"Oh." Jaune recalled his experience with the peppy girl. "My condolences. She must be a handful."

"The Director was entirely serious in selling you that coffin, among other things," Zhongli revealed, to Jaune's consternation.

"You're joking with me." He gawked at the other man. " You have to be."

"No, I am not. In any case, let us not speak further of that child. My work day has ended." The two of them drank their tea, with Zhongli noting in approval of Jaune's manners. "Ah, see? You have improved already. Evolve as it may over the years, at its root the practice of drinking tea stems from a simpler age. The rules are likewise."

Jaune made a face, and waggled his hand. His personal experience so far differed somewhat from that assertion.

"I'll take your word for it. Not going to lie, I managed to keep maybe half of your instructions in my head."

Zhongli chuckled. "It is no matter. The goal is not how well one adhered to the rules. Then and now, the reason we do this remains the same. A chance to sit down, and perhaps gain an understanding of those around us."

"Right…"

A short lull in their chat ensued, in which neither spoke a word. The plaza offered a peaceful scenery easy to get lost in, with the stars out and a sea breeze to cool them down. Even as the scant few souls present departed one by one to their homes, they remained to enjoy the moment.

The modern sensibilities of young men everywhere prompted Jaune to kick back on the rear legs of his stool, balancing precariously to prove his debonair attitude. That didn't last long as he soon remembered the lesson taught not ten minutes earlier and revised his posture. The tea cooled during this period, although he preferred that. Cold drinks suited his taste. Like a soda taken straight from a fridge, or 'oolong tea'. Lisa had told him he was a weirdo for putting ice in his hot chocolate.

After a time, Zhongli remarked, "You sigh often."

"Oh, sorry. Didn't realize I was doing that," Jaune said, jolting out of his reverie.

"It does not bother me," Zhongli clarified. "But if I may, what ails you?"

He frowned at the insinuation. "Nothing. Whatever gave you that idea?"

The other man seemed to ponder on it, holding his chin with a gloved hand.

"You lean toward the seat next to you, as if expecting a presence where there is none. You start conversations with the empty air before catching yourself. It speaks of a companion missing from your life."

He stared at Zhongli in mute shock for a brief moment, then his eyes darted to the side. "It must be your imagination. Anyway, I'm fine. More than fine." He laughed. "Have you ever gone gliding? It's amazing."

The man accepted that answer with cool aplomb, drinking his tea as he offered no reply.

Jaune returned to watching the moon. He wasn't going to tell a stranger that he had been thinking of Lisa.

"Would you like to talk about her?"

"...Did I say that out loud?"

"Oh no, but I would think the signs obvious."

Resisting the urge to groan, he said, "You're making it sound way more serious than it is."

It was just that Lisa seemed to be with him everywhere he went these past few months. Always with an advice, an insight, a direction. Now, she was down for the count. Gloomy and waspish, refusing to get out of bed. Giving him the boot, to boot. In her absence, he found his travels a rather uncertain endeavor.

"You do not sound sad," Zhongli observed after Jaune relayed the sentiment.

"It's freeing, in a way."

He walked where he wanted, and did as he pleased. Nothing but his own thoughts guided his path. No sharp rebuke followed in the aftermath. He could concentrate without all the noise. The consequences of his actions fell on his own head, and nobody else.

"But I guess I don't like being alone for long," he said, his shoulders slumping. "It's easier when there are people for me to focus on."

"I understand the feeling well," Zhongli said, nodding. "There are some who say that command is a burden. They are not wrong, yet oftentimes it is the place a person draws comfort. With control, one may believe they can stay the same even as the world around them changes."

"That's not really… It isn't my reason," he denied, a tad weakly if he cared to admit. "And I'm not exactly the leader of our little band. We're partners, more like, and she's usually the one with an actual clue."

"Does she think so?"

Jaune caught the undertones of the question, even without Zhongli voicing it aloud. The idea that Lisa was waiting for him to do something to help her. To give her direction, and step up to be the one at the helm when she faltered.

He balked at the notion. The Lisa he knew would hate that.

But then, how well did he know her, if she wouldn't let him read the book of her life?

In the end, he deflected the conversation down another, less uncomfortable road. "I'm just going to bring back a ton of treasures and see how she reacts. On that note… you've been around, you mentioned. Have you heard rumors of where any are buried?"

His attempt to avoid the subject hadn't gone unnoticed, Zhongli leveling that ever-calm look his way for a beat of silence that stretched on too long. A tiny curl to his lips conveyed the man's amusement.

"Well, now," the man began. He paused to sip his tea, a twinkle in his eyes as he continued. "Liyue has seen ten thousand battles of gods and demons in its long history. Spirits great and small were laid to rest beneath calm, tranquil stone. Many left behind their armaments. Others took on simpler forms as their powers waned. An intrepid soul may find more treasures than they can stomach. Tell me, what manner of riches do you have on your mind?"

Now this was right up his alley. Jaune leaned in, unable to keep the excitement out of his voice.

"Any of them have to do with a 'yaksha'?"


-o-​


Tok.

That, was the sound of the teacup striking the table with a bit more force than was polite. Zhongli had drilled into his head how gentleness was the height of propriety in these matters. The man seemed to have forgotten the very lesson he taught in lieu of a hard, impenetrable stare.

A solid minute in, Jaune ventured to speak.

"Did I say something wrong?"

That seemed to snap Zhongli out of it, and he cleared his throat. "No. No, I simply find it a most intriguing request. For what reason did you—" Mid-sentence, the man's eyes flicked up to the sky. They widened a fraction at what he saw there.

In a blink, an ornate spear materialized in Zhongli's grip, its blade shining golden in hue. Still seated, he drew back his arm and hurled the weapon above Jaune, who was only just beginning to summon his shields to ward against what he had believed an attack.

Jaune turned his head to follow the path of the spear, and caught the moment it met a lightning bolt that crackled with uncontained power descending from the sky. With a deafening roar, night turned into day as the intense light washed over them, and Jaune braced for impact.

Against all odds, no pain arrived for him. His surroundings failed to explode with everything set on fire. He peeked through watering eyes and saw the spear defying logic to hang there in mid-air, vibrating with the force of the electricity coursing along its length. The lightning danced in twisting arcs from one end to the other, redirected away from Jaune and Zhongli to slam harmlessly against the ground. They gouged out the road tiles, and scorched the stone black, but never touched the pair of them.

Finally, it stopped. The lightning dissipated first, unable to destroy the spear.

The weapon fell out of the air and would have bonked Jaune on the head had Zhongli not lunged across the table to snatch it away at the last second. The man dropped back onto his seat afterward. On his face, a wide-eyed look to crack the calm facade.

Shaking, Jaune held out a hand with the palm upturned. No droplets of rain struck his skin. The moon shone over a clear sky.

A shuddering laugh slipped out of him, part relief, part disbelief. "Holy… Of all the luck, huh?" Sweat poured down his brow, and he pressed a hand to his chest to soothe his thundering heartbeat. "Thanks for the save, hot damn that was close!"

'Merely a consultant of the funeral parlor', his foot. The guy diverted lightning with a stick!

Rather than shouting of his feat from the rooftops, Zhongli remained quiet. His gaze was locked on Jaune's, and he seemed to want to speak yet did not have a clue of what to say.

The eye contact broke due to an awakening city. Dogs howled and cats yowled. Windows crash open, the people inside looking out in alarm. A commotion at the other side of the plaza attracted Jaune's attention. City guards were racing into the area, shouting in confusion.

Zhongli quickly banished his spear back wherever he stored it previous, and ducked his head over his teacup to study it with avid interest. A furtive glance compelled Jaune to follow suit, and they played dumb as the guards approached.

"What happened here!?" one of the armored men asked—commanded, really.

"I cannot tell you," Zhongli replied to him. "In the midst of enjoying this fine pot of tea, suddenly there was light. My companion and I did all we could to survive, and nothing more than that. What luck that we are unharmed."

It shouldn't work. It did work. The guard took one look at Zhongli and his vapid smile, and decided that this was a truthful man. Efforts thereafter focused on reassuring the populace, the lightning bolt deemed a freak accident.

Once they had a measure of privacy again, Zhongli spoke under his breath.

"It seems the heavens lend your words credence. A yaksha lies at the heart of your journey."

"Yeah, before that, can we take this conversation under a roof?" Jaune rose from his seat, halting as Zhongli held up a hand.

"There is no need. I am confident it will not happen again."

Thunder rumbled above their heads. Jaune leveled a deadpan gaze at Zhongli.

"You were saying? I think that storm you predicted is coming in."

The man gave a small chuckle and stayed in place. He even sipped from his teacup. The serene, carefree demeanor helped to settle Jaune's nerves, convincing him to slowly lower back onto his chair.

"Some dangers are worth inviting. Now, you are looking for a yaksha?" Zhongli asked with a smile.

One eye on the sky, Jaune shook his head."Maybe? I don't even know what a yaksha is, and are you sure we shouldn't seek shelter?"

"And yet you speak their name. How curious," Zhongli mused half to himself, before spreading his hands. "If you like, I can tell you what little I know of them."

"I guess we're just going to ignore my other question," Jaune grumbled. Spying the trace of amusement in Zhongli's smile, he sighed. "I would love to hear it, yes. Certain, ah, 'clues' are pointing me in that direction."

The man nodded, and refilled their cups.

"This story began," said Zhongli, breathing in the fragrance of the tea leaves, "in the wake of that era where the many gods of Teyvat vied for supremacy. So many fell that the hatred of fallen divinity soaked into the earth, until stone could contain it no more and an unending tide of demons arose to prey upon mortals across the land."

In some dusty corner of his memories, Jaune recalled the stories that started this way. The origin of the Grimm was something none could agree on. In its place, the many fairy tales had offered the answers. He sat up straighter as Zhongli continued on.

"Seeing this, Morax—who some call Rex Lapis—bade a race of war-like adepti that made their home within the mountains for one favor: fight. Fight, so that this land of Liyue shared by mortals and adepti could be one of harmony. So that the hearths of homes ceased to be torn asunder, and families lived to see the fresh morning dew upon the leaves. It is said that this race of adepti went by the name of yakshas."

He had a lead to go on. Jaune didn't pay it much mind, leaning forward in his seat.

"It sounds like you're talking about heroes," he blurted out, one knee bouncing in his impatience to hear more.

The man nodded. "They were. There is a reason why their stories are still told, even today. For those whose lives are measured in the thousands of years, humans may appear so very small indeed, yet the yakshas spilled their immortal blood for them, suffered scars for them, stained their hands of gods and demons for them. Untold numbers of innocents would have died had they but wavered once in their duty."

Eyes falling shut, Zhongli spoke in a slow, soft cadence.

"Alatus. Bonanus. Bosacius. Indarias. Menogias. The yakshas were many, but if you were to ask a mortal in that era, you would hear that there had only ever been five—the mightiest yakshas who fought by the side of Rex Lapis."

"So they're who I need to talk with," Jaune said in realization. "The mountains… I don't suppose you know where exactly they live and can point it out on a map?"

"They are gone."

Those straightforward words doused his blossoming good spirits.

"Gone?" Jaune parroted. "What do you mean, gone? Like… gone?"

Zhongli cracked open one eye. "Words cannot describe how your verses offend me."

"Sorry. Most days, I'm no poet." Jaune lowered his head, contrite, before a detail within the story struck him. "Wait, but the yakshas are immortal, aren't they?"

"Immortal is not immutable," Zhongli refuted. "Even stone erodes with time. To shed the blood of the divine is to carry a weight, and no yaksha could escape this fate. The hatred of the demons slain burrowed into their hearts, imparting a karmic debt for their sin."

Jaune had a bad feeling at what that entailed.

"Of the five that accompanied Rex Lapis, one still walks among the living, tormented by a constant agony. Another forgot his own name, and perished carrying out a final duty. The gentlest gave in to her grief, and her ashes were scattered from the top of Mt. Aocang. The final two yakshas succumbed to wrath, and on a night much like this, brother and sister set upon each other. They fell together beneath the waves, never to be seen again."

"And Rex Lapis let it happen?" Jaune asked, struggling to quell his disgust and anger at the ending that awaited the heroes of this tale.

"He did," Zhongli stated simply. "There is perhaps a lesson there. What I said about control, and change… Duty can become a heavy chain. Grow into your role, but know when to let go. That way, you can always be what they need you to be."

Zhongli took a careful sip of his tea. Keen eyes watched Jaune's face for every detail.

"So, tell me, which of them do you believe is the yaksha you are looking for?"

Jaune gave a considering hum, a hand running through his hair as he leaned back from the table.

"Unless I'm way off here, it looks like I'm headed out to sea."

"Bonanus or Menogias, then? You shouldn't have to journey far from land. By the records, their clash began and ended on the coastline. The exact location is a mystery, but I believe that is a fair starting point for your search. Either may hold the fortune you seek."

Tok. Zhongli set his cup on the tray with the teapot.

"That said, there is no rush. Running about in the dark would do no good."

"Oh, yeah, completely agree with you there," Jaune said, nodding. Bad things went bump in the night so stick to civilization once the sun was down, everybody knew that. "Thanks for the advice, though. The information and the tea, too."

"You are welcome." Zhongli began to rise from his seat. "Now, it is late. I suggest you get a good night's rest. Tomorrow promises to be a busy day."

"I prefer to think of it as productive instead of busy, but you have a point. Good night, Zhongli. We'll talk more tomorrow."

He placed his cup on the same tray, and almost left it at that when a thought struck him. His brows furrowed as he looked at the tea set.

"Hey, Zhongli."

The man paused in the middle of straightening his coat jacket.

"Yes?"

"Before you go…" Jaune scratched his cheek, head cocked to the side. "If you went out for tea by yourself, why did you prepare two cups?"

Zhongli's answer was a small, sad smile.

"We will set out early. The Adventurer's Guild may hold a hint as to our heading."

He could tell a deflection when he heard one. But with that, the other man made his departure. Hands clasped behind his back, Zhongli leisurely strolled down the street, leaving Jaune alone at the teahouse. Jaune stared after him until he disappeared around a corner, pondering the information he was given along with that last piece of news.

"I guess he's also coming along—Hang on a second, he didn't pay for the tea. Zhongli! Zhongli, come back! I'm poor as dirt right now!"


Author's Notes: (⩌_⩌) (⩌_⩌) (⩌_x)
Stories:
QQ Sneaking His Way into the Multiverse , a RWBY Jaune, WC-lite mechanics story.
Other RWBY stories on AO3 or FF - Yakuza Arc | Conquered Menagerie: Annals of the Sixth Kingdom | Cat, Bunny, and the Good Ship Honey Starbright | The Agent
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:m213, Amdiranifani, WinterPhoenix and 491 others
LazyAutumnMoon
Dec 13, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 61: When the Sun's Out
View content
LazyAutumnMoon
LazyAutumnMoon
We all need Sundancer in our life.
JoinedJun 7, 2024
Messages289
Likes received68,284
Dec 19, 2025
Add bookmark
#5,044
Chapter 61: When the Sun's Out​


Morning arrived, and as agreed, their new acquaintances from the Wangsheng Funeral Parlor accompanied Jaune and company to the Adventurer's Guild. For a group that relied so much on paperwork and procedures, they were surprisingly understanding about the circumstances. Bennett and Fischl received their pay, plus a commendation for their willingness to make the trek from another nation. The Guild even promised to send more of that type of work their way.

An adventurer passing by had overheard and muttered what sounded like 'those poor gophers'. Jaune was positive it didn't mean anything, because who didn't want to travel and see the world? Part of the pay went to Hu Tao, thus concluding the contract between them.

He would have paid for himself, had he the means. Alas, all that he earned from his stint as a dishwasher last night went right back to the tea house due to a certain someone skipping out on the bill.

Ah well, he owed the guy for catching lightning in his stead.

Also… If pressed, he would admit that he was a little too distracted at the moment to pursue the matter.

"Is this how it always goes?" he addressed the person standing to his side, gaze locked onto the scene before him.

Zhongli placed a hand over his face, and deigned not to reply.

A fair answer, honestly, and Jaune nodded as if the man had spoken. His mind was torn between awe and second-hand embarrassment. For a world without trains, he sure was watching a trainwreck.

"Won't you have a heart, madam? Won't you have a care?" cried the lively, sing-song voice of the young woman who he had come to understand was quite a well-known figure around these parts. Not for good reasons, either.

The person Hu Tao was talking to, the head of the Liyue Adventurer's Guild going by the name of Lan, turned an interesting shade of puce.

"You should not be the one to say that!" she retorted.

Hu Tao blinked, taken aback. "I- I don't quite follow?" She then shook off her confusion, making placating motions with her hands and talking fast. "No, never mind that. I appreciate how you brought it up, because you're right. You are entirely right. Care matters. If your adventurers are to regain that sense of assurance they have lost in this uncertain profession, then they need to trust without a doubt that we hold their well-being at heart. We have to show that wherever they may go, the Wangsheng Funeral Parlor will be standing ready right behind them… and I have an idea on how to prove that."

"Oh, this should be good," Jaune muttered from the sideline. Hu Tao heard him, and she seemed to take it as encouragement. Head thrown back and nose in the air, she declared her terms with the boundless confidence of one who knew they had this one in the bag.

"As an exclusive promotion, our business is willing to give the Guild a trial period. No money upfront. No cost to you. We do not get paid a single Mora until the first adventurer is put in the ground. What do you think?"

With that… generous offer, Hu Tao clasped both of her hands together in front of her chest and showed a beatific smile, soft and sincere.

Lan returned it with a face scrunched up in displeasure.

"I don't have time for this," she spat out. Patience exhausted, she turned on her heels to stalk off without another word.

Undeterred, Hu Tao waved after her.

"I'm glad we're making headway! See you tomorrow!"

The guild head stumbled in her steps, but recovered quickly to hasten her pace.

"An audacious soul, the mistress of death," said Fischl quietly.

Jaune cracked a smile. "That's one way to put it." He noticed her subtle lean toward him, and so moved his hand to gently ruffle her hair. She made no comments beyond pressing her head further into it, reminding him of a cat. Jaune then turned to the funeral director, who was practically glowing with renewed life as she skipped over to the group, her twin tails bouncing and swishing with the motion. "Sorry it didn't work out, Hu Tao."

"That's where you're wrong!" said Hu Tao, jabbing a finger in his face. Jaune tilted away from it, leading the girl to streeetch her arm so she could tap his nose with a black-painted nail. "Negotiations are still ongoing, though they may be long. Many customers are unwilling or unable to voice their needs, leaving it up to me to unearth their true desire if I am to clinch a deal. Today, I managed to get a better idea of Lan, which is why I said that we made headway."

It sounded good, her perspective. It made sense. If he ever decided to enroll in a business course, he'd likely find this lesson presented at some point. Yet, he kept experiencing this strange sense that there was a relevant consideration not taken into account.

Oh yeah, Hu Tao was trying to sell death.

"I wish you luck, then," he said, mostly out of a morbid fascination with seeing where it gets her.

"I don't need luck, silly. Everybody will become my clients at some point, that I guarantee."

As he said, morbid. Jaune shook his head, not quite succeeding in hiding his amusement.

"In that case, it looks like we all got what we came for."

The Yaoguang Shoal to the north would be his heading. One of the fishing villages located there had disappeared beneath the waves a few days earlier, according to the guild head before the kerfuffle between her and Hu Tao. Adventurers dispatched by the Guild were still in the midst of investigating the incident, yet to return to the city. An accurate picture beyond mere rumors remained elusive as a result.

As good a place to start as any, for him.

He glanced over at Bennett and Fischl. Neither showed inclinations of changing their mind and leaving. Having heard his intentions, it cost them no time at all to push aside their own plans of sightseeing Liyue Harbor, wanting to have his back. His mother would call them good kids, what with sharing the sentiment about strangers and friends.

Zhongli acted like he'd be joining as a matter of course, but Jaune was prepared for that already and had no objections. The consultant hid his true strength, and from his previous showing they were prodigious indeed, a veritable dragon beneath his calm exterior. A reliable ally in a pinch, Jaune was sure.

Then, there was Hu Tao.

"Why are you looking at me? Is there something on my face, or perhaps you want to race?"

As for that girl's reason to tag along, who could guess what went on in her head.

"Alright, everybody," he declared in a loud voice. "No point wasting daylight. Let's get what supplies you need, and we'll set out."

Ten minutes later, Jaune decided that he should have been more specific.

"This is what you want to take with you? Not anything else?"

Hu Tao looked toward the coffin, standing upright on its bottom base and given a wide berth by the pedestrians. Then, she looked back at him.

Blink. Blink. "Aaaare you saying I should bring a second coffin? You must be expecting a lot of casualties."

And she expected at least one. No guesses on who.

After all, it was just his height. The very same coffin she offered him yesterday.

Jaune closed his eyes, and counted to ten before speaking a phrase that would thereafter become a common refrain.

"Hu Tao, no. Please, no."


-o-​


The sun shone bright overhead, signaling a wonderful day. For a flower, this would be its last.

Jaune's boot stomped down on the Whopperflower, squashing the living plant beneath his heel. A subsequent stab of his sword ensured it would trouble him no more. With the fight winding down, he cast his gaze around the battlefield to observe how the others had fared.

Liyue was beautiful land, but rife with danger beyond the city walls. People traveled armed and ready for trouble, traders escorted by retinues of guards. Whopperflowers numbered among the myriad creatures that might waylaid the unsuspecting along the road spanning the Guili Plains. Appearing like hand-made dolls woven from giant leaves, they had sprung out of the ground as the party passed by to attack them with elemental magics of fire, ice, and thunder.

Or Pyro, Cryo, and Electro according to how the locals put it. Three among the numerous energies tied to the very gods that ruled the seven nations.

Monsters weren't the only ones with access to the elements. Jaune watched as Bennett set a Cryo Whopperflower aflame with a swing of his sword, his fire magic in top form today, burning hot. The young adventurer truly was reckless, having dove amidst the enemy force in order to engage them at close-quarters. Fine and good, as tactics went—Jaune would never fault that approach. Yet, like yesterday, Bennett's injuries accumulated at a rapid pace as a consequence. Burns crisscrossed his arms from Pyro vines whipping him, flash-frozen by a Cryo mist then zapped with an Electro bolt to create raw, blackened gashes.

The younger boy fought too simply, and suffered for it. His opponents fell regardless, however, so it worked in a fashion. Results were the biggest indicator of success, and all that. Jaune would have words for him later.

He moved on to study Fischl. With the support of Oz, her sense of awareness was a thing of envy. She exhibited good judgment, to aim for Whopperflowers attempting to cast magic, and had silenced many of them before they got the chance to harm him or Bennett. The girl could be a terror if not for her frail strength.

A Whopperflower, granted no chance to wield its element, changed its strategy to rush at Fischl. Made of plants, it was no warrior, except its meager physique actually pushed the adventurer off her balance. Its elation cut short, as did its body, when Jaune sliced it in half on his way past.

"Thank you, Jaune!" said Fischl, spinning to put an arrow into another Whopperflower without missing a beat.

He waved his free hand to acknowledge her, continuing to stride toward Bennett. Seizing a fiery Whopperflower by the neck(?), he swung it at one of its compatriots, the icy leaves of that flower setting alight. The Pyro flower then became his shield against a blast of electricity that rendered it unconscious. Jaune tossed it aside, trading sword for gunlance to pancake the Electro flower.

That left only two Whopperflowers that Bennett dispatched in quick succession, to conclude the battle.

"Whoo!" Bennett cheered. "That was a piece of cake—"

Jaune didn't listen to Bennett any longer than that, diving as fast as he could to the side. A split second later, cloudless skies dropped a lightning bolt on the spot he vacated. A crater remained when the smoke cleared up.

"Heh. It's getting predictable," Jaune mumbled to himself, lying flat on the grass. Bennett offered a hand and he grabbed it to get back on his feet, jabbing the other boy with a stimpak in the process.

Oblivious to the pain of the needle, Bennett said in a voice full of wonder, "That's the fifth time this happened to you. You, not me… I don't think I've ever met someone as unlucky as me before."

Unlucky or lucky, it was hard for him to tell. Two times today, where Zhongli intervened in time. Once in which Jaune was a tad late in dodging and caught a stray zap, losing a chunk of Aura. And twice now that he managed to escape unscathed on his own.

Not too shabby. The key was to anticipate, rather than react.

Of course, a reason behind the phenomena had yet to manifest. Zhongli clearly had a clue but he refused to say it, citing that doing so would doom them both rather than alleviate the matter. That said… In a world of living gods, he could take a hint after the second time. Somebody up there did not like him.

Zhongli and Hu Tao stood waiting a distance down the road. Once Jaune signaled that the danger had passed, they moved up to rejoin the group.

"You are growing used to this," Zhongli praised while Jaune dusted off his clothes.

"I guess 'do or die' is a pretty great motivator," he said resignedly, then gestured to Hu Tao. "And why is she pouting?"

With cheeks puffed up, Hu Tao resembled a chipmunk. Arms crossed, one foot tapping. Yeah, she was mad.

"I knew I shouldn't have listened to you. I knew a coffin would be handy," she grumbled.

In his defense, he had not foreseen divine interference. Sue him. The one silver lining was that it didn't seem to be escalating, so he just needed to keep on doing what he was doing.

And now he had jinxed it, hadn't he?

"There will be many chances yet, Director," Zhongli advised, causing Hu Tao to perk up.

"You're right, Zhongli. It's fated, methinks." She stepped closer to Jaune, observing him closely. "You, Jaune Arc, have a destiny. How else would you survive five lightning strikes, if not to perish for a worse reason." The young woman patted him on the shoulder. "Never you fret, I have you covered."

Jaune looked for help from Zhongli. None was forthcoming. "I'm afraid to ask, but is that a good thing?"

She laughed. "Yes, silly!"

It had better not be another coffin, was all he was saying.

While Zhongli admonished to no effect an unrepentant Hu Tao for her lack of tact, Jaune's attention moved to Fischl. The girl was rushing over, and skidded to a stop beside Bennett. The two adventurers proceeded to give him expectant gazes, bouncing on their heels with the eagerness of puppies.

"How did we do?" Bennett asked.

Fischl did not fall behind. "Has my splendid performance dazzled your senses?"

A 'Geovishap', some sort of stone golem/lizard hybrid, had given the duo trouble earlier. Rending it apart earned him recognition as a mighty warrior in their eyes. Questions soon followed as they sought pointers in order to better their skills.

It flattered him a fair bit. He'd admit that Pyrrha never managed to completely beat the desire for recognition out of him, and rare indeed were the chances for him to stand on this side of things. Of his companions, Lisa hated spending a single minute more on training than what he prescribed, while Escha's physique differed too much for him to contribute in a meaningful way.

Aware that they were hanging onto his every word, Jaune offered his opinion. "Bennett, good aggressiveness. You didn't take a single step back out there." The younger boy beamed. "But, once again, you're still letting attacks land that you're not built to defend against. That you withstood it at all is a miracle, one that's going to run out one of these days."

Why mince words here? He had the personal experience to tell the kid how dumb his style of combat was, since it mirrored his own a year ago. The whole thing boiled down to 'doing whatever', so long as it hurt his opponent more.

As a combat philosophy, it was extremely accurate. Struck at the heart of the matter, in fact. But only up to a point.

Chagrined, Bennett's chipper attitude faded somewhat, and he scratched the back of his head as he accepted the rebuke.

"As for you," Jaune said, directing his attention to Fischl.

The girl gulped.

He poked her arms, eliciting a yelp. His next test was to lift her up by the waist, her legs dangling in the air.

"High! So high!" Hu Tao whispered from behind him, laughing.

After putting Fischl down, he said, "As I thought. Your perception in combat is one of your strengths, as is your teamwork with Oz. There's nothing I can help you with on that part that you don't already know. If I have to note where you fall short, it would be that you are in desperate need of gains."

"Gains?" Fischl parroted.

"Gains," Jaune confirmed. Perhaps he should have expected it from a princess, hailing from another world notwithstanding, that nobody in her castle suggested to her a daily regimen to build up muscles. "Your arm strength could use work."

Fischl took it well, appearing on some levels to already realize the issue, albeit she displayed reluctance at the idea of developing a six-pack that a person could grate cheese on. After he was done, she and Bennett shared a look, and nodded in tandem before turning back to him.

"What should we do?"

"How do we train?"

Admirable of them, but…

"Train?" Jaune said, perplexed. "No, I'm going to solve those problems right here and now. Come closer."

Despite the confusion plastered on their faces, they did as he bade. He understood their bewilderment. Shouldn't the sage wisdom he impart be along the line of training harder and lifting weights?

And while he would certainly say that pursuing those avenues were important, he would also argue that such projects were meant for the long term with small immediate payoff. Advisable, if someone was aiming toward a champion career in the ring. Not so, for ̶a̶ ̶f̶r̶a̶u̶d̶ ̶n̶e̶e̶d̶i̶n̶g̶ ̶a̶ ̶s̶h̶o̶r̶t̶c̶u̶t̶ people on a time-sensitive quest.

"I have something that can help you"—he pointed at Bennett—"stay unhurt for longer, and you"—he pointed again, at Fischl now—"shore up your lacking muscles. Stay still, it won't hurt a bit."

His hands brushed by their cheeks, startling them until they noticed his seriousness. The pair settled down, nervous but trusting in him.

He drew in a deep breath, then exhaled.

"For it is in friendship that we…"

And at the end of his chant, two souls shone bright. The colors matched their elemental magic to a tee, one shining in a light red, the other a deep violet.

Bennett flicked his own arm, marveling at the dulled sensation of pain. From there, the boy moved up to a blade pressed against his fingers, and discovered a complete absence of blood once he pulled the sharpened edge away. Amazing, amazing, he kept muttering.

His excitement paled in comparison to that of Fischl. The girl stared at Jaune with unblinking eyes, vibrating with how high her emotions had soared.

"I knew you were like me!" she squeaked in happiness.

"Yeah? I'm from another world, too. I told you that, didn't I?"

Past them, he saw Zhongli sigh, rubbing at his temples in the manner of one trying to relieve a budding headache. No idea why. Couldn't be his fault.

Abruptly, his view of Zhongli was cut off by a flat-top hat decorated with plum flowers. Hu Tao had lined up behind Bennett and Fischl, hands behind her back, rocking back and forth on her heels. When that didn't get a reaction out of him, she started taking little hops forward, inching through a gap between the adventurers until she was in front of him.

"My turn~" she chirped brightly.

"Hey, now. This isn't a toy that I hand out willy-nilly, you know," he said, frowning.

"I'm delicate and I'm a terrible fighter," she said with pride. "Come on, I wanna glow in the dark! Do you know how hard it is to dig a grave at night in the rain? With all the lanterns doused and lighting them such a pain? And there's not even a fire to keep you entertained? Then the slimes—"

"Alright, alright already, I'll… Hang on, what about the slimes?"

Hu Tao refused to elaborate, merely going on tiptoes. Her head tilted to present her cheek.

"No, seriously, what were you saying about the slimes?"

A solid minute of waiting forced Jaune to accept two things. One, he did not have Hu Tao's patience, and two, he would have to live with never getting a continuation of that story. So, none could blame him when he reached up to pinch Hu Tao's cheek, and pulled.

"Open your eyes. Let's not make this weird. Why do people always insist on making this weird?"


-o-​


About two hours north on the Guili Plains, walking pace, there stood a set of ruins.

Big stone blocks of ancient castles were strewn across the ground, eroded by time. Broken gates and rending tears in the earth dotted the landscape. What remained of the area told of calamity, a war for the ages followed by silence. People did not live here anymore.

It made the movements easier to spot, and oh so suspicious.

"Hilichurls, they have not seen us," said Oz after he flew back from scouting. The raven alighted on Fischl's shoulder as she knelt along with the party in the shadow of a boulder.

"Silly-churl, billy-churl, silly-billy hilichurl~" sang Hu Tao, a hand shading her eyes. "We have a lot of them today. Is there a party going on?"

As the party stalked closer to the ruins, Jaune began to make out a fair few of the figures dancing around a fire, so the possibility of a celebration was there if one were inclined to optimism. The 'hilichurls' ranged in size from short and wiry to looming and lumbering. Shaggy-maned beings, vaguely resembling humans in that they stood on two legs and had two arms. All of them wore masks that hid their faces, and dressed in rags.

"No, that isn't it," said Bennett once they took shelter among the tall grass of the plains. "They tend to stick to way smaller groups. For scattered tribes to unite like this, it's usually the sign of an impending raid."

"And of one who stands above many," Fischl added. "A champion whose violence knows no bounds, that it may even dare to dream of challenging this Prinzessin."

"A leader, huh?" Jaune mused. "One of those?" He pointed to a bigger specimen. These guys measured twice his height at the least, built like Beringels with bulging muscles. Some were scarfing down meat, others shambling around the camp. They barely fit inside the crude tents that the hilichurls had erected within the ruins.

"Mitachurls," Bennett provided the name for them. "Shouldn't be. For a group this big, it's usually a—"

It passed into view. He thought mitachurls looked tough, this one was the big brother to them and encased in a layer of rock armor to boot. Other hilichurls cleared a path for it wherever it roamed.

"Lawachurl," said Bennett and Fischl at the same time.

"A formidable enemy for you, indeed," Zhongli said. He held his chin in thought. "The Wangshu Inn lies a short few hours away, and is likely to be the target. It is well-defended. A warning to them would suffice if you prefer not to engage."

The man studied him when he offered the suggestion, lending Jaune the sense he was being judged. Even without that, he rejected the notion.

"We can take them," he declared.

As he stood up, Fischl pulled on his sleeve to get his attention. "Ah, wait—I mean, do not be hasty, my kindred. A shadow lurks amidst the mountain crags. Hark, it moves."

"Mein Fräulein says—"

"Hidden enemy. Got it. Can you show me?"

Fischl pointed with her other hand at the lawachurl. Specifically, at a lump resting atop the creature's rocky head that Jaune had assumed was an ornament. A closer look revealed a mask depicting a grinning demon, and stubby arms wielding a staff.

"A samachurl. The shaman may drown the world, burn the fields, consume the earth in twisted vines," explained Fischl. "The colors denote an adherent of Anemo. By his will, the air itself shall become our foe, and the winds beneath our enemies' feet would see them move swift as a gale."

Jaune recalled a certain annoying sorcerer in a church, along with the troubles it gave him and a knight named Solaire. Boosting allies was just plain unfair. When done by the other side, of course.

"Okay, we're taking him out first," he decided.

The rifle Ruhm appeared in his hand, drawing curious looks, with him primed to put a bullet at the center of the samachurl's mask via his marksmanship. Yet, he hesitated.

"Fischl, how's your aim? Can you hit the samachurl from here?"

He had students right now. Students! He could make this a teaching moment!

Fischl displayed a startled look for a second at being put on the spot, and looked from him to the ruins with uncertainty. After much fidgeting, her expression transformed into a smirk. The girl flipped her hair, scoffing. "'Tis child's play for one such as I."

"Good. Show us how it's done."

At his nod, she scurried away from the group with eager glee, summoning her bow to hand as she situated on a piece of raised ground. The tall grass still grew there to obscure her form. Even with her standing upright, the stalks tickled her ears.

Fischl settled into a stance, feet shoulder width apart. She took a couple deep breaths to steady herself. Glanced at the group to make sure they were watching. Focused again on her target. Slowly, the bowstring pulled back.

And Fischl spoke.

"Ordained weapon of the darkest night eternal, heed my call."

An arrow of light materialized, nocked and ready to launch. Fischl did not shoot it, however.

"The time is nigh, the gaze of the world falls upon us.

"Release thy seal, as I shall my forbidden eye."

The jewel adorning the back of her dress glowed with an intense light. Sparks of Electro crackled around her. Over time, they coalesced within the arrow, tinging it in shades of violet. The air began to hum with a soft whine.

"To the stars and the abyss,

"Let the judgment of the Prinzessin der Verurteilung descend as a meteor,

"Bringing with it the cleansing peace of the midnight moon!

"Galaxienregen!"

With that cry, Fischl unleashed her attack.

The arrow flashed across the Guili Plains. It followed a path removed from the effects of normal physics, unwavering in its course for the full distance.

The samachurl didn't know what hit him, the arrow slamming home in an explosion of Electro that zapped the shaman to a crisp. The creature was dead before it hit the ground, the body vanishing as wisps of smoke.

In the wake of its demise, an angry roar shook the land, torn from countless throats.

"Nice shot, Fischl! What even is that spell?" Jaune shouted in praise, getting on his feet and trading rifle for sword.

"Could it be?" Hu Tao mumbled from her spot, impressed for a different reason. "Have I perhaps met the versemonger of the north?"

Fischl preened at the look on their faces. "This is a magic lost to all but royalty of the Immernachtreich. I mastered it over the course of many moons."

"Keep at it, you're doing great. Take a couple more shots from here, then you and Oz follow us in," Jaune instructed. "Bennett, you're on me. Let's go."

Bennett saluted, and drew his sword. "Yes, boss!"

Hu Tao sighed and stood up, too. "I'm not exactly keen on violence, but hey, can't let these fellas run amok. I'll help you out." A staff appeared for her, two-pronged tip cast in the shape of flames. It looked more like a ceremonial tool than a weapon.

"I thought you said you were a terrible fighter," Jaune remarked.

"I am," said Hu Tao. Her eyes avoided his own. "…in relative terms."

This little liar.

He mock-glared at her, before grinning. "Ah, whatever. Hey, Zhongli, are you helping out?"

"I am fine here, but thank you for the offer," was the serene reply.

"Your Director is heading into danger, Zhongli!" Hu Tao complained.

"Bodyguard work is not part of my contract."

"...Yeah, I know," the girl pouted.

Jaune chuckled, and accepted Zhongli's answer in good humor, thinking that he'd just have to pick up the slack. With a wave over his shoulder, he charged ahead with Bennett and Hu Tao hot on his heels.

The hilichurls came howling out of the ruins. Their ranks adhered to no order, effecting a maddened scramble across the field. Part sprint and part crawl, the savage gait was above all fast. The distance between Jaune's side and them closed in a matter of seconds, until he could see the etchings on their masks. Some carried crude weapons, some went barehanded. The bigger mitachurl variants favored axes whose blades were massive wedges of sharpened stone.

He continued to maintain pace with the others, a touch ahead to draw the ire of the hilichurls as lances of light passed above him, striking down what foes they could find.

The quickest of the hilichurls—the skinny, wiry ones—entered his range, the first leaping for his throat. A flick of his sword, and it dropped with a thud. Crocea Mors spun a circle, slashing the next from belly to chin. They soon turned to smoke, like Grimm.

The ground started to shake, the bulk of the tribe arriving. The rockets under his feet engaged, and Jaune blasted off over the heads of the hilichurls on a course for the biggest of them, the lawachurl. A second, smaller activation flipped him above the creature.

His sword switched to a gunlance, and he slammed Red Rook down on the lawachurl's head with all his strength—

Boomboomboomboom.

—and followed up with a fullburst that sent fragments of the rock armor flying every which way, kicking up a cloud of dust. The lawachurl came to an abrupt standstill.

The hilichurls' advance stalled out, the creatures thrown off by the thunderous noise of the gunlance. They stared in horror as their leader fell to his knees, then tipped over. Where there should have been a head, a figure armored in the scales of a dragon stood atop the lawachurl.

There was a moment where it seemed the hilichurls would retreat. That passed, as they began to scream and scream and scream. Growls, hisses, screeches—the sounds the hilichurls made sounded like no language, yet it conveyed hate better than words could. Fear, too.

Jaune thought he heard a cry of loss.

Couldn't be.

The body dissipated, dropping him into the center of the enemy force. It proved too great a temptation for the hilichurls. They rushed him, and thereafter the world narrowed to encompass merely what he could reach.

He dodged a blow, ended a life. Grabbed another, used it as his shield. His gunlance swept in a wide circle. Bones shattered to dust upon impact, incapacitating the creatures if they did not die outright. A mitachurl tackled him off his feet.

His face met the ground. He was lifted off it by his leg, only to smash again into the dirt. Up a second time, and he fed the mitachurl a jet of rocket exhaust right as his foot passed the eyeholes of its mask. The monstrous brute roared in pain, letting him go. Jaune hopped on the empty air—once, twice, thrice—to get his bearing.

He spotted Bennett. With all the mitachurls focused on the threat that brought down their leader, the reckless terror enjoyed free reign in carving a path deep within the enemy ranks. The boy laughed when struck by the hilichurls, over the moon as his Aura shielded him.

Fischl was fast closing in, firing arrows while on the move. She aimed for the small ones, wisely seeking to draw them away from the main melee to clear room for her allies.

Jaune then looked to Hu Tao, hoping that she was at least holding her own…

Ah… Um…

Why was everything on fire?

The girl had understated her abilities, her staff a burning stick that she spun and twirled like a circus acrobat. What it touched, it speared and set alight for a double whammy surprise. Flames in the shape of butterflies encircled these poor souls, once in a while exploding to rekindle the fire.

Did she even need him to make a graveyard?

Jaune pushed that matter out of his mind. She could take care of herself, that was the important point. It allowed him room to deal with the squad of big, angry stacks of muscles barreling down on him.

The gunlance returned to his Pocket, swapped out for the shorter sword. Jaune met the mitachurls head on, diving through a gap so that he was among them. The tight confines hindered him none, presenting targets on every side.

He slit the belly of one, and drove the blade up to impale the chin of another. A roll took him under an axe swing, a shield summoned to block a club. A kick from a mitachurl slammed him against the chest of its brethren. Without looking, Jaune stabbed behind himself, eliciting a shriek that cut off with a wet gurgle. [Third Arm] latched onto the one that kicked him, pulling him on its shoulders where he grabbed a fistful of the creature's mane.

The mitachurl shook its head like a dog in an attempt to dislodge him. It stumbled on unsteady feet, stomping on the occasional luckless hilichurl. The wild ride ended when Jaune let go, a rifle unloading a burst through the mitachurl's mask during his departure.

He landed to catch sight of a mitachurl trying to break off so it could attack Bennett. Darting between the crush of bodies, he clamped onto the thing's leg and, screaming with effort, he yanked it back and threw it at another of its brethren.

"Eyes on me!" he commanded the mitachurls.

Also, holy crap how much did he just lift?

"Mine, too?" Hu Tao asked as she skipped past him, bringing with her all that fire she had started in her wake. The grass had caught alight, and she scoured a wide circle in the dirt to break off the path of the flames, keeping it contained in their immediate surroundings.

"Ha! You never told me you were a magician," Jaune called over, fending off a mitachurl so it couldn't take Hu Tao's head off with a punch.

The young woman replied with an offended gasp. "These are the fires of my passionate heart, not parlor tricks! The raging will of a freedom warrior, here to fill Liyue with peace and justice!... Hee-hee, that's me."

So she said, as she exploded a hilichurl.

She sounds like the magical girls from that show my sisters watch. The Maidens, or whatever.

Jaune glanced at the staff in her hand. The girl even had a wand.

Her antics created a fantastic opening for him, however. Where the mitachurls and hilichurls screeched in agony, he walked through the flames unhurt, his armor rendering the heat akin to the summer breeze. He dispatched them one by one, meeting little resistance from foes distracted with the prospect of cooking alive.

Something about him broke the tribe of monsters. Following the demise of the last mitachurl, their tenuous formation, if it could be called that, soon devolved into a rabble desperate to run for the hills. The ones that didn't retreat turned into smoke to join the fallen.

Soon, the only people left standing in the grassy field were Jaune and his merry band, the party cheering their victory.

"A most splendid showing!" Fischl praised.

"I'm not bleeding! Check it out, Fischl!" crowed Bennett.

Jaune hooked him by the neck, and roughly rubbed his head to the boy's laughter. "You did good, Bennett, but don't think I didn't see you take that axe to the face." He summoned a shield he had stolen from a hilichurl, pressing it into Bennett's hands. "Start using this. It'd save your life someday!"

"Right, boss! But, uh… how do I use it?"

"It isn't that complicated. When an attack comes, you block."

"Block… Block… What is this mysterious concept?"

"Jaune, did you see my last shot? Did you? I do believe it was my best to date."

Between the two chirping adventurers, Jaune didn't notice that Hu Tao was gone until she called their names from over by the ruins. Zhongli regrouped with them, walking at a sedate pace, and they followed after Hu Tao into the hilichurl encampment.

He was skeptical of this at first, alert for danger. That sentiment vanished once he spotted the young woman grunting with effort as she dragged a chest out of a tent.

"I found a treasure chest~ And it's all mine~"

Jaune grabbed the handle on the other side.

"You mean, ours?"

Hu Tao snickered, and bit her bottom lip to keep from laughing harder.

"What's in here, anyway?" Jaune asked, lugging the heavy chest over to the rest of the group.

Zhongli provided the explanation. "A hilichurl tribe collects many bits and bobs over the course of their existence. They have an eye for shiny things. Glass, marbles, mirrors…"

Jaune lifted the lid, and everybody but Zhongli piled in for a look. Reflected on their faces was a golden glow.

"And Mora, most of all."


-o-​


"Dibs," Hu Tao immediately said.

Jaune leveled a deadpan gaze at her.

"Oh, look at your face! Don't take life too seriously, hee-hee~" she sang in a carefree voice.

This one wasn't Blonde, but she sure was Annoying.


Author's Notes: (⩌_⩌) (⩌_⩌) (⩌_x) (°ヮ°)
Last edited: Dec 22, 2025
Stories:
QQ Sneaking His Way into the Multiverse , a RWBY Jaune, WC-lite mechanics story.
Other RWBY stories on AO3 or FF - Yakuza Arc | Conquered Menagerie: Annals of the Sixth Kingdom | Cat, Bunny, and the Good Ship Honey Starbright | The Agent
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:m213, Amdiranifani, WinterPhoenix and 456 others
LazyAutumnMoon
Dec 19, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 62: When the Moon's Out
View content
LazyAutumnMoon
LazyAutumnMoon
We all need Sundancer in our life.
JoinedJun 7, 2024
Messages289
Likes received68,284
Dec 24, 2025
Add bookmark
#5,083
Chapter 62: When the Moon's Out​


Jaune and his party entered a village at the onset of evening, crossing the gate formed of three wooden poles lashed together. Constructed along a freshwater stream, homes ran on both sides of the riverbanks with a single bridge spanning the middle. The people there welcomed them, and their Mora.

One flaw stood out to Jaune in this idyllic scene. The place lacked a wall of any kind, the most token nod to it a fence that marked the boundaries, and while the others went ahead he got the story from a woman drawing water from a well. This settlement established itself not so long ago, decades to the centuries that some could boast of. They built the village first, capitalizing on the ample wild game living in the nearby mountains and the steady supply of lumber that came with the location. Farming followed suit as a matter of course, with livestock later raised in pens next to houses. The wall was an addition they intended to put up over the next few years if they had the time, with the woman deeming the matter as almost an afterthought.

"Sooo." He looked for a good way to phrase it once the villager finished her explanation, his hands occupied with pulling the bucket of water up from below. "It must be rough always fighting monsters to keep them from eating you in the night…"

"Oh no no, could you imagine? No, we have old Fong Sai for that," the woman said, with light laughter.

He frowned. "Just one person?"

That led him down a new, and very interesting, tangent. Safetywise, the village enjoyed protection from a retired adventurer. More than that, a Vision-holder. He dug more into that—obliquely with the subtlety he was known for, of course—and received quite a tale. Vision-holders were unordinary people that one could often spot within a crowd by the glowing gem amulet affixed someplace about their person, plus the way they wielded nigh magical powers derived from an element. Tellingly, all four of his companions carried amulets inlaid with gems that he had assumed were just decorations. He felt rather left out, now.

"Hypothetically, how would somebody get a Vision… you know, if they were in the market for that sort of thing?"

One did not dangle power in front of Jaune Arc, and tell him to keep his paws off it. This was, in broad strokes, the exact plot of how the beginning of Puree Seasoning Maidens or whatever went, just without the weird mascot.

The villager held a hand to her cheek, looking troubled. "I have no idea, dearie. Everybody asked Fong Sai at one point or another, but he would never say. It has to do with the Archons, I believe."

Jaune followed her gaze to spy the adventurer from afar, sitting outside his home. An old man with a quiet demeanor who carried a kind look on his face as he watched life in the village go by. His Vision, a pale blue stone, hung off a necklace tied around his neck and sparkled in the sunlight.

Buying the gem off the man probably wouldn't work, right? Not if gods and destiny and all that were involved? Filing the information away for later, he bade leave from the villager to regroup with the others.

They soon settled at the foot of the bridge, where simple wooden tables and chairs had been laid out for their use. How thoughtful, for it allowed them a charming view of the stream. Fischl in particular seemed taken with the sight, and she spent some time watching the colorful fish swimming amidst the clear water that washed over the smooth river stones, the long tresses of her blonde hair almost dipping into the stream on occasion. Bennett, meanwhile, quickly found himself pulled into a game by the local kids, as he was the most approachable-looking person in their eyes with his rough, down-to-earth adventuring outfit. A pot of tea occupied the rest of the party as they waited for dinner. Lanterns provided light for the area.

The village did not have a restaurant, per se. Rather, it was more apt to call the whole place a communal business as multiple homes pitched in to cook food for the paying guests. Whoever had a free kitchen at the time and knew a halfway presentable dish, and wanted a share of the Mora that Jaune paid to the leader of the settlement. Hu Tao, of all people, helped him to determine an amount that would make for fair compensation. He listened to her since the adventurers from Mondstadt possessed little clue of local prices, while Hu Tao assured Jaune that Zhongli's help would see Jaune passing over his entire share of the treasure chest they found. The consultant to the funeral parlor carried a notorious reputation for airheadedness regarding money, a piece of information that Jaune would have dearly loved to hear twenty-four hours earlier.

Despite everything, the number of dishes still grew to overwhelm their rickety table, and it turned into an impromptu feast once they offered much of the meal back to the villagers so as to not waste the effort and ingredients that went into it. That was the rationale Zhongli provided, anyway. In an oddly strategic move, the generous gesture snagged them the good stuff from the wine cellars—or the clay pots stacked in a storeroom, as it were.

"Psst, hey, what are you doing?" Hu Tao whispered to him partway through the dinner. Up close, the uniquely-shaped pupils of her eyes better resembled the plum flowers of which she seemed so fond than they do stars. They sparkled with mischief, for she had just now ducked her head under the table to catch his sleight of hands.

Osmanthus wine possessed a sweet floral taste, very refreshing and mellow. He had been siphoning some of it into empty flasks taken from his supplies, for Lisa to later try.

"Nothing to worry about," he answered, undeterred by her discovery. To his delight, she snuck a look at their surroundings, then passed her cup over. Hu Tao was joining in on his caper.

"Take this too, if you like. It's plum rice wine, tasty and highly recommended by yours truly."

The two of them snickered as more and more of the alcohol vanished from the table, to the point that it became noticeable and people assumed them a couple of lushes.

"Do at least try to maintain your dignity," said Zhongli in wry disapproval, a hand shielding his eyes from the absolutely deplorable state of today's youths.

Jaune was of the opinion that the guy prone to skipping out on bills had no room to talk. Birds of a feather, they all were.

"Lighten up, man. I imagine that they prefer us this way," he said, waving to indicate the boisterous scene around them.

Over at one table, children—and even some adults—cheered or clapped along as Fischl, aided by Oz, regaled them in a grandiose manner of today's battles. Mention of the hilichurl camp they took care of elevated the group to the status of heroes for the night. Bennett, stuck at the table behind Jaune, was practically force-fed with food that he had been too polite to turn down courtesy of a group of housewives, who commented on his need to eat more and the availability of their daughters. Said daughters surrounded him, flirting with the boy in somewhat futile fashion since most of it passed over his head. (Zhongli, arguably the more handsome of the two, attracted a different set of hangers-on in the form of old men engrossed in discussing the tea they drank with utmost seriousness.)

"Oh ya, dignity is a load of hot air," Hu Tao agreed, propping an elbow on Jaune's shoulder for balance as she leaned back on her chair to look past him at Zhongli. "My dearest employee, let loose a little~ You're going to make those young ladies sighing over you from a distance so disappointed if you don't notice them soon."

The girl said, while entirely missing the gaggle of boys over there trying to catch her attention. Jaune spared her a dry look while accepting a new plate of food, thanking the village girl who handed it to him.

"Well, the point's moot anyway, what with him dressing for a funeral," he said, and gestured at the suit that the other man wore, an understated affair in black betrayed upon closer study by intricate embroideries on luxurious silks. "Don't get me wrong, it's a good look. Just the wrong occasion, maybe. Doesn't it get stuffy in that?"

"A friend made this for me," Zhongli said with a calm and dismissive air, as if that excused everything. If there was a touch of defensiveness to his tone, he hid it well.

Hu Tao gasped, covering her mouth. "You have friends?"

"Interesting… Do they accept orders?" Jaune asked, more intrigued by the possibility of getting clothes for himself and certain other people. The suit really was a wonder the more he looked at it. Slits that appeared useless, until one sat down and the jacket conformed perfectly to the new position without a single crease. Fabric a subdued black, catching the light of the lanterns in such ways that it resembled the undulating scales of a snake or lizard. Jaune squinted to make out the embroideries on the suit's lapels, and if he wasn't mistaken then they depicted a continuous saga, scene to scene, though where it began and ended on the jacket he could not guess.

"I do, and no, not any longer," Zhongli answered them both, ending with a wistful sigh.

Jaune caught the meaning, and winced. "Oh. Sorry."

"Don't be. No life lasts forever. He would be flattered to know that you appreciate his work."

That didn't stop the mood from sobering up for the table and people nearby. The villagers sent Zhongli careful looks, unwilling to speak lest they offend. Jaune dithered in silence as he searched for a topic that would maneuver them down lighter avenues without seeming crude. It brought about an awkward lull in the festivities for everyone.

"Awww, turn those frowns upside down! Is that any way to think of the dead?"

Except for Hu Tao, that was. She pounded the table with her palms, affecting the bearing of one greatly aggrieved that she exaggerated for effect.

"Come on, let's enjoy ourselves. Jaune, tell us a story!" she demanded.

He looked at her. "Hah?"

"What do you mean, 'hah'?" she asked, mimicking his deadpan delivery. Still seated, she planted her hands on her hips. "It's not often that villages get a show with their dinner. Look at them." She jerked her head at Fischl and Bennett, the pair growing flustered as they noticed the sudden focus on them from this corner. "Our young'uns already did their part unlike you two old fogeys, are you going to let that lie?"

"Ye—"

Hu Tao cut him off. "No! So get to it, and participate! Celebrate! Inebriate!"

A few people cheered at that last one, raising their cups. Hu Tao grinned, and motioned to them as if to say 'See? I'm doing my part'.

The mood that barely had the chance to veer into a downward turn pivoted in a new direction, and Jaune had to crack a smile at that. A person who could not take things seriously might sometimes be what the world needed. It gave him the encouragement to join in.

"So, you want to hear a story? Alright, sure," he said, looking around to see nodding heads.

Wetting his lips with a cup of water, he shifted to sit straighter. His elbows went on the rickety table, and he lowered his voice.

"Then let me tell you a tale of hate."

A sudden hush fell over the listeners. Those that had been paying less than their full attention snapped around, eyes wide. Jaune noted Zhongli pausing in drinking his tea for a brief moment, before setting the cup down altogether. They hadn't anticipated this from Jaune and, instinctively, many leaned in to better hear him. Once he had their complete focus, he elaborated.

"Hate, for that is the beast I encountered." He scanned the audience, locking gaze with one face to the next. "You think hate is a scowl, a glare. You imagine it wielding fearsome weapons of steel and fire, raining death over the land. I know it as a more personal thing.

"A foul creature of the most bad-tempered disposition."

Murmurs passed among the listeners, each guessing at what he meant. Even now, they imagined dragons. Tentacles from the deep, or ravening wolves.

They understood nothing. Jaune continued. "Early in my travels, I chanced upon a cave amidst a pitted landscape, and I explored it thinking to seek riches. Gold, perhaps. Mystical artifacts and legendary arms, certainly. Instead, as I delved into the depths of the cave, I soon discovered the remains of those who came before me. I saw enough to bury the ground beneath my feet, a carpet made of bones picked clean. I never did find treasure. Hate cares not for such things."

He brushed a hand over his neck, on the side. Some nights, he woke up and remembered the feeling of sharp fangs on his jugular.

"Our clash began as it ambushed me. When the first strike failed to bring me low, it dashed into hiding—oh, but don't think it gone. No, it lurked in the places I could not see. It watched my every move. The beast sought more than wanton violence, it was clever and knew of joy, of having me scared and helpless as I experienced the utter certainty that death comes for me. I had stepped into its hunting grounds, and I wasn't getting out. From the moment it met me, it dreamed of seizing my throat and tearing it away with its bare teeth. That is hate. That is malice."

Children moved closer to their friends or parents. Bennett clenched one hand into a fist, the boy looking ready to charge into the past and fight back the big, bad monster to save Jaune.

A villager pushed his way forward.

"What manner of beast is this, sir?" he asked, a young man quaking in his boots from anxious nerves, whose eyes yet conveyed a dream of his own adventures. Innocent eyes that have not seen the peak of the mountain.

"Its fur was as white as snow, or should I say, as white as the bones among which it lay in wait. The eyes, you should have seen the eyes, red as blood… I suspect that is its favorite color. It had ears yay long." He mimed with his hands, placing them atop his head. In the seat beside him, Hu Tao slowly tilted her head. "And nasty, big, pointy teeth, like this." He demonstrated.

"How tough was the skin? How big was it?" Bennett questioned with a frown. "Your sword's wicked sharp, so I can't imagine it not cutting the beast in half."

With the questions rolling in, Jaune shifted the way he told the story to turn it into a dialogue. "Small does not mean weak. I could have held it with my hands put together." He showed them, ignoring the way Hu Tao made a small noise in the back of her throat. "Quite impossible to hit at the speed it was going. It hopped and hopped and hopped, and all I could do was swing blindly in hope of a lucky blow."

"And you beat it?" said a villager, the girl that had served him food and drinks, as she hung on to his every word. "How?"

He looked at her. "I've learned to fight all manners of beasts, so I did what my teachers taught me. I ceased my futile flailing, and thought. Thought long, and thought hard." He tapped the side of his head. "What were its weaknesses? The large ears suggested an acute sense of hearing, perhaps I could deafen it with a loud noise? The tail, a short and stubby tuft of fur on a short and stubby body, might it provide a spot for me to grab where the beast cannot bite me?"

Hu Tao's face grew brighter with each detail, until her mouth hung wide open and she trembled with suppressed emotion.

"In the end, the plan I arrived at was to put myself on the line. It sought to get a taste of my flesh, and I shall allow it, thereby becoming the bait to a trap of my own devise. I stood in the open, and in order to draw the clever beast in, I threw away my sword."

Gasps, whispers. They couldn't believe it, and Jaune heard calls of "Idiot!" and "How brave!" in equal measure for the risk he chose to take.

"My heart was pounding in my chest," Jaune said solemnly, placing a hand over that same heart, "as I stood awaiting death. Closer and closer it came, sure of its victory. It bared its teeth in thirst, eager for my blood. With a final leap, it sprang for my throat… just as I brilliantly deduced. I reached out with my hand and CHOMP!" Those listening jerked back at the sudden noise. "I sacrificed to it my fingers. Oh, how it hurt. The pain was beyond what you can picture. Yet, at that moment I smiled." And tonight, he chuckled at the memory. "I had won. With my fingers hooked behind the teeth, the beast could not run. Lacking leverage, it could not hop out of harm's way. The battle between us then and there, with me the victor."

"And thus clear-headed thinking triumphed over blind hate," Zhongli observed, nodding at the satisfying moral to the tale.

Jaune answered simply, "Yes, it has."

"Tell us what it is, Jaune."

The commanding tone caused people to turn toward Hu Tao. Her hands were squishing her cheeks, which had grown completely red.

The corner of his lips twitched, but he fought down the impulse and replied in a neutral manner. "Hm?"

"The beast. What is it called?"

He shared a conspiratory look with her. The girl knew.

"Some refer to it by the legend left in its wake. The Beast of Caerbannog, named for the bone-strewn cave where hundreds of warriors had fallen. However…"

He stopped there. His shaking hands reached for a cup of water, holding it as if it held his salvation. He allowed the moment to drag on, milking it.

"However, you may know of it better as a bunny."

For a bit, the audience reacted with appreciation. Ohhhh, that was what it was. Of course.

Then, what he said fully hit them.

A child, not even ten years of age, summed it up best. "…Excuse me?"

At this point, Hu Tao dropped out of her seat with how hard she was laughing. Meanwhile, Jaune sat back, basking at the utterly flummoxed looks of the villagers, along with that of Bennett and Fischl.

"A bunny?" Bennett asked, his voice cracking partway through.

He nodded, and showed his hand. "And I have the scars to prove it. My fingers still hurt on rainy afternoons."

"I don't see anything," someone said.

"The scars are on my soul," he amended. "No, really, I can't see a rabbit nowadays without wanting to cook it in a pot."

Hu Tao climbed off the ground, using the table to pull herself up while wiping the tears from her eyes. "Ahhh, I knew I wasn't wrong about you, Jaune. You understand my dark, silly heart." She flashed a haughty, challenging look at the person on Jaune's other side. "Your turn, Zhongli. Top that if you can, oh famed storyteller."

Jaune now noticed the other man's change in mood, the way Zhongli looked at him with a tired gaze, fingers rapping on the table in an about-face from his earlier contented demeanor. He offered a sheepish grin, a gesture returned with stern rebuke.

"A joke," said Zhongli, never so uncouth as to spit out the words. "A fair attempt at fable, with a moral lesson, only to end with a punchline. With humor, the lowest form of theater. The Heyu Tea House would burn if such a story was performed there."

That had to be the most scathing thing he had heard from the man in their brief acquaintance.

Jaune raised a finger in objection. "It's… actually the truth, as unbelievable as it might sound."

With a click of his tongue, Zhongli slid his chair back a little and crossed one leg over the other. He tugged on his jacket lapels to straighten his suit, which seemed more habit than necessity considering the already crisp appearance of the outfit.

"Your story, while entertaining in some ways, lacks polish. Storytellers must take into account their audiences, and tailor to suit the occasion," Zhongli critiqued. "As the Director requested, I shall recount one to match yours, and it would even draw a connection with what we have discussed earlier, however tenuous. A tertiary concern, yet continuity matters in regards to a feast. Its components should form a whole.

"Last night, I spoke to you of the yakshas of yore. Let us add to this tale."

Zhongli cleared his throat, and raised his cup to his lips to take a sip of tea. The cup returned to the table.

"What knowledge of the yakshas that survives into our current era is scarce, indeed. They are remembered most for their violent temperament. Yet, that reflects just one side of the story. Their daily lives amounted to more than ceaseless war, and it is said that each yaksha had their passion.

"For Menogias, it was clothes-making."

As emphasis, the man flicked imaginary dust off the cuff of his suit. Jaune noted the difference among the villagers between the last story and this one. His had best drawn in the young, the adventurous. Zhongli captured everyone's interest.

He told the right story, perhaps. Liyue was the land the yakshas fought for. Faded legends they might be, something within the people's hearts retained the memory. What was the life of Jaune Arc compared to that?

"He loved it so, and for years Menogias honed his craft amidst the mountaintops, seeking inspiration in the formless clouds above and the coursing rivers below. His works grew into the envy of mortals, adepti, and even demons alike. In fact, the clothes he wove would likely be lauded as the height of fashion today."

A slight exaggeration, Jaune had no doubt. Fashion lived in cycles, but old was old.

"Now, let it be known that the clothes Menogias created are not always without flaws, and none knew this better than Bonanus. For you see, he doted on her like he did no other." Zhongli gave a small smile. "Rex Lapis himself had to wait while the yaksha sewed a dress for his sister in all but blood."

A gasp followed that claim, shocked and offended. Zhongli accepted the reaction with aplomb. Would it count as blasphemy to suggest that one's god stood in line to pick up his order at the tailor shop, like everybody else?

"A prized status Bonanus held, though she might disagree had anyone asked. The wild ideas that gripped her self-proclaimed older brother from time to time caused her much suffering. For example, on a day in spring, Menogias found inspiration in a waterfall and from it he gifted Bonanus with a dress. So flowing and layered was it that in the next battle it caught on her movements, leading Bonanus to roll herself into a ball, flailing as the demons she was pursuing escaped into the forest.

"Her tantrum thrown that day shook the mountain that they call home. The other yakshas fled to the valleys, and slept in the open that night for fear of a landslide."

As Jaune listened, he asked himself one question. Was Bonanus blonde, by any chance? Because this sounded like something he'd see in his house. Being the only boy, he got a lucky break, but the subject of hand-me-down dresses was serious business and had resulted in a fight on more than one occasion. (And one time, him in the dress that his sisters were fighting over.)

"It is a testament to their bond that after Bonanus expressed her grievances of the dress, Menogias took no offense. Rather, he immediately set to weaving his next project, now taking into account her opinion instead of only his own. Nothing that would hinder her movements. No more fabric than is necessary. It must be a dress for battle, it must be short.

"Menogias heeded the request to the letter. Short, Bonanus said. Short it shall be. So short was the dress in the next battle, that it rendered the demons spellbound with her mere appearance… Unfortunately, the windy day ensured that the mighty Bonanus could not move for fear of a stray breeze.

"And that was how a dress did what no demons could, and defeated a yaksha."

Zhongli finished his tale to a scandalized audience. Though, look closely and one would notice that he also garnered many eager ears. The man ignored it all to drink his tea. He then glanced at Jaune, meeting a tepid gaze.

"After all that, you ended it with a punchline?" Jaune asked.

"It's actually the truth, as unbelievable as it might sound," was Zhongli's blithe reply, mirroring Jaune's own words. His calm delivery carried a hint of a smile.

"Uh-huh, color me skeptical," Jaune said in good humor. "I have to admit, though… it is different from the impression I got when I first heard about the warlike yaksha."

Zhongli shrugged. "Rather than warlike, I believe the truth is that they lived lives full of emotions, whether that be anger or love or embarrassment on a particular day. They knew what their duty entailed, and so gave their all in each moment."

Jaune thought about it for a bit. "That's not so different from some people I can name."

He decided that he truly did like these yakshas.

The brief lull that followed the statement was broken when Hu Tao clapped her hands together.

"A fine entry by Liyue Harbor's Zhongli, to be expected of someone I hire." She stuck out her tongue as Zhongli turned toward her with a blank look. "Okay, next up… Bennett!"

The boy jolted at the mention of his name, mouth bulging with food that he had to swallow down in a hurry.

"Me?"

Hu Tao just nodded without saying anything, an evil smile stretching wide on her face.

Bennett fidgeted in place, uncomfortable with the attention turned his way. A hand went up to rub the back of his head. "A story? Uh, does one of my adventures work? Because I have a pretty good one—"

"Bennett," Fischl suddenly called out.

"Hang on, Fischl, I'm getting to it."

Fischl shook her head, blonde hair swishing. "No, Bennett—You're not choking."

The girl pointed, and Jaune realized what she meant as he followed the hand to the empty bowl in front of Bennett.

"He's not choking," Jaune echoed.

The confused villagers broke into whispers, wondering what they were talking about, but Bennett simply looked down at the rice bowl, blinking.

"I...ate it all? And I'm fine…?" he mumbled in a stupor.

"The laws that bind the firmament of this world have been broken. The sky is falling!" Fischl bemoaned, holding Oz for comfort.

Jaune wouldn't go quite that far, but it was an uncharacteristic stroke of good luck for the other boy. He cast his mind back to the day, recalling all the accidents that didn't happen to the hapless Bennett, unlike yesterday afternoon. The other boy walked without crashing into things. He failed to perform a clumsy tumble down a hill that would alert the hilichurls of the party. Hours gone since they arrived at the village, and he had yet to slip in the river even once.

Bennett must have taken the same trip down memory lane, because with a shout he pumped both fists in the air.

"I've never been this lucky before!"

Whoof. Wasn't that just sad. The boy was experiencing what others would call a normal life, and he deemed it a miracle.

Jaune shoved that morbid thought out of his mind, along with the creeping dread that the cause of Bennett's misfortune might have shifted over to him. This was a time to celebrate, and he got up to walk over to Bennett.

"Welp, now that I'm reasonably certain it won't kill you…" He summoned a bottle to hand, one made of glass so clear that it drew amazement from those around him. "You deserve a drink."

He poured the Spirytus into a cup for Bennett, then one for himself. He raised the cup high in a toast, a gesture returned by many.

They downed their drinks.

Bennett immediately started coughing up his lungs.

"Oops. I guess some things are beyond luck. Sorry, Bennett."


-o-​


Come nightfall, a new sound interrupted the peace of the village. It almost went unheard amidst the hubbub of conversations. Jaune craned his ears, and caught it in full the second time.

It was a cry for help, pitched with a forlorn plaintiveness.

The villagers surprised him. For as kind as they have been to him, they chose to go back to their homes upon hearing the plea rather than lend aid. He saw door after door shutting, the people holding their hands over their ears.

"What are they doing?" he asked nobody in particular, pausing at the fence dividing the village from the forest. Old Fong Sai, the retired adventurer, met Jaune's gaze from his place on the bridge which spans the stream. The man only gave him a weary nod, before turning away.

"Boss! Let's go!" Bennett called over his shoulder. He and Fischl have crossed into the thickets ahead of him.

"...Right." Jaune pushed the villagers' odd behavior out of mind to focus on what was important. Somewhere in the darkness, a person had encountered trouble.

The forest next to the village ran long, and uphill toward the mountain ranges. Its trees bore golden leaves where the bamboo had not overgrown, the latter forming thick groves that broke the forest into a dozen twisting paths. Bushes rustled as animals rushed away from the loud humans barreling through their habitat.

He quickly overtook the others, with them falling in to follow him. The voice that requested help had been joined by more like it, a chorus of weak and hopeless prayers. He used their constant droning to get his bearing, adjusting course when needed.

And then he heard the voices come from behind him instead of in front.

Skidding to a stop, Jaune scanned the woods with a careful eye. The scant light from the moon above, half-obscured by clouds, allowed a measure of visibility. The pair of young adventurers looped around a bamboo grove to join him. They, too, startled at the new direction of the cry for help.

"Have my ears deceived me?" Fischl asked, spinning round and round to look for a hint of people in their vicinity. Her familiar, Oz, shot off into the night in order to extend the search, while Bennett took up position back to back with the girl to cover one another. "No, my senses remain my own. I hear them, it is no fevered dream—Jaune, have you ever encountered this before?"

"Disembodied voices? Oh yeah, that's never good." Thankfully, he had a solution for that. [Blank], on~.

…Nevermind, that didn't work.

"I see something!" Bennett shouted, and they whirled toward him. He had a sword in one hand, the other pointing.

The place he indicated shone with a faded, milky light of no determinable source. Over time, it emerged more and more from among the bamboo trees, shifting and undulating to create shapes that weren't quite there. Jaune studied it closely, striving to make out a pattern. Suddenly, he found it as the formless mass grew clearer.

Two pitted holes and a gaping maw turned his blood to ice.

"Ahhh!"

"G-Ghosts!"

Bennett and Fischl screamed, hugging each other. Jaune took two big strides to stand in front of them, which caused the ghostly entity to shift its focus to him.

He shivered at the sight of the disturbing pseudo-face. Things like this were why he preferred the comfort of a nice, big wall whenever he slept. Who could ever guess what lurked in the darkness.

But tonight, that wasn't going to be a problem…

His hand mimed a sword grip, and one appeared in it an instant later. He twirled the weapon once, ending with the tip leveled at the entity. The string tied to the hilt swished back and forth, the paper talisman connected to it catching the moonlight. A deft motion with his free hand pasted a disposable version of the seal onto the steel blade.

…because Jaune and his spirit-slaying blade would save the day!

Pak!

Hu Tao chopped down on his wrist with a dainty hand shaped like a knife, making him pause before he could charge at the ghost. When that didn't lead to his sword slipping out of his grasp, the girl pouted at him as if it was his fault and not due to her noodly arms.

"Hu Tao," he muttered, gaze returning to the entity. "Not the time right now."

Unfazed, the girl poked experimentally at the paper seal adhering to his sword, then scratched at it with a black-painted nail. She bent her knees to put herself level with the talisman attached to the hilt, observing it with a critical eye.

Afterward, Jaune heard her sigh.

"Ai-yai-yai, such violent intent these fellows hold. I ought to meet the person that made them and give them a piece of my mind," Hu Tao complained.

He was more concerned with the things going on behind her. The formless entity had drifted closer, and it brought along friends. He tried to raise his sword, which earned him an annoyed look from Hu Tao.

"Stop that!" she demanded.

"You stop that!" he retorted.

Hu Tao stomped her foot. "Ugh, you are just the rudest house guest, aren't you? You're embarrassing us!"

"Miss Hu Tao," Bennett piped up behind Jaune, voice trembling. "What do mean by that? We're in the woods andtheghostsarealmostonyouahhhh—!"

And the boy was doing so well for a while there.

He would have attempted to crush the pseudo-limb grabbing onto Hu Tao's shoulder if she hadn't gotten there first. The girl gently laid her hand atop the misty substance, and Jaune's eyes widened as it sharpened into clarity as another hand. He followed it up along an arm and behind Hu Tao to see… people.

A young woman and a young man, and a little girl clinging onto their legs. Half there and half not.

"...Help us…Help…"

"Mommy…"

Hu Tao looked at the expression on his face, at the figures reflected in his eyes. She reached up, and patted his cheek.

"We didn't think to ask and they didn't want to tell the story… Why was there a new village?"

Because the old village was gone. As the clouds peeled back, the light of the moon illuminated the immediate area to let Jaune view in full the details around him.

The pile of rocks that was a well. Shattered fragments of clay pots. Paths reclaimed over the decades by the fast-growing bamboo, until almost nothing remained. His boot scuffed against the ground, and beneath a layer of dirt his heel encountered a wooden floor.

He picked out traces of homes. The corner of a house here, the remnants of a doorway there. Some spots showed signs of deliberate removal, the material extracted to be used again. Most were buried under the earth, covered by grass and flowers with the passing time. The worst of the damage seemed to have been suffered by the area that rested further up the slope. A landslide had taken the village, long ago.

Hu Tao's face scrunched in displeasure. "I'll need to have a talk with the census bureau once we're back in Liyue Harbor. It's their job to notify the Wangsheng Funeral Parlor whenever something like this happens."

She continued to grumble complaints but he didn't quite catch those, still transfixed by the family crying and beseeching for him to help them.

He worked his jaw, and after a while, managed to speak. "What do we do now?"

A rhetorical question, since he had a solution but simply wanted to avoid the idea. Killing a ghost sounded easy until he put faces to them.

In answer, Hu Tao pulled out incense sticks from who knew where, and winked at him.

"What else? I'm always prepared for a funeral ☆"


-o-​


Flowers, she had said. Flowers, he would get.

Jaune weaved his glider between the steep peaks that jutted like pillars out of the ground. The shape of the mountains here created an interesting effect on the wind, producing strong gusts that twisted and turned in unpredictable ways. Conditions which made for good flight training, not that he had the time for it.

A second pass around the area, and he spotted what he was looking for on the sheer cliffside. Upon an outcropping that measured no more than a couple of inches grew a singular green stem, from which multiple flower bulbs bloomed, tipped downward with their soft, purple petals seeming to glow under the moonlight. He angled the glider to cut back toward the location, slowing his momentum with careful blasts of the rockets on his boots.

Clinging to the side of the mountain, he cut the stem with a small knife. The knife went inside his Pocket afterward. The flower he held on for a short while longer, turning it this way and that as he enjoyed its scent.

Violetgrass…

They resembled the bluebell flowers that grew near his home, and which often carpeted the forest floor when in season. A shade darker, perhaps, but carrying the same fragrance that he hadn't known he missed until now.

Its item entry in the inventory list cited uses in cooking and, more notably, medicinal concoctions, spurring him to linger in the area to collect additional specimens for Escha. Whether the solitary nature of the plant would hinder proper cultivation, he would leave for their little gardener to figure out.

Once he had his fill of reminiscing, the flower vanished into thin air, as if it were never there.

"Okay, two more," he decided, pushing off from the rocks.

Eventually, he descended from the mountains with his bounty. Locating the right spot required a few tries, but soon he was walking along the path leading back to the meeting point, just outside the destroyed village. The stone steps here would take him up to a shrine built of wood and smooth rocks.

Signs of the others' efforts dotted the path. The foliage had been trimmed, the steps swept cleaner. Someone had stuck paper talismans of a different design than those he owned to the trees. Their presence asserted a sort of order to the wild forest—a boundary to denote a purpose to this place.

He found Hu Tao partway to the shrine, sitting alone on a boulder.

The girl barely acknowledged him, absorbed in turning her hand, again and again, to watch the Aura gleaming on her skin. Hers was a dark red, so dark that it almost became black to blend with her clothes. It reminded Jaune of the color of blood.

"Oh, you're back," she said after a bit. "I was… It's strange, don't you think? To see one's life."

"I don't usually hear it put like that," he replied, walking closer to stand at the foot of the boulder.

"The soul is the person, the body a vessel," Hu Tao explained. "Each has its proper place, and together it means we are alive. So, am I here or am I inside? Is it still a part of me, I wonder, or am I dead even while living?"

Jaune shivered, because the wind was cold and nothing else.

"Hee-hee. Sorry to have made you uncomfortable. I'll stop, I'll stop." Hu Tao stood up, and brushed down her clothes. A jump took her from the boulder to beside him, and a bright smile dispelled the previous atmosphere.

"Can I interest you in some specially-made talismans? I assure you that they would be much cozier than the ones you currently have on your sword."

Jaune chuckled at the sudden sales pitch. "I'm not really looking for 'cozy', but hey, if you can show me that they work…"

"I'll ask again some other time, then. Did you pick up the flowers?"

He summoned the bundle of Violetgrass as an answer, and Hu Tao's smile turned decidedly softer.

"Good. Come on, we shouldn't keep our clients waiting."

The two of them made their way up to the shrine. Zhongli was already there, standing with his hands clasped behind his back. Most would think the man out on a stroll given his casual air.

"An inauspicious day for a ceremony, Director," he said once they drew near. "The moon is partially obscured, and there are only strangers in attendance."

Hu Tao nodded, accepting the counsel. "I'm sure that they can forgive us for the lapse. We will just have to do our best."

Soon after, the final members of the party returned from their assigned tasks. It was time for a funeral.

As far as it went, the ceremony did not last long. At least, compared to Jaune's experiences. He lacked the understanding for much of it, and on the whole stayed kneeling along with Fischl and Bennet while Hu Tao burned incense three times, and recited a long poem, or what to him sounded like a poem. The trio took their cue from Zhongli on when to bow their heads, and to light colorful papers that caught fire fast and drifted up with the smoke.

Near the end, Hu Tao turned to them. Her demeanor was one that had bothered Jaune throughout the ceremony, so far was it from her usual mischief. She bowed to them, and he and the others hastily returned the gesture. One by one, they were requested to place offerings on the altar, composed of food from the disrupted dinner that was retrieved from the village down by the stream.

About this step, the pair from the Wangsheng Funeral Parlor had been singularly vague, leaving the selection of offerings up to each person. So when his turn came, Jaune presented what he chose with some trepidation. A bowl of rice, and a dish filled with osmanthus wine.

Here, as home, settlements took life into their own hands. Any number of calamities might strike, the chances rising higher the further out they went. Help was promised, yes, but the cities were far. Rice, wheat—the grains mattered. It was food, and another day, at the most basic level.

That, and a toast of wine in remembrance of the years this village stood… He hadn't spoken a word this whole time, and hoped this would at least convey to that family his thoughts.

He wouldn't know. They never showed themselves beyond their first appearance.

Hu Tao clapped twice, and pushed upright.

"Thank you, everyone, for your presence today," she said, with an air of finality.

The abrupt end threw Jaune for a loop. "It's over? So did it work, were the ghosts able to move on?"

A long moment ensued in which Hu Tao simply stared at him, still with that soft, sad look. The flower-shaped pupils of her eyes reflected the flickering incense flames. They rooted him in place, and in the back of his mind, unbidden questions arose that he never thought to mull on before now. What laid at the end. Where did souls go. Who will be there at his funeral.

Then, it was as if a flip switch, and Hu Tao broke out in a big smile.

"Who knows? Don't ask me, I just conduct funerals—Ooh!" She dropped a fist into an open palm. "There's time if you want to pick off the best bits of the offerings before the spooky spirits eat it all. Better hurry!"

Seriously, why did he even let her get to him in the first place?

His face met his hand. "Really don't know what I expected... And Hu Tao, no. Please, no. Show some respect."

"Pssh, whoever those lingering spirits were spent years surrounded by doom and gloom. They have to be bored of it at this point. Come on, I'll show you a traditional funerary dance, and you can help cheer them up. If they're around, that is."

The funeral director that probably shouldn't have her job glomped onto an easy target, Fischl, and pulled her to her feet. The sudden action flustered the younger girl but she went along, unwilling to dampen Hu Tao's good cheer. Bennett, with Oz on his head, soon became her second victim, with Hu Tao then using their numbers to apply pressure on Jaune to join in.

Her antics got a laugh out of him. It was said the happiest were destined for the frontier. Born to it, like none other. Hu Tao would have fit right in with home. His somber mood fell away, and after rolling his eyes and showing an appropriate amount of reluctance, he walked over to the group, hooking an arm around Zhongli to drag him along before he could escape.

"How traditional is this dance?"

"Three months! I made it up!"


Author's Notes: (⩌_⩌) (⩌_⩌) (⩌_x) (°ヮ°) (*ᗜ*)

Eris could only protecc one.
Last edited: Dec 24, 2025
Stories:
QQ Sneaking His Way into the Multiverse , a RWBY Jaune, WC-lite mechanics story.
Other RWBY stories on AO3 or FF - Yakuza Arc | Conquered Menagerie: Annals of the Sixth Kingdom | Cat, Bunny, and the Good Ship Honey Starbright | The Agent
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:m213, Amdiranifani, Amrynel and 416 others
LazyAutumnMoon
Dec 24, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 63: Down Where It's Wetter (Pt. 1)
View content
LazyAutumnMoon
LazyAutumnMoon
We all need Sundancer in our life.
JoinedJun 7, 2024
Messages289
Likes received68,284
Dec 27, 2025
Add bookmark
#5,111
Chapter 64: Down Where It's Wetter (Pt. 1)​


Bennett and Fischl stood at the top of the road leading down to the Yaoguang Shoal, and together they cheered.

"It's the seeea!"

Jaune left them to enjoy the moment, strolling past the pair with his hands laced behind his head, his Gallian-blue jacket rolled up to the elbows. He breathed in a lungful of the fresh ocean air, and basked in the bright sunshine. Good or bad, it always came back to the sea with him.

The Yaoguang Shoal consisted of a long, long stretch of sand filled with shallow ponds left by the tide, situated between the cliffs of the higher plateau and the open ocean. Some pools of water measured no deeper than a person's ankle, others essentially created islands cut off from the main landmass. He hadn't ever seen anything like this before, and it seemed to him a charming destination for a vacation.

In normal circumstances, that was. He frowned slightly upon spotting an area up ahead that did not appear so picturesque. At the end of the road, there should have been a simple fishing village to greet a traveler. A place where someone could rest for the night following a day of frolicking at the seashore. What laid before his eyes was a mire, a bog made brown and rough from the churned up ground, blemished by the many detritus left from the buildings that once stood here. The area saw a lot of activity today with guards dispatched from Liyue Harbor working alongside the villagers to reclaim the land.

"You know, I heard that the people here made out just fine, but I didn't expect that they'd be this energetic," he remarked.

"Their village was due for relocation, anyhow," Hu Tao said, skipping to his side and slowing down to match his pace. "On my last visit, I kept getting stories about how the foundations were slipping more and more each month, to the point that shoring them up became the local pastime. Everyone saw what was coming."

A silver lining, that. From how the Guild put it, the collapse of the village took hours, spanning from near midnight to the early morning. A slow, inexorable process giving ample warning to even the deepest sleeper, rather than a sudden calamity to swallow everything at once. The people escaped with minor injuries, along with most of their stuff. Pangs of sorrow over the loss of their homes and the memories made inside were mitigated to an extent by the knowledge that they remained alive to feel it (and, on a sorely-needed positive note after that, to begin again). Mother nature could be a wicked witch sometimes, but on this occasion she wasn't out-and-out villainous about it. Life went on.

"The funding from the city helps," Zhongli added, from his place a few paces back. "Say what you will of Ningguang and her policies, she has changed the way of Liyue."

Hu Tao stuck out her tongue. "Pffft. Ningguang is terrible. She refused my proposal for the Lantern Rite Festival three years in a row now!"

"I am sure that 'more fire' will find a receptive audience at some point," Zhongli said, indulgently.

The girl accepted the show of support without thinking deeply of it, and once she found another interesting object to occupy her time, began to skip ahead down the road while humming a merry tune. Bennett and Fischl blurred by Jaune a little later, racing after her.

Meanwhile, Zhongli drew level with him. "Well then, shall we go?"

Jaune looked up at the bright blue sky.

"Sure, let's see what today has in store for us."


-o-​


Not long after, the party entered the former fishing village and set to work. A quick glance affirmed that others had the reclamation effort well in hand, and it was not Jaune's purpose here in any case, so he asked around and a guard pointed him toward an overlook where the adventurers dispatched by the Guild based their camp. With a few days headstart over him, they would hopefully possess a wealth of information on the situation to save him time.

"Rex Lapis, deliver us from that girl…"

Those words, said in a less than discrete fashion, were the first indication for Jaune that the meeting might not go as he imagined. Hu Tao seemed to be acquainted with the speaker, because she perked right up on catching sight of them.

"Yingzhu!" Hu Tao called out, rushing up the slope to enter the camp. The place consisted of simple tents pitched around a table where the adventurers could conduct their investigative work. Three people occupied the area, and they gathered in the presence of visitors. They shared a common theme, hardy clothes in predominantly green, almost like a uniform. "Where have you been, I haven't talked to you in ages!"

The person she addressed, a woman a few years older than Jaune, returned the chirpy greeting with a tight smile. "It really is odd, isn't it, Hu Tao? I wonder why."

Her eyes scanned over their group. Aside from lingering on Zhongli, this Yingzhu regarded the rest of them with a cool air. Most of her emotions were reserved for a particular girl.

"You know her, Miss Hu Tao?" asked Bennett.

"Aw, me and everybody at the Guild go way back," Hu Tao said. Skipping up to the adventurers, she spun around to face Jaune and the others, and flourished both her hands. "Ta-da~ let me introduce you to Yingzhu, Linyang, and Honglang. They're some of the Guild's most reliable members, and they've even taken a few jobs from me over the years."

Past her shoulder, Jaune watched the uncomfortable fidgeting among the adventurers, and the scowl that passed by on Yingzhu's countenance. Whatever friendship Hu Tao thought existed between them appeared a one-sided sentiment.

Stray musings of how many coffins Hu Tao had made for this group of people to sour them on her did cross his mind, but he found that he wasn't in quite the right mood to find it funny. Odd was different from unpleasant, though perhaps that was his bias talking.

Yingzhu scoffed, and rolled her eyes. "Yeah, that's us. Now would you mind telling me what you're doing here? There aren't any bodies for you to bury. We already checked."

"Hey!" Hu Tao giggled, a hand raised to cover her mouth. "Don't say it like I'm a workaholic. I take time off, I do!"

The other woman's scowl deepened.

"Look…"

That tone rang in Jaune's ear, loud and clear. He had been on the receiving end of it from Lisa, from his mother, from various sisters, from Glynda Goodwitch, from… a lot of people. It never spelled anything good. To head off the imminent outburst, he cut into the conversation.

"Hu Tao, you're familiar with the locals, right?" he asked, and received an innocent nod from the girl.

"I drop by to play on the Yaoguang Shoal, sometimes," she explained. "You should see it at night, it's pretty. And of course, as a rare source of gossip on the happenings around Liyue Harbor, I tend to get invited over for tea while I'm in town. I have a few clients out this way, too—three coffins sold in the last year alone," Hu Tao said with a fair amount of pride.

"...Neat." It had been so nice and wholesome until that last part. "Then, how about you go talk to them for me? Just to ask if they noticed any odd details the night of the collapse, and look for things that seem unimportant they may not have thought to mention. I'll have a chat with these guys, and compare it with what you find out later. You can catch up with them afterward. What do you think?"

Hu Tao mulled on the suggestion, tapping her chin. "We~ell, I do want to check on a couple acquaintances of mine that haven't sent me letters yet. It wouldn't be a bother, would it?" she asked to make sure.

It was Fischl who answered. "Worry not, my dear. For I, Fischl, the Monstadt Guild's top investigator, shall be present in your stead to shed light upon this mystery."

"Up-and-coming, Mein Fräulein," Oz reminded. "Katheryne spoke no more than that."

Ignoring her familiar with steadfast resolve, Fischl finished her declaration by striking a pose with a hand over her eyepatch, the other pointing forward and slightly up. One of the adventurers from the Liyue branch, the sole man of the group, followed her hand to stare out to the empty sea, lost on what was happening. It got a laugh from Hu Tao.

"In that case, I'll leave things in our detective's capable hands. Be back soon!"

With that, the young woman headed down from the overlook. In her wake, Jaune heard a collective sigh from Liyue's adventuring team that raised his hackles.

"Thank you ever so much for getting rid of that weirdo," Yingzhu said once Hu Tao was out of earshot.

He held back the retort on his tongue; this was a time to play nice.

"Whatever," he said curtly.

"Let us not tarry," Fischl advised, taking the lead. "The good mistress of the harbor chapter proclaimed thou the vanguard of this crusade. Sing now to us, that we may herald an end to the malediction."

A cold wind blew through the area.

"Uhhh… What did you just say?" asked the male adventurer, whose name had already slipped Jaune's mind.

"The head of the Liyue branch, Lan," said Oz, the raven taking the confusion in stride, "has sent us to assist in determining a cause for the incident so please share your findings, is what she means."

Yingzhu grumbled, "You could have just led with that."

"Do forgive my ways," Fischl said. "As royalty, one must adhere to proper grace. Mind it not and carry on, as I shall endeavor to provide clarity."

The faces of the people looking at her suggested that she could stand to endeavor a little harder. Nevertheless, the Liyue adventurers pressed on, motioning for Jaune and the others to gather around the nearby table on which they had collated the maps and sheets of notes that was their work for the past few days.

The bulk of their investigation focused on the vicinity of the fishing village, moving outward since yesterday. At least one of them could draw, the provided sketches relaying a simple story. As far as the adventuring team could tell, a good chunk of the land had been pulled below the sea not by tide or by sand erosion, but more along the line of a sinkhole with the ground beneath the land having turned hollow over the course of an as yet unknown time frame. Crumbling sand and a high tide in the aftermath rendered the area a treacherous pit where one might slip past their neck into the earth. Signs pointed to the sinkhole following a diagonal direction, leading out to the ocean.

"A detail most curious, and enlightening," Fischl said once the Liyue adventurers explained their proof for that conclusion. She paced back and forth, hand holding her chin. "A subtle hand hides where none may tread, weaving its machinations with an industry that Snezhnaya itself can scarcely match."

"Mein Fräulein means to say…" Oz began to explain.

"That it happened under the bedrocks?" Jaune chipped in, a picture forming now that someone had guided him partway there. He leaned on the edge of the table, his back to it. "The underground space runs on an angle, meaning the shallows just outside the village wouldn't have held if the hole was too close to the sand layer up top. Whatever that triggered the collapse was being oddly professional about it."

He shared a look with the others in his party, a sense of anticipation fluttering in his chest. By now, he had brought them all onto the same page that he was looking for a yaksha. Fischl's observations strengthened the chance of his target being the one responsible for the incident, rather than a simple issue of nature taking its course. It narrowed the search down to a very small section of the coast, if the theory panned out.

Fischl gave him a big smile. "Verily, thou grasped the heart of the matter. Of course, one mystery gives rise to the next, and the question must still burn within thine mind: wherefore dost our journey proceed from here?"

"Basically, yeah," Jaune said, nodding. "Whatever did this is out on the water. Could be right by us, could be half an ocean away." And as much as the pirate's life appealed to him, he was working on a timetable.

Fischl's smile changed to (a fair attempt at) a confident smirk. "Hmph!" The girl flipped her hair dramatically. " Be assured that I, the Prinzessin der Verurteilung, have ruminated of the myriad pathways on the tapestry of fate, and—"

"Excuse me," a voice interrupted Fischl, and Jaune twisted in place to see Yingzhu on the other side of the table with a hand raised, on her face a frown. She made sure that she had Fischl's attention before taking a deep breath. Her other hand came up to pinch the bridge of her nose. "Sorry to cut you off when you're making good points, but… it'd really help if you would speak normally."

That took Fischl aback.

"Huh? I mean—Pardon?"

Yingzhu waved over her shoulder at the palace floating in the sky that was little beyond a dot at this distance. "It's just, I've met Ningguang. Real hoity-toity people don't act like you do, and it only makes you sound like you're not taking this with any seriousness."

Fischl flushed red. "N-No, that's not true!"

"See, now that's normal." The woman pointed with a finger, brightening up. "It's easy to understand and we don't waste time waiting for the bird or him to translate." The finger diverted to Jaune. "Stick to that, alright? You can play later."

Jaune opened his mouth but Bennett got there first, moving to stand by Fischl.

"You've got it wrong, miss," the younger boy said. "She isn't joking around."

The male adventurer butted in. "Kid, you can't tell me that's how she talks. It isn't how anybody talks."

"It is, if you came from the Immernachtreich," Bennett insisted, his usual carefree air giving way to a hard stare.

"The what?"

"Forget it, Honglang, they're from Mondstadt," Yingzhu said, growing from annoyed to full-blown irate as she snapped her gaze from Fischl to Bennett to Jaune, a realization dawning in her eyes. "I should have known that it wasn't Lan's idea to send a second team."

Bennett piped up, "What's that supposed to mean?"

"That there's a pattern. The nonsense that comes from that city is mindboggling."

The last of the Liyue adventurers, content to have taken a backseat to the discussion, tapped Yingzhu on the shoulder and said quietly, "Yingzhu, maybe just let it go? I get it, but you're arguing with kids."

"They—"

A piercing whistle rang out, bringing the incessant sniping to a halt. Jaune held the note for a little longer, to ensure nobody would immediately try to start up the arguments again.

"Bennett and Fischl are adventurers," he corrected that last point. He turned to lean over the table, planting his hands on its surface while looking from face to face. When Yingzhu went to reply, he glared at her and curled one hand into a fist. It drew a clear line as to which side of the dispute he stood on.

He probably should be the one making peace here, but eh, screw it.

Fischl had a way of speaking that was sometimes difficult to parse, he'd admit to the truth of that. Except, he could still understand her. The general thrust, at least. This feat demanded no great intellect or skill.

The one requirement was that a person gave an honest attempt at listening when she spoke. Listening, instead of using the time to formulate a response.

"We have too many people," he said. "None of us are getting time to think. Bennett?"

Bennett pointed at himself. "Me?"

"Yes, you. The guards down there are gearing up for some reason, I'm guessing to hunt monsters. Go and pitch in for me."

The clear reluctance in his demeanor told Jaune that Bennett wanted to do anything but leave. The other boy kept flicking his gaze toward Fischl, whose confidence had long since fled.

Bennett said, almost in a whine, "But boss, they're gonna gang up on Fischl."

And the boy couldn't let that fly, as no good teammates would.

"I've got her," Jaune assured him. "Come on, go. You'll do good there, I know it."

"...Yes, boss."

As Bennett passed behind him, Jaune turned back to the people on the other side of the table. He cocked an eyebrow, the message conveyed loud and clear. He sent one of his away first. Don't complain.

They got the point. After a small fight among themselves, Yingzhu stormed off on the excuse of scouting. The quiet that settled in her wake was uncomfortable, leaving a bad taste in everyone's mouths, but it lacked the biting air of hostility.

The remaining female adventurer broke the silence.

"She means well," she said with a weak laugh.

"I suppose so," Jaune said in as diplomatic a manner as he could. Then, he bluntly asked, "Are you going to have a problem working with Fischl?" He nodded at the girl in question, who fidgeted while looking down at the table. The hunch to her shoulders made her appear smaller, less noticeable. The universal defensive response for those prone to shyness.

A nudge got her to look at him and he showed her an encouraging smile, eventually receiving a tiny one in return.

Meanwhile, the Liyue adventurers thought over his question, and then thought about it some more. In the end, the male adventurer groaned.

"I don't exactly have a problem, but… You have to understand, you showed up with a bunch of kids and Hu Tao. It doesn't exactly bolster confidence."

"We have Zhongli, too." Even if he hasn't done much, Jaune thought darkly, glancing at the man standing apart from the meeting. With hands clasped behind his back, Zhongli stared out to sea. The coattails of his suit jacket fluttered in the breeze.

The male adventurer was about to respond, but stopped to ponder on that.

"True. That does change things."

"It does?" Jaune recovered, wiping the gawking look off his face. "I mean, you see? We're taking this seriously." He hooked an arm around Fischl, lightly rocking her. "Fischl, what was your idea earlier?"

She glanced up at him. Looked down again.

"Well, um, the notes here"—she snatched up a sheet of paper—"refer to damages along the coast."

Jaune took the sheet, and checked the map on the table. To make it easier for him, the female adventurer tapped on a series of circles drawn onto the parchment.

"The connection is pretty weak," the woman admitted. "Rocks that broke off of the cliffs, weird dips in the beach sand, things like that. We think it's related due to the presence of the same monster types, but there wasn't anything special about these areas when we poked around. Just trees and grass."

"Turn your eyes yonder, as the gentleman does," said Fischl, indicating Zhongli. She took a deep breath to steady herself, and straightened up. "Oz, my dearest vassal, take flight to the islands that you could see, and return with news for me."

"At once, Mein Fräulein."

Oz shot off into the sky. Jaune followed his progress for a little while, before turning back to Fischl.

"What are you looking for?" he asked.

"A second data point," Fischl answered. "With one, we have an enigma. Two, and we have a map."

To narrow the search area, Jaune realized. With the available information, the best they could determine was that the source originated from the sea. The big, wide sea that would take a lifetime to comb over. However, if they managed to add another point from the other side, on one of the islands dotting the coast, it would at a minimum establish a boundary. At best, they might pinpoint the location of their goal.

Using angles and stuff. Math, and one of its derivative sorceries. He wasn't very knowledgeable about the specifics.

Nevertheless, he had one thing to say to that. "Good job, Fischl!"

The compliment pushed Fischl right back to fidgeting. This time, she bounced on her heels and wore a happy expression as she did so.

While waiting for Oz, Jaune passed the time discussing with the adventurers from Liyue about the monsters that have been popping up lately in the region. The adventurers theorized that they were an evolution of the Hydro (water), or perhaps Geo (Rock), slimes and nobody could say for definite if they were a byproduct or the cause of the sinkhole here.

Before long, he got a firsthand look at them. As villagers panicked and guards formed a defensive line, a pack of slimes made their appearance at the perimeter of the village. In all honesty, they didn't do a very good job at mimicking a ravening horde, looking like scoops of chocolate ice cream.

Bennett stood at the forefront of the defenders, and to nobody's surprise, he charged headlong toward the slimes. The guards saw it as bravery, and followed on his heels.

None of them would get the honor of the first blow.

"Open the gates of annihilation.

"Burst forth, the hounds of discord."

Poised at the top of the overlook, Fischl pulled back on her bow. Electricity crackled around the tip of the arrow.

"The Immernachtreich welcomes all,

"In the quiet slumber of a moonless sky.

"Erdbeerkuchen!"

A slime blasted to smithereens marked the first casualty of the battle. In that moment, Fischl resembled nothing so much as a warrior, and the Liyue adventurers were forced to confront the fact that a so-called kid was stronger than them.

"Is it me, or does that magic spell sound different from the last time?" Jaune asked.

Fischl averted her eyes. "'Twas surely your imagination."

The last doubts about Fischl's capability were dispelled when Oz returned good news. A slew of calculations later with lines drawn on the map, and they had a likely location for the source of the incident, smack dab in the middle of the water off the shore. As to how they would get there, Jaune provided a plan.

"Since we now have confirmation of multiple entry points, we can afford to be less careful about breaking into one," he said.

Behind his back, he held a scroll. The screen glinted in the sunlight.

"So, my friend told me about this neat thing called dynamite…"


Author's Notes: (⩌_⩌) (⩌_⩌) (⩌_x) (°ヮ°) (*ᗜ*)
Last edited: Aug 16, 2026
Stories:
QQ Sneaking His Way into the Multiverse , a RWBY Jaune, WC-lite mechanics story.
Other RWBY stories on AO3 or FF - Yakuza Arc | Conquered Menagerie: Annals of the Sixth Kingdom | Cat, Bunny, and the Good Ship Honey Starbright | The Agent
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:m213, Amdiranifani, WinterPhoenix and 354 others
LazyAutumnMoon
Dec 27, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 64: Down Where It's Wetter (Pt. 2)
View content
LazyAutumnMoon
LazyAutumnMoon
We all need Sundancer in our life.
JoinedJun 7, 2024
Messages289
Likes received68,284
Jan 1, 2026
Add bookmark
#5,133
Chapter 64: Down Where It's Wetter (Pt. 2)​


As with many of Jaune's ideas, it was undoubtedly a great one. Plentiful and cheap, the humble dynamite packed a big punch for its size if one were to believe Lisa Wilbourn. The underrated star of demolition work.

How big? Jaune must admit to a fair amount of uncertainty on that front. Naturally therefore, he adhered to the meticulous nature for which he was famed and erred on the side of caution. A delicate touch, for a delicate task. Like pruning a flower bouquet.

KABOOOOM!

Or more like, he stuffed the ground full of dynamite, really packing it deep and dense in holes all over the area, then set off the lot from a distance, come what may.

"I think it's slightly possible—maybe, perhaps—that I used too much dynamite," he said in a rare moment of epiphany, leaning on a shovel with its blade planted in the ground next to him as he watched dirt and other debris shoot high in the air. A flock of seagulls happened to be flying by, and found themselves in a sudden aerial battle against the planet. The ground quaked and plumes of smoke covered the sky, while monsters of all stripes raced through the tall grass to get away from the eruption.

"Psssh, no such thing," Hu Tao assured him, holding her own shovel. She wore a satisfied look, a healthy glow to her skin. Her experience with gravedigging had delivered a real boon in saving Jaune time. 10/10, would hire again.

Her eagerness to see fireworks, in hindsight, helped a fair bit less and bore at least half the responsibility for the situation getting out of hand, what with her egging him on.

On his other side, a stiff-faced Bennett muttered, "I know someone who might want to meet you, boss." Fischl nodded numbly along with the boy.

No idea what that was about.

After the smoke dissipated, they observed the result.

"How about that?" Jaune said. "It hasn't broken through. I guess we'll have to—"

With both hands, Hu Tao lifted her shovel over her head. An expression of glee framed her face. "Keep going?"

"You read my mind."

Soon after, another explosion rocked the land.

For whatever reason, immediately following the creation of a hole in the ground a lightning bolt tried to smote Jaune where he stood. Too bad for it, he had already darted inside the opening he made.

Four other intrepid souls descended after him into the darkness.

Until they turned on their lanterns and in Jaune's case his scroll, of course. Rule number one of spelunking for treasure and similar relics, no cave exploration without a light. That sort of mistake was how brave, handsome adventurers ran into giant scorpion monsters.


-o-​


Teams were… important.

If man was meant to fight alone, then they as a species would be bigger. Better. Faster. Stronger. They would have matured from children into absolute killing machines, to the point that no Grimm could ever stand in a person's way.

But no, man was weak and needed help. Only by banding together did they survive, and history testified to the wonders that could be accomplished by people when they threw their pitiful lot in with one another. With comrades at their side, and more to cover their back, man went on to carve out a place in this bloody, savage world.

"Bennett, watch where you're swinging that thing!"

"Yes, boss!"

Kick. Punch. Slash.

"Boss, you're boxing me in!"

"Whoops, sorry."

Stab, stab, stab.

"Here I have a match. And now, FIRE!"

"Ahhhh!"

"Dammit, Hu Tao!"

Yep. Teams were the best.

Shouting a cry, Jaune slammed his blade home within the last enemy, a slime like all the others they had encountered thus far. The strong blow popped it like a balloon to scatter pieces of it every which way, spelling its end. With that, peace returned to the area, allowing him a reprieve to prop a hand against the wall and catch his breath.

As he rested, his gaze panned across the glorious battlefield to take in the sight of a slightly singed Bennett covered in dead slime residue and Hu Tao slumped facedown on the floor with her rear pointed up, her hat askew.

"You know," he said. "I think that went pretty well. Nice work, everybody, we did it!"

Bennett and Hu Tao voiced out cheers.

Three frontline fighters… probably did not make for the optimal team composition when it came to the cramped quarters of a tunnel. No pointing fingers, but one of them was prone to setting her surroundings on fire to boot. Aura saved them from mistakes on an embarrassing number of occasions.

The important thing to remember was that they were alive and kicking at the end of it. Clearly, teamwork had proven its worth.

Further back, Fischl unnocked her arrow. A warrior, but also a worrier, she had refrained from firing a shot this whole time for fear of hitting an ally, and his advice that she just 'let loose' failed to change the attitude. She didn't seem all that sad at this lack of opportunity, however, likely having to do with the pristine state of her dainty dress as compared to their clothes following the skirmishes. Oz alighted on her shoulder now that he saw it wouldn't get in her way.

Only Zhongli enjoyed an easier time than the pair of girl and bird. Like a man out for a morning walk, he brought up the rear at a leisurely pace. Yet to lift a finger, his cave-delving experience differed greatly from the rest of them, with his fitted suit impeccable. The man's reason, whenever asked, remained an infuriating, and flattering, "I trust you to succeed."

Jaune shook out his poncho to get rid of the slime residue. Mud, if he wanted to be blunt about it. He had traded his jacket for the water- and stain-proof poncho pretty quick after learning that fact firsthand.

Mud surrounded them, forming the passage in which they traveled. It dripped from above, oozed along the walls, and pooled at their feet. The twisting path created by it followed no rhyme or reason, going down and up and left and right to build a slippery obstacle course that at times threatened to send a person flat on their rear with a misstep. Cold followed their every step.

And throughout the entire journey, one sound remained everpresent.

Squelch. Squelch. Squelch. Squelch.

"Deep puddle."

"Aiya, it almost got me. Thanks for the warning."

Squelch. Squelch. Squelch. Squelch.

The warning didn't actually matter at all beyond common courtesy. The mud got everywhere.

Yet, life was about looking for the positive side, and Jaune's giddy laughter rang out in the tunnel as he signaled the group to halt. His scroll's flashlight beamed at a section of the nearby wall. Within the muck, gold shone through. He plunged a gloved hand into the wall, pulling out a fistful of coins.

"I can't believe how much stuff is in this place!" he gushed, vanishing the coins into his Pocket before going back for more—divvying them up was a task for later. "Mora, Mora, gem, Mora, helmet, Mora, a live salmon?" He tilted his head, looking bemusedly at the flopping fish for a few seconds before tossing it over his shoulder to carry on. "Mora, Mora, aha!"

The latest bout of rummaging earned him an honest-to-goodness spear, seemingly preserved in a perfect state by the mud. Sure, it didn't look all that special except for the intertwining dragon motif, but the blade cut razor sharp and the strangely light weight to it could suit Lisa were she so inclined. He popped the weapon into his dimensional space to check over at a better time.

At this rate, he'd have to upgrade the Pocket to the next tier before the day was done.

In fact…


Ding!
[Skill] purchased.
Point balance: 58,860 - 10,000 = 48,860


[Dimensional Pockets Lv.2]
You have deeper pockets. Heck, you could fit a family of bodies in there!
p.s. At Level 2, the available inventory space measures 3m by 3m by 9m—or about 9ft by 9ft by 29ft for bizarro worlds deprived of the metric system.
p.p.s. Time does not move within the inventory space.
p.p.p.s. Ignore line. Still reserved for future patches. Any day now.


Lisa would allow the purchase if she was here, he believed. They had discussed the need to acquire it for the future, at least, and the ability paid for itself many times over thus far. A reshuffle of priorities shouldn't divert from their plans in any significant fashion.

A small pang of worry grew that he might be predicting her reaction wrong, but he shoved it aside. He'd just have to mark the purchase down as coming from his private share of the Points. No problem, no problem.

He stowed away his scroll as Zhongli walked up to the wall. The man leaned forward with chin in hand, and he plucked a coin from the mud, turning it end over end to study the markings.

After a time, there came a remark.

"My word, what a thing to find."

Jaune's ears pricked up, and he sidled closer. "Hm? What is it?"

"Many treasures of the land have been lost to the sea across the millennia, and this is proof." Zhongli's voice took on the lecturing tone of a professor. "There are some who extol Mora as a perfect, unchanging object. Those that see further than gold regard it as a catalyst, an instrument capable of becoming anything."

"I think I've heard that before," Jaune said, nodding slowly. "How does it go… Lien, ah, Mora can be an egg for breakfast, a newspaper to read over lunch, and a ride to the other side of town to grab dinner, or something."

"An apt enough description, although you might be surprised at what else it can turn into." The coin stopped flipping, with Zhongli's thumb underscoring a tiny squiggle in the etching. "Even then, what everyone tends to miss is that it also serves as a calendar. The design does not stay static. The details shift over the course of centuries. Put them side by side, and you may notice the central imprint is moving. Based on that common pattern, this coin is very old, indeed. If it is as I suspect and the structure we currently occupy was raised from the ocean floor, we may well discover more history from a variety of eras along the way."

"Weapons?" Jaune asked with a sidelong glance. "Magical relics? Glowy potions that give amazing effects? Weapons?"

Zhongli offered a mysterious little smile. "Shall we find out?"

Movements in his periphery attracted Jaune's attention. He turned that way to spy shapes in the darkness bouncing closer. Slimes, again. Standing between him and loot, though they know it not.

Baring his teeth, Jaune said, "Let's."

He charged toward the creatures, with the sound of splashing mud behind him indicating his allies following suit. Too dumb for higher thoughts (the slimes, not his allies), they met him head on.

Unlike his first fight today against these things, he refrained from speeding up to simply blast through their soft bodies with his momentum. Down that path lay hours of laundry cycles and undoubtedly a clogged drain pipe that he'd have to clear, with Lisa snickering in the background. Instead, the first slime got chopped in half by Crocea Mors without even a chance to go out in a blaze of glory, its death a sad pffft as the outer jelly-like membrane burst open to spill the mud within.

How wet dirt could give rise to life was beyond him.

Footsteps closed in behind him. Instinct screamed, and he ducked his head just as Bennett's sword sliced through the space it used to occupy to end the life of another slime. The blade had barely passed when he sprang up to stab a third enemy, a hand over his face to protect from the splash.

"Here I have a match—"

He spun on his heels, his arms waving and sweat breaking out on his brow. "Me and him have it handled, no need for that!"

And no, making a sad face wouldn't change his mind.

His open back presented too tempting a target, and a slime launched itself intending to bodyslam him, only to get shoulder-checked by Bennett. Jaune leapfrogged over the other boy to stomp down with both feet on the slime. His sword reappeared, and he whacked one of its compatriots into the wall. An ill-advised roundhouse kick at another foe splattered filth all over his leg.

His sword swung back, the crossguard tapping against that of Bennett's.

"Thanks for covering me."

"No problem."

Their shields rose up to block streams of mud spat out with the strength of pressure hoses, Bennett a split second behind due to copying him. They advanced together in formation, maintaining a steady guard until they felt the attack weaken. Then, it was open season as they rushed forward to dive within the enemy's midst. One, two, three, four, the slimes fell in quick succession to bring the fight to a close.

Or so he mistakenly assumed. One last slime had stuck to the shadows, and upon watching him de-summon his sword sensed its moment to strike, leaping for him with its beady eyes locked on his throat.

He grabbed it out of the air with little fanfare. "And what were you going to do? You have no teeth to bite me."

The slime wriggled in his grip. The outer membrane of the creature had a strange texture, sticky and not quite liquid.

"Seriously, what even are you?" he asked, holding it up for a closer look.

Sniff, sniff. Blegh.

"Condensed elemental energy," Zhongli provided, walking over along with Hu Tao. "Slimes come into being where great power dwells. The Five Yakshas certainly qualify, given their mastery of the elements." He peered at the creature with interest. "Of them, Bonanus possessed an affinity for Hydro, while Menogias held some measure control of Geo. To which do you belong, little slime?" he pondered.

"But this is mud," Bennett noted, his white-blond hair caked in the stuff. His shirt and shorts hadn't fared better after the repeated fights. "Even when Hydro and Geo slimes show up in the same place, they don't mix. They're still their own thing. Today's the first day I've ever seen these guys."

Zhongli nodded. "To have a touch of each element is to not be wholly of either. Impure, in a sense. Such a novel development signals… change, for the future of Liyue and further beyond."

"Uh-huh, that's very interesting, please tell me more," Jaune said absentmindedly, having tuned out the discussion in lieu of squishing the slime's round body with his hands and enjoying the sensation. "They're kind of adorable up close, don't you think? Almost made me wish I didn't have to fight them."

The slime spat a glob of mud into his face.

"I take that back."

Winding up his foot, he dropped the slime and gave it a swift punt. It sailed down the passageway to go splat. And that was that.

The party spared a few minutes after the fight to search the area. The slimes traveled the tunnel, and their body collected detritus in the process. Trash, mostly, but also Mora, fragments of a crystalline gem that shone with an inner glow, pretty seashells. Good stuff for a minute's work, and Jaune pocketed them all. (The seashells garnered an interested party in Hu Tao, as she was collecting them.)

Further along, he discovered a new aspect to the tunnel. What he assumed would allow a straight shot to his goal turned out to be maze, because a choice laid before him now.

"A fork in the road," he contemplated, looking at the two offshoots headed in completely opposite directions. The beam of his flashlight traveled down one, then the other. Both times, the light reached the limit of its range without revealing a hint of anything to decide their course.

"Boss!" Bennett shook him by the arm. "Boss, I think this is a proper Domain!" He caught the blank incomprehension on Jaune's face. "Oh yeah, I forgot you were from another world. A Domain… they're lost places that sometimes resurface. You never know what you'll find in them, it's an adventurer's dream!"

Now, that was heartening to hear. Professor (despite being in another universe, Jaune braced for a correction) Oobleck did so love to wax on about 'discoveries for the ages' waiting in ancient temples and jungle cities dotting the surface of Remnant, where danger went hand in hand with riches.

Heartbeat rising, he addressed their best navigator, "Fischl, what have you got for us?"

Fischl rummaged in her pack, retrieving a map that she unfurled to study. The map turned and turned, aligning the markings she had added to the parchment with their estimated location.

"The center which my forbidden eye hath divined lies due north. Thus, the left entrance should see us forward."

She looked pretty proud of that one, bouncing on her heels in expectation. Jaune gave a dutiful laugh, to her delight.

As if to mock them, the next fork had four paths. All of them led north.

"Soooo," Jaune began.

"Wait, I'm on it—I mean, spare me but a moment!" Fischl said, curtsying with grace before scrambling in a hurry for her map. She scrutinized it in hope of an answer, but soon gave up and focused on the tunnels. "Perhaps the humidity of the air would hold a clue… no, that's dumb… These kinds of puzzles usually have a hint in the room…" She cast her eyes around the area. Mud, mud, and—surprise!—mud greeted her, and her shoulders slumped. "Nevermind," she said in a small voice.

"A good try, milady," said Oz. He nipped at a stray lock of her hair, moving it back in place.

Chiming in his support, Jaune said, "Hey, don't get so down. We don't always have a logical solution. In times like this, we should go with our instinct. And you know…" He turned to the rest of the party, meeting their confident nods. They were all on the same page. "I think we have an idea of which direction is best."

He pointed at the leftmost path, Hu Tao the one next to it. Bennett had the rightmost. Zhongli went over to stand by the last tunnel, crossing his arms and leveling a steady gaze at them as if to say he would brook no argument.

A beat of silence passed.

"No, guys, you don't understand!" exclaimed Bennett. "I can smell treasure down this way!"

"You liar," Jaune said. "You told me your buddy is the one who was part wolf. The left passage is always the correct one."

Hu Tao planted her hands on her hips. "Says who?"

Those choose-your-own-adventure books he read as a kid. Which, now that he thought about it, might have been published by people that never once traveled beyond the city walls. Too late to take it back, he had to stick to his guns.

"It's basic psychology," he argued. "Everyone wants to be 'right', so the tricky person would make the right choice 'left'."

Bennett scratched his head. "Your left, or their left?"

Jaune paused. "Say that again?"

"Uh." The other boy furrowed his brow, working through his train of thought. "Because if you think about it, the center of this Domain would be the origin, right? The entrance we used is added on later." True, it was brand new. Made that very morning, in fact. "That means whoever built the Domain is looking at things from the opposite direction from us. Does that make sense?"

"Make sense?" Jaune echoed, shaking his head. "Bennett, you're a genius. We have to switch it around!"

Straight away, he moved over to the rightmost passage. Meanwhile, Bennett scurried to the left one. They then stopped in their tracks and stared at each other, question marks practically popping up above their heads.

"Why are you changing your mind?"

"I realized halfway through explaining that I was looking for the right tunnel, which is the left from this side," Bennett admitted.

Zhongli brought a hand up to massage his temples. They ignored him.

"Okay, look," Hu Tao intervened. "Since we each have a different idea, why don't we just make it simple and split up for a minute?"

Jaune shot that ridiculous notion down forthwith. "Uh, no. Doing that is how you die. The party needs to stick together… while I head down this way on my own."

Because, clearly, he could handle himself and wouldn't end up like horror movie characters.

Nobody agreed with him, thereby showing how much they trusted his leadership.

"*whisper*...Escha would have gone along with it… Nora, Ren, maybe Pyrrha… Lisa, too… Grumble, grumble, grumble…*whisper*"

It took them ten minutes and another round of arguments to finally decide on a corridor.

From there, they pressed ever onward through the many twists and turns. Sometimes their choices paid off, sometimes they didn't.

The layout of the 'Domain' adhered to no set design, looping on itself in several instances or culminating in dead-ends to force them to double back. Between four fighters, battles fought along the way saw the party enriching their pockets with little resistance, it becoming a game for them as to whose defeated foes yielded the most reward, all to stave off the rising monotony of a world filled with mud, mud, mud. Wall treasure remained a rare and elusive treat beyond the mundane Mora, not often enjoyed although always leading to much rejoicing.

One thing they recognized, the Domain was building up bigger and bigger as they moved deep under the ocean. An hour on, and the tunnels had grown more firm, with sharp angles and corners where there were once only curving lines. Structure began to assert over the slapdash construction.

It also started to get… weird. Blank stretches of the walls surrendered to messy, slanted engravings, like murals but covering the floor and ceiling, too. Formed of the same substance as everything here, the details were blurred by the soft muck to prevent them from deciphering their meaning, though that did not stop Fischl from the attempt—she seemed to have an interest in this stuff, from what Jaune could tell.

The ludicrous scale of the place truly hit home beyond that point, with the tunnels opening up so they could have sent ten people marching abreast, the ceiling above measuring two stories high.

"Did anybody have any idea at all that this was here?" Jaune asked incredulously, turning this way and that as he wandered down the passage.

"The villagers never mentioned a peep of it to me," Hu Tao said, shaking her head.

"The sea is often a mystery, and that goes for man and gods alike," Zhongli added from further back. The man had knelt down to study the muddy inscriptions on the floor. "They have learned that there are many things below the surface better left undisturbed."

"You're telling me…" Jaune said as he stopped by a lump set against the wall, Fischl joining him in looking closer at it. The bend here, the curve there—the lump resembled a person, albeit incomplete with most of it merged into the wall. Similar ones like it dotted the corridor. "Well now, that's odd."

He could have sworn it was moving.

At that time, Hu Tao called out to him. "Uhhh, Jaune? We have company."

Her tone carried a strange note, but he chalked it down to nerves. He turned away from the mud statue to look down the corridor.

"More slime? Nice. Get ready everybody, the score stands at—why does that slime have arms?"

Mud slimes didn't appear so adorable anymore when they had fully articulated, human-like arms. Unable to bounce with the additional weight, it dragged itself over the ground. The movements lacked finesse, as if the creature didn't quite understand how limbs function.

Jaune's sword popped into his grasp, with him ready to skewer the unholy abomination then and there.

It never reached that point. Something about the slime's condition made it unstable, because halfway to him it began to wobble. The tremors grew worse with the passing seconds, until the slime ceased to move forward and just lay on the ground. Its form oozed to melt into the floor.

Jaune glanced behind him. "That explains this thing. Are they how the Domain was built, do you think? Hundreds of thousands, or millions, of mud slimes adding on to it bit by bit?"

"'Tis would be the work of a thousand winters, and a most cruel existence, besides," Fischl murmured. The girl then pressed the back of her hand to her forehead, swooning. "Oh, what sovereign would torment their subjects so. As royalty, I declare, we must—"

A slime entered the passage from around the corner ahead, sprinting on two bare legs extending out from under its round body. They had the general shape of belonging to a well-built, middle-aged man.

Fischl's face twitched. "—kill it with fire."

"Milady meant that in the best of ways," Oz hastily added.

Jaune doubted it, since the girl had already pulled back on her bow. The arrow she fired absolutely roiled with arcs of electricity, bright to the point that it hurt to look at. It impacted the running slime and vaporized its legs from existence altogether.

"Rest in eternal slumber," Fisch kindly said afterward, dispelling her bow for a moment so she could place her hands together and bow.

"Don't you have to cast the spell?" Jaune asked as he admired the scorchmarks which attested to the power of that attack. Not bad at all.

Fischl gazed up at him, blinking. "Huh?"

"The spell? The chant that activates your magic?"

The girl seemed to experience a light bulb moment. "Oh! Um, t-that's right!" She struck a pose, one knee raised and a hand across her face—trying and failing to hide her reddening cheeks. "Darkness of the midnight, um… how did it go again?"

Seeing her looking ready to cry, Jaune patted her on the shoulder. "Forget I asked. Also, you're right."

He turned to the crowd of slimes spilling into the area. Even calling them slimes was a misnomer. The human features attached to them ranged from just arms or legs to the full torso, creating a scene from hell. The innocent image he had in his head of adorable blobs frolicking amidst the flower fields withered, replaced by a horror show and too many dangling bits.

"Kill it with fire. Hu Tao, you're up!"

The girl obliged, and with a twirl, a line of fire bisected the corridor to cut off the slimes. It failed to last long given the cold, wet mud, just enough for Hu Tao to summon her fiery butterflies that scattered among the enemy force. One by one, they exploded and set the slimes alight. Another spin of her staff, and a second wall of flames went up.

Jaune crashed through it, his frame encased in the Rathalos armor to dampen the heat. With the large space, he could afford to bring out his gunlance, a horizontal swing obliterating the slimes' front ranks. The backswing wiped out another line of them.

He had to admit, it was easier done when they were not cute.

A slime leapt high above its brethren. Human up to the neck and clothed in what looked like a suit of mud armor, it had a fist cocked back for a punch. Jaune considered shooting the monster out of the air, but thought better of it. Waste of a round aside, there were many ways to find out if the ocean dwelt on the other side of the wall, and cracking a hole in it with an explosive shell numbered at the bottom of the list. Instead, he propped the lance on his shoulder, and settled into a baseballer's stance.

"Homerun!" he shouted as the slime fell into range. The resulting swing took the creature's head off, the rest of the body flipping from the momentum to slam against the floor, breaking apart.

His allies had entered the fray in earnest by now. Bennett covered the opposite side of the passage from him. Even fighting alone, the boy did a good job at remembering that he wielded a shield in addition to his sword, although he often defaulted to using it as a weapon for punching rather than its intended purpose—they'd have to keep working on that. Fischl hung a few steps back from the melee. At that range, aim presented a nonissue to her, and she fired shot after shot with barely a pause in between to pull back the bowstring.

The arrows of light never ran out. Quite unfair in his opinion, that.

Butterflies continued to set everything on fire around him while he pressed ahead. It led to many of his foes collapsing before he reached them, the heat destabilizing the delicate balance that allowed their clumsy half-slime, half-people shapes to cling together. For all that they were bigger and meaner, and possessed thumbs, these new slimes posed less of a threat than their previous iterations. Those, at least, understood how to control their bodies.

Between them, the number of enemies dropped at a precipitous speed.

As the battle wound down, a particularly strange specimen rushed at him. For a brief instant, his mind registered that he was being attacked by a sumo wrestler. A blink of his eyes, and its appearance reconstituted as a very, very big slime with two fat legs and two fat arms, the round body positioned where a person's belly would be.

Moving to meet its charge, he shook his leg to dislodge some of the muck out of the rocket nozzles and engaged the trigger. The one-footed hop rotated him above the creature, upside-down. A sharp jab of the lance tip punctured its skin. He landed behind the sumo slime as it ran on, its inside squirting out as a stream until it deflated completely.

Jaune stood up and braced the gunlance on his shoulder, leaning slightly back to better balance it. He looked around at the amalgamations of slime and people that were losing their form, returning to the mud from which they were born. Some had the makings of statue-like faces, the melting of which disturbed him to no end.

"Seriously, what the heck is going on with this place?"


-o-​


"Silly-churl, billy-churl, silly-billy hilichurl~
"Frilly-churl, willy-churl, frilly-willy hilichurl~!"​

Jaune followed the singing voice, using it to orient himself amidst the cramped passageways. He soon emerged from the side tunnel, back in the wider main corridor.

The first person he saw was Hu Tao, dancing in the middle of the path as she sang. Mud splashed beneath her feet, but she paid it no mind. She seemed to be enjoying herself. Zhongli, meanwhile, watched over her with a calm expression. The man nodded to Jaune to acknowledge his return.

"How goes your excursion?" Zhongli asked.

Jaune replied with a helpless shrug. "There was nothing great in there. I found this vase, but that's all." He held up the item in question with one hand.

"Eeeeeee!"

The piercing squee caused him to wince. Moments later, his hand became empty, and in utter befuddlement he watched a happy Hu Tao hopping up and down while hugging the vase.

"I take it that's valuable?" he ventured a guess. "Is it an important relic of some sort?"

Hu Tao whirled toward him. "Even better than that. This, is a funerary urn."

Jaune wiped his hands on his pants.

Hu Tao stomped her foot, and held out the urn. "You don't understand! Inside it could have been anyone! Imagine what it has seen during its life, or while it was sitting on the ocean floor? How could you not get excited?"

He placed a finger on her forehead to push back her face, as it had gotten far too close, and motioned placatingly. "Hu Tao, calm down. It's not like you can talk to the urn."

She blinked at him. Once, twice.

"…You can't, right?"

Blink. Blink. Head tilt.

"You know what, have fun."

He left her to it, and for Zhongli to deal with, making his way toward the other members of the party to check on them. Bennett waved to him. The boy appeared to have hung out with Fischl all this time, leaning on the wall as the girl roamed back and forth studying the murals. Around this area, the engravings had straightened out to form a tidier design, giving the Domain the air of an ancient temple.

"What was…?" Bennett gestured behind Jaune.

Jaune shook his head. "I got her something she liked. Probably isn't going to be your thing, but ask her about it if you're curious. How was it here?"

"Good," Bennett answered. "None of those weird slimes attacked while you were gone, and the food you gave us was great. I'm still amazed at how much you can fit in your dimensional storage. For most people I know, we can only put away our weapons."

"Eh heh, yeah, it's a thing," Jaune said, averting his gaze. He had been keeping the particulars of his Pocket vague up until now, so when he bought lunch for the party from the Marketplace to eat in lieu of basic rations, nobody batted an eye.

"Other than that," Bennett continued, glancing at Fischl, "I'm just keeping Fischl company. The wall drawings have better details now, and she's trying to figure them out."

In a blink, Fischl stood in front of them. "And I did! Bennett, Jaune, come see this!"

"You are breaking character, Mein Fräulein," said Oz, perched on Fischl's shoulder. It fell on deaf ears. Fischl grabbed the two boys by their arms, and dragged them to a different section of the wall.

"Okay, the murals look like a mess, right?" she asked them. They nodded. "Right. Most of it doesn't flow. It's disjointed. But here"—she excitedly jabbed a finger above the group—"I found a repeating pattern. This one set of drawings is shown everywhere in the Domain!"

Jaune looked up at the mural, captured in a large square relatively free of unrelated clutter. The messy script flowed around the edges, only sometimes dipping into the space to mar the artwork.

It depicted a scene of five figures on a mountain peak, a great tree casting its shade over them. One stood head and shoulder above the other with his big frame, leaning on the tree. One napped on a tree branch. The rest sat on the grass at the base, in a small circle. A rectangle with little dots, a game board, lay between them.

"The five yakshas, lounging in peaceful respite," explained Fischl. "Unaware of the turning wheel of misfortune, and the dark future foretold. Alas, had my journey through the many centuries of my immortal life placed me there at that point in time, I would have lent them the full might of the Immernachtreich so that they may rebel against the uncaring design of the heavens."

"Milady wishes she could have done something for them, and she is also spoiling the story."

"Oz! I am not!" Fischl cried.

Eager to skirt over the accusation, she tugged on Jaune's poncho to get him to move on. The next mural, the mountain had vanished. A circle hung above two figures that had the vague features of people, somewhat smudged by the medium on which they are carved. An oscillating line underscored the scene, located near the bottom edge.

"Ahem. Here, beneath the sun, or possibly the moon… or a cloud, two yakshas met in the sky. The ancient language shrouded their identities, but we know their names as spoken by the erstwhile historian Zhongli—Bonanus and Menogias."

"What's this thing here?" Bennett asked. "These squiggles."

"Some mysteries lie beyond the distance."

Jaune parsed the statement, and nodded. Fair enough.

The next mural also included the squiggles, and the next one, too. Always, above the two figures. An object of worship?

From scene to scene, the two figures clashed. Sword-like objects flew from the first figure, the second figure retaliating with warped, twisting projectiles. They seemed evenly matched, an estimation soon proven.

"They were taken out at the same time, huh?" he said, pausing for a moment. "Then, this next scene… One of them fell. What's the line here?"

"I do believe it is the ocean." Fischl pointed at the scene after that, which depicted the line—the ocean waves—higher on the mural. In it, the second figure had dived into the water after the first.

The surface of the ocean rose higher and higher, and higher still. Soon, the entire mural took place beneath the sea. Yet, the distance between the two figures grew further apart, until the first figure sank into the depths, fading from view to leave the second alone.

"The second yaksha wasn't going in for the kill," Jaune realized.

"I think they came back to themselves. From the madness," Fischl said in a somber voice. "They wanted to save the other person, but… they couldn't find them, because the sea is too big. And here." She led him and Bennett to the next mural. "This circle, instead of swimming up for air, they made a barrier to keep out the water."

Except the water began to fill up inside the barrier, with the figure trapped within.

The last mural showed a blank stretch of wall, missing even the ever-present squiggly lines. Then, it rewound to a scene of five figures on a mountain peak, a great tree casting its shade over them, letting the entire series of events play out again.

"So ends the story of Bonanus and Menogias," a voice murmured.

Jaune turned to see that Zhongli had arrived at some unknown point. The man studied the murals with a distant air, lips pursed.

"Maybe not quite yet," Jaune said. "One of them had to have survived, otherwise the barrier wouldn't have expanded into this Domain. Both of them, if the elements of Hydro and Geo can't properly mix as you mentioned."

The other man did not answer, his attention on the scene of the Five Yakshas. The lull grew to the point it became apparent that the conversation wasn't going to continue. Jaune and the others shared a look, and shrugged their shoulders.

"Heeeey! All of you, come look at this!" Hu Tao called from the exit to the chamber up ahead. In her arms, she hugged her funerary urn.

The whimsical girl truly was a quick one, wasn't she? Always here, there, everywhere. Her chipper attitude broke their solemn mood, something Jaune silently thanked her for.

With a last look at the tale of Bonanus and Menogias, he padded after her along with the rest of the group, to her impatient urging. They entered the passage to find Hu Tao now further down the hall, and they joined her in peeking around the corner, heads stacking one by one atop each other.

Except for Zhongli, who deigned to observe their antics rather than play along.

It didn't take long for Jaune to spot what had Hu Tao so thrilled.

"Is that…?" he asked, his eyes widening.

"It is!" Hu Tao confirmed.

Halfway down the passageway, sat a treasure chest.

Secret tunnel. Ancient ruins. Money in the walls. Now, a treasure chest. This place was turning out amazing~!

Not only him and Hu Tao, Bennett and Fischl also ran to the cache. They jostled for position, crowding around it with Oz flying above trying to get a peek.

"I knew it," said Bennett. "I just knew we'd find a treasure chest. Domains are the best!"

The container rested at the center of the path. Smooth, polished wooden planks fitted together without a single flaw or crack, dry as a whistle. Metal bands secured the construction. There was a lock, but before Jaune could worry, Hu Tao unclasped the latch—it was unlocked. Too easy.

Hu Tao looked over her shoulder at him and the others. At their nods, she grinned and turned back to the chest, placing her hands on either side of the lid.

"Okay! Let's see what weahhh! Ahhhh!"

"Ssaaaa!"

That sound smashed through the fog of time and memory to root itself in Jaune's brain. As Hu Tao's entire upper half was slurped inside the treasure chest to leave her legs kicking up and down, one of his eyes developed a twitch. A name sprang to his lips.

"MIMIC!" he shouted, summoning his sword.

A tentacle whipped at him, which was new. This mimic was not the warrior poet of yore, he of the spindly limbs and creepy brawler moves. No arms, no legs, it brought a hundred sinewy ropes of flesh to the fight to serve as both limbs and weapons.

Jaune dodged the attack and rammed his sword into the lid of the mimic, burying the blade deep.

"Eeeek!"

Whoops, he almost ended Hu Tao.

"What was that just now!?" Hu Tao's butt wiggled, giving the impression that it had done the talking.

A tug on his sword couldn't dislodge the blade. Something had a tight grip on it from within the chest.

"Why are there so many tentacles? Heeeeelp!" Hu Tao cried.

Okay, probably that. He shoved the sword into his Pocket instead, summoning it back a split second later. A tentacle whacked him in that moment of vulnerability, knocking him away.

Capitalizing on what it thought was weakness, the mimic launched another feeler at him, but Zhongli was suddenly there with his spear to pin it down. The man pulled to tear off the tentacle and spun the polearm to divert the next blow, giving Jaune the opening to rush in.

Tentacles twisted together to form a huge fist that flew at him, meeting the shield that blinked into his grip. The two sides pushed against one another, neither willing to give ground.

"Ssaaa… Ssaaaaa!" the mimic hissed past the tasty morsel of Hu Tao jerky.

Jaune gasped. "Don't you dare say that about my mother!"

"You speak furniture?" Bennett yelled over, forgetting for a moment the tentacle wrapped around his waist and lifting him in the air. (Oz, the literal birdbrain, maintained focus to continue pecking at the appendage in an effort to free him.)

He couldn't answer the other boy, embroiled in fending off rapid-fire blows that were arriving from every direction. They began to overwhelm him, not by skill but by sheer number. His answer was to throw [Third Arm] behind him so that it pulled him away from the mimic.

The tentacles, tasting victory, tore through the air in pursuit.

Jaune landed with both feet on the wall, hanging off the ground, and he grinned at the approaching feelers. They never got to him with Zhongli below swiping upward with his spear, slicing through multiple of them in one fell swoop. Fischl added an Electro arrow into the mix, shocking a half dozen more limbs numb.

He saw his chance.

"Cover me," was his simple request to his allies.

The shadowy arm dispelled to leave nothing but wisps of smoke. Before he could fall, rockets engaged to carry him across the corridor. He forewent his weapons, relying on Zhongli and a newly-freed Bennett to defend his flanks. Arrows weaved around him, opening the path. A slide under the grasping tentacles put him right in front of the mimic.

The monster went ignored for the time being. Killing the thing was best left for after he took Hu Tao out of harm's way.

"You alright in there?" he called out, rapping his knuckles on the lid. A tentacle whipped above his head, tackled off-course by a raven.

Hu Tao's legs stopped at the sound of his voice, then began kicking harder. "Get me out of heeere!"

"On it!" Then, to himself. "Probably isn't too bad."

"No! It is! It really is! Please, I'm gonna barf if I stay in here any long—eep!"

Jaune ignored her squeaks, adjusting for a better grip of her waist. For leverage, he planted a foot on the chest. Realizing what he intended, Hu Tao ceased kicking to give him an easier time.

"On three, okay?" He'd assume that movement of hers meant a yes. "One… two… three!"

Jaune pulled Hu Tao toward himself, and the response was immediate.

"Ow, ow, ow, ow, you're ripping me in half!"

He rolled his eyes at that exaggeration given her Aura, but relented and let her go. Hu Tao resumed her flailing against the mimic. Despite how difficult to digest she must be turning out, the treasure chest refused to give up on eating her. It shook in mirth(?) at them.

Two tentacles thought they were being sneaky, trying to wind around him. He tied them into a knot, then said, "I'll give something else a go, Hu Tao."

"'Kaaay, not going anywhere."

Rule of Lisa. If a girl could still spare the energy to snark, she was fine.

"Ssaaa…"

Do your worst, was the clear-cut challenge Jaune (did not) heard.

His eyes narrowed. He grabbed onto the edges of the box and the lid. The mimic's hinges proved tougher than expected, supernaturally so, though failing to draw more than a small grunt as he applied strength to pry open the lid.

Once he had a big enough gap, he slipped his knee inside the chest to free up a hand, wincing at the sharp fangs pressing into him. The tentacles within the mimic made a play at dragging him in, but the fistful of Mora that he tossed into the mouth provided a fair distraction. As one would expect from a mimic, greed overruled other instincts, and gold tasted divine.

It allowed him to seize Hu Tao by her coattails and yank her out of the chest. He leapt back with her in tow, and absent his resistance, the lid of the mimic slammed shut to bite down on its own tongue. It swung open again in a scream of pain and outrage.

That opportunity, he couldn't let pass. Tossing Hu Tao (a "Thank yooou!" trailing behind her) over to Fischl, he pivoted on his heels to launch right back at the mimic. His sword appeared, and it plunged into the open mouth to skewer the very depths of the chest.

A screech shook the corridor. It found no sympathy from him and he twisted his sword to worsen the wound. A spear slammed into place beside his blade.

He shared a look with the impassive Zhongli. They nodded to one another and savagely ripped out their weapons to leave the mimic hacking up blood.

All of the tentacles tensed for a long few seconds, then fell limp. The lid of the chest tilted back, the edge hitting the ground.

The tongue shuddered and spasmed, the movements slowing as energy seeped out from the mimic, until the best it could do was breathe in ragged gasps.

His party kept their weapons raised, alert for a trick. Jaune did not bother. He had fought mimics before, and knew the signs.

The mimic let out a final hiss as it watched him striding closer.

"Ssaaa…"

Translation: You have bested me. Now my end draws near. All my life, I sought the surface. Heh. I guess such are dreams, ever beyond our grasp. Farewell to you, the better thief. Know that… that…

Mimics never die—​

"Yeah, yeah. Enough out of you." Jaune kicked the chest over, spilling out the contents. "I still remember what you said about my mother."

Not all mimics were the same. Some had class.

He left the dead mimic there to go check on Hu Tao. Beside the chew marks on her clothes and a thick coating of drool, she remained hale and hearty with the dark red glow of Aura shining on her skin.

Of course, healthy did not equal happy. Hu Tao grabbed her twintails, bringing them up to take a sniff of the frazzled locks, making a gagging noise after.

"Ueeeeh, I reek!" she complained. Fischl, who Jaune had shoved the other girl into, shared in the sentiment and visibly struggled to not react.

"There, there," Jaune said, kneeling down to pat her comfortingly on the back. Which put him at a level where the smell of the mimic's drool hit him.

Sniff, sniff. Blegh.

That earned him a very offended look from the girl.

"What? You were right." Saying that didn't aid his cause. To placate her, he brought out a towel and a water bottle to help her somewhat clean up.

Meanwhile, Bennett took on the job of searching the chest. The cry of "Boooss!" soon rang out in the passageway, with Bennett returning to them carrying an armful's worth of prizes. A cursory skim showed nothing of note, just the usual loot, except for one item.

A stopped clock.

What the hey?

Jaune was about to throw the piece of junk away, until that same mysterious little smile crossed Zhongli's lips and it prompted him to give the object a second look.

Even then, the pocket watch still did not appear very impressive. Pretty, Jaune supposed, with the red clock face and the decorative flowers. The bell attached to the watch on a string jangled a clear, melodious note pleasing to the ear. All ruined by the needles that would not tell the time.

But beyond his eyes, he had another tool at his disposal.

"Apparently, this comes in a set. Have you ever seen anything like it before?" he asked Zhongli, giving his scroll a surreptitious glance.


Summer Night's Moment
Universe: Genshin Impact
A small, ornate pocket watch.
The watch seems to have stopped at a certain time of day.
In the ghost stories of fantasy Japan™,
This has something to do with an encounter with something inhuman… Ara, ara~
Note: Collect the set to earn bonus effects.
2-piece effect: ?
4-piece effect: ?


Zhongli held his chin in a thoughtful pose.

"There have always existed artifacts that bestow power. By luck or fate, they tend to never travel far from one another."

Interesting news for sure, and a new priority on the list for him to keep an eye out for. He reined in his eagerness, however. The party took precedence, and he preferred them in good shape for whatever they might face, so he called for a break, allowing everyone time to freshen up.

Hu Tao, mainly. She needed it. Blegh.

Half an hour on, the girl looked like a different person. A less chewed-on person. Her hair had been restored to a silky luster with the shampoo and water that Jaune 'just happened to have lying around', her clothes damp from a light washing—though that was nothing new for the group by this point, since all of their clothes felt damp to a degree.

They resumed their journey with a renewed buoyancy. After the thrill of battling a mimic, fights against slimes somewhat weakened in impact. They posed little challenge, or reward. Still, the party pressed on.

A deep chill settled in, right around the time Jaune realized that the corridors had steepened to direct them more down than forward. A part of him wondered if they should have taken that as a sign to turn around. Be glad for what they have gained, retire to a village and tell the story over dinner.

Because, as the slope straightened out to deposit them in the next chamber, he discovered that he seemed to have led them into a terrible place.

The ground before him writhed. A shiver went up Jaune's spine.

The illumination of the lanterns couldn't penetrate far, and the group relied on him to sweep his flashlight around for a better view of the space. Hu Tao helped out, a swing of her staff sending out her flame butterflies to fly around the cavern, shedding light over the area before dissipating.

From the uneven ground filled with pits and slopes, to the high ceiling where oozing mud coalesced in stalactites, everything moved with a pulsating rhythm. All around them, the mud roiled and churned, with shapes rising out of the muck to act out scenes and settings before abruptly collapsing in pieces.

One of the butterflies passed by a shambling figure. The flames faded away, but his flashlight replaced it to shine on the spot.

Jaune saw a person. A man, clad in tattered robes.

The blue-tinted skin and the eyes that were slightly milky could not do much to mar his features. Menogias was handsome, still. Even in death.

As the drowned yaksha wandered aimlessly, a croaking whisper echoed throughout the cavern.

"Bonanus… Bonanus, where are you…"

Again and again, he said it. "Bonanus… Bonanus, where are you…"

Suddenly, his gaze snapped to them, blinking as he looked into the light emitted by the lanterns. Intelligence resurfaced… or perhaps not. His face warped into a snarl, the mouth spouting long, sharp teeth that grind and crack against one another.

"Demons! What have you done to her!?"

Jaune summoned his sword.


Author's Notes: (⩌_⩌) (⩌_⩌) (⩌_x) (°ヮ°) (*ᗜ*)

No bunny. Only mimic.

̶N̶o̶ Very few Hu Taos were harmed in the making of this chapter.
Stories:
QQ Sneaking His Way into the Multiverse , a RWBY Jaune, WC-lite mechanics story.
Other RWBY stories on AO3 or FF - Yakuza Arc | Conquered Menagerie: Annals of the Sixth Kingdom | Cat, Bunny, and the Good Ship Honey Starbright | The Agent
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:m213, Amdiranifani, Amrynel and 376 others
LazyAutumnMoon
Jan 1, 2026
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 65: Down Where It's Wetter (Pt. 3)
View content
LazyAutumnMoon
LazyAutumnMoon
We all need Sundancer in our life.
JoinedJun 7, 2024
Messages289
Likes received68,284
Jan 8, 2026
Add bookmark
#5,167
Chapter 65: Down Where It's Wetter (Pt. 3)​


The mud surged throughout the cavern.

Out of it arose figures to block Jaune's view of Menogias, the writhing masses warping around and around until they contoured to the appearances of people, the details sharpening into focus in a way the rest of the Domain could not imitate.

The… Dolls? Golems?… undertook activities that made little sense, from dancing to eating imaginary food to even dueling one another. Closest to him, two men dressed in antiquated clothing carried on a silent conversation over a chess board, their chests rising and falling with breath, the lips forming the shape of words, oblivious to what was happening around them.

A stutter then passed through the chess players and others nearby. Expressions shorted out, and actions ceased. A person could have heard a pin drop in the silence.

Slowly, oh so slowly, they twisted their heads to look at him.

From this angle, the wrongness stood out. The faces of the mud men were indistinct, half-finished facsimiles of life. Something like a mouth. Something like a nose. A blank expanse where eyes should be.

Jaune blanched at the uncanny sight.

When the mud men opened their not-mouths wide, no sound escaped. Yet, the roar echoed in his mind, so well did they mimic the throes of rage. Shambling steps carried them toward him, reminding him of zombies.

Dead man, so dead minions. Simple enough.

His allies fanned out behind him in a loose formation, weapons held at the ready. Bennett scanned the area with an uneasy look, with Fischl who settled a short distance behind him no less disturbed. Oz took to the air above the two adventurers, wing beats erratic from agitation. Hu Tao frowned hard as she stared in the direction of Menogias, while Zhongli behaved as serenely as ever.

"Boss, what's the call?" asked Bennett.

In answer, Jaune darted ahead to sweep his sword through the chess players, cutting them in half. The bodies collapsed into plain mud at his feet.

"What else?" he called back in a loud voice. "It's clear that he's hostile. I don't even think he's alive anymore. We're taking him down!"

With that, he charged forward. A small part of his mind couldn't help but let out a mental whoop at the prospect of this fight. A battle against a zombie god for whatever illustrious prize might await at the end, it was the stuff of movies.

The first enemy he met dressed like a soldier, and the shield to Crocea Mors popped into being to block an incoming sword strike, batting it aside for Jaune to then cut him down. He rotated his wrist as Pyrrha taught him to reverse the momentum of the swing, bringing it up to dispatch what appeared to be a teahouse waitress still holding her tray—all she needed was a bit of color and it would make her lifelike. She displayed no martial prowess, keeling over without ado.

Something about that unsettled him, but he pushed it out of mind. Pressing the offensive, he advanced with a series of slashes to fell enemies left and right.

At this stage, he was playing a simple role. The party knew very little what their opponents could do. Therefore, someone had to take on the risk of bearing the brunt of the assault.

Through the exchange, he concluded that the mud men posed minimal threat to his allies. Foes that could be struck down with effortless, and guiltless, impunity. Meaning, they could hold the line without him there. That reassurance allowed him to kick off, shooting into the air above the horde.

Up here, it hit him in full the power that Menogias wielded. The entrance he came in from counted as just one of many, with other exits leading to sections of the Domain he had not even begun to scratch. The chamber itself moved to the yaksha's will, the mud forming an ever-shifting landscape of hills, dips, cliffs, and pits; pools of water churned as the ground beneath them refused to calm. Mud figures populated the space, and barring those that have noticed the intruders, they carried on their nonsensical actions in a seeming loop, with no distinction of time and occasion. Their dense numbers combined with the obscuring darkness led to a chaotic, squirming mass that resembled some kind of orgy. In places, it was.

Between these scenes, other shapes sprang up in the dim light. Trees and animals. Walls and furniture. They framed the activities of the golems, painting a hundred little moments.

He scanned the area where he last spotted Menogias, or whatever it was that remained of Menogias after his drowning, trading shield for scroll to use the device's flashlight. A glimpse of tattered robes among the mud men, and he swapped his sword for Ruhm, swinging the long rifle around with one hand in an almost careless motion and squeezing down the trigger. His 'marksmanship' did the rest, the roaring bullets finding targets with preternatural accuracy until the barrel pointed to the yaksha, and a three-shot burst streaked across the cavern.

He tsked when a wall of mud burst upward, which the bullets splashed harmlessly against. The half-dome covered most angles, forcing him to adjust. Away went his rifle as he rocketed toward the wall. A close-range approach might see him fare better.

Halfway there, parts of the wall's surface began twisting into spirals. He had a second to wonder what the play was before the spikes catapulted at him. A roll to the side allowed him to evade the first projectile. Then, he cut out power to his boots, falling out of the air to go under the subsequent attacks.

The golem below turned its face upward right on time for him to stomp on, serving as a springboard for him to jump toward the next mud man. The second impromptu stepping stone led to a third then a fourth until he had gathered enough momentum to run on the crowd. He hit the wall in no time at all and, boosted by the rockets, scrambled up the sloping surface to swing over the edge. It put him right on top of Menogias.

Up close, the faint scent of rot lingered around him, and veins traced beneath his blue-tinted skin. His robes would have once been a thing of envy, richly-woven. Now, it hung off of his frame in pieces, with the fabric torn up to his knees and elbows, stained with muck.

A small and innocuous strip of metal appeared in his hand, easily dismissed for those unaware of its function. The Inhibitor Collar shut down powers of many different stripes, so long as he could get it around a person's neck. If it worked on the yaksha, the battle was won.

Got you, thought Jaune with mere inches to go.

The milky eyes barely registered his presence, yet Menogias snaked out his cold, lifeless hand with unerring accuracy to grab Jaune's own, squeezing down in an unrelenting grip that had him shouting in pain. Cracking noises between his fingers warned of a very fashionable choker breaking to pieces.

He discarded the plan without missing a beat, summoning a sword to his untrapped hand. Mud in the shape of a serpent coiled around that wrist, snapping his arm back with a sharp pull to suspend him in the air.

"Demons, you never learn! Bonanus will enjoy slaying you!" Menogias shouted through a mouthful of sharp teeth that contorted his human features. The yaksha's head abruptly tilted back, and he screeched at the ceiling. "Bonanus, why? Your fault! Your fault! Your faaault!"

"The time here did a number on you, huh?" Jaune said, not without sympathy. Centuries spent in the dark sounded like hell, not to mention the drowning part.

Despite that, he offered no hesitation in kicking up a foot, the rocket exhaust burning below his heel primed to sear a line along the yaksha.

Menogias sidestepped the attack with a speed and grace Jaune did not anticipate from a mad, dead body, the motion revealing the giant open palm sprouting out of the ground behind him. Jaune had only time to voice an "Ah, fu—" and then the hand rammed into him with the force of a train.

The blow shot him straight through the barrier at his back and over the length of the cavern. He tried to recover midair with the rockets, but all that did was add a stylish flip to the arc just before he splatted against the high wall, sinking deep into the muck. Everything went dark and cold, the impact rattling his brain.

Slowly, gravity took hold and he peeled off the wall to drop back toward the ground. Bennett broke his fall, not because he caught him but by acting as a cushion. A second splat resounded across the chamber, leaving the two boys collapsed in an undignified heap. A mud man whacked Jaune on the head with a chair for extra insult.

That golem burst into fire, sparing it from his vengeance. As it crumbled to pieces, a dainty pair of legs entered Jaune's field of vision.

"Aiya, he sure gave you a thrashing. Are you alive? Do you need a coffin?" Hu Tao asked, leaning down to poke his cheek with her staff.

"What, no, I held my own," he protested (lied) as he climbed to his feet, one hand reaching down to help pull Bennett upright. "It was an epic showdown, you should have been there."

A shadow fell over them, prompting all three to look up. A huge ball of hardened mud was dropping down on their heads.

"Table this for later?"

"Oh ya."

They dove aside in the nick of time, and the rock slammed into the spot where they once stood. The missile held its solid form for a second before oozing into sludge. They didn't get a moment of break, with additional projectiles already on the way courtesy of Menogias. Not wishing to stick around for that, Jaune vacated the area with the others hot on his heels, racing toward their allies.

The battlefield on this side had changed in his absence to a mess of fallen golem and strange broken pillars, the presence of which could be explained by Zhongli calling up a new one with a gesture, kicking it over to crush his opponents beneath its weight.

"Well, that's new. Are you going to tell me this is another necessary skill for a funeral consultant, too?" Jaune commented as he passed the man to decapitate a mud soldier.

Needless to say, he hadn't believed the excuse the first time when it concerned the act of redirecting lightning.

"Of course not. It is but a simple party trick," Zhongli demurred.

Hu Tao swept by. "Don't bother, Jaune. My employee enjoys his mystique." The girl hopped on a fallen pillar, and taking her cue Jaune did the same. It gave them surer footing as they fought the golems.

Ignoring his supposed boss, Zhongli inquired, "How went your encounter with Menogias?"

"He hit me with a giant hand."

"That sounds like him." Zhongli threw his spear as a javelin to skewer a charging boar. The weapon scattered into motes of light that flew back to him, reforming in his grip as he flipped to evade one of the falling boulders. "According to legends, that is," he added, almost as an afterthought.

Hu Tao squinted suspiciously at him.

"Is he lucid?" Zhongli continued.

Jaune shook his head. "He can't even tell who he is talking to from sentence to sentence." He swept the legs out of a farmer and drove a sword through the mud man's chest, then turned back to Zhongli. "If there's a mind in there, it shattered a long time ago. Still, he isn't weak, and knows how to fight."

"I wager that he is retaining vestiges of his memory in life," said Zhongli, indicating the mud figures. "That is what we are seeing now. It stands to reason that his abilities honed in a thousand battles would also remain in some capacity. Even degraded, they are certain to be prodigious. He counted among the strongest of his kind."

"Not someone to fight alone, then. Good to know."

Zhongli looked at him with keen interest. "Do you have a plan?"

He thought about it as he plunged his sword into a golem.

"Why not do the exact same thing Menogias is doing? His forces outnumber us, but if we can change it to the five of us"—he glanced at the raven overhead—"six of us against just him, we're the one with the advantage."

"A simple scheme. Honorable in that peculiar way of war. I rather think a yaksha would approve. Yet, many stand between us and him."

Jaune nodded to acknowledge the point, then raised a finger to pause the conversation. "Let me see what I can do about that."

So saying, he soared upward for a better field of view. At his direction, Hu Tao sent out a swarm of her butterflies to illuminate the cavern, allowing him to spot, and target, more of the mud men. Ruhm settled into his hands.

An indescribable cacophony followed as he performed a strafing run. The rifle bucked like a wild horse from the constant recoil, jumping haphazardly from one target to the next to smash them apart in a spray of bullets. When the ammo ran out, he summoned new clips to reload, spinning in place to blast every which way. The mud men fell in lines, in clusters, in droves. Soon, he floated over a near empty field.

He looked back at his allies hunkered in a hole, and called out, "There we go, now we can—"

The mud within the chamber swirled and bubbled. In mere moments, an army surfaced to stand in orderly formation. They wore the same uniform of an ancient design, each armed with a proper weapon, albeit made of the same material as everything else.

"Aaand I wasted my ammo for nothing." He tossed Ruhm back in his Pocket, opting instead for his gunlance and a suit of armor. Gear more suited for the upgraded mud men. The heavy weight dragged him down and he cut off power to his boots entirely rather than waste the battery, dropping from the air to hit a hill like a meteor. Mud splashed high from the impact, a crater forming beneath his feet. He stood up amidst the golems.

A swing of the gunlance shattered their front ranks to clear him space. Turning with the momentum, he brought the lance up in an overhead swing that squashed an approaching swordsman. A pull of the trigger shot a shell that tore through a column of enemies before exploding.

Big and loud, his actions screamed for Menogias to focus on him, and the yaksha obliged. The golems swarmed toward him from every direction.

They fought as a military unit, with tactics and roles, doctrine and discipline. Mud with the memory of war, they possessed a fearlessness rarely seen in the living.

That didn't help them much as Jaune waded into their ranks, laying about with his lance. Heavy steel and the hardened scales of a Rathalos won out against earthen imitations of weapons and armors, and the golems fell by the dozens without putting more than scratches on him.

Pillars of rocks preceded the arrival of his party. Fischl vaulted atop one, an arrow nocked in her bow. The shot flew high to intercept a spear cast by Menogias before it could land on Jaune. A shield blocked a blade meant for his back, Bennett then striking the ground with his sword and activating his fire magic, setting off an explosion to topple a row of soldiers on their rears. The boy ducked as Jaune's gunlance swept above his head to slap aside a volley of arrows.

"Keep one eye on the sky; combat is three dimensional," Jaune advised, and Bennett nodded in thanks.

Soldiers marched in a column up the hill to reinforce their brethren. Jaune took a step, intending to go meet them, but a rock pillar sprouted in front of him. A look at Zhongli provided him the hint, and he rammed into the pillar, breaking the base to send it rolling down the hill, flattening the lot. Zhongli pressed the opening with a kick that launched his spear end over end to destroy another couple of golems, Hu Tao following up to set a squad of soldiers on fire, rendering them brittle for Jaune to crush by simply charging through them. The instant he slowed down, Bennett was there to continue the combo, and in this vein they knocked over the golems in quick succession.

And then Menogias closed the distance.

Half a minute later, Jaune sailed across the cavern to go splat against the wall.

"Owww," he groaned, a perfect summation of the beatdown he just took.

A lot could be criticized of Menogias's martial skills. How it trended toward a savage bent due to his deteriorated mind for example. The yaksha compensated for it with a versatile flair for his chosen element, to make fighting him a horrible experience.

As he pulled himself out of the muck, a loud smack resounded and after a brief lull he ended up smushed into the wall again, his arms full of Hu Tao.

"Owww," she groaned, laying limp with her hat askew.

He spat out the mud in his mouth, and asked, "You, too?"

"Giant hands used me as a ball," she confirmed. "It wasn't as funny as when it happened to you."

Memories of being ping-ponged back and forth until he wanted to puke filled his mind, causing him to shiver.

They couldn't stay here, however. Him, especially. He was the vanguard. The one to hold the line.

The line, waaay over there.

Pushing off the wall, a glider appeared on his back, the wings unfurling. The magic in it failed to do more than slow his fall due to Hu Tao's weight, but activating the rocket boots allowed him to descend at an angle, putting them closer to the fighting. He let Hu Tao off there, and plunged right back into the fray.

He fired a shot of his rifle as an opener. A mud soldier suicided rather than let it hit Menogias.

The yaksha, meanwhile, cracked Bennett across the chin with his fist to drop the adventurer. His head jerked out of the way of Fischl's arrow, and a gesture sent a squad of golems chasing after her. He then turned back to deal with Bennett, who was getting up. His foot rose and fell, stomping the boy into the mud.

A flash of gold streaked toward the yaksha and his blade, a slender straight sword of quality forge quite unlike the replicas he armed his soldiers with, batted aside Zhongli's thrown spear. It was a mere prelude, for a ring of rock pillars manifested, each shooting on an angle from a different direction at Menogias.

By some strange twist of fate, their weight proved too much for the unstable ground, and the bases of the pillars sank down. Only inches, yet it caused all of them to veer just a little off course to miss the yaksha. Zhongli's eyes widened at the sight, looking more panicked than most of them had ever seen him. It allowed Menogias the opportunity to stab down at Bennett without hesitation.

A shadowy arm yanked the boy away before the sword could land, leaving Menogias to strike the empty ground. The yaksha stared at his dirtied sword for a brief moment, then slowly straightened to his full height and turned to look at the culprit, Jaune, head twitching to the side in an unconscious motion.

Jaune returned the unblinking stare while dragging his ally upright. "You did well, Bennett. I'll tag in here, so keep the minions off my back."

"G-Got it." The woozy Bennett threw a sloppy salute and picked his sword off the ground, stumbling off to leave Jaune facing down Menogias.

"You took it!" Menogias said with a smile that curled into a snarl. "You took it, so why won't you wear it!?"

Jaune lifted his lance and shield, setting into a stance. "He's not a coat, what are you even on about?"

With a scream, Menogias bounded forward, slashing his sword. The blade crashed down on Jaune's shield with an unnatural strength that caused him to sink a few inches into the ground. It left Menogias wide open, and so Jaune swapped from the long lance to the shorter sword and stabbed the man in the gut, piercing the swirling mud that had sprung up to protect the yaksha and striking flesh.

A small burst of fire lit up the wound, the paper seal pasted on the blade crumbling as thick, black ichor seeped out. Yet, no pain showed on the yaksha's face, not even a flinch. A swift kick knocked Jaune back, a muddy tendril with a sharpened needle point chasing after him.

Jaune ducked under the tentacle and cut it in half. His sword traded place with his gunlance, and he hid behind its bulk as mud in the shape of an ocean wave smashed into him. He braced his shoulder against the weapon to hold his position, then kicked the head of the lance so that it swung up to smack the approaching Menogias on the chin, cracking a few of his fangs. Pivoting, he slammed the lance into a giant hand to demolish it before it could fling him away, following through on the motion to break apart a protective barrier that had manifested and whack Menogias directly on the side. The blow sent the yaksha skidding over a fair distance but failed to topple him, blocked upon bare arms that bled from the harsh impact.

Menogias laughed, oblivious to his wounds. He pointed at Jaune. "Look, I made this for you. It fits well, I do believe." To Jaune's consternation, he felt the mud below him crawl up along his body. He glanced at the wider battlefield, noticing the same occurring to the others. "You will wear it, will you not, Bonanus? The next one will be for our brother Bosacius. Like me, he has been so forgetful these days. Then perhaps a robe for Alatus. I know he would consider it too bothersome, but…" His eyes softened. "It would keep you all safe."

The creeping sensation of being buried alive did not make Jaune feel safe. If anything, it reminded him of memories best left behind.

"Get off of me!" he shouted, and with a surge of strength he broke free, the mud encasing him falling to pieces.

The yaksha stopped laughing. "Ungrateful cur," he hissed.

A rumble passed beneath their feet, and giant hands appeared all over the chamber.

Jaune turned pale. "Wait, hang on—"

Slap, slap.

Slap, slap, slap.

Slap.

Jaune hit the far wall.

Soon, Bennett, Fischl, and Hu Tao followed his example, plastering the mud around him in various poses. Gradually, they all peeled off to fall down to the ground in a groaning, crumpled heap.

He was the first to get up. A field of hands greeted him, taking the place of the fallen soldiers. He made a rude gesture at them, and they mimicked it right back.

"Boss," Bennett said weakly from where he laid, eyes still spinning. "I don't think the plan is working."

Ooh, Jaune heard a bit of bite in that. Like a puppy's yip, but it was there. So proud.

Fischl sat up, and spat a lock of hair out of her mouth. "We had a plan?"

"Of course we do," Jaune reassured her. "It's a very sophisticated one that I put together with a lot of thought. With multiple phases and everything."

"Which phase are we at now?" Hu Tao asked, propping up her shaky legs with her staff.

Jaune turned to face the chamber, and inhaled a deep breath.

"Retreat! Retreeeat!"

Ten minutes later, peace had returned to the cavern. Menogias, the drowned yaksha, wandered his realm with an aimless and vacant demeanor, the intruders an old, lost memory. Out of sight, out of mind.

Deep inside a tunnel branching off of the chamber, four clumps of mud, a bird, and Zhongli huddled in a circle. From time to time, the consultant received an envious glare from his companions for his immaculate state. Aside from the man who knelt on the balls of his feet, the rest of them sat on the floor, at this stage no longer bothered by the sloshy surface.

"We might be in over our heads," Hu Tao summed up the situation. It opened the floodgates for discussion among the group.

"What is even the point of hitting mud over and over!"

"The sea of stars would fade from the ephemeral sky before our efforts bear fruit, is what Mein Fräulein meant to say."

"Can you kill mud? I feel like it's really unsporting that Meno-guy gets to have a never-ending supply of soldiers."

"Not soldiers anymore. He has a never-ending supply of hands."

A shudder passed through the four muddy clumps.

"Look, hear me out," Jaune said, and they all leaned in to listen. "What if we funnel the mud out into the sea somehow? That would leave him with nothing to control."

"Ah, yes," Hu Tao replied, nodding eagerly, "let's drill a hole into the bottom of the undersea cave… and then watch as water fills all the way to the tippity top." She nudged him with her elbow. "We can die together, hee-hee."

Jaune squinted at her. "Don't you 'hee-hee' me."

She showed an unrepentant smile. The unserious attitude got a laugh out of Bennett and Fischl, the two adventurers relaxing minutely.

Bennett sat back. "What about that loud crossbow you keep pulling out?" he asked Jaune. "Looks like a Fatui weapon. It was pretty effective."

"A gun." Jaune waved the idea away. "I can arm all of you with them, but the problem there is the supply of ammo. It isn't endless like your arrows. Besides, with you new to using them, you'll be more of a danger to each other than to Menogias."

"I don't like them, anyway," Hu Tao said. "They hurt my ears and don't even give off big fireworks for it."

"An explosion…"

"No, don't go there, Fischl," said Bennett. "With my and Jaune's luck, I get the feeling it'd bring the cave down on our heads."

For a while, ideas of that nature continued to bounce back and forth. A lot of them went nowhere. A few warranted further thought, with Jaune inevitably putting a pin on each of them due to glaring faults. As it dragged on, he passed around refreshments.

After a pitch by Hu Tao on the merits of smoking Menogias out of his chamber by setting fires at all the exits except one (Advantage #1: they would have all the time in the world, while he didn't), the heretofore silent Zhongli cleared his throat, the gesture quieting the group.

With the air of one talking of the weather, he said, "You neglect an obvious solution, and one I advise. At a time like this, why not simply withdraw? After all, this trip has yielded profits for us already."

The suggestion hung between the group after Zhongli finished speaking. It seemed to take many of them by surprise, judging by Bennett's and Fischl's reaction. Quite likely his own too, had he a mirror.

They could just… stop.

Before that idea took further root, Jaune quickly moved up to a knee, putting out both his hands.

"Whoa, hey now. That's a little premature." He cracked a winning smile, throwing finger guns as Zhongli looked his way. "This is about us planning things out, not us giving up. The situation back there is just a challenge. A hiccup. I've faced worse predicaments."

Zhongli cocked his head, studying Jaune as if he was a strange object. "You are here for treasure, correct? Riches? We have found much. More than enough to call this venture a success. I am sorry to say, but the bedraggled state of Menogias does not inspire the prospect of wealth. Why go to the trouble, if it isn't necessary?"

"Well, yeah, but…" said Jaune, smile fading as he scratched his cheek. He glanced down the passage in the direction of the cavern.

"Boooo, stop being a killjoy, Zhongli!" Hu Tao pouted.

"Nevertheless, my employer, I should remind him that we neither hold the same goal as him, nor are we beholden to his whims. And…" Zhongli drummed his fingers on a knee, betraying a jitteriness to his calm facade. His expression tightened in the slightest of frowns. "Certain signs not readily visible to you have led me to believe it is unwise to proceed. Putting you aside, Hu Tao, our young adventurers have experienced more than their fair share of danger."

"Wait, no!" Bennett protested, waving his arms in denial. "We're okay, we want to be here. Right, Fischl?"

Fischl nodded rapidly once the attention turned to her. "Just so! Let it never be said that the Prinzessin der Verurteilung quails in the face of mortality. One as long-lived as I walks with death as a dear companion."

"She is not scared, milady insists," Oz added.

"See?" said Bennett. "It's alright with us. If Jaune wants to keep at it, we'll follow him."

It flattered Jaune that they thought highly of him. Yet, Zhongli undercut that declaration with a casual hum.

"That you can, does not equate that you should. What is your reason, Mister Bennett, that makes this endeavor so pressing? You too, Miss Fischl."

The man waited for a response, and the pair did their best to meet that challenge. For adventure. For treasure. For loyalty, because they had to repay Jaune for him helping them.

Their words rang hollow, with innocence and youth and heart in place of any true desire to be here, in this place. Once Bennett and Fischl ran out of things to say, Zhongli turned to Jaune with a knowing look.

By now, Jaune had come to understand what the consultant was getting at. If he sought an easy payday, Menogias was the further thing from it, to say nothing of those cryptic words Zhongli spoke. Better to direct his attention elsewhere, rather than grow tunnel-visioned on one obstacle just because he sank time and effort into it already. At no point did he have to do anything. It was his life.

"..."

The man gave him some time to think about it, but as the silence stretched on, the atmosphere among the others grew antsy. Like Zhongli, they were also waiting for him. In their case, to hear what wisdom he could convey to justify continuing on this course, perhaps a grand ambition which drove him that they would be playing a part in. Patience soon started to wane.

In the end, Zhongli made the deciding move.

"Be satisfied with what you have, for greed has turned many an adventure into a cautionary tale." He straightened to his full height and turned his back to begin to walk away, voicing over his shoulder, "Let me leave you with this. The yakshas knew it would end in this fate. It is the karma they have earned, as ordained by the heavens." He sighed softly. "Let them be."

The departure pierced through the sea of half-thoughts, doubts, and unfinished explanations swimming around in Jaune's head. Hurriedly, he blurted out what came to mind.

"It's your fault."

That brought Zhongli to a halt. He looked back, cocking an eyebrow.

"Pardon?" the man asked.

Jaune shrugged. On his face, he once again wore an easy-going smile. It might not have been the best opener, but it rang with the truth and that was enough for him.

He pointed at the side of his head, and said, "I blame you for this, you know. You filled my head with stories. A band of heroes protecting the world, slaying monsters that threatened the innocent… I grew up on stuff like that. I wished I could do something like that. Saving the day, meeting the girl, finding my ever after."

At his side, Hu Tao snickered.

"Oh?" she said in a teasing tone. "I didn't take you for the romantic type. Just so you know, there's only ever one ending."

He snorted upon getting her insinuation. Of course a funeral director would believe that.

Their exchange passed beneath Zhongli's notice. The man had fully turned around. Hands clasped behind his back, he tilted his chin to gaze at the ceiling in thought.

"Aspirations, then." The corner of Zhongli's lips curled upward. "You dream of a fairy tale. Of making a legend for the ages, so that we should remember your name."

A desire born of ego, went the unspoken criticism. Which sounded fair enough, though not quite right.

"It's nothing that ambitious," Jaune admitted. "This is, probably, just my own silliness." That drew curious looks from the others, to which he shook his head. He ran a hand through his hair, chuckling under his breath at the memories that had resurfaced, and explained, "I once met someone, and what I remember most about him was something he told me. That no matter how bleak the world may become, the sun still shines; every morning, it rises… A small and ordinary everyday thing, and it would always get him back up after he went down, because to him seeing that sun was worth all the pain and misery. He was… silly, in thoughts and actions. And I admired him for it."

He jerked a thumb over his shoulder in the vague direction of the cavern.

"In there, is a hero."

Whatever he was now, a monster, a beast, a vengeful spirit… Menogias lived as a hero. Done his duty, and brought peace back to the land.

Jaune looked at Hu Tao, who taught a side of ghosts and spirits new to him.

"Maybe Menogias earned his fate, and this is what he deserved. But I don't like that," he told her. "I feel like he has been waiting a long time to get his rest. And that's something I want, too, I think. For him to rest. It could be a reason for me to try."

Hu Tao pondered on it, pursing her lips. Then, she showed a little smile. "I'll agree with that part, at least. In death, one dies. It's past his time to go."

"Perhaps," allowed Zhongli, his gaze never leaving Jaune's face. "It behooves me to warn you again that there may be consequences, of which all of you could well find that you cannot escape."

"I'll live with that." He looked down for a moment, barely a flicker. "I've tried taking the other option recently. All the excuses that sounded reasonable beforehand didn't really make me feel any better in the aftermath."

"It is not wrong to realize some situations are beyond you."

"Heh. That was one of them." Hearing it decided his course for certain. "I'm going to head back in there."

"I suppose I shall as well. The last chapter simply must finish on a happy note," Fischl declared in a grand manner. Jaune nodded to her in support of the sentiment. She enjoyed reading stories, and so might understand him on this more than most. "Of all the worlds I have visited, that one truth has ever been the natural order. Is that not so, my loyal attendant?"

Bennett sheepishly rubbed the back of his neck. "C'mon, you know I don't get that complicated stuff, Fischl… but I do feel bad for the guy, yeah."

Jaune broke out in laughter, reaching over to clap Bennett on the shoulder. "You're pretty much on the same page with me, then." He glanced up at Zhongli. "I'll admit it, all of this is really just for myself."

Money, treasure, artifacts. Any of it could sway him. They brought him here. But they were means. Things to use up and toss away in the pursuit of a goal.

Above them all, what he wanted was to see a different ending to a miserable tale.

Rising to his feet, he performed a stretch to limber up. Once done, his sword appeared to hand and he swung it to point down the tunnel.

A calm certainty he had never known settled in his heart, steady as a rock.

"Selfishly, I'm not letting his story end any other way."


-o-


Something clinked among the various items within the poncho's many pockets.
The owner of the garment would not find it until later.
At the moment, he only caught a glimpse of color at the corner of his eyes.
A blazing gold.


-o-​


Jaune weaved his glider among the huge crisscrossing serpents formed of mud. Spotting a gap, he fired up his rockets and burst out into freedom. It put him high in the air over the cavern, near the ceiling. He whipped out his rifle, firing off a couple of rounds at Menogias as a diversion, then folded the wings and shot downward at the yaksha. At the last second, his body flipped to lead with his legs.

His boots slammed down on arms caked in mud, the material hardened to the likeness of steel. If that hurt Menogias any, he showed not a sign. Blue eyes glared into milky-white.

The sound of a splash alerted him, and he ducked his head just as a tendril shot past. A backfist smashed apart the limb before it could reconstitute into a new attack. His frame then suddenly lurched as Menogias swung his arm to toss him aside, Jaune's weight proving no obstacle to the yaksha.

Jaune landed in a squat, and immediately charged forward again.

Far behind Menogias, Bennett brought down one of the mud hands. The action went unnoticed by the yaksha, whose eyes only saw Jaune.

Summoning his sword, he slashed at Menogias, the blade meeting another blade—or rather, an odd barrier encasing Menogias's blade. The two vied for an advantage, pressing with their full strength. Jaune counted the beats. One, two, three—

He stepped aside, allowing the spearman golem to stab through the space he vacated, right at Menogias. A dead man followed habits more than thoughts, a flaw that the living could exploit if they grasped the pattern, and Jaune had ample chances to do so. (It was either learn or get wrecked, giving him great motivation to improve quickly.)

The spearman lost its form before it touched Menogias, and the yaksha walked into and out of the mud without harm. By that time, Crocea Mors had swapped for Red Rook, the gunlance screaming through the air. The huge lump of metal and scales caught Menogias across the torso, whipping him into the ground to bury him.

Not even a second later, Menogias burst out of the mud, sword aimed at Jaune's throat in the moment that the follow-through of the gunlance pulled at his balance. The blade did not find its target, clanging against a shield that 'coincidentally' blocked the yaksha's view of Fischl as she dispatched another giant hand.

It was impossible to tell what the yaksha could or could not see, or how his mind interpreted things. Jaune chose to play it safe, holding the shield for longer than he needed to despite it resulting in a powerful punch to his gut that sent him skidding back.

A quick glance over his shoulder confirmed that Fischl had moved on, disappearing behind a hill. Hu Tao was visible, however, so he bashed his sword against his shield, creating a racket that ensured Menogias continued paying attention to him. It turned out to be an unnecessary move, for Menogias had entered another one of his manic bouts.

"Where is it? I can't find it!" the yaksha cried, dropping to hands and knees to search the muck at his feet.

Wasting no time, Jaune aimed his gunlance and fired off a shot.

Irritatingly, for someone not all there, Menogias was too aware. A creature of instinct posed a serious threat when that instinct had been honed through years-long war. A mud wall snapped into place to divert the gunlance shell, with Menogias waking from his episode. The yaksha blinked once, and then rushed at him.

"Bonanus, where are you? Why won't you wear it, why won't you wear it, why won't you wear it, why won't you wear it, why won't you wear it, why won't you wear it, why won't you wear it, why won't you wear it—"

Jaune backpedaled under the onslaught of sword strikes. The speed of the attacks grew and grew as Menogias's words blurred together in a continuous scream, slicing into Jaune's legs and arms whenever he was too slow to shield in time.

Thinking fast, he freed a hand to grasp inside his Pocket for a paint bomb, an item of Escha's devise, and lobbed it at the yaksha, whose blade near instantly sliced it in half. A cloud of pink paint exploded to obscure Menogias. The loss of sensory inputs shorted out his assault, with the yaksha slowing his steps.

The insane ravings ceased, and a far gentler voice murmured, "What if I can no longer remember you? I feel like I am going mad…"

The soft words slipped past Jaune's defenses, and he lowered his lance which had been poised to retaliate.

"I'm sorry, but Bonanus is gone," he said sincerely.

Menogias heard it. Registered it. His face slackened in horror, and around him, the mud churned, giving rise to wild, chaotic shapes that changed from one thing to the next in the blink of an eye, a glimpse into his distorted mind.

Within it, Jaune spotted the form of a woman, hair floating and body sinking as if she was falling into the depths of the sea, her face a blank expanse without features. A different segment depicted Menogias swimming after her, his expression clear of their madness, yet wracked by desperate terror.

The woman vanished, but still the man swam down, seeking a sign. Until the air ran out, and he grasped his throat.

It culminated with the yaksha's favorite move, the imprint of a giant hand pushing out of the ground, leading Jaune to regret ever opening his mouth.

"Liar!" Menogias shouted as the hand rammed into Jaune to fling him away, gunlance and shield and all.

He stowed his weapons with a thought. Glider and rockets put him back in control, allowing him to transition into graceful flight. Jaune banked left to swing around, on course to return to the fight. Arrows the size of spears launched in his direction, prompting him to take evasive measures.

At this height, he had a view of everyone else. Bennett and Fischl on one side of the cavern, Hu Tao and Zhongli on the other.

Catching sight of the consultant, the words that the other man had said on the way back to the cavern echoed in Jaune's mind.

"I am not where I am meant to be, nor are the others. His fate lies with you."

Cryptic, as far as it went. Par for the course, concerning a lot of things Zhongli had told him. Nevertheless, he had rolled with it while forming his strategy, putting them to different tasks.

The mud moved to the will of Menogias when he paid attention. With his deteriorated mind, there wasn't much of that attention to go around, and outside his purview the golems default to a more basic and far less coordinated nature. Jaune's objective for the past while, therefore, involved distracting the yaksha to let the others set the stage.

The Mondstadt adventurers, he assigned to thinning the enemy ranks. The pair stayed mobile, close enough that one could respond should the other need help but otherwise focused on knocking down the golems beneath the notice of Menogias.

Hu Tao and Zhongli took the slow approach, with the latter raising pillars for the former to stand on. More than that, it served to dry out the cave. Under Zhongli's power, earth became rock, casting out the moisture that created the element of mud. Separated, they returned to the rule of Geo and Hydro, distinct from the domain of which Menogias reigned as king. The inferno that Hu Tao brought to bear accelerated the process, cooking the water out.

He just had to hold on a while longer, and the ideal battlefield would manifest.

Heading for the yaksha, he angled the glider for a steep dive, vanishing it as he approached his target. With a gesture from Menogias, mud spiraled into the shape of a lance to await his arrival, to which [Third Arm] pulled him slightly off course, enough to pass it by. His foot had only touched down for a split second before it kicked up at Menogias in a blow aimed at the temple. A barrier sprang up, the mud shield bleeding off the momentum of the attack. Hastily, Jaune yanked back his leg.

The slender straight sword snapped out, a brutal attempt to take his eyes. The helmet to the Rathalos suit popped into being, protecting him then vanishing so as not to block his field of vision. Rockets activated to launch him up, his knee crashing into Menogias's face and breaking a swirling protective layer of mud to throw the yaksha backward. Without touching the ground, he raced in pursuit. Even then, Crocea Mors only managed to swipe a shallow line on the yaksha's flesh before a deer burst from below to gore him on its antlers. He fell to the ground tangled with the false animal, the mud shifting to try and suffocate him.

As Jaune struggled to keep the muck from entering his nose and mouth, Menogias shambled over with the tip of his blade dragging on the ground. The yaksha snickered, a harsh and reedy sound due to the inches-long teeth.

"Even the animals of the forest cannot abide a demon."

Freed at last, Jaune rolled to his feet and brandished his sword. Menogias beamed a terrible smile at the sight, and brought his blade up in a similar stance.

"A practice bout, Alatus? Please go easy on me today," he said, unable to connect the person before him with the 'demon' of just seconds earlier.

Jaune didn't have the heart to correct him. He stepped forward, giving a quick slash that the yaksha parried, the retaliatory blow a casual overhead swing that crashed down with many times the force it should bear, caught on Jaune's blade on an angle that caused it to slide until it struck the crossguard. Jaune shoved it aside, and with a twirl of the sword stabbed at the exposed torso.

He detected the feint too late. The slender blade sliced right across his throat, a mere flicker to Jaune's eyes for how fast it was. His throat constricted at the phantom sensation of a slit neck, giving Menogias the opportunity to stab him in the belly, folding him in half then launching him end over end along the ground. Groaning, he pushed upward to eat a shoe to the face, his head snapping back to contort his body into a painful shape.

A hand with nails long like claws seized the front of his shirt. Menogias pulled him up, their faces inches apart. Jaune caught a whiff of the dead man's breath, and recoiled.

"Taking the form of my sworn brother?" Menogias hissed, his overgrown teeth clacking together. "Demon, you court death."

"I didn't!" Jaune protested, for the good it did. Judging by the snarling visage, he had made Menogias even madder for revealing himself as a 'liar'. Up became down as the yaksha swung him above his head, and delivered a kick that carried the weight of a mountain, the impact echoing in his mind to rattle his thoughts.

Jaune's back hit the far wall an instant later. Something behind him cracked as he slipped off the wall. He fell into a shallow pool of water.

Disoriented, he flailed around for the first few moments without any sense of coordination. An unwise gasp for breath filled his lungs with filthy water that he hacked and coughed back out. Clarity returned as one hand found purchase on the bottom of the pool, and pushed his head above the surface.

A lurch in his chest caused him to spit out the last of the water he inhaled. He looked back and forth to get his bearings, most of his vision obscured due to the divot he had fallen in. The situation seemed to have taken a turn with his absence, because suddenly he was hearing the distinctive slapping sound of hands.

"And it had been going so well," he said with a heavy sigh.

A trickle of water hit him on the top of his head. Tilting his chin up, he noticed cracks here and there in the wall, through which cleaner—yet saltier—water was pouring into the cavern. As a result, the surface of the pool had begun rising.

The shoddy construction of the Domain, built upon a drowning man's magic an age ago, bore defects that had now surfaced after a hard impact. The wall held, thankfully, but he gave poor odds of that continuing to be the case if they carried on in this manner.

"Note to self, buy breathing masks. Drowning is a bad way to go." Depending on how things went, that note might find use sooner rather than later.

[Third Arm] latched onto the opposite side of the water pool, but the soft mud crumbled in its grip rather than pull him across. He waded through the muck instead.

As he approached the edge of land, something washed up on it first. The new influx of water had disturbed the mud at the bottom, settled for who knew how long. Coming closer, he grabbed the object.

The first thing to register for him was the softness, the ephemeral fabric so fine that it seemed almost formless. Like he grasped pure color and nothing else between his fingers.

Still more of the object remained beneath the surface, and a tug removed the rest of it from the muck. The mud slipped off with ease to show pristine cloth, which floated in the air before slowly falling down, as if it weighed barely more than nothing.

Neckline, sleeves, bodice, he held a dress, its hue a light blue that reminded him of river streams and cloudless mornings, the layers fading to pure white as it moved inward. The broad sleeves fell almost to the hemline, and strips of cloth reminiscent of the long, gauzy fins of a tropical fish draped past the floor to create a flowing silhouette. Lily flowers sewn into the dress bloomed despite the centuries.

He had seen garments like it in Liyue Harbor, in the way that a man lying in the gutters had seen the city lights. The dress made the wealthiest ladies of the capital appear as paupers.

Jackpot—wait, no, why would a dress be here?

Menogias enjoyed making clothes, the stories had said. Jaune cast his mind back to the murals that recounted the last days of Menogias and Bonanus. The squiggles at the top could have been anything from an artist's signature to a bundle of snakes. Or, a flowing ribboned dress.

Shadows loomed over him. Jaune looked up, and found the many giant hands waiting for him at the top of the pit.

"Ah, right… I forgot about you guys," he said, and gulped nervously. That turned into bafflement as the hands continued to stand there without attacking. Wary of a trick, he began climbing out of the pool with great care.

Yet, even as he stood among them, the mud figures remained docile. Or at least, confused. They reached for him from time to time, only to jerk back. Working off of a suspicion, he held out the dress.

The hands in front of him backed off, while the one behind tried to grab him. He ducked under it, and skipped out of the encirclement. They turned to face him, but stayed still.

For whom was the dress made?

"Bonanus, where are you?" the yaksha had said, over and over.

Except, Menogias couldn't even remember her face. And that gave Jaune an idea.

First of all, he needed a better view. The rocket boots sputtered, water-logged, but soon engaged and threw him high. He scanned the cavern with a quick eye. The enemies had replenished a large number again without him to distract Menogias, putting back their progress to pretty much the starting line.

Which was fine. It had been a stupid plan, anyway. Seriously, who came up with it? (He did.)

He found his allies amidst the sea of dull brown by their colors, along with Menogias whose rage had redirected to Zhongli. The closest to him, Fischl, was fighting in close range, her bow firing without rest at giant hands and mud soldiers, while Oz supported her by casting lightning down on the golems from above. Together, they held their own, albeit always a hair's breadth from danger with the situation growing worse as time went on.

It reached a critical juncture, where enemies surrounded them on all sides.

"Oz, lightning!"

"A-Apologies, Mein Fräulein," Oz gasped, his wings flapping weakly. "Just a moment!"

Fischl almost screamed when something fell on her. The fresh spring scent stayed her hand from firing an arrow, and the surge of foes away from her definitely called up questions. She fumbled with the bundle of soft—heavenly so—fabric in order to make heads and tails of it, discovering that it was a dress.

A sword impaled a mud soldier through the head, with Jaune landing on its shoulder to cushion his descent. He rolled off it to land in front of her.

"Yo!"

Fischl perked up. "Jaune! You're alright!"

"I am, but hey, I need your help. Follow me." He punctuated the statement with a wild swing of his sword that did not so much cut as smash one of the giant hands in half, and turned his head. "Hu Tao! HU TAO!" His shout reverberated around the chamber, amplified by the space to a deafening volume.

A hat decorate with a branch of plum flowers peeked above the mud figures in the distance, with the rest of Hu Tao soon rising on a stone pillar, Zhongli on another one.

"We're going about this the wrong way. Time for a new plan!" he called to them, and pointed to the dress. "We'll give him what he wants. Then, let's hold a funeral!"

On some level, Menogias's minions recognized the dress. Which meant he recognized the dress. Lingering spirits could pass on with the help of the living, and they now had an in with the yaksha.

Could it work?

Jaune got his answer as Hu Tao's face lit up with a beaming smile. Drawn by her sudden good mood, a laugh escaped him.

"Everybody, gather up!" he yelled.

While Fischl ran off to find a semi-private spot to get changed, he zoomed across the cavern to regroup with his allies. They didn't have long, as Menogias was in hot pursuit, but a wall created from Zhongli's pillars gave them a momentary reprieve, enough for Jaune to fire off orders.

"Hu Tao!"

"Me!"

"Prepare the grave."

A shovel replaced her staff, held aloft with both hands. "On it~"

He blinked. "Wait, where did— And I didn't mean a literal grave— Oh, what the hell." Bennett scrambled into the huddle, and Jaune summoned his gunlance to fire a shot at the mud figures chasing him, blowing a hole through their ranks. He then promptly shoved the boy out of the huddle. "Bennett, keep the enemies off Hu Tao's back. As for Zhongli—"

"I shall officiate the ceremony," the consultant said. "There are more steps to it than a hole in the ground."

"Right, you do that." He spied Fischl moving toward him while fixing up the dress she had hastily donned, doing her best not to trip over the long garment. "Perfect, it's all coming together."

"And what of you?"

As the barrier keeping back Menogias shook and crumpled, Jaune answered, "It's pretty obvious."

Through hand gestures, he directed Oz to Hu Tao's side of things, then motioned to Fischl. The girl nodded, and followed him without slowing down.

"Chaaaarge!"

Jaune heard Zhongli sigh, and the man's complaints floated after them. "The funeral of an adeptus is one of particular ceremony. Of timing. Tradition. Peace and harmony."

He called back over his shoulder, "Sorry, but I don't understand anything about that, so I'll leave it up to you to figure out. I know you'll pull through!"

Somebody had to keep the yaksha busy. His job was to stand in the gap, and trust in his team.

The pillars gave up the ghost, collapsing. Menogias burst through with a wild roar, the mud rampaging around him in the form of dragons. His encounter with Zhongli had produced within him an all-consuming rage, for reasons Jaune could not begin to fathom.

All quieted, as the yaksha caught sight of Fischl and the dress she wore. The mouth full of ugly fangs fell open, slack-jawed.

Jaune nudged her, and said under his breath. "Show time, Fischl, let's hope this works… The dress looks good on you, by the way."

Fischl hid her face behind one of the gauzy shawls. "Thanks," she said in a small voice. "What should I do?"

Jaune didn't answer her, because he was kind of working on that part himself. Neither of them had a clue of how to imitate the mannerisms of Bonanus.

The point became moot with Menogias scrambling forward. In a blink, he stood before them, and he couldn't look away from the dress. The dress, not Fischl. To Jaune's shock, tears pooled at the corner of the man's eyes. Even the dead could cry.

"Now, I'll know…" the yaksha said—sobbed. "Now, I can be sure… that I will never hurt you…"

The gently spiraling mud behind Menogias told a story, and Jaune watched it play out.

Come the end, the yaksha had known of the fate awaiting him. Having forgotten his companions' faces, he devised a scheme: he would make clothes for them. His best works, that he may never mistake for another craftsman's. A dress for his sister in all but blood was to be the first of his gifts.

"Who are you that stands beside her?"

The hateful hiss crawled up Jaune's spine, and he tore his gaze from the shifting imagery to find the yaksha glaring at him.

"Huh?" Jaune said, eloquently.

A fist smashed into his face, dropping him on his rear. Jaune blinked stars out of his eyes.

"What are your intentions?" demanded Menogias, as he stared down at Jaune.

Oh greeeat, the yaksha had been set off by a different thing now. Save him from overprotective brothers.

"Nothing!" Jaune answered with full honesty. "Bennett is the one you're looking for!"

"What?" Fischl squeaked.

Jaune's protests fell on deaf ears, however. Menogias leapt for him, one hand brandishing his sword. It clanged against Jaune's own. A harsh kick sent him rolling back, which he used to regain his footing, summoning shield to hand as the next blow arrived.

A deflection, and Jaune countered with a swipe at the yaksha's chest, the attack meeting the roiling mud that settled into the shape of a breastplate. Kicking the ground, he created distance from Menogias, a space that the yaksha promptly closed. Their swords met again in a clash, this time forgoing a contest of strength in lieu of rapid strikes that sought the gaps in each other's defenses.

Before it could escalate too far, an arrow shot for the back of the yaksha's head courtesy of Fischl. A part of Jaune hoped for it to land, though he also winced. An assassination was several steps in a different direction from what he had been aiming for with his funeral ploy.

A mud soldier jumped into the arrow's path to put that worry to rest. Menogias sent more of them after Jaune, then whirled around to face the new threat. His eyes widened in disbelief.

"Bonanus?" Menogias said with a quaver in his voice.

"Um…" Fischl, frozen solid with nerves, glanced at Jaune for help. He swiftly dispatched the golems surrounding him and mimed getting rid of his weapon, a suggestion she heeded, hiding her bow behind her back. "It wasn't me."

Menogias broke out in a smile, relieved beyond measure. "No, never. I know you would not."

With the yaksha occupied for the moment (and Fischl feeling very guilty), Jaune checked on the other members of the team. As he had come to expect of them, he saw fire.

Hu Tao ran with her staff twirling in her hand, the tip aflame. Around her, Bennett and Oz scrambled to remove enemies from her path, wheezing for breath as the girl refused to stay still. The fire she cast, as ever, couldn't last long on the mud. The soot remained, however, and taking flight allowed Jaune to survey the design left in Hu Tao's wake—a curving strip full of angular lines that brought to mind a drawn maze, interspersed by scrawling stanzas and paper seals.

With a flourish, the end connected with the beginning, a wide circle now sketched out on the ground.

Hu Tao planted her staff, and slapped her hands together to bow.

"The Homa flames mark the boundary of life and death," she intoned, a soft smile on her lips. "Here stands an altar, a gate for the passing of a soul."

With a rumble, four of Zhongli's stone pillars rose out of the mud. They measured at equal distance, framing the circle Hu Tao made. Jaune let out a gasp as a golden, glowing energy swept along the markings, creating a wall that rose to the ceiling. Paper seals floated in midair, and the design on the ground extended upward to fill the barrier, the scripts flowing in shifting patterns along the surface. Mud golems that attempted to cross from one side to the other smushed against the partition without passing through.

Zhongli landed atop a pillar, and rose to stand upright, his hands clasped behind his back. He turned to look at Jaune.

"It will not hold for long. From this point on, do not let the spirit exit the line."

Jaune nodded. "Got it."

His attention focused once more on Menogias. The yaksha prowled around Fischl, who stood stock still, sweat pouring down her face as she waited for the other shoe to drop.

"Be careful, Bonanus," Menogias said. "A filthy demon ambushed me with an arrow. It lurks nearby, I can sense it."

"H-How terrible." Fischl flinched as spikes of mud stabbed upward right in front of her face.

"I will find them, so do not worry. They will pay."

The culprit to the crime sweated harder. Meanwhile, milky-white eyes rolled in their sockets, until they locked onto the figure floating above.

Cutting off power to the rockets, Jaune dropped out of the air, landing with a thud. He opted for a sword, leaving a hand free—restraining the yaksha mattered more at this stage, and this gave him options.

Menogias shrieked a shrill cry, and bounded forward. Jaune had to race to meet him, so as to keep the yaksha close to the center of the space. Mud rose in the shape of an ocean wave that he flipped over with a rocket-step, coming down with a knee that encountered a thin sheet of mud with the hardness of steel.

The yaksha's hand crashed through the barrier, the mud returning to a fluid form to cover it as a glove, seizing Jaune by the leg. Jaune's face smashed into the ground a second later.

"Wait, Menogias, don't hurt him!" Jaune heard Fischl say. Turning his head to spit out a glob of mud, he saw her grabbing onto the yaksha by the elbow. That didn't seem to be setting him off like the arrow had, thankfully.

The yaksha did actually take a pause at that request, compassion and understanding in his eyes. "Ahahaha, do you wish for a turn at killing the demon, Bonanus?"

"No!" Fischl retorted at once.

"More for me, then." With a spin, the yaksha flung Jaune into the air, shaping twin serpents that chased after him.

A blast of rocket fire moved Jaune aside before a snapping jaw could bite down on him, and he rolled along the serpent's body as its brethren reared back.

"Fischl, distract him!" Jaune instructed.

The second snake launched forward, missing him by a hair and biting the first snake instead. In a flash, the two serpents coiled around one another in a vicious confrontation, their animalistic instincts coming to the fore absent of the yaksha's influence—Fischl had her hands over the yaksha's eyes, covering them.

She removed her hands as Jaune came down, and the first things Menogias saw were the bottom of a pair of boots stomping his face to drive him into the mud. Jaune followed that with a stab of his sword. The tip of the blade pierced through a piece of earthen armor that wasn't there a second ago, sinking into the yaksha's chest to draw out a spurt of black ichor.

Laughing, Menogias grabbed the sword without regard for the sharp blade, and pulled it out. The yaksha then drove a palm against Jaune's solar plexus, and Jaune almost puked at the roiling sensation that arose as he flew back to hit the glowing gold barrier.

"Whoof!" groaned Jaune as he landed on his rear. Then, the realization of where he was hit him, and panic welled up. With Menogias charging at him, he had maybe two seconds before the wall at his back got put to the test.

Surging to his feet, he ran forward with not even a plan, and rammed into Menogias in a painful collision that put them both on the ground. A slender sword attempted to slit his throat again, with Jaune wheezing as his windpipe clenched, cutting off his breath. A fist smashed down on his chest, expelling the air in his lung. Claws clamped around his throat that he slapped aside, a fist driving up at the yaksha's chin to snap his head back. Fischl's presence, the girl sliding to a stop beside them, caused Menogias to hesitate long enough for Jaune to brace his foot against the yaksha and shove him off. He rocketed to the center of the space, and flung [Third Arm] behind him to grab Menogias, the shadowy limb stretching taut like a bungee cord before it pulled the yaksha after him, putting the both of them away from the edges.

The golden wall flared, and inside the barrier, the remaining golems collapsed into simple mud. On the pillar, Zhongli spoke.

"From this point on, do not disturb the energy of the altar."

Jaune said quickly, "Explain that to me."

"Refrain from using that arm again. No flying, either."

His jaw dropped. "Are you kidding me? I really thought this was going to be easier than killing him. What ever happened to flowers and wine?" he whined.

Outside the circle, Hu Tao poked her head out of a hole she was digging.

"We'll get to that!" she called out brightly, to Jaune's unhappy groan.

The circle pulsed again. Zhongli, still in the same even tone, said, "From this point on, do not mar the body."

"What do you mean don't mar the body aaaaAAHHH—!" yelled Jaune.

Despite all his rage, Jaune listened to the request anyway, banishing his sword to go with bare hands as Menogias lunged for him. Well, bare hands and a Fischl. He ducked under the yaksha's swiping claws, and darted toward the girl, dragging her in front of him to forestall an incoming strike from Menogias. The sword stopped an inch from her skin.

Fischl made a high-pitched sound at the back of her throat, eyes crossed looking at the tip of the sword.

"Words cannot describe my regrets in agreeing to this plan," she muttered. Jaune laughed.

"Not much longer, Fischl. You're doing great!"

It bothered him how just that bit of praise got her to flip her attitude. With a small, happy grin now on her lips, Fischl allowed him to hide behind her short frame.

Something that Menogias took issue with.

"Coward!" he screamed, but the Fischl barrier was absolute, stymieing his attempts at getting past. Jaune rather thought it was a good look on him, far better than the other sort of madness that had overtaken the yaksha. He could almost imagine it a game, possibility of death aside, as he and the yaksha circled around and around with the dizzy Fischl in the middle trying to keep track of them. The adamant refusal to hurt the person he believed to be his sister, to the point that he released his sword to let it fall in the mud, spoke well of whatever part of the man that was still left in there.

The yaksha's complete willingness to hurt everyone except her, on the other hand, Jaune would prefer he worked on. A careless slip on the mud slowed Jaune down for a split second, and it was all Menogias needed. The yaksha snaked a hand past Fischl's shoulder to seize him by the shirt, sliding around her to stand between 'Bonanus' and the 'demon'. Or maybe suitor, or even replacement sibling, depending on the avenues and side alleys his madness had taken him.

A sharp crack rang out, the yaksha's fist driven into Jaune's face. Warning of not harming Menogias in mind, Jaune grabbed the arm to try and hold it back. Menogias simply clutched that arm for leverage and clocked him on the chin with his other hand.

Zhongli's voice drifted over. "Be careful. His knuckles are breaking on your face."

Jaune sniffed, saddened by the callousness of the comment.

But I guess that's okay. A smile grew, even as a fist struck him. It hurts, but it won't kill me.

The fist landed again and again, and he held on. Do not let the spirit exit the circle. Do not disturb the energy within. Do not mar the body. Jaune was right where he needed to be to do all three.

Fischl had an arrow nocked and ready to fire, uncaring that it might ruin everything if she could get him free. He shook his head and mouthed a simple 'no'. Through the flashes of pain, he listened for the instructions. A shout from Hu Tao, and the violetgrass that resembled the bluebell flowers of his home spilled out around him and the yaksha. Food and wine followed, which Fischl caught before they hit the ground.

Flowers for the dead. Offerings to ease their journey.

The altar circle emitted a hum, and the color of gold brightened to a crescendo. A mantra, a poem, echoed around the chamber, chanted in a lively and singsong cadence.

Even then, Menogias did not relent in his madness. A fist loomed before Jaune's eyes.

But that was okay. It would hurt, but it wouldn't kill him.

Something heard the thought inside his head, and responded. A barrier, a shield, his soul. It expanded outward beyond his body, and for a flicker of a second held back the yaksha's might.

As the shield cracked, the cavern became awash in color at the completion of the ceremony. The air took on the sweet scent of violetgrass, and for a moment, they stood in a field of flowers, the moon softly shining down from above.

Reality reasserted, and once more they were inside the undersea cavern.

The churning, shifting mud had calmed, flowing as river streams and absent the aroma of rot. Coldness did not soak into the bones as before, the oppressive atmosphere gone. The altar circle pulsed with a gentle rhythm. Hu Tao, Zhongli, and Bennet stood outside the barrier, each with their hands placed together as they bowed their heads.

The hand seizing him relaxed its hold, and Jaune looked into clear eyes of golden brown. The ugly fangs had vanished to leave a kind and dignified face. Menogias inhaled a breath as if it was the first he had ever taken, reveling in the sensation.

The swish of fabric drew their gazes, and Menogias gasped as he saw the dress he sewed, drinking in the sight of it. Then, his eyes drifted up to the face of the person wearing the dress, and amazement faded to understanding.

"Ah. You are not her."

Spoken softly, his voice carried no trace of madness, only a thousand years of longing.

Fischl shook her head, and blinked back tears. "I'm sorry, I-I'll take this off right away. I didn't mean to offend."

The yaksha raised a hand.

"No, I…" He looked around the cavern, as if to hope against hope, then back to her. "I am glad to see it worn at last. Thank you. It suits you."

Behind Menogias, the river streams of mud coalesced into images.

The yaksha presented to his sister the dress. In the throes of inspiration, he had committed an old mistake and the dress turned out too big and fluttery on her slight frame. For Bonanus, wracked by her own burgeoning insanity, what would have once resulted in a small amount of annoyance grew to an incandescent rage. And for Menogias, when she rejected the garment, he could not muster a smile to the stranger whose face he did not recognize. A battle broke out, of which neither escaped alive.

Menogias closed his eyes, and the imagery transformed one last time.

To a scene of five figures on a mountain peak, a great tree casting its shade over them as they spent an afternoon together. A memory of days when they were still a family, and happy. The yaksha's fondest wish.

"Where has the time gone?" he asked, opening his eyes to fix Jaune with a calm gaze. He did not need to voice the request.

Jaune looked to Hu Tao.

"Finally, a fire. A cleansing fire to burn away our regrets," was her instruction.

The gunlance settled in his hands. Jaune braced it under an arm, and hooked a finger around a small lever at the top of the handle.

Inside, there came the sound of fluids rushing from one chamber to another. At the tip, a small spark ignited to set fire to the fuel, and the metal barrel of the gunlance heated up to a cherry red glow to match the weapon's scaly hide.

He never thought his first use of wyvernfire would be for something so gentle.

A jet of white-hot flames shot out of the gunlance to engulf Menogias, who displayed neither pain nor intention to dodge. Rather, he nodded to Jaune, and thanked him.

In the end, the drowned yaksha faded to ashes with a sad smile on his face, accepting this fate.



Beneath the sunshine, Jaune walked alone along a dirt road. Fields of tall silvergrass lined the path, and they rustled in the breeze.

Ahead of him sat his destination, a dilapidated hut set among the hills, but his attention lay elsewhere. A bemused air hung around him as he held a hand in front of his face, studying the object dangling from it on a string.

The subsequent search of the drowned yaksha's cavern had yielded more artifacts and treasures under the mud, which had meant that he got to keep the spear and pocket watch he found, along with this. It only made sense, the others had said, since it went as a set with the watch.

The little bell on the mask jangled a melodious note, and something about the sound just put him in a good mood. Cast in the shape of a fox's face, complete with two pointy ears, the Summer Night's Mask resembled what one would find at a festival, made of paper and cloth that nevertheless refused to tear. Colored in red and gold, it had a ribbon and a bell adorning one side that could be taken off to be worn as a hair ornament. Hu Tao assured him that it did not look silly when he put it on.

He'd keep it, even without the magical power it imparted. He liked the sound of the bell, among other things.

Coming up to the dilapidated hut, he stowed away the mask and entered the small room within. Ruined furniture greeted him. A ratty mat, and a broken chair. A squat earthen stove, crumpled on one side. The ashes in the stove had long stained the ground beneath. It was a place that nobody would think to linger in.

The portal flickered to life as it detected his presence, unfolding into a tear within the fabric of reality. His way home.

Jaune stood before it, and breathed deeply.

He was… He was ready. After his time away, with days to center himself, he could face Lisa with patience and grace.

He had had his own experiences, an adventure that she was not a part of. He'd tell her most of it, of course. Most, but not all. Bouts of stupidity. Reckless actions. Events that would diminish him in her eyes, and that he would rather she not hear about.

And… some things were his, and his alone. His heart. His story. Moments to hold, and never reveal to another soul.

He didn't owe it to her to tell her everything. Everybody told lies, sometimes.

What Lisa chose to say to him about her life, he would accept. Nothing beyond that.

The portal snapped into place, and through it a hazy image formed of a studio apartment, one with four gray walls and a white ceiling. The time seemed to not align perfectly, as it was dark and he saw no movements. The others must be asleep.

Nevertheless, warmth spread throughout his heart. It was good to be—

"Boo!"

Jaune nearly jumped out of his skin, his inventory cycling through his hands until he was left holding Red Rook and a screwdriver for defense. He spun around, and Hu Tao ducked her head so fast to dodge the screwdriver that she left her hat wobbling in the air. Jaune caught it.

"Hee-hee. Did I scare you?" Hu Tao said with a laugh while squatting on the ground. "Oh, and, can I get my hat back?"

He responded by silently raising the hat high out of Hu Tao's reach, forcing the girl to hop up and down with her arms outstretched in futility.

Past the indignant Hu Tao, two blonds poked their heads into the building.

"Ahaha… hi, boss," Bennett said, one hand rubbing the back of his head. He perked up at the sight of the portal. "Whoa, hang on, what is that?"

Fischl slipped inside the room, moving to stand beside Jaune in a flash and jittering with excitement. "That is obvious. It can be none other than a route to the Immernachtreich!"

"Let us not get ahead of ourselves, Mein Fräulein," admonished Oz. The raven glided around the room, before settling down on the broken chair.

Bennett strode over to them, asking, "What if it goes somewhere else? Are there enemies on the other side? Do you need help, boss?"

Fischl whirled on him, stomping her foot.

"No! It must lead to the Immernachtreich, and they are certain to greet us with open arms."

The two fell into argument, with Jaune's head ping-ponging back and forth as he followed the conversation. Meanwhile, Hu Tao complained in his ear about proper hat care, and demanded he treat her hat with a gentler hand.

"What are you all doing here?"

His question cut through the din.

They had already said their farewells.

First at Liyue Harbor's finest restaurant, where they enjoyed a celebration of their success, and in memory of a yaksha. A feast afforded with the filthy lucre—literally so—from their recent adventure.

Then, at the city gates that morning.

"Zhongli sent us," Hu Tao explained, as Jaune placed her hat back on her head. "He had a gift for you."

With that, she darted over to Bennett and rummaged in the bag he carried. The search returned with a letter and an elegant silk pouch, both of which she handed to Jaune.

He unfolded the letter first.


Payment enclosed. For the consequences.​


Huh. Nice of the guy. He had been glad to put Menogias to rest and already got his loot from the endeavor, but more was always welcome.

He moved on to the pouch, untying the strings and turning it upside down. Two objects slipped out onto his open palm.

"And where was he hiding this?" Jaune mused. In his hand rested two items of a design not unfamiliar to him, their little bells chiming.

Hu Tao gave a carefree shrug. "He collects all sorts of old stuff. Always has a long-winded story about their history, too."

"Ugh, I would have listened! He should have passed this over yesterday!" Jaune complained, lamenting a lost opportunity. Shaking his head, he deposited the dart and water balloon in his Pocket. How those counted as artifacts made even less sense to him than the broken clock.

Fischl and Bennett, who had been waiting in barely-restrained anticipation, saw their chance and they clamored for him to listen to them.

"Jaune, boss, can we go to the other side of that gate?" Bennett begged. "Just for a little bit?"

"Please, can we?" Fischl pleaded.

The mirth slipped from his face. Jaune shuffled awkwardly.

"I'm sorry, but that isn't possible."

"But—"

He held up a hand to forestall the protest. "The problem is the coordinates. I don't have it so once the portal closes, there's every chance it never opens here again."

The look on their faces affirmed why he hadn't wanted to say anything about this before. Better for them to think they would catch him out there, somewhere. That it wouldn't be goodbye.

"Hey, boss?" Bennett asked in a subdued voice. "You said that you would 'see us around'. Were you…"

Lying, the word went unspoken. Jaune brought one hand up, and rubbed his neck. He found it hard to meet their eyes.

"I don't know. Maybe. "

A somber hush overtook the room, the mood having plummeted until it struck bedrock. The sight of Fischl hunching her shoulders, shrinking herself small, stabbed him right in his guilty conscience. Bennett was even worse, looking about to cry.

But then, Hu Tao clapped her hands together to shatter the silence.

"Well, who can say how life goes before the end," she said. "I'll choose to stay optimistic."

Jaune wiped at his eyes for no particular reason, and raised his head. "Yeah, I guess I will, too. Thanks, Hu Tao."

"Because—"

Oh, she wasn't done. Jaune coughed into his hand, and acted like he hadn't said anything.

Hu Tao ran outside the hut, and returned lugging a large and bulky object. The lacquered wood spoke of fine craftsmanship, the scent of pine very calming. The box seemed the right size to fit a person inside.

Placing it down, she pointed at him. "You represent my first point of contact in another world! So here, a fully complimentary coffin for you where I would have merely offered you half off five minutes ago. Just be sure to tell your friends and neighbors all about it, okay? I need their patronage to earn back the cost on this."

Hu Tao shoved the coffin into his arms, giving him no chance of refusal. She then spun to face away, her hands clasped behind her back.

"No matter which path each of us travel on, I know that we will end up in the same place again," she said with complete, honest belief.

Voice thick with emotion and arms full of coffin, Jaune murmured, "Hu Tao… do you have to be so morbid?"

The girl laughed a lively, singsong laugh. And with a hop and a skip, that was the last he ever saw of Hu Tao, the 77th Director of the Wangsheng Funeral Parlor.

The others, however, did not share in her outlook. To them, a parting was a sad thing, and to Jaune's consternation, both Fischl and Bennett had tears in their eyes as they tried to smile.

He lingered there for who knew how long, talking with them. A short few days had been enough to make wonderful memories, and they wanted to recount it from beginning to end, so that at the finish, they could say a proper farewell.

They had gotten to their second day in Liyue harbor when they began to hear the sound of rain.

"Do you remember the meat buns—" A flash of lightning interrupted him, so Jaune started over. "Do you remember the meat buns we had before we set out? Know what I think would go well with it? A bit of plum wine."

Bennett gagged, causing Jaune to defend his words.

"Hey now, I'll admit Spirytus was a bad choice for your first time, but not all alcohol is like that." Lightning flashed again. "There are mellower options that I think you'll enjoy."

"I dunno, boss…"

Before Bennett could say more on the matter, a funeral director dashed inside the hut, and Jaune facepalmed.

"Oh come on, Hu Tao. Didn't we just have a really sweet parting five minutes ago? Did you have to ruin it?"

And with a hop and a skip, that was the last he ever saw…

She made a liar out of him.

Undeterred, Hu Tao beelined toward him. "Nevermind that," she said in a hurry, bouncing on her heels. "Jaune, buddy, pal. I'm just wondering, how big is your place?"

He cocked an eyebrow at the insistent expression she was giving him.

"A bit small. Why?"

A closer look at her caused him to frown. Was it his imagination, or did Hu Tao seem a little… singed? And the dark red glow of her Aura was flickering around her body, like it would give out at any moment.

"Oh, it's nothing important. I really want to stay at your house, that's all." Lightning boomed, and she squeaked in fright. Afterward, she tried to play it off with a smile, sweating profusely. "You would not believe the killer weather out there." She glanced over her shoulder, then looked back at him.

Jaune walked past her to the exit, to the sound of thunder, and peeked outside. He thought it had gotten darker. The day had turned to a full-blown storm, clear skies now rumbling, gray clouds engulfing the sun.

As if taking offense to him showing his face, lightning bolts struck in quick succession all over the area. Jaune pulled his head inside, and wished he had a door to close.

Whatever problem with him the sky had, the five zaps since last night hadn't settled the matter. Rather, it was now spreading that ire outward.

Uncertain eyes greeted his return.

"It could be bad luck," he said.

Hu Tao shook her head, and held up two fingers. The number of times she got struck, he supposed.

"Maybe it's just you," he tried.

Hu Tao looked at Bennett and Fischl, and flourished her hands toward the exit. "Want to test it out?"

Both youths shook their heads robotically in a mirror of Hu Tao earlier. Jaune heaved a heavy breath.

"There's time. We'll figure it out, and come up with something better than you being stuck in another world."

"Uhhh, Jaune?" Fischl raised her hand. "I don't want to die by lightning," she said.

"Noted. Avoiding that goes right to the top of the list of our priorities, trust me."

"And…" She fidgeted. "If we have to, your portal isn't a bad option."

Next to her, Bennett chimed in. "Yeah, I wouldn't mind an adventure."

"That's because you two aren't quite getting it," Jaune replied. "Even if I find a way to locate this place again, it might be years in the future that you come back. If ever. You're going to be separated from everyone you've ever known. Friends. Family. Archnemesis."

Hu Tao tapped him on the shoulder, and once she had his attention, she daintily pointed a finger out the door. "The storm outside doesn't bode well for our time with loved ones in this world, either. Hee-hee."

Bennett nodded. "Uh huh, that was pretty much my thought, too. I'd rather my dads maybe see me years from now than definitely never again."

"Ah. So you did consider that," Jaune said to himself.

"You're the only one who didn't, boss."

"Did you just sass me?" So proud.

Hu Tao interrupted, "Look, I know a guy who might be the guy." That got an intrigued look from Jaune. "I'm sure we can take a small, temporary vacation while he…maybe… hopefully… negotiate on our behalf with other powers that be."

"Are you talking about Zhongli?" he asked.

She made finger guns at him, a gesture he taught her. "Exactly. I've always got a feeling he was more than he seems. I'm sure now that he risks never enjoying my excellent company again, he'd have no choice but to get off his butt and do something."

Jaune harbored many doubts on that. Still, if it meant they had a way back…

Then, he supposed today was not a day to say goodbye.


-o-​


It was the dead of night in the apartment, when Lisa Wilbourn heard what sounded like a stampede. Some might panic, but living with Jaune Arc had taught her to take such things in stride. Usually, it could be chalked down to him as the culprit.

Which meant, that he was back. Ugh. What a bother. Lisa poked her head out of her blanket.

"Are you back already? What, can't handle it… without… me?"

She saw Jaune Arc. She also saw a whole bunch of strangers that he definitely did not depart with back when he went on his trip.

Jaune spotted her, recognized the look on her face, and gave a nervous wave.

"Eh heh. S-Surprise!"

To that, Lisa… smiled.

For most, it would seem a good sign.

Jaune gulped, and pulled at his shirt collar.


Universe: Genshin Impact.
Location: Liyue. Event: The Drowned Yaksha
Loot: Wind glider, Mora gold coins (x1336), Mystic Enhancement Ore (36), primogems (x160), Dragon's Bane (spear), Summer Night's Moment (stopped clock), Summer Night's Mask (fox mask), Summer Night's Waterballoon (water balloon), Summer Night's Finale (dart), plant samples (violetgrass, glaze lily, qingxin, silk flower, horsetail, jueyun chili), starconch seashell (x1), paper seals (guaranteed twice as cozy), Geo Vision, osmanthus wine, plum wine, various foods, knowledge of dynamite (Rare), coffin

~Ting-a-ling~ Bennett the adventurer has joined the party!
~Ting-a-ling~ Fischl the delulu has joined the party!
~Ting-a-ling~ Hu Tao the funeral director has joined the party!​


Author's Notes: (⩌_⩌) (⩌_⩌) (⩌_x) (°ヮ°) (*ᗜ*) ᓚ₍ ^. .^₎


Sure hope miHoyo never gets around to putting out the lore that would contradict all this.
And that they someday forgive Jaune's trespass.
Eh, they probably will, whenever the next Hu Tao banner comes around.

.

Jaune—Let's hope everything blew over in my absence.
Tattletale—I'm now madder than ever!
Last edited: Jan 8, 2026
Stories:
QQ Sneaking His Way into the Multiverse , a RWBY Jaune, WC-lite mechanics story.
Other RWBY stories on AO3 or FF - Yakuza Arc | Conquered Menagerie: Annals of the Sixth Kingdom | Cat, Bunny, and the Good Ship Honey Starbright | The Agent
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:m213, Amdiranifani, Amrynel and 441 others
LazyAutumnMoon
Jan 8, 2026
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 66: Who Am I
View content
LazyAutumnMoon
LazyAutumnMoon
We all need Sundancer in our life.
JoinedJun 7, 2024
Messages289
Likes received68,284
Jan 17, 2026
Add bookmark
#5,320

Chapter 66: Who Am I
​


The apartment in another world felt like home.

Had he ever said that before? Probably.

And yet, at no time did that hold more truth than today. The clock struck midnight, and a roaring din allowed no sleep.

"Ooooh, what does this do? And what does that do?" a young woman marveled as she scurried from one kitchen appliance to another, her long twintails bouncing.

"That's a microwave to heat up food. Don't stick your head in it. The other is… nominally a rice cooker, that also does everything else. Don't stick your head in that, either."

"I see!"

The young woman stuck her head in it, before moving on.

She poked and prodded, oohed and ahhed. In her wake, gadgets played a disorderly song of beeps and clicks and dings, their lights flashing. She seemed to find great amusement in these effects, the eagerness to see what else laid in store for her only rising over time.

Alas, that enthusiasm stalled out with the errant press of a button.

Whiiiiiir!

The blender revved to life, wailing its unholy screech to scare the daylight out of Hu Tao. In a flash, she snatched her hand away from the controls and beat a hasty retreat to the other side of the kitchen, where she took cover behind the counter. A flat-top hat and a pair of eyes poked above the edge, observing the mechanical contraption with a wary edge in a manner not unlike that of a cat.

Nearby, Bennett rummaged among the boxes and crates of supplies to retrieve the assorted knickknacks from his bags that he had accidentally spilled all over the place, the boy apologizing whenever he knocked into something with an elbow or a container fell on his head. Every once in a while, curiosity led him to hold up a random object to ask Jaune what it was, the answers only half-heard due to the racket made by Escha as she chased after Oz with a strange glint of determination in her eyes. Bird and felyne raced round and round, scrambling from couch to table to cabinets, with Escha's fur standing on ends since she kept trying to touch the crackling electricity that formed the raven's body.

"What manner of sacred artifact is—Eep!"

And that, was Fischl discovering the dildo-bat Jaune left in the corner.

Jaune took great care to keep his face neutral, feigning unawareness. Inwardly, he cursed his past self. Of course that thing was going to come back to bite him someday.

Thankfully, Fischl was more concerned with whether anybody had seen her holding the long, veiny bat than questioning why it was there in the first place, blonde hair swishing as she whipped her head to and fro to check. Flexible silicone shook with the motion, reeling her attention back in. Her eyes reflexively roamed along its length, up and down. A beat later, it occurred to her that she was still touching the… member, at which point her face turned to a tomato red hue. One would believe the bat scalding hot to the touch with the way she cast it back to its resting place. Unfortunately, her actions hadn't been very subtle.

"Oho? What was that, Fischl, what did you just—Eep!"

And thus, the dildo-bat claimed another innocent pair of eyes.

Hu Tao could blush. Who knew?

As pandemonium reigned, Jaune stood back, giving the newcomers the freedom to carry on in much the same manner as he once did for Escha. Put in the shoes of those who lived in a different era, he imagined the apartment must resemble a sort of treasure chest, utterly irresistible. Full of discoveries beyond their wildest dreams, just waiting for them to open up and look. (Complete with a few nasty surprises ready to spring on them, because—whoops—the chest was actually a mimic.)

It would be their home for the foreseeable future. He'd prefer they saw it as a place where they could be themselves, and not a prison.

"What a… colorful group of people you've brought back," came a voice next to him.

He glanced to the side. Lisa stood there, having gone largely unnoticed by everyone else given her quiet air, her hair tousled from sleep. Silk robes hung off of one shoulder, tied loosely with a sash. She watched over the various ongoings with a saccharine smile that set his teeth on edge.

"They're great," he said quickly. "You'll love them. Now, how about some proper introductions?"

The complexion of her face had improved since last he saw her, and judging from items strewn about the room, she had at one point or another stopped spending the whole day in bed. That spelled good news for the state of her mind and heart. Yet, the book that started all the troubles remained in her firm grasp, the pages scuffed from far too much handling than was healthy. Moreover, a sense of lethargy still hung about her, dull eyes and slumped shoulders where a cheeky confidence belonged.

"I don't care. I think I'd rather—" she began, but he barreled over it to keep talking.

"Come on, let's start with our best foot forward," he said in encouragement, in part trying to push matters along before he lost the initiative. Lisa sometimes had a bit of a thing about strangers, in that they made perfectly acceptable targets for her to pry into with her powers and spill all their secrets, as opposed to the boon companions for whom she spared a measure of mercy (on occasion). Couple that with her current attitude, where she seemed just about done with it all? The sooner he moved Bennett, Fischl, and Hu Tao into the friend column, the lower the chance of words said that could never be taken back.

"Hey, all of you! Gather round for a bit. You too, Escha. I brought gifts."

Cat ears flicked, and Escha skidded to a stop. She spun to look at him with her mouth open wide, pointing to herself as if to say, for me? At his nod, she dashed over on all fours.

Hesitation set in as she came near. Thoughts of presents gave way to a different concern. Her steps slowed to a crawl, with her sending peeks around his legs.

"Jaune?" she asked with some trepidation. "You didn't bring back a dead body, did you?"

He blinked, and turned to look at what had her so worried. A coffin rested against the back of the couch, looming behind him.

"What, this? Oh, no no." He reached over, opening up the lid to show nothing inside, smiling to soothe the cat. "This is for me."

Tears began to pool at the corners of Escha's eyes. "...Jaune, are you going to die?"

Above her head, he sent a certain girl a deadpan stare, gesturing at the cat as proof that funerary-themed presents would never catch on. An unrepentant wink was the answer he received.

A sigh, and he said, "From how I hear it, everyone will someday."

"Geeze, that's a hell of a morbid thing to spring on a cat," Lisa remarked in a quiet tone.

"Gifts," he reminded them. "Let's focus on that."

Kneeling down, his hand swept over the floor, summoning flowers as he went, collected from mountains high and valleys low throughout his trip. From the wispy, pale petals of silk flowers to the ethereal glow surrounding the glaze lilies, they formed a tableau of many colors, as fresh as the very moment he picked them. Escha practically lit up at the sight, picking up an armful at once to breathe in the out of this world fragrance.

"Like them?" He got a nod. "Here, take this, too."

He passed her a seashell, a starconch shell from the Yaoguang Shoal, named for the five-pointed encrustments dotting its spiral surface. At his prompting, Escha held it up to her ear.

Confusion spread across her face, and she removed the shell, staring at it. Then, she pressed it harder to her ear. Despite the insurmountable distance, the sound of another world's ocean echoed within the shell.

He nudged her. "Cool, right?"

Escha agreed. Very cool.

By now, the newcomers had more or less formed a row in front of his little team, Bennett leaning on the dining table, Hu Tao bold and brash at the center, while Fischl lingered half a step back from them with Oz on her shoulder. For reasons unclear to him, their eyes trained on Escha with an unnerving focus, even more than an adorable and oh so fluffy long-haired cat measuring up to Jaune's thigh should garner. Still, since he deemed it as good a place to start as any, he set Lisa's presents aside for later and indicated the felyne.

"Everyone, meet Escha. A felyne, and a certified Palico of the Guild of Monster Hunters—"

"And she talks!" Fischl blurted out, unable to suppress the thought any longer.

"So does your bird," Lisa scoffed under her breath. Jaune frowned, and nudged her with an elbow. She… did not like that, judging from the glare.

Breaking off from her gaze, he turned back to Fischl. "You have Oz and I remember someone here talking with urns." That earned him a strange look from Lisa. "So yeah, I think your world has us beat on that front."

Oz the raven cleared his throat, chiming in, "You would find that most in Teyvat consider me an oddity. I cannot comment on the proclivities of Hu Tao, however." Hu Tao poked him, a mild reproach for his phrasing. A spark zapped her on contact and she hastily pulled her hand away. It made Jaune laugh as he continued speaking.

"It isn't seen as strange in Escha's world. Cats there go into battle alongside humans, and they're a deft hand at a lot of things." He jerked a thumb toward the window. "The garden is all her work, and she makes a number of devices that you might be interested in." Escha preened as he talked her up. "I visited her world a while back, and she chose to come along for the ride. Consider her your senior adventurer." That last part gained him a few dubious gazes, but it paid to establish the pecking order early on. He then addressed Fischl, who looked about ready to pounce. "She welcomes scritches, by the way."

"Always," Escha said with utmost seriousness. In a show of magnanimity, she offered up her chin, with Fischl descending at once to pet her.

"Does thou prefer this spot? Or this?" the girl asked, entranced by the soft fur. "Surely, thou art the cutest in all the land."

"You are, too!" Escha happily returned the praise, and Fischl almost died then and there.

Jaune left the pair to get acquainted, standing up. With a flourish, he introduced the girl next to him.

"And this, is Lisa Wilbourn, who also goes by Tattletale out in the field. She's my partner, and has been here since nearly the beginning of my travels."

At first glance, she must present as nothing special. A girl in need of sleep, with a sad cast to her looks that she couldn't quite conceal. Jaune wished that they could have seen her at her best, those days when she decided she was going to utterly ruin someone that deserved it.

Credits to her, she mustered an effort. A semblance of a grin, not very vulpine, appeared on her face that would fool those unfamiliar to her. A hand went on a cocked hip. "That's me. Kept him alive, gave him advice," Lisa airily listed out while checking her nails. "Handle the books, crunch the numbers. I do most of the thinking around here."

"Don't listen to her. I come up with half our plans." The risky ones that fail. "She does know a lot, though. If you have a question about how the stuff in this room works, she's the best one to ask." He was forgetting something… "Oh, right, and she has superpowers."

"Super… powers?" Hu Tao said, mulling on the term.

Jaune considered how to explain. "Think of it as a Vision, without needing a Vision. Instead, it's entirely within a person. Magic, if you want to call it that."

Understanding dawned, and she dropped a fist onto her palm. "Is that what the weird feeling in the back of my mind is? Aiya, you should have mentioned it," Hu Tao admonished, shaking her head. "I thought I caught an illness."

"Say what?"

Lisa cut in with a snort of amusement. "She's talking about [Blank] and [Mind Defense]. We bought the option to share them, remember? It would have activated when you dragged them here. How did you forget this?"

He winced, detecting the rebuke in her tone even if hidden behind a joking demeanor. In fairness, she was right that it completely passed from his mind, what with other, more pressing concerns occupying his attention.

"Okay, at least we know the cause, and it's nothing to worry about. I'll run through the details with all of you later," he told Hu Tao. His eyes narrowed. "And don't poke at it in the meantime."

He meant that as a jest, but it found a distracted audience. Hu Tao was gazing at Lisa with an inscrutable expression, one that Lisa interpreted with far better accuracy than him. It may be his imagination, but Lisa seemed to bristle.

Then, all of a sudden, the moment passed with Hu Tao breaking eye contact to beam at him.

"Too late. I already did it lots," she said. "What did you expect? You can't just leave things lying around unpoked, silly!"

He breathed a sigh. "I suppose that's just to be expected of you. Anyway, with me, this is the team as it stands. Boy, girl, cat. For various reasons, we've been going from world to world with the apartment serving as our base, although that last part should change soon."

Jaune panned his gaze around the room. Furniture, equipment, supplies, garden. The apartment had filled up over the months. Now, with three more people in the space, the cramped state of it had grown impossible to ignore.

"It's about time we find a bigger place."

"Sorry to have barged in, boss," said Bennett, catching on that, yes, their unplanned presence wasn't as trouble-free as Jaune had led them to believe while on the other side of the portal.

He waved it off. "Ahhh, quit fretting about that small stuff. It's—how does it go again, Lisa? Say lay something. Life happened. I wasn't going to leave you to get struck by lightning, and you didn't want to be there for it, either." He caught another questioning look from Lisa. "I'll explain that part later. Anyway, Bennett, you're up."

The other boy startled.

"Me?" He glanced left and right in the hopes for a volunteer to materialize out of thin air and go first. No luck, and with Jaune egging him on, he shuffled forward.

Dressed in shorts and short-sleeved shirt, Bennett could pass for a modern era boy. A person that Jaune spared a glance at, at best, on the city streets. Less colorful than others, and ordinary as they come. A fine choice to ease Lisa and Escha into the idea of new team members.

Bennett darted his eyes around, attention never staying long on any one thing. Shifting in a self-conscious manner, he said, "Okay. Right. Uhhh, something about myself. I didn't have parents, and my dad found me in the mountains."

Jaune nodded, and turned to Lisa. "That's right, and he works as…" He whipped his head back toward Bennett. "Wait, seriously?"

"Yup. It might have been inside a volcano, too."

"What an exciting start to your life," Hu Tao commented. Jaune waited for her to make a horribly bleak comment, but she only left Bennett with a simple "Good on you."

Seeming unused to remarks of that sort, Bennett rubbed the back of his head, overtaken by a bout of shyness. "Aw, thanks." The hand ran through ashen blonde hair that stuck up in a wild mess, tossed and turned by the wind without an effort at fixing it. "It's a pretty high bar for an adventure, even if I was too young to remember. To this day, I'm still trying to top it."

"Hence you joining the Adventurer's Guild at this age," Jaune reasoned. "Well, you will probably get that wish if you stick with us. Now that I can admit it without causing issues, I was downplaying those stories I told you on the road."

If the thought of being lied to offended the other boy, the promise of wilder tales of derring-do made up for it. Growing comfortable enough to regain his gutsy spark, Bennett bent at the waist in a bow directed at Jaune, Lisa, and Escha.

"I look forward to it," he declared, then turned to Lisa. "And I look forward to your guidance, miss. Boss told us a lot about you."

The remark took Lisa by surprise, but she soon recovered to offer him a sweet and soft smile. "Is that so?" A giggle invited laughter in kind. "I can see Jaune has left an impression on you."

Needless to say, everything about that rang the alarm bells in his head. She was overplaying her act, and he watched her with no small amount of concern.

"Now, who is this?" Lisa asked, and with that question she neatly seized the momentum of the conversation, leaning down to address a girl heretofore content to pamper a cat with pets, singling her out.

Where Bennett blended in, Fischl captured the eye. If she walked the city streets, people might mistake her for a student of the Huntsman Academies. An abundance of lace, frills, and fishnet compensated for the subdued purple and black colors of her dress. Very bold, in a way that contrasts her meeker moments.

Thrust into the spotlight, Fischl bloomed. Her posture straightened with aristocratic grace, and she tossed back her hair. A smirk found its way onto her lips.

(Meanwhile, the Hu Tao who was left ignored on the sideline bustled off to do her own thing, rummaging in the voluminous sleeves of her jacket. Jaune kept half an eye on her, just in case she got up to mischief.)

Fischl inhaled a breath, before introducing herself. "Among the myriad stars, one shines above all: the Immernachtreich," she said with a solemn hand placed over her heart, the eye not covered by an eyepatch closing. "I am its sovereign, Fischl, who some call the Prinzessin der Verurteilung. In my many lives, it is not often that I encounter such a manse as thine, resplendent in its mysteries yet welcoming to all guests." Eyes opened, and she swept an arm out in a grand fashion. "I extend to thee my utmost compliments!"

"Mein Fräulein means to say, you have a wonderful home and she is thankful that you have invited her to a sleepover," said the bird on her shoulder, to much sputtering from the girl.

"Oz, I am not lonely!"

"Please recall that I did not say you were, milady."

Amidst the argument between owner and pet/retainer/sentient lightning, Lisa observed the younger girl with wary focus. Her gaze lingered on the bright green of Fischl's one visible eye. Drifted to the head of blonde hair. They zeroed in on the hand ruffling and brushing through that very same hair, watching how it tucked stray locks back in their proper place.

Jaune took his hand away. "Whoops, didn't even know I was doing that."

"I don't mind," Fischl broke off from speaking with Oz to say in a small voice.

The girl maintained her long hair with great care, though its occasional frizziness due to stray zaps of her Electro powers vexed her to no end, Jaune had learned. And like a bad habit, some instincts never go away.

Having arrived at a conclusion, Lisa turned to him. "I'm sensing a certain pattern." She shooed away the hovering Hu Tao, and continued to give Jaune a dull, half-lidded stare. "Is there something you want to confess?"

"Total coincidence," he denied.

"Uh-huh," was her skeptical reply.

Fischl saved him from further scrutiny. "Indeed, it is a most incredible confluence of fate. Perhaps the blood of royalty, too, does flow in your veins to explain our similar features, Lisa. For history attests, oft have my kindred found themselves cast beyond the veil between the worlds, exiled to far-flung reaches by those that stalks fair Immernachtreich. Who can guess where they may settle?"

"Are you in the market for a little sister, Lisa?" Jaune interpreted, to Fischl's yelp of surprise. He bumped his shoulder with Lisa's, making the pitch in place of the younger girl. "She's not just an adventurer, but also an investigator for the Adventurer's Guild. Your skills kind of overlap with hers, while she and her familiar Oz make for a pretty solid guard detail. I can imagine her assisting you when we go traveling."

The falsely sweet smile once more greeted him.

"I'll think about it," Lisa demurred. "I am wondering why she is talking like that, though."

The remark jogged his memory, and Jaune snapped his fingers. "Oh yeah, I didn't tell you. Get this, she came from a different world than Bennett and Hu Tao before ending up there. An old-timey one where people still use thou and thee. Cool, isn't it?"

"Except she slips all the time," Lisa muttered. Jaune didn't quite follow what she was referring to, but he did catch the flash of hurt crossing Fischl's face.

"I think we've traveled to enough places to know that anything is possible out there in the universe, Lisa," he said, a trace of reproach coloring his words.

"Some mysteries have simple answers." Lisa dismissed the matter, turning her head. "And excuse me, but what are you doing? Please stop."

Upon being addressed, the last of the newcomers pulled back her measuring tape. She jotted down a note on a piece of paper, and that too she tucked inside her sleeve.

"Hee-hee. My apologies, dear client," said Hu Tao. Even with her flat cap, she stood a little shorter than Lisa. "Since you were so engrossed with your conversation, I thought I might use the chance to, how do you say, dig two graves with one shovel?" She pressed her palms together, and tilted her head. Her long twintails trailed nearly to the floor. "Hu Tao, the 77th Director of the Wangsheng Funeral Parlor, at your service. Do you have time today to finish the fitting? My schedule has freed up, so I can squeeze you in right away."

"Did you mean that in a literal sense, or…" Jaune trailed off.

Hu Tao laughed. "Of course not! A coffin takes time if you want to do it properly. I can't just knock one out on short notice to put her in there."

Lisa opened her mouth. Closed it. She studied Hu Tao, then the nearby coffin.

With rings on her fingers, bracelets on her wrists, and painted nails, it wouldn't be unfair to call Hu Tao gaudy, and that carried over to the red irises and flower-shape pupils of her eyes. This impression clashed hard with the suit she wore that ran more along a theme of elaborate formality, creating a mess of confusion for most. In Lisa's case, the truth shone through.

"You're completely serious. This isn't a prank," she stated, earning a nod.

"My pride allows no less," said Hu Tao. "Everybody coming through my doors is offered the Wangsheng guarantee, that every body coming through my doors gets the best of care. And that starts with a proper coffin. From fine wood without a speck of rot to lacquer applied by brush and hand, our process ensures quality at each step for the last bed you will ever sleep on."

A chip cracked in her mask, and Lisa replied flatly, "I'll pass, thanks. Color me optimistic, but there's at least a few good years left in me before I turn old and decrepit."

Hu Tao sighed at the quick rejection.

"Aiya, we have a tough customer here." She walked over to Jaune's coffin. "I don't normally do this because the wrong size might lend you a mistaken impression, but since my regular stock isn't available…" Hu Tao put on a five-star service smile, and opened up the coffin lid. "Would you like to test out the product for a trial period?"

Was it strange that it annoyed him, seeing her make that offer with his coffin? It wasn't like he intended to put it to use for anything.

A beat, and Lisa reached out to gently push the lid shut. "No, really. I'm good," she insisted. A moment to think allowed her composure to reestablish, and she smiled indulgently at Hu Tao as if watching over a child, shaking her head with an air of finality. "I trust your expertise, but I actually plan to live forever."

Hu Tao scrunched her brows. "That sounds lonely."

Lonely, not blasphemous or a pipe dream. A glimpse into where her priorities lay. While his opinion ran along the same line as Lisa, Jaune thought that, maybe, he could understand where Hu Tao was coming from. To live on and on, it would be a forever full of hellos and goodbyes.

"If it works out, I'll live long enough to see us build ships that sail into space toward other galaxies," Lisa countered, shrugging her shoulders. And also making a lot of sense.

He certainly would like to experience for himself the so-called space age dreamed up in the comics. Portaling to such eras wouldn't count. The idea of it as a Remnant effort, his people's effort, held an irresistible appeal.

"Hmmm." Hu Tao tapped her chin, sending Lisa a teasing glance. "You believe that now, but just you wait until I have your coffin ready. One little lie-down and you'll be hooked, I'm sure of it. The padding I use to line the sides is to die for."

At that moment, Escha scurried over, tapping Hu Tao on the leg to get her attention.

"Are your coffins really that amazing? Will I get one?" she asked, apparently feeling left out.

Hu Tao knelt down to her eye level, and reached out to scratch Escha behind the ear. Soft purrs soon followed, with the felyne bouncing one foot in bliss.

"You do know that cats have nine lives, don't you?" said Hu Tao, her voice warm and mirthful. "Which one are you on now?"

Escha counted on her toe beans. After some hesitation, she looked up. "The first one?"

A light laugh, and Hu Tao patted the cat on the head before standing up. "Then you wouldn't be needing my services for a long time. Sorry, that's just how it is." Jaune's coffin creaked open again. "That said, you can give this one here a try if you like. It's very, very soft~" crooned the funeral director.

It should have looked endearing, but with the type of container involved all Jaune could think about were the fairy tales that featured a similar scene, with a wicked witch luring a poor, innocent soul into a trap. Escha must not have grown up with the same ones, because she was now happily ensconced inside the box and, from what he could tell, taking immense enjoyment from the plush, cushiony padding. Her eyes began to flutter shut, overcome with sleep while receiving pets from Fischl and Bennett.

Jaune took that as cue of the meeting running its course, something Lisa agreed with. The girl cleared her throat, speaking up.

"Hu Tao, Fischl, Bennett. Oz, too. Let me just say…" She met their gazes in turn, and winked. "It's wonderful to meet you. Welcome aboard."

Her words received a rousing cheer, or the best approximation of one when nobody wanted to wake up the cat. The display of friendliness led Jaune to relax.

Of course, he really should have known better than to bet on Lisa Wilbourn letting matters go. She stepped closer, into his space. At this distance, he couldn't ignore her or talk past her.

In a subdued monotone quite unlike seconds earlier, Lisa murmured, "Come with me." The voice lacked the bite of anger, sounding tired. Before he could argue, she addressed the room. "Everybody, please feel free to make yourself at home. Me and Jaune here need a moment to ourselves."

With that, Lisa spun on her heels and marched into the bathroom, leaving the door open for him.

The abrupt departure drew concern from everybody else, with much awkward shuffling. They glanced at one another to confirm that others saw it too and it hadn't been just them.

"Boss, is everything okay?" Bennett asked, hesitant.

Jaune gave them a bright smile.

"It's fine, no worries. This is about something from like days ago. As she said, make yourselves at home and I'll be back soon."

They accepted his reassurance at face value. Tension bled out of their postures, and the group broke up with the meeting's end. Escha snoozed. Oz flew off. The two adventurers began talking among themselves, discussing the fantastical room from another world with an air of marvel.

As Jaune followed after Lisa, his eyes met Hu Tao's. For one so willing to ignore the mood, she did not seem completely blind to it, sensing his uneasiness. The girl placed her hands together and performed a short bow, mouthing a quiet 'sorry' with a grimace.

He waved away the apology. They had plans, stuff got in the way, they reacted. Such was life.

C'est la vie. That was the phrase.



-o-
​


The door to the bathroom swung shut behind him, cutting out almost all sounds from beyond. Inside, the rhythm of ocean waves played from speakers, loud enough to grant conversations a measure of privacy. Lisa stood with her back to the sink, half-sitting on the long counter, a hand braced on the edge and the other clutching her book. Her silk robes still hung off of one shoulder, her hair tousled. She did not fix her disheveled appearance, nor did she speak.

Under her steady gaze, he walked over to stand beside her, an elbow planted on the gray wall so he could lean against it. There he waited.

Over time, the bathroom had evolved from its sterile, picture-perfect beginnings. Towels hung on a rack, his in green, hers in light purple. A smaller one in pink for Escha, who bathed in a small tub rather than the large shower stall that could accommodate at least two people with room to spare. A high-tech toilet claimed its own corner, the electronic screen turned on. A cord ran from it to an outlet by the sink.

A lot of good memories here, but he believed this would not be one of them.

"So, is this it?"

He almost missed that, so softly had Lisa spoken. As it was, his reply lacked much thought. He leaned down to look at her.

"What?"

Lisa studied the floor tiles. "Is this it? I couldn't carry my weight just once, I showed one little problem, and you went and got a new team? Loyal of you."

He pushed off the wall in a hurry.

"What, no. That wasn't it at all!"

Wrong answer. What even was the right answer? Her fingers curled to grip the counter, and she looked up to glare at him.

"Then, what was it? What am I supposed to think, when you decided on your own the very moment I'm not there to bring back a goth, a hick, and a cosplayer to our apartment?" she asked, with not even the semblance of a mask over her thoughts.

"She's… a funeral director," he said as a joke, hoping to lighten the mood. Wrong answer, again.

"Dressed like that? I don't think so. What's great about her, then? Or any of them? Must be special if you made out fine and dandy in that world without me."

"You were the one to push me out of the apartment, remember? Besides, it couldn't be helped—"

Bitter laughter cut him off.

"I wanted space," Lisa retorted. "Not for you to go off and do something stupid. How well do you even know them? That Fischl girl? A liar. The weirdo wants to put me in a coffin. The idiot—"

"They would have died," he said in a harsh tone, before regaining his cool. His reflection in the mirror behind the girl wore a scowl. To an extent, he anticipated less than a stellar reaction, but had thought it would be the usual annoyance, not for her to blow up on him. "Lisa, there were gods in that world, throwing down lightning like it's going out of style. It was a choice between evacuating them or digging graves."

"Why?"

He stopped short at that simple question, and Lisa continued.

"Why did these so-called gods want to kill them? Did it have anything to do with you?" Catching the way he winced, she hissed, "It did, didn't it?"

Before, he had resolved to tell her of his adventure. So now, he was resigned to the fact that he wouldn't be getting the reception he wanted.

Slumping back against the wall, he said, "On the first day there, I visited this harbor city. I went on a shopping trip. I drank tea."

"The attitude they had for you doesn't come from footing the bill for bubble tea," Lisa scoffed.

"I know." He heaved a sigh.

The possibility of lying more than he planned to do crossed his mind, but… Lisa wanted him to see her as part of the team, and he needed her to know that she already was. Right here, by his side. The one he trusted to see this harebrained idea of overturning what might well be an apocalypse.

He told the truth, or a version close to it.

"I… might have held a funeral for an undead half-god." He raised a hand before she could speak, speaking in a rush. "Half. Like, he wasn't close to the top of the food chain, and drowning to death the first time did a number on him. The risk had to have been pretty low, in my opinion, and it did give him a final rest, so all's well that ends well, I say."

Yes, he was babbling, hoping to strike on the magic words that would preempt her worries.

Quietly, softly, Lisa spoke. "And what does that have to do with anything?"

Jaune pointed to the bathroom door. "Those three? They were there, helping out. Somebody didn't like that. When I was about to leave that world, what looked like a typhoon was sweeping in, centered on us. Lightning fell nonstop. That was when Hu Tao got struck, and if I hadn't awakened her Aura earlier, you'd be meeting one less person today." No sooner had he said it that Jaune experienced a premonition. Lisa was about to focus on the wrong thing, the most inconvenient detail to his story.

"You gave them Aura."

He didn't deny it. Slowly, Lisa turned to the sink. The book dropped from her grip followed by elbows hitting the counter, and she dropped her face into her hands, massaging her temples.

"I told you," she whispered, in the manner of one barely keeping it together. "I told you, be careful of spreading that around. Do you get a kick out of being this impulsive?"

"I don't. You know that."

Her head shook back and forth. "I don't," she echoed him. "I just thought I did, and assumed that those times you said you'll do better, you wouldn't be lying to me." She whirled on him, with face red and a snarl on her lips. And trails of tears running down. "You keep doing unnecessary things, every time coming to me with a new excuse. Oh, you didn't use the word 'promise'. Oh, lives are in danger. Oh, lightning is randomly falling from the sky." Her eyes squeezed shut, hands balling into fists. "You have a hundred reasons why you don't have to listen to other people, and that makes it really, really hard to trust you, Jaune."

He flinched, her words seeming to slam into him with physical force to make him take a step back. Half a dozen protests sprang to his lips, all of them unable to gain a voice, his throat feeling so constricted that he imagined his breath cutting short.

Lisa continued, eyes opening. "If holding a funeral for the wrong person could set off one of the gods in that world, how do you think spreading Aura around will fare?"

This time, his tongue did not betray him. "That's not a fair comparison, Lisa," he argued. "You have no idea how those gods think."

"I can guess! I can connect the clues, because if you had forgotten now that you have swanky new teammates, that's my power! You marked them, and then you dragged them into your mess. It all added onto a pile of crap that made them undesirable to their world's rulers."

Could that be it? He fretted for a split second before shoving the thought aside, shooting back, "I was trying to keep them safe! In a world populated by monsters, why wouldn't I pass on the best defense for people to stay alive? It isn't my fault that a random being of omnipotent power I didn't know a lick about would take offense to me doing the same thing that worked out fine for Gallia."

"This isn't Gallia," Lisa spat out.

"I didn't know!" Jaune shouted, before amending, "Or I knew, but I thought it was a nonissue, because, again here Lisa, it was a god I hadn't even met." He rapped the wall on each word. "There's no predicting that. We go from world to world, and they're all different!"

At that, Lisa tilted her head, squinting at him. She gestured at herself. Up, down, up, down.

"That is why we research, and take it slow, and plan for contingencies—did you think I do all that for fun? Without me, the best thing you could have done was to stay put. Stay put," she stressed. "But you just…" A groan, and she made violent hand motions. "You keep talking about taking life as it comes, taking it one day at a time, except that doesn't actually work. You run from one crisis to another, always reacting until now when it bites you in the ass, because you already committed to your decision and couldn't take it back." She leaned forward to poke him in the chest, the volume of her voice rising louder and louder. "That's your problem, Jaune. It isn't anyone else's fault. Only yours."

Knock, knock.

They turned toward the door, so fast that both their necks cricked.

A lively, singsong voice drifted through from the other side.

"Hello, hello. Are you okay in there? The others are asking how you are doing, just letting you know~"

She heard, Jaune had no doubt. All of them did. His and Lisa's voices had carried further than they thought, lost as they were in snapping at one another.

The interruption led to a lull between the pair of them. He was still leaning on the wall, shoulders hunched and hands in his pocket, the posture screaming defensive. Lisa breathed hard, and pinned him with a seething glare. Hurt swirled behind her eyes.

Jaune got the impression that the past few days hadn't helped her as he hoped. Something burned within her, directed at him.

After a time, he licked his dry lips and spoke.

"I know that there are problems with how I do things. I'm not blind to it. But…"

Lisa looked about ready to go off on him again at that word. More excuses.

He waited.

Finally, curiosity got the best of her. One of her greatest flaws. "But?"

"But there is a limit to planning," he said, and exhaled a breath. "The nature of the portal is that we never have enough time, always too little information. The one constant I do know going in is that I could die."

Lisa watched him carefully. "So what? You think it makes you brave, walking into danger without a care. At some point, it becomes outright stupidity."

He shook his head. "I accept those risks, for what I can gain. It isn't thoughtless." He snorted a laugh, despite the situation. "Even though, you know, it's me."

A sneer greeted the comment. "Let me guess, you're going to tell me more of that tripe about how you had to save those poor, innocent saps, and heroics is about doing what you can for random strangers. It's all crap, Jaune. Lies people fed kids growing up that doesn't matter in the end." Tears swam in her eyes to undercut the hateful expression, and papers crinkled as she tightened her hold on her book. "Go on, tell me. What wonderful treasures have you found along the way that made the pain all worth it?"

Who was she talking to, with that faraway look? Him, but also not him, he felt.

Pondering on it, Jaune fished out his scroll. The boring, mundane one bought from a mall, special only to him.

"First of all, check out this picture of a fox I took. Lookit the lil' guy, bathing in a pond like it's his house. I got a ton of pictures on the trip." He cocked his head. "No, not cheering you up?"

His arms filled with an odd assortment of items, their bells chiming. The butt of a spear clanged against the bathroom floor, hooked in the crook of his elbow. An amulet inlaid with a gem landed on his palm.

Wings appeared on his back, feathers in the colors of the early morning sky.

"Magical artifacts, magical spear, magical powers that I still haven't figured out yet… As for this glider, how would you like to give flying a try?" He tried to smile. "See? It isn't just mushy, intangible feelings that I find in these places."

Most of the items vanished, and he moved over to Lisa to pass her the spear.

"I'm teaching you to use this, by the way." A hint, that he wanted her here.

Lisa examined the weapon from tip to tip, noting the detailed dragon motif. Lighter than its appearance suggested, a deft twirl sent it spinning around and around her wrist like a baton, an action that led Jaune to wonder where she learned that from.

The spear stopped, gripped in her hand. She looked up at him.

"Okay, it's done."

He blinked. "I hate saying this all the time, but… what? I'm missing something here."

"You screwed up, and now you've paid me to make up for it." She gave a nonchalant shrug of her shoulders, and walked past him. "What do I have to be mad about, right?"

Was that his thinking? Was that what he hoped for?

He grabbed her hand before she could touch the doorknob.

"It isn't about the spear or any of the other stuff. You were right," he blurted out.

She turned back toward him. And yeah, now he could tell that his approach had worsened the situation. Seen in a different light, carefree could also mean uncaring. Lightening the mood translated to avoiding the issue. Friendliness, to flippancy.

Her hand in his, he confessed, "More than any of that, I stayed in that world, and did what I did, because it meant I got to see something that shouldn't have been. The yaksha, the man who saved countless lives only to drown and wind up an evil spirit, his fate was to suffer forever. Actual punishment from the gods kind of deal. Ordained by the heavens, a person told me." He swallowed, heart thumping as his mouth formed the next few words. "I changed that fate."

He had done it in Gallia. In Brockton Bay. In Academy City. The world went careening down one path, until he stood in the way and forced it onto a different track.

"My actions aren't always for the better, but they also aren't always for ill. One thing I know is true, I created the story I hoped to see, and… and that means the world to me. Because of me, what could have been ended in another way. That was what I really wanted. I'm sorry."

And to that confession, Lisa laughed a hopeless, acidic laugh. Resignation and despair, in one.

"That is so typical of you."

Her lips wobbled. She blinked away tears, and brought her face close to his, close enough that he felt her breath on his skin.

Teeth bared in an unkind, vulpine grin.

"Hey Jaune?" Lisa asked sweetly. "Do you want to hear a story of 'what could have been'?"

She gave him no chance to refuse, tugging on his arm to pull him toward the sink counter, where she hopped on its surface. A hand patted beside her, inviting him to sit. Once he had done so, she made a show of making herself comfortable, shifting from one side to the other with her legs swinging off the ground. The thick sheaf of paper bound by metal rings landed on her lap, and she placed both hands atop it, clasped together.

A glance at him, and she nodded in satisfaction. He was paying attention. She leaned back, eyes kept forward.

And… she told him a story.

"There once was a girl who made her home in a city by the sea. It wasn't the happiest of lives that she led, but she stayed for her friends."

Lisa paused. Her lips twitched, and she whipped her head towards him.

"No, she stayed for the money. No, she stayed because she was forced to. No, she stayed to make a difference."

With each change to the tale, she moved her face closer and closer to him. The grin filled his vision, a rictus of humor laughing at a joke only the girl understood.

"In the end, she stayed."

Lisa pulled back, her gaze returning to the far wall. The grin softened.

"Bombs fell. The sea rose. Monster after monster crawled out from beneath the bed. She didn't let it get to her. Each and every time the troubles came, she met it head on, and after it was over, she would rebuild her home. Maybe not exactly to what it was, maybe not for the better, but she gave her all to put Humpty Dumpty back together again. Because she saw something there, and she put her life into that city until she found it.

"Hey Jaune, do you know what she found?"

This time, he didn't try to joke.

"Friends," he guessed. "Money. Her freedom. That she made a difference."

Lisa covered her mouth, giggling. "All very good guesses. Look at you, mister good listener."

She put her hand back on the book, playing with the pages by riffling through them.

"She found that she was okay."

Jaune frowned at that answer. "Just okay?"

"Hehe. Dumb, isn't it? How small. It's the truth, though. You see, she made a lot of mistakes. She did some things right, too, but it was tough balancing out the scale. Due to that, she grew into a woman different from what she imagined as a little girl, different from what she was at the start of the story. Someone she, or a version of her, would become 'just' okay with.

"But you know, I want that. Reading through the glimpses of her life, I can admit that I really, really want that. Except, on a spring day near the start of it all, a boy swept through her city and that was her story gone, that he ruined, because he took her away."

Jaune, in a quiet voice, said, "Ruined?"

He hated how small he sounded.

Lisa looked away.

"Changed," she amended. "Seeing yourself on the pages is strange. The certainty of knowing who you are. I thought this was a good direction, getting away from Brockton Bay, but… it would have forged me. I don't know who I am becoming anymore."

"Is that other life better than what you have now? It couldn't be sunshine and rainbows."

A thumb brushed over the title of the book. Worm.

"I can't rightly say. My part comes and goes; they're snippets of a larger whole. The ending wasn't that great." Her lips quivered. "I do know, at least, that there would have been a moment where I thought I was at the top of the world. It wouldn't last. A lot didn't. Life is like that. But it's a feeling I want to feel."

And that moment was gone.

For him to stand at the center of someone else's story, meant pushing them out of place.

Lisa slid off the counter. Many thoughts ran through Jaune's mind, to stop her, to apologize, to argue and say it wasn't his fault. Before all of that could come to pass, she reached out and patted him on the arm. The hand lingered, warm and kind. Then, she walked away.

He spoke aloud, to her back.

"I can't return that moment to you."

Without breaking stride, she nodded in acceptance.

He watched her go, fingers rapping on the counter. Tok. Tok. Tok.

"I can give you a new moment. Maybe not as her, or as a hero, or even as someone happy, but a moment worth living for."

Lisa stopped for a beat, thinking. She turned her head. On her lips, a ghost of a smile.

"I told a little lie. Life might not have led me there anyhow, even without you. I don't know where it started, only that her world and mine differed in small ways."

The door opened, and shut behind Lisa.

"But I'll hold you to that."


Author's Notes: (ㆆ_ㆆ)
Stories:
QQ Sneaking His Way into the Multiverse , a RWBY Jaune, WC-lite mechanics story.
Other RWBY stories on AO3 or FF - Yakuza Arc | Conquered Menagerie: Annals of the Sixth Kingdom | Cat, Bunny, and the Good Ship Honey Starbright | The Agent
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, m213, Yuck and 497 others
LazyAutumnMoon
Jan 17, 2026
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 67: A Place to Call Home
View content
LazyAutumnMoon
LazyAutumnMoon
We all need Sundancer in our life.
JoinedJun 7, 2024
Messages289
Likes received68,284
Jan 25, 2026
Add bookmark
#5,417

Chapter 67: A Place to Call Home
​


Sunlight streamed through the window curtains, heralding a new day with its soft, warm shine.

Jaune assumed, anyway.

Rather than sunlight, he woke up with darkness surrounding him on every side. A deep and tranquil silence enclosed him from the worries of the world, so comforting that it felt akin to a hug.

His internal clock informed him it had been but a few hours since he laid down, four or five at most. Yet, energy brimmed within his body, his mind reveling in the sensation of a well-rested night. He rolled one shoulder to stretch it out, marveling at the lack of a crick or pop.

He had never felt more alive.

Pushing aside the cover, the light of the morning greeted him. He sat there for a time, enjoying those first few minutes by basking in its radiant beauty. Only after braving the dark could a person truly appreciate the sunshine.

"That was… better than I thought it would be," he finally said, to nobody in particular.

A bracing lungful of air, and he was ready to meet the day, swinging up to stand on his feet.

As his gaze swept across the room, the question of why so many people were in the apartment caused him a brief moment of consternation. Then, the events of yesterday caught up, and he relaxed.

On the air mattress where he usually slept, Lisa laid with arms and legs sprawled unreservedly, Escha lying atop her stomach and using her chest as pillows. Over by the couch, Bennett snored away in an uncomfortable position, half his body falling off the edge, head pressed to the floor. Meanwhile, the bed in the corner played host to a snoozing Fischl buried beneath a blanket, with a soft smile on her lips telling of sweet dreams. Next to her was Hu Tao, twintails untied and cascading around her.

Six people, including him. Seven, with that bird there. That equaled out to a whole lotta crepes he needed to make.

Not long after, the scent of cooking wafted over the apartment.

Slices of ham sizzled in a pan, while batter turned into thin sheets of dough in another. One folded into the other, along with cheese and fried eggs, forming a mouth-watering savory crepe that joined its brethren on a plate, stacking high. A different plate carried a pile of plain crepes, meant for those who preferred the cream and fruits variety. Ingredients for a healthy smoothie waited beside the blender until a time when the machine could turn on without causing those still in bed an undue bother.

Soon, the hearty aroma of breakfast roused his companions. He could hear them shifting, the fog of sleep competing with rumbling stomachs. Noses sniffed the air, no doubt wondering from whence the heavenly scent came. He began dicing up bananas and strawberries on a cutting board just as the earliest awake padded over to the kitchen.

He believed them Lisa at first, but no. That smuggest of smug grins belonged to someone else today, stolen as the fox dozed in happy dreams. Dressed in borrowed clothing, Hu Tao resembled any other ordinary girl.

"Gooood morning!" she said, hands clasped behind her back as she swung her shoulders from side to side. "Hee-hee. How. Did. You. Sleep?"

With each word, she inched closer and closer, her face practically glowing with anticipation. He could read it in her eyes. I told you so, I told you so.

He glanced at the open coffin, his bed for the night. The discussion over who would rest where had taken a number of twists and turns, was all he would say on the matter.

"Honestly, you do good work. That was one of the best sleep I had. Somehow."

That had her beaming.

"The feel of a coffin is amazing, isn't it?" She closed her eyes, hugging herself. "That warmth, that sense of the world shrinking down to fit you. I worked really hard on the posture support, if you happened to notice it." She gave a long, sweet sigh. "All at affordable prices."

The wooden casket failed to hold a candle to the air mattress—that piece of tech was night magical. Still, it did possess a certain something beyond mere wood and fabric that he found difficult to describe.

As an amateur cook, the answer came to him in a flash. "Did you make it with love?"

"With a saw," she corrected. "And lots of lacquer. Everything is better with lacquer."

Ah.

Hu Tao lingered in the vicinity as he prepared their meal, using this chance to watch how a person went about operating the various appliances the proper way. She also tried to pinch slices of banana, only to be rebuffed on each attempt by a flick to the back of her hand. It would take a better food thief than her to pilfer morsels from him, for he grew up with the best.

She did get her sneaky bites in, once he set her to the task of dicing the fruits. His mother taught him that trick, through firsthand experience if nothing else. Those willing to help out in the kitchen were allowed their rewards.

In any case, with that part taken care of, he could focus on the frying—

"Oh. Lisa."

Jaune stepped back from the girl he almost crashed into. At what point had she arrived, he did not know, but she looked like she had just rolled out of bed, hair mussed and silk robes askew.

"G'mning," she grumbled, barely coherent.

That marked the extent of their talk, the both of them falling into a silence of awkward shifting and eyes that never meet. Jaune found an avid interest in the pans on the stove, mechanically cooking crepes with the excuse that they couldn't be left to burn. A part of him hoped for some space, another took heart that she had interacted with him.

One crepe, two crepes, three crepes, four crepes, five crepes, six crepes, seven, eight, nine, ten, eleven…

"The bathroom is free," he finally said. An inoffensive remark that shouldn't hurt anyone.

Out of the corner of his eyes, the head of blonde hair shook.

"Nah, I'll help out," Lisa muttered.

He turned to her with a flutter in his chest. Was she… trying to mend bridges? He couldn't rightly recall another occasion where she had done it first. Most times, if not each time, it fell to him.

"Do you want to learn how to flip crepes?"

"Mm, maybe. Is it hard?"

"Not at all." He scooted to the side. "Come over here. Now, you have Aura, so there's no need to worry about burns…"

And on it went, the spaces within the silence filling with innocuous comments that strung together to create a conversation. They kept it related to the cooking, and tried for simple gestures here and there to establish their old rhythm. Lisa learned the dish he liked; he got to see her smile.

"Ooh, that looks fun. Can I give it a go?"

"You're a little behind the times, so better not. I wouldn't want this complicated modern tech to confuse you."

"..."

"..."

Lisa and Hu Tao seemed to be getting along like sisters, too. A good morning all around.

By the time they sat down for a meal, it would not be incorrect to think everything had, if not returned to normal, then pretended as such.

With the extra people, breakfast in the apartment enjoyed a louder time of it than most days. A look across the table revealed the morning birds from the night owls. Escha belonged to the former, bright-eyed and bushy-tailed as she competed with Bennett, the pair scarfing down their food with gusto. Fischl, unlike them, stayed in somewhat of a daze, poking at her plate with a fork and missing half the time, while Oz plucked and tucked her hair to straighten it out. Lisa had no feathery pet to provide the same service, and so stuck to a comb. A cup of coffee helped her fight back the pull of sleep.

As the meal wound down, the mood gave way for serious business.

Not really.

"Six people. One bathroom. The situation cannot hold," Lisa stated, looking from person to person.

Of all the impetus to get their plans moving, it had to be this issue.

"We can mess about with this and that solution, but the simplest answer is one we've been bouncing around." She looked at him. "Are we agreed?"

The decision came down to him and her, not anyone else. The cat cared little of their destination, the rest of them too new to provide input. Jaune nodded to the question.

"Good. Give me the phone."

"Scroll," he countered.

"..."

The Company scroll exchanged hands. He did not comment on her missed timing.

Before Lisa had the chance to find out from the device, he admitted a certain problem, "I spent some of the Points. It was just from my own share."

She noticed his tone, the careful mannerisms. A glance at the screen confirmed how much he was understating it with that 'some'. He prepared for an argument, but none came.

"Got it." Lisa left the many issues unsaid, breaking out the laptop. She booted it up. "That's going to change things. Puts the kibosh on the accelerated start we wanted." She navigated to a document, a list that she had made extensive notes in. From energetic Bennett to drowsy Fischl, everyone gathered around to watch the enigmatic machine along with Lisa's sorcerous workings (spreadsheets). "A little higher in terms of danger, less in the loot rating. It might be more difficult, or even impossible, for us to get a return on the world beyond restocking everyday supplies."

Despite himself, he flinched upon hearing the assessment. His actions had crippled them, by Lisa's reckoning. Hard not to feel guilty about that.

"We'll make do, and I'll find ways to fix it," he said. "How does it affect the other criteria? Do you still see any places you recognize?"

Lisa hummed, delaying an answer as she scrolled past world after world in an infinite catalog. Until, she stopped on one. "This universe was on my list. I know the starting location and it's a pretty good spot to put down roots, especially if we hit a good year." She checked her spreadsheet. "Ratings… pretty survivable, not totally empty. It ticks our biggest concerns. I think we have a winner."

"It's not Grand Blue, is it?"

"No."

"Great." Meeting a different version of a friend, he experienced it before and had enough of that already. It wouldn't end well, was the lesson he learned.

"Uh, boss, boss lady? What's going on?" Bennett asked, scratching his head, expressing the sentiment shared by the rest of the newcomers.

Jaune looked up from the laptop, a tad miffed that the other boy had promoted Lisa to a new title. Because he earned his from fighting monsters and watching out for his dear junior. What had Lisa done? Hmph!

"What's going on is that all of you are about to get your trial by fire," he said, and snickered at the sudden apprehensiveness to their faces, Lisa joining him with a none-too-kind smirk slipping out. A lightbulb blinked on above Escha's head a second later, to make three smug countenances arrayed before Bennett, Hu tao, Fischl, and Oz.

"Now, who wants to go to another universe?"

Surprisingly, every hand went up. Intrepid, curious, or just plain stupid, whichever the case, they weren't backing down from the challenge.

Time to head on, toward a new world.



-o-
​


"Aiya, why is it so loud?" Hu Tao said, eyes scrunched shut and hands over her ears. She peeked out from under her eyelashes, trying to get used to the deluge of stimulation.

That was one down.

Hands on hips, Jaune looked around. "This many cars will do that. All the people, too. Whoa, there's a lot." He felt a tug on his sleeve. Fischl had been staying close to the group, unwilling to drift off like Bennett.

"The odor emanating from the nether realms forebodes an imminent cataclysm," she said, fully on guard. "Should we be worried?"

That was two down.

He pointed at her. "Good question. Not even the docks of Vale come close to this stench. Lisa?"

"That's just how it is, you'll get used to it. Whatever, not important… Everybody, welcome to New York City!"

New York, New York. Their (possible) new base.

What a busy place.

Vehicles packed the streets, gridlocked worse than he had ever seen. They honked their horns together in a chorus of misery and rage. People walked at a near running pace, eyes locked forward as if they all had someplace to be, often forming together in a tide that tossed about the unfortunate stragglers who failed to keep up. The sheer numbers gave rise to an amount of litter that boggled the mind, plus a thousand scents to assault the senses.

Beyond that, though?

Wow.

"Boss, how is any of this possible?" Bennett maintained his composure well. His voice only cracked at the end. The boy's head was tipped back to look up, up, up at the skyscrapers looming above them.

Jaune had no answers for him, except, "Earth's crazy like that."

Academy city. Seoul. Now, here. The pattern held across distance and time. Unchecked by the Grimm threat, the many Earths out there bloomed without limits. The concrete jungle of New York put Vale's to shame. It almost felt hard to breathe with how the city seemed to block out the world.

While the party gawked, the sole native (in spirit) among them left their little circle and moved toward a newsstand, gleaning for information from the papers, the vendor, the customers, and probably a dozen other little details that nobody but she could put together in a coherent picture.

Aaand, she stole somebody's wallet. Dammit, Lisa.

"Was that necessary?" he remarked as she rejoined the group, a hotdog in one hand, newspaper in the other, bought with her ill-gotten gains.

"Would you rather we wander around as homeless beggars? Because that's stupid. Besides, he deserved it." Lisa caught the skepticism on his face. She scrunched her nose, displeased. "What? Don't you trust me?"

Jaune backpedaled. "I do. I just, you know, wanted to hear your reasoning. Forget it."

One moment, things seemed fine. The next, an argument looked about primed to blow. He didn't know where the shaky ground between them might collapse.

Someone nudged him in the side.

"Care to let us in on the joke?" Hu Tao asked, popping her head around him. "It sounded like Lisa here took something she shouldn't." No judgment colored her eyes, not yet. Still, it occurred to Jaune that he hadn't taken the measure of his new companions in regard to certain matters. The lapse would require easing into, over the coming days.

"I haven't told you this," he said, motioning at Lisa, "but her mind makes her possibly the best detective you'll ever meet. If she says that person is evil, chances are, he is."

That drew the notice of Fischl, who ceased her gawping to step out from behind Jaune. "The best detective? A bold claim, my erstwhile landlord. Many have enjoyed such a reputation, only to find it a mistaken pride. Even I, Fischl, would hesitate to seize that lofty title."

Lisa giggled, a sweet and lovely sound, leaning in to tap Fischl on the nose like she thought they were close.

"Awww, is that a challenge I hear? Now, while I always welcome that…" Her finger trailed down to catch Fischl under the chin, tilting her head up and locking their gazes together, their face inches apart. In the same friendly tone, she continued. "You have to ask yourself, Fischl, if that really is your name, whether you've learned enough of the clues to solve the mystery. If so, I don't see why we shouldn't give it a shot." Another giggle, as she separated from the younger girl, who shrank away.

Jaune resisted the urge to facepalm.

Dominance, asserted. Dammit, Lisa. Again.

"H-How astute, a-and I shall treasure thine wisdom. Yes, perhaps such a game would be better served on a more opportune occasion." Fischl hiccuped. "A duel as ours needs not interfere with your search for a new home." Her eyes swam, and Fischl looked everywhere except at Lisa. "In fact, allow me to host you for a most splendiferous tea party, where we may exchange tales of past cases and clash wits at our leisure. In private."

"No comment," said Oz on her shoulder, who also struggled to meet anyone's eyes. A scrap of fabric tied to him like a hood hid his electrifying physiology from the people passing by, lending him the mere impression of a very exotic bird.

A wide grin grew on Lisa. "That's what I thought you'd say." She turned away from Fischl, dismissing the matter and the girl, to offer Jaune a hotdog while keeping the newspaper for herself. "Authentic New York cuisine. Give it a taste."

"...Thanks? I'm not sure what brought this on, but I'll take it."

He nibbled on the food, finding nothing out of the ordinary compared to a regular hotdog. They used beef instead of pork, maybe. Lisa seemed to expect an actual review, however, so he muttered a few praises to placate her before offering it to the others. Escha and Oz both dove for it, the pretense of normal animals nearly forgotten.

A couple of people stopped to record the scene. None of them appeared overly amazed, amused at best, so Jaune chalked it down as them expressing a passing interest. A few of the phones turned toward the human side of their group due to the fanciful clothes among some of their members, murmurings of 'Is there a cosplay event today?' and 'Are they models?' passing from lips to lips. Those were a bit too prying, prompting him to turn his back to them.

"I've been to NYC, like, twice in my life," Lisa mentioned absentmindedly as she skimmed the news articles. "Both times as a kid. First thing I always do, I get a hotdog. It's part of the experience."

Welp, now he felt guilty for not enjoying the hotdog more. Lisa recited that piece of knowledge with faint traces of innocence, her voice that of someone who had heard of the mystical land of New York from others, and believed it.

"Anyway, from what I can tell, this world suits our needs perfectly. I'm seeing articles on the economy, celebrity marriages, football scores. Boring things. Safe things. There's a couple of weird bigfoot yeti stuff that's out of place, but they're all kept to the back pages where relevance goes to die, sooo—oh, I almost forgot. We're in the year 2022."

"Yeah, that number means nothing to me. What day is it?"

"Wednesday."

That, he had a reference for. Nothing happens on Wednesday.

Out of habit, he checked the time on his scroll. It provided no useful information, of course. The scroll went back in his pocket, while he turned to the sky, judging for a rough estimate.

"We're, what, around noon right now?"

"10:30-ish," Lisa provided.

"Nice. Real estate offices should be open, then." With a thought, his Pocket pinged back to him the presence of the sphere-like device sitting inside the dimensional space. An anchor, it came with their purchase of a permanent access to this world. Activating it would move the portal from the dingy gap deep inside an alley and hidden behind a dumpster to wherever he set the sphere. "You think we can get a place by nightfall?"

"You wish. A vacation rental on a Japanese island was one thing. They didn't have any real way to confirm the authenticity of our fake IDs, "she said, referring to the customizable cards they got from Aleister Crowley back in Academy City. "Property deals in the big city will check us for a proper background. We'll need a whole lot more than a driver's license."

"Are there not temporary hostels?" Hu Tao chimed in. "Slip a fellow a few extra Mora, ask nicely, and I'm confident we can secure accommodation without trouble."

"Ew," was Lisa's opinion. "You can do that if you want to. I'd rather not end up in some skeevy 'hotel' with an organ-trading gang bashing down the door to ruin my beauty sleep."

Jaune's eyes narrowed. "Is that likely?"

"Ehhh." Lisa waggled her hand in a 'maybe' gesture.

If they slept here tonight, he'd lay down a few traps just in case. Not for his sake, but for the intruders who would otherwise find themselves facing a Huntsman with a sword.

"Public order must leave a lot to be desired, then," Hu Tao mused. "Let's keep it in mind." She directed that comment to Fischl and Bennett, getting nods in return.

"Be careful swinging your staff," he warned her, but Lisa barged in with different advice.

"Don't bring your weapons into it at all! That's not normal here. I don't see indications of superpowers or Aura, which pretty much guarantees us as the strongest people around. Unless you have a solid case of self-defense, it's enough to beat them to a pulp with your fists. More than that invites scrutiny."

Bennett and Fischl appeared none too sad about that, agreeing without a fuss. He, on the other hand, lamented the prospect of a swordless, de-lanced, ungunned existence. Still, better this than having Grimm at their doorstep.

"Alright, fine," he said. "Identity first, house hunting second. Put people in hospitals, not graves." Hu Tao was inconsolable. "We'll figure out the best way to trade the gold for local money somewhere along the way. Tell me you have an idea."

"When do I not?" Lisa answered in an airy tone. "We're in a city. And a city always has an underground. I'll go and check the usual places."

"Got it. What are the chances we'll see fighting?" His hand flexed, limbering up for battles to come.

"In a library? Low."

He stared at her in askance, before understanding dawned. "You know, I was under the impression of it being an actual underground, with a shady barman and stone cold serial killers lurking in the dark corners, but then I realized how silly that sounds."

"What century are you from? I'm just going online."

"Useful thing, the inter-net. My Remnant's version can't do half of the stuff you get up to. You sure you won't need me there?"

"I highly doubt it, but if you're feeling like picking up a book…"

The tepid look on his face provided her the answer. There were times to read, on rainy evenings and whatnot. Today called for something more active. He had energy to burn.

Hang on, when even was the last time he read a book?

To his deliberate silence, Lisa nodded and continued. "Yeah, I thought so. You can stay around here if you like. Chill out for a while, and keep an eye on the kiddies—"

"Wait!" Fischl interrupted.

She missed the flash of displeasure that slipped through Lisa's friendly demeanor. Jaune could get away with cutting Lisa off, because he was adorable. And while Fischl could perhaps claim the same, she hadn't the weeks and months with which to endear the supervillainess. Without him interceding by miming for Lisa to let it go, Lisa might well have sniped a comment at the younger girl.

The oblivious Fischl gamely pressed on. "A library?" Her eyes sparkled at the word. "May I go with you? Please?" She clasped her hands to her chest, sighing. "Ohhh, to wander the halls of knowledge of an entirely different world, why, I shan't pass up the chance."

"Mein Fräulein is dying ("Did someone say 'dying'?" "Figuratively, Miss Hu Tao.") to find a series to read, since her favorite author has not released a new volume in quite some time," said Oz.

Hearing that, Jaune placed his thumb on the scale. "Lisa? Why not take her along? It isn't a bad idea. She could learn a lot from you."

Lisa pointed a finger at him, a retort on her lips. The finger then curled back, and she held her chin in thought. Jaune saw his opening, lightly nudging Fischl to direct over to Lisa's side. With her joyfully ensconced next to the older girl, it would take a monster to rebuff Fischl at this point.

As for himself, Jaune stepped back, and hooked an arm around Bennett's neck. "Yo. Want to stick with me?"

"Sure thing, boss! I'll probably get lost trying to navigate this place, otherwise." He scanned their surroundings, still with that same look of awe. "There's just… so much."

Lisa's gaze went from her side, which now included Hu Tao, to theirs. "Boys and girls, then?"

"Nah," Jaune said, shaking his head. Crouching down, he petted Escha. "Join my team, Escha. I'm thinking we're going to hit a park. Stretch our legs, get fresh air." Do some combat training—I probably shouldn't be keeping that from Lisa. "Do some combat training. Maybe explore the neighborhood. It should keep us occupied for a few hours."

"Combat training?" The beginning of a scowl formed on Lisa's face. "You can put that off. This isn't a good time for it."

"No."

"Excuse me?"

His hand came up to massage his neck. He maintained the smile. "This kind of thing is important. Bennett's a decent fighter, but he could be even better. Since our styles are so similar, I have a few tips that he'll need if he's to follow us around to the places we go. Bennett, what's your feeling on becoming stronger?"

"Well… Adventuring is rough work, and I'll take any chances I have to be prepared." Convinced, he nodded. "Yeah, I'm with you."

He turned back to Lisa. "See? I'm letting you know because I don't want you to see it as a nasty surprise, that's all. I'm still doing it."

Lisa regarded him coolly for a bit, before rolling her eyes.

"Find a secluded spot with lots of trees. If anyone stumbles on you, tell them you're LARPing and get out of there."

"Sounds good. And hey, call me if you need anything. I'll come running."

All the plans in the world didn't mean much with no directions. A couple of fruitless attempts at waving down pedestrians later, Lisa went back to the hotdog stand. Seven hotdogs got her a step-by-step guide to reach a library, one for a park, and a request for a date. She ignored that last one.

Prior to splitting up, Jaune leaned in for a small word.

"Is Fischl not who she says she is? Do we have an impostor among us?"

Lisa pursed her lips, mulling on her answer. "It's… unclear. That girl answers to the name like it was her own, but when she refers to herself as Fischl, it doesn't always ring with the truth. Her mouth tries to shape a different letter before she catches it."

"Huh. Maybe ask her about it when you're at the library." He raised a finger to stop her from leaving. "Don't push too hard. Let's not make her cry."

"I won't. Who do take me for?"

"Lisa Wilbourn," he deadpanned, as if that said it all.



-o-
​


"Woe be upon ye!"

Jaune gawked at the raggedy stranger encountered on the trail. "Is that a prophecy? Wow! Hey, can you tell me what I'm facing? What kind of monster is it? When—hey, wait! Where are you going?"

Sadly, the man wanted no more part of it, of him, hurrying off with bundles of pamphlets held in his arms.

"Jaune, Jaune, what was that guy talking about?" Escha asked once their group was alone again.

"I don't know, Escha, but I wished I did. Ah well, I'm sure I can handle whatever it is. Come on, let's move further in."

They continued down the trail, one of the many twisting paths running through a wooded area smack dab in the middle of New York City. Apparently, people called it the Ramble, part of the city's Central Park. Escha and Bennett went ahead of him, racing each other and often disappearing among the trees to follow whatever had caught their fancy.

The paths here traced back and forth to form an intricate maze, and the deeper Jaune traveled, the fewer people he met. With the trees blocking the views of the buildings in the distance, it gave him the sense of having taken a step out beyond the walls, into the wilds.

Even if it was an illusion on this occasion, he enjoyed the feeling, recalling the day he stood at the gates of his hometown, and the day he stood in front of a portal to a new world. His people had given up a lot for the sake of safety, but the call to adventure, the desire to wander and roam, it surely dwelt within them still, as it did for him.

Or maybe that was just the delusion of a small town boy looking for more than a small town end.

He soon settled on a promising spot, a flat stretch of rocky terrain set off the trail. Copses of trees provided a measure of privacy, though he deemed it a needless precaution. They hadn't met another soul for quite some time. He directed Bennett to stand opposite him, and then the training began.

First thing, he summoned the malfunctioning shield of Crocea Mors from his Pocket, tossing it to Bennett to use in place of his own.

"Better that you have that while we train," he said, arming himself. "My sword doesn't have a workable scabbard at the moment that I can use to blunt the impact, so it'd slice right through your wooden shield. I'll pick up a new one for you soon."

"Thanks, boss." Bennett studied the emblem on the surface. "I like the design." He strapped the shield to his arm, testing the weight. "Is it supposed to be this heavy?"

"You jumped from nothing to wood to metal. It is only heavy in your mind."

"Whoa, that's so deep," Bennett said, eyes shining. Nearby, Escha marveled at his sage wisdom.

It was nice to be appreciated. Lisa would have laughed at him for spouting that drivel.

His blade spun in lazy circles as he considered how to proceed from here. Should he set his student to performing drills? Run down the list of various tips and tricks he learned from experience about combat, so Bennett wouldn't suffer them in turn? In the end, he chose neither.

"Bennett, this is up to you. I can go easy, or I can put you through the training regimen cooked up by a friend of mine. To warn you, it will be harder."

The other boy answered without a pause, "Give me the second option." He saluted with his sword. "I'll smash through it!"

With a laugh, Jaune pointed at Bennett.

"I like that enthusiasm. Keep it up, and get ready."

Bennett laughed, too. "Aw, thanks, Boss—" His eyes bulged out, and he whipped the shield above his head.

WHAM!

Stone shook, and birds in the surroundings took flight en masse. The overhead swing sent Bennett crashing to the ground, knees buckling until he was folded flat against the rocky surface they stood on.

Jaune backed away. By the time Bennett managed to sit up and peer over the rim of the shield, the boy saw Jaune with his sword idly swinging at the empty air, a bright and happy smile on his face.

"Now, I know what you're thinking: Am I just beating you up?" Jaune said. "It's called the Pyrrha method, and trust me, it works. You need to understand why a shield is needed. There's no better teacher for that than live combat. It lets you measure your progress." He averted his gaze. "Also, I've been missing a sparring partner and Escha refuses to step up."

Crouched in a ball off to the side, Escha peeked through her paws at them. The moment his gaze fell on her, silent question beaming across the distance, she frantically shook her head and covered her eyes again. The heartless felyne spared not a speck of concern for her junior, giving Bennett up for dead.

Bennett muttered something under his breath.

Jaune leaned forward. "What was that?"

Resolute eyes looked up at him.

"I'm not done yet!" Bennett cried, and scrambled to his feet, charging in with sword aloft.

And that was how, three for three, the Teyvat bunch suffered woe today.

Jaune went easy—

No, he lied. He went predictable on Bennett. Big swings, telegraphed blows. He left aside the tricks of his trade, those tools he learned to incorporate in active battle, in lieu of the enhanced strength from various sources, employing moves that allowed Bennett plenty of time to respond.

In relative terms. He cheated whenever the other boy seemed to figure out his rhythm. Bennett might not even realize how fast he himself was moving as he struggled to keep pace.

Throughout the spar, Jaune watched. His sword struck from the left, from the right, over and under, to test how well did the other boy maintain his defenses. Hardly ever the same attack twice in a row, sometimes exactly that to observe the way Bennett's footwork fared while in motion. He pushed, and judged if Bennett had a grasp of when to break off and when to commit, could the boy hold his own in a prolonged exchange. This first round, he wanted to assess what he was working with.

More than that, he needed to know. What would Bennett do, when facing an insurmountable opponent.

"You're not half bad," Jaune praised. "Hands down, you would have thrashed the me from half a year ago."

"Thanks, boss!" Bennett gasped, bracing for a kick that sent him skidding backward. Without a pause, he threw himself back into the fray. And thus, Jaune learned the core of him.

Single-minded determination. The trait that shone through in the sweat-soaked, half-dead boy.

Their time in Teyvat had not been a lie. Bennett was just that way.

Pyrrha would have both admired and scolded the young adventurer for it. Jaune followed her lead, in a fashion.

His fist cracked against Bennett's chin, faster than Bennett could get his shield in place. A foot placed on the shield, he pressed it down to Bennett's chest, applying pressure to hold the boy in place.

As Bennett turned red in the face from exertion, Jaune rested his blade on one shoulder.

"You didn't give up. I like that. Still, you really should have changed tactics a while ago." Raising his voice, he addressed their audience. "What would you have done, Escha?"

The felyne, sitting on her haunches, held a paw under her chin.

"Not be there?"

"Fair enough."

"And then, and then, I'll throw a boomerang!"

Jaune turned back to his opponent. "See, Bennett? The cat has a plan. Why don't you?" He removed his foot, extending a hand to help Bennett up. "Believe me when I tell you this, because I have the same problem even now, the urge to rush in straight on is best done with a big cannon on your side. Or a cute girl that can summon stars who you can hide behind."

Bennett blinked. "Wait… You're not telling me to stop?"

It was Jaune's turn to be taken aback.

"What, no. Would be damn weird if I told you that and then go on to do it myself. Like I said, find a big cannon." He swapped his sword for the gunlance as a demonstration. "Or a cute girl," he repeated.

"With a big cannon?"

"You know it."

Bennett took the lesson to heart, immediately mulling on the idea. His face flushed.

"I- um. Maybe. In the future."

Ahh, the innocence of youth, unbeholden to one's libido. That wouldn't last.

"I still can't help but feel like this lesson is somehow off."

"Excuse me, are you doubting Pyrrha Nikos, blond trainer extraordinaire?"

"N-No."

Jaune pretended to eye him with suspicion, before shrugging. "Eh, I wouldn't blame you if you did. You've never met her." And Jaune doubted her, too, on other matters. "Anyway, with that, I think we'll wrap up our first session early. You look like you need the rest."

Bennett dropped to the ground in relief.

Jaune joined him, sitting with his legs crossed. Escha scurried over, climbing to sit on his shoulders, preferring the high place. Water bottles appeared, and was passed to everyone.

For a while, they kicked back and basked in the daylight. Autumn had just begun to set in, here. It hit that perfect moment of cool breezes and warm sunshine, where a mind could become lost in the minutes, the afternoon passing with that sense of foreverness.

An indeterminate amount of time later, Jaune broke the silence.

Scooting closer to Bennett, he said, "Since we have the chance, can you help me figure out this Vision thing?" He turned his palm up.

A trinket appeared, an amulet of a flowery motif, with three petals. Lisa called it a fleur-de-lis. Set within the metal casing, a gem glimmered in gold, its surface bearing a pattern of interlocking lines, resembling a puzzle.

It felt right, sitting in his hand. He tossed it up and down, the catches done without a need for him to even look. It would be there, of that he was utterly certain.

"Having one means I have magical powers, right? Nothing seems to be popping up, though."

He had tried to shoot fireballs to no avail. Rubbed the trinket to a shine, and found no genie. As far as his many tests could discern, its purpose was to serve as an interesting paperweight.

Bennett withdrew his own Vision, a red gem, presenting it side by side with Jaune's.

"I'm not really any kind of expert, so I can only go by my own experience. Mine's a Pyro Vision, while yours look like a Geo. I can conjure fire on my sword—"

"Just your sword."

"Yeah, it sounds weird, I get it. But when I fight, it seems… right." Bennett waffled a bit, grappling for the best way to put his explanation into words. "I feel this heat, here in my chest." He tapped his knuckles to his heart. "It'd start pounding in my head, like a heartbeat that becomes louder and louder the harder I fight. Then I shout it out, and the world explodes at the point of my sword." He turned sheepish, scratching his cheek. "That wasn't very helpful, was it?"

Jaune waved it off.

"It helps plenty. Gives me a starting point to work from, at least." Emotions, instincts, the proper headspace… That stuff didn't need a college degree. His prospects looked bright.

Bennett cracked a smile. "I'm glad. I guess what it comes down to is that I really, really wanted it to work, and it did."

The Nora method, his favorite. The thought occurred to him that that girl would adore this kid, what with his explodey sword.

"Maybe it's the same for you," suggested Bennett. "Except with a Geo type."

"Rocks?" Jaune said.

"Rocks," the other boy confirmed.

Rocks…

He grabbed a stray pebble, throwing it into the woods.

Did that count as him casting a rockball? Probably not.

In his pants pocket, a song played to interrupt them. His ringtone. He fished out the phone, singing under his breath.

"You're my soda pop—yello?"

"My little soda pop~ Fuck, now it's stuck in my head. Thanks, Jaune."

"Lisa, what's up?"

"Ceiling, sky, bird, vampires."

"Oh haha, you're so—one of these is not like the others." He blinked. "Are you in trouble?"

Over the line, he heard the crash and din of many falling objects.

"We have a stalemate situation going on. I might have sorta, maybe, busted open a local vampire conspiracy."

Why did she get to have all the fun?

"Honestly, they're a bit of a disappointment, just a bunch of hipsters from a nearby college—NYU—stalking the public library for victims. Too bad this time the bite didn't take. The problem is, they think they have to silence us because we're now witnesses to their scheme—do NOT start a fire here!"

"Hi, Hu Tao," Jaune called out.

"Heeeey~!"

"Come on, get back to building the book fort! Go, go, go! Anyway, they walk in sunlight with lame sunglasses and sunscreen, and there's a good three dozen in their little gang. Killing them is… hard. They're not what I expected. A little too human, if you catch my drift. Come do your thing."

His thing. What a nice and safe way to put it. Jaune turned to the others.

"Bennett, Escha. We've got trouble. Follow me." They wasted no time, not even Bennett who stared at the phone as if it were alien technology, following him as he dashed into the trees.

"Hey, no rush. Like I said, we're in a stalemate. Keep your abilities under wraps."

A straight line through the woods brought them outside the Ramble, and from there they cut out to the city streets. At Lisa's direction, he flagged a taxi. The state of traffic in this less busy area meant it beat running the whole distance. Despite himself, Bennett resembled a kid on his birthday throughout the experience, giddy at being inside the magical carriage.

The taxi took them southward until they were a couple of blocks away from their destination. A sudden deadlock of vehicles ahead prevented the driver from pushing any further. Jaune and company left the taxi there, paying with the stolen paper bills Lisa had, with quite a bit of forethought he now admitted, insisted he took in case of expenses and emergencies.

The reason for the traffic jam became apparent as he pushed through a crowd of people. A line of police tape blocked off the avenue, preventing cars and bystanders from approaching an impressive edifice of marble.

The library stood out amidst the modern high rises. Fluted columns and arches lent the building the air of a temple, sculptures of robed figures gazing down from above. Statues depicting lions decorated the steps leading up to the entrance.

Large banners on the side of the building advertised upcoming events—book signings, symposiums, and so on. Re-imagining Dracula for Normies, said one that featured a pale man with fangs.

Three police vehicles bolstered the cordon, their harried officers running to and fro to keep the situation in hand. Down the street, more police cars blocked off the library from the side, an uphill task as there was a whole lot of building space to secure. One policeman stood near the crowd, speaking into a handheld radio. Agitated, he neglected to moderate his volume, and Jaune listened in.

"—our backup? Who knows what those freaks are getting up to? You know what they're like!" the officer shouted to the person on the line. His scowl then deepened. "Oh, who cares about their politically correct bullshit? They're freaks, them and all the others!"

Judging by the many, many phones recording the conversation, a lot of people, if not care, then at least were eager to post that conversation on social media for the world to hear. Jaune foresaw troubles in that man's future.

The officer's eyes snapped to him as he raised the line of tape up, and passed through. Training took over, and the man's hand hovered over the holster at his side.

"Sir, I'm going to need you to move back behind the line," he said in a voice that brooked no argument. His gaze scanned Jaune head to toe, a measure of apprehensiveness entering his features as he had to look up for them to be eye to eye.

Ignoring the command, Jaune presented a friendly demeanor, smiling. "About that, I need to get into that library there."

The officer stared at him like he had two heads.

"This is an ongoing police matter. Nobody is getting in or out." Then, in a lower, more strained tone, the man said, "Did you not hear what is happening here!? Vampires are in the library. Vampires!"

"I can handle it," Jaune assured him. "Look, there are people I know inside. I'll just go in and pick them up, then I'll get out of your hair." That failed to convince the man, if anything cementing his opinion that Jaune was out of his mind.

When one tactic did not work, try another. Blunt honesty took the loss today, stepping aside for quick thinking and showmanship.

"In fact," Jaune said, pitching his voice to a confident boom. "Since I'm heading inside anyway, I might as well take care of the problem for you." His hands swept out wide. "After all, I… and my team… have a fair amount of experience dealing with unordinary opponents. Not two nights ago, we put an undead to rest. From creatures of the deep, to zombies and ghouls, I've seen it all, and lived to tell the tale."

Skepticism colored the officer's features, but Jaune spotted it, that glimmer of hope. The officer did not enjoy this situation, did not like the vampires. And here Jaune was, boasting that he could resolve it.

"What are you, some kind of monster hunter?" the officer asked, trying for an indifferent scoff, and failing. Had the man truly doubted, he wouldn't give Jaune the time of day.

Jaune glanced at Escha, and decided to roll with it.

"The correct term is Monster Hunter, with caps. Yes, I can hear the difference."

Below, Escha puffed up in pride.

The officer gave him a long, evaluating look, lingering on the sword tied to his hip with a strap, a sword that the man no doubt would swear had not been there before. He balked upon realizing what it was, gripping his gun hard. Harder, as the officer noticed Bennett had followed Jaune's example at some unknown point. No longer a pair of harmless civilians, the people in front of the officer now presented a threat.

The question was: to who?

In the end, the policeman turned his head to speak into his radio. A hurried conversation ensued between him and the person on the line.

A minute later, he stepped aside, waving Jaune through. With a nod, Jaune grabbed Bennett by the back of his collar and dragged him along, rescuing him from the teenagers who had co-opted the boy for their selfies.

The officer left him with one instruction. Dead or alive. His boss back at the station did not care which.

The two boys and the cat ascended the steps to one of the doors. Jaune opened it without hesitation, summoning a shield and entering with it raised, his sword primed for a stab.

The lobby better suited a palace than a book repository, with its high ceiling and engravings on the wall. Marble busts sat in alcoves. A grand staircase led to a second-floor balcony.

He contacted Lisa through their phones. "Where are you?"

"Third floor, reading room." He heard a fwip sound. Lisa had shot at something.

[Third Arm] latched to the railings above, and with Escha clinging to his back, the arm pulled Jaune to the second floor. Down below, the sound of Bennett's boots rang out on the marble steps. Jaune was already on the third floor before the other boy cleared the first staircase.

A plaque on the wall directed him to the reading room. Its doors stood ajar, from which a clamoring din drifted outward. Jaune strode inside, and found a scene of pandemonium.

Desks laid overturned, the books knocked off shelves. People ran to and fro, chased by lightning. The sunglasses they wore worked against them, from time to time sending them crashing to the floor as they tripped on an obstacle. They shouted at each other, suggesting what to do, assigning blame, their sharp fangs glinting.

At the center of the room stood the statue of a man, some sort of actor or poet reading from a page in one hand, the other upturned and held aloft, a bird on his shoulder.

Above that, a different raven circled, raining down bolts of electricity and weaving on graceful wings through the books thrown by the vampires.

Of his many foes, Oz doggedly chased two in particular.

"Get away from me! I saw what it did to George when he helped you!" shouted one of them to the other, as they passed a smoking, twitching fellow. Dressed in black same as all the vampires were, the woman tried to break off and leave her companion to his fate, but he stuck to her like a cockroach, finding safety in numbers.

"It's not my fault!" that man wailed.

"You were supposed to nibble!"

"That's the problem! I couldn't! She had this weird force field thing, I'm not even sure what species she is supposed to be!"

"Yeah well, good job, you made her bird angry, you idiot!"

"C'mon, don't lose your head—"

Shing!

The man stopped speaking mid-sentence, mouth flapping and shut without a throat to form the sounds. His head flew in an arc, tumbling end over end. It landed on the statue of the poet, right on the open palm.

The eyes of the head rolled around until it found him. The vampire mouthed something suspiciously like "Oh look, a cat," before crumpling to ash. The room fell deathly quiet in his wake. In a series of jerky, halting motions, the vampires turned to Jaune.

"He just killed Benny…"

"Oh crap."

That concise summary found many believers, creating a chorus that flowed from one end of the room to the other, echoing off the vaulted ceiling. Bennett entered the scene in the middle of it, and grew very confused as a result.

Confusion became consternation after a vampire lunged for Jaune, and he rammed his sword down the reedy man's throat. As Jaune shook off the ashes on his blade, Bennett gulped for air.

"What? Something wrong?" Jaune asked once he noticed the odd response.

"You didn't even blink. Just like the Guild bounty hunters…" A vampire ambushed Bennett from a balcony above their heads that Jaune had missed on arrival, and the boy whipped his sword upward, still in its scabbard, to clobber the college student/bloodsucker. This time, the vampire survived, knocked unconscious.

"My job," Jaune explained with a shrug. "Will it be a problem?"

Bennett looked down at his sword. "I should be the one saying that. Is it okay that I've never killed anyone before?"

Jaune thought about it.

He repeated his answer.

"My job."

Nobody else's. As it should be. He didn't need people who would kill at the drop of a hat. Really, it was the other way around. His companions offered him perspectives he never considered.

"Now." He pointed his sword ahead. "Who's next—"

"Oh my god, I didn't sign up for this!"

"It's a library. This was supposed to be easy prey!"

"Help, help! Police!"

Courage fled, and the vampires were not far behind. They may dress like assassins, but their attitudes spoke more of stylish goths, out looking for trouble and finding too much. There was a reason they hunted in a place made for quiet, studious types. They ran pell-mell every which way, booking for the exits and even leaping to the windows set up high, crashing through the glass to escape. Any method, to not be in a room with him.

How hurtful. Left behind, Jaune sniffled.

Oz alighted on his shoulder, and patted him comfortingly on the head with its wing. The bird guided him and the others to a corner of the room between two shelves, where tables, book carts, and books had erected a barricade. A number of vampires snoozed in front of it, sleep darts sticking out of their skin.

Lisa poked her head out of the book fort.

Jaune looked around at the mess, then at her.

"You know, I guess I was wrong. Things do happen on Wednesday."


Author's Notes: Jaune and Lisa, dead broke once again.
Last edited: Jan 25, 2026
Stories:
QQ Sneaking His Way into the Multiverse , a RWBY Jaune, WC-lite mechanics story.
Other RWBY stories on AO3 or FF - Yakuza Arc | Conquered Menagerie: Annals of the Sixth Kingdom | Cat, Bunny, and the Good Ship Honey Starbright | The Agent
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:m213, Amdiranifani, Amrynel and 444 others
LazyAutumnMoon
Jan 25, 2026
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 68: A Land of Opportunity
View content
LazyAutumnMoon
LazyAutumnMoon
We all need Sundancer in our life.
JoinedJun 7, 2024
Messages289
Likes received68,284
Feb 2, 2026
Add bookmark
#5,514

Chapter 68: A Land of Opportunity
​


The police commissioner enjoyed his cigars, and so did all his friends. A haze of wispy gray smoke enveloped the room, the old-timey office of rich carpets and muted beige walls resembling a misty night on the streets of Vale.

As the odd one out, Jaune tried to not let it get to him. The police officers from the library brought him in as a guest on instructions from their boss, this man. Sour things here, and that status might change to detainee. Or more likely, suspect-at-large.

It amounted to a lot of sitting around, sipping a cup of subpar tea as the people in the room told him stories.

Not their stories. Not 'exactly' their stories. They would be absent, otherwise.

"That was the last I ever saw of Tommy," one said, finishing his tale as smoke curled around him. Jaune couldn't see him, or the others, very well from his spot in the plush armchair set before the commissioner's desk. He had asked who they were, these men and women, and was still waiting on that answer. "Walked out of prom with the prettiest girl we ever did see, and out of our lives. I check back with his family, sometimes, until his case went cold."

With a scoff, the man settled back into his seat. A short period of silence followed, as it had done a few times now. A part of the ritual, almost, before somebody else took the spotlight, and on it went, this… whatever this was.

The police commissioner, a fat man in a fine suit, seemed to sense his waning attention and motioned for the others to cease their talking. They took cue from the man, diverting their activities toward studying Jaune with an unnerving focus, puffing on their cigars or taking a drink of their whiskey glass. The scrutiny gave him the uncomfortable impression that he was sitting in front of a panel of judges.

He glanced around the room. With the glass cabinet full of expensive-looking bottles, the pool table, and the occupants, the place had the air of a private club. Newspaper clippings the commissioner deemed worthy of recollection decorated the wall, the smoky haze blurring the words and pictures. A trophy depicting a football quarterback rested on the desk, taking pride of place—either a son, or the man himself in a bygone age before the big meals and cigar-damaged lungs. Near it, a picture in a frame, rotated to face the room so everyone can admire the sight of the commissioner holding a hunting rifle while posing next to his quarry.

He couldn't quite make out what kind of animal it was. Not a deer. Not a moose. Not boar, nor bear. An odd creature defined by what it was not. His gaze returned to the man behind the desk, who had yet to voice the thoughts on his mind.

Well, if Lisa had ever taught him anything, it would be the importance of seizing the initiative in a conversation. It paid to have the first word, the last word, all the words at a moment like this.

Clearing his throat, he said, "So, I guess we might as well cut to the chase. Someone told me before I came in that my killing of the vampires who attacked my friends could be… problematic?"

He phrased it nice and polite, framing the situation just right to deflect the blame. Life taught him a few bad lessons, and they stuck. He should probably feel ashamed about that, except, uh, he was also pretty sure he didn't want to go to jail (and wouldn't) or break out of a police station (the reason why he wouldn't go to jail).

The hasty research Lisa had done on the way over, via a phone taken from a tranquilized vampire, revealed a little more on the situation in this world. The back pages of the newspaper that morning hadn't been as irrelevant as she dismissed at first. That bigfoot yeti thing did exist (or had, until the last known one died decades back with only rumors of sightings remaining), and alongside it came a whole host of other mythical species, still alive and strong, if small in numbers. They lived among people nowadays, with IDs and everything.

Records, domiciles, all the stuff that made a citizen. Therein lay the problem.

Apparently, what he did could be considered a crime around here, with a good enough lawyer. A fact that might have somewhat changed his approach to subduing the vampires had he known—aw, who was he kidding? They tried killing his friends, and he answered in the time-honored tradition of "No, you."

"Vampires?" The commissioner said, balking. Or appeared to, anyway. "What vampires? The only ones we have are in lockup."

Well, okay then. Not such a big problem after all.

Laughter sprang up around him, every person there joining in. He assumed that he was the joke at first, but they winked at him when he turned his head to look, inviting him to laugh along with them.

"Be careful with your words, boy," one said, wagging his finger at Jaune. "Don't go admitting to things you haven't done."

Jaune frowned. "I don't quite understand."

The police commissioner found that very amusing, chuckling as he beckoned for Jaune to lean closer. He quieted the room once more, and spoke in a stage whisper.

"There's a set of little-known statutes, and it's best that it stays that way to not upset the status quo, so mum's the word, alright? Anyway, a couple rules still on the books put you in the clear, and that's the end of it as far as I'm concerned."

That brought up a number of questions, chief of which was this: Had Lisa been wrong?

"These rules, they allow me to kill with impunity?"

"More the line of… deniability," said the commissioner. "Their kind has tried, but they never managed to repeal the old laws. How can they? It protects them, too, and the crimes they commit."

"Exists within its framework," a voice murmured.

"Was there when it was signed," said another, darkly smiling. "They agreed."

The commissioner nodded to his colleagues, taking a puff of his cigar and holding it between two fingers as he blew a smoke ring. "Now, it won't surprise me none if there's some grumbling from that crowd about whether you've taken the proper legal steps, but with how my friend there is spinning it?" He pointed to an old man with a hawkish nose, who mimed tipping his hat. "Nobody is asking the wrong questions. You've slain monsters."

Monsters. The inflection the police commissioner put into that word sounded familiar to Jaune's ears. It mirrored how he understood the term. A beast did not always have scales and breathed fire. Some might pass him by on an evening walk without receiving a glance.

It dawned on him, and he'd have to tell Lisa later, that this word operated on different rules than what the girl was used to, even if the geography stayed the same. Closer to his side of things.

The commissioner placed the cigar back in his mouth. He chewed on the end, speaking around it. "A lot of missing person reports make their way across my desk because of their lot. So if one of them goes missing? Well, that's because of them, too. You understand what I'm saying?"

Jaune sat back in his chair, eyes drifting to the ceiling in thought. "Yeah. Yeah, I think I do."

"Good, I see a bright future for a boy like you, especially if you're intending to keep at this line of work. You might even see me throwing a few jobs your way in the days to come. Been too long since we had one of your sort."

"My sort?"

The many faces in the room grinned at him, the commissioner's widest among them.

"Why, monster hunters."

No caps. Typical.



-o-
​


A step outside the door, and the old—quaint, even—trappings of the police commissioner's office gave way to the sleek grays of a modern workplace. Policemen walked to and fro in a state of perpetual hurry, their pace akin to a run in other circumstances. A few spared Jaune a glance, with eyebrows raising at the sight of him shaking hands with the police commissioner before the door shut.

Free to leave, he retraced the route he took, down an elevator and across a lobby. Perhaps the military cut of the Gallian jacket had something to do with it, for the people in the building accepted his presence as natural. He leaned into that to avoid being waylaid. Walk with purpose, look the part, and a person like him could well blend in with the blur of faces.

Lisa was the only one waiting to greet him. She lingered on the steps to the station, half-sitting on the stone balustrade with her arms crossed. Her gaze snapped to him before the door could fully open.

"Hey. Where are the others?" he said, descending the steps.

"Cafe across the street," she replied in a clipped tone, her impatience becoming clear as she changed the subject. "So? How did it go?"

"Good, I think. I'm walking free, and I might have had a job interview."

That earned him her full, undivided attention. He reported further on the happenings within the commissioner's office at her eager prompting. Except, as the recounting proceeded along, her frown grew and grew until she outright cursed. By the end, she was stomping her feet and clutching her hair.

"I could have gotten us an actual deal!" she raged. "Found dirt on all the people in there, run this town. Why did I miss this, uuugh!"

Jaune scratched his head, glancing around to make sure nobody had overheard those remarks. "I'm a little concerned about half the stuff you mentioned, but… yeah, it would have been great with you in there. Too bad you destroyed that secretary. The commissioner was kind of miffed about that."

"She deserved it, talking to me like she did," Lisa insisted. "The only reason she has a job is because she's fucking her boss!"

Although he already somewhat guessed, according to Lisa's suppositions the police commissioner and his friends must count among the upper echelon of New York City. Influential, with wealth in spades. Those for whom the phrase 'movers and shakers' applied.

Yes, Lisa had the right of it. Their team would be running this town by now, had she stayed her tongue for a minute longer.

Zero chance, in other words.

"Next time," he comforted her, guiding her away from the station and toward the crosswalk at the intersection. No point standing around when they could regroup with the rest of their team, and grab a coffee along with it. "They mentioned passing jobs on to me, so I will probably meet them again."

Lisa's wallowing lessened at the news, features overtaken by a calculating look. "Right. That's right, there's opportunity here." She shook a finger at him. "You're providing a service that other people can't. That makes you super valuable."

He held up a hand, stopping her short.

"Before I agree to anything, I have to ask. Were they telling me the truth? We're no strangers to this. Remember Crowley?"

A scowl flitted across Lisa's face at the mention of that man, prompting her to think long and hard. Their conversation went on hold, and she was soon lost to her research. The phone she stole from a vampire saw one query followed by the next, building out a clearer picture. In no hurry, Jaune watched the clouds, leaving the girl to do what she did best.

The pedestrian lights were taking forever, anyway. He stood on the sidewalk corner, one foot tapping as cars streamed by.

After working it through, Lisa waggled her hand in a 'so-so' gesture. "Ehhh. They made their side look more sympathetic than it really is, but I can confirm some of their claims. This world doesn't realize it, but the amount of people going missing is way higher than normal… smaller count of murders than Earth Bet, though, for whatever reason," she added as an aside.

"You suspect that the vampires are killing off humans, then," Jaune guessed. "In places where people don't pay attention to."

Creatures lurking in the dark, feasting on innocents. More and more, it reminded him of home, in a bad way.

"Them, or any of the dozens of known species. On the other hand, the yetis are gone, the minotaurs are gone, and I highly doubt they vanished into thin air."

She cocked an eyebrow in a way that conveyed she knew for 100% certainty they had not, and he would be stupid if he did not take her at her word. All that, with one twitch of a muscle.

He was getting pretty good at this.

"What they've told you back in that room speaks to a lot of tension simmering," Lisa concluded. A grin broke through. "That means they are seeing genuine use in you, which offers us security."

The lights turned, and they crossed the wide avenue. Five lanes of traffic rumbled their engines, the drivers glaring at them as if they had been personally responsible for the red stop light. Past the long window of the cafe, he spotted Escha with her face plastered to the cold glass. Fischl was petting her, and she shyly waved at them.

"Of course," Lisa piped up when he opened the door to the cafe, "you do realize that they'll want you to go to war against the supernatural, right?"

He paused at the threshold, and looked back at her. Through her, to the city where people went about their peaceful days.

"No, thanks. I'm in it to hunt monsters."



-o-
​


A car traveled down the highway, under the pale circle that was the unbroken full moon. On either side, faint lights of houses stretched into the woods, along rivers, up mountains.

Jaune craned his neck to watch it all, this magical land. The wind whipped up his hair every which way, a rat's nest after it was done. Still, he sat on the open window of the car with a hand on the grab handle for balance, savoring each second of the hours-long drive.

It had been easy to hear about. To look at on a map. A kingdom that spanned from sea to sea, filled with people. Lisa had laughed at him, and decided that he needed to know the place he had ended up in, this America where on and on the road went, seeming to never end.

Exits from the highway led into towns and cities, homes and streets lit up bright. Lisa had detoured into one, just to let him see. He took a picture of it.

Eventually, he heard Lisa calling, and climbed back inside to drop onto a worn seat. The beat-up clunker of a sedan they bought from a dodgy car shop didn't boast much in the way of frills, but it had cupholders for their drinks, a radio playing a soft beat, and a chair with room for him to stretch his legs. Good enough to journey up north, and might open the doors for them to better things in America.

"We're close," Lisa informed him, tapping the navigation screen on the stolen phone. "Tinmouth is the next exit."

The trip involved more than a simple adventure, or he would have brought the other along. They had business to conduct of the less than aboveboard kind. Before the vampire attack, Lisa managed to compile a list of contacts offering the services they were looking for. New identities, documents and backgrounds both. The top of the list was one Kurt Volkov, who promised the goods ready to go that very night, had they the payment.

A gold coin rolled across his knuckles, flicked forward and caught on the upraised palm.

Their car peeled off the highway onto a smaller road, which soon placed them in a sleepy rural settlement. Houses sat far apart on farm plots, with barns and silos a typical feature. They hit the town center, a smattering of buildings comprising a single street. This time of night, only a few other cars were on the road. Outsiders, Lisa pointed to the metal plates on the back as an explanation, acting as if it was obvious. The locals would be in bed. They drove out of the town center and deeper into the woods.

"Are you sure we're going the right way?" he asked after a while. He stuck his head out the window, peering into the dark. "This isn't what I imagine when I think of a forger. Normally, they're in the cities. Best ones operate behind a front, like a nightclub."

"How do you—oh, right, I forgot that you're tapped into that crowd." Lisa shook her head, sighing as if to lament the company she kept.

"Don't make it sound like I'm a career criminal," Jaune retorted. "It was a one-time thing."

Tonk, tonk went her nails on the navigation screen again. "Is it?"

"This one doesn't count." He averted his eyes. "It's… for a good cause?"

Lisa snickered. "Have you ever heard of ethical egoism, Jaune?" She turned the wheel to divert them onto a dirt road.

"I don't think so."

"Heheh. Well, just know that it is very ethical. Super ethical, even." The car slowed down. "Oh hey, I bet that's it up ahead."

Trees gave way to open space, the dirt road leading them to a large tract of farmland. Harvest season had yet to arrive for the fields of corn, the stalks standing tall as they dried in the cool air. A two-story farmhouse rested up ahead, a home lovingly painted in red with an oversized doghouse beside the steps. The covered porch wrapped around the building, with a big yellow box of a car parked on one side. Lisa brought their car to a rest next to that vehicle, and turned off the engine.

He reached for the handle of the car door, but Lisa stopped him.

"Alright, quick gameplan. First thing to know, this guy will try to stiff us."

His hand retracted, and he turned to better face her. "You always pick the best people to work with. What gave him away?" No point asking if she was certain. If she said so, then the forger would.

"His email. How people word them matters, and his was filled with aggressive language. He confirmed the price twice, fixated on it. The first email took an hour for a reply, second one returned in ten minutes. He's hard up for money and is hoping to jack it higher at the table, with threats if we don't agree."

Which neatly explained his presence on this trip. Intimidation was the game, and while he didn't have the right face for the job, the ability to lift a man one-handed went far.

"Sword, or no sword?" he asked.

Lisa rolled her eyes, and patted him on the shoulder. "Oh man, you have so much to learn. Us Americans just aren't that afraid of bladed weapons these days. Try a firearm, instead. Nothing like a big ole gun to get through a wannabe mobster's head to not mess with you."

That didn't make any sense to him. Hacked to death or shot to death, either way, you were dead. Still, he supposed Lisa knew Earth better than him, and so he nodded.

"Sounds simple enough. Need me to put on an act?"

"No. Stand behind me and let me do the talking."

A simple division of responsibility. Her to spin a yarn, him to look pretty. The usual, really.

Plan set, they exited the vehicle. Ruhm appeared to hand, lifted to rest on his shoulder. The lights were on in the house, with lamps illuminating the porch, and he moved to the side to see if he could glimpse anybody within, spotting a TV playing a sports game in front of an empty armchair. Their contact was home, at least, and likely on his way to the door.

Jaune took a few steps toward the house, halting when he heard the sigh. He turned around to find that Lisa hadn't moved.

The girl stood next to the car, head tilted back and eyes closed. A breeze blew strands of her hair out of place, but she didn't mind it and didn't seem aware of him, idly running a hand over the car hood as she breathed in the night air.

"Lisa?" he called back, and his voice woke her. She opened her eyes to look at him.

"I like this," she declared, with a soft smile on her lips.

He checked their surroundings. "Lisa the farmer, huh? I have to admit, that never occurred to me." The same soft smile answered him. "Not that, then?"

She shook her head, walking around the car. Her hip bumped against him in passing.

"Figure it out. But not tonight. C'mon, let's go meet the mark."

A confusing person, as always. She looked… happy.

As they approached the front steps, Jaune heard the sliding of locks and bolts. Moments later, the door to the house opened. Light streamed out, with a figure appearing at the threshold.

"Hello!" the figure said, his voice deep and booming. "Welcome!"

"Jaune, shoot him."

A lot happened in a short time. Lisa's smile turned plastic. The clouds peeled back to reveal the pale celestial body above. He spun to her, a question on his lips. And Kurt Volkov stepped out into the moonlight.

The sound of snapping bones alerted Jaune that the situation had gone wrong. Very, very wrong.

Volkov screamed out in pain, yet kept a grin on his face. There was something to that grin, a sharpness that set Jaune's teeth on edge. It reminded him of the dark woods, of Grimm.

Yellow entered Volkov's eyes, before, with another snap, he hunched over. Despite the bright illumination, his form grew darker, and bigger. His limbs bent and twisted in sickening ways, developing new joints. The tracksuit he wore strained, then ripped apart entirely. Claws scraped the wooden porch, tearing gashes.

What rose up was no man, but a wolf.

It threw back its head, and howled—

Bang.

The bullet tore through the jaw, shattering it, and the bloodcurdling howl ended up as more of a yip. It hadn't fallen, however, so Jaune pulled the trigger again, sending another bullet straight into the wolf's heart, then a third into the same spot.

Volkov keeled over, dead. His large frame hit the porch with a resounding crash that cracked the floorboards. In his wake, silence returned to the surroundings.

"Holy crap, Volkov is a werewolf!"

Until Lisa broke it.

"Was," Jaune corrected, snapping out of his stupor to come closer and nudge the hulking body with a foot. "Yep, dead as a doorknob."

Fur of a deep brown had overtaken Volkov. The remnants of his face showed an elongated snout, with feral eyes that in death retained a sense of hunger. Not much of a human remained.

"What was his deal? I thought you said he wanted to stiff us for money."

Hearing the accusation in his tone, Lisa spluttered, "In a way, he was gonna!" Her gaze flicked to the side. "He just… would have eaten us to do it rather than make threats. How was I supposed to know that he was a werewolf? That part didn't get advertised, and the forgery business was legit—" Lisa froze solid. "But it was a full moon!" she cried, as the truth dawned on her.

Proof, if proof was needed, that Lisa did not know everything. She had considered every logical possibility, predicted the many scenarios. Then, bam!

Werewolf.

"Also, would you please stop poking at him?" she added, sounding put out that he hadn't given her revelation its proper due.

"Come on, this is fascinating." He shifted the body over. "Terrifying, too. He resembles a Beowolf Grimm. See the back legs here? Practically identical."

How deep did the similarities go? Because research into the internals of a Grimm never got far, due to them vanishing to smoke. With Volkov, that could change. The mystery might finally have an answer.

"Stop poking at him," Lisa commanded in a harder voice.

He waved her off. "Lisa, I am standing on the cusp of life-changing discoveries here. This may be the breakthrough my world is looking for. I… I have to take the body. For science."

"Uh-huh. Is that so? That's very interesting, Jaune." Lisa seemed to mean it, too. "But I'm more concerned about the other werewolves right now."

His brows furrowed, and he turned to her. "Other werewolves? What other—"

His gaze drifted past her to the figures crawling out of the corn fields. Growls emitted from their throats, low and threatening. The baleful yellow of their eyes were locked onto the dearly departed Volkov.

"Ah, them." He stopped poking the body. "They don't look pleased."

"Try apoplectic. They want to tear you limb from limb, and food doesn't come into the equation. Volkov. He was their leader. Pack leader. Wolves see their pack as family. With these numbers, it's a whole clan with him the patriarch. And you killed him."

"What's this 'you' business, Gossip Girl?" Jaune stepped up beside her, aiming his rifle as a warning for the werewolves to back off. Not that it worked. "We are in this together."

Oddly, she seemed quite happy with that.

The new werewolves came in various hues, and different sizes. Their normal clothes hung off them in tatters, strips of fabric stretched across their tall frames. They stalked over the grounds, twitching whenever his rifle pointed their way but continuing to advance. It suggested that some measure of intelligence still dwell within their heads, not at all the brutish beasts he hoped for.

A clattering from above led him to peer upward. The snarling visage of a wolf glared down at him from the roof.

"Would you look at that? They understand that combat is three-dimensional."

Quick as a flash, he jerked his rifle up and fired off a shot, the bullet slamming home in the werewolf's eye. Its falling body marked the start of the battle.

Dozens of howls harmonized into a war cry, and the creatures broke into a loping charge. Lisa took cover behind him as he let loose on the trigger. With the car midway between them and the werewolves, escape wasn't in the cards.

Bang!

"...was supposed to be a game of hunting…"

Bang!

"...picked any other day, nothing would…"

Bang!

"...are coming. Mechanic, doctor, housewife, priest, they're embedded at all levels…"

Bang!

She talked, he killed. They split the job neatly. His clip ran empty right around the time the werewolf from the roof got up, his last shot spent for a point-blank blast straight down its throat. By then, the werewolves had reached close quarters. Pushing Lisa back into the wall, he traded Ruhm for Red Rook. With both hands, he swung the gunlance to smack a leaping werewolf in the midriff, folding it in half and launching it over the heads of its brethren.

That didn't kill it, though. Same went for a lot of the bullets he fired. Werewolves bled from the holes in their head, their chest, their throat. They wheezed and stumbled, untold damage wreaked within. Yet, they advanced, and he couldn't move anywhere lest it left Lisa undefended.

Boom!

Now, that shot made them pause for a split second. The gunlance shell had struck a werewolf in the face, and blasted the entire head to smithereens. No shrugging that one off.

Of course, it also sent them to new heights of rage. The howls deafened the fields and forests for miles around.

[Third Arm] reached out, grabbing one werewolf and pulling it toward him so that the beast careened into a second werewolf. The tip of the lance slipped between its rib cage to skewer both upon the pole. The lance disappeared, replaced by Crocea Mors as he spun and lobbed off the hand of a third that had been lunging for Lisa. That werewolf screamed, and snapped out its other hand to slap him away, its claws raking his chest.

He hit the wall of the house. Wood crunched behind him at the impact from a blow whose strength did not fit the werewolf's lanky arm. Beside him, Lisa shot a sleep dart that jabbed into the werewolf's shoulder to little effect. The monster leapt, jaws opened wide and aimed at Jaune's neck.

Jaune shoved the shield for Red Rook between the rows of teeth, wedging it open. A twist of his arm, a pivot of the heels, and he threw the werewolf against the ground. His blade descended to remove its head, then flicked upward to slice a nasty gash on the next arrival, right between the nose to fill the nostrils with blood. That werewolf went near insane, lashing out in a frenzy that caught its allies more than doing anything to him and Lisa.

Their noses were keen, and the scent of blood had a particular effect on them. Good to know.

"They have a sense of smell akin to dogs, and blood specifically riles them up. It might be the iron content."

"Thanks for the tip, Lisa." He made no mention of his own earlier deduction.

With how many werewolves there were, they had gotten close by now, way too close. Before they could pile on, he pulled Lisa into a hug and lashed [Third Arm] to the edge of the roof. The shadowy limb stretched like a bungee cord, then contracted to yank them into the air. Rockets engaged beneath his feet to help him move faster. The pair landed on the sloped surface, finding temporary reprieve.

A head peeked above the edge. Boom! It was gone. More took its place, vaulting up and sinking in their claws into the shingles to maintain balance.

A flashbomb, fashioned from the innards of a flash bug, popped into his hand.

"Lisa, close your eyes."

Night turned to day, and he launched forward, tearing through the blinded werewolves as a whirlwind, slicing left and right before shoving their bleeding forms off the roof. Hitting the edge, he jumped, the rockets launching him into a flip that carried him back to the top of the roof where Lisa crouched with a hand holding on to the chimney.

"They're not all that tough," he assured her. Angry roars and the sound of fighting below brought a satisfied smile to his face. He sat down on the roof. "And now they're sightless, frenzied, and in close quarters with one another. It's over."

Not believing him, Lisa stayed on her guard. Her face was pale as she listened to the slaughter.

Over time, however, she gleaned the general direction things were headed, and joined him in getting comfortable. The occasional werewolf popped up, but they lacked the semi-organized charge of previous, and found themselves dispatched by him in quick order. The rest remained locked in combat, the pack turning on itself even after the effects of the flashbomb dissipated. There might have been a killer of a pack member up here, but so were there killers down there, violence begetting violence as they killed and were killed in turn.

"I'm going to have to remember this tactic," he said in idle thought. He caught the disturbed look on Lisa. "What?"

"...Nothing. That's a good idea. I guess I just didn't expect it from you." A wan smile, and she added, "You really are a Hunstman. A Monster Hunter."

He didn't get what she meant, but… "I am, and don't you forget it."

Lisa sighed, dropping her face in her hands. "Vampires. Werewolves. What the fuck is even my life?"

"I'd call it a very exciting time," he said with a laugh. "A shame the deal was a trap, though. Tonight's not our night, huh?"

"Tomorrow's a new day. I have more names on the list that we can contact. Next one is further north, but back over the state line in New York. A Lupa Lykos, from Lake Placid."

"Sounds like a plan. Let's take the others along this time. Make a trip of it."

Lisa agreed. And with that, they sat back to wait out the battle.

As werewolves warred, Jaune's gaze turned upward. For a time, he said nothing, simply watching the good moon on the rise.


Author's Notes: What a peaceful world, until Jaune decided to make it less so.

Not quite an epic battle, but that's the vibe, I suppose. He is the big fish in a small pond here.

Time for a new world, methinks. Can't get bogged down with basebuilding. It's best in bits and pieces.
Last edited: Feb 3, 2026
Stories:
QQ Sneaking His Way into the Multiverse , a RWBY Jaune, WC-lite mechanics story.
Other RWBY stories on AO3 or FF - Yakuza Arc | Conquered Menagerie: Annals of the Sixth Kingdom | Cat, Bunny, and the Good Ship Honey Starbright | The Agent
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:m213, Yuck, Amdiranifani and 426 others
LazyAutumnMoon
Feb 2, 2026
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 69: A Farmboy from Kansas
View content
LazyAutumnMoon
LazyAutumnMoon
We all need Sundancer in our life.
JoinedJun 7, 2024
Messages289
Likes received68,284
Feb 8, 2026
Add bookmark
#5,598

Chapter 69: A Farmboy from Kansas
​


A soaked Jaune Arc dragged himself out of the water, dressed only in his boxer briefs. His hand came up to tear off the slim, compact rebreather he wore, revealing the beaming smile on his face at a job well done. The lake at his back was on fire. On fire, with a section of it dyed red due to the blood.

It… had been a long night.

He walked past Hu Tao's sitting form on the pier, clapping her upon the shoulder in silent thanks for her stellar assistance. 10/10 would tap her when he needed it again. Platonically speaking.

Hu Tao seemed too preoccupied to acknowledge the gesture, however. Because, whoops, he was still mostly naked with the rest of his clothes sitting in his Pocket so that they wouldn't hinder his movements underwater. A hasty apology and he continued on, all too aware of her eyes on his back.

The police had arrived at some point prior, the flashing lights of their patrol cars illuminating the secluded clearing in which the house sat. The fire must have drawn them here, or maybe the explosions from the bomb barrels did it. A fair number eyed him with a measure of wariness, at a guess due to them catching the tail end of the last ten minutes. He spotted officers over by the driveway lugging computer equipment out of a side entrance, and a small part of him winced at what it meant for his group's prospects of legal identities in America—no good deeds went unpunished, it seemed. Near there, another pair of policemen directed an elderly woman into the back of a squad car while she wailed for her fallen god.

In a twist that nobody could have possibly foreseen, Lupa Lykos turned out to be a werewolf.

Yes, right on the heels of the person yesterday. What were the chances?

Anyway, her arrest had precisely nothing to do with that.

A sweet lady with a particular set of skills from her younger days, Lupa Lykos pursued a slew of less-than-legal side gigs to keep afloat in her twilight years. Since the full moon had passed, the werewolf side never emerged beyond a set of long fingernails that she used to cut a taut string while they talked. He would even dare to say that they hit it off.

The elaborate series of dominoes, see-saws, pressure plates, tipping garden gnomes, a large rock, and the swinging log hidden above the entrance of her home that sent him sailing into the lake… was a different story. Especially once the aforementioned rock hit the water surface to rouse the bus-sized monster lurking beneath Lake Wrongfully Named. 'Sacrificed by a cultist to feed their god' could now go on his bingo card.

Hunting that giant crocodile had almost felt like fighting dragons again, but underwater. Good times.

He weaved through the various ongoings, the police giving him a wide berth. Over by the porch, Lisa chatted with an officer, and snippets of their conversation reached his ears upon his approach. Quite a tale, she told. Full of plausible reasons for the presence of him, her, and the others on the property that the uniformed woman could jot down in her report. Knowing winks passed between them as they reinterpreted events in a way that did not so much paint a picture as it painted over the picture.

Lies, Lies, and more lies. Yet, with everybody in on the game, it caused no harm and smoothed out the proceedings. The police received their answer to—and this was judging by the field of bones he found at the bottom of the lake—a ludicrous amount of unsolved cases that the force could claim the credit for, thus guaranteeing hefty appreciation from the public at large and a budget increase in the near future. In return, they saw no cause to look too deeply into the how and who of the meddling kids that cracked the mystery.

He let Lisa work her magic, lingering a short distance away so that he could scan the area for other members of his team. Last he checked, Bennett had been helping Escha plant her bomb barrels on canoes, shoving the traps into the lake for him to lead the crocodile toward. The pair must have made themselves scarce before the police got here. Lisa's decision, most likely. She did mention that the hunting etiquette from his and Escha's worlds might find pushback from local authorities.

Fischl, he found through Oz. The raven kept circling a tall tree planted next to the house, and among its autumn leaves Jaune spied a lithe form hidden on standby, close enough to provide backup for the girl below should the situation called for it. Nobody else had noticed her yet, and he made a subtle wiggle of his hand to greet her.

The tree shook, and Fischl appeared within view for a split second before vanishing again. If he was not mistaken, she had just slipped and fell from her perch. The why escaped him, until he caught the repeated sidelong glances sent his way from the police officer as she asked Lisa increasingly inane questions to draw out the conversation.

Right. Clothes. Better get on that soon.

Lisa agreed with the sentiment. "Put some pants on!" she ordered him after shooing away the officer.

He gave a helpless shrug as he walked over to join her. "As I recall, you were the one telling me to cool it with my abilities before they sic a nu-cleah weapon on me." From context clues and prior experience, a nu-cleah weapon translated to 'sexy, silver-haired angel with a big cannon'. He… wouldn't call that a bad thing, depending. "Unless you can find a pair of jeans lying around here, I'm out of luck."

"I—" Lisa paused, biting her lips as she looked him up and down. "Oh whatever, do as you like. Anyway, good job dealing with that crocodile. I wish you had been quieter about it, but what's done is done."

"Hey, now. You can do better than that," said Jaune, fishing for compliments. He planted his fists on his hips. "Did you catch the rodeo with me standing on its back? And the flip at the end? I got an amazing picture out of it to remember that thing by."

Lisa nodded along. Then, with a roll of her eyes, she cut in snidely, "Yeeeah, and alerting the cops with your antics nixed our chances of using her files to put together a set of IDs ourselves."

At that revelation, his mood sank like a stone. His gaze turned to the van that the officers were filling up with evidence.

"I did notice them grabbing her stuff. Is there nothing we can do? Maybe if we claim it as spoils…" The look on her face told him enough.

"Nope, and trust me, I tried. This incident is going to make headlines, and the police aren't risking anything to jeopardize that. My usual methods won't cut it. Nothing short of me blackmailing the entire department, that is." Her eyebrows waggled. Hint, hint.

He blanched, holding up his hands to stop her. "Let's not go that far. We aren't desperate."

"In that case, it's on to the next forger for us. I'm positive this one won't be a werewolf."

And she had been right about that. It definitely was not a werewolf.

That person did not pan out, for… reasons. Or lived, for… reasons. The same fate befell the one after them. He kept suggesting they find a contact inside New York City, to break the pattern, but Lisa insisted that the city—the Big Apple, she called it—was too hot to handle at their level. That they would be stepping on toes.

So, Jaune pressed on, and in the days that followed he began to internalize the lessons.

The sun sat high in the sky as Jaune walked up the gravel driveway to a simple one-story home. It was midmorning in the town of Sleepy Hollow, a time sure to annoy any vampires and make them think twice about fighting outside their element, while neutering werewolves altogether. It did zilch for wendigos and invisible people, but that was where good sharp steel came into play. His knuckles rapped on the door, three soft beats rounded out with a louder finale.

Afterward, a deliberate step back and to the left cleared him some room. It left plenty of space for him and Bennett, who stood toward the right of the door, to work with. At this angle, they both could summon their weapons and have a clear shot at any possible aggressor charging out of the house. The distance between them also split the attention, reducing the risk of an instant knockout via snaky gorgon stares—that had been a fun ten minutes of doing absolutely nothing until Hu Tao rescued them—or mechanical contraptions involving sawblades and acid—a fun ten minutes of chasing a mad inventor through his horror house of deathtraps to rescue Oz from a fate as a living battery.

Footsteps inside informed him of the homeowner's approach, sharpening his instincts to a state of alert. Plans of engagement played within his mind, three to start that might develop into specific strategies depending on who opened that door. Each one began with a smile, because friendliness could always make a difference.

Also, it made people let their guards down.

The footsteps ended directly on the other side of the door, and Jaune imagined the person studying him through the peephole. Whatever they found must have satisfied, for they stepped back and unlatched the lock. The door swung open.

A young man not far from his own age ducked his head in greeting.

"Hi there! What can I do for you?"

Jaune eyed the young man for a brief moment before answering. The jeans and t-shirt lacked strands of loose fur. No hat, so no nest of snakes waiting to be unleashed. Short sleeves displayed spindly arms that spoke of less exercise than doctors advised, although he hesitated to dismiss their threat outright—it did not preclude muscle enhancements from a transformation.

Finally, he spoke up. "Good morning, I'm here to pick up the papers. You might remember a certain AllSeeingEye on the inter-net? I'm the person they were talking about."

The young man brightened, recognizing Lisa's handle.

"Perfect! I was afraid you were random solicitors for a minute there." The forger turned to the side, hands going for something out of view to cause Jaune and Bennett to tense up. A needless worry, as he returned with a small stack of folders, placing it in Jaune's grip. "Here you are, five sets of IDs with the full premium work, digital files in the USB drive there. Plus two more for your pets. First time I had an order for that one, I can tell you that… What's wrong?"

Jaune stared at the young man. Looked down at the folders. Looked up again.

The sequence of events did not compute, leaving him stranded in a situation for which he held no frame of reference. In some small way, reality had broken.

He swallowed his spit. "That's it?" he asked, a tremble in his voice. It couldn't be so simple. It couldn't. "Are you a werewolf?" he pressed. "A shapeshifter? Dullahan? C'mon, you can tell me."

The forger gave him an odd look.

"Uhhh, no?"

"What about a scientist?" Bennett chimed in. The acid that dissolved his clothing had left its mark on the boy. Poor Fischl still couldn't look him in the eyes, even a day later.

The man scratched his head, brows furrowing. "Guys, what is this about?"

Jaune and Bennett shared a glance, both forced to come to grips with the fact that they were having a normal interaction with a person. In a flash, big smiles appeared on their faces and they turned back to the forger.

"Nothing. No problems here," Bennett said.

"Thank you for your time," Jaune added, passing the folders over for Bennett to hold. "Let me get your payment."

He rummaged around in his poncho, pretending to search for money while summoning it from his Pocket. Since the money he won from the Super Reality Climax deathgame didn't match the local version of the dollar, and gold proved a cumbersome tool here, his team had hit up pawnshops along their routes all over New York and the neighboring regions to trade in their wealth. Courtesy of his partner's negotiations, the stash had grown to a sizable sum over the course of the week in exchange for very little gold. His hand withdrew a stack of bills that had the forger's eyes going wide.

The man licked his lips. "That's, wow. You walking with that much cash in your pockets? You guys must be some high rollers, huh?"

"Something like that. I—"

The forger whipped out a handgun tucked behind his back. "Give me every"—Jaune grabbed him by the wrist, twisting it onto itself and hearing a snap—"yaaargh!"

Earth people could be so fragile. A kick sent the man sprawling, the handgun falling to hit the floor with a clatter. Crocea Mors appeared in Jaune's grip as he advanced inside the house.

"Boss?"

He vanished the weapon, and turned his head to show Bennett a friendly look.

Bennett and Fischl resembled Lisa in a certain aspect, shying away from the idea of him putting a backstabbing, double-dealing scoundrel in the ground. The giant crocodile had been fine, the werewolves confused them, and anything more human than those got him a worried side-eye. Even Hu Tao, who expressed understanding, balked at his answers to the hypotheticals posed over dinner by a Lisa who had wasted no time reinforcing her lessons on Earth norms once she spotted allies.

Before, he could dismiss it as Lisa's quirks. Now…

The people around him saw something wrong in him, and that thought disturbed Jaune to no end.

Movements at the corner of his vision drew his notice, just in time for the forger to pull the trigger on the gun he had retrieved. A victorious grin split the man's face, wiped off as the bullet slammed into a glowing force field, manifested to protect Jaune from harm.

Not his Aura. This field extended away from his body, a sphere shaped of swirling golden light. He had managed to work out one aspect of the Geo Vision, at least, and saw the potential right off the bat. The shield activated on command and could survive a fair amount of damage before crumbling, always coming back after a little while ready for use again. The best part, he did not experience the phantom pain that went with blows to his Aura.

The bullet ricocheted off the Geo shield and flew back at the forger, who had no time to react as it sliced a shallow line of his cheek, the brush with death freezing him in place. Hearing the screech that escaped his mouth, one would think him struck by a mortal wound. He cringed on himself, covering his face with his arms to ward off further attacks.

Not that Jaune did anything in that second half beyond standing there. He whistled, stepping closer to the puddle of cold sweat that was a man and taking a knee beside him. "Lucky break. Are you good?"

The forger mumbled an incoherent string of babble. Jaune looked to Bennett for help, getting a shrug.

"I'll take that as a yes," he decided. "So… we're not here to hurt you." The other man's stiff-faced whimper conveyed his disbelief, and Jaune's gaze darted to the broken wrist. "Much," he amended. An idea struck him, born of the awareness that this had been the tamest encounter with a forger thus far. "In fact, we'll even give you a ring for other jobs in the future and pay a fair price for it, assuming you don't try any more silly tricks. Deal?"

No response.

"I think he's passing out," Bennett commented.

"I almost prefer the werewolves," Jaune grumbled as a needle syringe popped into existence, and he plunged the stimpak into the man's shoulder.

Fear turned to awe as the forger witnessed his injuries recovering, the miracle healing doing a better job persuading the man to agree to their new arrangement than Jaune ever could. Eyes shining, the young man inquired about the 'magic juice' and its potential to let a person skip hospital visits—a costly affair, according to him.

The forger very much liked the answers he got, and his about-face was a marvel to behold. Star customers, they now were, if their group kept the witchcraft coming. Jaune left the house under odd circumstances, with the person who tried to shoot him waving goodbye and telling him to return any time.

A win for forgiveness, he supposed.

A leaf through the folders as he walked down the driveway confirmed the items Lisa wanted, and the file on him sounded quite convincing in his amateur view.

Jaune Arc was now a farmboy, raised honest if unaware of the world in the corn fields of Kansas. Faded membership cards fraying at the edges for gyms, dojos, and shooting ranges wove a backstory of training from an early age in hopes of entering the military, with him falling into the Monster Hunting gig to make ends meet after the family farm went under. A few years on, and now the farmboy held dreams of making it big in the city. His old plans of a uniform and a medal never panned out.

Call him optimistic, but the identity should pass muster in most circumstances. The crafted details were tight and coherent, giving people what they expected to see. It excused his ignorance of most things regarding Earth, and on the surface explained away his survival against the various beings he met in the past couple of days.

Nobody who looked into his background would believe him an alien from another world. Just a normal boy from Kansas, with an extraordinary future ahead of him.

As he walked by a bush on the side of the path, a bird popped out of it, followed by a head of blonde hair covered by a fashionable lace bonnet which served as the raven's perch. The lookout for their group, Fischl had her bow at the ready.

"Art thou safe?" fretted the girl, fingers tapping a rapid, nervous beat on her bow. "I heard the infernal noise of a 'gonne,' but you appeared hale at a distance and gave me no signal…"

"All fine," Jaune reassured her, waving for her to fall into step with him. "We worked it out with the guy. Here, check this out."

He passed her the folder marked with her name, Fischl von Luftschloss Narfidort. Bennett received his, too, and the two adventurers perused the story of their alternate egos with keen enthusiasm as they strolled along the road. A peek over their shoulders allowed him to glean some of the highlights.

Childhood friends, school records up to date until last month, logged volunteering hours at no doubt defunct local programs, bird rearing license. Ordinary civilians living their lives, the pages blared. Nothing to see here, move along.

"What do you think?" he asked.

Fischl opened her mouth, but the overeager Bennett got there first. Unbeknownst to the boy, she stepped aside and pretended that she had intended to give him the floor all along.

"I don't get this part," Bennett said, pointing to a page. "Do you know what it means?"

Jaune scanned the paper, parsing the unfamiliar terms and almost alien format. "Exemption to draft, it means you're resilient to the wind," he stated very confidently.

"Ohhhh," said Bennett. He studied his own arm. "I am pretty hardy." He looked up. "It's like you know everything, boss."

"Heh heh. Yeah."

He couldn't meet that earnest gaze, lest he admitted the truth. Anxious to change the subject, he directed his attention to his other companion.

"What about you, Fischl? How are you finding your new identity?"

Fischl gave a theatrical scoff, and skipped ahead of the group so that she could strike a pose. Her modern yet somehow dated dress lent her a doll-like quality, but she made it work, the frilly skirt flaring in the breeze as she planted her legs apart. Her hand pulled the bonnet low over her eyes.

"It captures but a mote, a mote, of mine true self. Adequate as a cover, perhaps, if rather lacking as compared to my majesty." She released her hat to wave in a dismissive manner. "It is no matter, for my shining tale is written in the stars. So long as you understand this, I am satisfied."

"Milady protests the lack of accolades and certifications to her name," said Oz. "Especially the award she once won in a writing contest. She was promised its inclusion in the documents."

"You're kidding!" Jaune said, taking her file to rifle through the pages. "That forger must have forgotten it. Let's go back and complain!"

Fischl stepped in front of him, waving both arms in a panic. "Wait, no!" She coughed. "I mean, there is no need to concern ourselves with the minor details. Why, I shall simply regard this as my chance to begin anew." Surer now, she smiled. "Yes, that is the way. My pen will take the world by storm, unbound from preconception… Can you help me sign up for a contest when I'm ready, i-if it isn't too much trouble?"

"I suppose, yes. That should be easy enough," he said. "I'll bet Lisa can put together a list of the ones nearby."

Fischl fidgeted, heels worrying against the ground. "I would really prefer that nothing tries to eat me when I go to submit my story."

Fair point. "Alright. For you, I'll venture into the inter-net. Just know that while Lisa has been a bit off her game recently, she did come through for us in the end today." He glanced at the folders. "And on that note, I should probably call to update her."

As they resumed their journey across the small town of Sleepy Hollow, he flipped open his phone and rang up the first (and only) entry. Lisa picked up on the third ring, as was her habit.

"Who dis?"

Jaune rolled his eyes. "Is it ever not me?"

"A girl can hope." Ouch. "Alright, no joke, how did it go?" she asked with a trace of resignation.

With a grin, he delivered the good news. "I have it. Our IDs."

A pause on the line. Then, "...You're serious. How many people are dead?"

"None. Oh, but I did break his wrist."

Over the line, he heard Lisa exhale a breath. Like the world had just made sense again.

"Dare I ask what species they were this time?"

"Human."

"Ahhh, the old reliable. Plain greed did it, I assume?" She did not wait for him to answer. "Send me the following from my file: driver's license, social security number, passport, and the fake utility bills that should be included. I've got all my ducks in a row, and that should let me set up everything."

He found the documents without issue, as the forger had oh so helpfully stuck them together with a paper clip. Picture after picture appeared in their text chat. Lisa had already started working on her end, the rapid click-clacking of a computer keyboard filling the empty space in their conversation. Jaune kept an ear open as he chatted with the two kids on his side.

They took turns regaling him of their adventures over the week. New sights, new scenes, this world presented fresh grounds in every aspect to them, and during the moments when they did not accompany him, they had spent it exploring far and wide. From taking the subway train to visiting the department store, trying out foods to getting roped into playing basketball, they received an eclectic mix of modern life experiences that strung together with hardly a semblance of structure.

Of course, not everything had gone well.

"I thought those carriages were supposed to stop at red lights," Bennett said, recounting his near collision with a car. "At least, that's what boss lady told me. And it was definitely a red light, but the person inside yelled at me." He hung his head. "So I must have done something wrong, but I don't know what."

Where to begin, to explain driving behavior? An entire evolution of the human mindset, built around an invention that had yet to arrive for Mondstadt. More than that, the sheer meanness on display in New York City overwhelmed the worst he ever saw in Vale. He had no good answers.

"I'd guess that it was a really bad day for them. I doubt everyone is like that. Remember the people at the cafe?"

Bennett's face flushed at the memory, and he looked away. "That was somehow worse."

Heh. Beauty standards across time and space was a funny thing, and it seemed to be hitting the newcomers as hard as it did him. Despite swapping for modern and mundane clothing, the pair still stood out in a crowd with the intensity of a lighthouse on a dark night, and even now drew gawking looks from the pedestrians.

"A model. Has to be. The dress is peak Japanese street fashion."

"What's she doing in Sleepy Hollow, then?"

"It fits, don't it?"

"That boy in the windbreaker is for sure a popstar."

"Canadian, you can just tell. Bieber Fever is back, god save us all."

"The tall one with them..."

On and on went the whispers, withstood by the pair to poor success. Their bright red faces led to outright sighs from various lovestruck teens.

"Bank account is done," reported Lisa. "Once it finalizes and we deposit money in there, I'll book somewhere we can stay longer term and we'll see about a phone plan for everybody. How do you feel about this place?"

A series of chiming bells emanated from the phone. He opened the text chat to a slew of photos, and the others gathered around to ooh and ahh with him over their prospective lodgings, a log cabin of great size set amidst a snowy landscape.

"It has all the amenities. Internet, hot water, full kitchen… Including the apartment, we would have five beds and three showers. I'm thinking of reserving it for a month, and then we can see how we go from there."

One detail of note stuck out to him, the lack of the concrete jungle. "This doesn't look much like New York City."

"The Catskills," she explained. "A few hours out. I've checked and a decent property in the city costs a lot. The top floor penthouse of my dreams will come after I study the market and put our cash to work. For now… Well, at the same rate and with less scrutiny, we can live in a sweet vacation rental where nobody bothers us, or rent a dingy unit with paper thin walls between us and our neighbors. Think about that."

A short discussion among the trio present, and Lisa found unanimous support. New York's bright lights had its charm, but a break from the noise, the odor, the… the whole cauldron of sensory overload, sounded pretty ideal. Months of living away from Vale got Jaune used to the peace and quiet, and that was how he preferred it to stay, with this world existing as a reprieve from his hectic days.

He would take the Big Apple in small bites.

"Glad you see it my way," Lisa smugly announced.

"How long is this going to take, would you say?"

"Mmm, about a week for everything to clear."

"That's time enough for us to earn some Points. What do you think, Lisa? Up for a trip?"

His grip tightened on the phone as he waited for her reply. And when she did, he pumped a fist to the sky.

"Why not? I can use the distraction. Not today, though. Drop by the library and we'll go grab a late lunch. I'm feeling up for a good burger, with ice cream by the riverside."

"You got it. Be there in ten."

"Pick up Hu Tao while you're at it?"

He cocked his head, having been unaware of this development. "Where is she?"

"She learned there's a big name in the funeral and cemetery business operating around here, and went ballistic. I think she headed for the local graveyard. Kept yammering about market research and outreach and group rates. Tell me honestly, Jaune. Does she have a screw loose?"

He considered the question, and what he knew of Hu Tao. His mind went to the last few months starting from when his life upended. The answer sprang to his lips.

"Nah. She fits right in."



-o-
​


David Martinez woke up in the morning, feeling like a trillion eddies.


Author's Notes: 1K words. Does this look like 1K words? Well, it was supposed to be. (≖_≖)

From humble beginnings, the gang sets down roots. The high-flying day trader, the Monster Hunter, the… coffin salesgirl. Who knows where it may lead.

Now that Jaune has a crew, I can try something I've been thinking about for a while.
Last edited: Feb 10, 2026
Stories:
QQ Sneaking His Way into the Multiverse , a RWBY Jaune, WC-lite mechanics story.
Other RWBY stories on AO3 or FF - Yakuza Arc | Conquered Menagerie: Annals of the Sixth Kingdom | Cat, Bunny, and the Good Ship Honey Starbright | The Agent
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:m213, Yuck, Amdiranifani and 420 others
LazyAutumnMoon
Feb 8, 2026
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 70: Just Another Night City Gig
View content
LazyAutumnMoon
LazyAutumnMoon
We all need Sundancer in our life.
JoinedJun 7, 2024
Messages289
Likes received68,284
Feb 14, 2026
Add bookmark
#5,679

Chapter 70: Just Another Night City Gig
​


David Martinez woke up in the morning, feeling like a trillion eddies.

Maybe more. The news he watched last night said inflation went up again.

He interfaced with the home assistant program, cybernetic eyes flashing blue, to shut off the alarm before it could blare, with minutes to spare. The day was early yet, the dim orange glow of the sun barely cresting over the skyscraper-filled horizon, competing with the eternal neon lights of Night City, California.

For the Japantown penthouse he earned from his work as a mercenary, that put the time at around six AM. It would not be too far off to call this a mark of how high he had moved on up in the world. Before, by the point he saw real daylight he already had to leave for classes. Placing his hands behind his head, David laid back to enjoy the fruits of his efforts for a little while longer.

The penthouse stayed cold even during the summer, another mark of his success. Used to be that a short payment on his family's subscription to the ventilation system would turn the old apartment unit into an airless oven until his mom figured something out. If only she could see him now, because now he set the temperature at a constant and comfortable 50 degrees. All-natural external cooling for the various chrome stowed within his body, from the Gorilla Armsᵀᴹ that had replaced his original meat, to the cyberoptics, to the neural processor embedded along his spine, to the neural port implanted in his skull since young that was the crux to making the whole setup work. He used to find the metal grafted into him cold, but they ran hot these days for some reason.

Probably because he had broken them in. They were a part of him now, hot as the blood pumping through his veins.

Useless thoughts were blown from his mind and his mood skyrocketed to new heights, like always, as he felt the sudden warmth of Lucy. With the weight of his frame, the bed tilted to his side, making her lithe form roll right up against him. Curled under the blanket, she still slept, the nanotech pigment-dyes of her techhair catching the light from the window to glitter in shades of an iridescent rainbow. Her soft breaths broke the silence of the room.

He drank in the sight of her. On his face, a smile grew. The one she said looked dopey. What did he do to deserve her, he asked himself every day, and would never know. If the sun symbolized his success, then she was the moon, his dream come true.

Not bad for a boy from Santo Domingo, David would say.

If he could just lay here forever…

But he had to go higher still. No time to waste.

With great care, he slipped out of bed to leave Lucy undisturbed. His heart squeezed tight as her hands roamed the sheets, grabbing his pillow and hugging it to her chest.

A quick trip to the bathroom to wash his face and change into a pair of running shorts, and he went down the stairs to the penthouse's main floor. The sheer amount of space got to him, even now. Slowly, it was filling up with signs of his and Lucy's life together over the last few months. Pictures and various knickknacks they bought on their trips out together, plus trophies from his gigs. The small memories.

He skipped breakfast for the time being, heading for the door which slid aside in a whisper-smooth motion to deposit him in a clean, carpeted hallway. The elevator sat further down the passage, properly reinforced for guys like him so he did not have to take the long, long staircase to the bottom floor. He appreciated that.

The trip down, he spent shuffling priorities. Who to contact, where to roam. How many jobs could he and his people knock over during the week given their condition. Leading a crew in Night City took more than good aim and a big gun.

A ding, and the elevator doors opened to the lobby. David stepped forward, and lost in his head, he almost slammed into a wall of boxes and paper bags with two legs sticking out from below. Only by shifting to the side at the last second did he prevent a crash, and in a great bout of charity he squeezed past and put a hand into the elevator to keep it open, allowing the person to enter.

"Thanks!" the walking tank of cardboard said over their shoulder, but David was already off on his way.

Good deed for the day, done.

David left the towering megabuilding, stepping out into the dirty, grimy street that numbered one of many in the Westbrook district. The hell to his heaven, a constant reminder that while he might live at the top, he still wallowed at the bottom. He spared a moment for a deep, bracing breath. The odor of Japantown was a fine mix of grease, sex, and trash that never failed to punch him in the face to wake him up.

Even in the early morning, this part of the city buzzed with activity. Here, corpos low on the rung dragged their feet along the street, either ordered to go in early or ordered to work all last night. There, poor suckers barely making rent with dead-end menial jobs hurried to their shift before they lost it to someone else. Late night revelers stumbled home, faces slack, not quite lucid. And the tourists, they did what tourists always did.

Gonkily gonking like the gonks they were. Gonk.

No matter who, they turned toward him on instinct as he jogged by, attention riveted like small critters in the presence of something dangerous. Hard to blame them, as his looming bulk measured head and shoulders above other pedestrians, and without a shirt, everyone saw the metal on him. His cyberware set him apart, as sleek as anything the corpos might afford while tougher and heavier than their soft lives could ever stand to carry. The sort of deadly chrome that only elite members of the Tyger Claws gang went for around here, except those guys stayed well out of his way, so that sent a certain message.

It said that David Martinez was an edgerunner. A real edgerunner. Built different.

His route took him a short distance south past the bars and storefronts and pachinko parlors, past the Yagami Market where he often grabbed dinner. The underpasses cast deep shadows that he plunged into without fear, hugging the underbelly of Japantown to reach the border with Charter Hill. Today, as ever, the NCPD maintained a heavy presence here. A thin blue line meant not to keep the law but to heckle people who looked too poor to fit in with the upscale residential areas.

David found it amusing that they stood on the street corners, side by side with the joytoys plying their trade. Both sucked the corpos' dicks, but only one of them he respected.

He ignored the badges, and the badges pretended to have grime in their eyes. Once in Charter Hill, a hop over the highway barrier dropped him into the elevated park set above Gold Niwaki Plaza, his very own free membership card to the private sanctuary. The place enjoyed fresh(er) air than Japantown courtesy of industrial purifiers that blew all the bad air away (and straight into Japantown), with flights of steps that provided a good warmup. He always liked spending the first part of his workout just jogging up, down, up, down to clear his head. This morning saw more locals trying to keep pace with him, running ragged until they inevitably threw in the towel one by one. It did not bring a smile to his face, at all.

Ten minutes, the exercise ran. No more, no less. He refused to get comfortable in either direction.

A jump over the edge returned him to the street level, where cleanly swept roads stretched on for block after block in a pristine state, an alien world in the view of most people living in the city. His boots pounded the pavement, never stopping, breathing in through his nose and out through his mouth. The new set of Synth-lungs inside him performed as advertised, moving the oxygen into his blood at peak efficiency—4.5% higher than his old model, at the very minimum. He cut a line across Charter Hill in record time, before heading up to skirt by North Oak. The top of the Night, some call it.

Good views there, he heard, but the outermost road was as close as he tread to the neighborhood. The private security force would shoot him before he made it halfway up the hill.

As he put the area behind him, a Trauma Team AV flew above his head, the flying box of a vehicle gleaming in white and red. Fair bet a bigshot overdosed on whatever hot new designer drug they passed around at the legendary North Oak parties and needed evac to the hospital, their premium membership package ensuring dispatch from the very moment their heart rate skipped a beat out of tune.

It hurt less now, catching sight of Trauma Team around. He could breathe, and think about that day without punching a wall. The pilots, the EMTs… they played by the rules, and he was an idiot believing for a second they would have saved his mom. Life since then taught him better. The only person he could rely on was himself.

A loop around the northernmost side of the Westbrook district put him back in the glitz and glam of Japantown.

And, back to Lucy.

He told a lie. She was someone he could rely on, too.

Life is good, mom. I'm climbing.



-o-
​


The holocall came in as he was eating breakfast with Lucy. Nothing like Kiroshi cyberoptics beaming the avatar face of an old woman into a person's retinas when they were about to kiss their girlfriend to make the stomach churn. A name flashed obnoxiously bright to alert him, just in case he might not have noticed the interruption. Rogue Amendiares had business with him, and her voice blared in his ears.

Rogue: Early and bright, kid. Got a gig for you. Get to work.

You could ask first : David​

But why would she? The Queen of the Fixers did not beg. David understood that and he remembered the absolute bitch of a time he had trying to get into her good graces, professional-wise, so he sent another message. The blurb of thought converted to text alongside the audio.

Send the detes : David​

In Night City, it paid to advertise reliability.

"Rebecca needs 'help' again?" Lucy asked once he closed out the conversation. She had caught the glow to his eyes that indicated a call, and with their lovey-dovey game on hold sat back in her chair to sip at her kale smoothie. Had he a Trauma Team subscription, his mental crash at her adorable pout would have sent them scrambling to evac him.

David shook his head as he returned to his meal, a big protein bowl of EEZYBEEF and RealFruit held together by a sticky heaping of soy paste. A complete breakfast, for all his morning nutrient needs.

Through a mouthful, he answered Lucy, "Nah, Rebecca's fine. Her dryer wasn't even malfunctioning last time so I don't know what she was on about. This was Rouge, from the Afterlife bar. She had a tip on my next job."

A better way of saying the queen spoke and he rolled over like a dog. Some people, you just did not mess with, because they earned that right through the life they walked.

The data package chose that moment to download over the holocall connection, and he began reading up on the gig. "I'll have to set off soon. A freelance journalist working with Network 54 got a scoop, then lost a scoop. Flatlined with a bullet to the back of his head. Rouge thinks he had something ugly on an Arasaka exec, and they took issue with that."

"Sounds real enough," Lucy said with a scowl. "N54's a Militech shill. They would have paid good eddy to put a stain on Arasaka's lovely silk suit."

David nodded. "The twist is, the journalist placed everything he discovered in a dead drop." Lucy opened her mouth, and he preempted the question he knew she would ask. "Not on the net, Lucy. Down in meatspace where the rest of us cavemen live. He must have been afraid of a netrunner like you plucking the info out of his head." That got a wry chuckle from her. "Anyway, the head of N54's regional office wants the data so he can blare it from the rooftops."

Lucy practically lit up at that. She had a… thing about Arasaka. He never got the whole story there, but he held no love for the corporation either, so it all worked out.

She hated Arasaka. He hated Arasaka. They had the best sex whenever he came home after his crew gave those bastards a kick in the teeth. What more did he need to know?

His large hand scooped up the protein bowl and he inhaled the last half of the chunky goop, afterward pounding a fist to his metal chest with a resounding clang to help the food go down.

"You are going to choke one of these days if you keep that up," Lucy chided, before taking the straw out of her smoothie and slamming back the entire thing in a mirror to him. David's eyebrows rose. Rarely did his girlfriend act with that kind of ill grace at the dining table.

Hoooot.

"Let's get to it, then," Lucy said, standing up.

David could not believe his ears, and he scrambled to follow her to the kitchen. As she dropped the cup into the sink to let the autowasher deal with it, he gawped like an idiot, like a gonk.

"You're coming with?"

"I'm not returning to the crew." The firmness of her tone doused his excitement a little. Not completely, because she continued. "But I could… be in the area. See this done right."

He would take it. With a whoop, David grabbed Lucy by the hands and swung her around. Laughter filled his home.

Close to noon, his crew rolled up to the meeting spot in their Chevillon Emperor SUV. Falco, their wheelman, sat in the driver's seat as usual and signaled David through the glass in greeting with the clacking metal fingers of his cyberarm. The dandy very quickly found himself shoved against the door by Rebecca so she could wave at David.

The diminutive girl did not leave it at that, bouncing out of the car to come greet him.

"David! What's new, choom?" she called over with a smile, one of her oversized Gorilla Armᵀᴹ raised high.

Grinning, David offered his own chromed hand, and Rebecca slammed their metal palms together in a certified Gorilla Armᵀᴹ low-five that sent shockwaves through their bodies.

"A fat stack of eddies in our accounts, if it goes well," he said, pretending to shake out the hand in pain, to her laughter. "Didn't you read my text?"

Rebecca made a face. "Bleh, you know I trust you with that boring stuff. Just point me to the target and I'll make with the bang-bang."

She ran a finger over the iron strapped to her waist, another absolute monstrosity of a cannon that she must have bought while he was not looking. Spray-painted in hot garish pink, just for the extra. Rebecca then spotted the girl hidden behind David's bulk.

"Wait, is that—" She zoomed around him. "Lucy!"

The others had also discovered the addition to today's gig. Falco poked his head out of the car window, an eyebrow raised. In the back, the crew's netrunner, Kiwi, leaned forward in her seat, the blonde woman's expression muted as ever behind the red mask she wore—not that taking it off would change anything.

"Rebecca, hey," Lucy said softly, before looking to the side.

Rebecca was having none of it, darting into her view again. "Are you back with us? No, before that, where have you been? David was worried sick for you!"

David flinched. He told Lucy it would be a bad idea to hide the fact they were living together. He told her.

"I know," said Lucy, contrite and not all faking it either. "There were things I had to do alone. Are. I'm not exactly coming back yet. This is to… observe."

The answer displeased Rebecca, who waved her arms wildly. "The fuck does that mean?"

A gesture from him quieted her. "Let it be, Rebecca," he said, voice firm to brook no disagreement. "We have a job to do, and extra help we can trust is welcome. Lucy isn't taking a cut on this, either." Then, kinder, he soothed her. "Look at it as a chance to remind her what we're about, and leave a good impression."

He sweated as Rebecca narrowed her eyes, and thumbed her shotgun.

"Oh, I'll leave an impression, alright," she spat. "A few hundred of 'em, all over her. I didn't forget that you ran out on us, Lucy, and if you don't have any intention of ever coming back, that makes you a traitor."

The most violent way of saying 'I miss you and I want to hang out again' ever. David breathed a sigh of relief as Rebecca stomped off to reenter the car, and after sharing a look with Lucy, they followed her. He held the door open as she got in, then dropped into a free spot in the semicircle bench seat that took up most of the back of the vehicle.

"Bring Your Gal to Work Day, David?" Falco said in lieu of a hello, pulling away from the curb. He asked for no direction, a sign that at least one person in David's crew bothered to read the file. Their armored ride headed toward Northside, one bad part of town among many. Hey, we're better than the Pacifica combat zone, was their motto.

"C'mooon, don't you give me lip, too," David joked.

As he chatted with Falco, he did not miss the glowing eyes on both Lucy and Kiwi. The two netrunners' talks flowed faster than his, without a sound. During a lull, he brought them into the conversation.

"Kiwi, what have you turned up on our target?"

Around the car, everybody put their business faces on. One moment of acting serious, so that they could later go wild without it screwing the team over.

"Your buddy has a sense of humor," Kiwi reported. "He hid his tracks well, but he went out of his way to pass by the defunct WNS station in Watson, where he vanished off the net for close to ten minutes. Good odds that the datashard is hidden inside."

David chuckled. "In Arasaka's own mouthpiece. Nice find, Kiwi. That saved us days of searching. Rebecca, you've kept your ears to the ground—"

"Is that a short joke, gonk?" Rebecca growled, and the possibility of him getting shot skyrocketed.

"You've been around," he amended, leaning away from the muzzle of a revolver she had yanked out of her puffy jacket, "so do you know who's controlling that area this week? Claws, or Maelstrom?"

"Ehhh." Rebecca rested her chin on an oversized finger, thinking on it. "Neither, if I remember right. The last war in Watson cost them. Dumbasses pulled back to lick their wounds before the next one. I know the station, and it should be in the gap they left."

"Cold zone, then," David mused. "Best kind."

"Not necessarily," Kiwi interrupted, drawing his attention. She was looking out the window, idly tapping a finger on the handrest. Often a sign that she was less certain of something than she liked. "Word on the vine is that Wakako is sending people up that way. Timeframe and general location matches. Not a peep on the NCPD comms about another incident."

David furrowed his brows. "Meaning their gig could be the same one we're on but from a different player, you're suggesting? Anybody we know?" The life of an edgerunner—a mercenary, a solo, a street samurai—often pitched a person against others in the biz, people who shared a glass one evening going on to blast one another with their iron the next night. The nature of the game, David understood that, but he relaxed a touch as Kiwi shook her head.

"Not much on them. Gotta be new. Did two jobs for Wakako, and that's only rumors because none of her usual solos were tapped for those. They're noobs."

"They survived two jobs for Wakako," Lucy chimed in. "That counts for something."

David reached over, squeezing her hand. "Lucy's right. That old lady is particular. If this crew failed the first gig, their second would have been a death sentence in all but name."

Kiwi frowned behind her mask, but ultimately nodded to acknowledge the point.

"So either it was and they succeeded against the odds, or she thought they could handle themselves," said Kiwi. "That explains it. A bit. Because the second job was a big score. The kind that we get."

It should have gone to their crew, the thought passed between them all.

With those revelations in mind, their plan took shape. They were dealing with street samurai, or ones with the chops to reach that status. Harder opposition in some ways, easier in others.

Quickest solution? In this scene, reputation carried you far, and David's crew had built a solid cred for themselves. He might just ask the other team to step aside, and fifty-fifty shot it ended right there. Nobody wanted to mess with David Martinez.

Now, he was not blind. A solid cred also translated to 'if I flatline these guys then my fame goes to the moon'. So, he proposed to his team backup plans A, B, and C. Otherwise known as Mister Left, Mister Right, and Miss Rebecca. This earned him loud and spirited support from one member of the team—three guesses who—plus agreement from the rest.

"That's literally our usual op," Kiwi pointed out. At the front, Falco grunted.

"And it hasn't failed yet," David replied with calm, to Rebecca's cheers. He loved how she always got his back.

Glancing at Lucy, his heart fluttered he cooly winked. Her soft smile at the scene inside the car told him she still remembered the old days. And someday, someday soon, she would rejoin the crew. He just knew it.

At his request, Kiwi retrieved the schematics of the WNS station and dropped it onto a datapad. Step by step, they set up the scenario. Him through the front entrance, Rebecca from the back. Easy pincer if things go hot, with Kiwi outside playing overwatch and, if their luck holds, maybe jacking into the building's subnet through the maintenance access port on the roof. Years of neglect would have killed most of the tech inside, but zombie electronics popped up in the most unlikely places, and had their uses in the hands of a good netrunner. They had two of those today, for excellent odds.

Wrapping up, he reminded his team to check their loadout. Rebecca seized the chance to show off her new shotgun, gushing over its specs. He listened with half an ear while retrieving a set of revolvers from a gun compartment. Precision with a dash of power, along with a proper heft that would let him pistol whip a man through a wall, if needed. He stowed them in holsters strapped under his armpits.

The car rolled to a halt just outside the WNS station, and every single one of their plans went out the window.

"Empty?" David asked to make sure. "You're joking."

"N-ope," said Kiwi, eyes aglow and directed at the building. "My scans are picking up a few lights on, a couple appliances they forgot to unplug when they shut the place down. Not one piece of cyberware, anywhere. Nobody's inside."

"She's right," Lucy added on. "My own search routines are turning up blank."

Hot damn, how about that?

"The other team didn't already get what they came for and left, did they?" Rebecca asked.

Kiwi shook her head. "I'm checking interface logs and handshake procedures. Most recent contact with the subnet was days ago. The journalist, is my bet. Since then, it's been dead quiet."

"Good enough for me," David said, and he kicked open the car door. "Rebecca, Kiwi, let's just walk in. No point wasting time. Falco, keep that engine purring." He flicked his fingers in a salute at Lucy, sending a quick text with a thought.

Brb : David​

Lucy: K.

True love.

Kiwi's quickhack sent the doors to the news station sliding aside for them to enter without breaking stride. The lobby featured a reception desk and a vending machine, and they started there, sifting for hidden caches. A datashard measured the size of a fingernail, but a dead drop would have some kind of marking to set it apart.

On a whim, he looked behind the TV screen mounted to the wall, one that still displayed the WNS logo in big, bold font. No go.

"Find anything?" he checked with his crew, getting shrugs in reply. "Let's head in deeper."

The door on the back wall led to a hallway cluttered up with junk, splitting off into other parts of the building. Posters hung on the wall, announcing programs canceled years ago, their hosts and actors faded to irrelevance.

Rebecca peeked around the corner ahead, and groaned. "More hallways. This is going to take foreveeer."

He clapped her on the shoulder, gentle so as to not bowl her over.

"The journalist didn't stay long and he was trying to be clever. It's going to stick out like a sore thumb."

They split up, with Rebecca and Kiwi heading one way, him another. So while they got the boring old offices and break rooms, he roamed through a storage area for stage set pieces filled with creepy mannequins that somebody had left standing around.

Uh-huh, no idea what was up with that.

The mannequins faced the coffee machines, or grouped around as if holding conversations, half-hidden in the gloom. One laid on a couch as if napping. Two were hidden in a closet, faces pressed together. David spent more time keeping an eye on the mannequins than he did searching for the dead drop. As he ventured deeper into the building, he swore they moved when he was not looking.

No matter how much chrome a man chipped in, he could recognize when he was in a horror movie setting. If he had his revolvers raised and fingers on a hair trigger, then it was out of the manly desire to shoot a ghost in the face, and not from fear.

A clattering noise almost saw him emptying his entire clip.

But then, he listened a little more, and he realized that it sure sounded like a person up ahead in that room there. People, he could deal with, and David padded over to the doorway.

The newsroom studio stabbed him in the heart with its familiarity. He and his mom must have watched the evening report taped from this very place, because he remembered that backdrop, with the brownish-red smudge at the top corner that, for years, nobody ever bothered to scrub away. That carelessness might explain why the office was shut down.

Damn, what was the anchorwoman's name? He thought she was so pretty back then.

The person David heard was being less than subtle, and remained oblivious to his presence. Off the bat, David resolved to kill him for his chrome. Because wow, wow, wow his cyberlegs had a flight function.

No, no. Hang on. He was a man of conviction, and not the rap sheet kind. He could stand to make a fair offer first. Pretty please chop off your legs for me, I have money.

The solo, for he had to be one, floated near the ceiling, jets of fire streaming from the bottom of his feet in defiance of gravity. If he had other chrome, it was less obvious, hidden under baggy pants and some kind of bootleg Trauma Team merch, a rain poncho in their colors. David stayed back to observe him, watching the guy fiddle with a spotlight hanging high above.

His eyes narrowed as he spied the 'X' painted on the side of the light. His suspicion received confirmation a moment later.

"I got it! It's here!" The solo suddenly cut off the flight function, dropping like a rock. David's desire for those cyberware shot up as he saw it in action, quick activation bursts slowing the descent to give the impression that the guy was walking on the air. Landing, the solo brandished a small chip held between his fingers. "Lisa, look, it really was here—Lisa? Hey, where did you go?"

A song played, emanating from the solo, who reached in his pocket to retrieve a phone.

The sight of that device reminded David of something. Hadn't Kiwi and Lucy both agreed that nobody else was in the building?

"Lisa, hey—wait, what?"

The solo spun around, locking eyes with David.

A man's face said a lot about him. This one was a corpo fucker coming down from on high, he could just tell. Skin soft as a baby's, without the blemishes of a real life. The full suite of biosculpting for that unnaturally handsome look. Cyberware so artful that it seemed like there was nothing there, daddy's money at work.

It reminded him of Katsuo. Of Arasaka Academy. Of—!

David breathed in, and out. His heart rate steadied.

Another tick mark in the 'kill' column. Nothing more, nothing less. It did not decide his course. He was a reasonable man. He had to stay cool.

Putting up a smile, David stepped out of the gloom. He raised a hand in greeting, showing that it was empty—a sign of peace.

"Nice flying, choom," he said. "Whaddya got in your hand there?"

The corpo playing at being a solo looked ridiculous, one hand pinching the datashard, the other clapping a clunky phone to his ear. Those things faded out of fashion for a reason, and no real edgerunner would ever consider using them. One hand occupied was a hand not holding a gun.

Head cocked, the corpo seemed to be listening to the person on the other end of the call. He then glanced down at the datashard, before hiding it behind his back.

"Nothing," the corpo said, unconvincingly.

David almost felt for the guy. This gonk seemed green as grass. He had to remind himself that it was almost 100% a front, what with corpo parents raising their kids to be ruthless snakes.

"Tell you what," said David. "Let's do business. We can both walk away happy. You give me that datashard there, and I'll pay you in your currency of choice. Eddies, or a favor. An invite into the Afterlife isn't out of the equation."

A rich kid would not blink at money, but if he read this guy right, then the mention of the Afterlife should have him salivating. Why would a corpo put on the trappings of a solo? To live the life, and experience what no braindance could emulate. A central part of that involved setting foot in the greatest edgerunner bar of Night City, the Afterlife where legends the likes of Morgan Blackhand and Andrew Weyland once frequented.

"No, I'm good. Thanks for the offer, though."

Aaand this one was the worst sort. A brat born fifty floors up who thought they earned what they had by their own two hands, and expected to do the same in the solo scene.

Also, thanked twice in one day? Man, he was becoming a regular samaritan, wasn't he?

Too bad he probably had to flatline this fool.

"I need that datashard—"

"So do I."

David growled under his breath. He spent years at Arasaka Academy with everything he tried to say cut off by entitled corpo brats, and this idiot decided to slam that button with both hands.

"I need that datashard," he repeated. "And I am going to get that datashard. Hand it over, or I'll let metal do the talking."

David read the guy's answer from his stance before he could speak a word, and in one smooth motion pulled his revolvers out of their holsters.

Bang, bang, his iron sang. End of story.

The corpo brat walked it off.

No, really. David blinked his eyes, wondering whether his model of Kiroshi cyberoptics had a design glitch they neglected to mention, and if he should lodge a complaint. But no, the guy was standing upright, rubbing a spot over his heart and frowning.

His comms blared, the message coming in at the speed of thought.

Rebecca: David! That you?

Kiwi: What are you shooting at? I don't see anything.

Lucy: David? David, are you okay?

Rebecca: We going hot?

I just—whatwhatthefuckingshitshit : David​

David dove behind the cover of the newsroom desk, cursing his glitching Kiroshis as the others shouted their alarm in his ears. A spark of electricity danced up and down his leg, a bullet lodged within the cyberware. All throughout, he played back the memory, trying to figure out where the weirdass rifle that the gonk was firing one-handed even came from.

A netrunning quickhack. Had to be. Shut down his optics for a split second to make him think it magic.

…If the guy could do that, then he could have destroyed the Kiroshis outright. The corpo had style, if nothing else.

He heard the jets of fire. The clue gave him ample warning, his experience as an edgerunner springing to the fore. He aimed his revolvers up, waiting for his target to—where the fuck was the corpo keeping that sword!?

The direction had been correct, the distance less so. The corpo showed himself within swinging range, a sword like something out of a 2020 fantasy vid stabbing down. David fired a round as he rolled aside and to his feet, and this time he saw it clear as day the bullet plinking off the corpo's skin like David just shot a Samson borg.

It just didn't make sense.

"Why do everybody and their mother keep trying to kill me?" the corpo called out, darting after David as David attempted to clear some room, searing the floor beneath with blasts of fire that sent him zooming forward.

The maneuver practically invited a bullet to the face. Despite the previous failure, David obliged with another bid, full-bore overkill with his metal limbs shifting to reveal the cannons stowed within his forearms, his wrists turning to hold his guns sideways.

Two Projectile Launch Systems armed with rockets. Two .42-caliber Malorian Overture revolvers. A meatgrinder special. The room shook as he let loose.

Out of nowhere, a shield appeared to cover the corpo, comprising huge red lizard scales that David refused to believe belong to something real. The bullets bounced off it, as useless as blanks. The rockets struck, and the corpo showcased top-line reflex boosters, shaking his shield side to side in a quick movement to bat the rockets off-course, sending them to detonate on the newsroom wall far behind him.

It just didn't make sense.

Rockets had momentum. Weight. They were bullets writ large.

But the guy stayed standing. His legs had shifted at the moment of impact, bracing against the force. Somehow, that kept him exactly where he was instead of blasting him off his feet.

David had heard of 'steeling yourself', but excuse me, what the fuck?

Rebecca: Kiwi's down!

His blood ran cold.

Is she alive!? : David​

Lucy popped into the comms.

Lucy: Vital signs a go. Melatonin and adenosin spike parallels the effect of sedatives.

Rebecca: She's dead asleep!

He ducked under a sword swipe, releasing one of his guns to throw a pulverizing uppercut into the corpo's sternum, drawing a grunt. A grunt. Instead of, ya know, guts exploding everywhere.

The corpo retaliated by seizing David by the collar and slamming his head into David's face.

Crack!

David saw stars. He had less subdermal armor in his skull than elsewhere, Lucy disliking the idea of his face changing. In other words, he had some, and he felt them dent from the blow.

As he stumbled back, David saw the corpo kick out low, catching David's revolver in the crook of his foot. In a blink, the gun vanished.

What just happened? : David​

He had thought that to himself, but within his rattling head, the comms sent it off as a message. Rebecca took it as something different, a question to her.

Rebecca: A netrunner got her. A good one. Better than Kiwi. Threw a dart from ambush and hacked our optics, made us see them as a cat!

Lucy: Not possible. Not mid-fight. That kind of detail work needs a dive.

Rebecca: Well, that's what happened!

A… cat?

A barrage of gunfire wracked the building, sounding far off.

Rebecca: Die, die, die you fucking pussy!

David had no time to absorb this development. A flicker, a trick of the light, and the corpo's shield was gone, the rifle in its place. How, how, how, his mind screamed. His eyes belonged under somebody else's control, and it freaked him.

The next trick arrived. Prior to shooting, the corpo made a gesture with his hand, and shadows engulfed David's vision. A gravitational effect—some prototype cyberware he had never even heard of—yanked him off-balance, preventing him from escaping.

His other senses worked fine. He heard the sound of fire, and so spun around. His arms snapped up, protecting his core, too late as the bullet slipped between. It crashed against his chest, and David fiercely grinned.

Still alive.

The armor plating on his chest cost a pretty eddy, and proved its worth yet again. More bullets struck his arms, nicking the metal but failing to punch through.

"Tough luck, gonk!" he shouted in the darkness, rushing forward. "I'm built different!"

Light returned, the shadows fading as he rammed into the corpo, and he strove to trample him underfoot. At first, it worked, the corpo knocked back and carried along by David's charge. Then, he did that weird bracing of his legs again, and David found his stampede grinding to a halt. Over the top of his fists, he met a pair of calm blue eyes.

Then, David felt his chromed-up body being pushed back.

It just didn't make sense.

The sheer amount of cyberware required for the corpo to do the things he did, it rivaled David's own if not belonging to a different class altogether. Except, chrome went deeper than the skin. The corpo's lungs needed the strength to handle the strain of his tech, strength that came from augmentation which added its own load to the neural processor. His heart, reinforced. His stomach, reinforced. His damn liver, reinforced. More load, more stress, more stress to deal with the stress.

He should have been teetering on cyberpsychosis, not looking cool as a cucumber right back at David.

Evac Kiwi, Rebecca. I'll hand this : David
...Rebecca? : David​

Lucy: David… The netrunner got her too. I'm heading in.

His heart leapt to his throat.

No! Lucy, stay out of there! : David​

She did not answer, and David knew she would not listen. Lucy left the team, but she loved them. Loved him.

David wanted her back on the crew, but not like this. Not with a corpo freak of nature and his netrunning ninja pushing their backs against the wall. He had to end it in the span of time it took for her to leave the car and make it inside.

And he would.

Calm overtook him. David flipped a mental switch, and his body jerked.

Heat. Light. Sparks in his brain. A roaring in his chest. His limbs were set afire.

Sandevistan.

In a still world, David moved. In the space of a breath, he stepped aside to walk past his opponent's outstretched arms, grab him by his clothes, flipped him onto the floor, mounted him, and pounded a synthetic-muscled, shape-memory alloyed Gorilla Armᵀᴹ fist into the bastard's face. A microsecond later, the next punch landed, his other fist already cocked back.

One. Two. One, two. Onetwoonetwoonetwoonetwo—

His knuckles smacked against a force field. That was the only word for it. The accelerated perception caused by the Sandy cyberware implanted inside him reached its limit, and as colors bled back into the world, David stared in utter incomprehension at the golden sphere encasing the corpo, whose head lay embedded in a hole in the ground. The force field had shoved David back against the newsroom desk, pinning him and giving the corpo space. His mind blanked as he watched the guy rolled to his feet and pulled a giant stick out of his ass.

The thing was a huge chunk of metal, with gun parts shoved in it. Covered in those fake red lizard scales.

David then heard the tinkling chime of bells. A mask popped over the corpo's face, depicting a cat or… or a fox, and David was suddenly reminded of that Japantown legend. Not the solo kind, but the myth about animal spirits haunting the land that people hawked around come a festival.

People like Wakako the fixer.

"Set effect, huh?" muttered the fox. The corpo. Whatever he was. "Let's test it out."

Darkness, literal darkness, seized hold of David's leg right before he activated the Sandevistan again. All of the momentum he put in moving aside encountered just enough resistance, and his ankle twisted. He exited Sandy time with a cry of pain.

The huge chunk of metal rushed up to meet him.

Wham!



-o-
​


David came to, lodged in the ceiling of the newsroom studio. Blood ran down his dangling limbs, traveling over the metal to drip to the floor. A small red pool had formed during his bout of unconsciousness.

The corpo was long gone from the look of it, the datashard nowhere in sight. David could not care less that he had failed the job. Through the fog that blanketed his mind, a name sprang to his lips.

"Lucy… Lucy…"

Lucy… Lucy… : David​

Lucy: David?

Tears fell alongside his blood. She had answered his prayer.

Are you okay? Please tell me you're okay : David​

Lucy: I am. Alive. Good. Rebecca good. Kiwi good.

David blinked. Lucy sounded off. Like a Kiwi.


Are you really? : David​


Lucy: David, I saw them walk by. Boy. Girl. Cat-shape thing. I hacked. Tried. Nothing. No face. No ID.
Lucy: No chrome.

It just didn't make sense.

...We got whooped by a bunch of cripples? : David​

Lucy: They had phones. Connected nowhere. Tech weird… Mpshpsm…

Lucy, what's wrong? Lucy? : David​

Lucy: Just sleepy… nighty… night…

David could breathe again.

"Fucking ninja. Fucking corpo." Relief washed over him, and he barked out a shaky laugh. His metal-grafted ribs screamed in protest. "Cats, foxes, experimental cyberwares out the ears, and motherfucking Arasaka."

He said it like a slur, and he meant it as a slur. Were they really involved? He wasn't sure, but when in doubt, blame Arasaka.

The one thing he did know?

"Time to chrome the fuck up."


Author's Notes: There were a lot of good guesses on who Jaune and co would fight in this world, from the Maelstrom gang to Adam Smasher, but… the idea I had way back when was that I really, really wanted to pit Jaune's crew against David's crew. And then pit David's crew against Jaune's crew. And then—

Basically, I want to see them beat the everloving stuffing out of each other, escalating all the while.
Last edited: Feb 17, 2026
Stories:
QQ Sneaking His Way into the Multiverse , a RWBY Jaune, WC-lite mechanics story.
Other RWBY stories on AO3 or FF - Yakuza Arc | Conquered Menagerie: Annals of the Sixth Kingdom | Cat, Bunny, and the Good Ship Honey Starbright | The Agent
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, m213, Yuck and 489 others
LazyAutumnMoon
Feb 14, 2026
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 71: Just Another Night City Solo New
View content
LazyAutumnMoon
LazyAutumnMoon
We all need Sundancer in our life.
JoinedJun 7, 2024
Messages289
Likes received68,284
Feb 21, 2026
Add bookmark
#5,850

Chapter 71: Just Another Night City Solo
​


2076.

Night City, California.

A city by the coast, at which many roads converged. The last place where the sun would set. They called it the City of Dreams.

As Jaune watched the skyline from his balcony, he found the title an easy one to believe in. Up here, he saw the vision, what it was meant to be. Up here, they had not taken away the blue sky.

…The holographic streams of ads beamed toward the heavens somewhat detracted from the picture, though.

"Have you ever thought, 'Man, I need to get bigger?' Then boy do I—"

"Not interested," said Jaune to the massive hologram billboard. The image itself floated in thin air a hundred yards away, but the technology behind the ad allowed it to pinpoint him and transmit sound across the intervening space to whisper the sales pitch right in his ears. The ad 'heard' his rejection, but theirs was a stubborn sort and with a flicker the billboard now portrayed a different product. Naked flesh greeted him, wrapped around a pole.

"Looking for a good time? Come play, my lord. You virtual girlfriends await—"

'Not interested," he repeated, groaning.

Unwilling to let the ads run roughshod over his day, he turned around so that the algorithms could no longer read his face, his reactions. Would not analyze his age to match it with the proper demographic, playing with averages and statistics to guess a young man's interests.

What he wanted, truly wanted, was a simple thing. Jaune rested his back against the balcony, head tilted up to enjoy the morning's light… and the quiet. After three days of staying in this world, he had come to rely on the penthouse apartment as his oasis of calm in the bustling metropolis of Night City. A time to unwind before heading out for work to earn his daily bread (and then some). The noise far below reached him as the memory of sound, barely there and lost amidst the wind.

Koi fish swam in the small decorative pond by his side. A handful of food crumbs sent them into a frenzy, the water surface broken by their merry splashes. He ignored the fact that one more fish had gone missing since last night, which surely had no connection to the poorly-swept ashes of a spent fire hidden under the potted bonsai plant in that corner there. A certain cat deserved the right to midnight snacks.

A peaceful sleep, and a full belly. A place like this counted as a luxury in Night City from how he understood it, beyond the means of most. Doubly so for a boy without a bank account stored in his skull.

He heard a soft hiss as the door to the balcony nudged aside. From within, Escha stuck her head out. Her face scrunched as she got a whiff of the open air.

"Jaune, Jaune, Lisa is calling—a… achoo!"

"Good morning, Escha. Still not used to the California air yet?"

An emphatic shake of the head was her answer, the felyne snuffling her nose. She darted back inside, beckoning with her little paw. Jaune laughed as he followed her. The glass door slid shut behind him.

"Sometimes, I wish I had a human's nose," Escha said wistfully, padding off toward the window where a warm spot in the sunshine awaited with a good view overlooking the city.

Lisa had set their expectations high, waxing on and on about the perfect Cali weather, the fresh sea breeze, the beach life… a whole host of upsides to their destination. The girl ate her words pretty quick once they actually arrived and she discovered a city unlike any place in America she knew.

Funny, but also disappointing. Seeing Tattletale (Bikini Ver.) again would have been a treat.

Instead, he got Tattletale (Neurotic Ver.) sitting on the couch with her bloodshot eyes riveted on the TV, hunched over her little project, a piece of paper set on the low table that she scribbled in with feverish concentration. Slovenly dressed in pajamas, she bounced a jittery knee as she listened to the person on the screen. Halfway through the man's spiel, a decisive stroke of her pen scratched a line on the paper out of existence, new information replacing them written on the margins. She spared him a look, crooking her finger, and he walked over.

The apartment featured a lot of space, divided between a main floor and a mezzanine level where the bed was located, connected by a curving staircase. Meant for two but built for six, it suited their needs, the boisterousness of their daily lives given room to breathe without grating on nerves, at least for the time being. It let each of them do their own thing.

The couch, though. Everybody loved that, and he passed by a disheveled head of blonde hair on his way to Lisa.

"Fischl, hey," he said, pausing. "Had a good sleep?"

Said girl mumbled an incoherent reply, and curled into the corner of the couch to softly snooze. Multiple nights of staying up late had taken their toll on Fischl. He could not blame her, because he suffered the same problem. There was just too much to see around here.

Hand planted on the back of the couch, he swung over to land beside Lisa. His shoulder bumped against hers, followed by the briefest glance as he judged her reaction to that. She did not seem to mind the gesture, and the tense knot in his stomach uncoiled as soon as it had formed. Things between them have been going well, recently.

Then again, these last few days saw her far more preoccupied with something other than him. Since it fascinated her so, Jaune gave the TV show a chance to catch his interest. The technical jargon firing back and forth lost him in mere seconds. The performance of this cyberware implant outpaced that model because of this, that, and the other factor, trading off with such and such drawbacks. It could put a man to sleep, listening to this stuff.

"What's got you in such a tizzy?" he asked.

Lisa shushed him. "Busy. Need you to buy me breakfast. Eggs, bacon, toast, avocado. A glass of orange juice."

"Anything else for your order, ma'am?" he said archly, an eyebrow raised. "You know, we can just eat the food here. It won't kill us." Shifting, he stretched out on the couch and withdrew the Company scroll from his pants pocket. A series of taps put him in the food section of the Marketplace, where he perused the options.

"Says you. I know what's in them," Lisa shot back, her airy tone lacking heat. Her pen circled a spot on the paper three times, signaling its importance. Then, with a final stroke, she slapped the pen onto the low table. "Done!"

"What is?" Jaune asked as he began setting out the ready-made meals he bought. From the mezzanine level above, the whooshing sound of a sword swinging through the air redoubled in speed as a hungry Bennett rushed to complete his exercises, while Oz flew down from his perch in the chandelier to peck at his own dish of bird seeds with gusto.

Despite her growling stomach, Lisa focused on him, too hyped up to leave his question alone. She brandished the piece of paper in his face. Pure nonsense they were, to his eyes. Still, a few words popped out, underlined or circled depending on a system of organization known only to Lisa.

Arasaka-brand Cyberdeck. Camillo RAM Manager. Ex-Disk. Memory Boost. Monowire.

In short, cyberware.

The futuristic Night City offered an amazing variety of plunder, enough to dazzle his eyes with the steadily climbing Points balance on the scroll. The guns featured neat gimmicks like electromagnetic tech and homing bullets that put them a step above mundane arms. Hologram projectors with preprogrammed recordings loaded on them enjoyed great demand in the multiverse, most notably the ones with the stripshows he found in the back of a sketchy van. He even snagged a neat security drone, stealing the robot with a touch as it flew past his hiding spot during a job.

Above them all, one category of tech earned him the majority of his Points: chrome. Mechanical implants designed to be installed on or inside a person.

The particular pieces listed here? He recognized some of them. The Ex-Disk, he picked up from the same netrunner's den where he got the security drone. Meanwhile, the Arasaka corporation would never see a shipment of their top-of-the-line cyberdecks ever again, because unlike Militech they had not paid him (or rather, had not paid the person paying him) to recover their wares from the Maelstrom gang's smugglers two nights ago. Half the contents of that suitcase turned into Points, with the rest kept in reserve just in case he could get a good deal with a local merchant on unfamiliar tech—subject to diminishing returns as they were, a wide breadth of products netted better profits in the Marketplace than selling a lot of a single thing. Evidently, Lisa had a use for one of them.

"Today, I'm going for it," she declared, a shaky laugh slipping out to betray her nerves. "I'm chipping in. Chroming up. Whatever the kids call it nowadays."

According to her, their presence in 2077 meant she was now his senior in age, having been born almost a century ago. He rejected the crazy pseudo-logic, of course.

"You're… sure, about that?" he said, looking up from the sheet to meet her tired but determined green eyes. "I've looked up the basics. It's a lot of snip-snip work with scalpels and things. They're cutting open more than skin in these surgeries."

Lisa nodded, scooting closer. "What's a little time on the operating table? This could be huge, Jaune. Listen, see this?" She jabbed a finger at the first item. "The cyberdeck is basically a computer, and if I'm reading it right—and I am—then it's based on the same technology behind the phones and laptops we would have in other Earths. Do you get it now?" Near vibrating in her seat, Lisa was paying no mind to their proximity, leaning on him as she gestured at her notes. "The implant can work in different worlds! With one wired in, I can interface with devices from across a room and I wouldn't have to lift a finger. In universes where people don't have defenses against it? I'll have free reign. Even the Pentagon couldn't touch me."

"Right…" Jaune shifted in his seat, leaning away from the manic girl in his lap. "I don't know what that is, but I'm more concerned with everything else you're saying there. Are you the best person to have this?"

"What are you talking about? In your hands, a cyberdeck might as well be a brick. I'm the only one on the team that can put it to use."

"Morally speaking, I mean."

The utter confusion on her face told him he was still missing the mark with his comment. Clearly, Tattletale possessing the keys to the entire world's data and communications infrastructure was a moral imperative.

With a shake of his head, he deflected the conversation onto safer subjects. "What do the other implants do?"

Lisa perked up, all smiles again. "The monowire here, I can imagine a few uses for, including keeping it in my back pocket as a holdout weapon. It's optional, honestly. But the others? They complement where I'm strongest, turning the cyberdeck into a sort of backup brain that would enhance my memory, the speed of my thoughts, things like that."

Jaune glanced at the TV, which was leading the audience through the process of slotting in a cyberdeck. Piece by piece, the diagram of a human separated to display the network of neural port and processor, and how the cyberdeck fitted into the equation. He flinched as they cut to a view of inside a person's head, various devices grafted onto the bone. Nearby, Fischl stopped picking at her food and pushed the plate away, hiding her face which had turned green.

If asked, he would confess to no small uncertainty on how to feel about this society where flesh and metal went hand in hand. Technology here trod down avenues that his world had just begun to scratch at, building people into cyborgs with the ease of slipping on a raincoat. No facet of life was unavailable—or perhaps he should say, no facet of life was spared to the possibility of cyberware. To even rent a room, a person needed an implant in their head to communicate with the sales team, and a port in their neck to slot in the data shard containing the contract to be signed. Money, 'eddies' they named it, exchanged hands with but a single thought. Those who went without these implants found the better things in life forever barred to them, forcing them to exist as essentially ghosts within the systems, eking out a meager living for the few greasy bills of paper money that still remained in circulation.

The upside, a lack of implants translated to a totally dark digital trail for their team, making them almost invisible to the powers that be—a definite boon highlighted by the cursory research Lisa had done into the corporations that controlled Night City. And, well, the barter system still worked, or he and his team would be homeless right now. They had someone to take care of arrangements, favor for favor plus a cut of their earnings, to ensure the penthouse apartment served as a base for the duration of their stay.

The point? Cyberware could be nice, the combat options in particular, but they were by no means crucial.

Admittedly, most of that was the newfound fear of having his organs removed talking. He imagined the pain, the cold of the metal, the feel of lumps under his skin… and his mind screamed no way, no how.

Lisa heard him, despite him not saying a word. "It's a lot, I know. I don't expect any complications." Her hand brushed over her throat. "The choker will keep my Aura from activating, and the cyberware clinics have good anesthetic so long as we spring for a reputable one. Trust me, that was the first thing I checked. If it works out like I plan, I… I wouldn't have to tap into my powers as often, anymore. Might not need it altogether."

He made a noncommittal noise in reply, and filed away that piece of information for later. The book Worm must have held answers to the mystery surrounding Lisa's powers, because while she had expressed worry about the source of her Thinker headaches before now, forgoing its benefits was never an option she deigned to entertain with seriousness.

"If it works out like you plan," Jaune echoed. "And if it doesn't?"

Lisa shrugged. "Then, in the worst case, all you'll have is me." She grinned up at him. "Just me."

No superpowers or cyberware. An ordinary girl.

"I'll take it."

She tapped a fist to his shoulder. "You had better. Also, gimme food. I'm hungry."

"Excuse me," Fischl spoke in a quiet, timid tone, a hand raised like they were in school. "But are you going to get off of him? S-Should I leave to give you two room?"

Lisa looked down, finally noticing that was half-sitting on Jaune's lap. Her face turned blank for a split second, which Jaune almost missed, before she showed her teeth again.

Shrugging, she replied, "Nope. Sorry if it offends your sensibilities, 'princess'." She deliberately shifted her hips. "Anyway, don't bother me. I need to eat to keep my strength up for the procedure."



-o-
​


Lisa Wilbourn POV

"Bleeeeeeegh!"



-o-
​


Jaune Arc POV

"Sorry! So sorry! We'll clean it up!"

"Just get out!"

Jaune led Lisa out of the clinic, apologizing all the while to the doctor over his shoulder. His companion clung to him, her shaky legs stumbling and a haunted look on her face. The door slammed shut on them.

It opened a second later to eject Fischl and Bennett, then shut again to leave the four of them standing on the curb of Charter Hill.

"I do not think we shall be welcome there any longer," Fischl said, rather unnecessarily.

He snorted, and maneuvered Lisa against the wall. A bottle of water from his Pocket helped her wash away the taste of bile, after which she spent some time just breathing to recenter herself from the harrowing ordeal. How small she looked, stoking his every impulse to pat her on the back and tell her it would all be okay. He settled for a hand on her shoulder.

"Don't dwell on it, Lisa," he said, leaning in to meet her eyes. "Tomorrow, we'll give it another shot and take three steps into the room."

Lisa groaned.

"Yeah, I don't get it," Bennett cut in. "What happened back there? Did she inhale some kind of invisible poison mist?"

Lisa buried her face in shame. The purse hanging off one of her shoulders swayed with the motion.

Jaune answered in her stead. "It's her superpower. She sees a lot more than we can." He looked back at Lisa. "I do want to know what exactly it was that you saw, though."

Still faintly pale, Lisa glanced at the clinic and shuddered. "The brochures didn't mention how messy cyberware procedures are. I walked in and it was like all the surgeries ever done on that chair played out in front of me at once." In monotone, she listed out, "I saw blood on every surface, no matter how well they thought they cleaned it up. I saw the indents from someone's fingers when the anesthesia dose was wrong. I saw the spinal fluids, and the… the pieces of a person stuck in the gap between the cushions."

She continued on and on, painting a vivid picture of the clinic as the equivalent of a butcher's shop. Bennett lost his happy-go-lucky air, hands holding his stomach as he dry-heaved. Fischl blocked her ears, trying hard not to listen. He himself fared a little better, albeit that was a comparative term—he had been on a war front not so long ago and the memories stayed.

Even nearby pedestrians, all of whom had some chromework done, fell ill listening to the spiel. In near instantaneous agreement, they drifted away from the vicinity, giving the group their space.

Except for one. The tattooed man leaning on his motorbike sprang to attention as their gazes crossed. Stepping forward, he bowed his head in a quick motion.

"Johnny-san, apologies for the bother," the man said, his voice carrying an accent. His features matched what Jaune had come to know as Japanese descent, and furthermore, the glowing lines of his tattoos depicted the snarling face of a tiger. In Night City, that meant one thing.

The Tyger Claw gang.

"Yo!" Jaune brightly greeted the gang member. "Is Wakako looking for me, or is it…" He trailed off, his cheery mien fading as he passed a hand behind his back. The man flinched at the gesture, to suggest that he had heard of a certain night if not been there in person.

Head shaking in a panic, the man talked fast. "The first, yes. Wakako has requested your presence. Please, I can give you a ride there." He bowed again, indicating his bike.

Wakako, his main contact in Night City. A fixer by trade, a term for the middlemen who arranged jobs between various parties. Their meeting was by chance, its result to their mutual benefit. An ally to whom he owed a fair bit.

Jaune stared at the motorbike, then to his team. An obvious problem presented itself.

"That's not going to fit all of us," he said to the gang member.

A guilty look. "Well…"

Lisa piped up, "Blame Wakako. She wants you to arrive alone, Jaune. Probably hoping I wouldn't be there to see through her crap."

Uh-huh. Definitely that, and not due to Lisa leaving a terrible first impression. Jaune might lack understanding of Earth's cultural nuances, but even to him, pointing out the inauthenticity of the decor in a person's abode sounded like a bad idea, especially when the use of said decor carried connotations of one's heritage.

"I can handle it," he reassured Lisa, before turning to the others. "Fischl, Bennett, help Lisa back to our quarters, will you?"

"Hey!" Lisa shoved him, or tried to. "I'm not a helpless damsel, dammit. Besides…" She cast her gaze over the area. "Since we took the trouble of coming all this way, I'd rather stick around for a while. Take my mind of things. This place is so much better than Japantown."

The Tyger Claw member scowled, fingers twitching for the pistol holstered at his waist. A jolt, and he pretended the thought of violence had not occurred to him, sending glances toward Jaune. The man likely lived in Japantown and took offense for the sake of his home, so Jaune let the moment pass.

That said, Lisa had a point. Charter Hill and Japantown shared a resemblance in the way that night and day did. When he imagined the future, this place was it. The buildings here bore a sleek steel finish, with these glowing blue lines that made everything pop. The wide avenues were spotless, the ads less in his face. It almost seemed idyllic if not for the rudeness of its inhabitants.

Bennett hesitated to speak, until Jaune prompted him. "I don't mind staying," the younger boy admitted. "I'll look out for Miss Lisa, don't you worry, boss."

His wandering gaze betrayed him, snapping toward the various nooks and crannies in their surroundings, toward bridges overhead that led to unknown destinations. A person could get lost in the maze for hours and hours, always discovering something new. Fischl likewise shared the sentiment, nearly bouncing on her heels from impatience. The two of them gazed at Jaune in clear anticipation.

Jaune spread his arms apart. "What are you looking at me for? Go ahead, you don't need my permission." He was not their parent, and had no intention to be. Taking responsibility for his own life was hard enough. "Just be careful, alright? And Lisa, here."

Out of sight of the gang member, he passed the Company scroll to Lisa. Wary of the local food as she was, the device offered her only solace when it came to lunch. And if trouble found her, she could respond to it with a nasty surprise.

"You have money?" He checked before climbing onto the back of the bike. The gang member revved the engine up to a whine.

Lisa unzipped her purse, displaying the stacks of bills inside. "Wakako stuck to her word. On this, at least."

"Perfect," he said, and with a roar, the bike shot off toward Japantown, his Gallian jacket whipping in the wind.

The journey did not take long. The two neighborhoods bordered one another, and at the speed the Tyger Claw traveled, they soon plunged into dark streets whose sky was blocked out by buildings that grew tall and spanned wide, the upper levels jutting out over the roads to claim more space for themselves. It cast the neighborhood in gloom, making the neon lights and luminous holograms all the more visible. Smoke and steam spurting from exhaust pipes coated Japantown in a haze, tinged red by the paper lanterns that dangled from strings.

Imagery of the tiger floated in midair, flickering, to proclaim the owner of the territory. Cybernetic eyes tracked their progress, the red and green worn by the armed gang members reminding him vaguely of Brocton Bay's ABB.

Thus far, subtle inquiries into where he might find a Lung had led him to an organ harvesting operation that later disappeared under mysterious circumstances.

Once his mental tally of Tyger Claw numbers reached a… concerning level, Jaune tapped a hand to the gang member in front of him.

"Your guys are out in force today. Do you have anything going on?"

The man could be carved out of ice with how he froze.

"I-It's nothing to worry about, Johnny-san. We are, how do you say, waving the flag. Can't have the other gangs believing baseless rumors. That is bad for business, especially before the annual parade."

Jaune looked at the streets again with a critical eye. "Huh. Yeah, I can get that."

Project confidence, and people assumed you belonged right where you were. A lesson that spanned distance and time.

"I guess you and I aren't so different," Jaune said.

"Eheh. Eh heh heh… Heh… Whatever you say, Johnny-san. You are always correct… *sob*."

The gang member deposited him by the roadside near his destination, and raced off before he could halfway voice a goodbye, or ask about that parade. A shame, since he felt they had genuinely started to connect. His last glimpse of the Tyger Claw, the man seemed to be laughing and crying at the same time, shouting at the top of his lungs about the joy of living. Swell guy, all told.

Oh, well. Strangers were just friends he hadn't met yet, and there were a lot of strangers in this city. Left alone on the sidewalk, he turned around, and with a heavy breath prepared to meet his next challenge. The sign above him announced its name.

Jig-Jig Street.

Japantown's redlight district.

"Hey, handsome! Wanna take me for a ride? Easy and cheap."

"Ignore her. You want Betty, hon! I'll show you a good time!"

"I love a man in uniform."

"...Hold up, what group's insignia even is that?"

"Come play, my lord—"

"No, thanks!" Jaune said, hurrying along. His face burned, for he was far out of his depths. He still did not know what to do in places like the Golden Cat and Jig-Jig Street, the right way to behave in these circumstances. Was it rude to just walk on by? Because, like with the ads, the women (and men) here took his refusal to mean he was playing hard to get. If not horny, why go to Jig-Jig Street? It only emboldened them further.

Unlike the Golden Cat, the redlight district of Night City welcomed all in its (affordable) embrace, no walls or gates to stop a prospective lover (with money). Instead of a river view, it ran above a drainage ditch—the literal gutters. Prostitutes plied their trade along the streetside. Joytoys, was the local term. Silhouettes behind darkened glass offered a hint of what one might find within the pricier establishments. A video store promised 'braindances' to melt the mind and dirty the sheets. In the dark corners, drug dealers sold a different kind of escape. Joytoys and visitors alike assessed him in passing, the gleam of greed in their eyes. Jig-Jig Street did not go for the soft touch.

It took a little finesse, some sweet talk, and a full-on sprint at one point for him to escape the bustling and grabby crowd, finally putting him in front of a small gambling parlor. Through its open doors drifted the whirring, clicking electronic tones of the peculiar slot machines popular in Japantown, blended with a dozen different songs in a roar. The mad flashing lights of the 'pachinko' games blared into the faces of their customers, people who pulled on the levers with mechanical cadence, dull gazes glazed over. Not one of them turned to look at Jaune as he strode by, lost in their own world, the soft clanging of his rocket boots on the floor tiles just another addition to the din.

At the back of the room, a big man in Tyger Claws colors stood guard. He moved quick for his size. The very instant the glint of recognition reached his eyes, he was already reacting to Jaune's presence.

The man's back slammed against the wall. His intimidating, hard-set scowl did not change an iota throughout.

Jaune walked past him in awkward silence, moving the beaded curtains aside to enter the next room. The sounds outside cut out almost immediately—he suspected future tech at play—and the sudden quiet offered a sense of relief after the deluge of noise.

"Ah. Welcome, Johnny-san."

The aged voice that spoke those words came from Wakako Okada, a woman of some years. She sat behind her desk, one ostensibly crafted of a subpar wood according to an expert Jaune knew, with the bearing of a ruler on the throne. Her outfit was reminiscent of traditional Japanese garb, updated from the era in which he last saw them to match the supermodern times. A teacup rested in her hands, steam wafting up. Her ashtray filled to the brim with spent cigarettes.

He waved hello to her. "That again? You know, because of you, everyone's getting my name wrong. It's rather annoying."

Wakako scoffed, "Your name is strange. Unnatural on the tongue. French."

"Is that so bad?" he replied, theatrically dipping one shoulder and spreading his hands wide as if to say 'look at me'. A derisive snort answered him to take the wind out of his sail. Wakako shook her head, conveying her disdain toward the state of today's youth.

"Johnny is a good name," she said. "Familiar, to Night City. Wear it well, and may you become a legend."

That took Jaune aback, and a laugh slipped out. "Wow, I don't know what to say, but… thanks for the vote of confidence, Wakako."

Too bad he was leaving in a few days. A week, tops.

Lisa deemed the office a tryhard's attempt at Japanese aesthetics. Whether that was true or not, Jaune held a different perspective. The muted shades of brown and beige lent the room a calming air that set it apart from the dizzying storm of psychedelic colors which reigned outside these walls. Rather than decorating with portraits, the walls themselves depicted art of trees, birds, and serpentine dragons. A mix of nature and myth that stoked a sense of wonder.

Ornamental vases and bonsai plants added a splash of color, set upon tasteful cabinets that showcased their elegance.

The second, lower table was a new addition, placed before the couch where—

Jaune goggled. "Wait, Hu Tao? What are you doing here?" So this was where she got to.

Hu Tao fluttered her fingers in greeting, smiling softly. She sat on the couch with her porkpie hat still perched on her head, twintails brushed into her lap so they would not trail to the floor.

In a strange way, her fancy coat with its overlong cuffs matched the style of Night City. Jaune did not know quite how to put it. The eccentricity stood out, perhaps. She patted the seat next to her, hinting for him to sit.

"Wakako here invited me," she explained. "I've enjoyed listening to her stories. Did you know she had five husbands?"

"She has good manners," said Wakako. "A surprise, considering where she comes from." The old woman waved a hand to dismiss the insult. "But I suppose that respect for tea is one thing where our cultures agree. Come, have yourself a cup."

To emphasize the point, she raised her own teacup and took a sip. Afterward, she set it back on the coaster, breathing out in satisfaction.

"I could hardly taste the chems. An exceptional blend."

"Hee-hee. You said it, Wakako," Hu Tao replied as if to an old friend, and she flashed him a victory sign in silent thanks to her dealer. Once he sat down, she poured him a cup, and he availed himself quite well to the surprise of Wakako and Hu Tao.

"I see you are also one with good manners," Wakako praised.

"Zhongli?" Hu Tao questioned under her breath, sharing a commiserating look as he nodded. Their mutual acquaintance held the act of drinking leaf juice in particular ceremony, and imparted those lessons with exacting, exhaustive detail.

At Hu Tao's prompting, he withdrew snacks from his Pocket, Liyue fares that he bought as souvenirs. He made no excuses for their appearance, and if Wakako even noticed that the inside of his jacket previously did not seem as bulky as his actions suggested, then she kept it to herself, thanking him for the mung bean cakes he carried to her table.

"Ooh, I love these," Hu Tao said after taking a bite of the snack, humming happily. Sitting beside her, Jaune munched a rice cracker.

"So, what did you need me for, Wakako?" he asked a little later.

The old woman did not reply right away. Eyes closed, head tilted back, she breathed in the aroma of her drink in reverential delight. In a moment like this, she resembled someone's kindly grandmother.

"How are you and your friends enjoying your new home?" she finally asked. "I hope it is to your liking."

"Erm…"

"The stairs are neat," Hu Tao opined, to the confusion of all present. Past the beaded curtains, Jaune caught a glimpse of the security guard mouthing 'stairs?' to himself. "They've seen a lot throughout the years."

And now Wakako had a look of mild alarm. Jaune resolved to check over the steps with a fine-toothed comb later on.

"Ahem. What of you, then?" Wakako diverted the conversation to him.

"No complaints," he said. For now.

The old lady showed a thin smile. "Not even one? You have much to learn. Always complain to the landlord, every month, just in case they take you for granted." She sipped from her cup. After, the smile slipped and she sighed. "If only life could be as clear and refreshing as this tea." The cup went back on the coaster, and Wakako held her hands together, placing it on the table. "You have made a name. So quick you are. It is a small one, and yet also a very interesting one. Because of that, the city is sitting up to take notice. Everyone loves a rising star. They are clamoring to me—'Wakako, I want to hire your new solo.' So once more, I have a job for you."

"I'm all ears." A beat, and he raised a finger, adding, "It isn't a meeting with Faraday again, is it? Because Lisa told me in no uncertain terms that we are not to work for him. In any capacity."

A dry chuckle. "I understand. Never let it be said that Wakako does not take into account the needs of her solos. In fact, this small task of mine stands a likely chance of Faraday's intervention. He would not like what we do. An unknown party is transferring unmarked arms into the city, muscling in on the core business of Militech, who is certain to contract their dog. My client wishes for none to succeed in their goals."

"Don't the corporations call in their troops for problems like this?" said Jaune with a frown. "I saw it on the TV, like, yesterday. I'm not sure I want to get in between that." Low profile, fat loot. Bug out while the going was good. His and Lisa's plan kept it simple. "It's too big."

"No." Wakako flicked her hand in dismissal, a familiar gesture by now. "No. It is still quiet, you understand. Players moving in the background. A contest of proxies. And tonight, you are one such. Small stakes, but a fine reward for a man with your taste, Johnny-san."

Strange objects. Different lines of weaponry. Cyberware tech or just expensive equipment. He had made his requests known to the fixer. A pile of guns was right up his alley, and if not manufactured by Militech, all the better. He grabbed quite a bit of stuff from them already.

With a finger tapping the armrest of the couch, he thought on it.

"Alright, that doesn't sound as troublesome. Tell me the details."

Wakako lit up a cigarette, and sat back in her chair. A puff of smoke distorted her features, as shadows danced on the wall. Her eyes resembled that of a satisfied cat.

"They say bald eagles would bully smaller birds of prey, stealing their kill. This time, the tables turn, and it is the bald eagle who will go hungry. Do with the shipment of arms as you will, but it must not reach Sixth Street. Eat well, my hunter."



-o-
​


Jaune stepped out onto Jig-Jig Street, followed by Hu Tao.

"It'll be a late night for you again," she said, peering up at him.

"Looks like." He checked the time. It was early yet. "Take care of the others while I'm out, would you? If you don't feel like staying inside, flag a cab and bring them to Charter Hill. It's a safer area of the city… You remember how to do that, right? Like I showed you."

Hu Tao covered her mouth with her sleeves, laughing behind them. "Aiya you worry too much, silly. We are not helpless children. As for Charter Hill, I have heard mention of it. A gray and cold place."

Boring, she practically screamed. Saaaad.

"Don't tell Lisa, but I get it," he said. "Still, Japantown at night is something else. There's a good reason I don't bring Bennett and Fischl here. And what goes on in the alleys…"

He fell quiet, something Hu Tao noticed.

"Oh, fine," she said with a huff and reached up to pinch his nose, shaking it lightly. "I will make my own fun in this so-called Charter Hill. Just don't make that face anymore."

Jaune cracked a smile, jerking his head away from her hand. "Sorry, I know that you guys can win a fight with most people around here. The problem is, the modern world is dangerous in ways that I'm afraid you might be unprepared for."

Giving his friends their freedom and their space was harder than it seemed. Despite him trying to act otherwise, he did worry so. Shootouts with gangs and traffic accidents aside, if a kid from the frontier could fall for a scam in the city, then what chance did people from a different era have? And that was in Vale, the Kingdom he grew up in. He took a big enough risk letting them have free reign in New York. Night City went way, way harder.

Its people played a lottery that guesses how many of their own would die in a day.

Most people got it wrong, because they underestimated.

"Babying us won't change that," Hu Tao pointed out. "You should spend more time with us. Show us the future, Jaune." Her eyes suddenly flew wide, and she clapped her hands together. "Ah!"

"What—"

That was all he managed to say before Hu Tao grabbed his arm, pulling him along.

"Whoa, hey, where are we going?" he yelped.

"Up there!" Hu Tao pointed up to a higher level of the city, one that they could reach through a series of staircases and walkways. "I thought I saw what might be a big tree yesterday, but you weren't around so I left it for another time. You see? I waited like you wanted. Now, come on, before someone else turns it into a coffin!"

"I can literally buy you a forest's worth of wood," he protested while allowing her to drag him down the road.

"And you will," she assured him. "But local sourcing is important for the community. We must explore our options."

…Well, it was better than her growing curious about the sexshop.

And so, Jaune left Jig-Jig Street the way he entered it. Earnestly ignoring the giant dildo.

Again, there was good reason why he did not bring Bennett and Fischl here.



-o-
​


Night had fallen, and Jaune lurked amidst the rooftops. The costumed figure of Tattletale knelt beside him, while a furry felyne clung to his back. The derelict ruins in the outskirts of Arroyo provided them fantastic cover for their caper.

"See anything?" he asked, peering over a low wall.

Escha meowed a no, but Tattletale nodded and replied while sounding quite eager, "Eyes on them now."

She had made no pretense to him. A truck full of loot would finish her night strong, and do wonders to put the disappointments of today behind her.

No pressure.

Looking where she pointed, he spotted a large group of people gathered in a parking lot filled with rusty husks of cars, lit by a single flickering streetlight. A downright mundane sight in a neighborhood where the block parties seemed to compete for the title of the loudest, rowdiest place to be. The firearms gripped in every pair of hands, plus the way they arrayed in a line, clued Jaune in that these guys had other plans in mind than getting drunk.

"Bright enough to see, dark enough for cover," observed Tattletale, a set of binoculars pressed to her eyes. "But don't they know standing under the light paints a big… aha, see that orange in their eyes? Cyberoptics with night vision."

"They have some idea of precautions," Jaune noted.

The 6th Street gang, natives of the Arroyo neighborhood, believed in the power of gun and America. They were easy to tell apart from random civilians, since they wore the flag of their country as the colors of their gang. An arms deal involving them surprised nobody, but the fact that Militech had no part to play in the transaction raised the eyebrows of those few who were aware of the clandestine meeting.

As a gray, armored van pulled into the parking lot, the thought occurred to him that some prizes went beyond the material. "Think we'll get bonus points for finding out who this new backer is?"

"Take the van, and I can probably figure it out."

Escha climbed onto the low wall, turning to face them. "Won't they catch us coming if they can see in the dark? We have to be extra sneaky-sneaky."

"Do we want to?" Jaune countered. "I can just charge in. Break into the back and start storing everything in sight."

Tattletale elbowed him, nixing the idea. "I wish it was that easy. The second group aren't run-of-the-mill gangsters. Walking gait says daily training, likely corporate mercenaries with a clear playbook. See that one? His buddies might be getting out, but the driver is staying inside the van with the engine running. Hand movement, he just locked the doors. Ready on a moment's notice to delta."

He checked through his own binoculars. "Good point, Tattletale. Alright, stealth it is. And look at you, picking up the local lingo."

Tattletale refused to look at him. Her face under the low light was tinged red. "What can I say? They speak my language."

"Heh. Okay then, let's figure out how we'll delta in there… What?"

"Never say that word again. You use it all wrong."

Jaune sighed. There was no pleasing some people. Escha patted him on the head in sympathy.

Their plan took shape. Tattletale remained behind, keeping an eye on the convo between 6th Street and their contact. At her signal, he would dive in from the one direction that the gang neglected to cover, the sky above. A simple approach with few points of failure. Now, they were just waiting for the contact to remove themselves and leave only the gang to deal with.

As for Escha…

In the middle of banking the glider around to perform another lazy circle, Jaune scanned the ground below for hint of a white furball. "Where is she now?"

"Steadily getting there," reported Tattletale through the phone looped around his neck with a string. "Roving patrols are slowing her down. A cat is worth a fortune in this day and age. A glimpse of her, and they'll call up their full roster to comb over the area."

Escha's job involved the backup plan of infiltrating the van to knock out the driver and unlock the doors, her more diminutive frame well-suited to the task. Succeed, and Jaune could enter and drive away before anybody had the chance to react.

"Dammit."

"What?"

"They brought out a metal case. 6th street wanted to check the goods. Experimental rifles. Ballistics. Smart bullet capabilities? No, that's not important. Gotta pick those up before you leave if you want to stick to the contract."

The screech of tires signaled further complications.

As Tattletale shouted in his ears about newcomers to the party, a car smashed through the chainlink fence separating the parking lot from a side alley. A boxy thing decked out in thick armor, its wheels locked to swing the entire frame around, smashing into gang members to crush them beneath its bulk, coming to a halt between the people present and the gray van.

Half a beat was all it took for 6th Street and the mercenaries to light up the area in a firestorm of bullets. Not everybody operated on the same page, with the members of each turning weapons on their counterpart, having assumed this new development a betrayal. Bodies dropped in quick succession.

"Fuck, I'm gonna puke again—Wait, I remember that SUV. It was parked near the WNS station yesterday. The license plate is identical."

Bullets chipped and scratched the SUV, but its armor held against the onslaught. Then, the people inside jumped out, and the shootout began in earnest.

Jaune frowned as he swooped lower, spying a yellow jacket that pinged his memory. "And I remember that big guy with the quaffed hairdo."

He watched the door to the gray van opening, the mercenary inside leaning out with a handgun. A strange flicker, and his arm lopped off at the elbow. A lithe figure exited the SUV to seize him and yank him from the vehicle, taking his place at the wheels.

"Tattletale, the plan's shot. I'm heading in."

The bald eagle would go hungry. Problem was, he might, too. Vultures had come out to play.

The glider on his back folded in, letting him fall. Near the ground, he twisted to point his feet downward, landing with a loud slam right in front of the 6th Street lieutenant who had been handling the negotiations. A punch to his gut dropped him like a sack of grains.

The man's counterpart spun around at the noise, squeezing down the trigger of his weapon, one of the very same experimental rifles they haggled over. The three-shot burst blew past Jaune's ear. He grabbed the rifle, tugging it toward himself with such strength that it threw the mercenary over his head to land yards away in a heap. Without another person touching the weapon, it disappeared into his Pocket. The contents of the case followed suit without a pause as gunfire concentrated on his position in retaliation. He armored up to help weather the impacts, retreating to cover behind the rusty frame of a car long dead. The gang members hiding there fell quiet in short order.

"Caught our strays, Tattletale. Only the van now."

"It's escaping. Don't give it the chance!"

"On it."

A smoke grenade hit the ground to blur his movements from cyberoptics, and he darted from cover on a beeline for the gray van. That did not work as well as he hoped, with more bullets than was comfortable hitting his back to send him stumbling. A golden dome manifested to protect him, and he pressed on, using the abandoned cars in the lot to break their line of sight.

Ahead, the solo from yesterday stood in his way, and upon noticing him, a wide and eager grin overtook the young man's features.

"You! I was hoping to find you again, you corpo bastard!"

Jaune paused for a beat, studying him. "Is it me or are you bigger than I remember?"

The answer arrived in the form of a massive machine gun that the other boy swung off his back to hold with both hands. The Geo barrier caved under the resulting barrage, with the shield to Crocea Mors appearing right on time to block the powerful impacts that rattled his arm.

"David!" Jaune heard someone shout. "Give me cover fire, what are you doing?"

"Not now, Rebecca! Got a gonk to flatline!"

The bold claim fell somewhat flat as [Third Arm] pulled Jaune into close range, and his sword sliced the machine gun in half with one swing. A twirl, and the sword descended to do the same with the young man.

A pair of oversized mechanical arms got there first, grabbing the boy's head and pulling him into the SUV. As his blade whiffed air, Jaune got a glimpse of a very short girl with bluish pale skin slapping her teammate on the head in chiding. She stuck her tongue out at him as the car lurched forward. Tires squealed on the asphalt, with the SUV shooting off side by side with the gray van.

"Jaune, after them!"

The remaining 6th Street and mercenaries had turned their guns onto Jaune, and they stared with mouths agape as he took to the air, shedding his armor and weapons to blast across the parking lot. The convoy of vehicles hit the street with him not far behind, glider unfolding to help him stay aloft.

The cars were picking up speed, though. He had no time to waste. Ruhm filled his hands, and he fired off a barrage.

The bullets struck asphalt, and nothing else.

"Come on, hit the wheels! The wheels!" He yelled at… well, at himself. At his marksmanship ability, whose wonderful aim worked right until the bullets left the barrel. After that, simple physics ruled the day. With fast-moving targets, that meant a series of embarrassing misses as he resorted to putting actual firearm lessons to use in order to lead the shots. A couple dings and nicks did little to stop the cars, and with a frustrated cry he ceased the fruitless endeavor in lieu of chasing after them—a shorter distance might see him fare better, was his thinking.

The attack had alerted the group of a pursuer, however. A panel on top of the SUV slid aside and a figure in a familiar yellow jacket appeared, mismatched pair of revolvers at the ready.

The glider folded one wing, and Jaune rolled to the side in midair in order to avoid the incoming gunfire. The convoy seized the chance while he was distracted to adjust course, turning sharply at a corner.

He had been hoping for that. Firing off his rockets at full power, he launched over the buildings lining the road. The shortcut placed him on a diagonal path, a straight course to his target. In fact, he moved ahead of them.

Yellow Jacket scanned the sky in the entirely wrong direction. At his waist, the shortie with the ghostly-pale look likewise peeked out of the open sunroof.

"Did we lose him?" she asked her partner.

With a grin, Jaune landed on the car roof, where he answered her.

"Haha, n—"

Pain flared in his back. He stared at the night sky.

"—ope… What the heck just happened?"

He swung to sit up, and found himself face to face with the pile of muscles that was Yellow Jacket. The other boy was climbing to his feet, having fallen onto the road the same as Jaune. Behind him, the convoy continued to put distance between them.

"Oh no," Jaune said with a groan, "It's that weird effect again. But at least I can deal with y—"

The solo vanished.

"—ou and that is just not fair."

His gaze bounced from one side of the street to the other, before focusing on the convoy to see the mercenary swinging onto the roof of the gray van.

"So unfair," he repeated.

"Get it, kid! Go after them!"

Jaune turned his head. He had an audience. Pedestrians on the sidewalk had cleared space to avoid the altercation, but they watched in rapt attention. Eyes glowed with beeping red lights, recording the scene.

No quiet spectators, they. The people jeered and laughed, hooted and hollered. The common throughline? They wanted him to keep going, because edgerunners made for the best entertainment.

"Mad, all of you," Jaune said as he scrambled to his feet, and gave chase through the air.

His vantage point allowed him a view past the convoy. The sight caused him to wince.

"Tattletale. I have eyes on them, but I'm not sure I can catch up," he reported. "They've hit a main street. From here, it could take them halfway across the city. My rocket batteries won't last."

"Shoot out their wheels."

"I tried. Didn't work then, won't work now with all the other cars on the road. A stray shot could kill a lot of people."

"Good call. You can't get in close? What am I talking about, of course you can't. Your top speed isn't close to theirs on a straight road."

A brief silence had him listening to static.

"Do your best, I'm already on my way."

His best amounted to not much. A formidable distance had formed between him and the convoy, increasing with the passing seconds. His curses rang out in the night as he coaxed his boots to somehow fly faster, mustering all his willpower to the maximum.

That… was less effective than he liked.

Then, Tattletale's voice returned.

"Gimme a landmark. Whatever's biggest."

He asked no question, immediately searching around.

"Megabuilding H6 is at my 1 o'clock, facing city center. There's also—"

"No need. I know where you are. Bank right to two streets over. See our car?"

It did not take long for him to spot the tricked-out, neon-lit eyesore that they 'borrowed' from a gangster on a previous job. Seconds later, he touched down on its roof, grabbing the edge of the window to poke his head inside. Tattletale had the steering wheels in a death grip, eyes locked on the road. Escha, meanwhile, sat in the passenger seat and seemed to be enjoying the car ride immensely. She waved to him, and he waved back.

"Nice work, Tattletale. Stick to this road and it should put us on—"

"Don't talk to me. Focusing. Oh god, this is way too fast."

"Fair enough."

He clung to the car as they entered the wider avenue, with Tattletale ignoring the lights to plunge across five lanes. She weaved between the oncoming vehicles with a level of skill he envied, screaming at the top of her lungs.

Something told him Tattletale had not planned any of that.

Whatever the case, they now rode on the same street as the convoy. Pinpointing them was not difficult, since their two frontliners of Yellow Jacket and Little Girl laid in wait for him atop their respective rides.

They began shooting at him as Tattletale closed in, and Jaune climbed forward to the hood of the car, raising a golden Geo dome around him that protected the windshield at his back. The bullets that did not miss struck without doing much harm.

But that had not been the attack he should have worried about. Their car suddenly went haywire, the wipers activating, radio blaring a roaring rock song. From his phone, he heard Tattletale swearing.

"Their netrunner hacked into our car! They're seizing control bit by bit—damn, damn, damn, they're cutting the power!"

"Peel off the road!" Jaune commanded. "At this distance, I can make it. Escha, on me!"

The car went dark. As it drifted back, he launched into the sky with Escha clinging to his leg to hitch a ride. Gunfire tracked him to stop his pursuit, futile as he threw out [Third Arm] to latch onto the SUV. Zipping across the space, he lunged for the short girl.

A shotgun blast shattered the Geo dome, and he blanched as she ducked under his arms to then shove the barrel of her gun into his mouth.

"Eat lead, motherfucker!" she cried.

A fluffy furball tackled the girl before her oversized metal finger could pull the trigger, and with a yelp, the thrashing pair fell inside the SUV. Jaune gasped a thank-you to Escha, his heart running a mile a minute.

Gunshots rang out from within the vehicle. The short girl must be firing blind, because holes appeared all over the SUV, with the man behind the wheels screaming at 'Rebecca' to stop wrecking his baby.

A blonde woman wearing a facemask focused on him, pointing a handgun at his face as he reached in to help Escha. He batted her hand aside, causing her to cry out in pain.

A big metal slug slammed into his ribs, and almost threw him off the car roof. Jaune bit back a yell, shoving the blonde away and turning toward the shooter.

Yellow jacket, hanging to the side of the gray van, shouted at him, "Pick on someone your own size, corpo!"

The SUV swerved to avoid a car ahead, widening the distance between them. It then swung back into the lane so that Jaune and the other boy were now inches apart.

"Gladly!" Jaune shouted back. "You stole what I was about to steal, so I'm stea—"

He was sitting on the curb.

"—ling it back and DAMMIT!"

He slapped the ground, growling as he tracked the speeding convoy. Yellow jacket thumbed his nose at him as he sat with legs swinging off the edge of the van, for whatever reason spurting two streams of blood from his nostrils.

Over on the SUV, the shortie popped out of the sunroof, one scratched-up metallic arm wound back. She threw a yowling felyne over the road, forcing Jaune to scramble to catch her before a passing car did.

The distraction cemented their escape, and his last sight of them was of the small girl flipping him off. Then, they vanished into the depths of the city.

Night City had taken the measure of Jaune Arc, and adapted.


Author's Notes: A day where nothing went right for Lisa Wilbourn. Heh.

Look at David, applying that Sun Tzu (with some prompting by his team). He will win who knows when to fight and when not to fight. And Jaune? Oh no, you don't fight him head-on.
Stories:
QQ Sneaking His Way into the Multiverse , a RWBY Jaune, WC-lite mechanics story.
Other RWBY stories on AO3 or FF - Yakuza Arc | Conquered Menagerie: Annals of the Sixth Kingdom | Cat, Bunny, and the Good Ship Honey Starbright | The Agent
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:m213, Amdiranifani, Amrynel and 422 others
LazyAutumnMoon
Feb 21, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 72: Just Another Night City Pub New
View content
LazyAutumnMoon
LazyAutumnMoon
We all need Sundancer in our life.
JoinedJun 7, 2024
Messages289
Likes received68,284
Feb 28, 2026
Add bookmark
#6,007

Chapter 72: Just Another Night City Pub
​


Day or night, the Afterlife was always the place to be.

Everyone knew it, whether they worked from the highest office in Arasaka Tower or dug for trash in the deepest and darkest corner of Pacifica. People from all corners of the city whispered about the things that went on inside the bar. Children were born from the womb with its name on their lips. A constant gaggle of groupies hung around outside the doors, begging for somebody allowed in to take them along as a plus one. Corpos threw bribes at the doorman, and always looked lost as money failed to speak for the first time in their lives.

Even if they snagged an invite, it would only last them the night. Come morning, the bouncer kicked them out like yesterday's trash.

The real way to gain entry was to pick up a gun. Then you go out into Night City, and you run.

Through the gangs, through the corps. Take the jobs, earn those eddies. Chrome it up. Be somebody.

Because all edgerunners were bound for the Afterlife.

He should know.

David lounged in his usual booth with the tiredness of a man coming home after a long day. A couple of Valentino toughs had occupied the circular couch and low table until they saw his crew arrive, and now the team enjoyed a corner of the room to themselves. He had an arm draped on the back of the seat, Lucy sitting beside him.

Located in a former morgue with ice-cold fridge tech still running full blast, the bar gave its patrons a rare taste of winter, but nobody would think this looking at Lucy. She had shed her jacket to leave only her netrunner leotard and a pair of shorts. Her breath fogged in the air as she fussed over him and generally being her adorable self. Above them, the speakers played a thumping beat, background noise for a dozen different conversations as the mercs of the Afterlife jockeyed for an audience, regaling friends and strangers of their recent gigs before the rumor mill—or worse, the corpo media—got there first. Some laughed, some cried, a toast was raised to those who never made it home.

On most occasions, he would be right there with them to share the straight detes of his night, but wow, did activating the Sandevistan four times in a handful of minutes take it out of man. The closest to socializing he could manage about now involved giving the ceiling a blank stare, one foot tapping the metal floor in idle restlessness to show everybody that he was still alive. His stomach rumbled, but the snack plates on the table went untouched. He just was not feeling it.

"I could have taken him," he muttered to himself.

Lucy heard him, and she shifted to stand on the seat with her knees which put them eye to eye. She looked like she wanted to slap him. "If you ever see that man again, you delta. Got me? If we hadn't brought you to that ripperdoc yesterday… If Rebecca didn't pull you out of the way today…"

"C'mon, I was caught off-guard for a second," he said. His sluggish mind began picking up steam, rousing from its stupor as he thought more and more about the corpo. "I've replayed the fight a hundred times. Did you see him blocking bullets with those shields?"

"Yeeeah?" From her face, Lucy seemed to miss the implication. So, he clarified.

"It means he would have died without them. His chrome is strong, but they don't make him invincible. There's a limit." And he knew, knew, that limits existed to be overcome.

By an edgerunner, not the corpo. The corpo was supposed to die in this scenario.

The voice of Kiwi broke into their conversation.

"It isn't chrome," she said. With her personal link cable jacked into a tablet, her eyes glowed blue rather than the usual yellow and red. "I wasn't being jammed. He didn't counterhack my cyberoptics and wipe my memories. If he could, we would have bigger problems. Keep telling you, he doesn't have a single ounce of cyberware in him."

A piece of cloth covered Kiwi's mouth over her mask, falling down like a veil. The cat-themed corporate ninja had damaged said mask during the fight inside their car, and it now needed repair before Kiwi was comfortable wearing it in public again. Occasionally, a bendy straw went under the veil so she could sip at a can of Nicola.

An idle thought lurking at the back of his mind suggested he convince Lucy to wear something like that. Just around the penthouse. For no reason.

The patent ridiculousness of Kiwi's claim, a claim parroted by Lucy, drew him out of the sudden reverie before he fell too deep in it.

"He had a forcefield generator," he argued. "I've listened to your theory on bone lacing and skin weaves, but bioware doesn't explain half the things he did."

"David, girls, give it a rest!"

A tray hit their table to cut them off, slammed down with unnecessary force. Rebecca had returned from the bar, and she passed out the second round of drinks before plopping herself onto the bench with him as her backrest.

"We finished the gig and made out like bandits," she said, lifting her mug of beer. "This is a time to celebrate, gonks!"

They could all agree with that sentiment, at least. A smile played on his lips as he raised his glass and clinked it with the others in a toast. The taste of Ab-synth then hit his throat.

Terrible as always. It was the price he paid to avoid the carbonated beer (without touching the fruity cocktails).

Over the rim of the glass, he panned his gaze over the bar. Cubicles set in the walls that once stored bodies poured their cold fog into the room, granting the space an eerie, almost mystical feel. On the opposite side of the room from him, Rogue Amendiares held court with her people, the Queen of the Afterlife granting the favored few with the kind of gigs that had the rest of the solos present salivating. In secluded corners, lesser fixers called on promising mercs to gather a crew. In this city, there was always a score to settle, or an angle to play.

Other edgerunners not caught up in biz filled the booths and tables, well on their way to making it another rowdy night. A game of throwing knives at a picture of the mayor had begun, inevitably dragging politics into it and devolving into an argument. The constant posturing common to their line of business sped matters along, but guns stayed in their holsters. For now.

The bartender, Claire, nodded to him from behind the long counter, the centerpiece of the Afterlife where many a legend had graced and many a drink bearing their names had been served. On a nearby stool, Falco drowned his sorrows in a bottle, the getaway driver running a hand over the new bald spot on his head. Torn off by the same person responsible for Kiwi's busted mask, this crippling injury had devastated the mustachioed dandy. David resolved to pay for the man's hair graft appointment, a gift for his stellar driving earlier.

A blink of his eyes, and it was like nothing had ever changed. He saw Pilar at the center of the floor, amusing people with his antics. Rebecca tried her best to fill that role nowadays, but she could never bear to go all-out making a fool of herself like her brother. A booming laugh rang out over the air, and David turned toward Maine. The man winked at him, leaning on the booth with his girlfriend Dorio under one arm. The two hulking brutes had no sense and little qualms, openly groping one another.

The images faded as David took a hit of his immunosuppressants, the needle depositing a cocktail of chemicals into his bloodstream. They got to work, and the side effects left empty places where his friends once stood.

He never liked how the drug kills his daydreams. He could have gone without the stuff, honestly, but it made the adjustment process with his new implants smoother, and if he wanted to add more cyberware by tomorrow? Then the current spike in load gotta simmer down, or the doc would get on his case.

Not that the reinforced joints helped him much today. The strength to lift a heavy machine gun as if it were a pistol, and none of it mattered when the corpo sliced the firearm to ribbons. He should have punched the gonk during their dive off the car, even if it would do fuck all.

The drink glass shattered in his hand.

"David! The hell, dude?" Rebecca yelped, the others jumping at the sudden commotion.

He motioned with his hands, placating his teammates. "My bad, I forgot my own strength." He checked his palm. The artificial skin was thankfully too tough to break, but the alcohol clung to it. "What a waste of eddies... Can you get me another glass?"

"What do I look like, your maid?" spat Rebecca, flipping him off. In the same breath, she shouted toward the bar counter. "Hey, Claire! Can we get a rag? And a baby bottle for this idiot while you're at it, too!"

"Rebecca, cool it. He doesn't need this right now," Lucy admonished, frowning hard.

"Oh, puh-lease, sister," said Rebecca, slumping down to lay over his lap so she could look up at Lucy. "This is just some tough love. Right, Davey-boy?" The attitude then dialed back a notch as she peered closely at him. "Really, though. What's going on? You're gloomier than usual."

"It's nothing."

In tandem, Lucy and Rebecca exhaled a long breath at the response, with Rebecca muttering, "Of fucking course."

"Don't give me that," Lucy said to him. "Anybody can see that you're distracted. Even Rebecca noticed."

The other girl immediately snapped back, "Hey! What are you trying to say?"

"That you can't take a hint." Lucy leveled a sharp glare at her friend.

Their bickering ceased as he opened his mouth. He did not speak at first, pondering on the right way to put it. His troubles began and ended with one cause, the corpo who he had beaten today. The issue was, why did it continue to bother him?

He took in the sight of his crew. Of them, he and Lucy made it out just fine. Falco lost a tuft of his hair—okay, whatever, he would live. Kiwi and Rebecca were a different matter. Their run-in with the ninja left cuts and bite marks all over their bodies now covered by bandages, with staples holding it together where the skin was less than organic. The metal Gorilla Arms Rebecca used had inches-thick armor plating, and they looked like someone took a katana to them, with an actual dent in one spot.

"The corpo is still out there," David finally said. "Him and his ninja. I have to think about what it means for us if we run into him on a job again. I can't lose you all."

Lucy interjected, "The chances of that—"

"Twice in two days, Lucy. You tell me what those odds are. He's targeting us." He sighed as his girlfriend fell quiet. "You and Kiwi don't have any way to touch him. Me and Rebecca, we're scratching him. We won today by running with our tails tucked between our legs. It…. I don't feel like it's a win."

His hand curled into a fist, the finger joints clicking one by one. He imagined it impacting the other man's face, how he would crumple to the floor. That was what victory looked like to him. Boxers in the ring, the stronger person standing tall at the end. The kind of win that had meaning.

If only corpos were ever willing to make it a fair fight.

"We need to be prepared. We need to look back and learn, instead of pretending it won't screw us over in the future." They seemed very unconvinced, for some reason, giving him deadpan stares. Still, he pressed on. "And if I'm right… I'm not alone in this, am I? What have you got for us, Kiwi?"

At that, he and the others peered across the booth to where Kiwi sat all by her lonesome. The woman weathered their scrutiny with cool aplomb, quietly sipping her cola. Those familiar with her saw through the act for what it was. Kiwi wanted to drag out the moment. The sadist.

A beat later, the corners of her eyes crinkled. David was certain she would be smirking had she been able to. Unjacking from the tablet, she turned it toward them to reveal the various notes and data points she had managed to compile, including a digital rendition of the corpo himself. David would recognize that smarmy grin anywhere.

Kiwi tapped the screen, and the standing figure shifted to one of the corpo charging ahead with sword in hand. That soon changed to one with him crouched, which triggered a side image of him from up close, a POV take that David realized came from Kiwi at the moment she encountered the man.

Good old, reliable Kiwi. Even in the midst of a car chase, she kept her head in the game and did exactly what a netrunner should, working the data in their favor. She never let him down.

The woman leaned back in her seat, satisfied with their impressed looks. "Small disclaimer. Got less than I'd like. But I managed to record his facial profile..."

David waved her comment away. For two hours' work, she had nothing to be humble about. Some netrunners took days. "Good, so—" He paused as Kiwi continued talking.

"His voice... The shape of his blue eyes..." Kiwi manipulated the screen, showcasing each feature. "Height. Estimated weight. Favored side. Muscle definition."

"Uh, Kiwi?"

"Walking gait. Hand size."

"Kiwi."

"Di—"

David reached over the table, clamping onto Kiwi's wrist. "Okay, we get the idea! Good work. Great, even. Can you please move on? What did you do with that data?"

"Ran it through the NCPD system. Duh," Kiwi snarked, shrugging off his grip. David gave it a second to makes sure she would not veer off the rails again, before backing off. "Then through databases maintained by contacts of mine. Roughly accounts for most of NUSA and the Free States, plus Nairobi."

Rebecca blinked, and raised her head off his lap. "Why Nairobi?" She then balked at the judging gazes leveled at her from all sides. "What? I'm serious. What's there?" Her confusion grew and grew in the face of their silence. "Am I out of the loop? Are you guys just fucking with me?" As per usual, her attitude quickly changed to a burning fury, and she plunged a hand into the depths of her jacket to search for a gun. "Tell me or I'll light you up!"

David pressed a hand on her to hold her still and left the gung-ho gunner to rage her heart out, familiar by now with how her short fuse tended to run out of steam in minutes. Meanwhile, Kiwi pulled different files onto the screen. Blank pages after blank pages greeted them.

"He doesn't have a criminal history of any kind. No school records. No media rep. Doesn't do porn braindances, either."

"What kind of searches were you doing, again?"

Kiwi ignored the question. "Far as it goes, we got a ghost that popped up within the last week or so."

A few videos and blog posts slid into view. Lucy sprang forward as she zeroed in on one in particular.

"Wait, he was caught up in that?"

"If by that you mean he walked in and somehow flatlined every side involved, then yes. Some people think the fixer Wakako was behind it, others are saying the incident was the one to put him on her radar. I'm leaning toward the latter."

"I'm surprised he's alive," Lucy said. "Tyger Claws normally wouldn't let something like this slide. They've killed for less."

Kiwi scoffed, "Tell that to him. Anyway, since then he's been accepting jobs from Wakako, with sporadic sightings of him in Japantown."

Right on David's doorstep. Who woulda thunk?

"Unfair is what it is," Rebecca grumbled. "It took me years before the old lady hired me, and this guy gets it in a day? Gonk better watch his back down dark alleys. I see his face, I'll shoot it like… BLAM BLAM! And then—"

The pop-ups closed out one by one to leave a single image of the corpo, frozen in time as he glared down at Kiwi with the night sky at his back. A name underscored the picture.

Johnny.

For reasons he could not quite explain, within David's heart there screamed a roaring beat and a guitar riff.

Another set of files appeared, taking up a corner. "His partner, same deal," said Kiwi. "No trace in the system."

Rebecca took leave from making threats against her new nemesis Johnny to comment. "Because she's a fucking cat!"

David opened his mouth. Closed it. He looked at Kiwi while pointing a finger at Rebecca.

"...That isn't far off the mark," Kiwi admitted. "The ninja pretending she was a cat? A little further down the crazy column than we thought. No hologram involved. She's an exotic, a human biosculpted to be a cat."

"Do people still do that?" Lucy wondered.

A gleam entered Kiwi's eyes, and she sat up straight. "They do. Mostly in Europe. Where bioware is popular."

An intake of breath, and Lucy spun toward David. At the same time, they both shouted.

"That's it!"

"Maybe," Kiwi said, to burst their bubble. "Working theory is your guy either had a full identity wipe or came from overseas. Which complicates things. Dead end unless we have the eddies."

A glance at Falco jogged his memory.

"There was a third member, a driver."

"Didn't get a good look. Decent driving skill, I guess. What more is there to say? That one is no big deal," Kiwi casually dismissed with a haughty sniff.

"Yeah, Falco's way better," Rebecca agreed. "Creeping up on a netrunner in an unshielded car? They probably hired her off the street."

David frowned, crossing his arms as one foot tapped the metal floor. Tonk, tonk, tonk, tonk, tonk.

"How certain are we of that?" he said, feeling restless. His intuition was pinging something fierce, and in this business a man ignored his gut at his own peril. "What if we can use her? Let's look at it from every angle."

Lucy's hand swept in front of him, cutting him off. "Later, David. We have company." She nodded her head to indicate beyond their table.

"I'm hurt, Lucy. Truly. Don't you trust me to be here?"

Claire sauntered up to them, hefting a small tray. A deep, heartfelt sigh of grief was followed by a snicker, and the bartender set down a glass in front of David.

"Another round for our superstar," she said, winking at him. "And a rag to wipe with. Ab-synth sticks like nothing else once it gets in the seams of your cyberware, so you better clean that off soon." The bartender gestured at his hand.

"'Preciate it, Claire," David said, taking the rag.

The piece of cloth stretched taut, caught between their grips.

"Ah-ah. Nothing's free in Night City, David," Claire admonished. "You and your crew wouldn't mind doing me a small favor, would you?" The woman did not give him time to answer either way, releasing the rag to jerk a thumb over her shoulder. "See what that's about for me? Before I have to get involved."

Everybody at the table poked their heads around Claire to look behind her. After a moment, David spoke.

"Since when did you let kids in here?"

"How old are you again?"

"Shhh."

David averted his gaze, and sipped his drink. Unimportant details aside, he understood Claire's problem. Among the rowdy crowd, there strode a set of anomalies. More than just kids, these were tourists wandering around the Afterlife. The bar's owner, Rogue, hired the toughest, meanest sonuvabitch she could find to man the entrance, just to prevent this exact scenario.

They dressed wrong. Walked wrong. Gawked at every little thing like for the first time. Anybody with eyes could see that they did not belong.

The boy had this gormless face that begged for someone to scam him. He stumbled through the room on two left feet and, worse, apologized for it. The mercs he tripped into watched with bemused expressions the string of sorrys and thank yous that came out of the boy's mouth.

The girl behind him, now, she drew even more attention. The dainty steps, the fancy dress, the actual bird sitting on her shoulder… Everything about her screamed rich princess come down from an ivory tower. The bouncer at the door should have barred her from entering on general principles, because she was liable to start a fight with how many people were suddenly calculating the price of her ransom. A lot of mercs could be less than choosy about how they made their eddies.

"I'm getting the picture, Claire," David said, shaking his head. "Those idiots are gonna die."

"That's the same thought I had. Deal with it, hon? My customers are waiting."

As Claire hurried back to work, David turned to his teammate.

"Becca, round them up for me? Let's do our good deed for the day."

His teammate groaned at the request but listened to it anyway. She slid out of the booth and padded off toward the tourists, grumbling all the while. People in her path found themselves unceremoniously elbowed aside, often in very vulnerable spots due to her short height.

One person made way for her, politely taking a step to the left to avoid Rebecca before they collided. This simple act clued David in that they might have overlooked a third member to the little group.

The girl appeared a couple of years older than the other two, or maybe that was just the more mature air about her as she studied the bar with a keen gaze. That said, she outpaced them in plain weirdness. Darting from place to place, the girl would listen to conversations between solos one moment then in the next stick her head inside the morgue cabinets, afterward nodding to herself as if she had solved a mystery. The flat-top hat she wore sported a strange wooden tile on the front, the logo on it failing to match any brand, corp, gang, or trend David recognized.

The oddest thing was the way people seemed to not notice her.

But she did notice them.

Her eyes passed over their table, then snapped back to their group to meet their stares. Pupils shaped like flowers blinked once, twice. Then, the girl smiled.

"Why is she coming over here?" Lucy asked, squinting in suspicion. "She better not be a David fangirl."

As she reached the table, the girl put her hands together, the billowing sleeves overlapping. A bow followed, respectful and oddly formal.

"Greetings, all. Might I have a moment of your time?"

David and his teammates glanced at one another. Kiwi mimed a flapping mouth with her hand, the suggestion clear. Keeping this one out of trouble would be easy enough, at least. Just let her yap.

"Uhhhh… okay?" he answered.

The girl beamed. Up close, her unnatural beauty became all the more apparent, and it raised David's hackles a little. Rich folks and their biosculpting ways.

"I am Hu Tao," the girl said, bowing again. "The 77th Director of the Wangsheng Funeral Parlor. A pleasure to meet you before you go on your way." She stopped there, giving them an expectant gaze.

"I'm David," he replied, with the others following suit to provide introductions. "You said you were with a… funeral parlor?"

Strike one. He did not enjoy thinking about funerals.

The girl, Hu Tao, nodded. "Yes, and I am here seeking the answer to a simple question: are you fine with this as your 'afterlife'?"

A single thought passed through his mind. Oh crap, someone's angling to open a new edgerunner bar, Rogue is going to kill this girl.

Lucy leaned around him. "What do you mean?"

No, Lucy. Don't encourage the nut!

"I'm glad you asked," said Hu Tao, smoothly sliding into the booth without an invitation to sit across from him. Her long hair almost brushed the floor until she gathered them up in her arms. "Can I get you something? A drink? Some snacks? No? Straight to business, then. I commend your eagerness."

Crossing one leg over the other, she scanned them up and down.

"You see, I could not help but notice the rough shape that many of your compatriots are in."

The girl indicated the room with an airy wave of her hand, encompassing both Kiwi's state and the blood splatters on his clothes, but also the many other signs of battle that the edgerunners of the Afterlife wore like a badge of honor. As if to agree, a crew of mercs rushed into the room, carrying a wounded teammate. They dropped him onto the pool table and began attempting to resuscitate him, their leader on a call with Trauma Team.

"The times are tough, aren't they?" Hu Tao said.

David shrugged. "Part of the job. If somebody can't take it, maybe they should quit."

"Oh no, no, no!" said the girl, sighing. "Who are we to dictate their life? No, let each live to their fullest, following their own paths wherever it may lead… And it is that very destination which concerns me."

Okay, she lost him. Kiwi, however, narrowed her eyes.

"The Afterlife."

"Exactly."

"I'd mind what I say, if I were you," Kiwi advised. "Here, the walls have ears."

"And mine won't." Hu Tao leaned forward and lowered her voice, and as she spoke, she poked the table for emphasis. "Just straight wood. Handmade custom. Guaranteed to satisfy your needs."

He felt like he had been thinking this a lot lately, but… what the hell was going on?

"Drugs," Lucy whispered in his ear.

"That's she's on, or that she's offering?" he muttered back.

"Yes."

He had his doubts on that, because as the girl continued to talk, the possibility just did not make sense. Granted, nothing about this did.

"How will your weary bones rest in this freezing box? Brrr!" Hu Tao hugged herself and exaggerated a shiver. Then, she clapped her hands over her ears. "What kind of sleep are you going to get with this much noise?" She shook her head. "Ai-yai-yai, it's impossible!"

Despite himself, a smile grew on his face. The corners of Kiwi's eyes crinkled in that mouthless smirk of hers, and even Lucy snickered.

The girl was just so bad at this.

When did she think they were, 1977? If she wanted to make a sales pitch, then she missed every element of a good ad. The gun firing in the air, the naked babes in the background, and so on. The attention-grabbers.

And then it stopped being funny, because he figured out what she was selling.

"Your mortal body deserves better for its service. More than that, you deserve reassurance." She waved at the room again. "Standing in line? A keeper at the door? Is this what they have demanded your money for all this time? I doubt this establishment even has a retrieval service should you meet your untimely end outside the premises."

Strike two. He did not like people selling him funeral packages.

"Wait a minute," David growled. "Who said anything about me dying?"

Hu Tao cocked her head, bewildered at the interruption. "Were we not, dear customer? Is that not the reason all of you are waiting here for, in case you succumbed to your wounds tonight and needed a burial?"

"No!"

"Oh," said Hu Tao in a small voice. A second glance at their surroundings, and understanding began to dawn for her. "So… I will go out on a limb here and guess that this isn't a quirky funeral parlor." They need not answer. She read the truth from their faces, and thereafter slumped over to bang her head on the table. "What is it going to take to sell a coffin around here?" she whined miserably.

Strike—nah, scratch that. Whether it be in this life or the next, David Martinez did not enjoy seeing a woman cry.

"If it makes you feel better, nobody actually buries a dead body nowadays."

"It doesn't…"

Welp, he tried.

Rebecca saved them from the awkward mood. Her brash self held no concept of reading the room, and she charged into the conversation with the delicacy of a Maxtac strike squad, her mission half-complete with a blonde in tow.

"Guys! You gotta listen to this chick talk, she's hilarious!"

"Unhand me, pale demoness of the abyss! I am not your entertainment!"

Rebecca shoved her captive in front of them, and slapped away the bird trying to peck her eyes out. "Come on, princess," she urged, elbowing the younger (but taller) girl in her side. "Tell them what you told me. Who are you again?"

Rather than complying, the kid looked ready to cry, and David realized he had a crisis on his hands. Reputation meant the world in this business. An edgerunner known for slaughtering corpos and goons in droves was a solo headed for the top. An edgerunner that ransomed men, women, and children for a quick buck was a dangerous man to watch. An edgerunner who bullied kids for their candies got flatlined and double-tapped by the entire bar. They were mercs with class, thank you. Keep it professional!

Yet, before he could intervene, the dainty girl gritted her teeth. Defiance flashed in her eye as she set her feet apart. A hand went up to cover her eyepatch, the other pointing to the ceiling.

The air around her changed. Surer, with confidence born from spite.

"H-Hark! You stand in the presence of Fischl, the Prinzessin der Verurteilung, sovereign of fair Immernachtreich! Bow your head in supplication, for salvation comes!"

"Bahahahahahaha!"

All of the girl's confidence vanished as she watched Rebecca roll on the floor, laughing her heart out. Barring Hu Tao who applauded, everybody at the table plus everybody within earshot struggled to not point and laugh.

Look, some people were just very bullyable.

And then the bird let loose an EMP blast, and they all stopped laughing.

Arcs of electricity framed the dainty princess. They bounced along the metal floor to send tough, scarred mercs stumbling back, with Rebecca screeching in a panic as she rolled, and continued rolling, to avoid getting zapped. The bird revealed its artificial nature, spreading its wings and seeming to grow three sizes as it hovered behind the girl named Fischl. A violet glow had overtaken her one visible eye, trailing sparks as she turned her head to glare from face to face.

Guns left their holsters before their owners even realized it. The kind of crazy gonk that would drop an EMP grenade in the middle of a conversation…

A laugh cut through the tension, rough and loud. The Queen of the Afterlife had her head thrown back, cackling at the sight of her mercs running scared. An indulgent wave of her hand rendered judgment upon the fool who dared to start a fight with a dozen solos.

…someone like that belonged here.

"Fischl, are you okay!?"

A boy squeezed through the crowd, and ran up to the girl. He put up his fists, standing back to back with her like they were about to throw down with everybody in a bar brawl. These kids had spunk, if nothing else.

"It's fine," David called out, shifting position to hide how he had scrambled away from the EMP. "It's cool. Nobody's got a problem here, ain't that right?"

He looked around, gesturing for the other crews and solos to ease off. With Rogue and now his voice added to the scale, it snuffed out the budding hostilities. Guns returned to their holsters, and ruffled feathers settled down.

Thus, he proved the old adage that it paid to build rep.

The only one he worried about was his own teammate, Rebecca. A grenade in her own right. The beaming grin on her face as she hopped to her feet told him he could relax.

"That bird is fucking nova, girl!" Rebecca cried, slapping Fischl on the back as if the earlier situation never happened. "Where did you get it? Because I'm thinking, right, I'm thinking we gather a whole flock of them to release at the dashi parade. Make it a show!"

The dainty girl's head tilted to the side. "Oz is… nova? Is that good?"

Rebecca stared askance.

"Yeah, it's good. You must be real sheltered, huh?"

Sheltered was right. He knew corpo kids sucked ass when it came to modern slang, but this girl took the cake. Still, he must admit. Rebecca had it right.

That bird was fucking nova.

"You ever thrown a knife, princess?" Rebecca asked, already warming up to the other crazy girl in the room. Leaning on her, she wrapped an arm around Fischl.

"Yes."

"Well, you're gonna—hold up, what?" His teammate blinked, staring slack-jawed.

"She has pretty amazing aim," the boy next to Fischl provided. Rebecca turned to him, an ever-widening grin stretching her lips.

"This gets better and better. So what about you, kid?"

"I… once took a man's finger off at fifty paces."

As Rebecca shouted about corpo kids and surprises, David listened to the quieter conversation between the two blonds.

"I thought you said you could never win a game at the Mondstadt fair because you always miss the targets."

"He was standing behind me."

This sounded like a disaster in the making. David made no move to stop it beyond checking the location of the knife-throwing target, and he sent Rebecca and her new friends off with a smile. Surely nothing bad would happen. If it did, Rebecca could handle herself.

If she couldn't, then Rogue would intervene.

If she won't, the other solos were going to step in.

If they didn't, they had a funeral director on-site.

Not his problem.

A giggle from across the table drew his notice. Hu Tao softly laughed, covering her lips with her fingers, gaze trailing after Rebecca.

"A lively person, that one. I know a few people who could stand to meet her." Propping her chin, she leaned on the table, casting her gaze over the uproarious crowd. Somewhere in there, a man screamed, likely from a knife wound. "I supposed this kind of 'afterlife' isn't such an insult to the real thing."

"It's never boring," he offered.

"That's true. Charter Hill is so much more interesting than I gave it credit for."

Lucy frowned, confused and being all cute about it. "Charter Hill? We're in Little China."

Hu Tao gave Lucy a blank stare for a few seconds, completely silent.

"...Oh," she finally said.

The girl looked to the left, then the right, then launched to her feet. Placing her hands together, she bowed to them.

"It has been a pleasure, but please excuse me. Something has come up."

With that, Hu Tao dashed away in a blur.

"Oh no. Oh no. Oh no. Fischl, Bennett, we have to go! Please don't tell Jaune about thiiiis!"

Jaune, what a weird name.

Watching the strange girl disappear into the depths of the Afterlife, David, too, pushed off from his seat. The others thought it was a signal for them to leave, but he bade them to not get up. Lucy could stand to hang out with the girls, and maybe mend bridges.

As for him, he just felt a little peckish, that was all. No need to make a fuss. A bowl of noodles should hit the spot.



-o-
​


The doors to the apartment slid shut behind Jaune with a soft click. He pressed his ear to it, and for a minute strained to listen if anybody had awoken.

No.

Good.

He padded down the hallway to call the elevator. Soon, he stepped out onto the street where a soft rain fell upon the city.

Life carried on even past midnight, with too many faces to count. They did not let the rain bother them. Somewhere, gunshots rang out, followed by the sound of police sirens. Just another Night City story to tell.

Jaune stood at the entrance of the apartment building for a while to center himself. Once the noise and lights ceased to overwhelm his senses, he set out into the alleys of Japantown. Neon colors lit the way.

Barely inside, a person stepped out of the shadows to put a gun to his head.

"Give me everything you got or I'll shoot, motherf—gack!"

The mugger dropped like a sack of potatoes.

"I'm not your mother. Ooh, and what a nice umbrella."

Jaune walked away from the altercation with a pep in his steps, twirling his newest gun in one hand while cradling an umbrella on his shoulder. Droplets of rain struck the transparent canopy, and reflected light from the glowing neon ribs to form a cascading waterfall of colors.

There was a reason he warned the others to stay out of the alleys, and it was the same reason he took them every chance he got. Bad things happened here.

In no time at all, he spied a familiar sign. Jig-Jig Street.

A feeling of heaviness settled within his chest. Perhaps he should have told Lisa about what he was doing. No, he definitely had to, but he also knew what her answer was going to be. She had made her opinions clear.

But…

He just could not take it anymore. The curiosity, the urge, was near irresistible.

Jaune strode by the sign, and crossed the street. A flight of stairs put him at his destination.

Here, flickering holograms created the twisting branches of a garden to cast everything in a cherry pink glow. Stalls made of steel and plastic scaffolding laid out in a haphazard pattern, and from behind their counters the entrepreneurs of Japantown shouted and waved to those passing by.

Cherry Blossom Market. Where the petals eternally fell yet never touch the earth.

They sold junk. They sold dreams. Above all…

The scent of sizzling oil tickled his nose, tinged with a sweet and piquant aroma.

Above all, they sold slop.

Complete, utter slop. A certain girl deemed it unfit for animals, let alone humans. It looked good, though, and Jaune really wanted to know what the food here tasted like.

Look out, Night City. A gourmet had arrived.


Author's Notes:
Lisa—The local cuisine is literally cardboard and worms.
Jaune—Give me everything on the menu!
.
Hu Tao—Psssh, I know how to 'flag a cab'. Easy peasy.
Stories:
QQ Sneaking His Way into the Multiverse , a RWBY Jaune, WC-lite mechanics story.
Other RWBY stories on AO3 or FF - Yakuza Arc | Conquered Menagerie: Annals of the Sixth Kingdom | Cat, Bunny, and the Good Ship Honey Starbright | The Agent
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:m213, Amdiranifani, Amrynel and 461 others
LazyAutumnMoon
Feb 28, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 73: Just Another Night City Beat'em Up New
View content
LazyAutumnMoon
LazyAutumnMoon
We all need Sundancer in our life.
JoinedJun 7, 2024
Messages289
Likes received68,284
Mar 7, 2026
Add bookmark
#6,091

Chapter 74: Just Another Night City Beat'em Up
​


A hundred red lanterns glowed in the night, illuminating the Cherry Blossom Market.

A dome of glass protected its visitors from the rain, the soft pitter-patter lost among the bustling pedestrian traffic under a gray sky. Jaune walked through the crowd with his nose raised high in the air to breathe in the scent of cooking, for which there were many. The narrow paths between the stalls put all they had to offer on display.

Even with a single bowl of ramen, each cook put their own spin on it to stand out from the rest. Kebabs ran the gamut from spicy to sweet to the 'orgiatic vinegar chili-infused' special recipe. The possibilities seemed endless, a culinary feast for the senses.

Eager to partake in the food of the future, he soon stopped by a booth and paid for a meal.

"...Excuse me, there's a bug in my mashed potatoes."

"There's a potato in your mashed bugs?"

Oh boy.

Jaune and the cook stared at one another unblinking, neither quite able to comprehend the nonsense that the other person was spouting. The eye contact broke as the next customer stepped in front of Jaune, leaving him alone with the small paper cup he bought, it dawning on him with a creeping dread that he should have read the menu more closely.

'Mashed Tater(ish)' sounded to him like a kooky name that a person came up with to attract customers. Haha, no, the cricket leg poking out of the mound of food corrected that mistaken notion. It was in fact a disclaimer, or a threat. He had a vague inkling of it going in, but wow, Lisa had not been kidding.

Gingerly, he scooped up a spoonful of the stuff and held it closer for inspection. The electric mixer did a pretty good job rendering almost everything down to a fine consistency, with what he assumed was food coloring to bleach the resulting goop and grant it the appearance of a familiar dish. A naive person might then believe the small dark chunks a result of the cook seasoning the dish with black pepper and bits of bacon. To help sell the happy delusion, a generous heaping of gravy atop the so-called tater obscured its true nature. Crushed flakes added an extra flair to the meal, like what the fancy restaurants did to steaks with gold shavings.

Crushed flakes of what, the cook never said. At a glance, it resembled… um… well… more of those alternative protein sources, let's call it.

Now, he liked to imagine himself as the adventurous type, but it seemed the world wanted to challenge that with a simple question: could he put his money where his mouth was, and put a cricket in his mouth? The thought that waiting any longer would lead to the meal losing heat, and him eating cold dead bugs, spurred him to action.

"Nothing for it, then," he said, and quickly chomped down on the spoon before he lost his nerves. Chewing would mean more time spent thinking about it, so he swallowed the food right away.

The sensation as it traveled down to his stomach insisted to his mind that this was soft, fluffy mashed potatoes. The gritty texture of the bacon pieces really elevated an otherwise mundane recipe. Flavor-wise, the gravy carried the whole thing on its back with this rich, deep note of earthiness he had never before tasted.

In a way, the dish defied his expectations. He had prepared his heart for mere slop, ready and willing to toss it aside should it prove inedible. Faced with the fact that he could stand to eat this as long as he closed his eyes, he considered the actual outcome a worse one, because he did so hate to waste food.

"Yo man, how is it?" the cook called over, taking a moment out of serving customers to give him a thumbs-up. "Good?"

Jaune answered the cook with a stiff smile, and hoped it did not come out too obviously as a grimace. Also, that he did not have bugs stuck in his teeth.

The experience taught him the value of caution. Clearly, the Night City palate spanned a wide range of flavors and ingredients. Not to say this was a bad thing, only that a person new to the local cuisine might find it an acquired taste, to be taken in small bites. Very, very small bites.

Which was why, after he had eaten as much of the mashed tater as he could stomach (the bug juices collected at the bottom), he opted for a safer choice on the next go-round.

"Franchise chains. That's the ticket," he assured himself as he waited in line with others for a store set in the corner of the night market.

In other circumstances and to anybody else, he would decry this decision as a cop-out. Visiting the big city then making a beeline for plain fast food, in his opinion, wasted the opportunity. It risked turning a person boring, and the last thing Jaune Arc wanted to be was boring. Still, tonight warranted an exception, at least until he worked up the nerves to branch out.

Upon reaching the front of the line, he placed his order.

A slice of cheese pizza. No way to go wrong here.

True to the name of the restaurant, it cost him one whole eddie for the meal. For a buck-a-slice. The supreme value boggled the mind and forgave a lot of downsides, such as how the pizza came out thinner than pictured on the menu sign. After all, cheap prices added a spice of its own. Other than that, the pizza appeared perfect, the cheese turning just a little brown from its time in the oven with the crust achieving that wonderful balance of softness and crunch.

He bit into the pizza, and chewed with relish.

Seconds later, the chewing stopped. The bite of pizza in his mouth slowly moved from one side to the other. Then, he tried to let it sit so that the flavors seeped onto his tongue. Or perhaps he should say, flavor. Singular.

Swallowing the food down, he mused aloud, "Am I… eating the pizza box?"

He picked at the cheese, lifting it up as if he might find an entirely new pizza inside the pizza-shaped container. But no, what he saw was what he got.

The tomato sauce seemed to be ketchup. A local version, too sweet with a lingering sourness. It made up the best part of the pizza, a bar so low it was buried in the ground. The dough tasted of nothing, a holder for the bland cheese that was already rapidly cooling in the night air, congealing into a sticky mucus-like goo.

The bugs tasted better than this.

His next bite turned out no better than the first. It would not be wrong to describe the pizza as melting on the tongue, for its various components fell apart at prompt speed once it landed in his mouth. Decomposing, he thought.

To him, that was the worst part. In return for this assault on his palate, somewhere along the way to his stomach the morsel of food vanished, mixing with saliva to become thin gruel that failed to sate a person's hunger.

He ate the pizza, and just felt bad afterward.

Gazing up at the sign, 'Buck-a-Slice', Jaune decided then and there that them charging an eddie for this was no fair deal, but daylight robbery. That first-hand look into the level of quality he could expect from Night City franchise chains convinced him to beat a hasty retreat toward the independent food stalls. Chances were, these guys would have to eat whatever they failed to sell at the end of the day, a wonderful incentive to keep their food from hitting the true rock bottom. If he could not rely on their skill at cooking, then let him trust their sense of self-preservation.

The search for better fares carried him deeper into the night market. He touched nothing, not this time. His original mistake had been one of carelessness, his second laziness. Now, he applied those lessons, combing over the signs and menus with a keen eye before ever dreaming to place an order, often spending a minute or two peeking into the cooking areas.

In the process, he discovered a secret. The cooks were improvising their sauces and spices from things like snack tubes of flavored jelly, pouring them over the food. It made for interesting combinations, albeit shallow. The flavors went skin-deep. That knowledge led him to ignore dishes touted as special recipes, and instead looked for dishes whose intrinsic value shone due to the ingredients themselves.

What did that pretentious yammering (that he read in a magazine) even mean?

Su. Shi.

A popular dish, sushi in the Cherry Blossom Market featured three distinct styles, judging from what he saw. Vending machine, prepackaged on a shelf, and made by hand. The first, he disregarded at once. The very idea sounded bad, considering expiration dates. The sushi on the shelves were a step up from that, but the impersonal feel of the plastic boxes lost his interest. That left the last and most expensive option. The rave reviews from customers leaving the sushi stand persuaded him to give it a chance.

Plastic chairs set next to a counter allowed customers to sit down. Jaune grabbed one, and with elbows resting on the counter, he watched the chef perform her magic. Most of the prep work was already done, with thin cuts of fish stored in a container that she retrieved from a fridge. The same went for the rice. Cleverly, she had shaped them beforehand to save time, and they stacked in neat rows within a big tub. A deft hand arranged the ingredients in a hypnotic dance of fingers, the chef showing off her years of experience. Soon, a colorful spread of sushi sat in front of him on a plate, fit for a picture. The fish roe looked a little mushy, but the fatty and succulent slices of tuna made up for it.

A second packet of soy sauce, the chef informed him, would cost extra. He was far less willing to pay for that. Oh, well.

Chopsticks in hand, he chose neither roe nor tuna as the opener. That honor went to the piece topped with egg omelette.

Squeak!

Jaune stopped mid-bite and drew away from the sushi, staring at it in suspicion.

"Something wrong, mister? Ya ain't eating," the chef said, with Jaune mutely waving away the concern in reply.

Giving it a second go, he nibbled at the fried egg to confirm he had not imagined the rubbery texture. What a strange way to cook an omelette, and something he might look further into later. He dusted off the egg sushi, then moved on to the salmon and tuna. Yes, both. One after the other, to strike the newest tally mark in that eternal contest to decide which fish reigned supreme as the king of sushi.

First, salmon. Its soft, smooth flesh went down easy, the taste subtle. He could hardly detect the smell of fish, which was one of the reasons he always enjoyed salmon sushi. Prepared well, it became a dish that suited the tongues of beginners and connoisseurs alike.

He then tried the tuna, bracing himself for a sharper, fishier flavor. Tuna, cheap tuna in particular, often featured a harsher note than salmon. Its intensity was not for everyone, and the firmer texture created a different mouthfeel. Yet, on this occasion, he had been wrong. As befitting the highest quality tuna, its soft and smooth flesh went down easy, practically melting on his tongue—waaaait a minute.

A theory popped into his head, born from a sudden sense of deja vu. Heart sinking, he plucked another piece of salmon sushi and scarfed it down, and did the same to a second tuna sushi. He paused for a beat, before reaching for mackerel, followed by octopus. Shrimp was next. Roe. Surf clam.

The speed at which he ate impressed the chef.

"You must love your sushi! How about another order, special price? Five percent off," she said with a greedy glint to her smile.

The chef had the wrong idea, and Jaune refused the offer. He studied the half-eaten piece of surf clam, the consistency of which felt a lot softer than what he remembered clams being. And, strangely, while eating it he tasted the salmon earlier. Along with the tuna, the shrimp, and all the rest.

The sushi came in different colors, but tasted nearly the same. He would bet Crocea Mors they shared an underlying ingredient that had nothing to do with the names put on them.

SCOP. Had to be. The ads on the TV and billboards proclaimed it the miracle food, able to transform into anything* a person cared to eat through the use of additives. Lisa told him it was worms in a can.

And no, he never found the accompanying note to the asterisk.

"So, this is it in action, huh? I guess the ads lied to me," he said, working through the plate of sushi and dissecting it for signs of a difference between the species mimicked by the SCOP. There was enough of a fishy smell to make a person think of seafood instead of, for example, a cow. Something got added to toughen the octopus and clam meat, sort of. It crumbled apart with too little resistance to be real.

Except, the other customers of the shop gushed over the authentic flavor, contrasting it to the plebeian vending machine version that lacked a master's touch. He suspected they never had the actual thing to compare with.

What a world. No wonder they went in for sauces so hard.

After that meal, he continued to wander the night market, tasting food here and there with somewhat cooled spirits. Fake meat aside, it did fascinate him how well the stuff reacted to cooking. Grill it, boil it, fry it, the SCOP-made ingredients sizzled and browned in a believable way, for all purposes behaving as the food they pretended to be. It lent to the illusion that the 'turkish' chicken kebab he bought from this stall was a completely separate style of cuisine from the 'chinese' pork dumplings from that stall. Here, they believed more in the art of seeming than the truth.

The music was real, though. The clothes and electronics, too. Cherry Blossom Market sold things other than food, and in between tastings, he explored the world of the future.

Souvenir knickknacks turned out mostly the same as in any universe, overpriced and poor in quality. Yet at one booth, a lucky cat figurine with one paw raised ended up in his pocket despite him swearing he would not get conned into buying junk.

Another stall carried a selection of data tablets. The prices on them drew him in, until he overheard a customer grill the vendor over how many viruses and spying programs were embedded in the devices. Very little, the vendor bragged, which was not an assuring answer to Jaune. That place, he left alone.

At a record store, he gave the old man behind the counter a minor seizure when he admitted he had never heard of the band Samurai. This faraway look overtook the old man's face for close to a minute before he snapped out of it. Jaune's sympathy waned at that point, because the old man turned around to act in an insufferable manner, talking about kids today and their terrible music. He refrained from telling the old man Samurai wasn't all that, in his opinion. Too angry and bitter, unlike the styles of Remnant, and scratches on the ears. He was half-tempted to play the man a couple of the songs stored in his scroll, but in the end departed from the store on good terms after a not-totally-voluntary listening session of the band's greatest hits, a pounding rock song screaming at his back and a t-shirt in hand that he intended to foist onto Bennett.

Whispers followed him. Had been, all this time.

"Look, that's the guy! The solo!"

The words passed in one ear and out the other, at first. Unused to the term, he assumed people were referring to someone else. However, the chatter around him refused to ease off, and the suspicious behavior finally clued him in that they were talking about him.

Cherry Blossom Market lay at the heart of Japantown, a place where Tyger Claws roamed unopposed. A small rally of them with their tricked-out motorcycles took place at the road adjacent to the night market, and they were rather riled up tonight, not so quick to avert their eyes as he looked their way. He wished he could explain it as him building a good rapport with them, but the sneers they try to hide said otherwise, and the video playing on tablets in their hands likely had something to do with it. A sneaky glance over a nearby person's shoulder revealed a familiar face on the screen. His own.

Mere hours, and somebody had collated the videos recording his chase of Yellow Jacket and his crew to create a continuous montage, set to music. The slapstick sort, paired with wacky sound effects when he seemingly teleported from the top of a moving vehicle to lying flat on the road. Slowed-down replays showed the buff edgerunner tackling him and slamming him into the asphalt with nary a response on his part, the video zooming in on his face in the aftermath with a sad trombone sound effect.

Some were talking about his flying and expressed amazement at him withstanding a bullet to his gut. They said his chrome had to be so 'preem'. But, overwhelmingly, his flops dominated the discussion, the "Wah-wah-wah-waaaaah!" playing from many speakers at once. Everybody loved to laugh at the loser.

Ahhh, the nostalgia~ The situation reminded him of back in Beacon. Man, he forgot how much he hated this kind of thing.

He had no intention of running away from the ridicule, of course. Him stepping behind the relative privacy of a noodle stand's curtains was all about trying out food. Yep.

In lieu of a menu, the shop's counter doubled as a display case that highlighted the items available, with prices beside them. A quick glance, and he spoke to the person staffing the kitchen.

"I'll have the soy sauce ramen with tofu and... and mixed green colors?" He shook off his confusion. "Extra firm noodles."

"You got it, boss. Coming right up."

As the cook bustled off, he settled down on a seat. The noodle stand rested at the end of the path, allowing it to take up the corner and command two lanes of customer traffic. At the moment, he had a whole side of the shop to himself and intended to enjoy it, kicking out his legs to lounge in comfort.

All of his movements ceased as his eyes met that of a solo. Of Yellow Jacket.

Sitting at the other counter, the edgerunner did likewise, strings of ramen hanging from his mouth. A long period of silence ensued between the two of them, while in the background, money started exchanging hands among the sharp-eyed observers.

Then, they both launched to their feet.

"You!" / "Motherfucker!"

"Where did you even come from?" / "Were you following me?"

"No, before that—" / "Wait, that's not important—"

"Gimme the van back!" / "Fight me!"

Clack. The cook placed a bowl of soy sauce ramen, piping hot and fully cooked in the span of seconds, on the counter in front of Jaune. He and Yellow Jacket stared at it, with the latter then looking to his own bowl. The edgerunner's stomach rumbled.

"After," Jaune suggested.

"Agreed," the edgerunner instantly replied. "But once we're done, I'm pounding you into the dirt."

They sat down.

"You can try," Jaune said, separating a set of disposable chopsticks then using it to stir the broth. Steam wafted off the ramen bowl in waves. "Maybe if you make it a fair fight and don't run away this time."

The declaration lacked bite, because as the ramen entered his mouth, he grimaced. Extra firm noodles meant something different here, evidently. More akin to the consistency of leather shoe laces.

He seriously considered spitting it out.

Across the food stand, the edgerunner scoffed at him. "Problem with your ramen? Does it not suit your delicate tongue, your majesty?" The other boy's hulking frame was forcing him to hunch over his noodles. With practiced hands, he twirled the ramen on his chopsticks and slurped it up, afterward pointing the chopsticks at Jaune. "The view from the top of that mountain must be nice if you can't see how real people live anymore. A corpo like you don't get to talk about fairness."

Jaune swallowed the noodles. "A corpo? I'm not—" He shook his head. "Okay, seriously, you can't even see the mountain I'm on. No joke, but you're kind of out of your depths here. I'm not opposed to talking about this peacefully, you know."

"We can, after I flatline you," spat Yellow Jacket.

Flatline meant kill. Thus, that was the end of that, so far as Jaune was concerned.

The noodle stand quieted down, with the clinking of utensils the only sound left for the next few minutes. As Jaune ate, he studied the other boy with a curious eye, and absent the frantic actions of hours ago, he confirmed an earlier assessment. Yellow Jacket had grown bigger since their encounter at the WNS station, and it was not just a simple matter of height. Arms, legs, torso… Everything seemed off, like somebody took him and stretched him a few inches longer on a rack, then filled him with even more muscles to smooth out the proportions. His chair certainly protested the immense weight pressing down on it.

Cyberware? Unless the guy was into some BDSM medieval torture play, then that seemed the likeliest answer. He really should have paid more attention to those catalogues Lisa kept waving in his face, then he might have a better idea of what upgrades Yellow Jacket made to himself. In his defense, he was nowhere near as gung-ho about inserting metal rods and screws inside his body as she was.

It did not matter much, he supposed. Capture Yellow Jacket, and he stood a fair chance of learning where the edgerunners stashed the shipment of arms. Four hours or so meant it must not have gotten far. He could still turn the night around.

For the sake of that possibility, he would stick around and see where things led. Even if it was a little awkward sitting across from an enemy like this.

"You know," Jaune said after a while, in between bites. "The noodles aren't that bad. Way too salty, but at least I haven't seen a bug in the soup yet."

"Wow. I bet they're over the moon about that backhanded compliment, you pampered brat… But yeah, Yagami does the tastiest noodles in Night City, bar none," Yellow Jacket replied.

Despite the animosity, they shared a slight smile.

While under the table…

Lisa! Com quik!! Foun him!!! :Jaune​

Annoying Blonde N.8: wat?

Chry blom mrtk :Jaune
!!! :Jaune​

Annoying Blonde N.8: Why were you there?
Annoying Blonde N.8: Don't tell me you were eating the crap they sell.
Annoying Blonde N.8: You're gonna regret this.
Annoying Blonde N.8: Jaune?

^._.^ :Jaune​

Annoying Blonde N.8: WHAT THE FUCK DOES THAT EVEN MEAN!?

He slipped the phone back into the pocket of his jacket and returned to his meal, somewhat touched by how much Lisa cared.

Not that anything bad could happen. He was tough.

*gurgle*



-o-
​


Lucy! Come quick-quick!! I found him!!! : David​

Lucy: Wat?

Him. The corpo. Johnny. He's at Cherry Blossom Market : David​

Lucy: Tell me you're joking. David, you have to get away from him. Hurry!

No can do. Bring the gang. We're ending his threat once and for all : David​

Lucy: You absolute gonkhead!
Lucy: Wait for us. Please, David.
Lucy: Hang on, are you eating street ramen again?

Aaaand time to end the holocall. Sorry, Lucy. The electromagnetic waves must have somehow brought the subnet down. Very unfortunate.

Without her voice in his ear, the world became just a little grayer. David went back to eating the ramen, while also turning his focus to the business of killing Johnny.

People liked to look at his muscles as a way of judging his intelligence. Somebody this ripped had to be stupid, was the last thought a long list of guys who imagined themselves smart ever had. They died, while he lived.

So, he could recognize when he stood on shaky grounds and give what he was going up against the proper level of respect. The corpo's cyberware posed a serious threat.

Ugh. Not cyberware. Two of the best netrunners he knew agreed that there was no chrome involved.

Bioware, all the way down. Maybe gadgets for the weirder stuff. He deferred to the expertise of Lucy and Kiwi, but until they had better info, he refused to budge on his stance that some of those abilities were impossible for meat to support. Mere flesh and blood doing what metal could not sounded like the plot of a bad movie.

The weapon swapping, the multiple forcefields, the flight, and that creepy arm combined in a formidable package. Each needed a counter. Each presented an opportunity.

The arm, he could handle. He remembered swiping the limb in half without issue. What it gave his opponent was unpredictability. The thing launched in a split second and while unbroken had the strength to pull his entire bulk along.

Flying? Pretty nova. It also made the guy a sitting duck for a person with good aim. David was not that person, but he did have a Satara electromag shotgun strapped to his back that fired 14 projectiles with the pull of a trigger. Who needed aim, when you had a Satara?

Damn, that line deserved a TV ad. He'd pitch it to the corpo later over his corpse.

With the bowl of noodles halfway gone, he kicked his thoughts into high gear. A furtive glance along the counter showed that Johnny had been keeping pace with his own meal.

He might not have an explanation for the sleight of hand, not since Kiwi shot down his theory of cyberoptic hacks, but he did not need to understand to work out a solution. The corpo liked his pointy sticks, so stay out of his range. When the guns came out, find cover or take it on the (armored cyberware) chin. Night City Firefight 101, applied to battle yet again.

Which left the forcefields, the ace in the hole for the corpo. A golden sphere that covered an area around him, and a subtler one on his skin. With them, he walked off bullets without the slightest hitch in his step.

Why did a man need two shields? Because neither were enough on their own. They had a limit. The gold one that kept breaking supported this idea.

More than that, their clashes revealed that the effectiveness of the shields tied into Johnny's awareness. He had to brace against momentum to cancel it out. Unprepared, he behaved as a normal person, obeying normal physics.

In order to put the hurt on him, David needed to hit hard and hit fast before Johnny perceived the attack.

For that, his best move boiled down to one moment.

The first strike.

Do it like NUSA, baby. Whoo!



-o-
​


*cricket chirps*

Were they fighting yet?

Jaune stared off into the empty air, his chopsticks idly stirring the murky ramen broth. He had already checked it multiple times for a nasty surprise, but due to recent experiences, the sense of paranoia refused to go away. In the end, the last of the subpar noodles disappeared down his stomach and he set aside the utensils.

Final review: nowhere close to the best ramen he ever ate, not by a long shot. Needless to say, the food tour was a bust. The night market boasted no hidden gems, only poor choices.

The plastic chair scraped against the concrete as he pushed away from the table.

"...Urp!"

He placed a hand over his lips with the other grabbing the counter, wincing at the sudden twinge in his stomach. A gurgling noise emanated from it. An occasional annoyance that had been bothering him throughout the meal, it had grown to a constant sensation instead of fading away.

"Why do I feel so woozy?" Plus his arms and legs felt like they had weights strapped to them.

Could he be sick?… Naaah.

Choosing to tough it out, he turned to face the edgerunner. "Okay, let's get this over with. Come at me!"

WHAM!

The next thing he knew, he was cartwheeling through the air above the market stalls. Up became down, down became up. Pain bloomed on his face, rattling him with such force that his vision blurred.

The strings on which the lanterns hung broke as he snagged into them in passing, spilling the paper lamps onto the people below. His back struck a concrete pillar with a loud boom, breaking the surface into a network of spiderweb cracks. The subsequent drop banged his head against the ground, dust and debris falling on him.

Boyish laughter, clear and bright, rang out over Cherry Blossom Market.

"It worked! Haha! What's wrong, gonk? You don't look so good. Daddy never spanked you? Well, call me your father because I'm gonna give you a whooping!"

Jaune had no energy to retort. He got to his feet only to stumble, and had to brace his shoulder on the broken pillar for support. Sweat poured down his brows, a whimper slipping past his lips.

Why is it suddenly hurting so much ahhhhh!

Jaune clutched his stomach, knees knocking together and heaving for breath as around him visitors to the night market scrambled to move out of harm's way. The owners of the stalls followed the rushing tide of traffic, closing down their shops and clearing off.

Not leaving, no. That would be too reasonable. The people of Night City found refuge at the edge of the plaza behind makeshift barriers or inside buildings, whereupon they promptly turned around to watch the show. Some of them even passed by within reach of him to call out advice and tell him who they were putting money on. The man working the record store had left the soundtrack playing, and the animalistic growling of some guitarist drunk off his gourd echoed to the corners of the night market.

All of that faded to the background. As cherry blossoms fell endlessly, a lone figure strode down the center of the market. He was shaking out a fist, massaging the fingers. A fast dissipating trail of dust spanned the length of the path, attesting to his actions. Within about a second, the man in the yellow jacket had accelerated away from the noodle stand, then raced back toward Jaune to punch him in the face with momentum akin to a speeding train, thus landing the first blow in their battle.

"Wait, hang on a bit. Timeout," Jaune rasped, holding up a hand.

Yellow Jacket cracked his knuckles. "How shameless can you be? If you really expect people to stop and wait for you in the game of life, then you're just inviting death. On that note…" He reached behind his back. "Die!"

At the same time that his opponent pulled out a revolver, Jaune summoned one for himself, mostly on instinct. The resulting shots traced parallel paths, slamming home in the chest of their targets.

Neither fell, though the impact rocked them. Yellow Jacket spat a mouthful of blood from the blow, a dent in his skin where the bullet struck. Meanwhile, Jaune gasped and clutched his stomach tighter.

"You have a sick sense of humor, Johnny, using my own gun to shoot me," the edgerunner gritted out.

"Kill me…" Jaune groaned, barely listening. Whose gun? He had bigger problems here.

"Working on it, pal. If you would just hold still, I promise this won't hurt a bit."

His answer to that was to raise the gun and let loose three more rounds, the revolver jerking to the side after each shot as it tried, without his input, to chase the figure diving behind a food stand. The gun then changed place with the shield of Crocea Mors, planted in the ground. As the edgerunner fired from cover to the rhythm of the music, Jaune curled into a ball of misery behind the barrier. Impacts rattled the shield, to the roaring approval of the spectators baying for blood.

A bottle of Antidote appeared from his Pocket, and he wasted no time guzzling down the concoction. A whispered thanks to its maker, Escha, shifted mid-sentence to horror as his condition failed to improve. He had been too late to cure what ailed him.

Not that he was poisoned, mind you. Lisa was, once again, wrong.

In the face of his gravest crisis to date, the monumental will for which Jaune Arc was known (as of a second ago… that he made up…) rose to the fore. Reason took the reins, informing him that he could run or he could fight, and if he was going to fight, then he had better end it fast. His issue seemed to be worsening with time.

The click of an empty chamber almost went unheard among the din, but Jaune noticed it and he made up his mind. He exploded out of cover, running with his shield up. In no time flat, he arrived at his opponent's hiding place.

Yellow Jacket had already evacuated a short distance away, fleeing from him while reloading his gun. Ducking around a corner, the edgerunner broke line of sight.

That did not last for long. [Third Arm] lashed onto a stall's metal scaffolding and yanked Jaune sideways, still upright. In a flash, he stood in front of his opponent.

Right on time for Yellow Jacket to hit him with a deep-fryer, boiling oil and all.

His eyes squeezed shut as the scalding-hot cooking oil engulfed him, a few hundred degrees directly on his skin. His screams rebounded off the glass ceiling, a blind animal's response to the abrupt shock of blistering pain. Gunshots boomed as he clutched his face, striking him in quick succession, flipping him end over end to crash against the concrete.

The Geo shield sprang up to catch the last few bullets. Rockets engaging, he blasted off the ground. Items from his Pocket appeared haphazardly as he grasped for anything to scrape off the burning oil, various objects slipping between his fingers in his unseeing distress.

A water bottle landed in his hand and he crushed it until it burst to drench him. The cold water broke through his state of panic, enough for him to summon a towel with a thought that he used to violently scrub at his skin.

A deafening blast, and a volley of metal pellets punched through the Geo shield, clipping him on the shoulder to spin him round and round. He tried to maintain control, but as ever it was a lost cause when the balance concentrated at his feet and the ground began to loom large. His careening frame smashed apart the sheet metal roof of a market stall, shelves breaking and food spilling to leave him sprawled out amid the wreckage.

"Auuugh, my stomach!" he cried.

Because somehow that entire chain of events caused him less suffering than whatever was messing with his insides. He felt so weak. Was he dying?

Eh, probably not.

In any case, that grew less relevant by the second. He did not enjoy pain, even worse when it threatened his life. That edgerunner was dangerous.

And if he had to kill a dangerous thing, then he should do it seriously.

Gritting his teeth, Jaune pushed the pieces of broken metal aside. Through the gaps between the wreckage, an eye-searingly yellow jacket stood out against the backdrop of Cherry Blossom Market.

The music of the future growled its guttural howls in his ear, angry and bitter.

He let it into his heart. Tonight, punching somebody in the face just felt right.



-o-
​


David felt like a king. Two fighters entered the ring, and in the end one stood tall: David Martinez, long may he reign.

Playing to the crowd, he shadow-boxed from atop the vending machine. Pop, pop, pop, a knockout blow, ladies and gentlemen. Spirits soaring higher than the sun, he unholstered his revolver and fired a round over the audience.

They loved it, cheering him harder than for any rockerboy. He was on top of the world.

His grin died with a whimper hearing the screech of metal on metal behind him. Cold sweat poured down his neck as money stopped exchanging hands within the crowd. Living in Night City, a person learned to heed the signs and read the wind better than any mystic soothsayer.

When the bets had not settled, it meant the fight was still on.

Johnny walked out of the broken market stall, expression haggard yet seemingly none the worse for wear beneath the dirt and stains. Between one stride and the next, a suit of armor sprang from nowhere to encase him from head to toe, a thing of shaped metal and crimson scales glistening in the lantern light. It belonged in a fantasy novel, or on the ancient fields of honor. A relic of an era that never was.

"What is it going to take to keep you down?" David cried, holding his head in disbelief. The people around him parted like the tide, none willing to get dragged into the fight.

The corpo did not reply. The forcefield appeared, shading his armor in gold. A guard put up to ward against the next Sandevistan-powered punch. The other boy had learned his lesson.

David unslung the shotgun stowed behind his back. One shot could reset the board, opening up a chance once again for his ace in the hole.

That armor, on the other hand, added a complication. He had watched it withstand a barrage from a dozen 6th Street goons, making it the equivalent of a forcefield in its own right.

Looked pretty heavy, though.

"Fuck NUSA, then, I guess. We do it like the nomads," David muttered. "Whoo…" he added in monotone, unable to muster the enthusiasm of earlier. Lifting his shotgun, he fired a round to reopen hostilities.

The bold challenge earned him hearty approval from his fans. Less so, when he hopped off the vending machine and darted into concealment. David ignored their jeers, ducking low as he focused on presenting an inconspicuous profile, a hard task for someone of his size.

He disliked the indirect approach, but only an idiot charged an armored tank straight on. The way to beat a tin can was to open it up and get at the soft meat inside.

His route traced a circuit around the corpo, weaving between the tables and stalls. Cyberoptic low-vision mode helped him avoid the glass bottles and metal objects strewn about the place that might give his position away, the footfalls further drowned out by the music playing from speakers somewhere.

Catchy tune. Chromatic rock wasn't his thing, but he kinda knew this particular song from hearing snippets here and there, and quietly sang along to the lyrics under his breath.

Now, if he was right—

A metal slug punched through the wall on his right, zip past his face, and continued on into the food stand located on the other side of the path. It struck the oven there, and lit the whole place up in an explosion. Flames engulfed the adjacent stalls, starting a wild blaze.

Frozen in his tracks, David's mouth hung open mid-squeak. Mutely, he brought up a hand to feel his nose, recalling the sensation of the fist-sized round brushing by, coming away with a bit of blood. That… had been much too close.

His heart thundered in his chest as he waited, guns at the ready, for the corpo to show. Another resounding boom caused him to flinch, until he realized that it had gone in the completely wrong direction. At that point, his eyes slid toward the hole left in the booth wall. Sneaking closer, he peered into it.

Past the booth, the one after that, and the one after that, he spied the corpo stalking back and forth with that massive lance of his carried on a shoulder, a lance that was apparently also a gun with how he would on occasion aim it and shoot off a round. The golden forcefield had faded, perhaps a measure to conserve the battery. His helmet, too, was gone to allow the corpo an unobstructed view as his gaze darted every which in search of David. The sickly pallor to his skin pointed to a steep decline in health over the past couple of minutes, heartening news that David wondered if he could exploit. It also revealed this creepy as fuck smile on his face, small and soft like the guy was out on a casual moonlit stroll instead of a fight for his life.

David much preferred the raging, raving lunatic types. He knew where he stood with them.

Tired eyes passed over his spot, moving on without a pause. Before he could breath a sigh of relief, they suddenly snapped back to meet his gaze. Johnny had found him.

The helmet popped into existence, obscuring the other boy's face. The corpo then vanished from view. Unbidden, David gripped his guns harder.

Johnny was coming here.

He wasted no time, bolting from the area to seek a better firing position. A dive took him over a counter, and he came back up with his shotgun braced on the flat surface. The muzzle swayed to cover likely avenues of approach, with David alert for the slightest movement.

He was not quite ready for his target to crash straight through the walls of a stall, bringing the structure down in a more subdued yet no less destructive explosion of debris and dust. His shotgun jerked as jumpy reflexes called the shots. The resulting spray of projectiles missed wide. Except, of all the luck, it clipped a spare fuel tank that a gonk left sitting next to their oven. Fire claimed the stall, and Johnny. David let out a cry, a mix of surprise and triumph.

Too early for celebration, it turned out. Johnny emerged from the fire, brushing soot off his shoulder.

"You've gotta be kidding me," said David, wide-eyed. "Are you a borg or something!?"

"Or something," Johnny rumbled, the helmet granting his voice an echoing quality. "To tell you the truth, I don't even know what a borg is." The corpo punctuated the lie with a wispy tendril that David stepped aside to evade, but it simply latched onto the market stall at his back. In a blink, Johnny and him stood in close quarters, the giant stick swinging down.

His first instinct screamed at him to activate the Sandevistan system. He put a pin in that. The Sandy was his ace, but had finite uses. Overstrain it and he would go down for the count, knocked out cold. Instead, the metal panels on his left arm shifted aside to make room for the Projectile Launch System to emerge, and he threw a hook that slammed the muzzle of the minicannon against the side of the lance. The shell in the chamber blasted the weapon off-target, the heavy chunk of metal pulverizing the ground next to David, whose lips twisted into a grin at the successful gambit—he hadn't been a hundred percent confident he would survive that.

He wasted no time, juking past the corpo. Darkness tried to wrap around his head, dispelled by a swipe with his fist. And just like that, he was home-free. Hit and run tactics might hurt his pride, but damned if they didn't work.

The pieces to the plan were floating in his mind, though not cohesive enough yet for his purposes. The punch backed by the Sandy made up the key step, having hurt the corpo more than anything else David had ever done. The frankly insane levels of defensive measures protecting Johnny presented the biggest problem. He had to wear those down before he could strike a decisive blow.

He just needed to stay alive until then, a thing easier said than done as the suit of heavy armor flew overhead to land in front of him, cracking the concrete floor with its weight. The sharp sword held in the corpo's grip convinced David of the wisdom in changing course, and he cut into the gap behind two rows of market stalls in order to escape. Hearing the clamoring din coming from inside the booths next to him, a distinct sense of worry grew.

Bam! A suit of armor pierced the wall right behind David, crashing into and through its opposite number.

Bam! The corpo returned from the other way. His fingers brushed the back of David's neck, who yelped.

Bam! This time, having overshot David, his foe ran ahead of him, scanning the empty space before his eyes with visible confusion. David pumped a shotgun blast into the back of his head, tossed the empty gun aside in lieu of the revolver to double- triple- quadruple-tapped him while he was on the ground, then beat feet when that gun clicked empty and the corpo started getting up.

Unarmed and chased by an undying monster. He really was in a movie. Unfortunately, they cast him in the wrong genre. Had he the choice, he would not have signed up for horror.

Breaking out into the open, he frantically searched for a Budget Arms weapon vending machine. The brand sold plastic junk masquerading as a gun, but this was a textbook case for why they had customers.

Lo and behold, one laid a mere few steps from him, ready and willing to arm anybody off the street.

David surged forward, only to have his foot pulled out from under him.

He hit the ground hard, though his armor plating rendered it harmless. What was less harmless was the grip Johnny had on him with his long, creepy tentacle. The previous attack must have angered him something fierce, because he practically vibrated in place.

"You're going nowhere. Get over here!" the corpo shouted, and the arm began to retract, dragging David with it.

David scrambled to grab onto the vending machine, missing by the barest of brushes. His fingers scraped long furrows in the concrete as he struggled against the unrelenting pull of the weaponized darkness.

Tears sprang to his eyes at how close he had been, how well he was doing this whole time. The vending machine grew further and further away, and with it went any hope he had.

Until the roar of a motorcycle engine cut through the night.

As David turned his gaze to the sky, the vehicle shot over the edge of the upper level above Cherry Blossom Market, gleaming in violet and gold. It flew down the staircase with its wheels spinning in the air, unbound by roads. On its back rode a vision of beauty, iridescent locks of hair floating in the breeze. From behind her, twin shotguns aimed Johnny's way, letting loose.

Lucy had arrived, with Rebecca in tow. They hit the ground running, tires screeching on the concrete. One hacking, one blasting.

He could face the whole world, for he had his crew.



-o-
​


A tear rolled down Jaune's cheek. He had been so close to ending it. Every passing second, he regretted not bailing from the fight in the first place. Pride and street cred did not count for much to a man on the brink of his sanity.

Rather than dodging, he allowed the shotgun pellets to knock him over. Frankly, it was easier that way. Each step he now took resisted him, his body a bundle of tensed-up nerves stiff as a board.

He didn't really want to die, though. Yet.

Backup had arrived for Yellow Jacket, and Jaune took their measure while crawling upright. The short one with arms like a gorilla—he was pretty sure they called her Rebecca—carried a lot of guns, and prior experience told him she was a deft hand with them. She had passed a stubby assault rifle to the big guy, so he could expect twice the firepower aimed his way.

The other woman went unarmed. A bare-knuckle brawler?

The woman's eyes briefly glowed, and a stovetop near Jaune bloomed into a fireball that knocked him off-balanced. Her allies used the chance to spray him with a barrage of bullets, the rounds plinking off the two shields he summoned to protect his body.

A witch. Got it.

"Bahaha! Hahahahaha!"

The one named Rebecca laughed like a maniac as she fired her guns, resisting Yellow Jacket's urging to find cover.

"Firefight on a Friday night, playing my fucking jam? Oh, Davey, you know me so well!" she shouted to be heard over the din by the man at her side. Her ghost-pale skin showed an outright blush, each pull of the trigger accompanied by a euphoric gasp. She saw this as the time of her life. "Hey, gonk!" She yelled to Jaune. "You gonna sit on your ass all day? Make this a little exciting, why dontcha?"

"I mean, if you insist…" Jaune said, unheard.

"Ahahahaha—oh, fuck!"

Time seemed to slow down as the trigger-happy maniac's expression morphed from a gleeful smile to open-mouthed surprise, diving to the side as [Third Arm] flung him across the intervening space. It quickly transformed to a look of focus, and she fired at his figure passing by. On his other side, Yellow Jacket held the second woman in his arms, turning to shield her with his body.

Jaune landed, rolled, whimpered at the flips his stomach was doing, then rushed at the edgerunners again. They scattered before him, hoping to surround and pin him down. He chased after the closest, Rebecca. His hand reached out, and Yellow Jacket jumped in between to head him off.

For such a big guy, the solo could move damn fast, but Jaune didn't mind, because he now had him right where he wanted him. He snapped out a punch, cracking him across the chin.

The metal he felt under the other boy's skin saved him from a shattered jaw. Yellow jacket rolled with the momentum, weaving his body in the manner of a boxer to regain his stance and launch a retaliatory blow. Jaune batted it aside, surprised yet again by just how heavy the arm was.

Cyberware messed with his judgment in little ways like that. Which person had enhanced endurance, and which would simply die from a light tap? Was so-and-so a strongman or a jumping kangaroo with a sword? It wreaked havoc in planning his approach to a battle, leading to mistakes that tended to get him a lot of wary side-eyes afterward.

Well, this case presented less of an issue now that he had clashed with him a few times. In many ways, fighting the solo was like fighting Ruby Rose. In other words, effectiveness was not conducive to victory.

…Okay, so, he never won against Ruby Rose, obviously. It was a working theory he had going into the Vytal Tournament that never saw the light of day. Anywho, the point stood. There might be stark differences in size, but at the core, their strengths and weaknesses shared common lines.

Up close, Jaune enjoyed the advantage, as evidenced by the one-two combo he just threw that had Yellow Jacket seeing stars. He added a knee for good measure, jumping to slam it into the other boy's chest and leaving him gasping for air.

Part of that turned out to be an act, and the solo attempted to retaliate in kind with an uppercut. The split second to brace himself meant that the fist failed to budge Jaune all that much, and he made the other boy pay for it with a gut punch that permanently dented his armored abs. Now, the solo gasped for air in truth, and at this range, his allies dared not shoot lest they hit their own side, granting Jaune impunity to continue beating the daylight out of him.

Throughout, he watched carefully, maintaining a steady rhythm that did not push his opponent too far. Yellow Jacket had to believe he stood a chance in this contest. That he could overcome the situation by punching back. Because…

Seeing his chance, Jaune shoved the edgerunner away to gain the space needed for his sword. He summoned it to hand, and without ceremony swung the blade to chop off Yellow Jacket's head, ending the battle once and for all.

The edgerunner's form blinked out of existence, an afterimage that had tricked Jaune's eyes. Immediately, he called on the Geo shield. It flickered on then broke apart, which told him enough. He did not even have the time to sigh before a megaton punch sent him rocketing across the night market, bouncing on the concrete like a pebble on a water's surface. The sheer force of it threw him clear to the edge of the plaza, stopping only when he slammed into the fleet of parked Tyger Claws motorcycles, to their owners' distraught wails.

Buried under the bikes, Jaune finished his sigh. He saw that coming.

Give the Ruby Rose type a moment to collect themselves, or even too big a spike in their sense of danger, and they would resort to their trump card. Superspeed pretty much turned a person into a teleporter, and he did so hate fighting teleporters.

And now the battle had shifted back to a long-range gunfight, where his 'marksmanship' had proven deficient as of late. One would think the ability to put a bullet where he aimed it was the entirety of the concept, but no. He swore to keep the next shipment of smart bullets his team came across, no matter how much they could sell them for.

He realized that he had a problem on his hand when the motorcycles around him began turning on one by one. More than that, their engines revved up to unholy levels of noise, the warning gauges beeping in alarm. It occurred to him that one of the edgerunners, the witch with her magical techno powers, had demonstrated not long ago with ample clarity what she could do with a machine.

The beeping grew louder. Jaune engaged his rocket boots and bugged out at top speed.

In his wake, Tyger Claws bemoaned the loss of their bikes, while everyone else in the audience celebrated another fireworks show. The force of the explosion knocked him out of the sky, and thereafter he sat on his butt to watch the pretty colors, distracted for a moment from the dark, eternal curse that was ripping him apart from the inside, the endless benighted torment for which there was no escape.

*gurgle*

Fuel ignited. Neon underglow lights burst, spraying fragments across the ground. Painted metal warp from intense heat, melting like ice. The motorcycles played out a drum roll with their detonations.

Technology sure was scary.

A niggling thought did the equivalent of jumping up and down, waving its arms. Jaune looked around him, taking in the booths stuffed full of kitchenware, used electronics, computer screens and so on.

Wasn't he… completely surrounded by technology right now?

The witch answered him by waking the night market. Lights blinked on and gas stoves hissed, absent of a human's guiding hand. TV screens flickered with the image of eyes, rolling in their sockets until they stopped on him.

He gave a nervous chuckle, and waved.

The chime of an incoming text defused his rising consternation. What good timing. Yellow Jacket thought his team would save him, but Jaune had friends of his own. With all haste, he withdrew his phone from his pocket.

Annoying Blonde N.8: ^._.^

Um, what?

"Meow!"

A mighty warcry pierced the air. From on high, The Meowsterious Cato Cat—nearly unrecognizable as Escha due to her mask—leapt into the battle, her entrance heralded by a string of curses from Rebecca as she received a faceful of wet cat, damp from the rain. The two went down in a tangle of limbs, falling out of view.

Not the foe he was worried about, but he would take it. Besides, that meant Lisa must be around here somewhere to help out.

Ding!

Annoying Blonde N.8: I told you so!

Yep. She was here.

Annoying Blonde N.8: You ate the local junk, didn't you?
You got food poisoning, silly man.
Annoying Blonde N.8: I told you so!

Jaune let out a resigned breath, and typed his response.

Sorry :Jaune​

A bullet shattered the ground by his side. Yellow Jacket had found him, no doubt pointed to him by the witch. He laid down a stream of gunfire, sending Jaune rolling into cover behind a vending machine. It had yet to start beeping or smoking, so he assumed it would remain safe for at least a few more seconds. The phone continued chiming in the meantime, clamoring for his attention.

Annoying Blonde N.8: lol
Annoying Blonde N.8: I could say a lot right now.
Annoying Blonde N.8: But I won't.
Annoying Blonde N.8: Don't have to.
Annoying Blonde N.8: lol

Stop laughing :Jaune​

The phone notified him of a call, and he picked it up. The first thing he heard, Lisa laughing at him. Because of course she was.

Then, more honestly, she asked, "Are you hurt?"

"They knocked me around a bit, but that was all. The food poisoning is worse," he reported with a small smile, suppressing a grimace. "The big one can hit hard when he activates that superspeed cyberware."

"It's called a Sandevistan, although he's using it oddly. The ones on the market don't function exactly the same according to videos. Also, does that mean he already used it?"

"That's right. Twice, maybe three times?"

"And that's, what, adding on top of the last four? Geeze, he shouldn't even be alive. People can activate it once or twice a day at most. It melts their brain if they try for more. Yeah, there's definitely something up with his cyberware, or with him. A supersoldier program, maybe. That'll make him either a deserter or an escaped lab rat. He has combat training. Has to be a deserter, then."

"Later, Lisa," he cut in before Lisa fell further into the throes of her rambling analysis. Fascinating as they may be, their importance to the situation at hand was rather questionable. "Give me something I can work with."

"That girl with the rainbow hair seems close to him. There could be something between them, methinks."

"I could have sworn we've had a talk before about hostages and puppies."

"This one is a combatant. She knows the score."

The vending machine his back was resting against began rattling and whirring on its own, the metal heating up.

"Fair enough. Still…" Jaune looped the phone strap around his neck and tucked it below his armor, then dashed out of hiding. Instantly, bullets flew at him, as if waiting for the exact moment the witch flushed him into the open. He brought up his shield to deflect the brunt of it as Lisa's voice chirped over the line.

"Oh, fine. Bait them out. I want to get a look at what I'm dealing with."

Cue him running through a minefield. Lisa did not seem to register what her request entailed, as the witch orchestrated a symphony of fire and shrapnel to stall his advance through the tight confines of the market stalls. Under the woman's direction, an innocuous cart delivered a payload in the form of a half-repaired washer straight to him, exploding as he vaulted over it. Ovens overloaded and went up in flames from the other side of walls, vaporizing the thin sheet metal in an attempt to catch him unaware. To his favor, the area lacked anything with the oomph to put the actual hurt on him, only allowing Yellow Jacket and the witch to stay a step ahead in this game of cat and mouse. The occasional flashes of white fur and ghost-pale skin amid the ever more derelict night market told him that the duel between their diminutive teammates was being spared the same treatment.

"I see them. Ooh, that big fella don't look so good."

"Yeah," Jaune gasped out. All this moving around was playing hell on him, but he was not going to admit that to Lisa. "Before you got here I gave him what for and beat him like a drum."

"Not what I mean, and you don't have room to talk. Try not to vomit, tough guy," she scoffed. "No, I think the Sandevistan is taking a toll on him. Some of his injuries won't make sense, otherwise."

His mind seized on that tidbit, and took off running. "If I bait him—"

"Into using it more—" Lisa jumped in, fighting to be the one voicing the plan.

Jaune finished, "He'll drop dead on his own!"

"Or fall unconscious. Let's not plot murder, yeah? Take the next right, he's to your two o'clock." Lisa then cursed. "We've got incoming drones. Police markings. The netrunner must have hacked into them… But when did she get the chance, and where…"

Wherever Lisa was hiding, she remained safe, devolving into mutters as the new complication descended on the Night Market. The boxy, darkly-painted objects streamed down the staircases in floating swarms, dozens of them converging to then head straight for Jaune, opening fire with in-built guns.

He summoned a random firearm from his stash, shooting with barely a glance over his shoulder. One, two, three, they fell out of the sky, and he could almost see the moment the netrunner gave them a new command. The drones performed a simultaneous jerky motion, then scattered apart, weaving patterns in the air to present harder targets. He tried taking them out anyway, meeting much less success, and the drones' return fire forced him into cover, harrying his steps as he blindly combed the night market for his foes.

"Left!"

The order came out of nowhere, but he followed it without thought. Lisa had been right, of course. His keen eyes spied the movements in the shadows, and he pounced.

"GOT… you?"

Angular, catlike eyes of red and yellow bore into him, vaguely pinging his memories. Knocked down, the woman laid below him on her elbows, her face close to his and their legs tangled together. She was rather tall, he noticed. Taller than him, even.

But she was not the big, buff man he was looking for.

"Sorry, wrong person," he said, and it dawned on him with growing horror that this woman might well have been trapped inside the night market due to his fight with Yellow Jacket.

Her answer was a soft "Ah!" as she winced at the tight grip he had on her upper arm, prompting him to release her with haste. His eyebrows furrowed at the electronic twang he heard in her voice, which drew his attention to a particular detail.

The woman wore a veil, one that had flipped aside during their collision. And beneath…

"S-Stop, don't look," the woman muttered, covering her mouth with a hand and averting her gaze.

Now it became Jaune's turn to wince, feeling like a heel. Beneath the veil was a broken and mangled mask. A gap in it revealed no lips or teeth, but a gaping hole, with metal lining the inside from the roof of her mouth to the bottom of her throat, cyberware replacement for a devastating injury.

"It isn't a bad thing," he said, although that was just him finding words to make her feel better. "Sorry, again. I didn't mean to get you caught up in this."

The woman sighed. "Yeah… I'm sorry, too."

A drone smacked him on the back of the head, throwing him over the woman to land on his back. By the time he got his bearing and looked up, she was already gone.

"Sandevistan just activated. I don't know what you did, but good job, Jaune!"

His mouth fell open.

"Wait a minute, I remember her! She's one of them!"



-o-
​


David exited the still world, ready to keel over. Lucy was watching, though, so he propped a hand against a shelf to hold himself upright, and swallowed the glob of blood in his mouth. Nothing he could do about the nosebleed but to gamely press on.

"It's okay, you're safe now, Kiwi," he said, smiling at his newly-rescued teammate.

Kiwi simply grunted, looking none too happy. But then, that was normal for her.

The two of them ducked low, joining Lucy behind the counter of an electronics repair shop, right under the nose of their opponent. Outside, fire raged, and David watched with envy as Johnny took to the sky, shedding his armor to fight the drones in their domain.

"Did…" He rubbed his eyes. "Did he just pull out a motorcycle?"

Kiwi rapped the side of her head with her knuckles, as if that would reset her cyberoptics. Lucy, meanwhile, dropped a fist onto her palm.

"So that's why the signal for a bunch of them disappeared!"

The heavy motorcycle fell, crushing the drones flying beneath before Lucy's previous command detonated it to wipe out a few more. Johnny rode the blast, flinging himself into a group of drones, swinging that sword of his to cut them apart.

David cursed. "He's going through them fast. Do we have more?"

"Nope," said Kiwi. "Also, Falco couldn't lose our tail, so NCPD will be on us in about two minutes."

"What, why?" Lucy asked. She then facepalmed. "Because you didn't hide your tracks when stealing the drones."

Kiwi shrugged at her. "You ran out the doors with the keys to my bike, saying, and I quote, 'Hurry up and bring everything, my hubby is in trouble!' So I hurried."

"I didn't say that last part... but thank you." Lucy hid her embarrassment by seizing control of a drone, overloading it before sending it careening into the corpo.

Kiwi looked around. "Where's Rebecca?"

A computer screen flickered on, courtesy of Lucy. It connected to a camera sitting over the night market, zoomed in on a short girl with twintails rolling on the ground while hugging a very grumpy cat. On her face, a bright and innocent smile.

Not the epic showdown he expected.

"She seems fine, aaaand video saved," Lucy said. "Anyway, let's worry about ourselves. Time to delta?"

David shook his head, and got up on a knee. "No. He's weakened, I can tell. See how he keeps messing up?" He pointed at the aerial battle, where a mistimed dodge led to a collision between Johnny and a drone. A mistake that could happen to anyone, except David knew for a fact that the corpo was better than that. "Everything we did has added up. I need to hit him now, and put him down for good."

"You're not in a state to say that," Lucy replied. It killed him to hear the hopeless note in her voice, like she didn't believe in him, but then she jumped to her feet, and the wild grin on her face told him that she would stand with him all the way. "Kiwi, I'm borrowing your drones. Gonna soften him up." Her eyes flashed red, and under her command, the police drones fell into a frenzy, bombarding the corpo with suicidal abandon. "David, he's coming down. You—"

"Already ahead of you," David said, and he stepped into the still world where no sound existed.

He loved it here. The quiet. The dark. The unmoving people. It was lonely, but a good sort of lonely, and in this time between the moments, there was no pain. The world waited for him with the patience of a mother.

His route traced the edge of the plaza, then cut into the path that Johnny was on. Upside-down and locked in combat with the drones a mere few feet off the ground, the other boy made for easy pickings. David pushed at his chrome to eke out a little more momentum. He wanted this to hurt.

Thirty steps. Twenty. Ten. Five—Are those eddies on the ground?

What drove him to stop and pick up the money bills, he would continue to ask until his last days. They were already in his hands before he thought about it, and he only realized the mistake once the colors around him began to bleed at the edges. Pain returned, tearing at him from every direction as the damage to his muscles caught up from behind. Time was up.

The first thing that happened upon David returning to normal speed, was Johnny cracking a smile.

The second thing? Shadows grabbing him, as the smile turned cold.

"Get baited, idiot!" Johnny shouted, and yanked David forward. Their foreheads collided, flesh to metal, hard enough that David thought he felt a shockwave around them. His vision dimmed for a second, the Kiroshi cyberoptics stuttering, and he dropped like a sack of scop with Johnny hitting the concrete beside him.

They both held their heads and rolled on the ground, oddly in sync. Once David had blinked the stars out of his eyes, he surged to his feet to find Johnny doing the same. With not a moment to waste, he swung his fist.

The reinforced knuckles of his Gorilla Arms smashed against a golden shield, while Johnny's fist punched past the barrier like it was never there, connecting with David's nose. A sharp crack, and it gave way under the blow.

Johnny threw a follow-up punch to capitalize on the momentum, but strong as he was, his technique left a lot to be desired. David traced its path and diverted it aside, directing the arm between them to leave Johnny's entire side open. A quick three-shot combo had the corpo doubling over for David to aim a soccer kick at his face.

Bonk!

"Jesus!" David hissed through his teeth, clutching the foot that had just bounced off Johnny's chin without even budging him. Hell, the kick might have done more damage to his foot than it did that smarmy face.

Recovered, Johnny rushed at him, a bright glow leaving his eyes. An implacable arm seized David by the jacket to swing him with the ease of a child's toy, slamming him against ground with enough force that he bounced. A stomp to his chest drove David back down, another crashing into his face to make him stay down.

A brief lull ensued, the two of them breathing hard. The shoe sitting on his face ground against his skin, and past it he met the blue-eyed glare of the corpo… which, if he was being honest, failed to look all that intimidating.

"You give up yet?" his opponent asked, sounding stressed.

His jaw clenched, frustration building. He didn't want to admit it, but the winner of this bare-knuckle brawl had been decided.

So, clearly, he was left with no choice but to whip out the revolver tucked inside his jacket and unload a round right to Johnny's balls.

A shrill cry pierced the night.

Johnny fell, tears streaming from his eyes. David, meanwhile, climbed to his feet at an unhurried pace and leveled his revolver at the corpo.

"You cheater!" Johnny gasped, curling into a ball.

"We were playing by rules?" David asked blithely.

In Night City, one objective mattered: living to see the morning. Beyond that, anything goes.

He would not die here. Not due to him deciding on a whim to go out for a damn bowl of ramen.

That thought spurred him to pull the trigger, and a bullet slammed into the side of Johnny's head.

Johnny outright laughed. "...Have to do better than that…"

David obliged him, taking aim at his chest now.

A sliver of light pierced his revolver, going in one side and out the other. He had barely registered it when the projectile exploded with electricity.

A scream tore from his throat as his arm went haywire, the connected nerves set afire. His fingers spasmed, twisting in a psychedelic dance without his control, the revolver dropping to hit the concrete. The Projectile Launch System activated on its own, the metal panels glitching out to repeatedly open and shut, catching on the cannon.

And then Johnny kicked him in the balls.

David spat a mouthful of blood, and dropped to his knees. As he laid in a heap, he saw through the tears Johnny getting up. The other boy spoke to the empty air, likely on a holocall, for whatever reason not leaving it as thoughts.

"Lisa, nice timing. Was that—hey, Fischl, thanks for the save. How did you know we were here?"

Fischl, Fischl. The name echoed in his mind. He had heard it before.

"Well, I'm glad you were passing by, then. The cops are coming? Right, I'll be there in a bit."

David frowned. He was hearing the other side of the conversation, if faintly. Were they… using phones?

"What, no, I wasn't planning to kill him. Why would you say that? He's a what? Okay, okay, fine, I'm going."

Johnny sounded very guilty, to David's ears. The corpo shifted on his heels, and in the direction he faced, a number of figures were waving to him from the top of a staircase. David squinted his eyes, striving to make them out over the distance.

A cold pit opened in his stomach.

No.

He should have known. He should have smelled the trap a mile off. There was even a moment where he noticed the dead giveaway, that specific biosculpting process that gave them their unnaturally natural looks.

Fischl, Bennett, Hu Tao. Those tourists he met in the Afterlife… were working with the enemy.

That motherfucker Johnny had been playing him all night long.


Author's Notes: Jaune Arc, master tactician!

Honestly, eel is the best. Salmon and tuna can only fight for second place.

Recipe - Night City sushi
Ingredients: Prepackaged nigiri sushi
Steps:
1. Open package
2. Separate the fish from the rice
3. Store in different containers, keep chilled
4. Before serving, put the fish back on the rice
5. Charge a premium

Tired. Editing tomorrow.
Stories:
QQ Sneaking His Way into the Multiverse , a RWBY Jaune, WC-lite mechanics story.
Other RWBY stories on AO3 or FF - Yakuza Arc | Conquered Menagerie: Annals of the Sixth Kingdom | Cat, Bunny, and the Good Ship Honey Starbright | The Agent
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:m213, Amdiranifani, Amrynel and 447 others
LazyAutumnMoon
Mar 7, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 74: Just Another Night City Day Off
View content
LazyAutumnMoon
LazyAutumnMoon
We all need Sundancer in our life.
JoinedJun 7, 2024
Messages289
Likes received68,284
Mar 14, 2026
Add bookmark
#6,244

Chapter 74: Just Another Night City Day Off
​


Jaune's day began with a quiet morning.

"Bleeeeeeegh!"

As quiet as a person experiencing a case of food poisoning could manage, at any rate. With his face directed over a toilet bowl, the boy who had earned himself the title of Valkyria, the Hunter of the Deviljho, a full-fledged Huntsman (of the Axel Branch Adventurer Guild and, yes, he was cheating and, no, Ozpin could pry the job off his cold dead corpse) shook like a leaf in the wind, his expression a drawn and haggard thing parched for water. Night City cuisine had claimed another victim.

"Looks like that's it for now," Lisa declared in an all too chipper voice, muffled behind the gas mask she bought. Dramatic, but Jaune was in no position to complain about it since she had a hold of him and could decide to drop him at any point. "Ready, Bennett?"

"Yes, boss lady!"

"It's Lisa. Lisaaaa," the girl corrected, faintly chuckling. "We're all friends here."

Bennett nodded. "Got it, boss Lisa."

"Better."

So it wasn't the 'boss' part she objected to.

Together, the two of them hoisted him upright and helped him walk out of the bathroom. The worst of his illness passed a few hours back, but a few minor symptoms persisted, among them a dizzy spell whenever he walked and a bit of weakness barely worth mentioning. He did not, and still did not, believe it affected him to any great degree, but his explanation of that obvious fact had been rather undercut by him stumbling and banging his head against the wall the last time they let go. Now, firm grips guided him across a tiled floor to the long couch where Escha just finished arranging pillows for him to lie on.

The felyne waved to them while looking very proud, and she climbed on the backrest as they approached. The quiet giggles she hid beneath her paws told him she found all of this quite amusing, another silly human thing that the felyne physique apparently bypassed altogether. Or maybe this was what happened when a person ate dinosaur meat chock-full of bioenergy from day one, that it granted them bellies of iron.

For her mockery, Jaune laid a curse upon her. May your tummy ache from too much ice cream.

Past the oblivious cat, soothing daylight streamed into the room from a bright, cloudy sky to denote the late morning. After the events of last night, which from the tale his companions told included more than just his misadventure, none of them objected to taking it easy today. On the balcony, Fischl reclined on a chaise lounge while reading a book she brought from their previous world, with Oz perched on her shoulder and following along. Something, something Philosopher's Stone. Inside, Hu Tao had taken over a corner of the room for her arts and crafts project. Stacks of freshly bought wooden planks leaned against the wall, awaiting her delicate touch. Hearing the grave news that he was suffering in poor health had lit a fire in her, albeit not in a direction he enjoyed.

Lisa settled him on the couch, handing him a glass of water that he sipped at, and after fixing the pillow under his head she plonked herself down beside it to join him in watching the news. They passed the time chitchatting about inconsequential matters, to the sound of a saw cutting into wood.

In a testament to the hectic nature of Night City, his actions warranted merely a small mention tucked among a rapid-fire list of events that the news anchor touched on.

"Our Japantown correspondent reported of a rampage past midnight in Cherry Blossom Market, where rowdy street gangs once again gave in to their destructive impulses. The event in question, of which we can only speculate involved the use of brandless drugs, caused devastation to the livelihood of honest Night City citizens. Remember, viewers: say no to drugs if you never saw it on a billboard."

The news anchor shook his head as if to lament the sheer inhumanity of it all, before moving on.

"In other news, efforts to curb the unlicensed use of public city spaces within Japantown in anticipation of the upcoming Aratama-Matsuri Festival is continuing at scheduled pace. Organizers from Arasaka Corporation have assured our station that those refusing to comply with the city ordinance may instead deal with the full force of NCPD ordnance." The man chuckled at his own joke. "I don't know about you folks at home, but I will certainly appreciate the improved view at the dashi parade!"

"I hadn't even thought about that…" Jaune muttered dully, as the TV flickered to the next segment.

Lisa turned to him, half-listening. "Hmm?"

"I did a number on that night market. Nah, scratch that, I reduced it to scraps."

"Given the garbage they pass off as food, I'm confident the people of Night City will send you a thank you note."

"Maybe," he said, giving a small, humorless laugh that died quick, "but the workers there were making their living from it. Doesn't that mean I ruined them, like the news reported?"

On the other end of the L-shape couch, Bennett grimaced. "Well…"

Lisa cleared her throat, cutting the boy off.

"I wouldn't trust the news here, if I were you." She indicated the TV with a derisive air. "That thing? That endless stream of contradictory nonsense wrapped up in a pearly smile? They said it because their sponsor wanted them to, because violent thugs in the street means that you can stomp down harder for a stupid parade."

Was that the aim? He would love to believe so, that it was all theater. It made for a convenient narrative.

He fidgeted, uncomfortable with that thought. "It doesn't change the situation on the ground, though, I feel. Most of the place was on fire when we left." His gaze drifted over to the construction material he bought upon Hu Tao's request. They came cheap, costing him a few guns in exchange. "Lisa, let's say we—"

"Ah, ah, ah." Lisa pushed him deeper into the sofa, a finger pressed to his lips to nix the idea. "You're not thinking straight. Bad things happen in life, people deal. Those shops will be back up and running in no time. As for fault, people would tell you the other guy holds more responsibility for it ending up this way, and look how he and his crew ran from the cops."

"So did we."

"Uh-huh, and nobody batted an eye—police, solo, or bystander. That's just how it is in these parts. And on that note, do you want to know what I found out about your buddy?"

Jaune opened his mouth to reply, then stopped and thought it over before speaking a word. Seeing no point in arguing, he said, "Yeah, sure. Let's hear it." I'll drop by Cherry Blossom Market on my own time.

Lisa squinted at him in suspicion, to which he showed his most cherubic smile.

Without breaking eye contact, Lisa held out a hand, gesturing for Escha to fetch her the data tablet lying on the table. Once the cat passed it over, she manipulated the screen and connected it wirelessly to the TV. The news report cut out, replaced by a picture. A headshot of a grouchy teenager wearing what looked like a school uniform. Younger than the version Jaune clashed with yesterday, the boy's face and neck lacked the heavy markings of implanted cyberware that he presumably acquired later on.

"Meet David Martinez," Lisa announced. Her fingers danced on the tablet, pulling other text boxes into view. "Age: eighteen. Arasaka Academy dropout. Parents missing, or deceased." The sound of sawing and hammering stopped, with Hu Tao soon appearing from behind the couch for a look at the screen, seeming pensive. "Honestly, it was a bitch to get anything usable on him. There were these compilation videos about both the fights you had with him last night, but they were gone by morning. I think somebody has been running interference, purging sightings of him as far back as when he first got into the business, which fits with my theory that he's a deserter from a super soldier program—never mind, not important right now. He has a reputation as Night City's best mercenary, or edgerunner or whatever, for those tapped into that scene. Pretty much the guy to hire to deal with your problems."

Jaune frowned, and tried to sit up so he could get a better look at the files. His attempt was stymied by Lisa depositing Escha on his chest. The felyne played her role, purring and demanding scritches to thus neutralize him.

As he cuddled the world's fluffiest pillow, Jaune replied to Lisa, "He's a big deal, then. I get that part. But why is he coming after us?"

"Revenge for the first job? Somebody hired him? He doesn't like the cut of your jib?" Lisa spread her hands apart, shaking her head. "The possibilities are a mile long. My best read of it is that he has a personal problem with you for beating him to a pulp. To somebody at the top of the game, having that kind of threat roaming in the same territory makes for a dicey situation."

"He thinks I'm aiming to replace him," Jaune said, a story coming together.

"Even more so when you realize that putting a bullet in him is a valid method to gain his title. Everybody would see it as a sign of skill."

A kill or be killed environment where the ladder was other people. It sounded plausible enough to him, even if the reason fell short of gaining his sympathy. He had different aims than playing the local game of politics.

As the faces of David Martinez's known associates appeared on the screen, Bennett reacted by dropping his head into his hands. Behind the couch, Hu Tao pinched the bridge of her nose, sighing.

"Are they…" Jaune ventured.

Hu Tao nodded, her soft giggles sounding like wind chimes. "A yes on every count. Life certainly has a sense of humor, don't you agree?"

"Do you see me laughing?" Lisa asked, tone sugary sweet. Hu Tao returned it with a carefree shrug, and the two girls held each other's gazes.

His friends had mentioned running into this group of edgerunners prior to his fight with them, at a place called the Afterlife. In fact, they had been on their way back from there when they overheard the commotion. Imagine their surprise as they found those same people trying to kill him.

Fischl claimed they did not treat her badly, and might be good people. Jaune believed he would be reserving judgment on that, considering the litany of evidence to the contrary.

Among the pictures on the screen, one displayed a simple question mark as a placeholder, connected to a list of details Lisa had jotted down (rainbow hair, 5'7, female in the 20s, etc.) to identify the person. The name underneath the picture labeled the woman as 'Lucy(?)'. Lisa's findings on the others were more complete to varying degrees, clear faces with deeds to their names. The team's getaway driver, Falco. The solo, Rebecca. The netrunner, Kiwi.

"Huh." Jaune squinted, scrutinizing the photo. "Her name is Kiwi, like the fruit. That's oddly adorable."

Lisa snorted. "Yeah, for an amoral nutjob. Their work ran the spectrum from snatch and grabs to rescues to murder for hire. They're not choosy."

Technically speaking, he had done all of those things at one point or another. Jaune mulled on that disturbing reality as Lisa played through various recordings she managed to dig up on the crew, often blurry and captured from far away. Crazy car chases on the highway cut to explosions that rocked buildings and obliterated vehicles, interspersed with split second shots of the aftermath of their handiwork that had Escha and Bennett turning green.

"He takes on jobs throughout the city, with a slight bent against Arasaka that may be a sign of deeper prejudice," Lisa explained. "His rep means he usually nets the most lucrative contracts, on the highest-value targets."

The waggling eyebrows got her point across.

"The jobs we want," he guessed. "The fun ones involving rare tech and whatnot."

Lisa snickered, and leaned down close to put them eye to eye. The blonde locks of her hair fell in a curtain that brushed his jaw.

She whispered, as if to put a secret in his ear, "Not just that. They're also the ones Wakako is giving us, because the deal we cut with her is too good for her to pass up by hiring Martinez and his team. Which gives the fixer on the opposite side of the job an opportunity to retain his services."

Thus putting them almost inevitably on a collision course.

"I should expect to meet him again, then," Jaune concluded, turning to look up at the ceiling. A little smile slipped onto his face against his will. "Good. I owe him for the pot of boiling oil."

"This is such a mess," Bennett said, face still buried in hands.

"I don't even get what's happening," Escha confessed, eyes swirling.

Listening to their complaints, Jaune waved a hand at the information brief on the screen. "We'll work on it. There's no need to go through this in one sitting." He looked up at Lisa. "Which reminds me, what's the plan for today? I'm not exactly keen on hanging around here all afternoon, but we can if you like."

Lips pursed, Lisa weighed his suggestion. Eventually, the silence developed into quiet mutters under her breath. Interest piqued, he craned his ear to listen in.

"...Today's a good day… I can feel it…"

"What are you up to, now?" he interjected.

Lisa grinned at him.

Let's go chip in!"



-o-
​


Lisa Wilbourn POV

"Bleeeeeeegh!"



-o-
​

Jaune Arc POV

Lisa grinned at him.

"Let's go shopping!"

"Are we just going to ignore what happened?"

"Yes. Yes, we are."

"How about no? Lisa, I'm kind of worried here. You may be sicker than I am." He went to check her for a fever, but she smacked his hand away. They cut two sorry figures, leaning on each other for support as they walked down the street.

"I'm fine," she insisted, despite her pale complexion. "It's nothing that the call to the police didn't fix. Make a note, Jaune. We gotta scope out these ripperdocs better before we agree to go under the knife."

He rolled his eyes. "You made it five steps into the operating room, you didn't come close to a knife. What did the guy do, anyway? You never said."

"The cyberware parts he had on the shelves were ripped straight out of people, and not gently. I could almost hear the victims screaming with how some of the cuts were made. Seriously, the creep needed to see the inside of a jail cell. Blech."

That sentiment was shared among their entire group, whether human, cat, or bird.

A couple of steps later, it struck him. "Hang on a minute, did you just catch a serial killer?"

"Without even trying. Some days I wake up and think my power is a curse, but then I remember I'm fucking Sherlock Holmes." Lisa sighed. "And I deserve something for the trouble. C'mon, you're not getting out of it this time. The future called, and it wants you in neokitsch."

They departed, leaving colorful Japantown for the towers of steel and corridors of smooth glass found in its more upscale neighbor. The journey took longer on foot, but they were in no rush that they needed a taxi. It gave everybody the chance to see the sights, for good or ill.

Upscale meant shiny. It did not wholly translate to safe. Scammers elevated their game from junk to art, doing their hardest to bump into their group while carrying expensive-looking vases or paintings. Bennett caught the lion's share of that mess, a magnet for the sharks to the point that it resembled a comedy act.

The clean streets also played host to a wealthier class of kidnappers, in that they wore suits as they tried to lure Fischl away. She could be a model, they promised. Maybe even a singer, the next big star. They would not take no for an answer. Lisa read their intentions clear as day, and broken bodies soon decorated the alleyways along the group's route. Combining Fischl and Escha, the number of abduction attempts clocked in at half a dozen, and counting.

In between the mishaps, black sedans roared down the street with horns blaring, their passengers pumping bullets into the armored sides. A businessman dressed sharply in gray used a briefcase handcuffed to his wrist as a bludgeon to deck a thief in the face. Solos escaped from an office building, beaten back by gun-toting employees. Something was broken in Night City, and Jaune did not have a clue how to fix it.

The clothing store Lisa marked on the map took them high above the ground, forty floors up and across one of the many skyways connecting the buildings together. Jaune was not the only one with his face smushed to the glass walls, taking in the view. The distance put things in perspective. To those living at this height, the happenings down there must seem so very small, while the floors above loomed impossibly high.

"The money dries up before it can trickle down," Lisa explained without explaining. A turn at the end of the bridge, and she led the way into the shop.

The place screamed class, with white marble floors and a fancy chandelier. Mannequins posed on staged daises took up most of the space; divans and champagne glasses to accompany the gold dresses, or posters of fast bikes to go with the meticulously-designed streetwear. Store clerks roamed their hunting ground, stalking the customers from behind the displays and forming veritable packs around the wealthiest of them.

The person stationed at the entrance took one look at their group, and seemed torn on whether to welcome them or kick them to the curb. His eyes flicked from one face to another, then darted to their outfits, notably the jeans and t-shirt Jaune wore under his jacket. The cat squatting on the floor threw an additional wrench into his thought process. The man settled for a plastic smile.

"Credit check or deposit?" he asked, unable to hide a mystified tone.

Lisa replied without missing a beat. "Deposit, please."

She fished out a fat stack of eddies from her purse, slapping it on the counter and smirking as the store clerk changed his tune in a flash. The employee now sported a face bright and eager, fawning over them as if to skirt over the previous attitude. In his view, they had proven they belonged here.

Since Lisa had a better handle on this kind of social niceties, Jaune left it to her and turned to the others.

"Okay, all. Lisa's buying, so go pick out whatever you like." He panned his gaze over the store, then grimaced. Too rich for him. Anxiety rising. "If you need me, I'll be in that corner."

"No, boss!" Bennett chased after him. "Help me, I don't know what to do here!"

Together, they—plus a likewise flustered Fischl—beat a hasty retreat to a small, deserted section of the store. This was where the mannequins and the fancy custom-order outfits they advertised gave way to sensible clothing racks. The softer prices soothed his soul, as did the vivid colors. Let Lisa have her fun with the silks and gold-lined fineries. He appreciated more the brightly, almost Huntsman-esque aesthetic that he so often saw on the Night City streets. The style was something called kitsch, and he had to say, he liked it. Clothes that made people feel happy just wearing them, quirky and very 'you'.

"What do you think?" he asked the others after pulling a jacket off the rack. Neon orange. Mmmm.

Bennett shaded his eyes from the bright glare it gave off. "Isn't it a little… much? If you wear that in the wilderness, monsters will spot you from across the forest."

Not the response he wanted. He sought praise elsewhere, looking to Fischl who gave him a theatrical sigh.

"What are colors, but a reflection of—I hate it."

"She hates it," the bird on her shoulder helpfully interpreted.

"N-No, wait," said Fischl, cheeks reddening. "Pardon me, for I misspoke. Ahem." Sweeping out an arm, she intoned, "What are colors, but a reflection of our soul. The crimson red of a heart filled with passion. The blue of calm waters upon the sea. The orange…" Her eye drifted up and to the side, the girl thinking hard. "Um, of the fruit…"

Jaune deadpanned, "You got nothing."

"No," Fischl admitted.

"Okay, I can take a hint, I'll put it back. The design isn't bad, though. I like the high collar. Help me find more of that."

Shades of blue earned him better reactions, with Fischl describing how it brought out his eyes. The plasticky synthetic material of the jacket did not quite agree with him, however, hurting the full range of movements. Bennett was less choosy about it and discovered a cool number in red that he asked if he could buy, intending to take a knife to the shoulder seams to separate the sleeves and solve the movement issue.

A passing store clerk made strangling motions with her hands upon overhearing that.

The two younger teens grew more comfortable as time went on, branching out to browse the items on display without his prompting. A style centered around clashing colors meant that every combination was viable to one degree or another, and they had a good laugh at some of the outfits they came up with. A small stack of clothes formed between the three of them.

Unfortunately, Lisa found his choice in ensembles displeasing and dragged him empty-handed away from that corner.

He resisted, she doubled down. They settled on a compromise. A little more upscale than he preferred, a little less gaudy than she wanted to dress him in.

Leaving the fitting room, Jaune hunched in on himself, ready for the judging gazes. One of his hands fiddled with the tie around his neck, while the other he shoved into his pocket. The white suit was far from his usual look, classy in a way he was not.

"I feel like I'm supposed to hold a tray and serve drinks," he said, adjusting the waistcoat. "Or go north."

White on white on white. Was he a Schnee?

Receiving no answer, he looked up from the suit.

"Lisa?"

"Fuuuuu—" was the best Lisa could manage.

"...This do it for you?"

She nodded, biting her lip. With an emphatic gesture, she urged him to give her a spin, a giddy laugh escaping her as he obliged the request. Jaune stood a little taller afterward.

"Still not my thing, but…" He performed a stretch to test out the range of motion. "It's not bad. Very light." His elbows pulled back behind his chest. "Yeah, I can see myself fighting in this if I really need to."

"Trust me, fighting isn't what I have in mind." Lisa walked around him, humming in appreciation. Past her, Escha mimed gagging from her spot on a chair. Unaware, Lisa stepped back and formed a rectangle with her fingers like a camera. "It's still missing something, though. Maybe a pair of glasses?"

"Contrast," Hu Tao suggested, popping her head around him to make him jump. The girl had been in one of the fitting rooms without him knowing.

As he spun around, he looked her up and down to take in the clothes she tried on. Given her preference for her usual funerary wear, he had somehow expected more of the same. Muted colors, period style, that sort of stuff.

"Sooo?" Hu Tao asked, posing with her arms wide.

What he did not anticipate was a trendy modern day girl dressed in a palette of lavender pastel, which shimmered as she turned this way and that to show him the outfit from all angles. The loose-fitting windbreaker emphasized her carefree charm, held up by the sleeves and her arms while the shoulders fell aside to reveal bare skin. Underneath, she wore a tight halter top in white.

"Cheap and classless," Lisa replied.

"Wonderful," Jaune said. "It suits you."

The two of them looked at each other.

"You have literally no taste."

"What do you mean? She looks fine!"

Hu Tao chuckled, appearing pleased by the compliment. "I'll take it, then. As for yourself, wait here. I have just the thing. All that white is making you resemble a ghost!"

She moved past him to search the nearby racks, returning with a business jacket.

"In my line of work, you have to have a sense for dressing up a client. And you, need balance. Try adding this." She passed him the jacket, and he slipped it on. A hardy number in black, it carried an odd militaristic bent with stiff weave and padding. Bullet-resistant, the card above the rack touted, for the corpo walking into a trade deal ambush.

Office work was a lot more exciting than he gave it credit for. Then again, that might just be a Night City special.

When he went to show it off, Lisa immediately scoffed.

"What is this yin-yang crap?" she asked Hu Tao. "I was aiming for elegance, and now you've turned him into a thug with airs of pretension. That jacket makes him look way too rough." She rubbed his arm, shaking her head as her fingers brushed against the tough fabric. "Rugged. Dangerous. Like he could turn violent at any second. Seriously, black leather? Are we in the 50's?"

"Man, maybe I do have bad taste because I actually liked this," Jaune said, morose. He checked over himself. "Sorry, Hu Tao, but Lisa is the one who grew up on Earth. She'd understand their fashion better than we do, so I guess this is no good."

Lisa raised a finger. "Now I didn't say that."

"Come again?"

She ignored him in favor of Hu Tao. "Let's talk accessories. I'm thinking sunglasses. Do you know what those are?"

"Yes, but…" Hu Tao held her chin. "What about gloves, instead? Ooh! What if we change the shirt underneath to—"

"Black? Okay, I'm pretty sure I have your number now. And yeah, I see it. It didn't work with the white before since that would have made him look like a penguin, but if we're pushing ahead with the two-tone motif…"

"Exactly! As for the sunglasses, I am eyeing a pair for myself. We can all go together and pick one out for him too, just to see."

Memories of a hundred other shopping trips flashed before his eyes, and Jaune foresaw the future that was shaping up. His mindset slowly shifted over to the proper one for the occasion, relaxing all thoughts and moving on autopilot.

Hours later, after the younger members of the team escaped to explore the rest of this floor, he still remained in the store. Lisa and Hu Tao had long left the game of dressing him for his funeral behind to pick out clothes for each other, treating him to a feast for the eyes. The styles of the future could get very, very, very skimpy.

He suspected that Lisa at a certain point had been trying to mess with Hu Tao for her own amusement. Except, the other girl undercut it by never refusing the clothes offered, then inadvertently turned the table by assuming Lisa herself preferred this type of fashion. In the end, the continual escalation resulted in them having to discard the bulk of it in lieu of more reasonable attire.

Sadness.

Hu Tao had a preference for the vivid shades of kitsch, but also sprung for a black suit that she deemed perfect for a funeral director. Lisa, on the other hand, went all in for that neokitsch stuff. Gold on white, and elegant cuts. Cocktail dresses. It cleaned out her fund of eddies, and dipped far into his share. She was beaming by the time they left the store.

Only for her to drag him into the one right next door.

"It'll be quick, I promise," she claimed. "You know how my costume has been getting a little tight from our training exercises?"

"Really? I haven't noticed," Jaune said in his best oblivious tone.

"Yes, you fucking did."

"...A fair cop."

She nudged him with her elbow, feigning anger. "Anyway, I'm looking to get it updated and lucky for me, this world has what I need."

The store clerk accepted them easily this time around, their shopping bags emblazoned with the neighbor's name serving as proof that they owned sufficient funds to be treated as customers rather than the riff-raffs they appear. That did not stop her from asking for a deposit, of course.

A glance around the store, and Jaune understood Lisa's meaning. The mannequins in this place eschewed conventional clothing, decked out instead in bodysuits. From that simple base, they showcased a multitude of different designs. Some were sleek latex, others of softer weave or bulky like armor. Artsy patterns and glowing lines featured prominently, adding flair.

"Say hello to netrunner fashion," Lisa grandly declared.

The store clerk coughed. "Style."

Lisa turned to her.

"What was that?"

"Sorry, but corporate requires us to make the distinction," The clerk explained. "This is netrunner-style fashion."

"Aaaand what's the difference?" Lisa asked.

"In practice? Nothing," admitted the clerk. "Netrunners just get weird about it and hack us if we advertise to people that this is the same stuff they wear. Says it's inauthentic."

Lisa pondered that for a second, then shrugged. "Works for me. Do you take custom orders?"

Custom orders was all they did. Bodysuits necessitated the practice, as they called for exacting dimensions on materials that did not always stretch. Lisa had to stand before a scanner to let it measure her figure.

"No cyberware?" The clerk blurted out in the middle of the process, reading from her datapad.

He and Lisa narrowed their eyes at her, with Hu Tao following suit a beat later so as not to be left out. The woman had neglected to mention the extent of the scan's intrusiveness.

"Quality cyberware," Lisa countered, a nonsense answer that the clerk seemed to accept with relief. Jaune supposed that it fit better with her worldview.

After the measurements were recorded, the clerk created a 3D mockup of Lisa on a holographic projector. An action that left Lisa flabbergasted, as the model did not come with clothes.

"Jaune—"

"Too late. A month too late."

"Oh, yeah."

Hu Tao turned to stare up at him, blinking slowly. He refused to elaborate.

Nevertheless, Lisa ordered the clerk to simulate a bodysuit on the model before they moved on. The clerk complied, then launched into a sales pitch that sounded beat for beat what somebody would practice in a mirror. Not that it was a bad thing.

Tearproof, thermal-resistant, bullet-resistant. Netrunners sounded akin to superspies listening to the pitch. The deluge of features put Lisa's spandex costume to shame, something that she clearly was not ready for.

"Aramid nano-wha? Know what, you're saying words I like. I'll take it. In lavender, with an eye at the center." She retrieved a drawing from her purse. "This one, to be precise."

"Understood, miss. Corporate-grade aramid nanoweave, these are the stuff Kiroshi put their people in. If you upgrade now to—"

"No, thanks."

"Extended warranty can be yours for—"

"Skip."

"We offer insurance—"

"Skip," Lisa repeated, not even looking at the clerk and barely treating her as human. She eyed a corner that sold netrunner-style accessories to pair with the suits, and as the clerk busied with adjusting the projection, went over to snag a thick, puffy jacket—popular with edgerunners, said the ad—and put it on.

"Thoughts?" she asked, directing the question to him.

An oversized collar rose past her neck, with strips of LED lights illuminating the inside. A very 'Starship Huntress' design that had him squeeing in secret. Running a hand on the fabric, he nodded in approval at the hard plating he felt under the outer layer. Extra protection for Lisa was always welcome.

The clerk, sensing money, added the jacket to the mockup without prompting, changing the color to complement the suit's custom palette. A futuristic visor completed the set, serviceable as a mask.

Taken altogether, it actually looked halfway decent.

The other half was very indecent. Jaune tilted his head as he stared, being careful not to say anything.

Lisa studied the mockup for a good, long while. Then, she rendered her opinion.

"Should it look that skintight?"

"Crucial," the woman asserted.

Jaune nodded with his arms crossed, fully in agreement.


Author's Notes: Netrunner Lisa, all style, no substance. What a fraud.
Stories:
QQ Sneaking His Way into the Multiverse , a RWBY Jaune, WC-lite mechanics story.
Other RWBY stories on AO3 or FF - Yakuza Arc | Conquered Menagerie: Annals of the Sixth Kingdom | Cat, Bunny, and the Good Ship Honey Starbright | The Agent
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Amdiranifani, Amrynel, Arkan10 and 470 others
LazyAutumnMoon
Mar 14, 2026
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 75: Just Another Night City Nine to Five
View content
LazyAutumnMoon
LazyAutumnMoon
We all need Sundancer in our life.
JoinedJun 7, 2024
Messages289
Likes received68,284
Mar 28, 2026
Add bookmark
#6,479

Chapter 75: Just Another Night City Nine to Five
​


Jaune placed down the last stack of wooden planks, piling them neatly at the side of the plaza. With that done, he turned around with a beaming smile.

"This should be a good amount," he said to the vendors of Cherry Blossom Market, looking from one bright(ish) face to the next. Barely-concealed anticipation passed among them, the assembled crowd no doubt chomping at the bit to start the rebuilding. Not one to disappoint them, he kept it short. His fist punched into the air.

"Alright, everybody! Ready to start putting up your new stalls? I bet we can get it done by the afternoon if we work together!"

Those rousing words carried across the plaza… and then just sort of petered out, met by silence. Glances passed between the vendors. One of them cleared his throat and stepped forward.

"Aaactually, we have it covered from here," he said, the sentiment earning immediate support.

"Yeah, yeah, that's right," said a second.

"No need for you to trouble yourself, mister."

Jaune lowered his fist, uncertain of how to take the tepid response. People around here tended not to mind free labor, something that had roped him into a number of shenanigans. This sudden turnabout was a departure from the usual. He looked from the pile of materials, then back to them.

"Are you sure?" he asked. "I'm pretty handy with simple construction work."

A storm of protest rained on him from all sides.

"No no no no! Leaving it like that is fine!"

"Thank you, we have it from here."

"Genuine fucking wood—"

"You've done more than enough, choom!"

"We'll help them out, don't you worry!"

The vendors of Cherry Market Street paused at that last sentence, turning to the bystander who had voiced the offer. Many faces in the crowd near that person were nodding up and down, eager to pitch in, with smiles all around.

"...Right, what they said," agreed a stall owner. Reaching down, she grabbed one of the hammers that Jaune provided. Others followed suit with the crowbars and saws.

Ahhh, such camaraderie. A community coming together, supporting their neighbors. It brought a tear to his eyes.

And okay, he could understand why they preferred he did not stick around any longer than he needed to, what with him being one half of the reason the night market got thrashed. A good chunk of the people he met found deep entertainment in his actions, referring to it as 'nova' and even clapping him on the back for it. Another group, however, had seemed very nervous at his presence, packing up the scraps of metal and cloth they were using to repair their stalls like they thought he was somehow coming back to kick a sand castle over a second time.

Night City, like Vale, had a fondness for their duels. But, only up to a point. He had pushed past the line, becoming… scary.

That sobering thought encouraged him to leave while the going was good. After bidding farewell, Jaune climbed the steps to the upper road to depart from Cherry Blossom Market. He hoped he would have a chance to come back again.

"Johnny-san."

A familiar face awaited him at the top of the steps, a man with glowing lines tattooed on his skin to form the snarling face of a tiger, dressed in red and green. The Tyger Claw subordinate bowed deeply, hands clasped together. As ever, sweat poured down his face. It seemed to be a constant with the ganger.

"Hey, you!" Jaune greeted him with good cheer, while deftly hiding the fact he had no idea what the man's name was in such a manner that nobody could possibly realize it. "What's up, buddy? I haven't seen you in two days, how have you been?"

"Er, good?" The man did not sound sure, and quickly moved on, gesturing with both hands across the road. "She, that is, Wakako would like a word."

Jaune looked past him, and his expression slipped into a grimace for a brief second. How wonderful, another trip down rowdy Jig-Jig Street. Early in the morning, and the place carried on like it was midnight. Deals took place in the open, business not at all hidden in the mouths of alleys. Never change, Jig-Jig Street.

"Got it," he said. "I've been meaning to catch up with her on some personal stuff anyway, so this is good timing." Speaking of rowdy, was it him or were things getting pretty loud back at the market? Eh, probably construction work had started. He clapped the Tyger Claw on the shoulder, stopping him from leaving. "Oh right, have you eaten breakfast yet? Know any place around here that won't make a man sick? Yeah? Lead on, my friend!"

An unsatisfying yet safe breakfast in an upscale restaurant later, Jaune approached the open doors of a gaming parlor. He walked past the clickclacking pachinko machines, nodded a greeting to the security guard whose back was glued to the wall, and swept the curtains aside to enter Wakako's office with its decor that tried to evoke the sense of Japan yet was subtly off-tune. Wakako, as ever, surrounded herself in a haze of cigarette smoke. The tray near her elbow filled with the discarded ends. The old woman looked up as he entered, and smiled a crooked-tooth smile.

"Ah, my solo. You always come when called. If only my boys could be the same."

A quick glance around the room confirmed that Hu Tao was not hanging around, so Jaune pulled out the rickety chair in front of the desk and sat down. From an inner pocket of his jacket, but really from the dimensional space he walked around with, he withdrew a simple pouch containing tea leaves that he passed over to the fixer. The old woman pounced on the gift without hesitation.

"Are your sons doing well?" he asked for politeness's sake.

Wakako waved her hand in a dismissive manner while stowing away her new batch of tea leaves. "You know boys."

Answer enough, so far as it went with the fixer. For all that she liked to make mention of her children, Wakako had a certain attitude regarding them from what Jaune could glean. The rules she set down ensured her sons never stepped too far out of line. Otherwise, they would do what they do, and reap what they sow. He had yet to hear her say their names.

Once the old woman had resettled into her seat, she took a drag of her cigarette.

"How are you finding your apartment? Is the view from your window still to your liking?" She gave him a steady look, expectant.

Right, this game again. Jaune racked his brain for a good response.

"The soundproofing could use some work. I think I might have heard a person screaming in the night."

"There is always someone screaming in the night." Wakako tutted in good humor. "Bah. You are a poor hand at this. Give me the rude child any day. She is disagreeable, but I would enjoy negotiating the rent with her."

Jaune did not grant that idea much serious thought. Wakako and Lisa should never again be put in a room together, period. As for rent, considering the cut she got from the jobs they did for her, the fixer was making bank off of a place that had been going vacant between tenants. The woman had no real reason to complain, doing it simply for the sake of formalities and customs Jaune knew not.

He chitchatted with the old lady for a while, mainly listening to her talk. Today, Wakako went on about the tourists who would pour into Japantown for every big event, the next day leaving the locals holding the trash bags. She had strong opinions on the matter, and seemed to relish expounding on this to a person unfamiliar to the scene. He received quite a spiel on the proper way to sort and dispose of garbage, as a result.

Some time in, he finally found a chance to segue toward a different subject.

"Have you found one yet?" he asked. "A blacksmith, I mean."

That earned him a roll of the eyes. "A 'blacksmith', he says." A flick, and cigarette ash fell into the tray by Wakako's side. "I have a contact in the outskirts of the city. A workshop that asks no questions and is familiar with fancy toys. They will see you at a time of your convenience. Tell the little messenger attending you. He will guide you there."

Now that was news he wanted to hear!

"Sweet. Thank you, Wa—"

"Any costs incurred, they lie between the two of you. My fee is paid. My part in this is done."

Jaune deflated. Way to put a damper on things, bringing money into it.

He thanked her anyway, and the old woman accepted it as her due. She then cleared her throat, sliding a tablet in front of her that she swiped open.

"On to other matters, I have here a selection of requests. You and your crew are in high demand. Most are frivolous, not worth the pay. They wish to see the flying solo of Japantown. They believe you are a conman."

Jaune grumbled under his breath for a bit about the unfairness of that assumption, before speaking up. "You usually have an idea of which ones I should take. Any thoughts?"

His question earned him a satisfied nod from the fixer. Respect was something he knew she valued, even beyond money, and it hurt him none to show her a bit of deference. And wow, did he wish that sounded less manipulative of him.

"Let's see now," Wakako mused. "If you are after quick eddies, another fixer is willing to front a payment in exchange for a meeting."

"It's Faraday, isn't it?" he deadpanned. "Pass, please."

Wakako gave him a thin smile that told of her own annoyance with the man. Did Faraday bark orders to her like she was a dog when he talks to her, too? The old woman seemed to relish sweeping the message away on her tablet.

"Then, let us talk of birds," said Wakako.

He wondered if that was her habit of speaking in metaphors acting up again. A sharp look from her quelled those words before they could slip out. Instead, he folded his hands in his lap and sat up straight to present the image of an innocent schoolboy whose transcripts absolutely were real, eager to learn. (He had a lot of practice with that one.)

"Birds are not seen anymore in Night City, for good or ill," Wakako said. "These days, something else has taken their place in the majestic sky. In many ways, I enjoy them more than I did the birds."

Wakako stubbed out her cigarette, burned down to the little end. She lit another stick immediately, taking a drag and puffing out a curl of smoke.

"Aerodynes fly high above the hustle and bustle of the streets. They deliver cargo too important to risk in transit. Sometimes goods, sometimes documents, sometimes corpo executives on the way to lunch. Always there will be people calling on me, and I in turn calling on my solos, to liberate the treasures these golden geese hold. Today, it shall be a little different. A client wishes to destroy a shipment of proprietary technology they lost track of. At the least, make sure the shipment does not enter the hands of the recipient."

Proprietary technology? Consider his interest thoroughly piqued. Uncommon goods often commanded higher price tags.

The fixer noted his sudden enthusiasm, and she waved him down with a lazy gesture.

"I do not think you will find anything of note. The label is an excuse. What our client truly wish to bury is the past."

He pondered that. "I… don't quite understand," Jaune said, brows furrowed.

Wakako answered him with a chuckle. The mirth did not reach her old, tired gaze.

"Someday, you will. Night City changes in the blink of an eye, and nothing hurts so much as the memory of days gone by."



-o-
​


"What are those things? They're massive."

Standing atop an office building near city center, Jaune looked out over the urban sprawl, a hand shading his eyes. At the moment, his gaze was locked on the sliver of horizon visible between the skyscrapers, at the place where the ocean met the Night City docks.

Ships had brought something new from across the sea. Great, big carvings of beasts, and elegant structures resembling houses. Mechanical cranes transported them with care onto solid ground.

He heard only silence from the person he addressed, and he turned around to find Tattletale curled into a ball near his feet, clinging onto the parapet step with a death grip as she poked her head over the edge. Decked out in her new costume, the girl had lost her gung-ho attitude to now shiver like a leaf in the wind.

"We are really high up," Tattletale murmured, slowly blinking behind the smooth, futuristic visor that had replaced her domino mask.

"Uh-huh. It's so cool,"Jaune gushed, a fluttering sensation in his chest. One thing he especially liked about this world, its cities went up and up. With the wind in his hair and the sky so near, he felt free as a bird. What a thrill.

"Not the word I'd use…"

The supervillainess seized up at the sound of his boots scraping on the concrete, and hunched into herself even harder.

"Don't you dare poke me!" she hissed. "If I fall, I will haunt you!"

Jaune rolled his eyes. Not everyone was like her, thank you. He knelt down, placing a hand on her back where it rubbed in soothing patterns.

"Relax. Even if you fell, I've got two, maybe three ways to get you out of going splat."

His reassurance achieved little effect beyond Tattletale sticking her lower lip out in a sulk. Still, despite the glare she sent his way, she did not snap at him and allowed his hand to continue while she observed the world beneath through wary, half-squinted eyes. He refrained from telling her that she very much resembled a cat to him right now, what with the posture and the thin collar around her neck.

Er, choker. Not collar. And these were back rubs, definitely not pets.

*Pet, pet, pet, pet*

Tattletale stretched in a very cat-like manner, in no way enjoying the attention.

The two of them continued to laze around, passing the time waiting for their mark by pointing out interesting sights. In the current era, life had moved upward. Holographic ads encircled buildings, beaming their message both to the populace miles out, and inward to the office workers and residents of the towers. Higher still, private rooftop gardens created a different world from those living below, one calmer and more gentle. Meanwhile, windows offered a view into life at the top, from ballrooms to golden statues. Quite a few had the personal effects or artworks arranged to face the glass, presumably on the assumption that people would be peeking in as Jaune and Tattletale were doing. What better way to enjoy one's wealth, than to stoke the envy of one's peers. Tattletale pointed to the rooms that went in total darkness as places of actual note, the activities within too sensitive for prying eyes.

To break up the static scenery, aerodynes—AVs—took to the air with the sky as their road, weaving between the dense skyscrapers unimpeded by the gridlocked traffic on the streets. The flying vehicles bore a distinct resemblance to cars, only with jet engines in place of wheels. Some went for the sleek look, meant for passengers, while others had a clunky feel to them, rectangular boxes built for the rougher work of cargo hauling.

What a fascinating place. He could sit here watching it all for hours. A shame, then, that the peaceful time soon came to an end.

"I think that's ours there," Tattletale informed him, pointing at a small shape banking around a glass building. A glance at a tablet left lying near her, and she nodded. "Correct place, not too early, not too late. Looks like Gandalf is behind the wheels."

Literally who?

Jaune climbed to his feet, and helped Tattletale up before returning his attention to the approaching AV. In his head, he ran through the steps of the plan over and over. The timing was key.

Tattletale tugged on his arm. "Oh, hang on. You have a bit of dirt on you." She began patting him down. "Just there, and here—stay still, you."

"I should put you in this suit," Jaune groused, swiping at her hands to stop her copping a feel. Oh sure, he totally had that much dirt smudged on him from sitting down.

"Don't be silly."

The aircraft they sought measured a little wider and longer than a van, and as it drifted closer to their position, the thing turned out to be rather basic in make. Its purpose was to move cargo, with no frills. The route that the AV took should be, and appeared to be, carrying it on course to somewhere below their vantage point.

A cursory search of the net would suggest that midair heists of AVs were by no means impossible, but neither were they common. It took a crazy kind of solo to jump off a building hoping to land on what was, in practical terms, a tiny stretch of smooth metal floating in the sky. For most, the choice came down to making a play at either the loading or unloading point. On the other side of the playing field, the corporations operating these flights had long adapted to the ways of mercenaries and rival corps, and considered it standard practice to set strong guard presences at the two locations, always turning the endeavor into a bloody affair.

Jaune planned to skew those statistics a little, today. Without any warning or windup, folded cloth wings quietly appeared on his back. He placed a foot on the parapet.

"Ready, Tattletale?"

"..."

"You could stay back."

Her answer to that suggestion was immediate. "Fuck that. We're pulling a heist. This is, like, my whole thing."

"I figured you'd say that," he said, not unkindly.

Tattletale had insisted on attending the heist. The problem was, her practice time on Fischl's wind glider up until now clocked in at about an hour spread over several days, at a much shorter height. A tall ask, then, to put her a hundred floors up with small room for mistakes. She had been nowhere near ready for this job to spring on her.

Hence, a little creativeness had been called for: he could carry her. They would not fly, or even glide, but a controlled fall was within his capability.

"In that case…" Jaune spread his arms wide, motioning for a hug. "Come on, then. We've got an airship to catch." Noting the clear hesitation remaining on her face, he adjusted his approach. Annoying Blondes had their weaknesses. "You don't want to hear that Escha's team succeeded while we called it quits, do you?"

The reminder swayed her some. He could tell.

Escha, upon hearing that the job did not exactly require their full lineup, had requested for responsibilities of her own. Thus was born the Escha Expeditionary Team. A bit of wheedling had gotten Wakako to hand him a simple courier job that he felt comfortable passing along to the cat plus her two subordinates, Fischl and Bennett. They were pretty much guaranteed to complete it, just like how Tattletale would definitely hear all about their day later.

With great reluctance, the supervillainess scooted over to him, stripping off her jacket and passing it to him for safekeeping. The garment vanished into his Pocket, and she allowed him to hug her body close. To reassure her, he made doubly certain that he had a good grip of her. After all, she was not the only person concerned about this plan. The last thing he wanted was for Tattletale to slip and plummet out of the sky.

"Jaune, you're grabbing my ass."

"Oh now it's a problem."

Tattletale gave a shrug, and wound her arms around his neck. "I was just saying. Carry on."

With a hop, she wrapped her legs around him to lock behind his waist, entrusting all her weight to his frame. Her grip tightened as he shifted closer to the ledge. Far, far, far below them rested the hard pavement, and Tattletale hissed at the brief glimpse she got of it, her nerves wavering.

"Remember, we want to land parallel to its flight path," she told him in a near babble. "That gives us the longest possible runway to bleed off the momentum. If you can match its speed then all the better, otherwise—"

"Hey."

He stopped her.

"I got this," he said, losing his unserious tone. His forehead pressed against hers. "You trust me, right?"

Tattletale bit her lip. Looked to the side. Made a real show of thinking on the question.

A lot of it came down to him eyeballing the needed calculations. Math. Jaune Arc. Yes, it did not bolster confidence.

But then, life was in the doing. Through experience, if nothing else, he had gotten quite good at his landing strategies.

In the end, she left it to him.

The moment finally arrived. The AV weaved between this building and the one opposite, closer to his side in what one might imagine would be the right lane of traffic if there was a dividing line. Fire sparked beneath his boots in anticipation.

Under his breath, Jaune muttered to himself, "Yo ho ho, I'm a sky pirate."

And as Tattletale burst out laughing, he jumped right over the edge. The actual experience of it cut through the girl's worries. She let out a whoop, screaming her thrill in his ear.

The air whipped around them as they plummeted twenty floors down in the blink of an eye. Before Tattletale's sense of terror could reassert itself, the wings of the glider unfurled. The colors of dancing sunlight fluttered in the wind.

With the weight of two people, they hardly slowed down, but the barest ounce of control let Jaune angle in the right direction. Twin jets of flames spewed from the rocket boots, and the air caught beneath the glider wings. The straight drop took on a new vector. Behind the windows, the faces of those who had spotted the falling pair underwent a marked change, the office workers springing out of their chairs to gawk as what they thought was another Night City tragedy turned into an act of pure daring and wonder.

The quickest thinkers saw their trajectory, where that would carry them, and put it together. Jaune read it on their lips, a name loved and feared by Night City in equal measure.

Edgerunners.

He was set to hit the AV on an angle, and his approach could be no finer. A featherlight step brought him in contact with the aerodyne. Wasting little time, a knife appeared in his hand that he slammed into the roof of the aircraft to serve as an anchor. The vehicle was not even hitting 30mph, but after he set her down, Tattletale latched onto the knife handle with a deathgrip, flattening her body to the aerodyne while urging him to get them inside.

Balanced on the aircraft, he summoned his sword to shove it through a gap between the door and the main body. As Tattletale watched on with no small amount of fascination, a light overtook Jaune's vision, his strength growing beyond its limit to pry open the door in one motion using the sword as a lever, in the process breaking the locks and mechanisms to leave the heavy panel dangling on the one remaining hinge. It was then a simple matter to swing inside, with Tattletale in tow screaming at her sudden and disorienting relocation.

They hurtled into the aircraft cabin. Jaune followed through on the momentum to slide across the floor and end up on a knee. Tattletale, meanwhile, managed to turn her graceless flop into a roll that took her upright, a maneuver that surprised no one more than herself.

Her lips twisted into an assured smirk, shown to the whole wide world. Hips cocked, the girl gave an arrogant toss of her long blonde hair.

"Easy-peasy!"

Jaune's tepid gaze went ignored.

"W-Whuh—How—"

The pilot, a man dressed in t-shirt, slacks, and a high-tech helmet with too many eyes, struggled to comprehend their presence. His hands remained on the controls, a complicated mess of switches and dials, to keep the aircraft steady, but his focus was all on them with his mouth flapping open and shut.

As Tattletale looked toward the pilot, she swiped a small button on the side of her visor, activating a preprogrammed effect. The visor grew more opaque, while numbers and letters scrolled down the cyberglass.

What made it cyber? Nobody would say.

She looked good in it, and that seemed to be what mattered. The symbol of an eye emblazoned across her chest, shaded in a subtly different purple, reflected the ambient light to create a shimmering effect, grabbing attention.

"Don't mind us, we're here to recover a few misplaced things," she declared in a chipper tone, shooing the pilot away. "We'll find what we need and delta. Wouldn't even take five minutes."

With the size of the AV, it really would be a quick in and out. The gray interiors of the aircraft held little of note. Two pilot seats, one filled and one not, along with a number of metal containers secured in place with clasps on the floor.

"You can't!" The pilot cried. "It's… You…" His bearing grew firm, the man seeming to snap to rigid attention. "Zetatech Aerodyne Rule 1 dash 3, all Zetatech flights will operate at the sole discretion of Zetatech policy, superseding local, federal, and anarchist laws. No personnel, including officers of the law, may enter, inspect, or otherwise interfere with Zetatech cargo in transit. You are in violation of the aforementioned statute, and are hereby ordered to remove yourself from the craft at once."

Jaune stared askance at the man. "Are you trying to rule-lawyer this whole situation away? 'Remove myself', am I supposed to just stroll off the ledge?" He poked his head out the open door. "I mean, I can survive it, but for anybody else you're basically telling them to go die."

"Zetatech Aerodyne Rule—"

Apparently, yes. Unauthorized intruders were obligated to commit suicide according to company policy, and Jaune had better be prepared for a lawsuit if he did not follow this very reasonable order. Good to know.

"Give him some slack, Jaune," Tattletale snarked. "He has to say all that stuff if he wants to shoot us. Kinda dumb, but it's policy so what can you do?"

The pilot, faced with their continued defiance against all proper laws of gods and men, took one hand off the controls to whip out a handgun at Tattletale.

A blade tickled his throat.

"I wouldn't do that if I were you," Jaune said, sword raised, eyeing the firearm. A stubby thing, called a Lexington if he recalled right. He had sold enough of that model to know that it was not the best gun around. "The two of us are protected against bullets. I doubt you are bladeproof. Just drive, alright?"

The pilot glanced at the front window, where the AV continued to follow its route with minimal input. The man licked his lips.

"The regulations—"

"Says there should be two pilots," Tattletale spoke over him. Her gaze roamed the cabin, absorbing the details, to end up at the back half of the vehicle. "Where's your partner? Did you never have one assigned, or were they laid off and now you have to do the job of two people? It really goes to show that rules are there to be broken."

A flicker of hesitation passed over the pilot's face, and though Tattletale should not be able to see it, a grin grew on her face. She drifted over to the containers, checking out the electronic panels attached to the crates.

"Overlook it this once," Tattletale suggested over her shoulder. "After all, the important thing is to stay safe and alive. You're not doing anything bad," she stressed. "Think of it as… joining the game."

Her honeyed words juxtaposed the sword Jaune held, the carrot to the stick. The handgun wavered. The pilot looked resigned, yet relieved, at the prospect of a peaceful resolution, no matter the form.

Then, his eyes flew wide.

"Wait, no, don't touch that!" he yelled at Tattletale, who had confidently punched in a set of numbers on the container lock. The lid popped open right as an alarm blared throughout the cabin, the sound deafening in the small space.

"What is that?" Jaune asked loudly, a hand on his ear.

Tattletale, outraged, kicked the container she opened. "The stupid thing is set to go off on any attempt to put the password, not only when you put in the wrong one! Dammit!"

"Now that's just unsporting," he commiserated.

Suddenly, the alarm cut out. There was an electronic chime. The front window grew staticky, with a screen then appearing on the glass to show the head and shoulders of an older man with salt-and-pepper hair.

The scowling visage roared, "What the hell is going on here?"

"S-Sir!" The pilot quailed. "I was—"

"Smith, you have exactly ten seconds to explain yourself, and you had better pray I don't fire you on the spot!"

Whatever threat Jaune posed to the pilot, it had nothing on the man on the screen. The pilot was near blubbering. Jaune mentally filed the new person as a bigshot, and squinted to make out the title on the nametag.

"Wait a minute, are you his manager?" Tattletale asked, her head popping over his shoulder. She began snickering. "Oh my god, you are!"

A small bigshot, then. The guy a person complained to about the bad service.

Tattletale gave the screen a dismissive wave. "Yeah, we can ignore him. He talks big but he's, like, two rungs from the bottom on the corporate ladder. Nobody important. Help me carry this stuff, Jaune."

"Sure thing," he said, putting the matter behind him.

The clear lack of deference seemed to set the manager off, the man launching into a tirade about company policies and their violations thereof, which further convinced Jaune to tune him out. As a courtesy to the pilot, he flicked his sword toward the handgun, slicing it in half. Hopefully, this would make it hard for the pilot to catch flak, given that he had tried to subdue the intruders and was outmatched.

Clang. Clang. The AV lurched, throwing everybody off-balance. Tattletale braced against a container, while Jaune grabbed one of the handles hanging off the aircraft's wall.

"What is it now?" he asked, to nobody in particular.

The answer arrived in the short, twin-tailed package of Rebecca the edgerunner. The girl swung into the opening Jaune made, toting a shotgun. A loud boom resounded as she fired a round in the ceiling of the vehicle, blasting a bunch of holes in the metal.

"Okay, gonks!" she gleefully shouted in a very strange, exaggerated dialect. "Hands up, cuz I'm da captain now—Bweh!"

A small figure flew out of the AV, and out of sight, trailed only by a fading "Oh fuuuuu—!"

David Martinez ducked his head upside-down into the cabin, mouth agape in horror. He found Jaune with his foot still raised.

Jaune gave a shrug. "Her or me."

Faster than he could follow, the edgerunner now brandished a handcannon, one that he had already fired. A bullet hit Jaune between the eyes to knock him dizzy. A second struck his side, having tried to get at Tattletale who he hid with his frame.

A third splattered the pilot's brain across the window and control board. The aerodyne began to list, lurching harder as Martinez jumped off into thin air, diving after his teammate.

Jaune could not catch what happened to the other boy, by this time already rushing toward the front. He grimaced at the grisly sight of the pilot. There was no saving him.

"Not how I saw it go down," he muttered in apology, for all the good that it did the dead man who could not hear him. His eyes then scanned over the controls, and at where the AV was currently heading after being knocked off course.

The roads of Night City stretched out before him. Underpasses, overpasses, the complicated network resembled a ball of tangled strings. Typical of the locals, the cars drove like maniacs. There were… a lot of cars.

"Tattletale! Can you make sense of this?" he called out. The girl stumbled over the uneven footing to join him.

"Oh, ew!"

Daintily picking her way forward, Tattletale dropped into the copilot seat where she tried her best to observe the dead pilot's side of the controls without getting sick. Her hands hovered for a bit atop the many buttons and knobs.

"Should be this," she flicked a switch. A joystick extended from a compartment. "And these." Three buttons were hit in succession, after which she pulled back on the joystick. The floor of the cabin drew even. "Uh-oh," Tattletale then blurted out, to set off his every warning bell.

"...What do you mean, 'uh-oh'?"

"Everything just seized up." Tattletale shut her eyes as the AV banked hard toward the ground, forcing Jaune to grip the headrest to stay upright. "Oh, that's real funny. Perfect. Fucking asshole."

That clued him in, and Jaune snapped his head up to glare at the screen that still broadcasted the manager. The man's impassive face stared right back.

"Do you mind?" Jaune asked through gritted teeth, sweeping a hand at the dashboard. When the expression changed not one iota, his tone grew a touch more… annoyed. "It's going to hit the highway."

The manager finally cracked a smile, satisfaction written clear across it. He took the time to adjust his suit's jacket, sitting back in his chair.

"That certainly sounds like a problem. For you, that is. The hijacker clause in our insurance policy covers this eventuality. I would have to check, but I do believe the compensation amount outweighs the value of both that AV model and its inventory by a multiple of… My word, I might even see a bonus come from this." The man nodded to Jaune. "Truly, thank you."

The screen winked out, leaving Jaune's reflection.

"That complete, utter—" He stopped, shaking off the rising anger to speak in a rush. "Tattletale, can we send a message to evacuate the people down there?"

"We have a minute at best," she pointed out. "No way it'd happen, even if they give me the time of day. Bail?"

"No! Well, yes, but before that there has to be something… we can… oh." He stared at the dead pilot. "Ohhh."

Tattletale slapped a hand over her eyes. "Obvious answer is obvious." She climbed out of the copilot seat, holding tightly onto him to stay in contact. "Grab the containers, first. No need to be subtle anymore."

"On it."

With a last look at the pilot, he moved at speed toward the back with Tattletale in tow, his hands held outward. They gently brushed over the metal crates, which one by one vanished into thin air.

Once done, he withdrew a device from the pocket of his pants, passing it to Tattletale. As she navigated through the menus, he gathered her in his arms.

"Ready?" she asked.

He slapped his hand on the side of the AV. "Ready."

Seconds from hitting the highway, the aerodyne blinked out of existence. The only trace of it was a boy and a girl hanging in midair, borne on a set of wings. Below, people looked up from their cars, some still screaming because they had been about to die.

The pilot's remains slammed into the windshields of one of the cars, cracking the glass.

Jaune winced. Hu Tao... was going to get some work from him.



-o-
​


Later, hours later, the question occurred to them.

"What did we get, anyway?" asked Tattletale.

Jaune mentally pinged his Pocket, the shapes of the many new objects inside flashing by his mind.

"Huh," was all he said.

He withdrew one of the items for study, before putting it on his companion's head.

Tattletale's eyes went up to the high-tech headphones she now wore and the two feline, almost fox-like, ears protruding from the top.

"Huh," she echoed.

There was a little logo stenciled on the side of the headphones.

Danger Gal.


Author's Notes: What does the fox say?
Last edited: Mar 28, 2026
Stories:
QQ Sneaking His Way into the Multiverse , a RWBY Jaune, WC-lite mechanics story.
Other RWBY stories on AO3 or FF - Yakuza Arc | Conquered Menagerie: Annals of the Sixth Kingdom | Cat, Bunny, and the Good Ship Honey Starbright | The Agent
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, PNWFox, Amdiranifani and 404 others
LazyAutumnMoon
Mar 28, 2026
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 76: Just Another Night City Level Up
View content
LazyAutumnMoon
LazyAutumnMoon
We all need Sundancer in our life.
JoinedJun 7, 2024
Messages289
Likes received68,284
Apr 3, 2026
Add bookmark
#6,650

Chapter 76: Just Another Night City Level Up
​


His hand shook, an accident that could happen to anyone.

The pair of chopsticks David was holding slipped out of his grip. Luckily, his fumbling lunge for the utensils managed to recover them before they fell over the side of the ripperchair, saving them from coming in contact with the blood-streaked floor. Most of it was his, but still. Ick.

He sat up again, and found himself looking into Lucy's stiff, anxious face. His girl was halfway out of her seat, her hands reaching forward.

She worried too much. But then, he did worry her too much.

"I'm fine, Luce," he said with a crooked smile, the one she liked. "Not used to eating with one arm, that's all. Doc will take care of it soon enough."

The chair creaked under him as he leaned back. It barely held his weight. The thing should have been replaced ages ago, he kept telling Doc, bound for the great heavenly garbage heap outside Night City. A medical tray on a stand next to the chair served as David's dining table. Its awkward position forced him to twist his body further than was comfortable.

With the chopsticks, he picked up strands of noodles from the instant ramen cup, blowing to cool them before gulping down the lot. Lucy watched him eat, her chin between her hands. The TV over by the wall of the dingy basement that Doc called a clinic filled in for the lack of conversation.

"It's a bird, it's an aerodyne, no, it's just another Night City jumper. Yaaawn, amiright? What you might find hard to believe is that this one didn't go splat on the pavement. Walls are just roads, my viewers—"

He listened with half an ear, seeing no need for the details when he had been there in person. They mentioned a name. Someone died at the scene.

His hand shook.

"—continues unabated with smoke visible from all across the city. Thus far, no winner had stepped forward with the so-called 'furred feline' reportedly seen out and about in Reconciliation Park. If you're in the mood for a scavenger hunt, head up there today and join the fun! Don't forget your guns!"

David tuned out the program to scarf down the last half of his cup of ramen. Just as he was slurping up the dregs of the salty broth, he heard the door at the top of the steps leading down here squeak open. Familiar footfalls announced the return of Rebecca and Kiwi from their trip to the vending machine, the shorter of the pair bringing back another glorious serving of the food of the gods. Said teammate proceeded to fuss over him with the same kind of spirit Lucy possess, popping the lid and pouring in the Real* Moisture pack for him like he was a baby that needed spoon-feeding. Lucy made a sneaky play for his chopsticks, intending that very act. A soft smile, gone all too soon, passed her lips as he hid the two sticks behind his back.

Kiwi, meanwhile, stalked over to a low shelf so that she could lean on it and act surly.

"Here you go, hero~" Rebecca stressed the last bit, sweet as sugar, as she moved to his side. She hadn't stopped calling him that since their little escapade. To be honest, it was kinda embarrassing. Sent chills up his spine every time. After setting down the food, she placed her head near his chest to listen hard for his heartbeat.

Thumpthump. Thumpthump.

"It sounds better now… I think?" she said, not very certain. "Lucy, c'mere and check this gonk out."

He would have thrown a quip back at her for that, something witty, but his stomach rumbled to tell him that he had better start eating or there would be trouble. There was a lot of energy to replenish. Chipping in took its pound of flesh.

Worth it, of course, and not because it gave him an excuse to pig out on cup noodles. Every ounce the scalpel carved away had put more in, and made him better. As he ate, power thrummed under his skin. It felt like a furnace inside him. He had never felt so alive as when blood pumped through his second heart.

Heh. Since he needed repairs and was going to get cut open anyway, why not put in more work, right?

Even Lucy couldn't argue that. Hell, once she heard what he wanted, she had grown downright eager to see it done. She thought this stuff would help keep him living, and so didn't give him those sad eyes.

They were on adjacent pages, then, if not the exact same one.

A lot of theories floated on the net when it came to the Sandevistan. Nothing captured the people's imagination quite like that nifty piece of chrome (except for cyberdecks, but netrunners were weirdos about it). For years, people dedicated pages after pages to its limitations, and how to eke out another second in the timeless world of accelerated perception. Everybody had their own opinion on what chrome might complement the piece, not to mention the ones who advocated for meditation or mystical breathing techniques or what have you. A good dozen lists of 'builds' existed that their owners swore should work if it was ever put in practice. Some of those ideas had… inspired David.

Of course, his Sandevistan was a prototype for a reason. Other people didn't push their body like this, and didn't have as much room to work with. What went once for others went double, triple for him. It forced, and allowed, him to modify his approach. When people pointed out that the Sandy duration was partly bottlenecked by oxygen intake, and that a set of Synthlungs could only get so efficient as long as the other parts of a man stayed 'ganic, he figured it was a better fit to install a whole Second Heart cyberware rather than a simple Blood Pump. And then he put in the Blood Pump as a backup, too, because both of them working together sounded perfect for what he had in mind.

Ramp up, ramp up, get that blood flowing beyond the limits, oxygen pumping to the max, his limbs ready to work, then hit the switch to make him go.

Admittedly, all theory. Machine specs and projections from gonks on dodgy message boards, half of them pretending they had speedware, the other half pretending they did not. Some of the models they discussed had been taken out of production years ago, bicycles compared to his Quadra muscle car of a Sandy. The future was now, and trying it out was gonna be fan-fucking-tastic.

"Hey, David," Kiwi suddenly called out, to make his head jerk up and waking him from his daydreams. "Are we going to talk about what happened or what?"

Before he could ask what she meant, Lucy cut in between them, a little too quick to leap from her chair. "You mean the disappearing AV mystery? God, you wouldn't believe how crazy some of the arguments have gotten in the forums—"

"No," Kiwi said, sounding quite, quite blunt. "I'm referring to the dead pilot with his head blown off. We all heard the gunshots over the comms, even with Rebecca shouting in our ears."

"Fuck you, I was falling like a bajillion floors straight to the ground!" Rebecca flipped Kiwi off.

Kiwi deigned the gesture not worth responding to beyond a withering look, after which she directed her attention again to David. Her eyes had narrowed to two thin, suspicious lines.

"Was it him that did it?" she pressed, no need to ask who. The electronic twang created by her voice assistance cyberware added a dryness David found difficult to tell was intended or not.

He fidgeted, too aware that even Lucy and Rebecca were waiting for his answer, despite them arraying themselves to side with him over their other teammate. Nor was he blind to the fact that Kiwi had given him an out. He could push the blame onto the corpo and his joytoy.

"No, it was…" His hearts seized up. "It was me."

The room fell quiet for a beat. Everybody was looking at him, he could feel their eyes prickling on his skin.

Kiwi broke the somber moment. "Knew it hadn't been him."

Lucy bristled.

"The pilot was a threat. David did what he had to do." She alternated her gaze between Rebecca and Kiwi, trying to appear firm. His Lucy had her habits, though. She couldn't hide her anxiety from him. "Look, it was better that he at least tried something to stop Johnny and his crew from taking the AV, instead of nothing at all. We're mercs. Remember what Maine always said? Our reputation matters."

"Y-Yeah!" Rebecca chimed in. "And I kinda needed the dummy to hurry up back there, so I'm pretty damn grateful." She shot Kiwi a weak glare, her heart not in it.

They were on his side. He knew that. He loved that. The problem was…

The problem was Kiwi looking so fucking satisfied. The netrunner stood there with her arms crossed, staring at him, not even trying to hide the smug superiority. The gall, to judge him when she always stayed far back from the action. She didn't get that he had to do it. He had to!

He had to?

His hand shook. Then, and now.

"—could stand to show a little more basic empathy," Lucy was admonishing Kiwi.

Kiwi's shoulders moved up an inch, then back down. Placid eyes swept to the side, at the TV. "He screwed up. He should tell us why. End of story."

The sudden bout of rage quelled, leaving him strangely empty. David couldn't muster the energy to retort, and so busied with his food, louder than was polite to make it clear he was taking a break from his part in the conversation. Once the empty styrofoam cup hit the table, he forced the topic to steer down more comfortable avenues.

"New gig's waiting for us," he said.

Rebecca, who he already informed alongside Lucy, seized on the subject. "Yo, about that. I was hoping to check with you on something."

"Shoot. But not literally."

Always had to specify, with Rebecca.

Rebecca nodded. "Right, so… What's Faraday playing at? Protection? Guarding? We don't do that crap."

"For the money he's paying? We definitely will."

"Excuse me," Kiwi said, raising a hand. "Mind starting from the beginning?"

David shifted to a better position to talk. "You weren't there when I got the call. Faraday has a client that wants us to run security. They have a package bogged down mid-transit. We'll sit on it until they arrange a pickup."

"Sounds corpo," Kiwi stated the obvious. "What's in the package?"

He wasn't the only person to catch the look on her face, but he spoke for them all. "Kiwi, don't even think about it," he warned. "We don't fuck with our fixer, we don't fuck with our client. They're paying us to keep the shipment safe. It's not on us to check what's inside."

Kiwi gave him an unrepentant shrug. "No harm in looking," she said, already pulling a tablet from inside her coat to no doubt ferret out all she could.

That curiosity was really going to get her in trouble someday. To distract her, he sent the deets on the job. Her eyes flashed blue, the data package received then redirected to her tablet. She swiped on the screen.

"Damn."

Kiwi delivered the remark in monotone, which understated it a fair bit. David nodded. Damn, indeed.

"Yup. Faraday's having us set up in a decommissioned factory. It used to have big contracts with Arasaka before the Fourth Corporate War or something, until that stint with Arasaka getting kicked off the continent. They left their security systems intact."

Even with that, he had had to spend a good ten minutes convincing Lucy that they were not working for the Japanese conglomerate. And if they were, they had just been handed a blank check to wreck the building. She really liked the second bit.

He continued. "The factory did a bunch of hush-hush stuff, apparently, with the protections to match. Faraday had a netrunner grab the codes for us to activate the defenses."

Kiwi was deep into the documents. "Turrets, drones—ooh, a mech."

'What?" Rebecca piped up, as eager as David was when he caught that detail. She vacated her seat in a blink, rushing over to Kiwi where she stood on tiptoes to catch a glimpse of the screen. "Whoa, you weren't kidding! Do they even need us?"

Kiwi explained, "The thing's designed for a pilot—"

"Dibs," Rebecca said at once.

"Lucy or Kiwi will take that job," David corrected. "The exoskeleton is meant for moving cargo, so it can't hold a gun. I'd rather rely on you with your shotty, and keep the robot back in case we have to relocate the shipment. It's a big shipment." Which would also give an excuse for him to put a suit of armor between Lucy (or Kiwi, but he was mostly concerned with Lucy) and anybody sniffing around.

Rebecca was beaming.

"Does make me wonder what all this is for," Kiwi remarked.

"Faraday told me he didn't know for sure, but he expects people to crash the party the longer it goes on, and doesn't think the low-leveled mercs he had stationed there would cut it," David replied. "We'll prepare for the usual Watson suspects. Scav gangs, Maelstrom, corpo soldiers..." A dark look crossed his expression. "But I have a feeling in my gut that it won't be so simple."

He studied his teammates, from one face to another, and he liked what he saw there. Lucy clenched her hands in front of her chest and returned his look with a steady gaze; she was with him, all the way. Rebecca also seemed raring to go another round against a certain team of wannabe mercs, playing with one of her guns that she had pulled out from inside her oversized jacket. Kiwi… Okay, maybe Kiwi's reaction was a bit different from the others, but she knew to be professional on the job.

A little later, a new set of footsteps rang out on the concrete staircase leading to the basement. David and his team were a few minutes into planning their approach to the gig, going over positions and chokepoints, when Doc entered the room. Someday, the ripperdoc would tell David his name, and David would probably default to calling him Doc anyway out of habit, a real tearjerker moment for the movies. For now, whatever they had was working well enough, especially when the man carried with him a long, sleek cyberarm. Unlike the usual fares he stocked, this one gleamed with a polished sheen.

"Oh, preem, Doc!" David praised, sitting up straight. "Now that's what I'm talking about!"

He was wondering where the guy went for him to be away so long. His missing arm had been itching something fierce. Now that he was here, maybe Doc would finally connect the nerves running from his spine to his feet that'd let him hop off this chair for five minutes.

Had anybody ever noted in the specs that a set of Fortified Ankles could counteract a lot of force in a pinch, but turn brittle as glass as a result? Or that ramming an arm into the side of a building and letting it scrape to generate friction would work up to a point, and also grind it down to a bloody stump? Yeah well, he learned that stuff firsthand.

God, he didn't even mean to make that pun.

In contrast to David's enthusiasm, the ripperdoc merely spat a gob of spit right onto the floor. It splattered on the tiles, making the place a little cleaner.

"If you have any sense, you wouldn'ta be saying that," the man sneered, but in a friendly(?) way. Doc sneered at everybody. The backalley surgeon smoothed his goatee, observing David from head to toe before indicating the cyberarm he was holding. "Listen, Davey. How about you slow down on this one, eh? Make sure it's the model you want. The load—"

David laughed, unsurprised. "Come on, Doc, are you seriously gonna try to jack the price higher after you strapped the armless man to your chair? It's always 'the load' with you."

A soft hand caressed his shoulder, rubbing soothingly to calm him down. Lucy pecked him on the cheek as he looked at her.

"David, hang on, it's fine. We can hear what he has to say, can't we? You don't have to follow his advice but he's done this for a long time." She sniffed in disdain at their surroundings. "Even if your associate could use work. And integrity. And ethics."

"Ah, blow it outta your ears, girlie," Doc shot back, before leering. "Or better yet, you can blow…" His voice trailed off as he looked beyond her toward David. A bead of sweat dropped down his cheek. "Never mind, then."

David snorted. "Stay classy, Doc."

It wasn't quite a warning, but close. The man raised his arms—both the ones attached to him, and the cyberarm—in surrender with a roll of his eyes.

"I musta removed your sense of humor at some point, 'cause you can't take a joke no more," Doc grumbled under his breath, edging around them.

By then, Lucy had ceased paying attention to the ripperdoc, turning back to David. Perhaps she saw something in his eyes, because her smile faded. He quickly grabbed her hand, and now was his turn to run his thumb in circles on her skin.

"I get it, Lucy. You think I'm going too hard. And yeah, it looks like a lot, but you have to remember that I lost three pieces of cyberware," he explained. "Those will just be replacements. I'm really only up by two. The Second Heart and Blood Pump." He jerked his head at Doc. "And he knows damn well that's no problem for me. You don't have to worry."

Off to the side, Doc scoffed. The man hooked the metal arm on one of the racks set near the ripperchair, and stood there for a little while, seeming lost in thought. A hand went up to hold his forehead, pinching and massaging them. Then, Doc came to a decision, and walked over to David while breathing out an exasperated sigh.

"Davey, gonk, it don't work like that." He tapped David on the foot, knee, stomach, chest, and nose in quick succession. "You are up a few dozen pieces a' chrome. A fuckton this week alone. It never go away. You lose the last arm? Whoop-de-doo. Your flesh, your nerves, they don't understand this new arm. As far as your body know, you put in an arm and now you put in another arm. Like a fucking messed-up octopus."

"Sooo, what will all the new chrome today do to the load?" Rebecca asked from over by Kiwi, no longer looking very confident about this.

"Who the fuck knows," was Doc's blunt answer.

To that…

Well, to that David could only grin, because it sounded like a challenge.

"I can take it, Doc. I'm built different."

His hand shook, he was so excited.



-o-
​


A car roared down the desert road under the bright sunshine, a cloud of dust whipping up in its wake.

The scenery passed by in a homogeneous blur, rolling plains of scrubs and sand with the occasional pit stop. The road begged for maintenance, cracked in places, but the car's shock absorbers handled that like a dream.

"Aaaaaahahaha! Go faster!" cried the thrilled voice of a young girl, and she whooped in joy as Jaune stepped harder on the pedal to grant that very wish.

Uncaring of danger, Fischl sat on the open window of the passenger side, hanging onto the car for balance as she tilted back her head to bask in the warm day. Her long blonde hair streamed behind her, a tousled mess after almost an hour into their highway drive. The destination they had been aiming for lay on the outskirts of town, way back there, but one look at the open road beyond the city, and adventure had beckoned with its siren call.

As the driver, Jaune couldn't stick his head out the window, which was a shame. Still, with the window rolled down and a catchy as hell tune playing on the radio, he was enjoying his time. He kept one hand on the wheel, the other hanging off the side of the car.

Tucked between him and Fischl, Oz the raven called out, "I am glad you are feeling better, milady, but perhaps we should slow down? A fall could be disastrous."

"Whaaaat?" Fischl called back, unable to hear over the wind.

The bird heaved a sigh, and Jaune switched hands on the wheel to reach over to pat him on the back. It left a tingling sensation dancing on his fingers afterward.

"Oh, let her have her fun, Oz."

At the start of the drive, Fischl had been rather sulky. From what he gathered, it had to do with Bennett and Hu Tao heading off without her, talking about fire this and fire that—a subject the zappy electric girl could only contribute to in a limited capacity. Jaune had yet to mention to her that Lisa was taking them to a police seminar course on fires, their dangers, and how to commit arson in a responsible manner. Something about learning caution. It really was not as glamorous an adventure as she seemed to think.

Jaune looked to the passenger side, where Fischl continued to scream and laugh with carefree abandon, waving to every car that they happened to pass by.

Yeah, she got over it.

A while later, they pulled into a parking lot of a bustling car shop, where they continued sitting in the sedan a little longer in order to sing along with the song that was playing on the radio. Even Oz got in on it. "...I don't wanna kno~ow!" they finished the final line in chorus.

The shop itself was loud and unsafe, with a whole lot of junk parts lying around to trip over. Sparks flew as welders worked, sizzling on a pockmarked floor. Still, the cool shade of the interior space was a welcomed reprieve after their time in the sunshine. Jaune strode past the various ongoings, ignoring the people huddling together and pointing him out to their friends. Beside him, Fischl turned her head every which way to take in the sights while Oz perched on her shoulder, picking at her windswept hair with its beak to neaten them.

A corner of the room was taken up by other projects beside the cars. Small machinery and neon signs, mostly. Jaune figured that place would be what he was looking for, and headed over.

The grouchy old man there reminded him of Wakako.

"This is what you waste my time on?" The old man, the owner of the shop, waved his hand at the shield lying on the table. Specifically, at a fault in the mechanism visible from the back of the shield. Warped by the heat of a laser beam produced a Valkyria's fiery Aura, the metal along what should have been a smooth ridge had grown misshapen to lock the gears tight.

"So you can fix it, then?" Jaune asked hopefully. He got a roll of the eyes for the question.

"Bah! Are your muscles for show?" the man mocked. "Back in my day, we handled crap like this ourselves. Only when it's in ten different pieces with half the screws missing, and only then, do we bother somebody else. Kids these days, I swear." As he complained, the old man grabbed a hammer and a chisel.

Jaune tried to interrupt, raising his hands. "Whoa, hang on. That's not going to work!"

His warning went ignored. The old man scoffed, turning back to the mechashift shield half of Crocea Mors.

"What good is buying a fancy toy if all you can do is break it? Nothing, that's what. The hell even is this thing anyway? Half of it doesn't make a lick of sense."

The man elbowed Jaune back to get some room, sending him a glare. For his age, the shop owner kept in scarily good shape, and an arm bulging with corded muscles rose high in the air with the hammer in its grip. It came down in a swift, unhesitating motion.

*CLANG*

"Jesus—!"

As he awkwardly scratched his cheek, Jaune watched the old man scream a slew of invective through clenched teeth. The hammer lay on the floor, the chisel bent in half, with the old man holding a shaking and reddened hand. The spot on the shield he had tried to beat flat experienced zero changes to its shape.

"I warned you," Jaune said, receiving an admonishing look from Fischl who was helping to soothe the old man.

"What is that thing made of, kid!?"

"Some decent steel, some magical ores. The usual stuff." He didn't bother hiding it, because...

"Ugh, you are just reeking of corpo bullshit. This a new product coming out? A prototype, maybe? Ah, whatever. I'll crack it."

"I… would rather you didn't? I brought it here to have it repaired, you know."

"Shut up and follow me, wiseass."

The owner of the shop brought them to a backroom, a big space equipped with heavy machinery. A few, he recognized. His world had them. Others looked more at home in sci-fi comics, with robotic arms tipped with saw blades, drills, and other miscellaneous functions. One by one, they awoke with the flip of a switch.

"The price I quoted you?" The old man secured the shield onto a bench with clamps, and strapped a set of goggles over his eyes. "I'm tripling that—"

"Sure thing." Money was no object if it could put his shield to rights. He loved that thing.

"For a start," the old man finished the sentence. "Any of my stuff wears out on this mystery metal of yours and you'll be paying for that, too. They weren't meant for moon rocks or whatever."

Jaune considered the state of his wallet, and the expensive-looking equipment. He cringed hard, but ultimately nodded.

"I'll take that bet."

A clanking cacophony soon filled the workshop, along with curses and wails. Broken bits of tools began to litter the floor. Jaune's bill ticked upward at a steady pace.

To get his mind away from the looming expenditure, Jaune brought his companions out to the back of the building, past the fences. A quick talk with one of the employees on break, plus money to grease the grease monkey's palm, had provided him with a set of targets crafted from scrap metal and painted with concentric circles. He set them at different distances out in the sandy waste they called the Badlands.

"Alright, that should be good enough," Jaune said after planting the last one and returning to the others. "Fischl, I leave myself in your hands."

The girl preened, chin tilted up and hands on her hips. She seemed quite taken with the idea of being the teacher this time around.

"Why certainly," she said, tossing her hair with a flick of her hand, "and I must commend you for your keen wisdom. Magic is only as powerful as its practitioner, and relying upon its whimsy an inevitably doomed foolishness. The boon of felicity oft wears thin at the most inconvenient of times. True skill shall guide you much further."

Jaune snapped a salute. "Yes, ma'am!"

Fischl squirmed, delighted.

"A-Ahem. In any case, you have done well to come to me. In all the lands, ne'er would you find another legendary marksman as I." She walked to the side, giving him plenty of space. "Let us commence with a trial. Fear not, for I shan't judge you harshly." She pointed at the furthest target, took another look at him, then changed her mind and moved it over to one of the easier ones. "Bring forth thy weapon of choice, and empty its quiver into the target over yonder. Do not use your so-called 'marksmanship' magic."

Heeding the order, Jaune whipped out his hand. A double-action revolver with a proper heft to it materialized, and he let it sing.

Blam, blam, blam, blamblam, blam!

"Heh."

The revolver spun in lazy circles, twirled around his index finger. Jaune closed his eyes, a satisfied smile on his lips.

Fischl piped up from her spot, ""My word! Oz, doth mine eyes deceive me?"

"No, Mein Fräulein. It has indeed, as they say, struck the eye of the bull."

"How splendid, Jaune! Why, I could not have done it better myself!" Then, after a beat. "A shame about the other five bolts…"

Yeah. Sigh.

"You don't have to say it. I wanted to ask you for tips on leading my shots, but it's looking like I have more problems than that."

Fischl held her chin in thought. "Well…" The girl coaxed him into a shooting stance, walking around and around him to study his form. "I do not understand much of this 'gonne' thing you use, so I can scarcely comment on the proper technique." She stopped before him. "That said, what I did see was a lack of rhythm."

"Rhythm?" He cocked his head.

"Yes. Here, allow me to demonstrate."

An ornate bow resembling a raven's dark wings appeared in her hands, and she turned to face the targets. With a deep breath, Fischl set into motion. Like always, she moved like no archer Jaune had ever seen.

A ballet twirl, and the bow drew back, letting loose. The arrow punctured the closest target, dead center on the bullet hole Jaune made. Her heels then slid apart, with Fischl dropping to a knee with one leg stretched forward. At the lowest point, the bowstring tugged back and snapped with a melodic note, almost like a harpstring. An arrow found its way to the second target. Fischl was already up in the air with a hop. Her body rotated a full circle, bow drawn. The bow swept from left to right, and the moment the arrowhead lined up with the furthest bullseye, she let it fly. Thwack, the distant sound reached them.

Fischl landed on the ground to a wave of applause, and after dismissing her bow she curtsied in the direction of Jaune and Oz. A charming smile lit up her face.

"Rhythm," she said. "We stand on a stage, and each battle is our performance. This is the way I have learned my craft." Her hands fidgeted together as she struggled to find the words to explain herself better.

"You barely seem to be aiming," Jaune observed. "Are you sure you aren't using magic?"

"I assure you, it is a result of tireless practice," Oz chimed in. "Milady was very insistent that her archery must look as impressive as possible to an audience."

"Oz, cease thy prattling!" Fischl squeaked, red creeping onto her cheeks.

Haltingly, the girl expressed to him how the dance-like movements served their purpose, allowing her just the right amount of time to calculate the variables that went into shooting an arrow, without overthinking it. The swiftness of the dance keyed her to certain shooting positions, whose short window forced her to commit, no chance to second–guess. In all, they formed an artificial mix of pressures to stimulate action, and as a result brought about maximum focus. She deliberately made things more difficult as part of her approach to archery.

Confidence lay at its core. Fischl moved as a dancer on a stage, and so believed she was a dancer on a stage. She centered herself through the performance.

Jaune wasn't about to do anything like that, the beginner that he was, but it did give him a point to start from. He spent the next hour under Fischl's guidance, learning the principles of shooting as taught by a princess and her bird. A curriculum he suspected would not be found in any official program or school of thought.

He managed to clip a target with two bullets. It might have been an accident.

And then, it was his turn to be the teacher.

"Both hands stay on the gun, alright? It isn't the same as with a bow," he said to his student as she aimed down the sights of the revolver. Her stance was probably far from picture-perfect, considering he wasn't that sure on what a correct gun-handling stance looked like, but it served well enough. Aura meant that recoil factored a little less in the equation unless they were talking about a proper, two-handed cannon of a rifle.

Fischl had flipped up her eyepatch to unleash her forbidden eye. It should see her learning speed improve manifolds, from the explanation he got. Not to mention a better aim due to what she called acute prescience, in her words a metaphysical ability inherent to her bloodline that lets her extrapolate the myriad paths a projectile might take several seconds into the future.

It sounded like aiming, but apparently was not.

Blam!

The bullet pinged off a target.

"YES!" Fischl cheered, throwing her hands in the air. "I did it! Jaune, did you see!? I got it on the first try!"

"Good shot," he praised. "It looks like your skill at archery is translating well to this. How did the gun feel? Not too strange?"

The girl shook her head, still bouncing on her heels and over the moon.

"It's a little heavy, and I can't help but sense an anger harbored within this metal shell, but I am confident I can bind the 'gonne' to my will. Soon, you shall watch me 'lay down fire' and 'pop a cap' with the best of them!"

"...Where did you learn those phrases?"

"On the streets. Why?"

Fischl seemed to be taking to modern life quickly. That was good, he supposed.

"Although… these guns are very loud, aren't they?" Fischl said with a small frown, rubbing an ear.

Jaune smacked a hand to his forehead. "Oh, right. So, you're probably going to get used to that. I did. Until then, give this a try."

With a gesture, a set of headphones popped into existence, and he placed it on her head.

Fischl blinked at him, before her eyes trailed upward.

"I have a bunch of these, and I've no idea what to do with them. Take one."

The cat ears atop Fischl's head twitched.


Author's Notes: Yeah, sure, that's totally how the Sandevistan works and David shooting up his veins with that much blood and accelerating them isn't going to backfire in any way.
.
And in Brockton Bay, Vista the hero whined and raged, for she sensed that somewhere out there a responsible adult had just handed a gun to a little blonde girl, and that girl wasn't her.
Last edited: Apr 3, 2026
Stories:
QQ Sneaking His Way into the Multiverse , a RWBY Jaune, WC-lite mechanics story.
Other RWBY stories on AO3 or FF - Yakuza Arc | Conquered Menagerie: Annals of the Sixth Kingdom | Cat, Bunny, and the Good Ship Honey Starbright | The Agent
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Amdiranifani, Amrynel, WinterPhoenix and 424 others
LazyAutumnMoon
Apr 3, 2026
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 77: Just Another Night City No Good End
View content
LazyAutumnMoon
LazyAutumnMoon
We all need Sundancer in our life.
JoinedJun 7, 2024
Messages289
Likes received68,284
Apr 10, 2026
Add bookmark
#6,804

Chapter 77: Just Another Night City No Good End
​


An arrow made of light arced across the field.

It struck a security turret installed at the entrance of a sprawling, windowless complex set in an industrial park that had seen better days. Unable to pierce the metal plating, it did nothing to stop the contraption from spewing bullets at the trespassers huddled behind a low wall. That was, until the arrow exploded in a shower of electrifying sparks that wreaked havoc all throughout the mechanical device's internals. A hiss, a soft pop, and the turret fell dead with little fanfare, hanging limply from the ceiling as it shared in the fate of its brothers.

Fischl might have struck a pose at this point, surely a cool one… but unfortunately for her, half her audience were already in motion. Jaune and Bennett raced across the yard toward the building's entrance. The exterior of the place was nothing to write home about, worn down and surrounded by empty lots that saw not a single sign of life. Its doors laid wide open, a trap if Jaune ever saw one.

He dove straight into it. Bennett followed half a step behind. Jaune had the Red Rook shield strapped to his arm while the other boy wielded the shield to Crocea Mors, which provided him better protection than his wooden buckler. They entered a large room with a squat ceiling, barren save for a counter on the opposite side and a few concrete pillars. Of the light fixtures, one remained working, down to its last leg with a flickering bulb. Something moved in the gloom.

"Left," Jaune called out.

"Right!" Bennett answered.

They peeled off to their respective directions, with Jaune shaking his head at the obvious mistake Bennett just committed. Always, always go left. He had no time to admonish the other boy, as not a second later bullets slammed into the floor where they had previously stood. They each found cover behind one of the concrete pillars.

Above them, cameras tracked their progress. The outside, too, had been lousy with them. Stealth had gone out the window since minute one due to that. The question on Jaune's mind now was, who looked back at him from the other side? He could practically feel the hostile, hateful gaze behind the lens watching his every move.

A flash of movement occurred at the corner of his eye. He whipped around, but by that point, a certain felyne hitching a ride on his back had sprung into action, leaping through the air to latch onto the figure.

"Jaune! It's one of those weird-weird people!" the cat reported after getting a closer look.

"A robot," he corrected, kicking out to tilt the muzzle of the gun that the humanoid robot was holding toward the ceiling. "It's just a toy. Have fun, Escha!"

With a smack of her boomerang, the head of the mechanical soldier snapped to the side. Escha then went to town on the unliving foe. A distance away, Bennett was dispatching his own robot.

Jaune left them to it, tilting his chin down to speak into the phone hanging off his neck, needing to shout as streams of bullets crashed against the pillar at his back. "Tattletale, we're in the lobby. You can start moving up but take care, alright?" He peeked out of cover, and quickly pulled back his head as concrete shattered under a spray of lead. "A squad of robots is heading for us, and there were two waiting next to the door to shoot anybody coming in."

The voice of his partner came over the line, sounding all too smug. "An ambush? That sounds too sophisticated for an automated defense system. Another fixer must have managed to pull together a guard detail for the cargo. I told you so."

"Excuse me, did I disagree when you brought it up back then?" he retorted good-naturedly. Most would find his attitude too chipper for the situation he was in. "Anyway, the turrets have a clear sight of the door, so I'll take care of them—"

"Up, bup, bup. Hold it, mister!" Tattletale scolded. "Remember your role. Leave the right person to do the right job. Fischl, go."

Time passed. The pillar behind him slowly turned from a thick, heavy column to a skinny stick ready to collapse. Jaune hummed a tune under his breath as he waited, the clanking footsteps of the robots growing ever louder.

He then heard Tattletale's tinny voice coming over the phone, as if she was holding a conversation with someone else.

"Maybe you can, I dunno, shorten the chant? Just a little? No rush or anything."

"Oh shoot, is that what Fischl is doing?" he asked. "You really should have put her on speakers so we don't miss it."

An arrow crackling with electricity lanced past the entrance to punctuate the statement. One of the turrets promptly fried from the inside, while Fischl's back hit the pillar next to Bennett. She had a new arrow nocked in her bow. Oz flew into the room, weaving around the pillars to present a difficult target, and that was all the distraction she needed to take out the second turret with another shocking blast. Jaune saw his opening to charge out of cover, [Third Arm] sending him right into the robots' midst. They fell in short order, sliced to pieces.

The door at the far end slid open, and a new squad trooped in with guns blazing. The bottom edge of his shield hit the ground, with him hunkering behind it to weather the hail of bullets.

"Oz," he yelled. "Divebomb them for me!"

None of the robots aimed for the raven. Unlike the turrets, their targeting program or however they determined a threat seemed to not yet register the bird as a foe, and Oz used that advantage to the fullest. His wings tucked in and he swooped down to the height of their red cyclops eyes, where he unleashed a storm of electricity. Many of the robots very quickly began to stutter and spasm, emitting smoke. The remaining ones turned toward Oz, a chance for Jaune to zip into range.

His shield vanished to let him grab one by the head. It refused to enter his Pocket, so he threw it at another unit, skewering both on his sword. Summoning a spare handgun, he shot the furthest robot from him. Two rounds plinked off the thing's chest, one missed entirely, with a fourth tearing through the face to destroy it for good. An arrow took the last robot offline, with it twitching in place until he bisected it from head to navel.

He tried popping the broken heap into his Pocket, and this time it worked. He tossed the scraps aside again.

"We have a door open, Tattletale," he said over line. "Looks like it leads to the main building, not the offices. Do you think we should go that route?"

Tattletale's voice came from behind him, the girl having entered the room at the tail end of the fight. "We might as well." She checked their surroundings for further threats before striding closer to him. His eyes flicked up to her fox ears, then back to her face. She probably hadn't noticed, right? "If there are people protecting our target, then they won't leave it lying around out here. That data server is probably being kept in the deepest parts. Watch out, though."

Behind her visor, Tattletale's eyes narrowed as she squinted at the space past the doors.

"That's a pretty long hallway with no obstructions, and I'm seeing old bullet marks on the wall and floor."

Jaune got the point she was driving at. "They have more defenses set up, then. Maybe all throughout the building. Noted."

He limbered up, and walked right in.

As warned, a single step into the hallway and two security turrets deployed from the ceiling. They had twin barrels extending out of a complicated arrangement that bore little resemblance to a gun. Painted black, each was stamped with the Arasaka brand.

He could have shot them both out before they got going, via a quick application of his wonderful 'marksmanship'. He opted instead to advance with his shield raised to draw fire, leaving his team to handle the rest. They did not disappoint, twin explosions ringing out not even a second apart to destroy the two turrets.

"Nice work, Fischl," he called back in praise.

But then, upon turning around, his smile slipped off his face. Above his team, a panel was in the middle of sliding open. It shared the same raised plate design as the other turret cubbyholes, attached to the ceiling and difficult to spot in the low light.

Now that was just devious.

Tattletale stole the warning from his lips. "Up!" she cried, and near instantly Bennett jumped. The boy understood nothing of the reason, had not even looked until he was halfway to the ceiling. Once he caught sight of the turret, he rammed his sword into the mechanism, and with a whine the turret powered down in a flawless execution.

"Ghhh!"

Bennett tugged on his sword, to no avail. It was stuck fast in the turret. The boy continued to hang several feet off the ground, kicking his legs. All that effort led nowhere, and he soon gave up to dangle limply off the sword handle. Below, Tattletale pointed and laughed.

A flawless execution with a slight hiccup when sticking the landing, then. All told, Jaune marked it down as a success. Half the point of accepting this job was to let Bennett and Fischl get a taste of the work he was doing around here, and moreover to learn how to deal with modern world threats. In his view, they were excelling at it in a splendid fashion.

The hallway limited itself to one entrance and one exit. Given little choice, they headed into the next room where they found a factory floor. Of sorts.

The space was about the size of a Beacon classroom, occupied by a row of office desks on one end with factory equipment on the other. The equipment and its accompanying conveyor belts appeared entirely self-contained.

"What were they even making here?" Jaune asked. He might not understand much about business, but he thought the point of automation was to scale bigger.

Tattletale wandered over to the conveyor belt, peeking into the opening where the belt fed into the machine. "Specialized parts, I would think. Maybe ghost guns. Didn't you say that they were contracted for military work, according to Wakako? Keep an eye out for anything valuable."

Jaune placed his hand on one of the machines. "Does this count?"

Tattletale rummaged through her belt for the Company scroll.

"Ehhhh, it's not showing up." She gave the bottom of the machine a light kick. "I guess because it's bolted to the floor and counts as part of the building."

Probably was not worth much, anyway. Losing interest, Jaune turned away, in the process summoning a gun and with hardly a thought unloading the whole clip into the security turret that was sneakily extending out of its cubbyhole. He spotted a camera in the corner swiveling to track him. Feeling cheeky, he blew it a kiss.

On the other side of a set of metal doors came the steady footsteps of mechanical soldiers. This time, he did not wait for them to arrive.

"Hey, Bennett. Want to do something cool?" A mental ping to his Pocket, and a small, cylindrical can popped into his hand as Bennett scurried closer.

"You know it, boss! What are we doing?" The boy eyed the door, and shifted his grip on his sword, ready for battle. He then blinked as Jaune snatched away the weapon, trading it for the can. "Um…"

"When I open the door, all you need to do is throw this. I already activated it, so don't hold on for too long, alright?"

Another "Ummm…" indicated Bennett's enthusiastic reply. Probably.

"Get ready, and 3! 2! 1!"

Jaune pulled on the door handle to reveal a host of glowing red eyes staring right at Bennett. Poor, weaponless Bennett, who in great alarm immediately lobbed the object given to him, which went to show that everybody no matter the era they live in had the natural instinct to set things on fire dwelling within their heart. The door shut right as the grenade engulfed the robots in an explosion. A light rumble rattled the door frame.

After waiting a few seconds, Jaune cracked the door open and stuck his head out to check the state of the corridor.

"Huh, looks like we have a few left," he said, studying the half-broken scraps trying to move. The scene rather creeped him out, what with the torsos dragging across the ground and the shambling headless bodies. Another grenade appeared. "Hey, Fischl. Want to do something cool?"

The robots ceased moving soon after that.

Room after room, corridor after corridor, they delved deeper into the factory. The building's defenses folded under their advance. The layout of the place worked in their favor, containing encounters to small skirmishes that never managed the level of firepower needed to overwhelm them.

Meanwhile, the robots made for great practice dummies, clearly inhuman foes that Fischl and Bennett could fire a gun at without much qualms. Jaune didn't think he could get them to point those weapons at a person with any serious intent, though; Tattletale was teaching them to shoot for the knees.

"We're in a combat situation, that makes them my students. Butt out, please."

"You're biased, so no."

"Can I have one?" Escha asked.

""No way!"" exclaimed both Jaune and Tattletale.

The felyne grumbled and sulked off to hang out with Fischl instead of them.

"Well, now I feel guilty."

"Don't you dare cave. She's faking it," Tattletale revealed, before shoving him around the corner to face a hail of bullets. He returned a minute later to wave everyone forward. "Anyway, something is strange about all of this."

"In what way?" he asked, leading the party down a corridor with doors on one side. Glass windows allowed him to look within the offices. The personal effects had been taken away in a rather hasty fashion, with a fair amount of papers and assorted other pieces of junk strewn about. The furniture remained intact, with computers sitting on desks, the chairs pushed in.

Tattletale indicated a computer, which seemed to have booted up from a reset. "How about the fact that the whole place is active. At first I thought they used the location because it was convenient, and maybe hacked their way into gaining some control, but no, they fully turned on the building to power the defenses. For the utilities to still work in an 'abandoned' factory? That takes more than a bit of finders keepers could arrange."

"They own the factory," he guessed. "Whoever is paying for this security team, I mean."

"Exactly. Combine that with everything you destroyed and the cost for a group of mercs, it adds up to a pretty hefty bill. What is in that data server that is worth so much?"

"Maybe we'll get an answer somewhere ahead."

They did not.

Somebody had moved the unit.

"You've got to be kidding me," Jaune groaned, studying the spot Tattletale pointed out. The dust there showed the outline of a rectangle on the tiles, left not long ago. The dimensions of it compared to that of a refrigerator, perhaps.

"It's been barely five minutes since they evacuated," Tattletale informed him.

Further away, Fischl gestured to a series of cracks on the floor leading out of the room they were in and toward a different part of the factory. "Our thief surely harbors the fell strength of a dozen men, for the artifact we have long sought after sits heavy upon their shoulders."

"Or maybe they're a fatty," suggested Tattletale as she pushed up from a kneeling position to scan the room, a central control hub of some kind populated by banks of computer monitors. The air in here measured several degrees lower than elsewhere in the building, likely to help cool the row of computer hardware stacked along one wall. Her gaze focused on one monitor in particular. "It was part of the plan," she remarked softly. "They weren't confident in facing us head on, so they deployed forces to draw us in the direction they wanted. That lets them predict what time we will arrive."

"And thus, the craven fools were able to vanish into the darkness," Fischl chimed in. A sigh, and she pressed the back of her wrist to her forehead. "Alas, hubris shall spell their end. To the sovereign of Immernachtreich, the dark is but another shade of light. Mine eye sees all."

Contrary to the solemn tone, Fischl struggled to hide her eagerness. The girl drifted over to the set of footprints, fidgeting as she waited for someone to follow after her. She was sorely disappointed as Tattletale ignored her to head toward a glowing monitor.

"This is the computer they were using," Tattletale pointed out. "This controls the security system, at least from here."

The idea struck him. "We can trace their route on the cameras!"

"Ideally, yeah." Tattletale leaned down to look at the screen. "It looks like they logged out. Hehe, that's cute, thinking it'll work."

Her eyes roamed the work station around the computer. She opened a drawer, glancing inside. A bullet casing rested next to the keyboard that she played with.

"Military type, obviously. Who else to run security? Strict organization of drawer, knows opsec. No cameras in the room, they're the paranoid type. The password is more likely to be randomized and not a date or name, but chances are good there's a pattern if they—he has to input a complicated string of text from memory every day for opsec. Southpaw, so we all know what that means."

Jaune raised a finger in objection. "I don't. What does it mean?"

"Shoosh. I'm working. Q or W to start. First pattern, authoritative yet brusque personality means he'll want to make it snappy but not so short that it feels like he's dumb. Letter-letter-letter-number-letter lets him remember it as a word, and if the first string ends with Y, then it won't repeat but shifts to the right. Worn down key, it is Y. Bullet casing suggests sniper. Q-a-R-2-Y, quarry, it makes him feel strong. Then, next one has to be a number, 8 or 9, never 0. It's 8. Number of kills, maybe? Creepy. No, wait, he quit the army young. He feels guilty. 9."

Bennett sidled over to Jaune. "Is she… okay?"

"She does that, don't worry about it," he answered airily, quite engrossed as he listened to what appeared at first to be a stream of nonsense. "I'll explain to you what a password is later, but trust me, she's practically weaving a magic spell right now."

Leaning on the adjacent desk, he watched the login box on the screen fill up one by one with characters. Escha climbed on the table to poke her head in and catch a view of what was happening, oohing and ahhing despite not understanding anything going on here. She almost fell off the edge as the screen performed an abrupt change to display a series of programs and windows.

"Q-a-R-2-Y-9-u-N-D. Quarry gunned. He could have at least made it difficult," Tattletale 'complained' to him, and with the fox ears on her head, her grin looked decidedly vulpine. Her glances lingered, and Jaune knew just what she was expecting.

"That was amazing!" he exclaimed, applauding. Frantic signals with his eyes got the others to follow suit, piling on praises for her feat of hacking. Tattletale basked in it without a lick of shame.

A toss of her hair, and she began manipulating the various windows. Turrets shut down. Robots returned to standby. Cameras blinked out one after another as she narrowed down the route taken by the person transporting the data server unit.

A stuttering on the screen brought her efforts to a grounding halt. Tattletale ceased tapping the keyboard, and hearing her curse under her breath put him on alert.

"What happened?" he asked.

"Everything I've shut down is turning back on. Somebody else is in the system. A netrunner." The screen then blurred with how fast the blinking, flashing windows opened and closed. Tattletale slammed her hand on the keyboard, doing jack all. "I knew they abandoned this place too easily."

A cartoonish icon appeared, superimposed over the ongoing tasks. Jaune spotted the angular, feline-like eyes first, then the tongue sticking out in mockery. The overall shape resembled a smiley face, except…

He leaned over for a closer look, putting his face before the screen.

"Is that a slice of kiwi?"

The icon vanished in a blink of an eye, swapped to a camera view. It seemed to be from a computer monitor, because he could see two people looking back from the other side.

"Kiwi, what the hell? Why did you do that!?"

"...Hi."

Jaune glanced over to the woman with iridescent hair, Lucy, who looked quite panicked with sweat running down her brow as she berated the person front and center on the screen. That person, who Jaune ran into earlier in the week and was identified in Tattletale's briefing as a netrunner named Kiwi, ignored her teammate. She shared the same angular yellow eyes with red irises as the earlier cartoon icon, but there was no mocking tongue blowing a raspberry. Instead, a mask covered the woman's lower face. Red, to match the coat she wore.

The last time he saw her, she had been rather distressed about her broken mask. There was none of that unease now with the facepiece repaired. It registered to Jaune that she had been addressing him.

Tattletale facepalmed as he raised his hand in a small wave.

"Hi?"

A shove to budge him aside, and Tattletale reclaimed some room for herself in front of the computer. Her attitude changed from one moment to the next, falsely cheerful.

"Hey there! Martinez's crew contracted with the other side of this job, then? I don't suppose we can come to a compromise? Those robots had to cost a pretty penny- a pretty eddie."

This subject appeared to put Lucy back on steadier footing. Through a difficult expression, she scoffed. "Too bad, but we're not the ones paying for it. There's an entire army of them that we can throw at you. Look, you get how it works. Here's our offer: you call it quits, and we let you walk out of here alive."

A laugh was the answer she got. "I can smell the lies even from here," Tattletale crooned. "How many of the robots did my team take out of commission? 25%? 50%? More. You're not in a very good position, are you?" She raised her voice to be better heard. "You can park that data server where you've got it now and take a hike, and I'll tell my partner here to not shove a sword up your ass. That's my counteroffer."

At the crass tone, Lucy frowned. She replied, likewise increasing her volume, "What a joke." A boxy object floated into view, a police drone. The point was made. They had more where that came from.

Tattletale did not see it as such. A roll of her eyes conveyed her disdain, or at least the appearance of disdain.

"You'd need hundreds"—her grin widened—"and you don't have hundreds. But there's still a decent-sized force, isn't there? You have to have a place to put them. Where, oh where, could you be? And where is your boytoy? I didn't catch news of him croaking after his trip, but it had to have been a close call."

On the screen, Lucy stiffened. "He's fine," was her instant reply. Her arms then crossed, and she recovered her composure to give Tattletale a smirk. "Nothing people do can keep him off his feet for long. David is amazing like that. Look down on him and he might just flatline you one of these days."

As Lucy spoke, Tattletale's expression shifted to a more contemplative one. "What's—" She paused, and tried again. "What's the deal with him? I can tell when something is up, and—" She stopped once more, now turning to the side. "Jaune, can you pretty please shut up and focus?"

Jaune and Kiwi broke off their budding conversation about the upcoming festival, which according to Kiwi had some very good food if you knew where to find them. The rapport he was trying to build, which could have seen an actual compromise come about between their two teams in this situation, died in a fire. He sent Tattletale an annoyed look for that. On her end, Kiwi mirrored the action with her teammate, who had taken a grip of Kiwi's shoulder.

Tattletale feigned wiping sweat from her brow, and turned back to the screen. "Ahh, blessed silence. Seriously, how many packs of smokes do you have to go through to fuck up your voice like that?"

"Tattletale!" Jaune snapped. Around the room, the rest of his team jolted at the sudden harsh note. Of course, it bore little fruit with the supervillainess, who had faced bigger and badder than him.

"What? I can't be the only one weirded out—wait a minute." Tattletale pressed her face closer to the screen. "Oh. Oh geeze, my bad." She sounded contrite…ish. No, not really. "Sooo, I hear medical technology is pretty good these days."

Now was Jaune's turn to facepalm, with Bennett and Fischl cringing. Even Escha covered her eyes.

"I am so sorry, please don't mind her," he said. "And Tattletale, it's not our business. Don't pry into it."

He didn't dare look at the woman on the screen. Only, when Kiwi spoke, he heard no anger or sadness in her artificial voice.

"You… didn't tell her?"

"About your mouth?" One of his hands waved aimlessly, the other continuing to cradle his head. "It wouldn't feel right after seeing you hide it like that. There's already the chance of us killing each other, no need to make the grudge personal." That was reserved for things that needed to be dead.

"Huh."

Kiwi leaned forward to draw his attention, and propped a hand under her chin as she studied him. Her eyes narrowed, lacking rancor.

"I have to agree with you, even if some among my team don't care to. 'Don't take it personally' is pretty much rule two in the merc business," she remarked, brushing her hair behind an ear.

He perked up. "Really?"

That was a first in this world. People got so angry over the littlest thing.

"Mmhm. Less hassle that way." Was it him, or was Kiwi fidgeting? "So, look, I wouldn't be opposed to… working off any bad feelings between our teams with you, if it helps. For the sake of our teams."

Slowly, Jaune tilted his head. The way Kiwi phrased that did not sound very innocent.

Behind Kiwi, Lucy facepalmed, the third person to do so in as many minutes. With a flash of light from her eyes, the computer screen went blank to leave Jaune staring into his reflection.

"I think she was offering to have sex with me."

"Goddammit, Jaune. Her job is to kill you. How do you even get into this situation?"

"Don't ask me! I literally said two sentences to her before today!"



-o-
​


Unfortunately, when he next faced the edgerunners, it was not someone so agreeable as Kiwi that he ran into. A shotgun blast smashed into his shield the very moment he kicked open the door to the main factory floor of the sprawling complex. Over the edge of the shield, he spied the woman called Rebecca situated in a cold, damp room filled with factory equipment and conveyor belts, an angry, fun-sized package ready to take it out on him. In addition to her, robots scattered across the floor and the upper catwalk. Drones swarmed like bugs in the air. Every single one was facing in his direction.

There was a reason he put the others, and especially the new members of his team, far back for this one. With confirmation of who was in the building, he had made the executive decision to change their approach. Humor faded away, and Jaune marched into the room drawing his sword.

A kick against the floor activated his rockets, putting him high above as drones and robots unloaded their combined arsenal to obliterate the spot where he once stood, the noise rattling the room. Among them, Rebecca was the fastest to track him, dropping on her back to aim that oversized shotgun rifle she favored his way. The gun roared, the bullets smashing through the drones in between her and Jaune in order to reach him. By then, he was already gone, diving into the thickest grouping of robots.

He landed on one, driving it into the concrete with both feet. His sword whipped out to slice through a trio of its brethren, more raw strength than technique. Amidst the crush of metallic bodies, defense was unnecessary, and his shield popped away to let him grab one of the robots by the arm. With a shout, he swung it as a club, bashing it into another target and reducing both to scraps. Kicking out to break a leg, he rolled that robot over his back to block incoming fire from the drones above. A thought toward his Pocket, and a grenade now balanced on the tip of his boot. He flicked it upward.

The resulting explosion wiped out a number of drones, and unbalanced many more. Their parts rained down on the room.

"Oh fuck, oh fuck! David, where are you?" Rebecca shouted, speaking to the empty air. "Get over here already, choom!" She punctuated that with another shotgun blast. Jaune willed the Geo shield into being to take the brunt of the attack, the rest of it cracking harmlessly against a suit of armor that vanished as suddenly as it had appeared on him. [Third Arm] launched out to slingshot him at her, and Rebecca yelped, diving behind a piece of factory equipment. He arrived to find her scurrying under a conveyor belt, the last thing he saw her hand flipping him the bird before she ducked out of sight.

His problems extended to more than just her, so he put the edgerunner aside. Staying with the momentum, he crashed into a robot to bring the both of them to the floor, rolling to launch into the air on his rocket boots. Crocea Mors sliced through a slew of drones with little resistance. Up here, he had no cover and his opponents punished him for it. Jaune armored up again as a wall of bullets slammed into him. Something told him it wasn't Kiwi operating these guys.

His back hit the ground. He bounced, rolled, turned that into more momentum that sent him shooting behind the cover of hardy factory equipment. A second later, he emerged from the other side, armorless so as to not encumber, the rifle Ruhm in his grip. A reckless burst of gunfire unerringly found their marks, cutting down many of the robots stationed on the catwalk. He never slowed for a single moment. Faster, faster, faster was the thought at the forefront of his mind. In quick succession, broken metal sparked, detonated, or fell silent where they stood. There might someday be an age of machine warfare, but that wasn't today, nor here.

Rebecca soon resurfaced with her shotgun steadied over the top of a cutting machine. A juke left got her to pull the trigger, a shadowy arm tugging him to the right let him evade without a scratch. Ruhm swung around, forcing her back into hiding. Bang, bang, the rounds struck metal.

The phone around his neck crackled. "Jaune, are you still okay on your own in there?" Tattletale asked, trying for a carefree tone. "Should we come in?"

Sliding into cover at the center of the room, he said in between shallow, rapid breaths, "The most troublesome one hasn't shown up yet. Give it a minute. I want their attention on me."

The strange humming sound that drones emitted gave him early notice of their approach. Twirling Ruhm, he locked it into position with the barrel straight up and began blasting the things as they showed their presence. Some missed, some found their mark. The bullets pierced straight through this side of the Geo shield he erected yet those that were fired at him stopped short, a quirk he had come to appreciate. Over the phone, Tattletale whined about him giving her tinnitus one of these days.

Her voice faded to the background as darkness fell over Jaune.

The eye-searing yellow jacket was the first thing to register, as always. It had dogged his steps all throughout Night City. The rest snapped into focus a beat later. Jaune looked up, up, up, and up again at the hulking frame of David Martinez.

Grown bigger and taller since last they met, the other boy's skin seemed to stretch tight over his frame. Heavy breaths billowed out uncomfortably warm air onto Jaune's skin. They fogged, almost steamed, in the cold air of the room, set to an uneven rhythm that sounded off to his ear. Martinez appeared rather unwell.

"Ahhh…" the edgerunner groaned as if in pain, ending with the touch of a snarl.

Jaune saw it then, the frothing rage etched onto Martinez's visage. What he faced was a little less than a man, a little more of a beast. The edgerunner wielded a shotgun, and without hesitation he brought it down as a club. Too slow by half, in Jaune's eyes. He batted it aside with a fist to give himself an opening. Ruhm swapped for Crocea Mors, the blade lancing forward.

The sword whiffed air, and Jaune went from standing on the ground to blasting down the aisle. His chest felt like it had been struck by a cannonball. David Martinez roared.

"Gonna fuck your cOrPo ass up, chOom! Don't you ever hurt Rebecca!"

Again, with the corpo this and corpo that. And what was up with his voice for a moment there? Jaune endured the pain in his chest, trusting that with Aura it would soon ebb. He jammed his hand against the floor, fingers scraping on concrete to bleed off momentum so that he could twist his body to plant his feet back on solid ground, sliding to a stop.

His eyes rose to meet that of David Martinez, a long stretch of distance between them. Around the room, the remaining drones and robots shifted their formation on new orders to accommodate the edgerunner. Martinez had thrown off his jacket. Where his muscles ended and metal began, Jaune had trouble telling the difference. The edgerunner almost vibrated in place, barely restrained from charging forward and committing murder.

Jaune stood up. Ruhm returned to him. He checked the ammo magazine, a simple brush of his hand trading the half-spent clip for a fresh one that he clicked into place.

"You're a dangerous guy," he remarked as he took a step forward. "A real tiger."

And in the jungle…

Jaune swung the rifle up. His other hand used the motion as cover to summon an object, hooking a finger into the pin and pulling. The object vanished then reappeared further down, touching the ground just behind the heel of his boot.

The barrel of Ruhm centered on Martinez, between the eyes. Jaune fired the shot, and hoped that it wouldn't hit, because—

The impact to his chin brought a welcomed relief. He had been counting on that aggression. Flung into the air, he heard the grenade go off below, along with David Martinez's screams. That could have been him. Clear across the room, the edgerunner crashed into, and through, a piece of machinery.

That was a lot further than an explosion of that size should manage. Martinez had activated his Sandevistan a second time, Jaune realized. The escape seemed to have done more damage than the grenade, for while his skin was singed, and bubbling in places, Martinez also heaved for breath like he had just sprinted a marathon with a hand clutching hard at his chest. Robots were swarming between him and Jaune to ward against an attack.

A burst of rocket exhaust stalled Jaune's fall, and he landed gently on the ground. A quick pivot put his back to an old forklift and out of the line of fire. Bullets flew past to strike the wall further down.

"Tattletale, he can activate that cyberware in shorter intervals than we previously thought," Jaune reported into his phone. "It wears him down worse than normal, though. He's a sitting duck afterward."

"Got it, let's keep that in mind but it shouldn't affect our plans," Tattletale replied. "Me and Bennett are heading off to look for the objective now. Find that Rebecca and pressure her. That should keep David too busy to chase after us. I'm sending Escha in to help. Stick to the same strategy we came up with."

The price of being predictable. David Martinez possessed a trump card, a formidable one that he relied on. Jaune had no real way to preempt it.

But then, he did not need to. Its weakness grew more apparent day by day.

Every runner had to stop at some point.

The layout of the factory floor provided less cover than he'd like, so he threw on his armor and began darting toward Martinez again, dispatching stray robots and drones as he went. The noise gave away his position, and soon lured in the trigger-happy Rebecca. He spied her amidst the machinery, glaring at him whenever their eyes met. They traded shots, neither ever quite catching the other.

"Jaune, Jaune, I'm here!" called out a voice from nearby. Escha scurried over to him, and he knelt down with a shield up for her to take cover under.

Jaune smiled. "You're right on time." He pointed. "I found Rebecca. Go get her, buddy!"

"What!?" Escha squeaked, and hunched down flat on the floor. Her fur stood on ends. "No way. Nuh-uh. That woman is crazy! She brushes me wrong and wouldn't stop!"

Felynes had their own troubles, it seemed.

Jaune pushed her forward in encouragement, while the cat scrabbled for purchase on the concrete floor in order to resist. "Come on, you can handle her no problem. I believe in you."

"I don't like her scritches. Her metal fingers are too cooold," Escha whined.

Very small, very harmless troubles. Rebecca was more likely to take it easy on Escha than on him.

A loud bang, and the ground near them transformed into a pockmarked crater courtesy of said edgerunner, putting an end to their playing around. Both Jaune and Escha tensed, and as one, they launched into action. She went low, he went high. [Third Arm] lifted him up to the catwalk, and he swung over the railings, ducking behind the metal panels lining the sides of the walkway to find a bit of reprieve as he took stock of the situation.

Martinez was up and about, recovered from his brief incapacitation. His face sported a ruddy red glow that had Jaune furrowing his brows. Something odd going on there, and he told Tattletale so.

Tattletale seemed distracted, but was very glad to hear from him judging by the happy noises he heard from the other end.

"Jaune, I might just rock your fucking world for that one!"

Yeah, like that.

Perhaps warned by his netrunners, Martinez snapped his head in Jaune's direction and unholstered the shotgun strapped to his lower back. He held it in a one-handed grip, the weight nothing to him. Jaune jumped to the side as that spot on the catwalk was shredded to pieces, and kept moving as he and the edgerunner exchanged gunfire.

Hopping over the railing, he flew a short distance before touching down in the same aisle as Martinez. Ruhm became Red Rook, and a gunlance shell blasted out of the barrel. Martinez poofed out of existence as the shell shot through him, an afterimage to mark another use of his Sandevistan, and continued on to wreak havoc among the squad of robots backing him up. Scrap metal fell to the ground, with Martinez nowhere in sight.

The other boy hadn't closed the distance, which said to Jaune that his earlier ploy had had an effect. Nobody wanted to touch a walking bomb.

"Heeey, just a head's up," Tattletale interrupted. She sounded a little winded. Was she on the move? "We're coming back to you."

He spied Martinez taking aim, and ducked. The shot went over his head. He rushed toward the edgerunner's location while replying to Tattletale.

"What happened to staying out of danger? Did you find the data server yet?"

"Eheh. We did, but…"

A leap placed him on the vantage point of the catwalk, where he caught sight of Tattletale and Bennett sprinting in from a side entrance. They looked rather in a hurry.

The wall behind them then exploded.

Debris flew every which way, the door to the side entrance cartwheeling through the air to slice a conveyer belt in half. Jaune landed between Tattletale and Bennett, and yanked them to the side just before chunks of concrete could smash into the back of their heads, flinging out a shadowy arm to drag them further away. The floor shook with the pounding footsteps of something big.

Through the dust and debris, a robot the size of a bulldozer, and painted yellow like one, rumbled into the room. It moved in a wild fashion, two long arms and two short legs coordinating without skill, never meant to run in this way, although that only worsened the destruction it wrought on any obstacle in its path. The gorilla-like robot lacked a head, but there was a small, transparent panel on its chest. Behind that lay the face of a young woman.

"Lucy!?"

That shout came from David Martinez. The appearance of his teammate seemed to have taken him by surprise. Rebecca too, as Jaune could see her from here, ceasing her struggles with the yowling felyne held in her hands to gawk at the robot.

Lucy sent the robot lumbering forward, and the light from above reflected off the tears streaming down her cheeks. She was beautiful even as she cried.

Who was responsible for this? The question needed barely a thought. Jaune looked down at the girl in his arms.

"What did you say to her?" he asked, deploying the Geo shield to block a salvo from the robots just turning the corner. He returned fire with Ruhm until it clicked empty, the shield cracking not long after.

As the rifle fell quiet, Tattletale gave a shrug. "I told her he was dying. She didn't react the way she should have." Her head shook. "Some people, I swear."

Martinez zipped across the intervening space, his passage through the room registering to Jaune as a shimmer or a trick of the light, there only for an instant. He latched onto the front of the robot, prompting it to screech to a halt, and shouted something inside about keeping back. Jaune wasted no time summoning a new gun to shoot him.

The first bullet rammed into his back, putting a dent into what turned out to be metal. The next couple of shots found their way blocked by the robot's arm, curled around Martinez to protect him, and they bounced off the thick armor after inflicting scratches on the paint. At that point, Jaune's gun, a local brand that he looted during his stay, released a spark and then fell inert. The trigger clicked uselessly.

"Stupid piece of junk." He threw the gun at a drone that had been getting too close, sending the thing careening into the wall.

"Guns here have hackable control chips inside them," Tattletale informed him. "Blame the netrunners."

"Stupid netrunners."

One of the last drones forewent shooting to dive at his head, albeit at a slow pace. He smacked it into the ground.

Kiwi must have taken offense.

Meanwhile, Martinez was oblivious to it all, listening to the girl inside the robot speak. They argued back and forth, but it was hard for Jaune to catch more than the occasional word when he still had to deal with incoming attacks. He waved his teammates back, shield raised to block gunfire from the few robots left in the room.

"I'll keep them busy. Retreat to the doors we entered from. Fischl and Oz are there. Bennett, your job is to keep Tattletale safe." His voice brooked no disagreement.

They separated into two groups, the plan in motion. Jaune focused on dispatching the enemies aiming for his team, in the process sparing a moment to send a round into Rebecca's back and out the side of her body. The short girl dropped screaming.

A rueful laugh escaped his lips as he saw Escha smash the girl on the head with a healing potion, knocking her out mid-scream in a shower of glass and green goop.

"No! NO! David, don't!"

Lucy's cries were muffled by the inches thick armor of her robot. Jaune heard it nevertheless, enough to understand the warning. In a blink, the Geo shield he had up shattered. A deafening boom ripped the Rathalos helmet he wore away, the strap running under his chin snapping. David Martinez loomed over him with his shotgun pressed to the side of Jaune's head, the muzzle still hot from the previous shot.

The veins running along the edgerunner's neck were bulging out. Jaune didn't know why he focused on that detail. Maybe to get his mind away from the fact that in less than a second he would have an entire shotgun cartridge go off right at his temple. That was going to be one hell of a headache. He tugged on his Geo element, but the shield was down for a while yet.

He could only trust that Fischl had kept his instructions close to heart all this while.

Thwack!

Jaune grinned.

The arrow lancing through the gun burst into lightning. Due to proximity, Jaune caught a portion of it, a shock that seared across his face and caused his neck to spasm. It didn't hurt as much as it could have. Fischl had held back. On him, and on Martinez.

It was fine. She need not do more. This part was on him.

The shotgun had turned into a wreck. Martinez's arm did not malfunction to the same degree as last time. The electricity hurt him, though, and badly. Smoke emitted from between the armor panels. The sparks danced up his arm and down his body, spreading out a lot further than it did for Jaune. A cybernetic body conducted electricity better, perhaps?

It worked in Jaune's favor, locking his opponent in place. He had been ready for it, and stepped in to drive the sword that was suddenly in his hand through David Martinez. The edgerunner jerked as the blade went out of his back.

"Falling for the same trick. I have teammates, you know," Jaune said, shaking his head.

Martinez made very little sound for a man who was stabbed, simply a small "Oh." His one working hand tried to grab the sword and remove it, for the good that that did. Blood seeped out from around the blade. There were rather a lot. Lucy was screaming, her robot rushing forward.

Pulling out the blade turned out to be a mistake for Jaune, because the moment the pressure ebbed, Martinez decided that he was going to bleed everywhere. Way more than a person should have for a wound of that size. Some of it splashed on him. He very quickly asked Tattletale to distract Fischl, before kicking Martinez out of sight.

No mortal blows here. This was… just a flesh wound!

That Martinez could push himself off the floor stood as a testament to his fortitude. Or maybe to cyberware safety features, Jaune didn't know much about how they function. He could respect the drive to keep fighting, however, and gawked a bit as the other boy actually put up his fist.

Lucy put a damper in that plan, cutting in between them. A mechanical arm out to ward Jaune off, she shouted to the man behind her.

"Listen for once in your life and get out of here! I'll hold him off!"

Martinez's expression, which had gone rather blank, seemed to wake up at that. "What? No, you'll die—"

"You will, if you don't get help." Lucy's eyes behind the transparent panel flicked up and down Jaune's form, the telltale glow to them suggesting she was attempting to find something, anything, she could hack.

They lingered on his chest, where the phone hung, but Jaune could still hear Tattletale speaking quickly to the others on her end so whatever Academy City security program was running seemed to be holding up against the netrunner's probings. He twirled his sword to get some of the blood off, unhurried.

"You could surrender," he suggested. "I have a few things that can deal with that injury. He'll be right as rain in a minute."

Martinez snarled, flecks of blood spitting from his mouth. "Shove it up your—"

"David!" Lucy's voice cracked. "Just go!"

Now, Martinez began to look lost. "But the gig—"

"Isn't to fight him! Take the damn server and run if it matters so much, but get out!"

Hold up.

"Wait, wait, wait, let's not be hasty here." Jaune took a step forward, holding out a hand to plead for calm. Less innocently, wisps of shadows curled around the tattoo branded on the back, with him contemplating the best moment to seize Martinez. "I can heal him if you leave that thing where it is."

Too late, Lucy knew how to get to her leader. The idea of victory, however small, managed to penetrate his stubborn skull. Martinez looked at Jaune. Jaune looked at Martinez.

And then the edgerunner was gone. [Third Arm] latched onto the empty air.

Speedsters truly were a menace. As bad as teleporters.

"Don't just stand there. Get after him!" Tattletale ordered. Her words became the signal for Lucy to spring into action. The various parts on the big robot made a rapid clicking noise as it twisted its body, throwing a punch.

A soft activation of his rockets, and Jaune flipped over the massive fist. He ended up standing atop it, the footing more solid than he expected. The arm held his weight like nothing. He wished someone had taken a picture.

From here, he got a good look at the cables and joints left exposed. The whole thing was designed that way, meant for easy maintenance and saving on cost. A piece of construction equipment that could present a threat, but was never built for battle.

He ran up the arm, and cleaved through the wires, ramming the sword into the shoulder. A twist to the side saw the blade halfway through the steel, severing the connections to the main body. Lucy swung the other arm around to try and catch him.

A simultaneous attack from Oz and Fischl's arrow locked the joints in place for Jaune to evade the blow. He jumped high, past the robot. His sword swapped to his gunlance, aimed behind him. He pulled the trigger to send an explosive shell at the robot's back, ticking the needle in his teammates' favor as they engaged Lucy in combat. Jaune hit the ground running.

Figuring out which way his quarry went took little effort. David Martinez left a trail of blood in his wake. The problem was the sheer speed he brought to bear. Jaune suspected the edgerunner had activated the Sandevistan multiple times in quick succession, because he saw neither hide nor hair of the other boy. Only blood, and more blood. In the abandoned corridors, it lent a rather creepy air.

He came across Lucy's work, too. Smashed-up walls and cracked floors. The two people's trails converged at a certain room where the dust had been disturbed, a rectangular shape on the ground marking where the data server unit sat for a while. The red splatters around it told him who had it now.

Lugging cargo couldn't be easy when in the middle of dying. He stood a real chance of catching up.

Jaune ran, flew, and slingshotted through the sprawling complex. Left, right, left, right, the corridors blew by. Judging from the blood Martinez left behind, his path was growing more erratic as time passed. His body was giving out, slowing down. The trail had gone red hot.

Bang!

He flinched at the sound, pausing for half a beat. His every nerve went on high alert.

It came from far off. A gunshot. He chose that as his heading.

The twists and turns of the factory did not make it easy, but soon he saw the open doors leading outside, and the sunlight. Jaune burst out of the building, head on a swivel for possible threats.

Under the bright afternoon sky, he found the data server unit sitting alone in an empty lot.

Beyond a pool of blood, there was no sign of David Martinez.

Author's Notes: Just another person to go missing in Night City. Who cares, right?

Very few Rebeccas are harmed in the making of this story. Just the one, really.
Stories:
QQ Sneaking His Way into the Multiverse , a RWBY Jaune, WC-lite mechanics story.
Other RWBY stories on AO3 or FF - Yakuza Arc | Conquered Menagerie: Annals of the Sixth Kingdom | Cat, Bunny, and the Good Ship Honey Starbright | The Agent
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Amdiranifani, Arkan10 and 408 others
LazyAutumnMoon
Apr 10, 2026
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 78: Just Another Night City Betrayal
View content
LazyAutumnMoon
LazyAutumnMoon
We all need Sundancer in our life.
JoinedJun 7, 2024
Messages289
Likes received68,284
Apr 18, 2026
Add bookmark
#6,950

Chapter 78: Just Another Night City Betrayal
​


With the disappearance of David Martinez, Jaune wasted no time.

…In doing nothing about it.

The data server unit, which was in fair condition if a little blood-splattered, traveled from the empty lot to Jaune's Pocket to Wakako. Payments exchanged hands, and the job closed with everyone of relevance happy. There might have been a few small details along the way, but Jaune saw no reason to think about that as it did not concern him overmuch.

The days continued, and he never encountered Martinez and his crew again. The absence of their interference saw the work Wakako sent his way proceeding in a smooth fashion. Overly so. He sometimes got an odd sense of restlessness after completing a mission, but that always faded by the end of the night. Do the job, get paid, no complications. Simple was best.

In the meantime, preparations for the Aratama-Matsuri Festival had kicked into overdrive. Tourists were pouring in. Outdoor markets, both authorized and illegal, sprang up like weeds. Day and night, it was a party on the streets of Japantown. The mood swept up everybody, him and Lisa included. From there, it had not taken long for him to make the suggestion, and for her to agree.

The mundane humdrum of paperwork and various other tasks awaiting them back in the other world could afford to sit for a while longer. They would stay past the one week mark. The cheers from the rest of their little group had cemented the decision.

In the days leading up to the festival, they each spent their free time in their own preferred way. Bennett, Fischl, and Escha stuck together, roaming from one corner of Japantown to the other. Hu Tao had put her coffin-making aside to craft paper lanterns, decrying the shoddy workmanship of the ones currently crisscrossing the roads and alleys and hanging from shop entrances. Oz took to the sky to survey the entire affair from the air.

As for what Jaune was doing during this time… Well…

"Lisa!" Jaune gasped as he laid on his back, an insatiable minx bouncing on his lap.

…he wasn't holding hands, that was for sure. The apartment, absent of its usual boisterousness, now filled with the sound of flesh slapping against flesh. Tangled in the nest of blankets and pillows set by the window, Jaune's sleeping arrangement for the past week, boy and girl fucked the afternoon away.

On hearing him moan her name, Lisa clenched down hard on his length. Her eyelashes were fluttering. Naked but for a thong pushed aside and a pair of headphones, the girl seemed in a trance, the motion entirely unconscious as she rolled her hips in a short figure-eight to tease his cock, to his immediate groan.

"Fuck! Where did you even learn that?" He hissed, almost forgetting to breathe.

A bright laugh, and Lisa resumed bouncing on him, twerking her rear up and down in a downright hypnotic pattern.

"Is my technique doing it for you~?" she teased, and she thrust out her chest as he ran his hands up her body to take two handfuls of her breasts. She eagerly pressed into the touch, squirming back and forth to really work them in his palms. "I'm not surprised. You just can't get enough of me," Lisa gasped out as he leaned up for a moment to kiss the pink tip of her breast, flicking his tongue in that way she liked.

He would argue it was the other way around. Her legs were shaking, and small whines escaped her lips every time she sank down on him. Lisa rode him with a single-minded fervor, her folds working from the tip of his cock to the very base, not letting go for an instant, as if she found no greater purpose in this life than when the warm, velvety softness of her pussy met his rigid length. The flesh of her ass slapped against his skin with a meaty smack, smack rhythm that made it hard to think.

Through the heady sensation, he managed to ground out a response, "You're one to talk. Who put me in this suit, huh? Who was the one that pounced on me the second we got home?"

His hands trailed down to her tiny waist, intending to take a firm grip of the little devil, but she slapped them away. A smug grin grew on her face as it became her turn to run her hands on his body, brushing aside the unbuttoned shirt he wore to get at his abs. She couldn't help sticking out her tongue at him. In many ways, she was so predictable.

"Oh gee, cleaning up nice and taking me out will get my panties to drop. Who woulda thunk?" she snarked. The barest hitch to her breath betrayed her fraying resistance. She would never willingly admit it, he knew. Always, always, she had to make this a competition. Who came first. Who came harder. Grabbing the loose tie wrapped around his neck, the girl pulled him in, and brought her face closer to snatch a kiss from his lips. "Don't pretend you're smooth, Jaune. People discovered that secret trick ages ago," she mocked.

Did she herself realize what using her power was doing to her? What it meant, that she would adjust her every movement, every sound she made, every so-called technique, to better please him and suit his taste? She wanted to make it a game, but in the long run the winner could only be him. Perched atop his dick, hands now on his chest for balance, the oblivious Lisa renewed the dance of her hips, going up and down, up and down with wild abandon.

"All you have is this." Smack. "Fucking." Smack. "Cock." Smack. Lisa ground her hips against his. "That's what you are, a dildo to get me off. It doesn't make you special. Now, just cum already!"

He almost did, the raw need nearly overwhelming him. His hips bucked upward to meet her, driving his length as deep inside Lisa as it could go, filling her completely. The throaty mewl that escaped her roused something in him.

He wanted to hear it again. He wanted this girl to squeal his name, beg for his cock, come undone. She drew out a different side to him in these moments.

Lisa yelped offendedly as he gave a light swat to her ass. His hand remained there, holding the full, perky cheek, grinning up to the girl shooting a 'you're in trouble, mister' look at him.

At first, he simply let the hand follow along with the movement of her bubbly rear. Little by little, it changed to him resisting her pace, and this drew a frustrated growl from the girl trying to reach her own peak. That lasted about as long as it took Lisa to realize what he was doing.

"W-Wait—" Her words cut off as, in an almost casual fashion, Jaune used the grip he had on her to swing her ass up high then brought it down again to spear her tight pussy on his cock. "Oh god~!" she cried, her eyes rolling up. Her lithe body yielded to a strength she could not hope to match, showing little defiance as Jaune repeated the motion. Up, then down. Up, then down.

The sounds of the room soon took on a new rhythm, with Lisa having no choice but to keep up. Now being bounced on his lap at a feverish pace, it was all she could do to hold herself aloft. Her legs trembled with the effort, calves no doubt burning as sweat poured down her skin. Yet, never once did she ask him to stop. For all that she demanded to take the reins, that pretension fought hard against a subby streak a mile wide.

"You sure talk big for a girl who's turning herself into my personal fleshlight," he said. "Tell me the truth, Lisa. In the last couple of weeks… have you been practicing?"

Her reply was an immediate scoff. "As if!"

It would have sounded more convincing if she didn't previously have her tongue hanging out, panting with a red-rose flush on her face.

"You had to," he accused, fighting back a laugh. Up and down he moved her, giving Lisa no reprieve. (Well, he did, but she had glared at him for that so let's pretend he didn't.) "I know this hole, Lisa. I know how it feels, how you react. You're not the only one paying attention. And I remember you having a much harder time than this." To punctuate his point, he increased the pace. Smack, smack, SMACK. The sound rooted straight to the depths of his mind, and hers. Lisa managed to just barely hold on. "You called my dick your dildo earlier, but I wonder…"

Her stricken expression said it all. Jaune undoubtedly would discover a toy hidden somewhere in the room if he looked. The thought of Lisa sticking a fake dick on a wall, bending her knees low so she could twerk on it while imagining it was him, led him to hit his limit. He pulled her close, trapping her in an embrace, cumming as Lisa continued to hump against him to milk his cock. The girl shuddered in his arms, biting on her lips to hold back a quiet mewling whine.

By chance, his hand brushed the pair of fox ears she had on her head. Mechanical devices, they lacked softness and warmth. Yet, their presence stirred an idea within him.

"You know," he murmured in her ear. His other hand slid across her plush rear, and Lisa startled as he pulled her asscheek aside, the cold air of the room grazing the newly revealed valley. Her every nerve seemed to tense as his fingers traced circles on her skin, moving closer and closer to her tight rear hole. "That must have been a pretty good workout for you, and I don't think I heard you complain even once. If this is what gets you to build your stamina up then I'd have to revise your training regimen. Less running laps, and more toys. Maybe…"

A lone finger touched the edge of her hole, tracing the ring.

"Maybe I'll start by adding a tail here, to go with those ears?" he said, and before she could respond, he teased the tip of his finger inside.

Lisa's eyes flew wide. Her body went taut.

She might be coming around his cock, but they both knew that was not what had sent her over the edge. It promised future things waiting for her in the wing.

In many sense of the word, Lisa Wilbourn was fucked.

Later, the two of them sat by the window, whiling away the afternoon in companionable quiet. This spot that he claimed for his nightly sleep was a place to catch good views of the city. When the sun dips, it would transform into a technicolor dreamscape of neon lights. And when it rains, whew!

Lisa busied herself with a data tablet, lying on his bedding without a care as she surfed the net, whereas he busied himself with Lisa. Platonically, that was.

If people accused him before today of having a thing for girls wearing cat-eared headbands, he would have called them crazy. Perhaps he still would. Cat ears did nothing for him.

Fox ears, now…

The pair of animal ears sitting atop the Danger Gal headphones was of plastic, steel, and rubber, which ruined it somewhat. It lacked the fluffy feel oh so intrinsic to the foxgirl experience. That lost it a few points.

That said, for a toy he picked up, it had its uses. Noise dampening for when the guns came out. A set of audio equipment in the animal ears that allowed the wearer to pick up sound from further distances than mere human ability could match, making conversations down hallways or in the next room over quite audible on the right frequency. It worked as a communication tool, too, although that had required a bit of finagling by Lisa with her Academy City phone to catch the signal that paired the devices together. Best of all, it still looked damn cute!

Fondle, fondle. Grope, grope. This must be what happiness was.

And then, the ears twitched. He nearly died then and there.

"How did you make it do that!?" he asked, gawking.

Lisa did not answer him. The girl had her head cocked to the side, brows furrowed in concentration. "I hear people," she remarked. "I think the others are back."

Jaune looked around them. It wasn't a disaster zone, per se, but they had made themselves quite at home while everyone was away. "We should clean up, then. Have to show our best side, and all that."

"Yeah, that was my thought, too. Let me hit the bathroom to fix my makeup first." And foist the task of cleaning onto him, went the unspoken line. "Oh, and by the way? Don't even dream of putting a bell on me."

"What do you mean? A bell? I never said anything about a—wait a minute."

Ignoring his look, Lisa placed her tablet aside and pushed off from the blanket spread on the ground. Immediately, she scrunched her face, one hand going to her lower back.

"Uuugh, you overdid it. Owie!"

Jaune rolled his eyes. "I might just put you back to running laps. You need the training."

His casual demeanor dropped like a mask as he heard a soft electronic tone, along with the click of the door lock. In the relative quiet of the apartment, the sound was deafening and not in a good way. He shared a look with Lisa who had noticed the same problem.

They all used physical keys. Nobody in their group had the cyberware needed for the scanner.

A few quick strides put him at the balcony overlooking the main floor of the apartment. His eyes were rooted to the corner that led to the entrance foyer. Soon enough, two people skulked into the room. He recognized them.

Boy, those small details along the way that did not concern him sure seemed relevant now. The edgerunners, Lucy and Rebecca, had infiltrated his base. Last he heard of them, the former had navigated through a wall via her robot with the latter in her arms, escaping after his team pulled their punches.

"How wonderful," he said in a tired voice as he drew a sword from the empty air and swung one foot up to step on the banister, before that grew to a shout. "Fine, then! Here we go again—!"

"Wait, wait, wait!" Lucy yelled, throwing her hands up.

Beside her, Rebecca dropped her weapons, all of them, a pile of guns pouring out of her jacket to land at her feet. Sweat dripped down her face, the young woman grimacing hard as she added her voice to the mix.

"Truce, you crazy gonk! Truce!"

Jaune hesitated, looking from one face to the other. Those guns didn't say truce.

That point turned moot as a head poked around the corner, twin-tails trailing near to the floor. More voices from out in the hallway announced the return of the apartment's inhabitants.

"Oh! Do we have guests?" asked Hu Tao. "I'll get the tea."



-o-
​


Steam rose from the teacups set on the living room table. The ones in front of the intruders went untouched. All of them, from Jaune to the cat to Lucy, had arranged themselves on or around the couch. The edgerunners occupied the shorter end of the L-shaped seat, everybody else at the other. Escha hid under the low table, glaring up at Rebecca and hissing whenever the short woman tried to reach for her. Outside the windows, rainclouds had rolled in.

The conversation had been rather stilted up until now. Jaune kept his hand shaped to summon a sword and swing for the neck. These two things might be related.

"Sooo," Lisa began. She had stowed away her headphones. "What's up with your boytoy?"

How nice, that he could rely on Lisa to ferret out the pesky details. His gaze fell to the familiar yellow jacket that Lucy was clutching to her chest with a white-knuckle grip. The last time he saw the garment, David Martinez had thrown it off then punched him in the face.

Lucy worked her jaw, likely having trouble finding the right words. Strands of her iridescent hair shimmered under the light as she fidgeted back and forth.

"I need your help," she finally said in a small voice.

"To?" Jaune asked.

His response seemed to embolden her. She looked up, eyes flashing with determination.

"To save David!"

"…No. Is this a prank?"

Aaand now the edgerunner was curling in on herself again, all sad and stuff. But then, what did she expect? Jaune looked at Lisa, getting back a shrug. He subtly gestured at the intruders. His partner in crime (and adventure, but mostly crime) squinted at him, suspecting that he intended to foist the work onto her, which he was, but since it was her wheelhouse she went along with it. As Lisa got started on coaxing more information out of Lucy, he picked up a teacup and took a sip.

As he did, he glanced to the side. Eyes with pupils in the shape of flowers stared back at him. Hu Tao hovered behind the couch, and had been doing strange things ever since he sat down. Like now, for instance, where she brought her face close to his neck to take a sniff of him.

"Hu Tao, is there any reason why you did that? Do I stink?" he asked, a little concerned.

"You smell… different."

He flinched, understanding exactly what she referred to. A quick look at Lisa, and he made up a lie on the spot. "That must be the sweat. I was running through a few exercises earlier and didn't get a chance to shower off."

"That might be it," Hu Tao agreed, although she did not sound convinced. She also continued to linger nearby. Sniff, sniff. The girl puzzled over the scent on him.

Past her, he caught the sheepish gazes of Bennett and Fischl. Clearly, their show of mercy the other day hadn't panned out so well, and they knew it. The two resembled him and his sisters when they'd bunch together in solidarity after getting into trouble as they waited for a rebuke from their parents. He thought of what his parents would do. He put on a reassuring smile, and waved it off.

They had performed an undoubtedly good act, with good intentions. The world just decided to kick their teeth in for it, was all.

They were also trying to wave at Rebecca when they thought he wasn't looking. A gesture the edgerunner returned with her big, metal hands. That part seemed less forgivable, but ehhh, whatever. Strangers were just friends you haven't met yet. Your friend meeting a stranger who turned out to be your enemy despite you two having that mutual friend might be somewhere on that chart. Overthinking it would just confuse him.

"You have got to be kidding me."

Lisa's incredulous tone drew him back into the conversation with the edgerunners. She had a hand gripping her forehead, and stared at Lucy without blinking.

"The whole time?" she asked. "No. That's not possible. I would have noticed. We would have ran into each other. You can't seriously tell me you were living on this same floor!"

Pardon?

"Preach it, bitch," Rebecca said, throwing her hands to the sky. The short woman had also turned in her seat to glare at Lucy. "My beautiful, sweet, kind-hearted self spent months freaking out over a certain someone and it turns out she was living the high life! Like, what the fuck, amiright?"

"Rebecca, I already told you—"

Lisa cut in, addressing Rebecca. "And shacking up with your guy, too? That had to sting."

"He… He's not my guy," Rebecca said with a fluster, before recovering. "But at least I wouldn't have tried to shoot my shot so often if they just told me they were still together! Now I look like a homewrecker!"

"What a bitch!"

"Yeah!"

No, he was pretty sure that Lisa was the homewrecker at the moment. Two minutes in and she had fractured the duo. Not to a great extent, perhaps, but enough to seed doubts that could play them against each other. All with a smile on her face.

Sometimes, his friend was kind of scary.

"Look," Lucy said, hard at work corralling her emotions before she snapped. "That isn't the point. I knew you were living literally three doors down from us, and I kept that secret. I could have told David, but I didn't!"

Lisa raised a finger to object. "Because he'll come calling and then die, let's get that straight. You did it for his sake, not ours."

Jaune nodded. Martinez would have eaten the sharp end of a sword had he set foot in here. Yup, yup.

"We can have many reasons for the things we do," said Lucy. The young woman hugged the yellow jacket tighter. "I wanted him to be happy. I want him to live. Please, I can pay."

"I'm going to regret asking this, but what are you talking about?" Jaune said. "Where did the guy disappear to? And where's Kiwi, anyway?"

Any semblance of composure Lucy managed to cultivate suddenly cracked into pieces. Her eyes burned with a red-hot anger, and she looked out the window to a towering spire in the distance. "They got to him," she spat, scowling hard. "Arasaka."

To that, Jaune could only say one thing.

"And Kiwi?"

Hey, if he had to pick who to focus on between the two, it might as well be the person he actually held a decent chat with.

Evidently, Lucy didn't share the sentiment, so while she sat there seething at him for his uncaring attitude, Rebecca was the one to answer. "Kiwi's out in Corpo Plaza. She told us she'll pursue our current leads while we talk to you."

"Leads, huh?" Lisa pondered. "You act like you're certain it was Arasaka despite not being there. You caught it on a camera playback, then? The place was lousy with them." She crossed her legs, propping her chin on a hand as she observed the edgerunners. Unlike him, she treated them with far less hostility. For the most part, curiosity held the reins.

Lucy nodded. "They sent a retrieval team. Their netrunner shut down half of David's implants in the span of two seconds. Then… They…"

"They put a bullet in him when he wouldn't show his belly like a dog," Rebecca growled. Jaune noticed that her fingers were twitching involuntarily, miming the act of firing a gun as she thought of the people who took her friend away.

He rather felt that he had a good grasp on her type by now. A bomb with a faulty fuse. A Biri-Biri girl, as a certain ordinary high school boy would call it.

"Corpo rats had to bring their special forces. They knew David would fuck them all up, otherwise," she said.

Yeah, right. The guy was likelier to keel over dead than take a swing. The amount of blood he had lost at that point shouldn't even fit inside a person. Jaune let the comment pass by, however. It served little purpose to burst her bubble, and he had something else he wanted to know.

"I don't really see why they nabbed him at all," he said. "Oh, and do try Hu Tao's tea. It's delicious."

The sooner they finished, the sooner he had an excuse to usher them out the door. Hu Tao gave him a surreptitious poke for that, cottoning on to his game. She took the matter of hospitality more seriously than him.

Lucy and Rebecca shared a look. It was quick, but hard to miss.

"That's… a secret," Lucy said.

Lisa scoffed, and stood up.

"Welp, that's that, then. Good luck."

One would think Lucy teleported with how fast she sprang to her feet. Hands out, she motioned for Lisa to wait. "Okay! Okay! He—David—he is special." The young woman turned to Jaune, silently begging him to keep listening. "His compatibility with cyberware is higher than anyone I have ever seen."

The picture grew clearer and clearer over the next few minutes as Lucy talked on. In a world where metal was power, prestige, profit, products, David Martinez counted as one in a million. The holy grail, to borrow a phrase. Unlocking the possibilities hidden in his DNA could usher in a new era of robotics. A future where everyone was chromed to the gills, and paid for the privilege.

A private army of cyborgs to depose competitors, or nations. A new, untapped market ripe for expansion. Name it, and that was the hope David represented to the corporations aware of him.

And by unlocking, Lucy made it clear that she meant dissection. The corporations were famed for their brutal approach to furthering scientific progress. David Martinez would die on an operating table, screaming.

It couldn't have happened to a better guy. Jaune then chastised himself for that thought. His personal feelings aside, he noted the pale faces around him. The image Lucy had put in their heads was a grisly one. Certain factions within Arasaka had been known to cut up children if he was to believe the netrunner. Lisa didn't flag it as a lie, which spoke volumes.

Lucy was paying close attention to him. She spotted his reluctance. Or, rather, his animosity with her leader. Fumbling in a bag she had brought along, she pulled out a fistful of small computer chips. Datashards, they call it here.

"I can pay," she said, and poured the money shards onto the table, where they bounced in all directions, clinking against the teacups and falling off the edge. Two more handfuls joined it, along with stacks of paper eddies. She plugged one of the shards into a slot on her neck, an act that will never not freak him out with how carefree the people in this world were about it. Her eyes flickered blue, denoting the transfer of data. She ejected the chip and slapped it down on the table afterward. "The entirety of my bank accounts. Every stash of eddies I hid in my home. Everything I own. It's yours if you save him."

The desperation bled through. They colored her every action, each line of worry on her face. It began to register for him that, oh, she was being dead serious on requesting their help.

It weirded him out, and made him want to turn her down even harder. Frankly, he was more preoccupied with that whole child abduction and mutilation bit. Who did he have to talk to, to find out where that was happening? Who did he have to shove a sword through?

"Sorry—"

"Please!" Lucy bowed her head.

"I don't trust you," he said, giving up the pretense of politeness. Lucy flinched, and Rebecca glared at him. The latter deflated rather quickly, grousing in a way that told him she found the comment rather fair. She shoved a shotgun in his mouth, he kicked her out of an aircraft. That sort of impression stuck around.

"They don't need us, anyway," Lisa remarked, studying the pile of money on the table. "If each shard has even an average of a couple thousands, what they have here can hire a lot of people."

Lucy shook her head. "Arasaka plans to take David out of the country within the week. There isn't enough time to jump through the usual hoops. More than that, it's Arasaka! Other mercs won't cut it. It has to be you." She stared hard at him. "You're David's rival. The only other solo in Night City strong enough to think of taking a corp head-on. And…" Here, she hesitated. Her voice, when she spoke, held a note of wonder. " And you're the man who flies. You can do anything."

There was a hush, lasting a beat. The silence rang in their ears.

Some of the tension bled out of Lucy.

"David… He's a good man, deep down," she said, gaze drifting to the jacket. She played with it, running a thumb over the plasticky fabric. Before Jaune could refute that claim, she continued. "You didn't hear how he talked that night you chased after us on the highway. He was tucked in bed, and he wouldn't sleep. He just went on and on to me about the flying man, and whether you could fly to the moon." She cracked a smile, wistful and sad. "He was like the goofy kid I fell in love with, way back when. He hates you, but he also admires you."

Jaune recalled a head splattered against a cockpit wall. "You and I must have met different Davids. That goofy kid murders people with a smile."

The wistful mien faded, and Lucy just looked miserable. "He has his reasons."

"Need better ones," Jaune muttered under his breath.

Rebecca overheard him, and grew furious in a heartbeat. Swinging upright, she pointed an oversized finger at him. "Fuck you! The guy crawled out of a hole, okay? We all did. Sorry it offends your hoity-toity sensibilities!"

"Becca, stop it. We're not here to fight." Lucy tried to pull her back in her seat.

Rebecca did not, and whirled on her ally. "I can't stand him! He doesn't know anything about David!" She turned and flipped him the bird. "Corpo kid with your fucking organic bananas and clean air and… and… all that stuff! It's so easy, people like you always say." Her voice pitched higher, mocking. "There's never a need for violence. We have rules. Why don't those poor people just eat cake instead of shit? He did what we all had to, breaking pieces of ourselves to make it another day. What would you know about that?"

It shouldn't have bothered him. Yet, something in him rebelled at Rebecca's condescending attitude, and he jumped to his feet, leaning over the table to glare at her dead in the eyes. "I'm carrying my entire world on my shoulders. Do you think that is easy?" A fist punched against the table. Rebecca cringed back. "I'm going to die in a ditch one of these days and it will all go to hell. I have every reason to be a horrible person, not least for my life, and still I have to try and be someone my parents could be proud of. So, yeah, from where I'm standing his excuses don't cut it."

"Alright, cool it!" Lisa commanded, pushing in between them. She placed a hand on his chest, trying to move him back, and after a brief moment of hesitation, he relented. That earned him a quick smile from her. He sat down, a storm in his heart, with Hu Tao proceeding to massage his shoulders, urging him to drink his tea and relax. On Rebecca's part, the young woman looked from Lisa to Lucy, then threw herself back into her seat, fuming. Under the table, Escha bristled at her, fur standing on ends.

The conversation stalled out for a good minute. The people on his side were sending him glances. He slowly registered what he had let slip, that thought lurking in the depths of his mind which dogged his every step, and his cheeks burned with embarrassment.

Jaune knew, better than anyone, that he was still not good enough.

But… that wasn't what other people thought, was it?

"I need you," Lucy weakly pleaded. She couldn't look him in the eye, once more bowing her head.

He wanted to just say yes. Someone was counting on him, like he was a hero. They believed him more than he was, and it drew out such a heady feeling within him.

Instead, he barked out, "Why?"

"You're the man who flies," Lucy repeated, then elaborated further. "Arasaka has a plan on how to move David out of Night City. It's the parade floats. They travel along the same route each year, high up and at the center of Arasaka security forces. After making a circuit of the festival, the floats load right onto a boat and ship back to Japan. He'll be on one of them."

Something about that sounded off to him, but he left it alone for now. He pointed with the hand holding his teacup.

"Let me see if I have this right. You're asking me to drop in during the middle of the festival, straight into an army's worth of soldiers, and break him out?"

She nodded. Her lips trembled. "Once he is across the ocean, there is nothing we can do. Arasaka will ensure he never sees the light of day again. This is our only chance."

Hesitantly, Bennett raised his hand to interrupt. "With a glider, it's possible. The buildings here go up forever. Me and you can jump off and reach him pretty easily. Between us, I bet we can hold him up long enough to let him land safely on the ground."

"The interwoven web of this city forms a maze cast in the everdarkness," Fischl reminded them. "Where lost souls may vanish with the morning light."

"The many alleys offer a suitable escape route, should you wish to lose your pursuers," Oz interpreted.

Fischl made an offended sound. "My retainer, please do not diminish my contributions so. My very words carry with them power, voiced in the true manner of reality."

"Indubitably, Mein Fräulein. Apologies."

"Did that bird just clucking talk?"

They ignored Rebecca's question, to her impotent raging. Plus her joke, but that was a given since it was awful and deserving of no recognition, only shame.

Besides, with Escha and even Hu Tao chiming in with suggestions, people were starting to get ahead of themselves. He had to nip that in the bud.

"My team will talk it over," he said curtly, and everyone fell quiet to listen. "After that, we'll get back to you."

Lucy looked like she was ready to argue. Lisa jumped in, reaching over to pat the other woman on the knee.

"Hey, heeey. Relax. You have a friend in me. I'll try to convince him. He's a big softie, but he also has to worry about the good of the team. You get it, right?"

She shared a look with him. Lisa was making him out as the bad guy in this situation, except both of them understood the truth of the matter. They were of a like mind about this request.

Blinded by hope, Lucy grabbed Lisa's hand. "Thank you! Thank you so much!" She spun toward him, ready to do the same, but Lisa headed it off.

"Go home," she ordered. "Sleep. You need it. The world is going to look different in the morning."

"Yes, I—Rebecca, let's get out of their hair. Sleep can wait. I have to dive into the net first. There's so much to do!"

Her newfound liveliness bordered on the manic. Lucy practically dragged Rebecca from the apartment, turning around every few steps to bow and thank them again. Her money stayed on the table. In her head, it was a done deal.

For some of the people remaining in the room, it did appear so. Bennett was happy. Escha, too. Being heroes and saving lives appealed to them. Jaune didn't have the heart to tell them that, for the most part, Lisa said those things to get the desperate women who were not in any state of mind to accept no for an answer out of the apartment.

Fischl's contemplative demeanor was interesting, however. Jaune asked her about it as he stood at the entrance watching the edgerunners walk down the hall and enter another apartment unit.

"David is… scary," she said. Aside from him, she had been the one with the best chance to observe Martinez the other day. She saw the cracks, and what lay beneath.

He patted her on the shoulder, and shepherded her back inside. Lisa passed by her to join him at the foyer. They spoke quietly.

"What do we do?" he said.

"You got us into this. Figure it out."

"I vote we turn them down. Move out if we want to avoid a fight. We have enough to book a hotel, I'm sure."

Lisa chuckled. "You understand me so well." Then, she blew a raspberry. "The problem is everyone else. I don't think the timing of those two showing up was a coincidence. They were hoping to lean on their prior connections with Hu Tao and the others. Escha, too. Kitty cat complains about the short one, but she doesn't have much of a mean streak."

Jaune tsked, a hand coming up to rub his temples. "They played us like fiddles, then. Did you notice…"

"That the story is off? Duh. If David Martinez is so important, why did Arasaka go for this convoluted plan of using a parade float as a prison transport?"

As Wakako had told him, airships were what people sprang for when moving important cargo. The Arasaka Corporation could have stolen David out of the country the very same day they brought him in.

"Because David is not the target," said a new voice.

Jaune and Lisa both blinked, then poked their heads out the open door.

A tall figure stood just outside, leaning on the wall. Kiwi, the netrunner. She had her thumbs hooked in her pockets, back subtly arched with her chin tilted up in a striking pose. Her height lent her the image of a fashion model on a magazine cover.

She spoke in a bored tone.

"Hi."

"...Hi?"

"So, are you going to invite me in?"


-o-
​

This time, there were only three people gathered on the couch. Despite the increased space, they sat close together. Very close.

Lisa leaning on him and Kiwi's hip bumping against his, close.

Their new guest showed no inclination to change that state of affair. She took her tea in a glass, with ice cubes plus a straw. The end of the straw tucked through one of the vents on her mask to let her drink, although Jaune had no idea how that worked. A sip, and she gave an appreciative hum.

She then placed the glass back on the table, and shifted in her seat to make herself more comfortable. Jaune grew quite aware of how soft her thigh felt.

He broke the ice. "Lucy said you were in center city."

"I lied to her."

"Ah."

A liar? What a horrible person. How could people do that, just lie to someone?

"It's about you. It was always about you," Kiwi remarked. One leg crossed over the other, and much like the friend she lied to, she looked out the window at a tall tower.

It took him a moment to get it.

"I'm Arasaka's real target."

Kiwi nodded. "That job in the factory was supposed to be when they grab you. It looked like they intended for my team to soften you up. Explains why they handed us so many toys."

"I knew it!" Lisa interjected. "I knew the expenses didn't add up. What about the previous jobs? We meet way too often for it to be mere chance."

"Not sure, but it's likely." Kiwi looked at him, and her eyes narrowed in that 'smile without a smile' way of hers. "I think you confused them with the things you do. They had to keep hiring us in order to study you and figure out a plan."

And their plan was David Martinez. Too bad he fumbled it.

"David is the second prize," Kiwi said when he noted that. "They posted watchers on the fight, and when he ran away out the factory, they had seconds to make a decision. After that… Well, you know how corpos are. The division dealing with you two ran a cost-benefit analysis. You won out, he became a pawn. They're now going for broke. It hinges on a conclusion they had about you."

That sounded rather ominous. He straightened in his seat, focusing on Kiwi. "Which is?"

"They think you're a bleeding heart brute. You don't hurt innocent people."

On his other side, Lisa wiggled her hand. "Slightly off."

Kiwi shrugged, and sipped her drink. "Doesn't matter. They're running with it and designing the playing field with that in mind. This is good tea, by the way."

"Thank you!" Hu Tao called down from the upper floor in a bright voice. That reminded Jaune to drink from his own cup. Throughout, he mulled on what Kiwi said.

"The festival?" he guessed. "The parade floats that your friend was talking about." That earned him another not-smile.

"Yes, although the name is a misnomer. They are more akin to barges with rockets strapped on. Now, imagine the buildings lining the road as the mountains, filled with caves where their soldiers hide. Below is the river, an endless crowd of people that they wager you would not touch. Their analysts have made a comprehensive report on you, from your armaments to your habits. An entire psychological profile to predict your actions in this scenario."

With a flash of light from her eyes, the TV turned on. Files popped open one by one. Photos of him flying, shooting, fighting over the course of a week and a half. Pages after pages of text accompanied the pictures.

"You stole these?" he asked.

"Thought you might appreciate it."

He laughed. "I do, thanks for that. It'd be nice to confirm what they know." And what they didn't.

Kiwi mumbled something he couldn't catch, and moved on before he asked about it. She began highlighting pieces of the text, the relevant notes to paint for him a picture of the situation. Helpfully, a diagram of the festival route was included on the screen, letting him see how the vertical terrain of the area would box him in, with his hypothetical placement on a parade float opening him up for Arasaka forces to attack from multiple angles—frankly, all the angles. In addition, the multi-tiered nature of the area, with balconies dotting up and down the buildings to be filled with festival-goers, limited his ability to bring firearms to bear lest stray shots land in the crowd.

Indeed, it was a trap, top to bottom. All they needed left was to put him inside the cage.

"Lucy lied to us," he muttered, a harsh fire flickering to life within him. His voice came out as a hiss. "She would have turned around and stabbed me in the back had I helped her out."

Kiwi, hesitant, spoke with care. "In a way, yes. My teammate got her information from a fixer named Faraday—"

In unison, Jaune and Lisa facepalmed.

"Faraday!"

"Of course, it's that weasel. Didn't I tell you he's trouble, Jaune?"

"When you're right, you're right."

"Stupid Faraday!"

Kiwi made a noise that might have been a chuckle, and waited for them to finish. "He is tied into this. He works for Arasaka, now. Maybe. He was supposed to give you to them on a platter. Using pretty face Lucy to lay bait is the last ditch plan he came up with."

"And Lucy is in on it?" he asked.

"That's harder to say," Kiwi answered, shrugging. "The details he passed to her are incomplete, but knowing her, she would have learned parts of the truth from diving into the Arasaka subnet, enough to suspect there is more to the situation."

"But so long as it allows her to rescue David, she would do it," Lisa concluded, before narrowing her eyes at Kiwi. "It does beg the question, though, on how it is you found out so much more than her. As if someone had told all of it to you."

The implication hit him at the same time Kiwi replied.

"Faraday brought me into the real plan. He figured I'd go for it. Paid me to betray my team and help them capture Lucy as well as you and David," Kiwi admitted.

Flabbergasted, Jaune stared at her. "You're serious."

"I am. And he was right," she said without a hint of reticence. "I will betray my team. By telling you everything so that you aren't caught in the trap." She jerked a thumb over her shoulder. "Leave Night City. Use the festival as cover."

He had only a brief moment to parse that before Kiwi surprised him. She replaced her drink glass, and in one smooth motion left her seat to stride for the door. The whole time, she refused to look at him. Her entire demeanor screamed that her business here was done.

He caught a sliver of the myriad emotions playing out on her face as it turned away, and he moved. A lunge captured her hand in his own, causing Kiwi to stop in her tracks. She whirled around. All of a sudden, she carried the attitude of one out of their depths, tense and shifty. Despite being taller than him, she looked small. And worried. Reluctant to leave, but determined to.

"What about you?" he asked, an alarm ringing in his head. "People go on and on to me about the dangers of crossing a corp. What happens now that you've ruined Faraday's plan? Arasaka's plan?"

"...I'll figure something out," Kiwi deflected. She lightly tugged on her hand to see if she could slip out of his grip. Her eyes rose to meet his own, and she held his gaze with a silent question.

What are you doing?

He didn't even know. What a mess.

Lucy asked for his help, and planned to betray him. Quite a surprise to spring on a person. Except, she had never been on his side. Her reason was simple. She was almost too upfront about it. She wanted to save her teammate. The man she loves. Someone who was counting on her, Jaune's life be damned.

That wasn't an easy act for him to forgive from a friend, let alone a stranger. He would have turned his back on her. It would eat at him, he couldn't even blame her, but he'd see it done.

In came Kiwi to throw a spanner in the works. Everybody's works. A traitor to her team. A traitor twice over, today. There was a word for that. Scum.

She did it for his sake.

He.. truly hated this complicated stuff. He wished it was simple.

Simple, he mused.

"Kiwi, what will happen to you after you go out that door and I don't show up to the festival?"

The woman affected a bored facade, cocking an eyebrow. "Who cares? You just stay away, 'kay?"

"Good luck with that," Lisa grumbled. The girl had remained on the couch, and she was pinching the bridge of her nose, appearing exasperated. Once again, she read him like a book. He took heart that she hadn't spoken out against him.

Kiwi balked, losing her cool. "What? Why? Did I not explain the situation clearly enough?"

In place of a reply, Lisa gestured to Jaune, who sheepishly scratched his cheek as Kiwi glared at him.

"Well… forewarned is forearmed. Now that I know, I can prepare for trouble," he said.

"It's Arasaka," Kiwi retorted, speaking slowly as if to a child. "You should be running back to Europe. Today. Now." She flicked her hand at him. "Why are you still here? Shoo. Shoo."

Jaune barked out a laugh. His head tilted back, looking to the ceiling as he gathered his thoughts.

Within his mind, he straightened out the mess. He ran through the options, the risks and the rewards. The cost of doing the smart thing, and the cost of doing the stupid thing. Or rather…

"Because it's a simple thing," he said. "Because I'm not a good person, as much as I want to be. I don't see the world fairly. A man dies in an aircraft, and it is a sad thing, but life's like that sometimes. A girl burns down a city to reunite with the boy she loves, and I think it's a romantic thing, even if I hate them." He laughed again. "And then there's you. The one who's going to die for doing the right thing."

His eyes fell on Kiwi once more. Blue, meeting red.

"Yeah, I think I can fight for you," he said, nodding to himself. "I'll walk into that trap to make sure nobody could blame you."

He then heaved a rueful sigh.

"Much as I dislike him, it looks like I'm going to rescue David Martinez."


Author's Notes: As stories often do, it comes back to the same three beats.
The knight. The dragon. The princess.
Jaune. Arasaka. David Martinez.
...Wait.
I had an image of Jaune and David teaming up to rescue their people from Arasaka at one point, and for some reason my entire being rebelled against it. There was no way I could see for them to work together like that. And if they try, they were obviously going to die.

Then, on a whim, I put 'David's team' in place of 'David', and suddenly it sounded plausible. Funny, that.

Bring Kiwi to the portal? No! Go throw hands with an army!
I wonder how Lisa feels about that. In a way, he's taking her wishes to heart. In another, he's being an idiot because of it.
Stories:
QQ Sneaking His Way into the Multiverse , a RWBY Jaune, WC-lite mechanics story.
Other RWBY stories on AO3 or FF - Yakuza Arc | Conquered Menagerie: Annals of the Sixth Kingdom | Cat, Bunny, and the Good Ship Honey Starbright | The Agent
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Amdiranifani, Amrynel and 474 others
LazyAutumnMoon
Apr 18, 2026
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 79: Just Another Night City Call to Arms
View content
LazyAutumnMoon
LazyAutumnMoon
We all need Sundancer in our life.
JoinedJun 7, 2024
Messages289
Likes received68,284
Apr 23, 2026
Add bookmark
#7,174

Chapter 79: Just Another Night City Call to Arms
​


Neon lights marked his destination. They framed an innocuous staircase, dark and drab, where old graffiti painted the walls in psychedelic patterns. Half-dead overhead bulbs cast much of it in shadows. Sketchy? Yes, sketchy was the word Jaune was looking for. An altogether unpleasant hovel that made one question why people waited to go inside.

The line was short, but did not lack for passion. They all had this yearning look on their faces as if there was no place else they'd rather be. The line never once moved.

The instructions Jaune got told him to skip the line. Ignore them, and they would not stop him. Leery as he was, he gave it a shot, leading the way for his team. Sure enough, the moment people saw their group they squashed themselves against the wall without a single word from his lips. Some tried to peek under the 'I❤️NC' cap he bought off a street stall, but he passed them too quickly for that. He went down the steps first, with Escha dangling off his back. Bennett and Fischl trooped in after him; people were all agog, pointing at the raven on Fischl's shoulder. Hu Tao brought up the rear.

The staircase landing opened to… to a maintenance tunnel or something, although that was clearly not its purpose. Concrete gave way to a metal floor, with exposed piping running along the wall and ceiling, all vibrating to a thumping beat emanating from ahead. There, a burly man stood. His mouth was pressed in a thin line, and he let his hand do all the talking. A stop gesture, followed by a spin of the finger and a shooing motion. No matter how much people begged, this was invariably their answer. Not a soul shall pass.

The bouncer guarded a set of double doors made of thick glass on a metal frame. Fogged up, everything behind it blurred in indistinct colors. Jaune approached the man, walking under an archway decorated with a single word.

Afterlife.

The solo's bar. The place where all edgerunners were bound, or so they say.

The people down here were whispering now, having noticed him. Had to be an edgerunner, had to be, he kept hearing. Nobody else would skip the line like that, bold as brass. A few got a clear peek of his face. A name sprang to their lips, not his but close enough. They knew none other, and he hadn't been here before. That last part apparently meant something. Excitement grew with the passing seconds. All eyes turned from him to the bouncer.

On his part, the burly man looked impassive as ever, not even blinking as Bennett waved brightly to him. He eyed Jaune up and down, then pressed a finger to the side of his head in this world's gesture for 'I'm on a call right now', speaking quietly to someone not present. A nod and the call ended, after which the bouncer stepped aside, waving him through. The doors slid apart to give those waiting in line a glimpse of their paradise. A cold wave washed over Jaune as he strode inside.

The bar was chilly. Vents on the walls blew in a winter's frost that dug through the skin, causing the room to feel perpetually on the wrong side of comfort. It bore a marked effect on the patrons, and on him. Each bracing breath he took sharpened the senses. It made him want to fight. It made him want to dance.

Music blasted from hidden speakers, seeming to come out of the very walls. It muted the clanging of his boots on the floor. Everything was of a sleek metal finish, reflecting the lights to cast the windowless space in a bright ambience. Removing his hat, he spun on his heels to take it all in.

Hehe. They had those holographic projectors here, the ones with the strippers. He sold a bunch of them to the Marketplace the other day. Someone, somewhere, loved them.

"Whoa! Is that Johnny?"

Who said it he could not tell, and it did not matter. The cry was taken up by many more, spreading through the room. It brought the inhabitants of the Afterlife into focus.

Leather jackets were in vogue, the same with cybernetic eyes. Most sported additional chrome, to varying degrees. They seemed a rough and tumble lot, brash attitudes screaming they were ready to throw hands at the drop of a hat.

The mercs occupying the tables and booths along the walls refused to merely stand or sit, oh no. They lounged. They posed. Each table resembled a movie poster, the team arrayed to show their best side. Advertising, Jaune realized once he saw a woman with an eyepatch join one table and the people there all crowded around her, a fixer finding her crew.

The fixer happened to glance in his direction, and their eyes met. He could almost see the calculations grinding behind her gaze, before she shook her head and turned away. The crew at her table visibly relaxed, their livelihood safe from the depredation of fixer-stealing blondies.

The other mercs, their job unthreatened at the moment by his presence, took far more interest in him. Those with experience, or were just good at keeping their cool, assessed him out of the corner of their periphery while sipping their drinks. To a one, they would look at his hip to try and find a weapon, a shared habit among their profession. Each had a plan on how to kill him, no doubt.

As for the excitable majority, they pointed and whispered and gawked with bright eyes full of awe. They seemed torn between rushing at him and keeping their distance. Snippets of their conversation reached his ears as he walked toward the bar. His first visit, they kept saying. Flyboy, they called him. Firewalker. Goldstep. Twinkletoes. A story in the making, the title still in flux. It struck him how… glad they were to see him here, like he had come home to where he belonged.

Erm. Minus those Tyger Claws over there who had jumped to take cover behind the couch they were sitting on, crying. Then again, that was normal behavior for them in his experience.

"First impression looks good," he said quietly, scanning the crowd. "Okay, gang. Stick to the plan. Hu Tao, Bennett, Fischl. You've been here before. Go and mingle. Let them know that I'm with you. Escha, look for Tattletale. She should be with Kiwi. I'll head to the bar."

They had to make it appeared natural, of course. Image mattered, as Tattletale unnecessarily warned him. It was better that the team moved on his command than on their own, so he made a show of casually shooing everyone off.

Once he was alone, he walked over to the bar counter.

"Well, well, well, it's Johnny himself!" said the bartender as he sat down on a tall, short-backed stool. "I really didn't think Rogue would let you in. Claire, by the way."

The long counter occupied pride of place at the very center of the room, wrapping around to face multiple walls. Behind it, the bar hosted a large selection of bottles, and rather than sitting on shelves they were stored in small yet deep cabinets. He had heard the story from his friends who came here before, so he was at least somewhat prepared to see the repurposed mortuary drawers which in a bygone era would have held the bodies of the dead. Still, how… morbid.

As for the bartender, a brunette with a friendly smile, he noted the way she commanded the space behind the counter with the confidence of royalty. That Rogue person she talked about was supposed to be the owner of the club, but from her demeanor he got the sense that Claire was the ringmaster of this little circus.

"Nice to meetcha, Claire!" he answered her with the same good cheer she showed him. "I'm Jaune—Johnny, though I guess that's not news. What was that about Rouge? I'm not somehow in trouble already, am I?" He cracked a sheepish grin. The chances were never zero for him to screw something up without his knowing.

Claire shook her head, waving it off. "It's fine. You're in, so you're in. Just keep your head down for a bit to show you're not a troublemaker, and she'll warm up to you in no time."

"Really?"

"No, not really. It's Rogue." Claire shrugged, as if that explained it all. Jaune assumed she intended it as a joke, and laughed.

He couldn't follow that advice, anyway.

Off on one side of the room, Jaune spotted a familiar silhouette, clothed in purple. It accompanied a tall figure in red. He left them alone. His work was here, to be seen and heard. It was all part of the plan. He learned the steps to it in a place called Yuell.

"It's not all because of you, though," said Claire. "She's been peeved all week. Those projectors of ours"—a jerk of her head indicated the hologram strippers—"are getting old and she put in a new order a while ago. The problem is, somebody keeps stealing the shipment before it gets here."

…Oh. Oh no.

"That's awful! How could they?" he said, sweating bullets.

"Right? A lot of horny bastards here are looking to introduce their knuckles to whoever is responsible. Anyway, it's not for you to worry about. What will you be having, hon? I can mix pretty much everything you might fancy."

People were leaning forward. Why were they leaning forward? Was this a test? A dozen ears pricked up to listen in, making him feel rather put on the spot.

"Spirytus—ah, I mean, I'm not really familiar with the drinks around here," he said. Or drinks in general, he thought. "Something… mellow, I guess." The opposite of Spirytus or 'oolong tea', in other words.

The bartender hmmed under her breath. Her eyes went to the ceiling as she pondered the request. "What do they like in Europe?"

Don't ask him. He wouldn't know.

Her expression then brightened, and she snapped her fingers. "Champagne. It fits." She began striding back and forth to snatch things off the shelves without even looking. "Then, if we go light on the gin, harder on the syrup…no, let's take a can of..."

As the woman busied behind the counter, Jaune leaned back in his chair, one leg swinging below to affect an easygoing air. Friendly, and inviting. It did not take long for another customer of the bar to take the bait.

The merc who approached was of a height with Jaune were he to stand, older by maybe half a decade with vague Japanese features. He dressed in the dark, no-nonsense clothes that on Earth meant he was prepared for combat. The goofy grin spelled good intentions, however.

"Not even two weeks. That's gotta be a record for getting in here," the man said, setting his glass on the counter and leaning against the bar. A handgun hung off his belt. "You're crazy, you know that?"

Jaune blinked. "I am?"

"You've been butting heads with David Martinez! Goddamn, buddy. You picked the biggest guy in the room and you punched him in the face!" With a laugh, the man held out his hand. "Welcome to the Afterlife, Johnny. I'm Mike."

"Tiny Mike," Claire said, returning to the counter.

"Claire!" Tiny Mike squawked.

"Hey, you earned your nickname. Wear it with pride."

Claire set a drink in front of Jaune. It came in a tall champagne flute, a bubbly mixture with two tones—a predominantly pale yellow capped with neon green foam. He was no connoisseur, but that didn't look right.

"This is…" he began, puzzling on how to put it.

"My take on a French 75," Claire said, as if that meant anything to him. "Champagne and gin. A dash of Realfruit lime for your fancy-smancy corpo roots and sugar* syrup, with one part ChroManticore Lime to mellow it out further but still give it a kick."

Those were certainly words. What was that asterisk about, anyway?

Jaune gave the cocktail a try under the careful gaze of the bartender. Soon, he was humming in appreciation. The drink went down like juice, refreshing and rather fizzy. The chroma-whatsit must have been a cola.

"Well?" asked Claire.

"I can see it becoming a favorite of mine, that's for sure," Jaune gave his verdict to the bartender's smug satisfaction.

Tiny Mike leaned in, peering at the glass with interest. "That's yours then, is it?" he said, the meaning admittedly passing over Jaune's head. Claire chided him, something about bad luck.

Over the rim of his glass, Jaune observed the room and he soon deemed the time right. The patrons of the bar were paying attention, but the ice had been broken. Tiny Mike and Claire had as good as vouched for him, marking him as one of their own. He took another sip, then set the glass on the counter.

"I hear that if you want to gather a crew, you go to the Afterlife," he said in a casual fashion, to the near instant hush of his surroundings.

"Y-Yeah, that's right. The best of the best in Night City comes here, everybody knows that. Why? You recruiting?" Tiny Mike said, his stupor a mirror of many faces. The man had jolted out of his easygoing pose, and his demeanor bore an eagerness that hadn't been there before.

"For one job, yes," Jaune confirmed. "A real big score."

That got them to sit up.

"Are you serious!?" Tiny Mike nearly squeed. A cough, and he recovered his composure. Or at least put up a facade of it. "Well, don't be shy. What's the deets, brother? A merc's gotta know what he's getting into before he commits to a cause."

Fair enough. Jaune nodded in respect to the sentiment. "Days ago, the Arasaka Corporation abducted David Martinez. They ambushed him while he was down."

If his previous comment got them to sit up, then this one put them on their feet. A roar of voices blasted over him, hollering about how that couldn't be, expressing their disbelief. More than one person regarded him with suspicion, thinking he had something to do with it. That was alright. He dispelled those misgivings with a single sentence.

"Tonight, I'm going to bust him out."

Eyes on me, eyes on me, he thought. Yuell had taught him a lesson in star power. People were stronger than they knew, and would jump into a fight no matter how impossible if only they had someone to stand at the front for them to follow. Here, there were two names to rally around.

He was the rising star. The one with the momentum, the pictures in the news. That counted for a lot.

But Martinez? He was the face of the Afterlife, a son of Night City. That counted for more.

He could already tell the ones itching to sign up. Younger faces. Fresher faces. The dreamers and hotshots following in Martinez's footsteps, swept up in Jaune's hype. They formed a small contingent in this exclusive club that favored veterans, but their foolish hearts guided their decision.

As for those with more experience, they were a bit more reticent. A certain problem loomed large in their minds.

"You, Johnny, are taking on Arasaka," Tiny Mike stated in a strange tone of voice. His eyes darted around, and his cheeks puffed up as he blew out a breath. "Cool. Cool, cool, cool." All of a sudden, being associated with Jaune seemed like a very risky endeavor for him.

"Weren't you two guys enemies?" Claire asked, more bewildered by the fact that he of all people came forward with this proposal.

"We sure are," he answered. He retrieved his cocktail to take a sip, then idly swirled the glass as he looked around. "You hit the nail on the head, Claire. It was us two. Between me and him. Arasaka had no rights to stick their beak into our business. But now that they did… What was it that you said, Mike? 'Pick the biggest guy in the room, and punch him in the face'? That's what I'm doing here. It's what I want you for. The story of David Martinez doesn't get to end like this."

Would he sway them, he decided not to wait to find out. With a flourish of his free hand, a small hill of datashards and eddie bills appeared on the bar counter. Loose pieces cascaded down as rivers, spilling out over the flat surface. The small fortune, and the magic trick, left people gawking.

Lucy offered everything she owned, and since he wouldn't be staying here much longer, Jaune had added earnings from various jobs, back alley reverse-shakedowns, and that time Lisa bet on his underground fighting ring matches into the pot. He plucked a datashard from the pile and flicked the small chip over to Tiny Mike. The amount on it should be about the same as all the others after he asked Kiwi to even out the various sums. As for the result, well, Tiny Mike's shaky hand slid the shard into the slot on his neck (ew!) while his colleagues watched on, and he soon whistled at the number he discovered there. The calculations ran in his head, with him then nodding to confirm that Jaune had one more gun on his side.

Kiwi had drilled a simple concept into his head earlier. He couldn't say he agreed, but hey, she was the one who lived here. Her wisdom was this: edgerunners… liked getting paid. Pretty words only went so far when the news kept lying, the corporations kept lying, the politicians kept lying day in and day out.

So, if he wanted these rebels to fight for a cause, he better show them the money.

On the other side of the room, Tattletale and Kiwi both gave him a thumbs-up. They had gathered a small group of recruits between them. Next to the pair, Lucy showed a stiff, nervous smile. She meant him to be a sacrifice, fighting and falling as a distraction for her to slip away with her man. Now she caught an inkling of his plan, and unfortunately for her, she was already on the ride.

This solo had no intentions of going at it alone.



-o-
​


Tattletale was in fine form, in Jaune's opinion.

"It will work. It's a lot harder to spot a person in the air than one would think, especially when you can spoof the cyberware scans," she explained to the room at large. "Meanwhile, the coolant spray will get his temperature down, and coupled with the sheer heat of that many people gathered together plus all the lights, it should mask his approach from infrared well enough to give him a few more seconds to work with."

She slapped her hand down on the pool table, going right through the holographic map projected on its surface by the device installed in the ceiling. (She was very taken with this piece of tech and advocated stealing a set for themselves.)

"And when he's coming down, I want every scrap of stolen fireworks going off. Screen, screen, screen, people. The snipers they post out there are gonna be blinded by the time we're done, while everybody else will think it's part of the festivities. So remember to touch base with squad E and squad 5, for your explosive needs, 'kay? Any questions?"

A hand rose.

Tattletale stabbed a finger in that direction. "You in the back, from team Alphabet Soup."

A few mercs moved aside, revealing a woman in her thirties with signs of heavy augmentation in her arms. The woman scratched her head.

"I have just the one…. Who are you?"

Tattletale growled. "Oh for the love of—" She beckoned, and Jaune helped her climb on the pool table where she cupped her hands like a megaphone. "I'm a part of Johnny's team! Got that? I'm part of the team! I said this already!"

Somewhere within the assembled crowd, on team Number Salad's side of things, another voice called out, "Yeah well, I never saw you in the videos!"

"I'm his netrunner. If you can see me, there's a problem!" raged the teenage supervillainess.

Kiwi fake-coughed something that sounded suspiciously like 'liar', earning herself a glower from the girl standing on the table.

"What?" said Kiwi. "You guess computer passwords through a game of Cluedo. You're good, but you're not a netrunner by any definition of the word."

That comment set Tattletale off on another round of asserting dominance over everyone in the vicinity, to much tears and grief. Jaune spent this time committing the current iteration of the map to memory, while also keeping an eye on Lucy who for the past ten minutes had been gazing off into the distance with a thousand-yard stare.

The people Lucy helped to gather at the start of this were saboteurs. Netrunners that she knew and advocated for. She had a whole plan of scrambling communications, before setting fires and explosions in multiple places to draw Arasaka forces away from the parade. Depending on how much of Arasaka's intentions she was aware of, this would either be a swift and expedient strategy, or a lie she was selling to excuse throwing him and him alone into the lion's den.

She hadn't expected him to tap additional people for the rescue. Or for the adventurer duo to bring in the friends they made from their last visit to the Afterlife, who brought their friends. Even Hu Tao managed to rope a couple of suckers into it. Apparently, she provided them with coffins at a discount for deaths in the family.

Lucy also hadn't expected to see Tattletale start kicking people out, the supervillainess citing that she could detect their bad intentions and prying way too far into their secrets (including but not limited to whistleblowing tendencies, cowardice, and sexual diseases). Now, Lucy appeared to be living in terror of showing the slightest traitorous thought lest Tattletale called her out on it.

As for the map, it had grown ever more complicated as time went on. The parade would take place on Japantown's largest thoroughfare, where haphazard building codes had led to two solid walls of impossible heights filled in with rooftop plazas and bridges. Behind the windows lay rooms teeming with hidden security forces who were armed better than the Atlas military given what he was seeing in front of his eyes. From sniper nests to robotic drones the size of Imperial tanks to what Kiwi suspected might be corporate ninjas given the messages she intercepted between Faraday and his Arasaka contact, the map glowed in the crimson red color of their foe.

Corporate ninjas were not actual ninjas, to his disappointment. They posed many times the danger, however.

Pockets highlighted in green denoted civilian spaces. Lo and behold, extra viewing areas had opened up at the last minute, so he could look forward to waving at them all from a parade float.

"You okay there, Jaune?" asked Tattletale as she hopped back down to the floor.

"Just perfect," he said, faking it hard.

Tattletale squinted at him. "Uh-huh. If you say so. Anywho, it's your turn to report. How did it go with Wakako?"


"I named you after a fool, and hoped for you to die. I knew you'd bring trouble."
​

Jaune heaved a long breath. "Wakako will do as I ask. She owes me that much." He looked down at the map, despondent at the memory. "You were right, by the way."

Tattletale read the whole of the story from his eyes. Uncannily for her, she did not say that she told him so.

There was apparently a saying in Night City, that people remembered a legend by how they die.

The fixer had been in on it, accepting work from Arasaka to pit him against Martinez's crew. She excused it by saying that one did not live long by refusing Arasaka, yet she was far too happy to milk their purse for all it was worth. Would she have backstabbed him in a worse way, given time? He dreaded the answer to that.

He still struggled to understand the full implication of what the old woman meant, the things she spoke to his back as he walked away. But in the end, it was clear that she never saw him as he thought she did.

A hand came to rest on his shoulder. Kiwi was peering at him with an impassive gaze. "If you like, I can hack her implants. Give her a really bad day," she said in a soft, almost sympathetic tone. The actual words leaned more toward ice-cold, though.

Jaune gave a short laugh, and shook his head. "No need. I owe her some, despite it all." He cocked his head, and his smile grew more genuine. "You know, that guy doesn't deserve a teammate as kind as you."

"Stop it…" Kiwi demurred, turning away from him.

He shook off his malaise and returned his attention to the briefing, addressing Tattletale. "Have you figured out which float Martinez will be on?"

Tattletale let out a frustrated noise. "I'm getting there. We have ten options to choose from... Technically, there's also a bunch of smaller sub-floats, but their positions wouldn't make sense."

"He's got to be in the middle," said an edgerunner on the other side of the pool table. "Every convoy I've ever intercepted has their valuables in the middle car."

Tattletale waggled her hand in an iffy gesture. "I'd agree with you, but if the lineup stays the same as in the brochure, then that float provides too much cover. They will want him in a nice open space. The second, third, and seventh float from the front is a better bet."

"This is too complicated," someone complained. "We should raid them before they load him on."

"If you know where they're keeping him, do tell us," said Kiwi drily.

"It's not a big deal, at any rate," Tattletale added. "This step can remain flexible until go-time. I'll just have to scope it out during the parade. What you should concern yourself with is what happens after my partner here lands." She bumped him with her hips. "Every Arasaka soldier in play will converge on him."

Tiny Mike nodded. "And that's when we strike."

"Some of you," Tattletale corrected, and jerked her thumb at Jaune. "Remember that our best card is him. Free him up to do his thing and he's a one-man army. He'll get Martinez out of there, and he'll get you out of there."

It did his ego wonders, the way the people around him seemed to take that at face value. They believed. And when he opened his mouth to speak, they stopped to listen.

"Do try to make some noise, though," he said with a mild grin. "It's a festival, after all."

That got him a round of chuckles. The nature of edgerunners, on the whole, was of one loud song screamed into a microphone. Making noise was what they did best.

He kept the actual reason close to heart, which is that the bigger the mess he caused, the better Kiwi's part in it could fade to the background. This entire endeavor was a balancing act of taking plausible steps for someone in his position without alerting Arasaka that he was privy to insider knowledge, while utterly humiliating them. In an ideal world, the architects behind the scheme were going to face the kind of trouble from their bosses that made revenge against Kiwi an inconsequential priority. Perhaps then she would be free to go her own way.

"Your squad leaders have the checklist of objectives I handed out," Tattletale reminded them all, while Kiwi fiddled with the hologram. Emblems of the various edgerunner crews populated the map, with arrows showing the directions they should go. Colors pulsed to highlight obstacles they could expect to meet. "I will field questions later but go over it with them, and be sure you know what we're asking. Outside of that, anything goes."

"That's all fine and good," said a woman who had slipped her way forward to study the map. "But what about the endgame? The exfil? This entire op is a bust if that David kid can't get away."

"Johhny has it handled, right?" Tiny Mike said, and mimed a pair of flapping wings.

"Going up might seem expedient for a guy that can fly, but it limits options," the woman, an older lady with punkish hair, replied. "You don't want to get caught on a rooftop with no way off."

"I can't drag his fat butt up there anyhow," Jaune further provided. "Going down is no good either, so long as the crowd remains on the scene. A descent would draw fire that could get some people hurt."

The woman snorted, as did Tiny Mike. "Try everybody dead. Arasaka isn't known for their careful regard toward collateral damage."

"Is that true, though?" Jaune asked with a wince. "They would be causing a massacre. That's insane."

Kiwi shrugged, chiming in, "Bribe the police to clear the bodies. Direct the news to blame it on you and David. Business as usual."

"Blame me for what, not standing still to get shot? How does that make sense?"

"It doesn't, but they'll do it anyway and everyone will believe it. Even those who were at the festival."

An edgerunner grumbled. "News literacy's been in the crapper since 2050." He seemed to be speaking from experience, the way he swiped a finger over the scars on his face.

Neither down nor up, unless circumstances aligned. That left one path open if Jaune was inclined toward escaping.

"Your best bet is to go through the buildings," the old woman said. "Prepare breaching charges, because they're built back to back for blocks, and the one you find yourself in might only exit out at a bad location. Always have a contingency. The more horizontal distance you put between yourself and a pursuer, the better."

Jaune gave her a grateful nod. "Thanks for the advice, old-timer—" He paused as Kiwi nudged him.

"Don't call her old," she hurriedly whispered. "That's Rogue Amendiares. She'll kick us out in a heartbeat if we annoy her."

He blinked, and turned his gaze back toward the old, ahem, the finely-aged woman.

"Wait a minute, you own the Afterlife? What are you doing over here?" he asked her.

The woman had her scars that she wore with pride. Her clothes suited a person that needed to spring into action at any moment, with chrome armor built into her body. She might have been a solo once upon a time. She stood like one.

Rogue thought on his question, panning her gaze from one face to the next. "For my amusement, I reckon. When I heard that half my mercs were setting out to bail their choom from a megacorp, it sounded like a lark."

He might be the better liar between them, because for him, her words did not ring with the truth. Her voice was sad and sweet, and a little lost. She must have noticed it, too, for she pressed on.

"I figured you bunch of cyberpunks could use some advice on how to avoid a real afterlife."

Jaune leaned on the table, and tilted his head to the side.

"A cyber-wha?"

The term was unfamiliar. Yet, its meaning was somehow not. He saw the answer all around him. The ones bought, and the ones starstruck. Those who carried a chip on their shoulder against the megacorps, and those chasing a dream. They went from shifty looks and tense stances, to something more certain.

The mistress of the Afterlife responded with a wry smirk.

"An idiot, 'Johnny'. It means an idiot."

"Well," Jaune said. "That's not making me feel very confident."

Rogue Amendiares just laughed, on and on.

For Night City, this festival would be one to remember.


Author's Notes: I have a goal. No cliffhangers. So, have an early chapter.
Expect either two chapters next week, or one big chapter at the end.
Last edited: Apr 23, 2026
Stories:
QQ Sneaking His Way into the Multiverse , a RWBY Jaune, WC-lite mechanics story.
Other RWBY stories on AO3 or FF - Yakuza Arc | Conquered Menagerie: Annals of the Sixth Kingdom | Cat, Bunny, and the Good Ship Honey Starbright | The Agent
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Amdiranifani, Amrynel and 468 others
LazyAutumnMoon
Apr 23, 2026
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 80: Just Another Night City Cyberpunk
View content
LazyAutumnMoon
LazyAutumnMoon
We all need Sundancer in our life.
JoinedJun 7, 2024
Messages289
Likes received68,284
May 2, 2026
Add bookmark
#7,443

Chapter 80: Just Another Night City Cyberpunk
​


"You're gonna get a stomachache, just say~ing."

Tattletale had to somewhat shout to be heard over a festival in full swing. What seemed like the entire city had shown up to partake in the revelries, and the combined din shook the ground below their feet. Anywhere Jaune looked, he saw people laughing and hollering with all their might. Japantown had never been so alive.

"I vetted the shop," Kiwi assured them as she handed Jaune the pair of dango skewers. He thanked her and tried to pass one to Tattletale, who pushed it right back towards him. "The food is of decent quality. Very little bot reviews."

"That's a good enough endorsement for me. Thanks, Kiwi!" said Jaune as he dug into the fake sweet with gusto. He had downed an antidote before instead of after this time, so hopefully that would have an effect on staving off any issues. Tattletale shook her head as she watched him, grumbling about how Kiwi didn't even eat this stuff and wouldn't know good food if it hit her in the face. He was going to have to talk with her about that, as it fell under the 'don't talk smack and alienate your allies' rule they had been working on (the darn thing could never move out of the early test phase for some reason).

They relocated to a free spot at the nearby balcony to get some privacy. Tattletale and Kiwi rested their arms on the railings whereas he leaned on it with his back. He had once again worn a cap pulled low for anonymity. His poncho could have presented a problem if Night City hadn't been so on the ball, and the high number of people donning bootleg facsimiles of its red-and-while ambulance design ensured that nobody gave him a second glance. Tattletale enjoyed an even easier time of it, as not a single person recognized her in the first place.

(Enjoy was, admittedly, the wrong word to use. She raged for near a minute over her lack of notoriety.)

From this vantage point, he observed the festival as he snacked on the dangos.

Lanterns crisscrossed above them, the lights inside flickering to mimic candles and casting the scene below in a red glow. The event grounds spanned a wide main road, but as the map they so meticulously studied had shown, the cliffsides formed by far too many buildings smushed together stretched upward to the point that it made the street seem cramped. Scattered across this urban ravine were assorted plazas built to varying standards of safety codes, each a party of its own competing to be the star of the show. Utter bedlam dominated as a result, with his level hosting an impromptu rave in the far corner. The DJ was at the center of a crowd, holding a data tablet high, spamming music at top volume as around her dancers bounced up and down. Head on up the set of steps to his right, and one would eventually encounter her supposed eternal rival doing the exact same thing.

Meanwhile, giant screens strapped to the side of buildings advertised a host of special performances and events happening at this floor or that floor, some of them hacked into the itinerary by those with netrunning skills, contributing to a never-ending flow of pedestrian traffic. The higher a person went, the pricier and more exclusive it got. Gambling ran rampant.

Overlaying it all was a folksy, techno beat that reverberated for the length of the street, fading in and out depending on where a person was. He couldn't help but bop his head to the catchy tune.

And okay, yes, some of that stuff didn't sound so great. Also, the trash was piling up like nobody's business, the prices were downright criminal, and two fires already had to be put out. But on the whole, people were coming together for the celebration, losing themselves in this sense of camaraderie that had been missing for much of Jaune's time in this world. It felt amazing to be part of the crowd again.

"All teams are in position. Ready for your go," Kiwi reported, her eyes flashing intermittently as she fielded calls. Apparently, the edgerunners lending their aid today had a chatroom situation going on in addition to the individual conversations, and it was just as wild in there as the party out here. The mood of the festival had swept them up, bolstered by the discretionary funds—Tattletale's turn of phrase for what he simply called pocket money—that he handed out to the various crews for the sake of morale.

"Same with our people," Tattletale informed him. "Look, they're waving at us."

He followed her finger pointing down and across the street, and soon spotted Fischl and Hu Tao. Dressed in casual kitsch fashion, they both struck silly poses as he held up his scroll to take a picture of them. A few floors away on this side, Bennett peered over the edge of his building, balanced in so precarious a manner that Jaune feared he would tumble at any moment. Elsewhere, Escha slunk low atop the awnings of a plaza, completely unseen by the festival-goers.

They dithered here for a while, chitchatting, but soon Kiwi pushed off of the railings. Jaune straightened up.

"You're going now?" he said. "I still want you to know that I think it's a risky move."

"I can't let them suspect that I've gone off-script," Kiwi said, brushing off the concern. "Anyway, being near Faraday will let me head off problems before they become an issue. Maybe I'll see how he plans on luring you out."

Past Kiwi, Jaune saw Tattletale very slightly nodding her head. The girl heard neither lie nor betrayal in those words. Jaune hadn't needed that, or at least would not admit as such, but it was reassuring to know.

"Good luck, then," he said, and signaled across the street. The hidden felyne began scampering toward a bridge. "Don't hesitate to call out to Escha at the first sign of trouble. That cat will be on you in seconds."

Kiwi hmmed as she began to walk away. "Will do. But I doubt it's necessary."

With a small wave over her shoulder, Kiwi faded into the crowd to leave Jaune and Tattletale by themselves. In her own way, the netrunner would be standing at the eye of a storm, spying on Arasaka's movements and passing that information along to Tattletale who held overall command. It had taken some work to connect Tattletale's phone to everyone else's holocall function, plus to the headphones Jaune passed out to his teammates (no, there was no agenda), but the resulting web of communication channels should see them coordinating in a speedy fashion.

Everyone was in place. And as the music took a turn, they all welcomed the parade.

It began with the sound of drums, carrying far and loud over the night air. A rousing rhythm that thumped in a person's chest to awaken the senses, and stir the spirits. In time with the beat, lights dimmed one by one to a uniform shade that tinted the world in blue.

With the stage set, strange shapes bloomed in the distant mist. Jaune peered into the gloom, searching for a recognizable form amid the undulating movements just out of sight. His eyes grew wide as they came into focus.

Any prior conception of what made a parade rewrote itself in his mind as he beheld a school of fish, big as buses and painted in all the colors of the rainbow, swimming in between the buildings with the road as their river. The half-transparent forms of the holograms were welcomed with shrieks of joy as they crashed into the crowds, weaving into and through the walls, then out again. He could hear the chatter of his friends from the phone in Tattletale's hand, the marvel in Bennett's tone and Fischl's shouts. Hu Tao overtook them all in voicing her approval when the lanterns relit, like ten thousand fireflies, to herald the first of the parade floats.

The 'float' measured wide as a house, a wooden boat riding a current only it could see. How it stayed airborne was a mystery of engineering beyond his understanding, as so many things were. On its back sat the tall statue of a fox, the head turning from one side of the street to the other. Its eyes happened to meet his gaze, and ignited in a fire-red glow that he had to admit caused his heart to stop for a moment.

The drums swelled in volume, and the next float rolled in. And the next, and the next, each bearing a new motif. A warrior's head. A snake. A tree in bloom. On and on. They held meanings that escaped him.

Except for one.

"Target spotted on the seventh float. It's David Martinez," said an unknown voice from Tattletale's phone, a lookout posted near the front where the Arasaka presence was thickest. "Goddamn, what did they do to him?" The comment got them a few prying looks from people in their surroundings, but it mattered little at this point.

What the lookout referred to soon grew clear. On a float decorated with shrine gates, those red curving arches sitting between poles that he sometimes saw here and there, knelt a young man chained to the floor, out in the open. He wore no shirt, and in front of him there was a low table on which rested a sword. A susurration swept through the crowd as more people caught sight of the figure.

"Torii gates," Tattletale murmured, holding her chin. "Hmmm. In Japanese traditions, they mark the boundary between this world and the spiritual realm. It looks like they've put him in the pose of a person committing ritual suicide." She tched. "Arasaka is trying to be cute. They're saying that he's not leaving here alive."

"I'm not so sure they're wrong," Jaune commented, leaning over the railings for a better look across the distance.

The only reason he could recognize Martinez was because they left the boy his face. Starting from behind the ears and traveling downward, metal had replaced any semblance of flesh. Sleeker than the clunky cyberware he previously used that had bulked him up to surreal proportions, this new form slimmed Martinez down some yet cast him in the dark gray of a cold machine.

"Wasn't too much cyberware supposed to be bad?" he wondered. "Something about mental overload, I remember. Well, I don't know where the line is, but I think he's gone past it by a few miles."

Martinez's face seemed oddly blank. He twitched from time to time, although the distance made it hard to tell whether that was a trick of the light or not.

Tattletale groaned. "What really concerns me is the sword. It's a katana. The blade is too long for this sick show they're putting on, which suggests they intended it for another use…"

The big TV screen opposite them flickered to interrupt Tattletale. Up and down the street, others of its kind followed suit, the ads swapping out for a man sitting behind a desk with a grainy video playing in one corner. He shuffled the papers on the desk and leaned forward.

[A car chase on the highway occurred late last night caused quite a stir—]

The recording switched to a woman in a crisp suit. The video playing next to her showed a shootout.

[The local gang Maelstrom was ambushed by an unnamed mercenary moving at sonic speed—]

Barely five seconds in, that changed an amateur video clip of two people landing on an AV. Then, to figures balanced on top of a moving train. On and on, it went.

The stories rang with a familiar note, even the ones he had no part in. Each featured either him or Martinez. Bullets flew and explosions rang, it looked like a montage of action films… until things took a turn, beginning with a burning building.

Crying children. People mowed down. The destitute living in squalor. An altogether different flavor of images flashed across the screen at a rapid pace.

Tattletale remarked, "Uh-oh, I know what they're doing."

Jaune found that he did not need her to explain, for Arasaka was not at all being subtle. That first part had hyped him and Martinez up, playing into the violence that so entertained the people here. It got everybody excited. It promised a show.

The slander and lies were there to turn the audience against them. It made the people want to see them bleed.

This premonition playing at the back of his mind became a certainty as the screen shifted one more time, ending on something right out of a video game. A jagged line cut the panel in two diagonal halves. David Martinez appeared first, name emblazoned below his figure, his image taken recently as it featured his new look. He roared across the screen, an arm stretched out as if to grab at someone. A big "VS" slapped down onto the center of the box, followed by Jaune shooting into the frame on his rocket boots, glider wings unfurling to bring him to a halt. He remembered that moment from the incident with the AV he sold off just before it collided with the highway. The name beneath him simply said "Johnny."

Now, while he did not need Tattletale to explain, it would be completely unnecessary, please just stop, she did it anyway. "Man, they ran a whole character arc for you two, except you're both the heels in this match."

"Yeah, I got that part."

"Sure you did, sure," she placated him with a knowing look in her eyes. Shaking her head, she returned her gaze to the screen. "Every story needs a hero though, and if I have to guess, Arasaka is setting themselves up for the role. That way, the optics will let them dispose of you however they like. Try not to let them capture you, because I don't think anybody in this hellhole of a city would go out of their way to take your side."

"Are you, of all people, advocating for death before surrender?" he joked. "Tattletale, I don't know what to say. Am I having an influence on you?"

A scoff was her answer. "You're too stubborn to die. Kinda like a cockroach."

The confidence with which she declared that made him smile. (The mean-spirited part, he'd consider it her attempt to save face.)

"That said," she continued, more uncertainly. "This rescue thing did just become a teensy bit more complicated. Now, I'm not saying we should ditch, but I have a feeling that asking him nicely to follow you wouldn't cut it."

He acknowledged that stellar and not at all obvious assessment on Martinez's psyche with a nod, but made no move to leave. "Give it a little time, Tattletale. We're not out of options yet," he said casually. "Why don't you get Lucy on the line, and help her think of how to deal with this."

Tattletale narrowed her eyes, peering at him with suspicion. "And care to share what you are doing in the meantime?"

"Well, they're blatantly goading me. I think we can all agree on that. I'll have to be stupid to go down there now."

The ones behind this ploy knew him only as an edgerunner, and they designed the message to hit him where they expected it to hurt—his reputation. After muddying his name, they then pushed forward the challenge. The threat of being seen as a coward would surely pressure him to show his face, putting him where they wanted, when they wanted.

A light hop placed him atop the balcony, where he bent his knees low, coiled like a spring. His hands each filled with a canister, thumbs on the activation switch.

"But hey, I did come ready for a fight. Send out the signal, Tattletale. We're going for it."

He lobbed the canisters into the air, and a pale white smoke bloomed to engulf the area. On its heels, rockets borne on jets of flames launched from every corner of the festival grounds, ignited by a dozen different teams of mercs. They reached the apex of their ascent to explode in a firework show that drowned out the drums and turned night to day.

With a laugh, Jaune leapt right over the edge.

"Hello, Night City!"



-o-
​


It hurt. His whole world hurt.

It never stopped hurting, not since that day.

But if he just endured, like his mom said, if he could just hold on…

One day the pain would end, and he'd have what he always wanted.

Right?



-o-
​


The thing that knelt there was not quite a man. He muttered and hissed at the noises around him, seeing ghosts and shadows every which way. The shape of him had become a little too angular, corners where there should be rounded muscles, chipped in to the max by a cruel entity that cared not if it went past his limit. That may, in fact, have been why they did it. To find how hard they could push his limits. Altogether, he looked like his depiction on the TV screens. A dangerous, dangerous machine.

His glassy eyes snapped up, for as the light show died down, a lone burst of fire remained in the night. A figure walked across the air to the sound of tinkling bells, and lightly touched down on the parade float. Red and white on a pair of blue jeans, his was an eclectic mix of colors that followed no rhyme. A water balloon dangled off his belt, dancing merrily with his movements. One of his hands checked a broken clock before stowing it away, while the other tucked an ornate feathered dart into a front pocket to serve as a boutonniere. On his face, he wore a smile. A smile, and a mask reminiscent of a fox, two pointy ears standing above eyes narrowly shaped in mirth.

Torii gates lined the parade float, the tiles on the floor mimicking an old shrine path where the weeds grew between the cracks. Neon lights reflected off the smoke surrounding his form as he strode forward, and in this moment he resembled nothing so much as a figure from the old folk tales of a different era, where spirits visit in the dead of night to torment the unsuspecting.

His words, however, were a little more mundane than that.

"Heeeey, you okay? You still in there, Martinez?" Jaune asked, holding his hands before him in a calming gesture. Beneath his feet, he felt the parade float slow to a halt.

The answer, if he got one, passed unnoticed due to a new development. With confirmation of his appearance, a concerning amount of laser dots crisscrossed the floor of the float to zero in on him. They originated from windows and ledges where snipers had laid in wait, and taken together it sent a message: don't even think of moving. On the heels of these forces, massive drones the size of tanks were descending from the sky with their heavy, heavy guns aimed his way. What really drew his eyes were the bundles of netting installed below those drones, something about how they crackled with small sparks. It would suck to get caught in that.

The veneer of entertaining the masses peeled back, and what lurked behind it was aaall business.

His mask obscured his expression as he watched them, leaving only downturned lips. He spoke into the phone hanging off his neck.

"...Tattletale?"

"Yeah, yeah, we're on it. Let me show you a magic trick."

He heard a theatrical finger-snap over the line. A good half of the laser dots vanished.

"Better?"

"Better," he said, as the world around him erupted into chaos.

The cohesion between the remaining laser dots broke apart. Some stayed on him, while others swung away in panicked jerks, the snipers behind those sights suddenly finding themselves beset by hostiles. Jaune saw one fumbling around on a balcony, his vision robbed by a netrunner. On the level above that, another sniper was tackled clear off his feet by an unassuming merc with a cybernetic arm. Similar scenes played out on both sides of the road, while confusion swept over festival-goers uncertain on whether this was part of the show.

In the air, the drones fared no better. The netrunners working with him were having fun with this one. He hadn't known about the projectors installed in them, but over time each drone began to display an icon in front of their bulky frame, from smiley faces to graffiti to cartoon samurai. A few immediately put on a race, whereas others spun in place due to Arasaka's own netrunners vying to regain control.

All in all…

"That should give us a moment to talk, don't you think?" he asked the other person occupying this place, unperturbed by the guns still trained on him. That they had yet to fire revealed their purpose as a show of force, a threat. Arasaka didn't want to hurt him too badly before they had their chance to cut him open.

Another finger-snap over the phone, and those guys soon had bigger problems on their hands.

"You're dead, Johnny. You're dead," muttered David Martinez, his eyes unfocused. "Gonna kill you. Then Faraday. Then Arasaka. Then you. Then Faraday. Then…"

The boy chanted on in a broken loop, and listening from the sideline, Jaune had to wince in sympathy.

Cyberpsychosis, he believed it was called. A phenomenon with ties to cyberware, in which a person went completely off the rails. Once he started paying attention, he tended to hear about it from the news reporting on a murderous rampage. The city was supposed to have a response team for this, but as Jaune cast his gaze over the surroundings, he suspected he would not be seeing much of that.

A beeping sound emitted from the thick shackles keeping Martinez in place. A click and they popped open, hitting the tiles with a heavy clang. Martinez startled at his newfound freedom, rubbing his wrists in astonishment.

Jaune quietly spoke into the phone, "Tattletale, were any of our people responsible for that?"

"Nope. Not at all."

"I figured," he said. He kept a close eye on the other boy, waiting for the inevitable moment when that fractured mind again registered his presence. "Okay, looks like he's here to wear me down for Arasaka to go in for the capture. Are you in contact with Lucy, yet? What's her take on this?"

"I am. We need you to stall for time. His cyberware has defense programs attached to them that resists outside hacks, but Lucy thinks she can work around them. Keep him busy—"

"But don't hurt him!" Lucy cut in, sounding well on her way to frazzled.

David Martinez jerked his head up. His entire focus was now on Jaune, and in a split second, those empty eyes filled with rage.

"Don't what? You're going to have to give me something better than that!" Jaune yelled at the phone, summoning his sword and shield as Martinez dove for the katana on the table in front of him. It was almost an old routine by this point, how they immediately charged toward one another.

Edgerunners adhered to a strange idea of fair play. In 2076, any and every cyberware was always allowed in a fight. That was a lesson Jaune learned the hard way, and one he put into practice now that he knew the signs. The tensing of the shoulders, the flash of light in the eyes that signaled the flipping of a switch. Martinez was playing his old favorite.

The Sandevistan was a force of nature that laughed in the face of skill. To truly counter it, a person had to be… built different, or something. That, or lucky beyond belief.

What Jaune could hope for was to anticipate the lightning bolt. Gold swirled around him, enclosing him in a protective sphere.

Martinez slammed into it a moment later, the ground behind him seemingly cracking apart by itself. He had the edge of his sword pressed against the glowing Geo energy, and was blinking in confusion at the barrier that had cracked but not shattered.

Behind the shield, Jaune regarded his foe with mild interest.

"They upgraded your game, didn't they? Usually it takes you a bit of a run-up to achieve that." He tapped a finger to his mask, that mystical artifact which worked on the rules of another world. "But sorry, I'm cheating too!" He snapped out a kick on that last word, one which would have broken a normal man's shin. In this case, the steel toes of the boots passed through the Geo shield to strike metal, screeching off sparks on the angled plating. Other than that, Martinez barely registered the blow.

"What did you do to Lucy?" Martinez screamed. "I swear, if you hurt her I will flatline you!"

Jaune, who was about to follow up the kick with a stab of his sword, paused.

"She's safe," he said, soothingly. "We're all on the same side now to get you out of here."

For a second there, he expected that to work. Even more so when Lucy pleaded with Martinez from the other side of the phone to stop, to answer her holocall, to come back to her.

Martinez's face morphed into a snarl.

"You think I'm an idiot, gonk? You took her!" Martinez swung his katana back, holding it all wrong like a baseball bat.

His form blurred, moving a few inches to the left. By that point, the shield surrounding Jaune had shattered to send him cartwheeling end over end. A phantom pain seared across his chest, but he had experienced far worse than that for it to incapacitate him. Three quick bursts of his rockets flipped him upright, and he dove toward Martinez as the other boy panted from the blowback of activating his Sandevistan.

Except, in a heartbeat, Martinez activated his Sandevistan again.

Or so Jaune assumed as he launched like a bullet from the parade float. Really, he was getting way too used to this.

He rode the momentum instead of fighting it, pulling out his glider as the wall of a building loomed in front of him. With fire jetting below his heels, he banked hard to hit the wall with his boots, running on its surface for a few steps before jumping off and taking flight again.

It was nice having all this room to work with. The Jaune Arcs of the world belonged under the open sky.

A sniper in an open window took aim at him as he flew close. Jaune then witnessed that soldier's head turning into a red paste as Rebecca unloaded a pair of SMGs on the poor fellow from mere feet away. The last he saw as he passed the window, Rebecca had proceeded to wreak havoc inside the room, firing with guns akimbo. Near there, Tiny Mike and his crew were trying to breach one of the places marked by Kiwi as an Arasaka command center.

He searched for Tattletale, but couldn't find her. Same, in the case of Bennett who she co-opted as a protection detail. Fischl and Hu Tao, however, were hard at work alongside teams of mercs to herd civilians into the cover of the buildings. The citizens of Night City did not make it easy, for they did so love a show. A fair number even decided to join in on taking potshots at Arasaka forces, pulling out an unholy number of guns from who knew where. Jaune was rather leery at that, having not accounted for these wannabe edgerunners with dubious survival prospects, but it was too late to stop them now. In any event, they helped to keep the snipers off his back and for that he was grateful.

After a quick survey to grasp the current state of things, he returned his attention to the parade float, and the conundrum awaiting him there. Whatever cyberware Arasaka had shoved inside David Martinez, it seemed to have fixed the downsides to the Sandevistan… or, considering what he had heard of the corporation's approach to science, it took a shortcut and just disconnected him from his senses to leave him unable to feel the strain. In which case, he would say there was a significant difference between solving a problem and pretending it didn't exist until it blows up.

Hopefully, not in a literal sense.

As Jaune closed in on the parade float, Martinez zipped atop one of the torii gates. The boy could have jumped onto there without issue from what Jaune could tell, instead of overclocking. Another mark against killing one's sense of pain. Pain was good, it told a person they were dying.

Martinez tensed up, and all over his body, panels popped open. Two on the shoulders, two on the chest, another set on the biceps. Inside each rested what Tattletale referred to as a Projectile Launch System. With a resounding boom that sent him falling back, the edgerunner blasted a half dozen mini-rockets into the air.

Jaune's first instinct was to dodge. He needn't look behind him to know that too many people were still out in the open, and anyway those missiles looked to be tracking him judging by how they curved their flight path. That plan killed, he went for the second option and increased his speed to meet the attack head on.

An instant before impact, he stowed away his wings to suit up in armor, and cocooned behind his two shields, pulling on the power of Geo to further insulate him from the coming blow. He careened into the rockets with the force of a cannonball.

Surprisingly, it almost didn't hurt. His Geo shield took the brunt of the initial force, while the layers of armor in between him and the blooming explosions blunted much of the rest. What made it through smacked him silly, yes, but more as a full body ache that faded once Aura went to work. He tumbled past the flames and smoke, and hit the ground running. Martinez was there, ready to meet him. Jaune braced for a—

"Support incoming," Tattletale relayed to him, right as Martinez engaged his Sandevistan.

The boy's lower body seized up against his will, forcing him out of his enhanced state of speed. A strange shift passed over the edgerunner's face, like he thought he should be feeling immense agony yet did not. Without missing a beat, Jaune used the opening to swap his sword for Ruhm, releasing two rounds at a range where stray shots wouldn't end up in the crowds of civilians.

Bang. Bang. The bullets cracked against Martinez's stomach, gouging into the metal plating. Jaune jumped high to avoid a punch, kicking off Martinez's shoulder to vault over him and land with his back to the edgerunner. He braced his legs, and his entire form pulsed with light. In the next moment, a harsh impact struck the back of his head and stopped cold, the blow he had been waiting for meeting an immovable object. With a grin, Jaune whipped around, rifle changing to sword to let him ram the blade straight through Martinez's leg.

"You were harder to fight when you were thinking!"

And when Jaune didn't have netrunners on his side. A body made of chrome was vulnerable in a way meat was not.

In other words, unlike David Martinez, nobody could seize Jaune by the balls from half a mile away.

Martinez ignored the damage to the leg and pulled it back, trying to take Crocea Mors with him. The blade vanished then appeared again in Jaune's grip as he moved after his foe.

"Don't kill him!" pleaded Lucy.

"See, now we're getting somewhat more reasonable," Jaune said to the empty air. He swung his sword, with Martinez dropping low to let it whiff above his head. "But I'm still going to need more than that. He's gone cyberpsycho. How do we reverse it?"

"I'm working on it! Kiwi, get the hell out of my man!"

"There isn't a cure for cyberpsychosis," Tattletale helpfully informed him.

Wonderful.

All aggression, the other boy no longer knew how to disengage. He closed in, throwing a slash that failed to make it past Jaune's guard, transitioning to a rising knee that Jaune diverted with his shield.

The eyes gave Martinez away, and Jaune swung his shield arm to the side, trusting in whoever had hacked into the edgerunner to come clutch once more. Martinez tripped back to normal speed and right into the edge of the shield. His nose broke under the impact, but with a roar, he pushed past it to shoulder-check Jaune, knocking him down. Jaune quickly rolled upright and ate a boot to the face for the trouble. His back hit the ground as Martinez dove for him, poised for a stab.

The Geo sphere manifested, throwing Martinez up and over, giving Jaune the time to rise and chase after the edgerunner. In midair, Martinez wasted a use of his Sandevistan flailing without leverage, landing with a heavy thump. He blurred, ending on his feet with his katana cutting across Jaune's throat, fast as a whip. Jaune choked on the imagined death. A kick to his chest forced him back.

Martinez had hit his groove, chopping in wild slashes that followed no rhythm. In the face of that, Jaune retreated into a guard, tight and controlled to wait for his moment. The hits to his Aura began to pile up as the unrelenting assault rolled past ten seconds, then twenty, then thirty.

But even madness could not last forever. The instant the katana slowed, Jaune cleaved the blade in half with his sword, following up with [Third Arm] to obscure Martinez's vision.

The opportunity was too good to pass up. Crocea Mors darted out, biting deep.

Lucy screamed over the line as her lover's arm separated from his body at the elbow. Jaune pretended he couldn't hear the heartwrenching cry. Martinez had to backpedal or lose the other arm. [Third Arm] yanked him right back at Jaune.

"Freeze him!" he barked the order.

Once again, Martinez's cyberware failed him, his form growing hazy before snapping back into focus. A blade slammed into his gut, with Jaune using that as leverage to flip the boy over his shoulder, following through to end up above Martinez as he lay on his back, the remains of the katana skittering off across the floor tiles.

Light pulsed around his form, letting Jaune withstand a punch to his chin without flinching.

His phone was blowing up with Lucy's voice, the young woman cursing him up a storm. He somewhat understood the sheer need to lash out at a time like this, he did have multiple occasions where he almost killed her man. As he withdrew his sword and stabbed it down to pin Martinez's remaining arm to the floor, he spoke to the netrunner.

"Look, it was all part of the plan," he assured her.

"Screw you!"

"I'm serious," he lied, hooking an arm under one of Martinez's kicking legs to stop his struggling. His arm groaned as the mechanical limb resisted with superhuman strength. "Since he wouldn't snap out of it, I thought I'll just, well, cut him down a bit and make it easier to drag him along with us."

"That—!" There was a pause. "Wait, that's brilliant."

Now was Jaune's turn to hesitate. "It is?"

"It won't solve everything, but hacking into his chrome just isn't fast enough. Arasaka installed a special self-ICE program in him that I'm still working to understand. As a stopgap, we can reduce the load by having you physically disable his cyberware and that may return him to his senses," Lucy blurted out at a rapid-fire pace. "Johnny, you need to cut him up more!"

Jaune mulled on that as he landed a punch on Martinez's face. "...I know I was the one to start this, but don't you think that's a little drastic? Whatever happened to 'don't hurt him'?"

"It's okay. I'll fix him."

It was at this moment that Jaune decided he was glad to never have fallen in love with a girl like Lucy, a beauty with a side of crazy. He regarded the opponent below him, the boy who had lost none of his rage.

"You know, I don't like you much, but even I'm not that gung-ho about this."

"Kill you kill you kill you!" howled Martinez. "Fucking corpo! If I had your chrome, I'd win. I could have gone to the top like you too! If I just kill yoooou!"

A sigh, and Crocea Mors popped back into his grasp. Immediately, Martinez threw a fist at him with the newly freed arm. Jaune batted it aside, then pulled a handgun and unloaded a clip into the joint of the arm to leave it sparking and spasming. This time, as he regarded the edgerunner, his gaze turned a little colder.

"Your teammates keep on about saving David, saving David, but looking at you now… do you even want to be saved?"

Martinez didn't seem like he understood a word of it, snarling and spitting at Jaune in the unsettling manner of a mad, cornered lion. Had reason returned to him, how would he look at this sorry state of himself? Would he have seen a beast that needed to die, as Jaune did?

Pity turned to anger, and Jaune grabbed him by the hair, dragging him close to scream in his face. "Forget about me and victory and above all else the damn chrome! What is it that you want?"

"Get off of him, this isn't the time! We had a deal!"

"...Lucy…"

Jaune blinked at the softly spoken tone. He almost dismissed it as his imagination, but the moment stuck with him as Martinez resumed his struggle to get free, and he wondered if it had been a bout of clarity or had the boy simply struck upon the name in his mad rambling. He supposed it did not matter.

"Yeah, I thought so."

It was an answer enough for him.

"Where am I cutting?" he said, sword rising.

Lucy hiccuped. Had she been crying? "G-Give me a sec." The laser dot of a sniper rifle appeared, roaming over Martinez to settle on a spot. "Here, three inches below the lowest ribs. I haven't been able to crack the adrenal booster."

The tip of Crocea Mors descended, smoothly sliding between two panels of armor to sink below. Martinez jerked at the intrusion, and something beneath his skin crackled. The boy suddenly relaxed as if all the energy had left him.

"Good. Excess hormones are falling fast. Now, move an inch to the left to hit the second stomach graft."

"Wait, what? Why was that even in there?"

Did Arasaka just put every spare part they had lying around the lab into him?

Then again, they did take the time to strap on a cyberdick, so that wasn't outside the realm of possibilities.

Jaune shook his head, not wishing to think further on that subject. He stabbed where Lucy directed him. Martinez may appear mostly metal, yet blood seemed out of him to inform Jaune that there was still a fleshy body in there. Evidently, Lucy worried about the same.

"Let's leave the pain editor, but the biomonitor can go. It's under the ribcage, be very careful not to hit the heart. I can't fix that."

The backalley surgery continued in defiance of all that was good and decent. Jaune cut and carved and tore pieces from David Martinez, while around him the fighting heated up in earnest. The upper-level plazas had drained of spectators to allow the edgerunners of the Afterlife free rein in engaging Arasaka forces there. Taking control of the elevators should have stemmed the flow of enemy reinforcement. Judging from the increasing amount of bullets flying back and forth, that hadn't worked out as well as he hoped. The bridges were theirs after the initial blitz, though, providing bottlenecks to isolate Arasaka forces from one another for the most part. It kept the two sides even. Bloody, but staving off the instant rout it should have been.

He needed to be there. At the front, to break the tide. People who trusted in him were waiting.

Which was quite unfortunate for David Martinez.

"Fuuuuuuck that hurts!"

"I told you to leave the pain editor alone, you idiot! David! David!"

"Do you see a license on that wall?" Jaune shouted back at Lucy.

"What wall?" David screamed.

"Exactly!"

He did his best, okay? His hand slipped, okay?

Martinez looked down. "What the fuck did you do to me!?"

"I cured you," Jaune insisted. "You have your legs, you have an arm. That's more than some could ask for. Congratulations."

Was he happy about this outcome? Sure, in the way that any man could be proud of his craft. Martinez was alive, free, and somewhat in a lucid state of mind—somewhat, because there was an odd twitch to him and his glassy eyes kept drifting off to a spot over Jaune's shoulder. He had completed, like, 99% of the job they enlisted him for. The extraction would be even easier with Martinez still capable of movements.

Didn't mean he had to like him.

"Tattletale," he spoke into the phone, ignoring the whining of his patient. "Where do they need me?"

His partner answered, "Forget that. Kiwi sent a message, and she's ordering a retreat."

He balked at that news. "What, no, that's not her call. Half our people are stuck here. Did she give a reason?"

"She said, 'Run. Run, run, run, it's Adam Smasher.'"



-o-
​


There were many reasons for why Jaune refused to heed the warning, but what decided it was a simple observation.

If he ran from a threat that by all rights he should not know about, then it meant without a doubt there had to be an information leak. Kiwi's cover would be blown.

So, he waited, and watched as an aircraft descended from the night sky. Emblazoned with the crest of Arasaka, it carried within an enemy… and an ally. The aircraft drew gunfire from multiple directions, but no attack managed to pierce the hull. Its pilot ignored all else to zero in on the parade float that Jaune stood on.

A door on its side opened while it was still in the air, revealing a darkened interior. The first thing Jaune saw were soldiers in black body armor, kneeling with long rifles in their grips. Behind them, a number of figures sat back in the gloom, revealing only glimpses of themselves. A crisp suit, and a finger tapping on a knee in impatience. A feminine silhouette in red, one leg crossed over the other to affect a nonchalant manner.

And in the center, where the shadows were deepest, there glowed two crimson lights.

A massive hand reached out to grab the edge of the door, the steel crunching beneath the fingers as the figure pulled itself forward. The shadows swirled and shifted, coalescing in the hulking metal frame of a robot. It resembled a bigger version of Arasaka's work on David Martinez's slimmed-down robotic body, just several steps further along the uncanny valley. Its one nod to humanity was in the face, where it mockingly mimicked the features of a person. A skull-shaped head with a wide nose, and red pupils set within deep eye sockets. Anything below that gave up the pretension, metal through and through. In places of skin and muscles, thick armor plates were strapped to bundles of cables shaped as limbs.

Jaune suppressed a shudder at the sight. There was an almost Grimmesque aesthetic to it all, this dark form in a bone-pale mask, nature twisted into the monstrous.

"Martinez, is that your big brother or something?" Jaune asked, standing with his sword resting on a shoulder.

"Whuh? I don't look like that," Martinez protested. "I'm still handsome… right?"

Jaune refused to comment, but Lucy was happy to pick up the slack in between her shouting for Martinez to bail. Something, something little pogchamp. The meaning escaped him.

With a push that rocked the AV, the robot leapt out. He cleared an impressive distance, fearing nothing of the long, long drop in between the aircraft and the parade float. His landing crushed the ground beneath his feet, and shook the torii gates. Broken tiles flew every which way.

The whole world seemed to fall to a hush as the robot rose to his full height. He turned his head to look at one side of the festival grounds, then the other. Edgerunners whimpered as his attention fell on them. Even his own fellow Arasaka soldiers faltered.

The robot turned back to Jaune.

"You—"

That was the furthest the robot got before Jaune blasted a gunlance shell at him, risking it with the relatively short distance between them.

The robot's arm, quick as a whip, smacked the shell aside to let it explode at the base of a torii gate. The wooden construct went down in a burning wreck.

"Nice try, meat."

The robot said the word with the connotations of an insult, the sneer coming through on a face that never changed its expression. His voice held a scratchy, artificial reverb that grated on the ear.

"Adam Smasher, I presume?" Jaune said politely, and it surprised him how well he maintained a steady voice.

Perhaps it was due to that same image stuck in his mind which had so thoroughly unnerved him ever since he laid eyes on the robot, the thought of those creatures of darkness lurking beyond the walls. Don't fear the Grimm and don't hate the Grimm, for that was how they get you. The adage was a comforting white lie, but it seemed that sometimes they do work.

"You have heard of me, and yet you stand here. You must have a death wish."

Jaune waggled his hand from side to side, making a face. "Ehhh. I've met scarier things."

Smasher grunted, unimpressed. "Make your excuses, deadmeat. It matters not. You and the junkheap there are the property of Arasaka Corporation. Kneel… or don't, and make my day."

A new voice spoke from his phone, murmuring, "I told you to run."

Tattletale took over, speaking quickly.

"Kiwi just sent over what she managed to glean out of Adam Smasher. He's what they call a Full Body Conversion, a cyborg with almost nothing left beyond the brain. The thing on his shoulder is a rocket launcher. His arms can shift to a cannon. The gun he's carrying is a Militech model heavy machine gun intended for mounting on vehicles. Reinforced legs for distance jumping. Top grade Self-ICE, that's the antihacking software—"

"You missed the cyberaudio enhanced hearing."

Tattletale fell quiet, and Jaune's heart went cold.

Smasher turned his head a fraction, glancing back at the AV. He chuckled darkly, before looking back at Jaune.

"I knew that fine cut of meat was being shifty. It takes a special kind of nitwit to cross me. I'll get to her soon enough."

Jaune's eyes narrowed.

"Yeah, well, I have an objection to that."

The robot boomed in laughter, yet its body did not go through the accompanying motions. "Fine by me. That fuck Faraday thought he could order me around, whining about bringing you in alive." He gave a loud growl of displeasure. "Like I give a damn. The only good Johnny, is a dead Johnny."

Wham!

Adam Smasher had not even twitched before seemingly teleporting across the distance between them. The only thing that managed to register for Jaune were those red eyes, and then he was airborne with the wind rushing around him. Pain bloomed on his chest like an entire truck had just ran into him, his body rotating with an unnatural force radiating from the point where Smasher's fist struck. He crashed through the torii gates behind him, across empty space, and into the upper level of the shrine sitting on the next float over. Wood gave way against his momentum, burying him halfway into a wall before he came to a stop.

"Owwww," he groaned, feeling like he had gone a second round with Accelerator.

Well, maybe not to that extent.

Multiple voices were shouting to him through the phone, but he was a little too woozy to parse it. Carefully, he raised his head out of the wreckage.

Way, way back there, Adam Smasher silently regarded him, his head cocked to the side. That had been a lethal blow for anybody else in this world. Jaune staying alive after that must be such a surprise.

Just not enough of a surprise that he would stop. Smasher lifted his huge machine gun with a single arm. Martinez dove aside, but the robot paid that no mind, aiming the barrel in Jaune's direction to spit out a stream of bullets.

They tore the wooden shrine apart, bringing down the pillars and beams. Splinters whipped up in a storm that bombarded Jaune as he dove for the stairs. He crashed to the bottom of the steps on a shoulder, rolling to squat low against the wall. The ceiling above him creaked, nearly buckling under the collapsing building.

"Tattletale, make a note," Jaune said weakly. "He also has a Sandevistan, and is insane."

"What's the plan, Jaune? Can you still fight?"

"Yeah. Yeah, I can. What's happening to Kiwi?"

Instead of Tattletale, Kiwi answered, "I'm still on the AV. Smasher hasn't outed me yet, or Faraday would have made a move. Don't know why. Maybe he wants to…" Her voice grew smaller. "Deal with me himself."

That sobered Jaune right up. He rose to peek out a new hole in the wall, thinking hard.

"You'll be okay, Kiwi. The boat is rocking but we haven't tipped over yet." He craned his ear. "Tattletale, tell me something. Is that sound what I think it is?"

A hundred motorcycle engines roared to answer him.

The road beneath the floats had always presented the biggest challenge to him. There, the spectators gathered thickest. He hadn't a hope of a prayer to clear them out while juggling a dozen other plans in motion with the finite number of edgerunners he hired. It was a problem that hung over him, any careless move he made up top risking big and immediate consequences.

"Wakako kept her words," Jaune said as he peered below, unable to hide a smile.

Japantown belonged to the Tyger Claws. They loved saying that. So, he had put forth to the fixer, what was a Japantown festival without the gang in attendance?

They rode down the street, a neon-lit parade on wheels. Hooting at the top of their lungs, the gangsters decked out in eye-searing kitsch weaved around the police cordon, taunting the officers who took one look at the numbers involved and noped out of there. Their reputation preceded them, parting the crowd. More Tyger Claws poured in on foot, herding the civilians back further. In the span of moments, they had taken over half the road. The motorcyclists zipped around and around and around, reveling in the space to show off their moves.

His gaze panned upward along the buildings, tracking the plazas that stood empty but for Arasaka soldiers fighting against edgerunners. Of the civilians, there were no signs. The human wall that Arasaka hid behind had come tumbling down.

"How goes it, Tattletale?" he asked. The girl understood his meaning.

"The battle is seesawing. Our side is faring well, all things considered, but they could use you."

"I'll do my best."

"Also, I'm… keeping the others out of the worst of it."

Though she would not see it, he nodded along to the decision. He held the phone up to his lips. A request to Tattletale ensured his message funnel through their ad hoc communication network.

"Be advised, all restrictions on arms are now lifted. Bring out your toys, everybody."

He dropped the phone to let it dangle from the strap. The device only connected to Tattletale and a couple of nosy hackers, so he didn't catch a response from it. No, the edgerunners made their voices heard with the deafening staccato of their guns, the tide turning hard against Arasaka as suddenly their opponents brought heavy weaponry to bear.

Jaune performed a quick mental check of his Pocket. He had to reorganize a fair bit before the festival, but retained an impressive array of equipment. One never knew for sure what the situation might call for, after all.

He then kicked through the wall of the shrine, and stepped out to the other side with both arms held out before him. Two clunky chunks of metal dropped into his grip.

"Uh," said Kiwi. She likely had a good view of him from the AV. "Where were you keeping those grenade launchers?"

"Oh, you know. Around. Tell Martinez that he should probably move."

And he pulled the triggers.

One after another, grenades arced across the distance. Jaune's arms kept the barrels steady, while his 'marksmanship' ensured their aim. They bloomed like flowers all over the area around Adam Smasher, petals of lightning searing the air in crackling blue. The robot braced his arms in front of his face as his surroundings became engulfed in a field of static.

Had he scrounged up those EMP grenades over the past week in case he ever ran into David Martinez again, and arrived at the festival with them in his Pocket for use if Martinez turned violent? No, clearly not. Perish the thought.

Just like how it was a complete coincidence—

The grenade launchers vanished, and he shifted his arms to accommodate the two metal tubes that replaced them. The back halves came to rest atop his shoulders.

—that he brought along a couple of rocket launchers.

Adam Smasher had guns.

Jaune had all the guns.

Two thermobaric warheads, whatever those were, shot out of the metal tubes. The combined backblast rocked his body, with Jaune pulling on his Semblance once more to stand firm so as to observe the result. Still, he didn't get to see much of what happened after the rockets exploded due to the entire surface of the parade float going up in flames.

The battlefield quieted for a second time in the wake of that. Every pair of eyes stared into the inferno.

The muzzle of a gun pressed to the back of Jaune's head.

"Better, but still not good enough."

A dozen plans of how to proceed from here flashed through his mind, but not one began without pain as he already heard the soft click of the trigger. His world blurred out of focus to the roaring boom of gunfire.

He regained his sight, screeching to a halt on the opposite end of the parade float from the cyborg. A curious turn of event, as he hadn't done anything insofar as he recalled. His head appeared quite unsmashed by Adam Smasher.

"You good, corpo?"

Jaune gazed up at his truly unexpected rescuer. "Oh hey, you're alive."

David Martinez looked like he wanted to slap somebody. Not Jaune, surely.

"No thanks to you!" the other boy cried. His one remaining arm was in poor shape, moving in jerky motions. The less said about his torso after his impromptu surgery, the better. Will and spite seemed to be what kept him running. "A rocket launcher? A rocket launcher!?"

That same weapon popped into existence.

"...You want one?"

"Ooh! Gimme!"

Jaune's vision experienced another dizzying swirl of colors that ended with him lying on the floor close to puking, Martinez's teeth clamped on his poncho and the rocket launcher held in the edgerunner's one working hand. Their previous location was a smoking hole. Martinez aimed the metal tube and fired at Smasher, who vanished a split second from impact. The broken shrine behind the cyborg exploded instead, peppering them with flaming splinters.

"Maybe a smaller gun will do," Martinez admitted.

"Done."

Jaune twirled a handcannon that was suddenly there around his finger, the same firearm he once stole from the other boy, before offering it by the handle to Martinez.

Words were unnecessary. Protecting him twice in one day? That counted for a lot in his books. Whatever their history, in this moment they were on a side to stand against something with big ears and big eyes and big teeth.

It didn't make them friends, though.

They broke into a run as Smasher returned to view, the cyborg slamming a new clip into his machine gun. Scorchmarks left by fire and electricity had darkened his armor, but hampered him none. He took aim.

Jaune slammed a shield into place to block the stream of bullets, sheltering Martinez behind him. As the attack broke off, his body jerked to the side through no volition of his own, narrowly evading the robotic fist that whiffed the air where his head used to be.

Jaune did not question the how or why. He knew the answer to that already. Instinct guided his action, the sword he now held swiftly hunting for its target.

Nothing was there for it to cut.

Smasher reappeared to his left alongside Martinez, who had diverted the arm cannon away from Jaune. They blinked away as the screeching of metal on metal resounded in the opposite direction. By the time he snapped his eyes toward that side, they were now behind his back.

Jaune whirled around to find Martinez rocketing past him. He stretched out [Third Arm] to try and grab the other boy, but missed. Yet, there was no time to dwell on it, for just then a bullet slammed into his forehead to throw him back, directly into a second round that caught him on the shoulder and turned him aside. Another shot got him from the front to continue the revolution. His leg stumbled from a fourth blow.

In every direction, they came. Picked him off his feet and threw him in dizzying circles. An unending cacophony that deafened him, the impacts stringing together in a deluge that never ends yet lasted barely longer than two blinks of the eye. Phantom wounds and phantom pains to leave him teetering, senses thrown out of sync.

Gold spun around Jaune to break the pattern, shaking and crumbling almost as fast as it had arrived. It did what he needed it to, granting him a reprieve long enough. The battle slowed down to a pace where the speed of human thought had a chance to keep up.

Within this time, he considered his opponent's next move, calling on what meager knowledge he had gleaned of Smasher.

The cyborg liked to take things close. He went out of his way to execute his prey. Jaune knew the type.

He had to be here somewhere, pressing the killing blow.

Jaune's eyes rolled a full circle, barely registering what they saw. They recognized a smudge of color, a little spot of white at the corner of his vision that could have been anything.

Light pulsed, and it almost seemed to fill him with energy. The remaining bullets struck but he barely felt it. His heel whipped around in a spinning kick that crashed against Smasher's cheek, cracking his head to the side.

The blow outright lifted Adam Smasher. His heavy frame shook the parade float as he dropped, and broke the floor. Half his face dented inward, chips of metal crumbling off the mask.

For one moment, the speed of human thought had pierced into that realm of the extraordinary. He had been good enough.

The battle wasn't over just with that. In a flash, the cyborg was back on his feet, shrieking a string of mechanical noises as his hand closed in around Jaune's throat.

"David!" Jaune barked out, hoping against hope.

The fingers squeezed tight, and he wasn't there. The other boy had understood.

As movements ceased, David turned to Jaune. "Did you just…"

"It was faster, Martinez," he said with a scoff. "Fewer syllables."

Martinez sneered. "Yeah? Whatever. I didn't care anyway."

"You slippery eels are getting on my nerves," Smasher growled.

In unison, both boys pointed a gun at him and pulled the trigger.

The bullets plinked off the armor without doing much, but the message carried across fine—they were going to keep poking at his nerves, thank you very much. In retaliation, Smasher activated his shoulder-mounted rocket launcher, releasing the entire loaded salvo.

Martinez shot half of them out of the sky right off the bat, while the rest detonated on the rock formed of Jaune's combined defenses. The area between the two sides tore apart.

As the smoke cleared, the parade float gave a lurch.

Jaune looked down at the ground beneath his shoes. "That wasn't my imagination, right?"

To provide an answer better than the other people here ever could, the float began to list to one side. Scraps and debris from the shrine tumbled off the edge, falling the long distance to the street below. All the weight shifting to one side destabilized the float even more.

"Tattletale, please tell me we evacuated the people down there!" Jaune cried as Smasher bounded away to safety.

Tattletale's affirmation was drowned out by Martinez yelling in his ear. "Worry about ourselves first, ya gonk." The boy scrabbled for purchase on the wooden floor. "I can't jump high enough, so you gotta fly me out of here."

Not likely. Martinez was one heavy guy after Arasaka finished with him.

Thinking fast, Jaune summoned his gunlance and said, "I got you. Jump!"

Martinez jumped, putting his trust in Jaune. Meanwhile, the gunlance swung in a wide circle. Timed just right, it allowed Martinez to land on the other end of the weapon with a gentle step, as Jaune pulled on his Semblance to bring a monstrous amount of strength to bear. The edgerunner realized Jaune's plan at the last second, and screamed an invective as Jaune whipped the lance around to catapult him into the sky.

His good deed done, Jaune stowed away the lance and threw out a shadowy hand. It latched onto the top edge of the tilting float, and acted as a slingshot to propel him in the same direction as the other boy. His rocket boots increased his speed to let him catch up.

"You're welcome," he said as he drew level with Martinez.

The edgerunner ceased shouting long enough to flip him the bird.

They landed on a float depicting a cherry blossom tree in bloom, and a second later, Smasher crashed onto the scene. He fired on them, then zipped into the cover of the tree trunk and unleashed another burst as Jaune bunkered down behind a shield.

"Goddamn," Martinez said, hidden at Jaune's back. "The guy's a monster. I can't keep up with my Sandy much longer."

Jaune glanced at the blood pouring down the boy's front from his broken nose, and had to agree. He himself felt fine. Better than fine, even, if taking into account the hits he had taken. But he didn't get here alone.

"Really looks like we can't beat him with just the two of us."

"Then we're dead!"

"Not what I meant. Swap with me."

He sidled to the rear, switching places with Martinez to have him brace against the shield. A big shotgun as long as his leg appeared, and he flicked it up for Martinez to take. For himself, he went with Ruhm.

Sitting with legs outstretched, he took his time scouting the battlefield, making sure to do it right. Beyond his immediate conflict, which on a personal level seemed so very important, there were another dozen-odd firefights taking place. With the chance to breathe, he was going to interfere in every single one that he could see.

Ruhm rose, and men fell. All over the festival grounds, bullets found their way into Arasaka forces from a distance that snipers would envy. The ones with their backs to Jaune found themselves beset from two sides, cut down like a wheat harvest. Those climbing over barricades to overwhelm the edgerunners were beaten back, giving the mercenaries their opening to turn the tables against the soldiers missed by Jaune's shots.

The rifle clicked empty to a battlefield that had decidedly swung in his favor. He sent a message to Tattletale, and turned back to his own fight.

He pushed. He pushed Martinez, and he pushed himself. The other boy coughed blood as he yanked Jaune out of danger in the nick of time, only for Jaune to go charging right back at Adam Smasher, chasing the world that exists at faster than thought. The Sandevistan became a method to close the distance rather than an escape.

Smasher threw a punch, and Jaune's blade slipped into the joint as the fist blew past at the speed of sound. A handgun was already in his other grip, firing up at the cyborg's chin. Bang. Bang. Bang. They lodged in the metal.

"Useless!" Smasher mocked in his booming voice that had grown almost… happy. "Writhe. Struggle. Make me hurt for it! But know that you will die like all the others!" His knee struck Jaune below the sternum, knocking out his breath, and he tore the shotgun from Martinez's one-armed grip with his teeth. Half a ton of metal then moved with a whisper to vanish from sight. A shadow loomed above Jaune, growing larger.

Jaune fell to a knee, gun changing to a shield raised over his head, while Martinez dropped flat. The impact of Smasher slamming down with both feet buried Jaune in the floor up to his waist, but the parade float, and Jaune, held.

Smasher flashed away, his arm shifting to its cannon form. A grip on his poncho, and Martinez ripped Jaune free as the blast vaporized the spot they just vacated. As the blurry surroundings returned to focus, Jaune swung the sword that had replaced the shield in a wild, blind arc, assuming rightly that the edgerunner had put him where he needed to be, when he needed to be, to bite at their enemy. The heavy machine gun that Smasher wielded fell to the ground in two pieces, abandoned by its owner who chose to save his hand. A hand that was changing form.

Mid-shift, an arrow made of lightning stabbed the arm cannon, discharging in a sphere of crackling electricity. It induced a mere twitch for a fraction of a second, not enough to prevent the muzzle from emerging and blasting Jaune in the chest. He flipped end over end with the sensation of a wildfire on his skin, a scream torn from his throat. His sword slipped from his grasp and was picked up by Martinez before it hit the floor. Martinez and Smasher blurred, returning to sight with Smasher's arm cannon exploding while Martinez panted for breath with a chunk of his side missing.

Smasher reached toward Martinez but gunfire erupted from multiple directions, preventing him from tearing off the boy's head. The cyborg backed off, shielding his face with his arm as he assessed the situation.

Mercs of the Afterlife were making their way toward the battle, anyone they could spare from the ongoing conflicts with Arasaka. They scaled the buildings or leapt from the upper balconies, Rebecca first among them, forgoing stairs and elevators to take the most expedient paths forward. Some had seized the rifles of Arasaka snipers, turning the weapons now onto Adam Smasher to provide covering fire for Jaune and Martinez to regroup.

A curious number of butterflies converged on the float, seemingly born of flames. Smasher batted one away, and earned a faceful of soot for the trouble as he discovered that, oh, they exploded on contact. One butterfly brushed past the sculpture of the cherry blossom tree, setting it alight.

Which… wasn't that great, as Jaune was also on this thing.

Tattletale's voice spoke up from Jaune's phone. "Hu Tao wanted to let you know that that was a complete accident."

"Really? I guess that makes it totally okay, then!" Jaune said with a false cheer that got a laugh from her, as he scrambled once more toward Adam Smasher. The unseen hand of Tattletale brought the gunfire to simultaneous stop as he dashed into melee range. A kick from Smasher launched at blistering speed only to be blocked by Martinez, pinning the pair in place for Jaune to score a deep line that severed half the cables in a leg. Inky fluids pour out of the wound, and wires discharged sparks in the air.

The cyborg screamed, appearing as if he felt that. He darted back, stumbling to a halt a distance away and coming under heavy crossfire almost immediately.

Jaune barked a laugh, hauling Martinez forward. "Now that's more like it! When it comes to a big old Grimm, we just gotta bring the whole team!"

The extra guns made the battle more even. But the netrunners, ohhh, the netrunners made the difference.

It began with small things. A twitch or a tremble that barely distracted the killer cyborg. That carried on, growing in strength as dozens of netrunners charged at Smasher's cybersecurity software on a plane that no one else here could perceive.

Smasher treated them with contemptuous disregard, almost casual in how he brushed their attempts aside to focus on Jaune. He paid for it when his shoulder-mounted rocket launcher unleashed their payload and a good half of the missiles flipped around to fly right back at him. A game of tag played out with him evading the blasts, mirrored by Martinez doing the same while dragging Jaune along.

That was the point in which Martinez tapped out, and as he went down, puking up blood after overtaxing his Sandevistan system, it was the netrunners who kept Jaune in the fight.

When Smasher launched a punch, rotating his arm beyond what a normal limb could achieve in that same strange, inhuman technique that had earlier blown Jaune away, a netrunner got into the wrist joint. The limb locked at the last instant to reduce its power, pushing Jaune back a step instead of the next parade float over. He punished that opening by spearing Smasher through the gut, causing something within to give up the ghost with a loud pop. Leaving the blade there, he drove a fist into Smasher's face, cracking the mask further before yanking out his sword.

The netrunner that gave him the chance fell down, bleeding from their ears and eyes. For every blow Jaune landed on Smasher, others joined that person on the floor. The battle waged inside the Net was the furthest thing from a bloodless conflict.

But they did it. One among them shone above the rest, breaching a path for the rest to pour in.

Jaune saw her, Lucy, standing on a ledge overlooking the parade float they were on with a triumphant, bloodthirsty smile. Eyes screwed shut in concentration, she moved her hands. Below, Smasher copied the motion to a tee. The twin arm cannons that had been pointed at Jaune swung to either side of the cyborg, shooting harmlessly into thin air.

It signaled the beginning of the end. What Jaune then fought was a stuttering wreck. Smasher's armor heated up to a red glow as the netrunners overclocked absolutely everything that they could get their digital hands on while denying those cyberware a release, no time for subtlety. More and more, his movements became accompanied by hisses and pops of breaking microparts. He charged at Jaune with the speed of a normal man.

With his sword, Jaune directed aside a fist and took a step backward in an obvious bait. His foe seized it without hesitation. Another weak parry, another step. Smasher had to know what was coming, yet he wasn't about to stop.

"You're nothing, Johnny. Nothing! Another story that ends in Night City, a part of my legend!"

Jaune felt his heel swaying over empty air, his foot inches from slipping off the parade float.

This was the moment.

He looked into the cyborg's eyes, inscrutable those cold things were, and imagined that the man behind the machine sensed it, too. Calmly, smoothly, he stepped aside.

Crocea Mors gleamed in the moonlight, and severed the head of Adam Smasher.

His body actually managed to stay upright. A robotic frame was sturdier than flesh and needed not a mind to direct it, Jaune supposed. It lurched forward a step, then a second one to move right up to the edge. There, it teetered as if in indecision, while above it the blank white mask set in a metal skull spun around and around.

The body tipped as the head fell, and Adam Smasher went over the edge.

Jaune had an inkling of what that meant. Jaune had not the beginning of a clue of what that meant. This world was not his, to be fully understood at a glance.

So, he promptly turned on his heels, and that was that as far as he was concerned. After all, the job wasn't done.

"Now, what to do about this," he muttered, looking up at the flight of AV transports descending in formation.

The doors on them slid open while they were still in the air, and the occupants leveled their combined arms in his direction. It seemed that someone, somewhere was insisting on pressing the point. Could be the man there, standing at the open doors of an AV with his suit jacket whipping in the wind.

The man, Faraday, didn't look to be in the best state of mind. Sweat drenched his suit, and the row of multiple cybernetic eyes on one side of his face kept twitching. He was shouting something.

Jaune put a hand to his ear. "What!?"

His true attention lay past the man's shoulder, where an Arasaka soldier had his arm hooked around Kiwi's throat, a gun pressed to her head. Had Smasher spilled the truth as a last bit of revenge? His mind raced for a solution to the predicament, only to find Kiwi returning his glances with a dispassionate gaze.

Her hand by her hip was counting down.

Faraday shouted louder. "Do you have any idea what you have cost me?"

Jaune thought about it. It… didn't take long, honestly. Math was not his forte. He answered Faraday with a helpless shrug.

Faraday almost popped a blood vessel.

The fixer then popped more than a blood vessel as Kiwi overloaded his cybernetic eyes, dropping him to his knees with smoke spewing from his head. From shadows, a cat leapt onto the Arasaka soldier holding Kiwi in place, biting the hand holding the gun hard enough to crack bones.

As a struggle broke out behind her, Kiwi gave Jaune a small wave. His phone pinged.

"Hi."

Jaune grinned back at her, and with a jump he shot into the neon-lit sky with sword in hand.

Heading off one more time to fight the corporation.



-o-
​


David woke up, and the world felt like a new day.

He looked around at everything happening with clear eyes. He found her amidst the chaos waiting for him.

David picked up his gun, and got to his feet.

Now, it was a festival.



-o-
​


One way or another, they met in the Afterlife.

They hadn't ended up here to lick their wounds, though a corner of the bar did turn into a clinic to treat the injured. No, the edgerunners returned victorious and with that came celebration. The mother of all parties was taking place in the underground club to shake the building above. Music, alcohol, and fistfights counted as the starters, with more to come.

Some cried as they danced. Not everyone made it out alive, and the curious rituals of edgerunners for a fallen friend was a thing Jaune only partly understood, but went all in for. As they had won, as their comrades had gone out in a glorious end, the place of the living was to party on as if each day was their last. In Night City, it might well be.

Maybe not in the same way, this time.

As the running news report on the overhead screens around the room could attest, the Aratama-Matsuri Festival had taken a turn nobody foresaw. The scene of hero Adam Smasher heroically mounting a heroic defense of valuable Arasaka Corporation property against anarchic terrorists played out again and again over the airwaves, reaching every corner of the city, and beyond. Whether anybody believed the official story, which flip-flopped about five times thus far before settling on the current iteration, was beside the point. Adam Smasher had been a war asset, a boogeyman, an investment, and a symbol wrapped up into one.

A Legend.

Jaune hadn't known back then what he had done. The world, in a small way, shook from the aftershocks of his actions.

And he should probably bug out before the consequences drop on his head, or so the general sentiment went. Half the mercs in attendance would be doing that very same thing with the rising of the sun. In the gun-for-hire business, a successful gig often meant a period of lying low, and this job? Whoo, boy. Rogue Amendiares was busy organizing a whooole lot of exfil packages in between her drinking away half of the bar's stock.

The Queen of Fixers seemed quite giddy, even though she'd have to contract newbies for her jobs around the city for a good while. There was a story there.

But those were concerns for tomorrow. Tonight, they lived it up.

"Lisa, hey~" Jaune said happily, dropping onto a seat at the bar and slinging his arm around his partner's shoulder. The girl leaned into it, a red glow to her face, well on her way to tipsy.

"Hey, 'Johnny'," she replied with a light laugh. "Having fun?"

He gave an emphatic nod. "I used to not think much of the music here, but it's growing on me."

"Mmhm. Fischl seems to agree."

Said girl was on the dance floor with the edgerunner named Rebecca, headbanging to a song with her hands in the air. The princess from another world had gathered a court of followers. If Jaune was not mistaken, some of them had adopted her manner of speech and poses, teaching her in return of rockstars and devil horns.

"What happened to her minder?" he wondered.

Tattletale jerked her thumb in the opposite direction of Fischl. Jaune followed it to see Oz and Escha being fed snacks. Bennett was also on that side, joking around with mercs who ruffled his hair and egged him on to throw a dart at a target.

Struck by an idle thought, Jaune scanned the room, searching for the last member of their group. He frowned as he saw her drinking tea at one of the booths set along the wall. Not because he had any problems with teas or booths or walls, as that would be kind of nuts, but because of her companion. Wakako had taken leave of her office to partake in the festivities, teacup in one hand and cigarette in the other. His eyes met hers, and the old woman stubbornly stared him down. Then, Lucy sat down at the booth, and Jaune decided to move on before he had another person glaring at him. There were better things he could be doing with his time.

"You know…" he said, his voice dropping to a low, husky whisper. As hoped, it sent a shiver through Lisa. She gazed up at him, studying his face, and—

"Nope."

Jaune paused, eyes blinking blankly. "Nope?"

Tattletale, rapidly sobering, put up both her hands in surrender. "Nope," she confirmed, and pushed away from the table. "I know this pattern. I know what you're thinking. I wanna be able to walk tomorrow, thank you."

"Oh puh-lease, you got this."

"I do not, in fact, got this."

With that, the girl grabbed her drink glass and waded into the crowd, leaving Jaune alone at the bar.

"Fucking oof," said the person who took her seat.

"Oh, shut it," Jaune grumbled to David Martinez, before raising an eyebrow. "Hang on a minute, should you be up and about?" As Claire the bartender placed a glass in front of the edgerunner, he continued. "Or drinking? This definitely looks unsafe."

The other boy waved away the concern. "It's no problem. Doc gave the go ahead."

The random bits and bobs dangling outside of Martinez to serve as makeshift replacement for broken functions within his body suggested that this 'doc' should have his license revoked. Jaune was pretty sure he saw a beating heart among them, but didn't want to look again to check. The boy still lacked an arm, and a mess of fluid bags and tubes pumped chemicals and new blood into the edgerunner's metal chest, keeping him in a somewhat stable state.

Martinez sipped his drink. Jaune could tell there was a question on his mind, but given no prompts for further conversation, he followed the example and left it alone for now. The fizzy champagne cocktail Claire made for him went down rather easily, and as he finished one, he signaled for another. The two of them quietly sat there for a while, taking in the ambience of the party.

"How do you do it, Johnny?" Martinez finally said.

Jaune turned his head. "Hm?"

The other boy was staring into his cup, expression maudlin with one foot swinging below the barstool. His gaze had drifted to a booth by the wall, locked on a certain girl.

"It's just… You kept going," Martinez blurted out in a rush. "You kept your team in one piece. You took on everybody. You do crazy things without batting an eye. And after all that, you won. You won," he repeated as a hopeless whisper. Where I didn't, went the unspoken words.

Jaune thought on how best to answer, and summed it up succinctly.

"I cheat."

Something, something, powers from another world and all that.

The answer did not seem to please Martinez, however. The boy gave a groan, and slumped over the table. "I don't mean your fancy chrome. They're not what did it. I thought they were in the beginning, but more metal didn't save me, or Maine, or Adam Smasher." He gestured with his one remaining arm, up and down to indicate everything about him. "They didn't unfuck my screwed-up life."

Now, Jaune understood what the other boy was saying. A disbelieving laugh slipped out of him, and he pointed at himself. "You think I have it together?"

Martinez raised his head.

"Don't you?"

Jaune scoffed and leaned an elbow on the bar counter. Taking up his cocktail by the thin stem, he studied the contents within as he contemplated a response. The cold vapors of the Afterlife had frosted the surface, catching the neon lights and reflecting it into the pale gold champagne to form a kaleidoscope of colors, like broken glass. He tipped back the cocktail. The drink landed smoothly.

The stem spun between his fingers as he spoke.

"If that's true, then why do I sometimes feel like a mess of a person? I feel like I'm as lost as anyone. I think I'm walking forward, yet I've ended up so far from home. I've hurt so, so many people along the way and I tell myself that was alright. Where am I going? What am I doing? I never know for sure."

He released a long sigh, and turned from the glass to look at the other boy.

"Tell me, David, how do you see anything but another idiot?"

David Martinez squeezed his hand into a fist, looking down at his lap. And in that moment, Jaune got the sense that this boy, out of everyone in this world or any other, saw the truth at its clearest.

"Would you do it any differently?" said that boy.

Do it better, do it right. Change what led him here. Change the him who stood here.

There was a reason he didn't deserve to be in Beacon.

"Not on your life. But I wish I didn't regret it."

Martinez nodded, and in tandem the two raised their glasses in the air. They drank to the better version of themselves that never were.

The party raged on, as if it could stave off tomorrow. David Martinez bade leave to go and pull his lover onto the dance floor, while others dragged Jaune into giving yet another recounting of the night's events. Their paths did not cross again, though they never said goodbye.

He joined in on the dancing once a particularly good number began to play, but there was an odd feeling dwelling in his chest as he did so. The feeling was always there when it came to dancing. He taught Fischl a few moves, and Bennett, too. He tried to snag Tattletale in a dance a few times, but she kept cheekily sticking out her tongue before giving him the slip.

Little wonder, then, that he ended up heading back to the bar alone. The occasion called for a drink.

It was during this time that a voice reached his ears.

"Hi, stranger."

Jaune turned, and smiled. "Don't say that, Kiwi. I'll be glad to call you a friend. Here, sit down." He offered her the seat next to him. "What brings you around?"

"Thanks. And your… friend, Lisa, mentioned you could use the company."

Kiwi settled on the seat and placed her order with the bartender, but Jaune didn't get to hear it amid all the commotion. His companion had to lean toward his side of the counter for them to talk. She, just like each person who had taken part in his plan, had been grilled and grilled for details until she was sick of it, so they steered the conversation to lighter subjects. From the nitty-gritty of netrunning, of which the Net apparently had a whole digital rendition of the world that people like Kiwi can walk into, to some of the sights he had seen on his journey, disguised as that convenient and fantastical land they call Europe. Where cats talk and blondies fly.

"I heard you're setting out tomorrow," Kiwi said during a lull.

He nodded, a little tipsily. "Yuuup. With the festival over, that's pretty much it for me here, and with most of the blame for that fiasco falling on my end, Rogue suggested I leave before Arasaka can finish putting together an investigation." Which was really corporate double-speak for 'a punitive force intended for the holistic task of asset retrieval and/or liquidation of all liabilities'. It was a fascinating language, excelling in economy of meaning. "Aren't you heading out soon, too? David mentioned something about Africa."

"Nairobi, yes," Kiwi confirmed. "But that's only for him and Lucy. Maybe Rebecca, too. They picked it because it has a space program."

Oh yeah, people were colonizing the moon here. That was just wild.

"What about you?"

Kiwi waved her hand dismissively. "The moon is nice to look at. Slaving away for the chance to stand on a barren rock doesn't interest me as much. Since the team is disbanded, I figured I can set out on my own." She mulled on it. "I think I'll visit Asia, or… or Europe. Maybe we'll see each other out there."

Jaune put on a bright face, nodding. They wouldn't, he wanted to tell her.

Kiwi fidgeted, and Jaune experienced a premonition. The woman crossed her arms on the table, resting her head on them as she stared at him, blinking her feline-like eyes.

"Or I can just skip the detours," she said. "Can I convince you to take me along?"

He winced slightly, looking straight ahead. "That's… a bigger ask than you know."

Kiwi waited for a long beat, watching him.

"A shame," she said in the end. "But then again, we have all night. Who knows where it may lead."

Those cryptic words went unaddressed as the bartender interrupted their conversation to set down a drink in front of Kiwi, who sat up to accept the glass. Jaune peeked at the simple amber liquid contained within, garnished with a chili to add flair. Plus a straw.

"Ever had one?" Kiwi asked him upon noticing his curiosity, and he shook his head. "Really? You've never tried a Johnny Silverhand?"

He shook his head once more. "No. Cool name, though. Why does it sound familiar?" he wondered.

Kiwi blinked slowly. "You don't know? I just assumed he was your namesake. It was a popular one for a while."

"I'm not from around here, you know that," he said with an easygoing shrug.

"Huh."

Kiwi tapped the counter with a finger, thinking, before turning her body more toward him. Her long legs uncrossed and crossed again. She propped her chin with an arm on the table while playing with the plastic straw in her glass.

"Well, if you're curious, do you have time for a story?" she said.

Jaune held his drink up in a toast.

"Like you've said, we have all night."

Something flashed in Kiwi's eyes. He could have imagined it, but in this world, it could also be the blue glow of a net search or money transfer or whatever.

"We do, don't we?" said Kiwi. "Alright, how about this? Let's trade a few stories." She tilted her head, her eyes becoming half-lidded. "And maybe later, I can show you this spiderweb tattoo I have. It's pretty neat."

It sounded like a fine time. Jaune answered by clinking their glasses together.

He sat back in his seat, as Kiwi cleared her throat and began to recount the tale of a Legend.

"The year was 2023, and Night City was the place to be. Then, one evening, a man named Johnny burst through the doors of the Afterlife…"


Universe: Cyberpunk. Location: Night City.
Event: Aramata-Matsuri Festival 2076
Loot: Assorted clothes, data tablets, hologram projectors (strippers ver.), hologram projectors (cherry blossom tree ver.), Kiwi's [redacted] (keepsake), cyberware parts, Danger Gal investigation gear, assorted firearms and grenades, custom ARCH Nazaré motorcycle (yellow), police drones (3x), Night City memorabilia (overpriced).
​



The chill soaked into his skin. He would know this cold anywhere.

Jaune opened his eyes to sightless sky of the Void.

His bed had become a slab of unyielding rock with little comfort to be had. Jutting spires formed a canopy at his back, while the stone floor transformed mere steps from the bed to become the concrete of a highrise rooftop. The roof was empty but for a lone figure standing opposite him, right up against the ledge. The young man dressed in a drab brown coat was peering over the side of the building, his toes precariously teetering over the empty air.

Jaune stepped off the bed, and walked across the roof. The sound of his footsteps on the concrete led him to realize that he was wearing his boots, and his Gallian-blue jacket. In a dream, this would be the point he woke up.

New details emerged as he approached the Outsider. Islands in the Void, bearing upon their backs not quite a city, but pieces of one fitting together in an incomplete jigsaw puzzle. The tables and chairs of a meeting room. An office placed up high. Cubicles and break rooms. Sections of a bridge led nowhere, carrying cars that came from nowhere.

Jaune could picture from these fragments the entire length of the bridge, the sound of honking horns and the fumes from the exhaust. He saw Night City everywhere he looked. He stepped up on the ledge beside the Outsider, and directed his gaze down. Far, far below, there was a city street with still figures in mid-stride, another scene transplanted from reality. A person down there was looking up at him.

"It's been a while," he said as a greeting. "I almost thought you'd forgotten me."

The Outsider spoke without looking at him. "Never, Jaune. You are as interesting to me as the day we met. You give things perspective."

"Oh." Jaune rubbed the back of his neck. "That's flattering… I think."

A rumble passed through the stillness. Islands sank, and others rose. Different scenes, different people. The day continued in Night City, stone by stone. The person looking up at Jaune had stepped aside, and now looked down at the pavement. There was nothing there.

"What a busy place," The Outsider said. "So large. So small. I see each of their lives. They call it the daily grind, and my, how it grinds."

"They seem to do okay," Jaune argued without heat, for he knew it as a lie. He had seen those tired faces walking by. Hurrying, hurrying, without time to stop. For him, it had been an adventure. They lived there.

The Outsider voiced the words in his mind for him. "You stand where few could. Some days, you face Leviathan. And some days, you are Leviathan. Perspective, as I said." He returned his attention to the scene. "I believe I am supposed to pity them, yet I do not. It may be why we met today."

Jaune frowned. "You mean, you didn't bring me here?"

"No." The Outsider cocked his head. "Not in the way that you think. The scene before us holds no significance were you not here as witness. And thus, you are. You give it shape. You give it meaning."

Those pitch black eyes bore into him.

"Tell me, what do you see? What do you feel, you mess of a person?"

The Outsider often professed to Jaune of a boredom so total that the barest modicum of emotion sometimes lie beyond him. On occasions, and this was one such, Jaune caught a glimpse into what that truly entailed, of the desperation behind the impassive countenance that wished to know what it was like to be human.

So, he peered out over the city, and gave it his full consideration.

He first saw the shape of the whole. The buildings and roads formed by the scenes blending together. The smokestacks of the factories spewing their smoke, and Arasaka Tower. He saw Night City.

But it was just a name.

His eyes were playing tricks on him, for the longer he looked, the more he picked out of the individual moments. Scenes that he swore had not been there until he focused on them.

There, was Cherry Blossom Market. They had rebuilt it better than ever, although the only bits of wood present in the construction were the new signboards hanging above each stall.

And there! Wakako was sitting in her office, the one at the back of a pachinko parlor. She had a new solo standing at attention before her desk, who she probably wouldn't invite for tea. They lacked the flair he liked to think he brought to the job. Or maybe that was his ego talking.

With those as reference points, he sought out the familiar places, tracing the paths created by his steps. His gaze drifted up a tower, up, up, up to an apartment unit with a balcony. The excitement of spotting his lodgings for the past couple of weeks faded as he discovered it had a new tenant, a well-to-do corpo working on a computer.

Suddenly uncertain, he continued on. He found the machine shop on the outskirts of the city, where an old man was engrossed in his next project. The targets out back had fallen down with nobody to pick it up.

A car was riding past the shop, carrying David Martinez and his crew. What lay beyond on that road, Jaune did not see. There was only the Void from this side of things. They never looked back at the city.

Back and forth, back and forth. His eyes flew over the paths he trod until he came to the urban ravine which had hosted the festival, and where a Legend fell. Its road was spotless, thick with cars and pedestrians. For them, today was another day, same as the last and same as tomorrow. The daily grind pressed on. It was as if nothing ever happened.

He was rather taken aback by the feeling surging within him at this sight. He couldn't quite put a word to it. A red-hot, indignant anger swelled at the forefront, seconded by the sensation of standing beside a plunging cliff. And… melancholia, behind it all.

There had been something here. A hundred disparate souls throwing in their lot, risking themselves for a small yet wonderful purpose. To save a life. Did that not have meaning? Could that not shine forevermore as a light in the dark?

Jaune looked far and long, and he saw nothing of him. How strange, that that mattered so much. In lieu of an answer to the Outsider's question, he asked one of his own.

"Will they forget me?"

Then again, perhaps for the Outsider that served as an answer in and of itself.

"Everything fades, Jaune," the Outsider said.

Jaune thought of what the young man with dark eyes truly wanted from him, the thing he called perspective. Scale was unimportant. The god needed no deep thoughts or philosophical musings. He expected no grand views that would encapsulate Night City in a neat pithy quote.

In the end, the bitterness revealed within a small and insignificant being was what drew the Outsider's curious gaze.

"They will remember you in the little places."

Jaune opened his eyes, only then realizing he had closed them in the first place. He turned to the Outsider, who looked back at him. Directly, at him.

"Everything fades, Jaune," the Outsider repeated the earlier sentiment. "Even now, the truths are mixed with lies. Your story is changing with each retelling. Those events you lived through will continue to distort, tear apart, and reshape until one day you would not even recognize the man within the tale, the you that they wished you were.

"But they will remember you in the little places, in little ways."

A gloved hand casually pointed ahead, and Jaune's gaze followed where it led. The islands within the Void were sparse there. He made out a brick wall, some graffiti. Not much else.

"Would-be killers walk carefully down the dark alleys of Japantown, while the honest laborer ventures with surer steps. Imitators take up your colors, some to enact violence and some to stop it depending on where they heard your name. The red and white herald bloody days, and peaceful nights."

The Outsider directed Jaune's attention eastward to the desert.

"Out in the Badlands, a young man learns the tale of a hero, and of a call to arms. He sets his sight on the city in the distance."

This time, he pointed to the west.

"Within Arasaka tower, a woman watched her mighty masters scream and rage, and very carefully hid a smile. She thanked the Butcher of 2076 for the fine show."

The gloved hand moved south.

"In a Heywood bar, a solo finds a new gun for his cause, and a new fire. They were going to the Afterlife, whatever it took."

Jaune's heart thundered in his chest, for with the places that the Outsider showed him, he had begun to discern an oddity amid the islands within the Void. Scenes that did not fit within the tableau, a hidden pattern that, with a shift in perspective, moved to the forefront.

A blink of the eyes, and it sharpened into stark clarity from the blades of grass to the clouds in the sky. A city behind the city, a small place of little note that never really mattered in the grand schemes of things, yet meant so much to him.

The rubble had been cleared from the cobblestone roads. Workers climbed among the beams of new houses being raised. Trucks chugged along the street, bearing new goods to fill the shelves of market stalls. Children played games at the base of a myrtle tree in bloom, while on a hill the bell towers of the university stood tall.

Springtime had arrived again, and Yuell was rebuilding.

Familiar faces stood out to him. Walter wore an apron as he cooked in a restaurant kitchen, still with a pair of sunglasses covering his eyes. Dark-haired Magari was exiting a shop, a stack of books in her arms. Nearby, Marina stopped to rest in the shade of a statue. She no longer wore a military uniform, and her casual set of clothes clashed hard with the futuristic rifle slung over a shoulder.

Jaune laughed at the statue. That hadn't been there before.

It depicted a trio of people, and right off the bat he did not recognize one of them. A man in a dandy suit lurking behind the others, fedora on his head tipped low in a manner that obscured the features of his face. The kind of figure that came to mind when one thought of a spy.

The second person was a girl. No, a woman, with curves to die for. Her sculptor had put in the work to make that clear. Her grin could have melted hearts and sparked wars. She held a radio set in one hand, a military coat draped over her shoulders.

The third… The third was true to life. Smaller in a way, as a result. He liked how they made his smile.

Beyond the statues and the city, far past the clouds, Jaune thought he saw something in the air flying across the blue sky.

He drank in the sight. At which point the steps appear, he failed to notice, but they were there when he looked. They led down to a bar counter lined with neon lights, where the Outsider had already occupied a seat.

Still with his attention on the city in the distance, Jaune descended the steps. The Outsider had a drink, an actual drink, in his hand, although not one that Jaune recognized from the Afterlife menu. A shocking blue base crowned with a fizzy layer in bright yellow, served on the rocks. A cocktail sword stuck out of the glass. A more familiar glass sat in front of the empty barstool next to him. Jaune took that one.

"They will remember you in the little places, in little ways," said the Outsider.

Jaune glanced at the menu, toward the bottom where the bartender had added a new item to the list. Its name was a play on the drink favored by the Legend who fought Night City and made it out alive.

The Johnny 76. A year to remember.

He raised the glass high and clinked it to his companion's in a toast.

In Night City, it was the best ending a solo could hope for.



A large van drove up a mountain road, winding its way through the forest. The trees grew tall and thick here, and an unseasonal snowstorm had coated the world in a blanket of blinding white. The strong winds gently rocked the car to make it drift from one side to the other.

The van rounded the last bend, breaking out of the forest gloom and into a clearing where its destination came into view. A log house stood at the end of the lane, two stories high with a balcony on the second floor. It sat upon a hill, next to a small lake that glittered in the late morning sun. The occupants of the van oohed and ahhed at the picturesque scene. Located an hour's drive from New York City, this tranquil respite would be their new lodgings for a while, a place where the strange peculiarities about them could pass without remark as they continued their extraordinary days.

The front doors of the log house opened to a bright and airy room, with the floor-to-ceiling glass window overlooking the lake letting in the sunlight.

"Dibs on the biggest bedroom."

The one sentence heralded bedlam. Suddenly, everybody was clamoring to get inside.

"You wish, Hu Tao. I'm the one who rented this place, so that means the biggest bedroom belongs to me!"

"I want my own room! I want my own room!"

"Well, I care not for size and merely request that my private chambers be aligned with my element, for it should be calamitous indeed were the glaring light of mine ancient enemy to sear away my powers during my repose."

"Milady, you must learn to wake up early one of these days. The sun is good for you."

"Is there a bedroom that isn't attached to anything structurally important? I'll take that one, please."

In moments, the log cabin became a loud, boisterous place thundering with activity. Jaune had to smile. Now, it felt like a home.

Before he followed the others in, he looked back.

"Hey, are you coming?"

"Hm? Oh. Yes, in a bit."

"Is something wrong?"

"Nothing. It's just… this is my first time seeing snow. It's beautiful."


Author's Notes: Another adventure comes to a close, and a new one begins. But never let it be said that any of them didn't matter.

"I really want to bring back that rabbit one of these days."
–the idle musing of a writer who would like to see the main character cry.

The Johnny 76 - A French 75 with lighter notes. That, and a story. It was a year to remember.

.
Next week is an omake. For reasons.
Stories:
QQ Sneaking His Way into the Multiverse , a RWBY Jaune, WC-lite mechanics story.
Other RWBY stories on AO3 or FF - Yakuza Arc | Conquered Menagerie: Annals of the Sixth Kingdom | Cat, Bunny, and the Good Ship Honey Starbright | The Agent
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Amdiranifani, Vas7 and 512 others
LazyAutumnMoon
May 2, 2026
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 81: The Thing That Goes Bump in the Night
View content
LazyAutumnMoon
LazyAutumnMoon
We all need Sundancer in our life.
JoinedJun 7, 2024
Messages289
Likes received68,284
May 17, 2026
Add bookmark
#7,778

Chapter 81: The Thing That Goes Bump in the Night
​


Jaune laid in blissful darkness, heart and mind becalmed. He had just settled down to rest.

This moment seemed to last barely a blink of an eye before he heard a gentle rapping above. Then came the sound of wood scraping on wood. A crack of light pierced his sanctuary. Peering beyond it, he found the faces of his friends waiting for him.

There were far fewer than seen in his dreams. But for now, that was alright. It ached a little less, each day.

Jaune sat up, stretching with a yawn. He accepted the hand Lisa offered to pull him from the coffin where he slept. Outside the window, the sun was shining.

To the new morning awaiting him, he put on a smile and said, "Hello again."



-o-
​


The log cabin boasted an open floor plan on the first level, without any real divide between living room, dining room, or kitchen. A room suited for a house party were one so inclined, it measured more than twice the size of the apartment, the portal to which was now anchored to an empty stretch of wall next to the kitchen. Having that much usable space was, honestly, a little disorienting.

Jaune spent his first morning there decluttering the old apartment, putting boxes of supplies, tools, and various knickknacks he picked up in his travels to a proper place. Clothes went into wardrobes in separate rooms on the second floor. Weapons were stowed on shelves in the garage. The garden of herbs and mushrooms stayed where they were for the moment, as most of them did not fare well in a winter chill. Same deal with the bugs. The apartment soon grew comfortable again, perfect for someone—him, but disputed by Lisa—to claim as their bedroom. With help from the others, he was down to the last few items after not even an hour.

The task would have gone even faster had he done it by himself, since he could load it up into his Pocket for ease of transport, but he wasn't going to tell Escha, Bennett, or Fischl that. They had been so eager to lend a hand, and in any case it made for a decent team activity that would familiarize them with the house and where the different supplies were stored.

As for those uninterested in that, they were off doing their own thing.

"So, what do you think of the 'inter-net' here?" Jaune asked as he walked by the long couch facing the TV and the floor-to-ceiling window. The half-full drum of volatile whale oil on his shoulder sloshed with each step.

"Workable."

A smile popped to his lips at that, and he moved on to set the drum inside a storage trunk where nobody would touch it without cause. The oil served as a propellant in the wristbows Lisa favored, and had lasted for a long while with how sparingly the supervillainess ventured into combat. Now, it saw better use as an enhancer for Escha's explosive barrels, which had led to the container emptying out at a much faster rate. They would need to find a substitute at some point. Or hunt a whale, but Lisa told him that wouldn't fly here.

Speaking of whom…

On his way back he passed the dining table, where he paused to peek over Lisa's shoulders. The dizzying amounts of charts and texts on the laptop screen in front of her made his eyes go blurry at once. Certain words managed to jump out to him, however. Dispersion field. Personal realities and vectors. Quantum, quantum, and more quantum. He might be able to take a guess at the meaning for some of those, but as a whole they were utterly confounding to his unscientific mind.

"I thought you were going to start small," he said.

Without looking at him, Lisa crossed her arms and sat back in her chair. A small, frustrated noise slipped out from between her lips.

"A girl can dream, can't she? I just want to check how viable the major developments from Academy City are to this Earth. They have people here pulling billions in investments for one startup idea. Stock trading looks like a kid's game compared to that…"

"And you couldn't resist playing in the big leagues," he finished the thought. He leaned down more, putting his face next to hers to study the various texts. Nope, still unreadable. "What's the problem, then?" he ventured instead.

Lisa scoffed. "Half of the underlying concepts tying these research papers together don't exist yet. It looks fake, and it'd take us years to prove it even if we got a team of scientists working to bridge the gap." She paused, and raised a finger. "And yeah, okay, that probably wouldn't stop us from making bank anyway, but if we want to pull this off over the long term, then scamming investors right off the bat would just come back to bite us."

Jaune considered reminding her that 'billions' could fund their operations for decades and beyond, but the part about cheating people out of their money did indeed leave a bad taste in his mouth. They should be robbing from those who deserve it, fair and square, as honest criminals were supposed to.

…Some days, he wondered what had become of his life.

At that moment, the cleaning robot rolled by. The device spun round and round as it scooped up every speck of dirt its scanner could detect. Somehow, it was going twice as fast as usual, on several occasions teetering on the verge of tipping over with how hard it took a turn, adding to the general chaos of moving house by tripping up everybody else. Bennett spilled a box of tools and instantly the robot was there to try and suck up a hammer in its intake vent.

It seemed almost happy if such a thing was possible for a geometric cylinder, zooming back and forth between the two dwellings.

He pointed the robot out for Lisa. "What about that?"

"I'm not going into business selling stupid roombas, Jaune. People already have that here." Lisa leveled a harsh glare at the laptop. "Give me something with more oomph, will you?" she demanded.

The laptop sat there, smugly silent.

Jaune patted Lisa on the shoulder to comfort her, trying to convey all his warmth. "Well, don't get discouraged because if there's anything I know about you, it's that you'll always figure out a problem. Maybe you can try and hit a good middle ground—"

"I already have five ideas that can go to market if we pull together enough seed money for prototypes."

"Give me back my worries. I thought you were in actual trouble."

"You just don't get it," Lisa complained with a sigh. "At a ballpark estimate, they'll only net us ten to fifty millions in the first few years."

The absolute tragedy.

He turned away, shaking his head and giving the matter its proper due—which was none. In any case, all this talk of business was pinging something in his memories. As Escha padded over to request leave to explore the surrounding forest, which soon led to the felyne racing out the doors with Bennett and Fischl in tow, he thought and thought about it until it suddenly clicked into place. He tapped Lisa with a finger to regain her attention.

"By the way… If you do plan to start a company, can you take some time to help Hu Tao with the paperwork for hers, too?"

There was a gasp, and Hu Tao poked her head into the room through the portal. "You remember!"

"How could I not?" he said, looking a lot more confident than he felt.

"For the humble coffin-seller, business is always booming."

"Are you certain that your cough is just the flu? It can always be a sign of something worse!"

"Would you like to hear more about our couples promotion?"

"Silly-churl, billy-churl, silly-billy hilichurl~!"
​
…Okay, so that last one was fine, but still. A funeral business operating with Hu Tao's brand of enthusiasm continued to confuse him in many ways. Was there a demand for it? Hu Tao seemed dead set that there was, boasting about the enormous boosts in sales after she took over the Wangsheng Funeral Parlor.

What did that translate to in hard numbers? Don't ask. Enormous, she assured him.

"And don't forget," said Hu Tao as she fully entered this side, toying with a lock of hair, a bright smile blooming, "you have to visit a cemetery with me this week."

Right, that. Jaune gave Hu Tao a stiff nod, showing none of his doubts behind a stoic demeanor. No point regretting it now, his careless promise to help her scope out the competition guaranteed that he would be knee-deep in that mess given time. The cemetery must grow, or whatever.

"Bring a shovel," she added.

His composure snapped like a twig. "But why!?"

Hu Tao snickered. "Oh please, don't you fret. It isn't like we will be digging anybody out of their grave."

Oh, thank goodness. His hand went to his chest, and he was just about to sigh in relief when Lisa chimed in on the conversation.

"What's with the oddly specific emphasis?" she asked.

That astute observation quickly led to many side-eyes directed at Hu Tao, not only from Jaune and Lisa but also from everybody else in the room. They waited for her answer.

"Gasp!" said Hu Tao, very ungasply-like, as she dropped a fist onto a palm. "Would you look at the time? Welp, back to work. Hm, hm, hm~"

Thus, singing a tune, she skipped away to leave naught but questions in her wake.

For a long while, neither Jaune nor Lisa spoke, the pair gazing after the whimsical(suspicious?) funeral director in silence. Then, Lisa nudged him in the ribs.

"You're dealing with that."

"Yeah, yeah. I complain but it's not like I mind, you know?"

"She did have a point on one thing, though," Lisa added with a sparkling grin. "Check the time, Jaune. You should get going unless you want to be late on your first official day of work."

Jaune froze for a beat, before hurrying to pull out his scroll. The time was 11:30, nearing noon.

He absolutely did not giggle and hop up and down like a little kid on his birthday.

"Good call, Lisa. Can you take care of everyone while I'm gone? I'll try to be back by tomorrow," he said in a rush. "Where's my sword? No. No! I'm taking the gunlance!"

They had discussed this matter already so it was no great imposition on her, of course, but he figured he should ask anyhow. Lisa gave him a casual wave of dismissal as her answer, bidding him good luck as he raced out the door. There was a pep in his step absent these last few days.

And really, who could blame him?

A Huntsman had to eat, and the call had come in.

There was a monster that needed slaying.



-o-
​


Jaune stepped off his ride at the edge of town.

The motorcycle driver then roared away, traveling down a road she had never been to see new sights and new scenes, her long coat trailing in the wind. He watched the bike until it dipped out of sight, around a bend where pine trees grew.

Now alone, he swung his attention back to the coastal town named Mystic.

On Remnant, it would have been a brave thing. The twin danger of sea and land posed no small trifle, demanding the kind of defenses afforded to a proper city. Outside of the main capitals, Argus was the example that came to mind. The Mountain Glenn that never fell.

The novelty hadn't worn off yet, that such places were nothing special on Earth. He still found it quite wonderful. Here in this small town, the buildings had had time to grow old, seen in how the houses sagged with age. In the way creeping vines clung to the faded paint of brick walls, undisturbed in the many years since they lay down roots. He took a moment to breathe in the fresh sea air before setting off into the town.

The dreary weather over on this side was a far cry from the clear skies of the New York mountains, with the afternoon sun obscured by clouds. Most everyone stayed indoors, and only the occasional vehicle would pass by. The cars tended to go in one direction to what he supposed would be the center street of Mystic. Certainly, the buildings looked better kept there. He walked at a steady pace, taking it all in, waving at the few pedestrians out and about.

They did not wave back, and in fact gathered together in small groups as if for strength of numbers, where they watched him and muttered among themselves. In time, he grew very aware of the unfriendly gazes sent his way by them and other locals through the windows of shops and homes. Something had them spooked.

A monster on the prowl could do that, but… No, that wasn't quite right.

The directions on his phone led him to a diner, the exterior in silver with the black-and-white checkered pattern. Some things stayed the same no matter what world one lived on.

The reception waiting for him within mirrored the same earlier attitude that he had begun to believe was the norm here. An unwelcoming suspicion that marked a clear divide between 'us' and 'the outsider'. The afternoon crowd consisted of a few customers sitting in the booths, plus one leaning on the counter.

The latter was dressed in police uniform, and had been speaking to the portly owner of the diner. His eyes immediately fell to the sword strapped to Jaune's hip. The police officer would be the contact that the text mentioned, Jaune presumed. Out came his phone as he approached them, the message on the screen serving as a shield.

"Hi there! Jaune Arc, monster hunter for hire." Ooh, it sounded even better aloud. "Were you the person to put in the request?"

One would think he just zapped them all with the way everybody in the room jolted.

"You're the fella the commissioner recommended?" said the police officer. An older man with a gut, he looked Jaune up and down with some skepticism. "But you're just a kid! I asked him for help, not to send a sacrifice!"

"I'm the best in the business," Jaune asserted, painting on a veneer of confidence to sell the boast.

And it wasn't that much of a lie, even. The profession, from what Lisa dug up, had always been an unpopular one existing in the periphery of history. It had something to do with how the tales of monster hunters here often ended with 'and then they die horribly.' He was alive and full of enthusiasm, which was more than most could say. Those qualities counted in his books.

Jaune Arc. #1 (unlicensed) Huntsman. Accept no substitute.

The police officer held his chin, brow creased in a frown. "I don't know…"

A fist pounded a table. When Jaune turned that way, a customer had stood up.

"Don't screw with us, Parris. We can't take this anymore, something has to be done! Good folks are going missing!"

Murmurs of "Do your job!" and "Better him than us!" passed around the diner in the wake of those sentiments. The tide of popular opinion was definitely against the officer. Jaune, as the one their callous remarks addressed, threw his voice into the mix.

"Yeah! Better me than them! Let the monster eat my face, will you? It's only right!"

The whole room went dead silent, with all eyes on him like he sprouted another head. Weird, he was just repeating what they said.

With a tsk, the police officer spoke, "Fine, alright. It's your funeral, what do I care?" He slumped against the counter. "Just get rid of what's been killing people, and you'll get paid."

Jaune nodded. "I will do my best. What's the monster?"

"Dunno."

"Where is its lair?"

"Dunno."

"...Aren't you a police officer?"

"Dun—" The man coughed. "I am, but it's not my job to deal with that stuff. I want to keep living."

Troublesome, although not insurmountable. Tracking the target came part and parcel with the job. One whiff of the right clue by the olfactory sensor and he'd be on that monster in a heartbeat.

A chuckle from across the counter drew his attention. The portly owner of the diner was shaking his head, arms crossed.

"Come on, buddy," he said to the officer. "We all know where the thing's hiding. It's the mansion."

The police officer grimaced. "Bill, there's no evidence. If I tell him that, it's on my ass if anything goes wrong."

But it was evidence enough for the townspeople, who took that as their cue to jump into the conversation and inform Jaune all about the mansion on the cliff. How unnatural it was. How strange people would gather at the place every summer over the years, gaunt figures garbed in black, out and about at times when decent folks should be in bed. Of the unholy screams in the middle of the day, and spates of bad luck for the neighbors.

"Swarms of black cats, each June. Don't know where they come from."

"From them."

"Evil, you can see it in their eyes."

"Must be a werewolf that's doing this. I saw one once. Ferocious thing. A monster."

"It's no monster. We're under a curse from that mansion, mark my word."

"We ought to do something. Nothing good comes from outsiders. Present company excepted, of course."

"Of course," Jaune deadpanned.

He refrained from telling them what he really thought, that they were a superstitious lot willing to string up innocent people for peace of mind. So what if someone's house wasn't up to their standards, it didn't mean the ones who owned the place were evil… aaand nevermind.

From where he stood on the sidewalk, the mansion rose in the distance. It sat upon the cliffs right outside the town, at the end of the lane past normal if boring rows of identical houses. Painted black, steeples and towers made it resemble a castle.

Left at that, it didn't seem so bad. Almost picturesque, in the fading evening light.

The nearer he got to the mansion, the fewer animals he saw. The closest homes to the property line appeared to have been abandoned for a long time, with For Sale signs planted in yards overgrown with weeds. He stopped at the gates to study the interesting skull pattern on the wrought iron, where mistakes in the forging warped the skulls into faces wracked by agony. The wailing winds of this area sounded like the screams of the damned, and they carried with them the faint scent of rot from the fish dashed upon the rocks below. 'Sat upon the cliffs' was the nicer way of saying the building was poised to plunge into the sea given an excuse.

Not the best location to spend the summer, in short. If it wasn't haunted, he'd eat his boots.

He gave the gate a tentative push. It swung open with a long, low creak to grant him access. A gulp, and he ventured forth into the unknown—

Bright and cheery music chose that moment to play from his phone, snapping apart the tension. Suddenly, the birds were chirping, the sun was shining, and life looked beautiful.

Fischl: Jaune, what would you like to eat?
Fischl: I will try to order food through the phone tonight!
Fischl: I have decided that we will eat pizza!
Fischl: Lisa said I can.

"I guess this is Lisa's next lesson for her," Jaune said, reading the messages.

With actual identities in this world now, Lisa had put the team on a phone plan, and along with it introduced to them the wonderful world of texting. Some had taken to it better than others. Hu Tao, for one, was spamming him exclusively in emojis. Meanwhile, Bennett's texts suffered constant typos.

Sorry, Fischl. I won't be back today :Jaune​

Fischl: Yes, I know.
Fischl: But I want to make sure you have food waiting when you come back.
Fischl: Good luck!

The disconnect between Fischl's normal manner of speech and her texts continued to throw him for a loop. He chalked it down to her unfamiliarity with the format. That she sounded so proud of doing something so mundane made him smile.

He sent in his order (extra pepperoni) along with a grinning face emoji that Fischl promptly copied. Then, the phone returned to the pocket of his pants, and he put his serious face back on to climb his way up the path to the mansion.

Not a blade of grass stirred on either side of the cobblestone path. The whole lawn was dead. As he ascended the porch steps, Jaune felt a twinge bugging at his eyes, this… deep sense of unease whenever he looked at the doors that were too tall and the windows set a tiny bit uneven. He soon realized that the entire place was like that, built subtly out of tune. A person could go mad seeing it everyday.

A bell hung off the door, and he pulled on the cord to make it ring in case somebody was on the premises. The chimes sound off, dulled to give it a solemn note.

"Be right there!" a voice called out, to his shock. According to the people of Mystic, the owners only ever dropped by in the summer for their mysterious reasons. This was late autumn.

The entrance featured a peephole, and he leaned forward to try and peer inside before pulling back. A second later, the doors yanked open to a kindly woman of middle years in a gingham dress who looked rather confused at his presence.

"What can I do for you, dearie?" she said.

Jaune inclined his head in a polite bow. "I'm sorry for bothering you, ma'am, but I was asked to check up on the house… I didn't realize that someone was living here. Are you a relative of the family?"

He hoped the lady bought the story, because he sounded suspicious as hell right now. Not that he spoke a single lie, of course.

"Oh no, bless you, but I'm just the housekeeper. Come in, come in."

Infiltration, success.

He followed the housekeeper into a wide corridor. Like the outside, the interior of the mansion looked old and dark with long shadows cloaking the corners. The furniture wasn't cheap, though. He had gained a knack for spotting that sort of thing with the places he had been, even if his tastes remained somewhat questionable. The design choices spelled out M-O-N-E-Y.

And yet, for all the pomp, it had the air of home. Pictures hung across the walls, too many and too eclectic to be for show. Jaune passed from one frame to the next, studying the colorful(?) ensemble as they spent their days at the beach (it was raining), or hiking in the forest (it was still raining). A person had loved their family, taking every chance to commemorate them on a camera. Through these memories, it was like he could see into the very heart of the people that lived here.

"What a dour-looking girl," he concluded.

The housekeeper laughed. "Don't let the pictures fool you. She's a darling. Just a bit goth, that's all."

As expected of a longtime employee. They would know better than him.

Guided into a kitchen that appeared much more modern compared to the rest of the house (but still in black, obviously), he took a seat at the breakfast table. It turned out to be the best decision of his life, as the kindly woman then placed before him a plate of chocolate chip cookies baked to crumbly perfection. The housekeeper, whose name was Clarice, joined him at the table and listened to his story in rapt attention, gasping as he informed her that there might be a monster on the loose in Mystic. Apparently, she kept to herself for the most part, hence her ignorance of the rumors around town.

"It's typical, if you ask me," the housekeeper said with a sigh once the tale was finished. "Never a how do you do."

Jaune nodded, mouth stuffed full with cookies. The nerves of some people.

"Never an offer of help, never a care for those who don't fit in," she continued. Jaune kept nodding, feeling quite incensed himself. His blood was up, the hair on the back of his neck standing. "If you ask me, something ought to be done about them."

He stopped nodding, and pried away his hand from the handle of his sword to raise a finger in objection. "Ehhh, I wouldn't go that far."

That brought the housekeeper up short. She blinked a few times, before sagging in her seat. "Of course, dearie. I don't know what came over me."

"Happens to all of us." He then cleared his throat, tugging at his collar. "Speaking of help, would you like me to sort those out for you?" He pointed to the bags of fresh groceries sitting on the floor near the rear door, then rapped his knuckles against the big fridge at his back that he could have walked inside if he wanted to. The housekeeper must have forgotten about it altogether, and jerked upright at the reminder.

"There's no need for that, I can do it later. Please, sit."

"It's really no trouble," he insisted. Honestly, he should have offered beforehand given that he intruded on this woman's day. In his defense, the cookies distracted him. Yes, it was a poor excuse—

"I said it's fine!"

Jaune reeled in his seat, taken aback by the way the woman had suddenly snapped. Her hand on the table was clenched a fist, and for a second, she looked so, so angry. He thought he must have stepped on a landmine somehow, but over groceries?

Then, in a blink, she returned to herself and was all apologies.

"Don't know what came over me, don't know what came over me," she kept telling him.

And what could he say to that, except, "It's alright, that was on me for imposing." Searching for a change in topic, he pulled the plate on the table closer. "Have I told you how amazing these cookies are? Because they're amazing."

The compliments to her cooking soothed the upset housekeeper.

"I truly am sorry, dearie. Medications, you know. And the weather here has me out of sorts."

That, Jaune could agree with. The climate here seemed to not agree with him either, for his skin had gone clammy. An unsettled sensation in his chest, too, refused to go away.

He tugged at his jacket. "Is it too cold? Do you need this?"

"Oh no, thank you. I'll just go grab my stole from upstairs."

That might be for the best, now that he thought about it. The jacket was of fine quality, but as the stiff padding and the armor plates woven underneath could attest, the maker of the garment built it to stave off a drive-by rather than the late autumn chill. He slipped the jacket back on as the housekeeper went upstairs via a small set of stairs connected to the corner of the kitchen.

A child of the modern era, it took about ten seconds for him to have his phone out. The inter-net of Earth had nothing on the scrollnet, and he would stick by that opinion, but there was a lot to learn. All monsters had their weaknesses, even if it was a sword to the face, and a spare moment that could be put toward studying those was time well spent.

Deciding whether a story was a tall tale or held a grain of truth did pose a problem. He was halfway convinced that they had curses and rituals here, esoteric stuff that could really screw up his day. Vampires seemed to vary in strength, and might not even be the same species. Some could sparkle? That was a book series, however, so for now he chalked it down as vampire propaganda to hide their real vulnerabilities.

After a while, though, his gaze moved away from the screen and drifted over to the grocery bags.

He could help. It literally would cost him no more than a minute.

Getting up, he crossed the kitchen.

The back door is askew.

Jaune mulled on that thought, his hand slowing as it reached for the handles of a shopping bag. The house was designed to offend the senses, but he did not believe this part to carry the same deliberateness. If anything, somebody tried to hide the damage to the hinges by slipping a rock under the door.

The doorknob is hanging loose, bent until it broke.

A clattering noise from above jolted him into a state of alert. The back door rested next to the staircase, and with a step to the left he leaned in to peer up the steps.

"Miss Clarice?"

No one answered. He sidled past the grocery bags, and began climbing the staircase.

The top of the steps opened up to a long corridor. It had seen better days, with cobwebs strung all over and the air of general neglect. The high ceiling lent it a cold, cavernous feel.

"Miss Clarice, are you okay?" he called out in a loud voice that echoed in the corridor, trying in vain to pierce the gloom. Again, he did not get a response from the woman, or anyone else.

His eyes narrowed, and purposeful strides carried him to the nearest room where he opened the door. An empty bedroom greeted him, coated in a layer of dust that was disturbed only by his actions. He tsked under his breath and moved on. The portraits in the corridor seemed to follow him with their eyes.

Signs of a forced entry, and the housekeeper now missing. That spelled nothing good.

It did not necessarily suggest monsters in the night, however. This was all too human.

Cobwebs brushed the back of his neck. He shook his head to clear it away, before entering the next room. Then the next, and the next, searching for a sign of life.

The door to the fifth room was locked. Without hesitation, he twisted the knob hard enough for it to break. A push, and the door swung open.

Snap. Whoosh!

Jaune, bemused, brought a hand up to rub his smarting nose. He then leaned into the room, turning to the side to where a massive pendulum blade shaped like a crescent moon was coming back the other way. His head tilted back, letting the blade slice through the air where his face had been.

"Ummm…"

He took in the room, a girl's bedroom with a four poster bed decorated like it should scream pink except it was all in black. The daughter lived here, at a guess. Dodging around the pendulum trap, he stepped inside.

Something clicked beneath his heel. A crossbow bolt slammed into the floor from above.

"I'll come back."

If the housekeeper had gone in here, then she'd be needing Hu Tao's services instead of his. How did the intruder have time to set up these diabolical traps, though? He could only be thankful that it was him who sprung them and not the housekeeper or, goodness, the poor goth girl whose room that belonged to.

Still… Things weren't adding up. He reentered the hall, thinking hard.

The housekeeper. Fresh groceries. He walked in through the front doors. Why was it important that he walked in through the front doors? Forced entry. Fresh groceries.

Cobweb brushed the back of his neck again. Impatiently, he waved it away.

It was important that he used the front doors, because he never saw anybody enter before him on his approach to the mansion. Which meant that the housekeeper had to have entered through the back entrance. The one that a person had broken into.

Thus followed a question. Was she really a housekeeper?

Lisa was going to laugh at him if she found out about this. Now that the thought occurred to him, it seemed the most obvious thing in the world. He should have seen it from the beginning. Jaune sighed, tilting back his head.

Two yellowed, bulbous eyes stared directly at him from above.

He "Ummm…" once again, but harder.

A gangly creature dangled from the rafters. It had the ugliest face he ever did see, a mouth full of fangs and eyes of uneven sizes on a leathery skin stretched too taut. Clawed toes allowed it to grip into a wooden beam with its feet, and in this manner held its whole body up off the ground. Thin, bony arms extended downward, ending in two sets of long fingers that were delicately looping around Jaune's throat.

Jaune beamed.

The problem turned out to be a monster, after all!

Now that he had discovered it, the creature abandoned all pretense of subterfuge. Roaring, it squeezed its fingers tight in an attempt to strangle him.

He reached up, grabbing the monster by the arm, and pulled the entire thing down from the rafters. The wooden beam cracked as sharp claws carved great gouges on the way out. The creature hit the floor with a resounding crash.

"You're the one responsible for the disappearances in Mystic, aren't you? What did you do with the housekeeper?" Jaune asked, placing a foot on its chest. The monster screeched, strings of saliva spewing from its mouth. That ceased as Jaune clocked it right between its eyes with his fist. "The housekeeper!" he insisted, pressing down harder.

The monster chose instead to take wild swipes at him, the attacks batted aside as he matched it strength for strength. His sword leapt from his hip to his hand and he raised it above his head. If it couldn't understand him, then he saw no point in reasoning with it. Either the housekeeper was alive and stashed somewhere, or she had already been killed—maybe eaten, in the worst case.

The sight of the naked blade sent the monster into a frenzy. With a great effort, it twisted to throw him off, in a flash scampering to its feet to stand just outside sword range with back hunched, arms trailing to the floor. There was a cunning dwelling inside that head, for the baleful glare it directed at Jaune conveyed outright hatred.

"Raaagh!" it screamed, seizing a marble bust sitting on a console table and lobbing the object at him. The piece of decor, depicting a portly mustachioed face, met Jaune's hand and vanished into his Pocket as he advanced toward the monster. The table flew at him next, gone in a blink. The monster's eyes widened, and it shifted back half a step. A tremble passed through its body.

He watched its posture. With a number of exits available, a being that was so afraid would have run. That it stayed must mean it had a plan. The creature was faking it.

The smile never left his face as sharp claws plunged past him, missing his head by a hair as he turned his body aside to evade the blow. Below the monster's outstretched arm, his sword lashed out to swipe a deep cut on its abdomen.

Blood spilled on the floor, and the creature roared in pain as it clutched at the wound. It stumbled back, while Jaune just kept walking forward.

The monster looked at him. At his demeanor, at his eager smile. Something clicked within its mind. The creature spun around and booked it.

Where was it going to go? Its lair? Its lair with maybe the housekeeper there? Jaune gave chase to find out.

The lumbering gait of the monster was deceptively quick, in a large part due to the strong arms propelling it forward. In seconds, it had reached the end of the hall, where it chanced a look over its shoulder.

He was right behind it, sword prepped for a stab. The creature made a strange half-screech, half-gurgle, and to save itself threw its body out the window to avoid the attack. One of its hands seized the ledge above, pulling it up to the third floor in a shower of glass.

A moment later, Jaune followed the monster out into the air, rocket boots engaging to reverse his course and shooting him through the same upper floor window it used. He landed inside a luxurious suite with silken covers on the bed, a hot tub in the corner. Neither hid the monster, which had vanished from view.

Odd, that. He had expected it to retaliate the instant he entered the room, as befitting the ambush tactics it seemed to favor. The door to the bedroom remained undisturbed, so it must still be in the suite.

"Come out, come out, wherever you are~" he sang while scanning his surroundings, alert for shifting movements in the darkened space.

A shape emerged in the gloom as he moved around. A cabinet with its doors laid open, capped with the visage of a woman. Jaune peered closer at the insides of the cabinet, and had to stop short, because wow, what kind of sick bedroom games were you supposed to do with that? Somebody can't settle for whips and candle wax anymore? How even did—

Ahem.

Now was not the time to wonder why the owners of the mansion decorated their bedroom with an iron maiden. Those questions were best left for later. By the police.

No, the better thing to wonder about would be: did that iron maiden just move?

The heavy object tore strips off the floor as it surged forward, shoved from behind the monster. The iron spikes within loomed in Jaune's vision, the doors ready to close on him.

A light hop, and the iron maiden passed beneath his feet.

"Rargh!?"

The monster equivalent of an 'uh-oh', Jaune would guess.

"You really are wily," he said with a measure of admiration, and swapped out his sword for the gunlance. Momentum did the rest, with him slamming the thick length of metal and scales down on the creature, crushing it into the floor.

Its hardiness was no joke, as it barely laid prone for a second before trying to lunge at him.

So, he lifted the lance up and brought it down again. The monster screamed as bones gave way under the force of the blow, and lashed out wildly in desperation as he repeated the motion.

Whack!

It tried to get up.

Whack!

It tried to get up.

Whack!

It ceased trying to get up.

"Phew!"

Jaune settled the lance on a shoulder, and wiped his brow at a job well done. Evil had been vanquished.

Beneath him, the monster stirred weakly.

"...After all that, you're not dead? Man, that deserves respect."

The monster lifted its head, peering up at him with watery eyes.

"Once I kill you, I should hit up a library."

The monster dropped limply back onto the floor. It made a noise as Jaune raised the lance for the last time, one that sounded halfway to a word.

Jaune frowned. "What was that?"

Did the thing just diss him as a final parting shot?

"Wad arp…" The gaping maw full of fangs bulged and caved, and it took a little longer for Jaune to understand that the skin, the flesh, the bone themselves were changing before his eyes. The monster's form reduced in size to a half, then a quarter of its former bulk. The leathery skin pinkened, and claws grew short until fingernails replaced them.

In the end, the creature vanished to leave housekeeper Clarice in its place.

"I said, what are you, you freak?" she snarled through a mouthful of blood.

Jaune retorted, "Uh, excuse me, I don't think you have any room to talk. Seriously, what even are you?"



-o-
​


Human enough, that was what the woman was. It ultimately changed his approach, and he spent another half an hour in the mansion waiting in the kitchen with her trussed up for transport. For the last couple of minutes, sirens had been growing louder and louder. The police were on their way.

He never learned what manner of being was the creature she turned into, as the woman had soon lost consciousness from her injuries. It did, however, become clear once he pondered more on the poor state of the mansion that she was no housekeeper. The empty vacation home where locals were reluctant to visit made for a good lair. The only mystery left concerning her involved confirming whether she had been behind the spate of missing townsfolk, a job for the police to perform.

As Jaune leaned back in his chair to get comfortable, his foot struck something below. The sound of the object rolling across the floor led him to look beneath the table.

It was a tomato. His gaze went to the bags of groceries, finding that one of them had tipped over. Probably when he skirted by it to go up the stairs earlier. Getting to his feet, he moved around the kitchen to pick up the scattered foodstuff.

He had already done enough damage to the house. The owners didn't need to come back to have rotten food and mold everywhere. With his arms full, he walked over and used a foot to kick open the big fridge that he could have walked into if he wanted to.

Or that somebody could put multiple people into.

I don't think I can eat anything for a while. :Jaune​

Fischl: But I already ordered!


The Jaune Arc's Manual for Aspiring Monster Hunters

Entry #8: ? ? ?
Attributes: Corporal Copreal Physical creature.
Strong and agile, capable of intelligent thought. Watch the long arms, there's more muscle than it looks.
Hunting behavior: Ambush predator that can hide in a human form, like you or me. (Infectious condition?)
Habitat: Near human dwellings
Identifiers:
1) Ugly face. Like, horrendous. Big and bulging eyeballs.
2) Very long limbs, like werewolves and wendigos (see, Entry #2 and Entry #4)
3) Little body hair, unlike werewolves and wendigos (Need to confirm, did I actually hunt a naked werewolf?)
4) Noted instabilities while in human form - Quick to anger and prolonged contact draws instinctive fight-or-flight responses from people around them (need further testing on this one, bring Escha and Bennett next time).
Optimal approach: stab with a sword.


Author's Notes: (⩌_⩌)
Stories:
QQ Sneaking His Way into the Multiverse , a RWBY Jaune, WC-lite mechanics story.
Other RWBY stories on AO3 or FF - Yakuza Arc | Conquered Menagerie: Annals of the Sixth Kingdom | Cat, Bunny, and the Good Ship Honey Starbright | The Agent
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Amdiranifani, Amrynel and 426 others
LazyAutumnMoon
May 17, 2026
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 82: The Peaceful Dead
View content
LazyAutumnMoon
LazyAutumnMoon
We all need Sundancer in our life.
JoinedJun 7, 2024
Messages289
Likes received68,284
May 24, 2026
Add bookmark
#7,987

Chapter 82: The Peaceful Dead
​


The arrest of Clarice the fake housekeeper made the papers. The local police force took the credit. A picture of the officer from the diner shaking hands with the mayor of Mystic featured on the front page, while Jaune's part in the incident was relegated to being a nameless, out-of-town consultant brought in to provide assistance. He sounded rather unimportant if one went by the articles.

His name was making the rounds in higher circles, or so New York City's police commissioner assured him. The places that needed him would find their messages delivered. In the meantime, obscurity provided a cover for him to work in the gray lines between the new and old laws of the land.

Good enough, in his books. The job was done, and people would sleep a little easier at night. And so, he moved on while pretending that he did not wish for the applause of the crowd.

A day passed, then two, without him embarking on a new trip. He spent most of this time running errands, bringing back a whole slew of expensive computer equipment. Lisa, meanwhile, arranged for the kind of net service that she claimed could rival an office highrise. Basically, everything they needed to start exploring the possibility of putting the netrunning skills of 2076 to the interconnected global network of a different worldline's 2022. How that complicated mess of an investment would pan out… Well, Jaune was optimistic and Lisa was muttering about world domination. Early results had been deemed 'workable', after all.

The biggest hurdle right now involved something called a USB cord. Standards could change a lot in fifty years, apparently. He didn't understand much of it. Not his wheelhouse. He left the solution to members of the team better suited for the task.

Other than that, it was business as usual. He trained, he rested. He familiarized himself with the lay of the land. Escha made for fine company as they dove deep into the woods.

He also watched with great care the trio of Bennett, Fischl, and Hu Tao to determine how their stint in Night City was affecting them, and what their thoughts might be on entering the different worlds alongside him. They were standing at the same place he stood not all that long ago, having taken a first step on a journey filled with farewells. He expected that it would not be for everyone.

Then again…

Maybe I'm worrying too much, Jaune thought as rowdy cheers shook the log cabin.

"Cenaraph, the Dark Divine Star, destiny lies within thine grasp. Soar, in the name of the Prinzessin!"

Both fists pumping, Fischl shouted encouragement to her champion. Opposite her, Bennett knelt one knee on the wooden floor, biting his nails as he watched the lead between him and her narrowed. Others in the crew surrounded the hallowed arena, calling out to their respective contestants in this sport of kings, the grand game of bitterbug racing.

Bitterbugs were beetles taken from Escha's world, colored in a vivid blue and measuring the size of a person's hand. They made good potion ingredients. Sedentary by nature, a glob of sweet honey would nevertheless get the lazy bums moving, and a few weeks under the care of Escha had grown their population to the point that she could spare specimens to stage a full racing match between everyone. After a bit of a rough start involving an open window and Bennett tripping over his feet that threatened to unleash the entire cage of them onto this world, seven bitterbugs now vied for victory on a long yoga mat placed at the center of the living room.

Jaune hated to admit it, but the mysterious challenger who some called the Dark Divine Star (Normal-rarity) posed a mighty foe. The bitterbug fighting under Fischl's banner harbored a strong sense of focus to compensate for a diminutive stature that should have placed it at dead last. A quality it displayed as six stubby legs beat a perfect straight line, nudging aside Better-Than-Scop (Normal-rarity) whose master barely gave it a thought, then seizing the lead from Bennett's Wild Charger (Normal-rarity) just as the biggest beetle on the field grew distracted and began drifting sideways.

"Cenaraph, goooooo!"

However, the young girl's triumphant cry was short-lived.

"As we practiced," Hu Tao said, making her move with a complicated hand sign, "Zhongbee!"

Chittering wingbeats answered her command. Hu Tao, with ten minutes' work, had retaught her bitterbug the mechanics of flight, and Zhongbee (5-star Legendary-rarity) leapt high into the air. Such was the might it exuded that Lisa immediately screamed bloody murder and dove behind Jaune for cover.

"What the fuck, Hu Tao? Ew, ew, ew!"

"Lisa, the bugs are harmless. It's okay," Jaune said.

"It most certainly is not!" cried Lisa as she grabbed the hem of his shirt to pull it over her head, her idea of protection from the flying bitterbug that was zigzagging above them instead of going for the honey at the finish line.

Judging by the satisfied nods Hu Tao was giving, that girl saw this as a perfectly acceptable outcome. A successful prank, accidental or not, was its own reward.

"Why did I even agree to let us raise them?" Lisa lamented. "Those things are gonna to escape one of these days, and in a few generations New York will be worse than Australia!"

"Oh look, I think you're winning," chirped Hu Tao.

Lisa poked her head out from behind him, all smiles. ""Wait, really? Whoo! You go, Skitter!"

Skitter (Mythic Prismatic-rarity) was another worthy contender standing in Jaune's way. Selected for the perfect combination of traits to turn it into a monster among bitterbugs, it had deigned to give its competitors a ten second headstart. Out of sheer arrogance like its master, presumably. Yet, that time was up, and it now zoomed forward—insofar that the species could, at any rate. Cenaraph stood not a chance, trampled beneath as Skitter climbed over it to become the leader of the pack.

The new state of play drew a soft tch from Jaune's lips, and he looked to Buggy, the Indomitable Steed (Normal-rarity) in order to gauge its progress, his mind grasping for a strategy. The race was coming to a head, but one good move could still flip the leaderboard upside-down.

…Unlike Lisa's bug, the little fella he chose was facing the wrong direction and moving away from the honey prize, thus achieving negative progress.

"This game sucks," he concluded.

"I dunno, it's kind of growing on me," Lisa mused.

"You're only saying that because you're in first place."

Her reply to that was to stick out her tongue. Sure in her victory, she ceased paying attention to the race, pulling out her phone to fiddle with as she leaned on his back. She had been spending a lot more time on it these days, now that there was someone on the team as tech savvy as her and could text at the speed of thought. Did it matter that the two were about a foot apart behind him, and therefore could have saved time and effort by just speaking aloud? Not to them.

In any case, Jaune hid a mischievous smile for that lack of attentiveness portended a tantrum on the horizon. A twitching pair of cat ears grew ever more animated as the race drew down to the wire. Victory was at hand, but not for who Lisa thought.

A bitterbug crossed the finish line, and the room exploded into cheers and applause.

"And the winner is… Escha!"

"I won, I won!" cried the felyne jubilantly. She scrambled off her place on Fischl's lap to grab Bitter-bitter (Rare-rarity), swinging the bug around and around in celebration. The rest of the blue bitterbugs scattered to avoid the dancing giant in their midst.

"How?" squawked an indignant Lisa, phone tossed to the side. "My pick was the best one. The thing had longer legs, more stamina, it was smart…" The list went on and on, betraying the level of depth Lisa had put into something she outwardly derided as 'a kid's game'.

The greatest Thinker powers in the universe—her words, not his—failed to account for one variable.

"This one eats a lot," said Escha, hugging the bug to her chest, "and it loves honey."

Jaune recalled that Escha had been the one to set up the course, including the bait at the end.

From whom did the cat learn that sort of deviousness? She wasn't this sly before.

Lisa raged and raged, looking for all the world like the teenage girl she was. How much of it was real and how much of it was fake, he wondered if she'd ever tell.



In the sky, there shone a blue moon. These were the last days of autumn, and the wintry chill bit deep in the late hours. A layer of mist covered the ground in dull tones of gray. On such a night, two figures stood before a set of wrought iron gates, under a flickering lamp.

The shorter of the pair stretched her arms above her head, and let out a sweet sigh.

"What a night to be alive, don't you think?" said Hu Tao.

Jaune looked around, hands in his pockets. The world was quiet here, with the faint lights of houses at a far remove. The one car parked in the vicinity belonged to them.

"Not quite how I would put it," he said, walking over to the gates and peering inside.

Past the entrance, headstones lay in neat rows. They had lamps here and there, not enough for the acres and acres that stretched on without end. The stars and the bright moon provided illumination for the most part, their soft light casting the mist in an otherworldly glow. This cemetery on the outskirts of a small city, not far from a certain log cabin in the mountains, was the resting place for many souls.

"I'm surprised they're still open at this hour." He reached out to tug on the gate. It refused to budge. "Hang on a minute…"

Hu Tao peeked around him. "Oh? Like I thought. Looks like they're closed, after all."

"You knew that beforehand?" He turned his head, cocking an eyebrow. He might have felt more annoyed if he hadn't experienced for himself her many nonsensical actions up until now. "What did we even come here for, then?"

"The right atmosphere is important, silly. Everybody knows that the best time for snooping is after dark," Hu Tao admonished him with a tap on his nose.

What she intended was not hard to guess, given that hint. The girl separated from him to walk along the fence that enclosed the graveyard, running a hand over the row of tall iron bars. Stopping at one, she braced a foot on the fence and hoisted herself up.

"Breaking in, huh?" said Jaune. Sometimes, he had to wonder why his life was filled with troublemakers. Beside the fact that he fit right in with them, of course.

A burst of rocket fire brought him to the top of the fence, feet placed between the pointy spear tips capping the bars. Then, a hop put him back on the ground inside the cemetery, on a wide foot path that led deeper into the field. Only once done did it strike him how natural such maneuvers had become for him, as simple as breathing.

Hu Tao took a little longer, relying on her own physical strength supported by the enhancement of Aura, but soon she was swinging a leg over the fence. A wide and lively smile shone down on Jaune.

"You really did just go along with it," she said. "I knew you were the right choice for this, my accomplice!"

He gave a slight raise of his shoulders and said, somewhat mildly, "I've had practice."

His answer pleased her, if going by the way her demeanor softened. With a "Hup!" she brought her other leg over, and pushed off from the fence. In a bout of mischief very reminiscent of Annoying Blondes, she aimed her landing toward him, no doubt expecting him to panic.

Yet, before he even finished considering which way to dodge, Hu Tao's progress halted with an abrupt jerk. Her expression froze, with Jaune getting a glimpse of a rare sight—a Hu Tao whose prank had backfired.

"Eh?"

He winced as the girl's momentum redirected straight into the fence, her face banging against the bars. From where he stood, he could see the back of her coat had been caught on one of the iron spikes, with Hu Tao now dangling from it in the manner of caught prey, limbs hanging loosely below her with her hat askew. On her face was a most confused look.

"Eh? Eh?" she kept repeating, trying to twist around. "Why am I stuck? What's the big idea?"

A brief struggle left her facing the other way and no freer than before. By then, Jaune could restrain himself no longer.

"Bahahahahaha!" It mattered little that Hu Tao was glaring at him, he fell on his rear, pointing and laughing.

"Quit making fun of me and help!" Hu Tao roared in a furor of flailing arms and legs, accomplishing nothing of note but to make him laugh harder.

Gasping for air, he rummaged in a pocket. "Just a second. I want to get a picture of this."

"It's tearing! It's tearing! Ahhhh, this coat was expensive!"

"There, hold that pose."

*Snap*



-o-
​


He got Hu Tao down safely, albeit with not all her dignity intact. The next few minutes saw her hopping up and down, trying to grab at the scroll that he held high above her head. At one point, she was almost climbing on him, all teary-eyed.

Still, he refused to budge on preserving the memory. Moments like these were worth it.

"Hmph! Make a note, assistant. There will be no fences at our cemetery, or at least no fences with sharp poke-y things sticking out. It should be easy to sneak into. Why in the world would anybody want to keep people out of a graveyard? The whole point is to put them in!"

It seemed her nature was not one of holding grudges, for Hu Tao was back to her cheerful self in a flash, skipping along the paved stone path as she cracked jokes. Well, he hoped they were jokes at any rate. There was a shovel in his Pocket that he still didn't know what to do with.

"Is that why we're here, to look for ideas?" he asked during a moment of quiet.

Hu Tao tilted her head. "Of course. What else would we be doing?"

To be honest, he thought she wanted to dig up dirt on the competition and shut them down. That was the kind of plan Lisa would go for.

"Different places have different funerary rituals and customs. America seems to follow the Mondstadt style rather than Liyue's, so I may have to adjust my approach... Also, it's been days since I've had a chance to go out and scare people." Hu Tao covered her mouth with the oversized sleeves of her coat. "Huhuhu. I hope we meet someone tonight."

Oh, right. There was that side to her, too.

"Most people tend to stay away from places like this after dark," he pointed out, gesturing around them.

No reply came, however, for Hu Tao had already darted away. She frolicked among the graves as if this were a field of flowers, studying the headstones, the words inscribed on them, humming all the while. Jaune followed at a distance, observing this strange girl.

Lisa, Escha, the others? He understood them to varying degrees. They were all chasing something, from power to adventure to the pure wonder of living in a new world. He had an inkling of how to cheer them up and make them happy. What he could give them.

Hu Tao followed her own whims most days, and he was content to let it be so. But…

He joined her by a grave close to the path, where she knelt to brush aside the overgrown weeds and vines. Once she was done, she wiped the sweat off her forehead, uncaring that dirt had gotten on her clothes.

It would be nice, he thought, to see what those eyes see.

The cemetery went on forever, yet spanned no more than a few yards away at a time. The mist made it impossible to see further, swept by wind to turn Jaune's surroundings into a landscape of swirling gray.

As they continued on, he and Hu Tao never quite walked side by side. Every few minutes, her attention would fixate on a new thing, with her rushing off at the drop of a hat. Sometimes he scrambled after her, and sometimes he left her alone. They both led to one outcome, laughter sounding like bells and wind chimes. He got the impression that nothing he did would ever truly bother the girl for long.

He found it oddly comforting, and over time he ceased to pay mind to Hu Tao. Either she would be here, or she would be elsewhere.

His footsteps on the paved stones grew to be his one constant companion in this eerie world of only two living souls, echoing for longer than it should. Section by section, he came to recognize a pattern to the cemetery, a grid where everything adhered to a certain symmetry. The main paths ran at perfect right angles to one another, the side trails grouped in threes between the bigger intersections. Simple headstones at the edges gave way to box tombs sitting pretty with little engravings and filigrees, then to mausoleums bunched together to tower above everything else. Very neat. Very tidy.

"Very bo~ring!" complained Hu Tao, in one of the rare moments where she stuck by him. "Did you notice? Did you? There isn't a single tree here! And would it kill them to build a pagoda?" Crossing her arms, she continued to grumble under her breath about the changes she would make to the design to better serve the dead. The living too, but mostly the dead.

If she expected him to agree, she was disappointed. "I kind of like it this way," he said as he peeked through the open entrance of a mausoleum. Urns lined the walls, with a single tomb at the center of the room. A shiver ran up his spine. 'Like' was a strong word in regards to any aspect of a graveyard. "A predictable layout means I won't get lost. And let me tell you, that's a really important consideration for me. You have no idea."

Just slightly, Hu Tao's shoulders slumped down.

"But isn't a sense of mystery important, too?" she asked him. "How are the spirits going to scare anyone like this? Or play hide and seek?"

"...Are there ghosts here?" That budding worry faded as he studied her face. "There aren't. Phew."

He would keep the stack of paper talismans close to hand, though. Just in case.

Especially as Hu Tao took it as a challenge, dashing into one of the side alleys between the mausoleums without a second thought. Her vow to bring 'local voices' and 'pillars of the community' into the conversation echoed off the tombs. The dark corners seemed to bother her none.

Whether the spot of empty air she brought back was a ghost or not, Jaune decided to leave it to her to determine. He certainly saw nothing. Bowing his head and apologizing to a spirit he couldn't perceive for denying its existence did feel a bit ridiculous, although it improved Hu Tao's mood so he refrained from commenting further on the subject. Even if her snickering behind her sleeves made him suspect that she was playing a prank on him.

"There wasn't a ghost," she later admitted on her own. "Not a single one. That's the reason I wanted to visit, because I thought the person running this place was doing something right and everybody had gone ahead. It turns out that the spirits just don't like it here."

She pointed out to him the cramped confines of the mausoleum district, where no empty lots or even a blade of green grass remained. The layers of moss and mushrooms that grew due to the lacking sunlight. The sense of sameness to the tombs, simple concrete walls adorned by the barest of ornamentation.

The owner ran the graveyard as a mere business. Where was the duty, Hu Tao raged.

"Every grave is a wish. 'Remember me'," she insisted to him.

And that, at least, he understood.

Hu Tao led him, unerringly, to the very center of the cemetery. Her goal, all this while. They were to engage in a spot of… nonmalicious mischief, let's call it. With the shovel resting on a shoulder, Jaune mulled on the request, deeming it several levels better than his fear that they would be robbing graves tonight.

Before that, though, he had to consider how to handle the group in front of him.

Hu Tao was right. Dead people do hang out in cemeteries. Or undead, in this case.

They melted out of the shadows one by one, pale figures dressed in the deepest black congregating around a leader who sat on a box tomb with the air of a king. Their casual attitudes—grinning, chatting—belied a tension that screamed of danger, of predators barely restrained from ripping their prey apart. Despite it being nighttime, many wore sunglasses. That last one was a definitive sign of their species, in his notes.

Their leader cracked a debonair smirk, revealing a sharp fang to clinch Jaune's suspicions.

"O'er the last divide, from whence the sparrows of clipped wings fly, come a question not oft asked."

Jaune and Hu Tao looked at each other, then back to the vampire.

"What?" Jaune said.

The vampire's expression slipped for a fraction of a second. "Not that one." He then cleared his throat, and continued as if he hadn't said that. "What is death, is the question not oft asked."

"I don't know, giving the answer outright like that…"

"Shhh. The fellow is trying, Jaune."

A twitch developed on the vampire's brow, quickly hidden as he stood up to his feet. "Alas, blood anoints blood in a river run dry. Not all souls will reach paradise."

"Again, what?"

He thought he was maybe getting it, but nope, he was still lost. Anyway, given that they were talking like Fischl, it lent credence to the notion that vampires had royal lines in their society. That could also link to their level of power, if he considered the many legends of Count Dracula he came across during his readings.

He might have to go all-out for this.

"Benighted curs, torn from the light. Come to join, come to die, and rise again…" As the vampire waxed on without end, one of his cohorts split from the background to sidle over. She whispered into his ear behind her hand, throwing quick glances toward Jaune. The leader of the group began to trail off.

"What? He what?"

*Whisper, whisper, whisper*

"With a what!?"

*Whisper, whisper, whisper*

The conversation ended, leaving the vampires looking even paler than Jaune thought possible for their normal sallow parlor. There was some shoving and jostling among them that worked out to everyone standing in a line, where they politely owed their heads low.

"We're heading out now. Sorry to bother you," said the leader of the vampires, his previous tone entirely absent.

"Classes in the morning. You know how it is," another vampire chimed in. "Gotta bet up bright and early. Boy, do I love sunlight, puppies, and blood bags."

"Mmmm. There's nothing more tasty than blood willingly donated through legal blood drives. You wouldn't catch me twice-dead drinking anything else."

The line of vampires voiced various other excuses as they power-walked into the night without a backward glance. The moment they were out of his sight, Jaune heard them break into a run. In no time at all, peace and quiet returned to the cemetery. Barring Hu Tao who was pounding a fist against a mausoleum wall, laughing her heart out.

"Those vampires from the library back then must have spread the news around," Jaune mused, scratching his cheek.

"You sure left an impression," Hu Tao said.

She skipped over to the vampires' previous hangout spot, humming a carefree tune. With a look around, and a frown, she cleaned the area of empty beer bottles and potato chip bags, getting him to pitch in by vanishing them into his Pocket for later disposal. Once that was done, she directed him to pry up a loose piece of paving stone to get at the dirt underneath, and while he dug a shallow hole, she went rummaging through the surprising amount of pockets in her coat.

"Aha!" Hu Tao held a packet of store-bought seeds up in triumph.

The sight of it reassured Jaune for certain.

"You know," he said, planting the shovel and leaning on it, "I really am glad we weren't here to steal a body."

"You didn't believe me the first time, huh?" Hu Tao groused in faux-anger. She squatted down, sprinkling the seeds into the hole. Jaune passed her a filled drinking bottle from his supplies afterward so that she could water them.

"What kind of seeds are they, anyway?"

Hu Tao tapped the flower branch adhered to her hat. "Plum trees. My favorite! Spirits back home sometimes rest under their shade before they go on their way, so we might meet a few here one day." She looked up, showing him a beatific smile. "Wouldn't it be nice?"

Maybe he didn't understand this strange girl, but he wanted to. That was the thought in Jaune's mind as he watched Hu Tao plant life in a dead place.

Gazing down at her with soft eyes, he answered.

"Hell no!"


Author's Notes: True mastery of the sword is ending a battle without ever drawing the blade. This… probably isn't it, though.
Last edited: May 25, 2026
Stories:
QQ Sneaking His Way into the Multiverse , a RWBY Jaune, WC-lite mechanics story.
Other RWBY stories on AO3 or FF - Yakuza Arc | Conquered Menagerie: Annals of the Sixth Kingdom | Cat, Bunny, and the Good Ship Honey Starbright | The Agent
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Amdiranifani, Amrynel, DuManHeiu and 391 others
LazyAutumnMoon
May 24, 2026
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 83: The Howling Beast of the Castle
View content
LazyAutumnMoon
LazyAutumnMoon
We all need Sundancer in our life.
JoinedJun 7, 2024
Messages289
Likes received68,284
Jun 6, 2026
Add bookmark
#8,206

Chapter 83: The Howling Beast of the Castle
​

The peaceful morning that day shattered with a loud crash, sending cats and blondes into a panic.

It wouldn't be the first time something like that had happened this week, so they settled down rather quickly. A few days in, and everybody had grown familiar with the new place, and the new routine. The rowdy, unrestrained, and wildly haphazard routine that made Lisa thankful they did not have neighbors, because it would have lost her the rental deposit before the week was up.

A look outside the window revealed the cause of the disturbance, a big old robot lying flat by the snowy lakeside with the shockwaves from its fall causing ripples across the sparkling blue water surface. The two arms were wriggling in a futile effort to climb upright, while its legs performed a walking motion in the air. Behind the glass canopy sat the pilot, Jaune, who struggled for all he was worth to regain control of the mech.

"Come on, come on, come on," he griped, turning and twisting in his seat. "Work, you stupid lump of metal."

Clearly, none of this was his fault. The seller provided him a defective product. He was the victim.

He gave it another go by swinging both arms back to slap the ground, which from how he imagined it would send the AMP suit surging to its feet in a deft show of strength and acrobatics. Instead, the mech's hands sank deep into the earth to clog up the joints with mud. Meanwhile, the lower half was still trying to walk into the sky. His face burned redder with each new failed maneuver, all the more so given the additional spectators now watching from the house.

"Natural human-like motions, my foot," he said, tempted to give the mech a whack to see if that'd reset the thing to proper function.

A grinning face came into view above his prone form, upside-down. Lisa planted a hand on a cocked hip as she leaned over the glass, here to spend her precious time that could be used to earn her millions with him.

Her words, not his. He was pretty sure she wanted a chance to laugh in his face.

"Told ya to study the manual," she chirped. It sounded snide and much too sugary, and were it anyone else, Jaune would have read into it to take offense.

He grimaced (some might say he pouted, but no). "I did!"

He went over the manual twice, in fact. The first time to study the basics of the AMP suit, then a second time when he didn't understand any of it. The person who published that booklet deserved all the misfortune headed for them, because they had concocted the most singularly useless set of instructions Jaune had ever seen. Whenever it could stand to give the technical jargon a rest, it instead harped on about how piloting came down to 'feel'. He was supposed to 'employ best judgment'. What did that even mean?

At least he wasn't alone in this. There were scribbles on the margins of the manual from the person the mech once belonged to, crashing out over the same issues. The last page sported a couple of bullet holes from it.

Whatever, he just had to put in more effort. It was all in the arms. Unlike the legs which followed a complicated structure of pre-programmed routines operated by foot pedals, the AMP suit (somewhat) matched the mechanical arms up with the pilot's own movements. That afforded him a lot more control of the mech's upper half.

He closed his eyes, and counted down from ten to regain his composure. Then, his eyes flew open.

"Ahhhhhhh!" he shouted with renewed efforts, mustering all his might! He wasn't about to lose to this mech!

Unfortunately, effort was for meat and bones. The flailing robotic limbs shoved and shoved, yet the only result was the mech suit rocking to one side then the other like an overturned turtle. A minute of that saw him sinking another foot deeper into the ground.

"Done?" Lisa asked once he stopped moving.

Pride bruised, he nodded. The mech powered down.

"Yeah, I'm done."

"Then, get out so I can take a crack at it. Honestly, you only have yourself to blame, trying to brute force something like this." Lisa shook her head, hands spread as if to say 'what can you do'. "Did it ever occur to you that a Thinker might be the solution for cerebral work?"

He paused the middle of unbuckling the various safety belts, and shot a suspicious squint up at Lisa.

"Are you calling me dumb?"

"Nuh-uh. I would never."

That quick answer was rather undercut by Lisa pointedly looking away from him. The glass canopy sprang free to let him climb out, and he seized the chance to poke Lisa's side in passing, drawing out a yelp from her. Now it became her turn to glare at him as she dropped into the pilot seat.

His boots hit the soft snow, and he made a bit of distance from the mech so as to not be struck by an errant limb. The arms were the size of his torso, able to exert a lot of force, and with Lisa at the helm, who could say for sure what might happen. He anticipated untold damage to the surroundings, with her maybe walking into the lake and needing rescue.

The mech powered up again. Through the glass, he saw Lisa shifting in the seat to get comfortable before slipping her arms inside the harness rig that would read her motion inputs and copy it to the mech. The process wasn't an exact one-to-one, which had been the part to give him the most trouble. Move an inch, and it felt like the robot took a mile. He found it very unintuitive, not at all fun.

Lisa… seemed to be faring better. She limbered up the arms, shoulders digging into the ground as they rolled, then brought a hand in front of the glass to count on the fingers. One, two, three, four, five; the fingers fluttered in a wave. Thus satisfied with the equipment's performance, Lisa braced her palms on the snow and slowly raised the AMP suit off the ground. Meanwhile, she was also doing something with the foot pedals that got the robot's legs moonwalking back under the torso. Ten seconds, all told, and she was smirking at him from an upright mech.

Jaune gawked, in total awe at her precise control. He cupped his hands like a megaphone, and called out, "How!?"

But Lisa simply doubled down on her smug, and set the robot to pacing back and forth. The steps began clumsy, yet in no time grew firm and sure to speak of experience that she shouldn't have. It raised a small suspicion for Jaune that something more was going on here, and he observed the mech with a close eye as it stopped in front of him, putting up its fists to shadow box. Crisp punches snapped across the air, as fluid as any flesh and blood human.

He watched the show for a while, timing the punches. Then, once he had gotten the rhythm down, he jumped to squat atop one of the fists. It put him face to face with the girl behind the glass, who paused with the arm raised to serve as his perch.

"Did the Scholar class let you learn that?" he asked, tilting his head. "You're way too good at it for your first time."

Her smirk deepened. The speakers on the mech crackled as Lisa's voice came through.

"Aw, you figured it out," she whined, pretending to sulk. She unhooked her arm from the harness to reach inside her top and pulled out her Adventurer Card from who knew where she had stowed it, brandishing the card between two fingers. "Yeah, stuff like this is a cinch when you can [Speed Read] and [Memorize] and [Visualize] to help in the process. I can probably learn the basics of whatever I feel like in a couple of days if I put my mind to it. Even that glider of yours."

Jaune shielded his eyes, for his partner suddenly looked twice as bright and reliable. With just the right set of circumstances, Lisa had become an incomparable existence, a do-anything girl.

Wait, no, that sounded wrong.

"Buying the base skill for [Piloting] from the Marketplace was one of my better ideas, too," Lisa added. Her gaze drifted to the side. "Right up there with upgrading it to the second level."

He blinked, needing a second for the words to finally hit him. Once it did, he lunged halfway up the mechanical arm, jabbing an accusing finger at the cockpit.

"You cheated! There was a Skill like that!?"

Lisa stuck out her tongue, then said, "You're only mad because you didn't think of it first."

No, duh! He should have bought it for himself ahhhhh!

"Let me get the scroll for a sec," he said, motioning with his hand. Riding a mech was the dream of humankind. He had no intention of passing up a chance like that.

Unfortunately, Lisa did not share the sentiment. She squirmed in her seat, turning to cover from view a pocket on her tight jeans.

"I don't think so, mister." She wagged a finger at him. "Since I already bought the original copy on the phone, if you want it you'd have to pay for the skill share option and that's just a waste of Points."

"I don't know, I think that's a price I'm willing to—"

"Besides," she continued, "it's not really cheating when I understand the underlying concepts, unlike you. All it did for me was skip the practice time needed to pick up the second-nature instincts. If I lose the Skill tomorrow, I can still operate the suit. You'd just be deadweight in that scenario."

Because he might run the risk of becoming deadweight, he should stay as deadweight. Something about that logic didn't seem to hold up to scrutiny, and he said so.

"Not what I meant; I'm saying that you should stick to items as much as you can, we can at least trust those," was Lisa's adamant reply, the same one that had them training daily instead of buying the upgrades which would have bypassed the need. And while he agreed with that to an extent…

"You'd sound more convincing if you hadn't done the complete opposite of that."

"Aaanyway, it's a matter of filling out the different roles," Lisa noted, bulldozing over his point. "You're never gonna sit in this thing in a fight. No, you'd be flying around out there swinging your sword. That's the part you play best."

That… was fair, he had to admit. A big robot did not mesh easily into his current repertoire. Adjusting to it meant shutting out most of what he could do.

Ummm, but why did it feel like she was leading him by the nose?

"You aren't exactly the best suited to work our heavy weaponry either," he said, though without much heat, more arguing with her because that was just what they did. By now, Lisa had turned the mech to face the lake, with him flipping around and lying back on the outstretched arm to enjoy the bracing mountain breeze, one leg swinging off his resting place. "I can't see you firing that big rifle that came with the suit."

"Eh, true, that part is a work-in-process. But I look at this suit as more of a mobile command center, in any case," Lisa explained. "What do you think?"

He pondered on that, the idea of Lisa in a thick suit of armor where nobody could hurt her while she did her talking. Yes, it held an undeniable appeal, especially given the sheer rage she tended to induce in their foes. And allies. And bystanders.

Honestly, she needed all the protection she could get.

He brought his arm around to rap his knuckles against the glass canopy. "I guess that depends on how tough this is."

"It's pretty decent."

His hand clenched into a fist, with him pulling it back. "We'll see about that."

Lisa cringed in her pilot seat, pressing against the backrest. "Stop, you maniac! Do you know how strong you are now? You'll kill me!"

He relented, and Lisa heaved a relieved sigh, smoothing her chest.

"Look, I can judge the specs just fine," she assured him. "It can take a bullet, at least."

Jaune summoned his gunlance. Lisa was once more pressed flat to her chair.

"Not that bullet!"

"You are so fussy," Jaune complained.




Good luck. Do your best. We're praying for your victory.

The words of the men of the castle rang hollow, for as honest as these sentiments were, a greater wish engulfed them under its shadow. Crystallized within thousands, and resounding to their every heartbeat.

Get. Wrecked. Idiot.

Jaune pretended it did not bother him, accelerating across the air to better leave it all behind. None of it should matter right now. For him, there was the sky, the wind in his hair. A foe, over there. One girl cheering him on.

He needed nothing more.

The person in the far distance turned toward him, detecting his presence despite the space in between them. With the ocean waves crashing at his back, he cut a mighty figure as he unslung a bow and drew the string in perfect form.

Yet, it was merely a bow. The sandy plain from there to here posed a greater obstacle to the weapon than anything he might do, so Jaune paid it little worry. This time he had, the calm before the storm, would be better spent clearing his mind and centering himself for the coming battle. The one whose composure broke first would be the one to fall, it was oft said.

For a moment, the wailing winds that blew over these sandy shores fell to a murmur. The bowstring loosened with a crisp snap that carried across the battlefield, and from it an arrow streaked above the blood-tinged dunes as a blur. A respectable if not very impressive speed, as arrows were for those who lived in a world of guns. Jaune could follow it with his eyes, and wasn't that just a damning insult as to the threat it presented to him?

The problem began at about a hundred yards out, the point where it occurred to Jaune that the projectile looked awfully big for an arrow, and seemed to stay on a straight trajectory without ever wavering. The swirls of displaced air around it was rather concerning, too.

Ahead of the arrow, there arrived a sound. It bore into his ears, into the depths of his mind. A sound that he would remember always. Screeeeeeeee- WHOOSH!

He jerked his head out of the way as an entire spear lanced past, the force of it picking him up and whipping him around to leave him tumbling through the air. More akin to a cannon than small arms, it wouldn't have ended with just a bit of an ache had it struck dead on. An explosion rang out behind him, way back toward the fortifications, as the arrow slammed against a thick stone wall. He got a glimpse of the aftermath in the middle of trying to steady his glider. There didn't used to be another entrance on those balconies, if he recalled right.

What monstrous strength.

Regaining control took some doing, and lost him half his altitude in the attempt. Afterward, he stuck to flying at an angle while keeping a wary eye on the bow. The people at the castle had told him he would be facing their greatest warrior, and now, he had an idea of what that entailed. It went a lot further than the outdated liveries and simple blacksmithing he saw from the rank and file soldiers would let on.

So, when the figure in the distance grabbed a handful of spears to put in the bow, Jaune made no assumptions and was ready for any or all of them to reach his position.

He was slightly less ready for that handful to grow into a rain of hundreds of spears falling in a column to blot out the sun. His glider banked hard to one side, and he kicked his rocket boots on full blast to avoid catching a spear in the head. And then he had to avoid catching a spear in the head again… And again, and again…

"Why are they following meeeee!?" Jaune yelled as he zigzagged toward the ground, the raining arrows behind him changing trajectory in physics-defying fashion to give chase. The landscape below him churned and roiled from repeated impacts that were akin to a stampede of wild horses, turning unrecognizable. With no time to consider his landing, he slammed into a sand dune to go cartwheeling over the top and down the side, his body rolling on as the ground evened out to throw sand every which way, inches from impalement at any given moment.

His journey came to an end with him flat on his back half-buried in the beach. The last spear impaled a spot inches from his face, where it quivered with the residual energy left within the shaft.

Jaune laid there, staring at the spear, heart thundering. He hadn't gotten a chance to make an opening move yet, and the fight already went off-kilter. Arrows that multiplied? How did that even work?

The prospect of a second volley gunning for him got him moving. Groaning at the phantom aches and bruises that Aura hadn't healed yet, he pushed up on his hands.

"Huh? Where did he go?" he said, looking around the empty plain.

No sooner had he asked it, a rumble shook the land. The sand around him turned warm, while an oppressive heat licked at the back of his neck. Jaune looked up as the world tinted in a violet light.

He needed a couple of seconds to fully comprehend what that rock growing larger and larger in his vision was about. His eyes slowly widened to two big circles, and his mouth fell open.

"H-Hang on, I thought they said you were a warrior, why are you using magic?" Jaune's voice grew progressively higher. "Hold up. Time out. Can we talk about this? Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait!"

Astride the meteor bearing down upon Jaune, a beast that was once a man howled at the sky.


Universe: Elden Ring. Location: Redmane Castle of the Lands Between.
Event: The Festival of Radahn


-o-
​

Jaune dragged his sorry carcass out of the surf. Once he had cleared the waterline, he flopped down to sit on the shores at the foot of the castle. Tugging at his boot, he pulled it off and tipped it upside-down to dump onto the rocks the seawater collected inside, shaking it to get the flecks of sand out.

Behind him, the metal chains of a crude, archaic elevator rattled as a platform descended down to his level. Out of it Lisa daintily skipped, moving over to his side. She scanned him from head to toe first before looking across the small inlet separating them from the sandy plain where the mindless beast that people called General Radahn endlessly roamed.

"Some date, huh, Jaune?" she asked in a casual manner. "Soooo, changed your mind on dipping out yet?"

He jerked his head to indicate that same Radahn. "We could, but did you see the bow he had on him? That thing ought to sell for a pretty sum."

"Say that after you actually get within arm's reach of him."

Jaune wilted. "Yeah..."

One festival on the heel of another, it had seemed like fate to him. When a person was on a roll of good luck, they had to keep going, right? Most of that kerfuffle in Night City came about as a result of his own making, so his thinking was that if they stayed out of trouble, this new place could well be a stress-free vacation destination to Lisa and him, with maybe some good stuff lying around for the taking. Thus, even with the danger rating associated with it, he leapt on the chance.

A warped sky streaked in red and the wasteland beyond the castle attested to how well that decision turned out. Caelid was a dying land, ravaged by a scourge disease. Apparently, among other things, it turned all the cute little doggies into dinosaurs. That sounded pretty awesome right up until a watchman on the wall pointed one out for him.

"From now on, we're blacklisting anything with 'festival' in it," Lisa demanded. "They're never what they say they are. Bunch of liars."

That, he found hard to argue with, and they might as well blacklist Elden Ring along with it. Seriously, he still wasn't over the dino-dog. The rabid, festering monstrosity needed cleansing by fire.

Jaune slipped his boot back on as he continued to listen to Lisa's grumbling, and walked with her to the wooden elevator. A signal to the soldier stationed at the top got the rickety contraption moving. For a medieval society, it was quite ingenious that they managed to approximate a convenience from his time; although, he supposed an elevator was a system of weights and pulleys at its core, and those have been around practically forever.

The higher elevation granted Jaune a better view of the battlefield he escaped from. Strewn with broken banners and corpses long dead, those grounds caged the single remaining combatant still upright through the use of high walls and tall cliffs that muted sights, deafened sounds. The might of the prisoner rendered any direct methods of containing him futile. He stayed inside so long as nothing outside caught the attention of his deteriorated mind.

Jaune had thought the stress on such a containment strategy to be an exaggeration. No longer. Now, the thick walls of the castle didn't seem enough.

The elevator reached the top of the battlements, grinding to a halt at the keep that laid in the highest part of the castle, at the very back. A series of clicks rang out as latches secured the platform in place. A person was already waiting for the two of them here, stroking his long beard with a cheerful smile on his face. Someone whom Jaune was not so good at dealing with, an elder.

"Ohoho! The plucky lad returns, eh?" The jolly old man, thin frame clad in worn and patchwork armor, chuckled as he clapped Jaune on the shoulder. "By the by, how did you find the mettle of General Radahn?"

He sounded entirely too happy for a man whose stated purpose was to bring an end to his former comrade, the mad Radahn. Jaune looked down at his own filthy, water-logged form and back up to the castellan of Castle Redmane.

"You know, Jerren, it would have been really nice if you warned me beforehand that your old boss could summon a meteor—ahem, excuse me, must have been a cough." Jaune changed his tone to something less caustic. "I almost had him."

The old man, Jerren, passed him a knowing look. "The greatest armies of the land broke upon his sword. Diminished as Radahn may be after all this time, it will take the gathered champions of far and wide to have a hope of slaying him. Of course, you are welcome to try again as many times as you dare before the festival begins." His gaze beneath the hood he wore narrowed, the general air of dottiness peeling back as he jabbed a finger at Jaune in warning. "So long as you remember honor."

Jaune avoided the glare, scratching his cheek and awkwardly glancing at Lisa for help—no luck there. Him firing a shot with his rifle, Ruhm, from the castle walls had nearly set off a revolt among the soldiers stationed at Redmane. Radahn could play with giant rocks dropped from the sky, but just try to hit him from a safe distance and suddenly this Jaune Arc fellow was taking it one step too far.

"I'll keep it in mind," he said, and bade farewell to the castellan. He followed Lisa out of the keep, headed for the main courtyard that laid below.

They hadn't even cleared the first set of steps before someone else accosted them. A hulking figure leapt down from a higher platform, joining them on the staircase.

"You survived! I guess you are not all talk, Jaune Arc!" bellowed the figure. His tone held a hint of a growl, though by no means was he angry. It had more to do with his wolfish maw and wolfish eyes and wolfish ears—a general wolfiness to the warrior who stood a good three heads taller than Jaune.

"Blaidd, you saw the show?" Jaune said, and braced for the congratulatory slap on the back which would have sent him flying otherwise. A wolfman, not a werewolf, Blaidd nevertheless exhibited an inhuman level of strength, something Jaune found out for himself upon their first meeting.

"From beginning to ignominious end." Blaidd pointed up. "That tower there afforded me a fine view. How you can fly, I know mistress R- milady would love to hear…" That mysterious 'milady' again. A person whose name might get the warrior in trouble if spoken aloud, or so Lisa had gleaned. "Bah, no matter, you have bought us important information about the battle to come, news that must be spread to our fellow champions. It will be a fine chance for us to make their acquaintance. Come!"

A friendly sort, Blaidd. Jaune was glad that his sword had missed the guy's throat hours earlier. In his defense, a wolfman opening his mouth to say hello bore an uncanny resemblance to a werewolf trying to eat someone's face off.

The wolfman led them down another flight of steps. Away from the inner sanctum, activity began to pick up with soldiers marching to and fro, chests puffed up to display their surcoats emblazoned with the image of a lion. Those who were stationed at the defenses watched their group closely.

"It's been bothering me, but why are all the ballistas facing the wrong way?" he mused aloud.

Castle Redmane followed a tiered structure, one section stacked atop another, growing smaller in area as it went. It bristled with medieval traps and artillery. One would expect them, then, to point that outside the walls, maybe at the Radahn problem, but no. All were aimed at… well, at the place Jaune was headed to, hence his concern.

Lisa opened her mouth to answer, yet Blaidd got there first, his rugged baritone crowding out Lisa's more delicate voice.

"Haha! Away from the general, you mean? Radahn has his enemies even to this day who would see him brought low as a quarry rather than a warrior. A final humiliation as vengeance. More fool them, but such is their reason."

Spotting her chance, Lisa chimed in, "It doesn't help that there are a bunch of outsiders in the castle right now, half of them famed for their strength of arms. Give them a reason and the castle might fall in a day—"

"Too right!" Blaidd agreed, cutting her off. The wolfman then hunched low to put his face at their level. He glanced around, eyeing a soldier in worn armor as the man hurried by. "And you did not hear this from me, but there's good odds at least a few are spies from other forces. Ears everywhere, listening in. After all, Radahn holds a shard of the mighty Elden Ring—"

Lisa jumped back into the conversation, shooting Blaidd a glare for good measure. "Which means defeating Radahn lets a person grab a piece of his power, right?" she half-guessed, half-declared. "That makes him quite the prize—"

Blaidd took over. "I'd call that an understatement. With how well-hidden the remaining holders of the shards are, the road to the Erdtree for those seeking to rule must pass through here," he said, unaware of the girl now making strangling motions behind him. Lisa did not seem to like Blaidd much, which Jaune supposed might stem from her difficulty reading into a wolf on two legs with her powers, plus the wide breadth of familiarity the man held with the various ongoings around these parts making him an excellent guide.

With a final step, they arrived at their destination. The main courtyard of the fortress, staging ground for a war… and a celebration. Today, the line blurred between the two.

Here, the champions had assembled to make their preparations, to mingle with both old friends and sworn enemies, all grievances put aside in the face of a greater purpose. Rough hemp ropes crisscrossed above their heads, upon which hung the weapons of the champions who came before, fallen to Radahn.

Nipping at their heels were those seeking to make a profit, peddlers and stalls set up along the walls to form a bustling market. Jaune had given the traders a cursory glance thus far, but he intended to visit them in earnest soon. Many sold food, while others touted artifacts and good luck talismans—some of which might even work. As befitting a martial event, weapons took center stage, and he had already spotted a number of items that seemed to go beyond the mundane. Swords that crackled with esoteric energies, and axes made from no material he recognized. With luck, he would find a decent shield to bring back for Bennett as a souvenir, and something for himself.

Also, they were big on faith here. He could finally talk to a priest and maybe get some help making heads or tails out of the scrolls that Solaire gifted him way back when. He wouldn't mind the ability to throw lightning bolts around, just saying.

That was a matter best left for later, though.

"See him? That's Great Horned Tragoth." Blaidd indicated a man whose armor was wrapped in a pair of huge, ram-like horns. "Many a questing Tarnished owed their lives to his assistance. Ah! And over there we have Okina of the Land of Reeds." He pointed at a samurai, now. One wearing a wooden mask depicting a snarling old man. "His stories are but rumors, and bloody ones at that. Yet, if even half of them are true, then he has crossed blades with legends in his time."

The people around him were too interesting for him to spend his time shopping. The best in the land had answered Jerren's call, and days would need to pass before their deeds were fully listed out.

Strong, he kept hearing. Skilled and battle-hardened, masters of the art of combat. He could learn a thing or two, or ten, if he played his cards right.

Despite being well out of earshot, the samurai turned his head to fix his gaze on their group, thumb running over the handle of his katana. Lisa promptly took a step to the side to hide behind Jaune's frame.

"He wants to kill us along with everybody in the courtyard," she informed him.

"It would not surprise me. Strength manifests in different, often repugnant, ways," Blaidd said. "Still, he abides by the truce. I won't worry about him until this is all over." The corner of his mouth twitched, and his tail wagged back and forth. "I understand him, a little. All these warriors in one place… it gets your blood boiling for a fight, does it not?"

Jaune nodded at once. "I get you. I might not know them like you, but I want to." How they fought, what they've done. There was a whole wide world filled with knights and heroes and villains, with barely any time for him to listen to their tales.

"Look there, that's the fellow I told you about," said Blaidd, nudging him. "Iron Fist Alexander, a fine warrior making his name. He'll go far, mark my word."

Jaune eagerly looked where the wolfman gestured, searching for the person. That soon grew into confusion.

"Am I crazy, or is nobody there?" / "Am I crazy, or is that cooking pot moving?"

He glanced at Lisa, who was rubbing her eyes and squinting hard at a big clay cauldron set up near the tables and benches for eating, a little further past the spot Blaidd indicated. The thing could cook for an army, tall as him and wide enough to fit a dozen of him inside. It was also just sitting there, as pots were wont to do.

"...Do you want my honest opinion?" he asked.

"Shut up, it was rhetorical," Lisa shot back. "That pot is moving."

He placed a palm on her forehead to check if she had a fever. She shoved the hand away and glared at him.

Blaidd was the one to interrupt their little staring contest, seizing Jaune by the shoulder and turning him around. The wolfish maw perked up in a clear smile.

"Never mind that, you two. The gate is lifting again."

A portcullis gate separated the castle from the outer buildings, kept shut most hours. The traders were unable to use it, forced to move their goods via a system of pulleys on the wall or via the side entrances like the servants. The inconvenience had to do with ceremony. The soldiers of Redmane would open it only for one reason right now.

Chains rattled as the gate rose. On the other side stood a figure cast in shadow.

"Another champion has come to join us, and I would recognize that scent anywhere." Blaidd's tail resembled a fan with how fast it was swinging. "He is here."

Jaune whipped his head up to look at his new acquaintance, and had to resist shouting. "He? You mean, the one you said is closest to becoming the Elden Lord? The man that defeated Godrick the Grafted and Rennala of the Full Moon?"

In this place, nobody went without a title. Always 'the-' or 'of-' something. It made him a little jealous. He wouldn't mind one of his own.

"Yes, him," Blaidd confirmed, and Jaune pumped a fist.

He had been waiting for this ever since the wolfman regaled him of recent happenings. A new wind was sweeping over the Lands Between, a time of legends not seen since centuries ago, and Jaune arrived right on time to watch it unfold.

Sometimes, he just had to come right out and say it. Circumstances aside, he loved traveling between worlds.

Next to him, Lisa heaved an indulgent sigh, knowing exactly what was going through his mind. She crossed her arms and bumped him with her hips, waving for him to go ahead. He heard her mutter under her breath, "Stupid boys…"

The gate settled into place with a final clang, and the newest champion stepped through.

Aseo, the—

"It is him," howled Blaidd. "Aseo, the Naked Parry King!"

Jaune balked. "Wait, what? That's seriously his nickname?"

In the wasteland they call the Caelid Wilds, the champions had gathered from far and wide. And once more, the Festival of Radahn commenced in earnest.


Author's Notes: It still gets me that the official comic for Elden Ring is a humorous take on it all.
Here, well, I'll be mixing it with the tone of the game, but on the whole, Jaune's and Lisa's presence in this place is better served by a dash of humor. They're going to need it.

Anyway, might be writing other stuff, might be playing through Elden Ring for realsies this time. Let's see how the week goes.
Stories:
QQ Sneaking His Way into the Multiverse , a RWBY Jaune, WC-lite mechanics story.
Other RWBY stories on AO3 or FF - Yakuza Arc | Conquered Menagerie: Annals of the Sixth Kingdom | Cat, Bunny, and the Good Ship Honey Starbright | The Agent
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Amrynel, Amdiranifani, WinterPhoenix and 356 others
LazyAutumnMoon
Jun 6, 2026
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 84: The Man Closest to the Throne
View content
LazyAutumnMoon
LazyAutumnMoon
We all need Sundancer in our life.
JoinedJun 7, 2024
Messages289
Likes received68,284
Jun 13, 2026
Add bookmark
#8,309

Chapter 84: The Man Closest to the Throne
​

It was said, the world that had once stopped in its tracks began to move with his appearance.

Coming out of nowhere, taking the Lands Between by storm, he accomplished things nobody else would dream of. Demigods that had laid countless challengers low, fell at his feet. Those who met him all agreed, his thinking belonged to another realm. Aseo, that man…

"That's Radahn? Wow, he's scary. Can we, I don't know, shoot him with one of the ballistas from here?" said Aseo, up-and-coming legendary warrior, shading his eyes with a hand as his head poked over the castle battlements. He was shaking like a leaf, having watched the hulking, mindless figure in the distance beat a long-dead corpse to paste with his swords.

Jaune, standing next to him, threw his arms in the air. "That's what I was telling them!"

In a castle obsessed with honorable combat, two like-minded souls bumped their fists together. With that exchange, the ice broke between them.

"Aseo," the warrior offered his name.

"I've heard. The Naked Parry King, right?"

"...Yeah, I guess so." Strangely, Aseo did not appear very enthused about his title, mumbling at a quieter volume about a 'Melina' and 'getting that witch back for this'. What an odd guy.

"Well, good to meetcha! I'm Jaune."

"Jaune, huh? Of?"

Now was Jaune's turn to wilt. "I don't have a title yet."

The Huntsman? The Valkyria? In bygone days (last week), he would have so proudly worn those coats, but after listening to Blaidd list out the epithets that people here threw around, they no longer measured to the same level of grandeur in his mind. His eyes had been opened, now wide and clear. The part of him that wanted to be a hero, hear people cheer his name, maybe with a movie deal or two, yearned for something with flair, something flowery and poetic.

Lisa interrupted his thoughts, lightly pushing the back of his head to snap him out of it. "Ugh, I knew nothing good would come of you mixing with this lot. Don't turn native on me after less than a day." She shook her head and turned to their new acquaintance. "Aseo, was it? This silly man is with me. Lisa's the name."

Aseo cocked his head. "Lisa the…?"

"The Girl in the Know," she answered without missing a beat.

Jaune leaned down next to her ear, speaking behind his hand. "And how long did you spend workshopping that?"

"Shoosh, you."

Despite playing it cool, Lisa could not quite hide the slight red flush creeping across her face which revealed the truth. Deep down at her core, she really was no better than him.

"Anyway," she gamely continued, glancing over to Aseo who during the lull had struck up conversation with Blaidd. "What's the deal with him? I still can't pick up anything special. Everybody got in a tizzy once he showed his face, but he's literally just another idiot." Said person was showing off little chips of colored glass to the wolfman, looking very proud of them, until a strong gust of wind swept half his baubles out of his hands and over the wall. He almost leapt after them, but Blaidd managed to stop him in the nick of time. "No, wait, he's even worse."

"Be nice," he chided, nudging her with his elbow. Yes, it was ever a vain hope that she would listen to that particular request, but he figured he should keep trying anyhow.

Still, she had a point, even if she could have put it in a nicer way. The newest champion to arrive at Redmane lacked the standout impression Jaune expected from the supposed top dog of the bunch, a young man with messy black hair and a face that Jaune might pass by on the street without a second glance. The champion also dressed in chainmail armor and tunic rather than run around naked, which made Jaune wonder what the nickname was even about. Was it a metaphor?

Then again, it could just be Aseo's peers that stood out too much. From Great Horned Tragoth with a huge stone hammer bigger than himself balanced on a shoulder to the walking, talking clay jar that Jaune mistook earlier for a communal cooking pot, this section of the castle wall was at the moment playing host to quite an impactful ensemble.

Why nobody batted an eye at Alexander (the jar), Jaune struggled to understand. He considered Blaidd a Faunus as a matter of course now that the man proved he wasn't a werewolf, but a piece of sentient pottery had to stretch the limits of credulity, he felt. If Alexander was alive, then why do people treat tables and chairs as inanimate objects? Yet, even Lisa had to declare him a thinking individual after exchanging a few words. The mystery deepened the more one looked, confounding Jaune to no ends.

Yes, he took a picture of the guy. A video, too.

The people back home would never believe him, otherwise.

"The challenge at hand is how do we approach our opponent," said Tragoth amid conversation with the other champions, his voice echoing due to the helm which covered his face. "A meteor? I trust in my hammer, in my armor. Alas, they also weigh me down fiercely. Blaidd, you seem a spry fellow. Have you an idea?"

Aseo muttered, "Follow Blaidd's lead, and we'll probably get lost on the way to the fight. Something on him is cursed with a teleport trap, it's the only explanation."

"What was that?" asked Blaidd, with Aseo doing an immediate about-face.

"Nothing!"

"I could have sworn you spoke… Ah, no matter. You ask how am I to take on Radahn? It is risky, but I believe a frontal charge would be the most honorable thing."

"Is that our biggest concern?" Aseo asked weakly, slumping his shoulders. "Really?"

As the other champions threw their own suggestions into the ring, Jaune spoke in Lisa's ear. "I guess even a guy like Blaidd has a few quirks. Who would have guessed?"

She peered up at him. "Did you somehow miss the fact that he has a wolf's head?"

"I've mentioned to you before about the Faunus of my world, haven't I? Yeah, he's a bit different from that but let me tell you, Faunus traits can be anything. Anything. Like, there was this one White Fang Faunus during the battle back at Beacon that just… she was shooting these white, sticky ropes of spiderweb out of her hands that went everywhere. Rope after rope, all over the people around her. Blaidd's case isn't so strange in comparison."

The look of utter disgust on Lisa's face said enough.

Their little aside ended there, and Jaune turned his attention back to the discussion where a debate had broken out over Aseo's idea of using sleds tied to horses to close the distance. General consensus was of the mind that it would simply result in a lot of dead horses, and Aseo was a terrible person for suggesting that in the first place. They were now calling for volunteers among them to pull the sleds, instead. A much more humane plan.

As in, a lot of humans would die rather than horses. With great reluctance, they scrapped the idea after that was pointed out.

The frontal charge was, of course, not in question.

"No, don't skirt over that. Why isn't it?" Lisa asked, instantly drawing incredulous gazes from all around. "Pincer attacks are a thing. Blaidd, you yourself told us that was how you and Alexander"—she jerked a thumb at the big clay jar standing with its arms crossed (which still sounded crazy no matter how many times Jaune thought about it)—"took down one of those dino-dogs outside the castle."

"That is that, and this is this," Blaidd said while nodding sagely. "General Radahn deserves better than for his final end to be an ambush from behind."

That got a rousing cry not just from the assembled warriors, but also from the castle soldiers within earshot. Jaune cheered along with them until a glare from Lisa put an end to that. Likewise, his subsequent protests to her that Blaidd made a great point received a withering look from the girl.

"You can't eat honor," Lisa declared, undaunted in the face of all the people arrayed against her. For they were wrong, and that could not stand.

Click.

One little sound cut through the hubbub. Okina of the Land of Reeds, heretofore content to remain silent, had raised his katana an inch out of its scabbard. The notched blade drenched in red carried an ominous glow.

Jaune very carefully shaped his hand to hold a sword, ready to summon it to hand at the slightest overt sign of an attack.

"Without honor, we are nothing more than lowly beasts, and for a meeting of champions, there are far too many cowards among us," said Okina. "My blade thirsts for the blood of worthy opponents. Yet, I find that craven hearts fill it all the same."

The samurai directed his gaze toward Aseo, who had begun sweating bullets. It moved the other way to look at Lisa, with Jaune getting there first to step in front of her. Okina cocked his head, observing him head to toe. A derisive snort told Jaune what the man thought of him, throwing more fuel to the fire.

"I see no champions," Okina said.

Right away, Aseo's hand snapped into the air. "I completely agree, so if you need me, I'll be sitting in the stands—erk!" The man's words cut off, his head now squeezed in an arm lock by Blaidd before he could make his exit.

"None here are craven!" Blaidd cried. His booming voice carried over the castle, and the wolfman seemed oblivious to Aseo's attempts of wriggling free. "Aseo has fought alongside me, and valorous was his heart that day ("Were we looking at the same thing?"). Jaune, I know but scant hours ago, and he was the first to challenge Radahn. Ignoble and pathetic though his defeat may be ("Hey!") to everyone here, courage is not something he lacks."

Okina was unmoved. "Absent of skills, he is then merely a fool with not even a 'the' or 'of' to his name."

Was everybody in this place going to give him grief over that?

The wolfman narrowed his eyes and bared his fangs, matching Okina's oppressive aura with one of his own. "They are skilled, and they will prove it to us on the training grounds."

Lightning almost seemed to crackle between wolf and samurai, such was the intensity of their bearing. Trapped in the middle, the Naked Parry King hung limply, resigned to whatever came next.

"Is anyone going to ask our opinions before deciding that?" he said. "No? Wonderful."

Jaune nodded in sympathy. This kind of pushiness was cuter when coming from Lisa or Hu Tao, and not a bunch of old guys.

As the champions bickered on, he leaned against the parapet with his head tilted back to peer over the wall. Poor Radahn awaited down on the beach there, completely forgotten by his challengers as they went off to do their own thing.

…Was this festival going to be okay?


-o-
​

The training grounds encompassed a ring set off to the side of the main courtyard. It saw use as a place where people settled their grievances or displayed their martial might. Violence came part and parcel with a war festival, and life in general in the tumultuous Lands Between.

Into that ring Jaune strode, sword on his hip and decked in armor. The scales of a fiery wyvern rippled under the faded daylight of a Caelid sun.

Lisa had been the one to suggest he went in full regalia—it sent a message while hiding their hand. Aura was a potent card should someone here decide he needed to die. She tended to needlessly worry like that. It would all come out soon, anyway, once they launched their assault on Radahn.

He took his position and brandished his sword. The blade remained in its scabbard, which made it a little awkward of a shape for a true duel of swords, but he compensated for it easily enough at his level of strength. In any case, a practice bout called for some restraint, blunted edges and things like that. His other hand held onto the shield of Red Rook.

Across from him, was Aseo. His sword belonged to the two-handed variety, tall and heavy. He braced it on a shoulder, and wore a look of absolute focus.

"What a shite stance."

"Which one?"

"Both. They bring shame upon themselves, conducting in such a manner."

"Tsk, tsk. I want to meet the masters who taught them."

A vein popped on his head, and in unison with Aseo, he scowled at the spectators encircling them who were still going off about every little nitpicky detail. The champions did this while lounging on chairs and tables, with snacks to go around, casual as could be. The pair then shared a tepid look.

"Why are we even facing off?" Aseo asked. "They're the ones with the problem. After all that, it would have made a lot more sense for us to fight them."

"Right?" said Jaune. "I wouldn't mind the chance to whack Okina's stupid mask off his face."

"Me first."

As conversation between them fell off, his gaze drifted over to Lisa, the reason he was in this mess to begin with. She sat atop a barrel, chin in hands. Having donned one of her spare outfits stowed in his Pocket, the girl fitted in with the world around her a lot better than he did.

Noticing him, she cutely smiled before sticking out her tongue. You're on your own, she conveyed with a wink.

Aseo gave a sigh, scuffing the ground with his boot. "This is such a hassle." His voice lowered in volume. "Psst, hey. Why don't we save our energy and just fake it? I'm a pretty good actor."

For a few seconds, Jaune did not answer. He adjusted his grip on his sword, glancing around. Then…

Clang!

Sword clashed on sword, with Jaune smiling at Aseo from up close. Crocea Mors, still in its scabbard, ground down on the claymore that Aseo was holding sideways over his head.

"Hold up! I thought you didn't want to do this, either!" Aseo squeaked out.

"Ohh… I wouldn't say that," Jaune replied. "To tell the truth, I've been looking for someone to trade pointers with. After all, there's always more to learn~"

He slipped his shield arm between their bodies, and gave Aseo a big shove back to start the bout in earnest.

A punch might have done more damage there, but a spar meant he had to dial it down. In the same vein, he pursued his opponent at a slower pace to allow him the time to plan his moves.

Not too slow, though.

"Come on, let's see what you got!" he said as his sword flashed through the air. At the last second, Aseo diverted it with his claymore.

Not letting up, Jaune twisted the blade, transforming it into a stab at the chest that sent Aseo scrambling to dodge. Seizing that momentum was a no-brainer, and he advanced with a low sweep of his leg that threw his opponent further off balance.

Aseo stayed on his feet, if barely. The reach and weight of his bulky claymore suited a wider distance. Fighting inside that range was a little cheap of Jaune, but the world could forgive him for that, surely. Since he tended to encounter guns more than blades, the chance to show off his swordplay didn't come around too often.

The spar quickly shifted from the center of the ring to its edge, Aseo on the backfoot all the while. Each blow from Crocea Mors, heavier than at first glance, rattled the claymore and shook Aseo's stance. It gave Jaune confirmation that his strength had grown to a point where the simple longsword bore the same sort of formidability as a greatsword, lacking only in range.

Was there a way to take further advantage of that? Get in even closer, so he was in a scrap that wholesale eliminated his foes' weapons from the equation… No, at that point he might as well become a brawler, or a knifefighter, and he didn't really have the fundamentals for that.

Haaah. It was hard to know how to improve, with him as his own teacher.

Well, he could trust in his sword, at the very least. Place it just right, behind the foot, and a shield bash would knock whoever he fought down to the ground.

"Ow!" Aseo cried as he landed on his rear. The claymore slipped from his grasp, hitting the rough castle stone with a loud clank.

Jaune held back for a bit to see whether the other man would concede the spar. Aseo chose instead to dive after his weapon, and in answer, Jaune brought his sword up to slam it down in an overhead chop. A blow that would finish any fight.

At the last moment, Aseo's gaze that had been trained on his claymore flicked to the side to meet Jaune's eyes, and Jaune realized too late that the other man had planned for this.

Aseo's figure blurred. The tip of Crocea Mors struck the ground, screeching off the stone as Aseo rolled to his feet with his weapon once more in his grip. The claymore then whipped around at blistering speed, aimed at Jaune's throat to force him to duck.

A leap backward gained him distance outside of melee range, as his mind raced to analyze what had occurred. His finishing blow had Aseo dead to rights. There should never have been a chance for a turnaround, until his opponent moved like a phantom through harm's way.

The answer came from an unlikely source.

"He may be worthy of his name, after all," Okina begrudgingly said from his spot on the sidelines, arms crossed. "And that speed, it puts him on par with any of my disciples."

Beside him, Blaidd nodded. "If it's Aseo, it has to be this. What a splendid return to form."

Jaune blinked, taking in the scene, trying to see what they saw. No matter how hard he looked, the picture refused to straighten out into something comprehensible.

"Phew!" Weapon propped like a walking stick, Aseo wiped his brow. "Thank goodness I got my armor off in time."

The pervert said that while dressed in a piece of loincloth, and nothing else. Practically an admission of premeditation for his act of public indecency, with not even alcohol as an excuse. Shocked gasps rang out all throughout the courtyard at his brazen display.

Among the champions, however, a different reaction took root.

"I see," said Great Horned Tragoth. "Removing his armor unencumbers him of excess weight, thereby increasing his swiftness manifolds."

Okina grunted, and said, "The drastic difference between the two states then creates the illusion that he vanished through thin air, and renders him nearly untouchable. That one moment should count as a special move in itself."

Murmurs continued to grow within the crowd of champions, each finding something to be impressed about. Only, none of them were addressing the real problem.

"That's not how any of it works. The difference isn't 'drastic', it should be tiny. This doesn't make any sense," Jaune cried. Stripping naked was not a winning move in a fight. Pyrrha would have told him something that important!

He heard a familiar laugh, bitter and mocking.

"That's rich coming from you, mister!" Lisa called out, hands cupped like a megaphone.

Not this again. "Everything I do is normal," he insisted, and rightly so.

"Tell that to Isaac Newton!"

"Once again, I have to ask. Who even is that!?"

A cough, and Aseo cut in. "Sorry to interrupt you two lovebirds, but uh..." The sly man had used the brief distraction between Jaune and Lisa to settle again into a fighting stance. "Doesn't me doing it means that it is possible?"

"Guh!" Jaune winced, unable to argue the self-evident truth of that statement. The proof was before his eyes, and in brave new worlds, who was he to deem it one thing or another?

He looked Aseo up and down. (More up than down.)

Nope, never mind. He still couldn't accept this. Stripping might be many things, but a superpower was not one.

His opponent refused to give him any more time to think on it, though. Aseo closed the distance in the blink of an eye, searing into Jaune's memory the image of a man's pale and sweaty body. And swinging the claymore at his arm, too, but that caused less damage to him since he caught it on his shield.

"He could have parried," someone said, he didn't know who.

"No, Jaune meant to do that," Blaidd said. "He stopped entirely the momentum of the blade. Against a greatsword, that is crucial."

The peanut gallery was getting into the swing of it now, providing a slew of commentary to follow up on Blaidd. Some were wrong, fewer than one might expect. Many of them got things right. It attested to their skills in the art of combat, and emboldened Jaune's hope that he would pick up something good by sticking around.

The spryer version of Aseo posed a much more formidable foe. He darted in and out of Jaune's range, lugging the claymore along as if it weighed nothing. The sheer speed of his movements added to the momentum of the blade, strengthening its attack. The synergy between sword and 'sword' crafted a style which shone beyond its individual components, and anyone's expectations.

Oh sure, the thought definitely passed his mind that he could slap on his rocket boots and then overpower his opponent with brute force, but that went against the spirit of what he was trying to accomplish here. Namely, learning.

Although, he wished he could be learning a different lesson from this.

Aseo stepped in for another exchange, and Jaune now had a choice to make. Dignity, or power.

In the space between one moment and the next, the suit of armor encasing him popped out of existence. His shirt went with them. He rushed forward with a burst of speed, free and unencumbered, sword lunging to meet the incoming Aseo.

A soft noise slipped from Aseo's lips. "Heh."

Clang!

Jaune's eyes flew open wide, his whole body tilted from the blow that had batted his sword off its course. His hand trembled with the effort of holding onto his weapon. Looming above him, Aseo mirrored an earlier move of his, winding back for an overhead chop.

"You are an impressive stripper, but you lack commitment," Aseo admonished. "Those pants will be the death of you in real combat."

Jaune hissed through his teeth. "Naked Parry King—!" The sword descended.

A sharp streak to separate the air, raising barely a whisper in its wake. It was beautifully done.

But…

Wham! The Red Rook shield smashed into the sword, tossing it aside with ease. Jaune spun with the motion, Crocea Mors sweeping in a crescent arc.

"I learned to parry ages ago!" he shouted.

May Solaire witness him now.

"Tch. Fine, I'll show my true skill," Aseo shouted back. His knee pulled up to his chest, the foot launching out before Jaune could land his riposte. "Kick!"

Jaune jumped to the side, abandoning his attack. "Wait, what? That's what you call a skill? If you can do it, I can do it, too. Kick!"

His foot crashed against a naked chest, and sent his opponent flying. The spectators erupted in cries of awe.

"He stole that skill after seeing it once?" Blaidd blurted out, completely floored.

"A hidden master. How could I have missed it? Argh! My blade is singing out to taste his life!" bemoaned Okina, clutching tight onto his katana that had leapt free of its scabbard. "Don't stop me!"

The champions around Okina immediately piled on him to hold him back. Others were observing the spar with new interest, no doubt itching for their turn to show off their abilities.

One stood out from the rest, and stood over the rest. The big clay jar they called Iron Fist Alexander rubbed his… chin?... and spoke.

(How? Jaune didn't know. It wasn't like the jar had a face, let alone a mouth.)

"Acceptable, as kicks go. And yet, I cannot praise them," he said, prompting Jaune to pause and listen in. "Their overhead slashes leave much to be desired, carelessly done at the slightest opportunity." The jar firmed his posture, and brought his hands together to lift them up high. "A proper Overhead Stance bracing one's whole body for the blow would see its speed and might become nigh unconquerable."

The two fighters in the ring slowly turned their heads to stare at the living jar, then back to one another. While a smile stretched wide to split Jaune's face, the Aseo that was sprawled out on the ground grew pale and threw a hand up.

"Can we talk about this?" he spluttered.

"It's for practice. I'm not going to hurt you or anything… much," Jaune said. He slipped his hand from the strap of his shield, letting it fall as he seized his sword with both hands. The blade crisply snapped to position above his head, a mimicry of the stance that Alexander was demonstrating outside the ring. He maintained that posture, muscles coiled and ready to spring ahead rather than just swing. "Now, try and escape, and I'll see if I can catch you like this."

"No, look, I've always seen myself as more of a pacifist, so—" Aseo shot forward across the ground. "Hahaha, I tricked y-blegh!"

The champion had been fast. Crocea Mors had been faster. With some mind paid to proper footwork, Jaune managed to whip the blunted blade down so cleanly that after it smashed Aseo into the ground, the sword bounced back up to give him a chance to do it again. A chance he took, striking a second time to leave Aseo lying flat on his front, twitching.

The spectators roared their approval in the wake of the exchange.

"Better!" Alexander bellowed. "You are now at least at the level of an apprentice jar." A chuckle left his lips(?). "Worthy enough, for me to teach you the spinning arts of the warrior jars and become legendary!"

Fighters of renown, that one sentence served as their call. Jaune learned that day the secret of champions. They all wanted to be remembered, in their own way.

In other words, they each thought their technique was superior and damn what anyone else says.

Great Horned Tragoth plodded in front of Alexander, bumping the jar aside. "Nay! Your stripping prowess is the perfect setup for my elegant Ground Slam." He slapped a hand on the thick armor plate of his chest. "Imagine your foe as a chair. While they are on the ground, clad yourself in the heaviest of armor and leap up high. Gravity will do the rest."

Aseo eeped, and scrambled upright while shouting about it being his turn to try out skills on Jaune. Which was fair, except Jaune didn't enjoy the idea of being someone else's chair.

Still, the choice of what to learn was many, and growing with the passing seconds. He had his picks.

"We need to consider the weapons at hand. An Impaling Thrust is a suitable skill for a claymore-wielder."

"Why not a Lion's Claw—"

"Quiet, my fellows. Peace. I believe that a skill of my own special make, the Wolf's Assault, is the best and most efficient option possible."

"Blow it out your ears, mutt. I'll show them a Quickstep. Like a normal person."

"Stab yourself in the stomach to drench it with your life's blood, which will empower your attacks!"

That last one brought everyone up short, with all eyes turning toward the speaker.

"What?" Said Okina of the Land of Reeds.

In the end, their activities on the training grounds escalated a tad out of hand. Not all warriors were calm and collected masters meditating under waterfalls. Once one among them decided a hands-on demonstration of their abilities was called for, the rest followed suit. Thus far, two people were out of the festival for missing limbs until they could find a cleric to slap it back on with a priestly spell.

On Jaune's part, it was a feast.

Many of the skills brought forward involved esoteric magic that was beyond him. No matter how many times Blaidd showed his ultimate Wolf's Assault technique, Jaune was never going to get it. Not in a hundred years, not in a thousand. How did one 'will frost into being as a blade'? He certainly tried. And failed.

On the other hand, he picked up a few quite nice tips to improve his performance out of that mess. Flight had added a whole new dimension to combat for him, but also led him to neglect the fundamentals of footwork for the sake of a shortcut. Blend the two together instead, and he might approximate some of local techniques like the Quickstep and Impaling Thrust. It was, at the core, an extension of what he was already doing, with tighter movements that were closer to actual Huntsman acrobatics. Pyrrha probably would have gotten him started on those lessons around this time, in better circumstances.

Now, Ground Slam. That one had seemed a joke at first. Then, epiphany hit to give new life to an old idea. A bigger Pocket could fit a bigger boulder, and a bigger boulder along with gravity added up to a bad time for anything he would like to see dead.

Of course, that meant a trip outside the castle. Into the Caelid Wilds, where the rotten flowers bloomed.


Author's Notes: (ㆆ_ㆆ)
Stories:
QQ Sneaking His Way into the Multiverse , a RWBY Jaune, WC-lite mechanics story.
Other RWBY stories on AO3 or FF - Yakuza Arc | Conquered Menagerie: Annals of the Sixth Kingdom | Cat, Bunny, and the Good Ship Honey Starbright | The Agent
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Amrynel, Amdiranifani, DuManHeiu and 353 others
LazyAutumnMoon
Jun 13, 2026
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 85: The Rocks that Fall
View content
LazyAutumnMoon
LazyAutumnMoon
We all need Sundancer in our life.
JoinedJun 7, 2024
Messages289
Likes received68,284
Jun 27, 2026
Add bookmark
#8,515

Chapter 85: The Rocks that Fall
​

A rolling stone gathered no moss. But…

Crash. Bang. Oh, how hard it sang. A rock ballad for the ages.

"Out of the way, here it goes again!"

"Left! Roll left! Look at those monsters run! Hahaha!"

"Back in formation, you lot. The rest of them are coming back around. Only our guests get to pass the bridge. Burn the rot!"

"""Burn the rot!"""

The shouts were taken up by soldiers across the barren fields, as the hounds of Caelid once more charged up the hill. The men braced behind the barricades with their swords and spears and torches, awaiting the moment their neverending battle began in earnest again.

They fought against the land, against mutated life grown to monstrous sizes, against bodies of the fallen from a war long ago that yet walked. Above all, they fought against the flowers. The one flower to still sprout in this wasteland, spreading far and wide until they were met with a cleansing fire. Ash and smoke filled these soldiers' world, breathed in with each new day.

For this section of the defenses, front and center of the slope leading up to the bridge, it was the dogs that they faced. Slobbering beasts driven mad by endless hunger, those things had no concept of friend and foe beyond their pack. Their position at the front of the horde was won by dint of eating everything in their way. Several tons of boulder rolling down the hill had thinned their numbers, but there remained a fair few yet to regroup and continue the assault.

The first to hit the barricades drove itself straight onto the wooden spikes projecting outward. Even then, it kept shoving forward, a deadly jaw gnashing left and right in order to get one more bite of that most scrumptious human flesh. In the place of an eye, a crimson flower bloomed in full season.

To that, there was only one thing a person could say.

"Dibs!" Jaune called out, not that the people around him would understand the term.

Still, he proved the fastest anyhow, lunging upward to ram his blade under the monster's chin and through its head. A cheer went up among the soldiers as the dog jerked to a sudden halt. Jaune was already stepping over the barricades by then, a swing of his sword shearing off the next monster's snout with a kick following up to send it crashing against its brethren and causing a pile-up. Fire bloomed beneath him, launching him above the pack of dogs. They nipped at his heels, attention stolen, easy pickings for the soldiers of Redmane Castle to end their blighted existence.

The soldiers had no problem with him bringing out his guns for these foes. There might be envy in their eyes, but they knew better than to question a good thing, egging him on as he performed a strafing run down the hill. Their hearts must be made of rather stern stuff after their time in Caelid, because they even cheered as the fresh blood among the dogs soon turned the monsters against each other in a feeding frenzy from hell.

Jaune had seen some things in his life, but he still gagged at the sight of the dino-dogs tearing themselves limb from limb. Sheesh, talk about eating their own tail. Days like these, he almost missed fighting Grimm. At least with them, he understood what to expect.

Also, you know, the Grimm didn't spread diseases around. The guys here in Caelid had to deal with apocalyptic monsters and a plague. Lucky them.

The short burst of flight landed him next to his boulder, one much like the others dotting the area. This wasteland was lousy with them and it had taken him, oh, five minutes or so to find a nicely rounded rock with a good weight. The remainder of the last hour, he spent with the Redmane soldiers partaking in the hot new pastime of this decade, involving the boulder, a hill, and a bunch of ravening monsters. The thing now bore blood splatters all over it, looking quite ominous.

He gave the rock a hard shove to get it moving. That turned it into an object rather than a feature of the landscape. A second, lighter touch popped it into his dimensional space, to the continued amazement of the soldiers up and down the slope. It wasn't everyday a guy shoved a stone bigger than himself somewhere the sun wouldn't shine.

His Pocket. He was talking about his Pocket. Because there was no sunshine there and—

Why was he justifying this to himself? He knew what he meant.

Without the boulder to provide him cover, more dogs began to take notice of his presence, the closest leaping on its powerful legs to catch the surprise, yet welcome, snack. A gunlance shoved into its maw stopped the monster in its tracks, the ensuing blast tearing through the head and leaving the remains a fiery pyre.

Jaune shook the lance to rid it of the… giblets. As he did so, he happened to look past the burning smoke and spotted a mishmash squad of warriors carving a path through the melee. Others like them were cresting the hill in the distance. Champions bound for the festival of war, trickling in at a steady pace.

Right then, a ringtone blared from his phone. There might not be a signal tower in all of existence right now, but the tech packed into this device meant it served its purpose anyhow, at least for one other person in the world. He picked up the call, needlessly checking the ID on the screen out of ingrained habit.

"Oh, Jaune?" Lisa sang.

Instantly, he was on alert. "Yeees?"

"I'm looking at the Company phone right now, and…. what is this 'Cursed Boulder' in your inventory? It says here you sacrificed a sack of puppies to it, and that somebody called Mohg would be really impressed."

Jaune scratched his cheek, grimacing. "I, uh, I wouldn't worry about it."

"Uh-uh, none of that. How about you explain a little more?" she asked, sounding so innocent and sweet, surely not at all freaking out over this on the inside.

"You know, I'd love to but I think the signal is breaking up," he said, and made 'kshhh-kshhh' noises to sell the lie. "I'll be back soon, see you in a bit."

"I can tell you're faking it, you jack—" Click.

Ahhh, peace and quiet.

"Raaagh!"

Besides the raging dino-dogs, of course. Jaune stowed away the phone and shot back up to the top of the slope. The guys there were rummaging in their supplies for stuff to pay him with. He already earned this sick stabby sword from one of them that was supposed to sometimes put enemies it cut in a magic sleep, which should earn him a few Points when sold. And there was no telling what other goodies they might be willing to part with for an impressive showing.

The body of the dog he killed had started to bud flowers. He plucked the first to bloom, holding it up with a gloved hand by the delicate stem to take in the noxiously sweet scent. The delicate petals soft as silk, red like blood, carried with them a disease of rot and ruin.

Lisa could probably spare him ten more minutes.

Burn the rot.


-o-
​

As it turned out, Lisa could. But, there was a price.

"...should've seen those suckers trying to cheat me like I'm a rube. Hilarious! Anyway, I won everything including the clothes off their backs, so we're eating good tonight. And by that, I mean we're buying stuff from the Company Marketplace. Don't touch the food here unless you want to die. I saw one of the things they called an octopus, and it was disgusting. Like, you don't even know. They're all wriggly and…"

Connected by their phones, it was almost as if she was right next to him, yammering on and on and on until the end of time. Good grief, shoot him now.

…To tell the truth, he didn't mind her incessant chatter all that much, and Lisa already knew it. He was happy to keep up the pretense with her, though, since that girl might otherwise grow bored of a lack of reactions and decide she needed to raise her game to really annoy him. It would be so very like her.

"Hey, I made it back," he said once he was in the main courtyard of Redmane Castle. "Where are you at?"

A brief lull followed, which told him that Lisa was up to something.

"Ohhh, I'm around." Her mirth came through the line clear as a bell, spelling trouble. "Let's see how well you know me—kshhh, kshhh, uh-oh, it looks like we're breaking up. Good luck finding me!"

He could practically picture her vulpine grin, as she insisted he call it. Turnabout was fair play, it seemed.

Ugh, and she just had to phrase it that way, too. To this day he remained unsure on where they stood, and she of course saw no qualms in adding a little more to that mess, compounding the stress to leave an ill feeling in his chest. Blegh.

Jaune put away the phone in the same pocket he stored his scroll, and set out to look for his wayward partner-in-crime. During his absence, the festival had really gotten into the swing of things, with a number of new faces amid the revelries. The champions' ranks now swelled to a respectable army, the clanking of their armor contributing a noticeable part to the din. The practice ring saw a marked increase in participants due to that, with a few spars taking place at the moment.

He scanned over the audience but couldn't find Lisa among them. No surprise there. Without him, it wasn't her scene.

"That's kind of flattering now that I think about it," he said to nobody in particular, rubbing his chin.

Now, where could the wonderful(heh!) Lisa be?

Knowing her… His gaze slid past the practice ring to the other side of the courtyard. That part of the festival drew its own crowd, lively rows of market stalls conducting trades with stalwart knights and wizened mages keen to stock up before the big battle. With deals to be had and curios galore, it seemed more up Lisa's alley. A good place to start looking for her. He had been meaning to stop by for a visit, in any event.

He headed that way, plodding past the long tables that served as the eating area. The place was a party, with more alcohol than water in the cups. He had some earlier, and the drinks tasted halfway decent if a bit too warm going down. As for the food sold here, even without Lisa's warning he would have given it a pass. Stews and hard bread didn't impress him much in terms of festival fares.

At the edge of the eating area, a slim figure dressed in austere robes bowed to him as he walked by, a gesture he returned before moving on. Therolina the Fingermaiden was a polite soul, standing out among the champions for her quiet nature. Kind of an odd person, too. He couldn't recall ever seeing the woman move from that spot, or even eat anything, since Blaidd pointed her out to him. The level of self-discipline that must have required blew him away.

He entered the marketplace proper, and joined the throngs of people haggling for goods. The two rows of stalls somewhat cordoned off the area into its own little bubble, giving him a taste of the daily life in this world where things looked normal enough until an errant spark of light or a strange set of plate armor went clanging by. Where the man selling potatoes sat next to the woman touting magic staves. It was like every fantasy movie he had ever watched, minus the pointy elf ears. And with such lovely filth on people's faces.

Thoughts of Lisa moved to the back of his mind as the wares on display drew him in. These days it might be all mechashift, mechashift, mechashift, but medieval make held a certain charm for the guy who owned Crocea Mors. Simple was best, unless one could strap a cannon on it.

He paused for a moment at one booth, kneeling down next to the sheet of cloth on which a selection of weapons lay. The majority appeared mundane at a glance, with the rare striking piece among them. Call him shallow, a sword crafted from a blue rock had to be special in some way.

With the trader's permission, he picked up the two-handed sword, grunting at the surprising heft that did not fit the size of the weapon. That was saying something, considering it was already pretty big. A shame that he didn't have the space for a practice swing, he could tell the sword had great balance. Also, it glowed, so of course he wanted it.

"How much for this?" he asked the peddler as he fished a pair of gold coins from his pants pocket, lowballing the initial offer as per Lisa's advice. Who knows, maybe the peddler would be blinded by the shiny and accept the deal as-is.

The last thing he expected was a scoff.

"Gold will do you no good here," the peddler spat. "Runes are the currency of the Lands Between."

…He felt like he had heard this line before somewhere.

A glance at his surroundings confirmed that he had a problem. The flecks of shiny stuff trading between hands turned out to not be the gold he assumed they were, too bright by half. It didn't look right, either. Partly there, partly not.

That had better not be a person's soul, was all he was saying.

A man without means, Jaune floundered for a solution and drew out from his Pocket the sword he just got. "How do you feel about a trade? This can—"

"Yes, yes, a sword of Saint Trina that inflicts a poison of slumber," said the peddler with less awe than Jaune hoped for. "I am trying to move my goods, not add to them. You can find me some runes or you can go elsewhere."

Such was the common refrain he heard as he wandered from one stall to the next, for supply and demand held a strange relationship. The merchants had gathered arms from all over in order to offload them here. Low on funds and stocked up to the gills, trading in kind—even with a magical weapon—offered them nothing of value. They were in it for the money.

"Psst. Hey."

And yet, just as he was about to give up, someone took notice of his plight. Jaune turned toward the voice.

"Yeah, you. The word going around is that you are looking for deals," said the figure squatting on his haunches between two market stalls. Sunlight from a break in the clouds streamed down on him like a sign from above.

It reflected off the person's bald scalp and straight into Jaune's eyeballs, forcing him to blink rapidly to clear away tears.

"I… Yes, kind of. Are you a merchant?" Jaune shaded his eyes with a hand, and looked the figure over. The slim man dressed in the clothes of an adventurer, armored in key places and worn down from the road. It spoke of hard days risking one's life out in the muck, a life Jaune understood all too well. Despite that, a constant smile rested upon the stranger's lips.

All in all, he had a good feeling about this fella.

"Patches, is the name," the man said, not whispering anymore, his natural voice reedy. "Patches the Untethered, procurer of treasures most genuine in the Lands Between. So, what do I call you, chum?"

Even a simple shopkeep had a title. Siiigh.

Jaune showed nothing of his vexation, offering his hand. "Jaune Arc, nice to meet you."

Rather than a handshake, Patches reached up to grab him by the forearm and shook him that way, instead. Jaune hastily copied the gesture, but by the time he did, the merchant had already let go. The man glanced to both sides, then moved deeper into the shadow of the castle.

"Come," he said, beckoning with a finger. "Come into my parlor, and I will show you the finest wares you ever did see."

Jaune leaned to the side to look past his shoulder. "Isn't that just a corner?"

"Good real estate is hard to find nowadays," Patches smoothly said with a shrug. "Eh. Welcome, to Patches' Emporium!"

Jaune gave him a polite round of applause. The man's shop, if it could be called such, was little more than a tarp thrown on the ground with knickknacks piled on top. A number of weapons and armors leaned on the wall, the details murky in the gloom. Bits of colored stones emitted soft light in red, blue, green, and all the shades of the rainbow to provide illumination for the place.

"You know, I kind of dig this ambience. It grows on you," he said, moving closer to the objects on display.

Patches placed his hands over his heart. "Thank you, I put a lot of care into it to get things just right."

The slapdash feel was deliberate, then. The spread included more than arms, ranging into tools, baubles, and books, but Patches hadn't paid much of a mind to organization. That left the odds and ends to pile up in a haphazard way, and Jaune had to really squint to make out what he was looking at. In a way, it stoked one's sense of imagination that treasures might lay forgotten within this hastily put together shop.

Patches returned to squatting on his haunches, letting Jaune browse while providing explanations for the objects that caught his fancy. From old keys for unknown doors, none fitting the wooden chest they sat beside, to clay jars filled with valuable concoctions that somehow had the smell of cooking oil about them, the man spoke with an easy familiarity for everything he sold.

As Jaune rummaged through a stack of books and scrolls, plucking out one at random, the peddler perked up with a wide grin. One that Jaune would swear looked familiar.

"What you have there is a manual on the holy incantations, donated by a good friend of mine from the Golden Order." Patches ran a hand over his bald head, and licked his lips. "Very rare, very dear to me. I can bear to part with it, though. For the right customer who comes along."

"The Golden Order is…" Jaune put the clues together. "A religion. Yeah, of course everybody knows that." Man, he was smooth. He then waved off Patches with a small laugh. "I'll have to pass on this, since I have my own 'incantations' that I'm already trying to learn. But hey, is that friend of yours around? I would love a talk with them."

Patches looked at Jaune oddly. He said, dragging out his words, "Thinking of taking up the cloth, are we? It warms my heart to witness such piousness."

"It's nothing like that. I just want to heal injuries and throw lightning around. They're useful spells for a bad day, that's all."

"Now, now. Don't put yourself down," Patches insisted. "You have the look of a monk about you. And is that a sword of Saint Trina I spy upon your hip? How positively clerical. Heh heh heh."

Despite himself, Jaune had to admit flattery was always effective on him. That was a compliment, right? He hesitated for a beat, not quite convinced but still granting the scroll a second glance over.

Patches continued. "Why the lack of enthusiasm? If incantations don't do it for you, how about this shield? Note the painted horse crest, perfect for a young stallion out to challenge a demigod." The peddler wiped his eyes. "My other good friend left it to me after he passed. I keep telling him, don't visit those woods no matter how much treasure there is at the center, but the poor fellow couldn't contain his greed and got eaten by a giant bear. The last thing he said to me was that he wanted this shield to go to someone deserving."

Well, that took a dark turn. Jaune's eyes swam as he searched for a topic to distract the sorrowful man from the heavy mood.

"What about that one there?" he said, pointing to a shield shaped like a teardrop. Blue stones embedded in the metal glinted in the dark. "I like the design. How does it hold up in battle? It's not actually made of silver, is it?"

The peddler had pulled out a handkerchief, and said distractedly, "That's finely-crafted metal from the stars, that is. Useful for when those blasted academy stoneheads get too loose with their sorceries. Poofs the magic away. Mostly." His tone changed, growing morose once more. "It belonged to another good friend of mine who had a tragic accident over the cliffs of Liurnia. He held onto it to the end, before giving it up to me. I'm sure he would smile at us from the roots of the Erdtree if you were to wield it in his place."

"…Do you have anything without a backstory, by chance?"

"Afraid not, sirrah."

While maintaining eye contact with Patches, Jaune leaned over and with great care placed his hand on a massive sword propped against the castle wall.

"Ahhh. That one."

Jaune braced for more bad news concerning Patches's good friends. What could have happened to this one, sacrificed to a demon? The amount of misfortune to plague this man called for several rounds of drinks that he didn't have at the moment.

"What discerning taste," Patches praised. "That's a hot item you don't see often. Fell off the back of a carriage on the road to this castle. Stroke of luck, nobody could say different."

Hey now, that didn't involve anybody dying!

Relief turned to curiosity, and Jaune studied the object further. Long as he was tall, the weapon was more of a chunk of iron beaten into the approximate shape of a sword. The blade tapered slightly along the edge, but on the whole stayed as a blocky, crude tool absent an iota of elegance.

As Jaune grasped the handle to test the weight of the sword, Patches piped up.

"Careful, a scratch on that will ruin the value. As charming as our acquaintanceship, I would have to insist that you pay for any, uh… any damages…"

The peddler fell quiet then, his eyes bulging out as he watched Jaune lift the sword in one hand. Given its length, Jaune didn't have the space to maneuver it much, limited to a slow, deliberate overhead swing that brought the tip within an inch of the ground before rising up high to the sky.

"It weighs less than my lance," he observed, trying out a stab. "The handling should be similar given the shape, I reckon."

By this point, Patches found his voice again. "My word, you are a beefy one, aren't you? Eaten a horse while growing up, then?"

"Nothing like that," Jaune said, turning the sword this way and that. Good make, without an obvious defect in the forging. The edge forwent sharpness for the simplicity that remained from one principle, the heaviness that crushes all. Sheer mass would cleave through a man just fine. Through armor and horse, if need be.

A fine weapon, all told. That said…

"Forget it."

"Huh?" Jaune stiffened as a weight settled on his back. A pair of hands lightly gripped his shoulders, and the scent of a familiar perfume wafted over his senses. "Lisa!"

The girl poked her head around his arm. "Oh, I guess you do remember me. I couldn't tell since you left me waiting like that," she pouted.

He grimaced, suddenly recalling his task. "I was getting there. Honest." He twisted his head around to better talk to her, thus running smack into a strange sight. "Wait a minute, what's that you're wearing?"

That earned him a bright laugh from Lisa. She turned her body to better present the garment hanging off her shoulders, a cloak made of animal pelt stretching all the way to the floor. A big sack sat on the ground next to her, too.

"Like it?" she asked. "I won it off a card game. A good scrubbing, and it'll shine good as new."

"It looks a lot like the cloak Blaidd had on."

"It was."

Poor guy. Lisa must have fleeced that wolf blind.

"Anyway." Lisa fiddled with something behind him. He heard taps on a hardlight screen. "That sword in your hand doesn't have much going for it. No innate magic or special history. You can use it as a big stick, that's about it."

"Sometimes, that's all you need," he spoke softly, nevertheless setting the sword back in its place—the problem Lisa pointed out was the same conclusion he arrived at on his own. With actual need in mind, he indicated the shield offered to him earlier. "Let's buy that one, though."

Lisa followed his gaze, her eyes lighting up as she beheld the glittering stones embedded along the shield. "Ooh, pretty~ What's so special about this thing?"

"Besides Bennett needing one… Radahn uses magic, right? Well, this shield defends against that, as Patches here tells me."

The immediate skepticism on her face pained him. "I dunno, that meteor looked pretty damn physical to me. To you, rather."

"Point," he allowed, memories of his desperate escape from the attack playing back in stark detail. "It isn't the be all, end all solution, that's true. I mean, I'd rather not be in a position to get hit in the first place. But you know me, I get in trouble sometimes, so this is the backup for when it isn't possible to avoid getting hurt." He lowered his voice while picking up the shield. "If it works as advertised. Check the entry for me, that should help us decide one way or another."

Heeding the request, Lisa dove back into the Company scroll where the shield should have already registered as his possession by that inviolable law of finders keepers. While Jaune distracted Patches with small talk, she studied the item description, and soon came back with a different attitude.

"Everything sounds about right. The Carian Shield, it belonged to a magic knight—"

"There are magic knights!?"

"Quiet, you. Let me finish talking." Lisa poked him on the shoulder. "Anyway, yes, there is. Was. The knights of Caria wielded magic, and with these shields in hand they feared naught of magic," she recited from the screen. "Too bad this one couldn't defend against terminal velocity. There's a lesson for you there."

Jaune scoffed. "Please. I'm built different."

Every Huntsman worth their salt had a landing strategy, thank you. And these days, he had four. Glider, shadowy arm, rocket boots, and his face. That made him four times the Huntsman others were. Simple math, that.

"If you go out of your way to be dumb, I'm not saving you," Lisa warned.

He deflated. "Yeah, I know. I just wanted to try saying it."

Their conversation didn't get to hit its groove. Patches, seizing his chance to interrupt, cleared his throat to bring their attention back to him. Their interest in the shield must be pretty obvious, because the peddler was rubbing his hands together, looking from one face to the other in glee.

"Do mine treasures suit your taste, friend? It could be yours, for a pittance. For a trifle. I shan't ask for much, in these circumstances. After all, everyone wants the old dog to die, the old dog included." His mien took on an aggrieved cast. "It'd hurt my heart to relinquish something so beloved, but I'll do my part on this day."

The peddler let out a quiet, solemn breath.

"Fifty thousand runes."

"Fifty—!" Jaune clutched his heart, nearly having a stroke. Fifty thousand anything sounded scary.

Maybe it was like Japanese and Korean currency? He remembered paying wildly different amounts for a meal on Earth because of a weird practice that Lisa called 'exchange rates'. That could be the case here.

"H-How much does a bowl of stew cost around these parts?" he asked in a hurry.

"With or without prawns?"

"...Without?"

"Ten runes."

Nope, this was like back home. He could buy a rocket locker for the price Patches was asking for the shield.

"And the cost if we wanted the stew with prawns?" Lisa piped up, unable to resist the question.

"Thirty."

What was up with the prawns, he wanted to know. Were they made of gold?

"This is daylight robbery," Jaune argued.

"No, really," Patches insisted, his eyes growing watery. "You're getting the price I charge my friends, honest. But a man has to eat, wouldn't you agree? I'm cutting me own throat, giving you this deal."

"But—"

"Ten thousand," Lisa cut in.

A gasp. Patches stared agog at her. "Who's robbing who?"

From within her snazzy new cloak, Lisa withdrew a pouch spun of rough cloth and gave it a shake. The pouch jangled with the ever familiar clink-clink melody of money. She didn't have that an hour earlier, Jaune was pretty sure. It went to show that gambling sometimes does pay off.

"You're selling to a champion," Lisa pressed. "Look, you have an impressive spread here. Not many other merchants can provide the same breadth of goods. That's what we like about you. You go above."

Patches did not reply, but the little twitch at the corner of his lips suggested that he wouldn't be averse to more compliments. Which was why, Jaune had every bit of confidence that Lisa would disappoint him. It was a very Lisa thing to do.

"Still, you have to admit," she continued, "that it's all a little used. Hardly appropriate to dress our champions in before they go to war."

"Whoa, whoa, whoa there," Patches said, shifting from his squat to jab a finger in Lisa's direction. "That is just the nature of the business, see. These knights and clerics are always chasing a better set of undergarments or what have you—"

"Didn't you say that these were 'beloved' items?" Lisa asked sweetly.

Patches coughed into his hand, looking to the side. The small smile on his face had grown, the man paying a lot more attention to Lisa now. "Could be one and the other, I never said different. My friends were the giving sort, after all. Heh heh heh."

"Give and give, until your friends have nothing left," Lisa simpered. "You must have it hard, always needing to pick up the pieces. My condolences."

Jaune almost facepalmed at her rudeness. Yet, strangely, the person to whom that was directed barely took offense.

"Oho?" said Patches. "You seem to know a thing or two."

Lisa answered with that look of hers, the narrowed eyes and a smirk that bragged she was privy to a secret. Jaune tried to signal to her that he would like to be clued in, but she ignored him. That… wasn't a surprise.

Patches let out a smooth laugh. "You have the wrong idea. I love my job and the friends I meet. They're the highlights of my life!" He swept his hand over his wares. "Sure, it may be sad come the end, but better to see these treasures in someone's hands than to rot in a grave, people are always telling me," he said. "Like Aseo. Did I mention him? The Naked Parry King calls me his brother, that's how much I've done for him."

Lisa nodded. "I wonder when we'll start seeing his stuff among your collection."

"'Selection', you mean," Jaune corrected. "Since he's selling them."

"Hm. No." Lisa reached up to pat him on the cheek. "Cute try, but we agreed that I'll be the one doing the talking in negotiations, remember? Then again, I guess you're a little impatient for the battle ahead." She turned back to Patches. "Twenty thousand? I expect you're gonna swim in a surplus soon, no matter how it shakes out. You could spare a few choice bits for a repeat customer."

"Is he?"

"He will be, won't he?"

Patches considered that, rubbing his chin. It was an odd mirror to the gesture Lisa was performing, and the more Jaune looked, the more similarities he saw between them. The smiles stretched wide in faint hostility. The paradoxically casual postures. They could be siblings.

"Are you… Are you two hiding something?" he ventured at last. He needed just one more clue, two at most, and he felt like he could figure out the reason behind their grins.

The pair stared at him, then at each other.

"Where did you find him?" Patches said.

Lisa gave Jaune another pat on the cheek. "He's so cute, right?"

The bald man looked him over, and laughed.


-o-
​

The drumbeats rolled like thunder across the castle, a pounding rhythm to herald the fateful hour. The sun was setting upon the world, and upon Radahn.

The champions stood together as a united army, dozens among their ranks. From far and wide they had come, here for war. In this moment they were of one mind, of one purpose and soul.

On a platform above them, the castellan of Redmane castle, Jerren, regarded the assembled crowd with something akin to pride. In great ceremony, the blade of his sword rose high in the air, hanging for a moment before slamming into the floor. Once, twice, thrice, the crisp sound of steel on stone echoed to the corners of the courtyard, and the thousand pairs of eyes of champions, soldiers, and civilians snapped toward the old warrior.

He, in turn, scanned them from left to right, right to left. That wizened gaze paused briefly on certain faces. Aseo. Blaidd. Okina. Tragoth. Therolina. Alexander.

Jaune.

"Before we begin." The castellan's voice was a gentle whisper on the wind. "Allow me to paint you the full picture…"

A no doubt riveting tale ensued. Which was a shame because most of Jaune's view had been blocked by Lisa.

His partner, wonderful she was, thought nothing of the occasion, more preoccupied with plucking at his clothes and hair in the way many an Annoying Blonde had done throughout his life. Like them, she wasn't letting up until she had straightened out his appearance to her satisfaction.

"You didn't eat any of the food in this place, right?" Lisa demanded. Her voice drowned out that of Jerren, much to Jaune's chagrin. "Right? Because you'll catch something. They haven't learned the advanced hygienic technique called washing hands, yet."

"No, I didn't eat," he answered, a touch exasperated. This would mark the third time she asked that question.

"Eaten from the inside… wits are long gone…"

Lisa nodded, seeming pleased that he heeded her advice. That was, until she glanced down at his arm.

"Your shield strap is loose. Honestly!"

Without a care, she stepped closer, taking hold of his arm and maneuvering it as she pleased. She untied the knot that secured the strap in place, then began cinching the buckle tight, talking to him throughout.

"You have your gear? Nothing missing?"

Eyes squeezing shut, Jaune whispered, "Lisa. Lisa, please. Stop fussing over it."

The champions in his immediate vicinity were barely holding back laughter, nudging each other and pointing without a single ounce of a warrior's stoic dignity to be found. Lisa might not be paying them any mind, but Jaune sure couldn't ignore the frankly punchable look on Aseo's face, or the absolutely vulgar gesture that Alexander was making with his hands—how did a clay jar know what that meant, anyway? Even the bloodthirsty Okina let slip a snicker from behind the mask concealing his face.

These were the champions? Really?

"...Like a dog. Howling at the sky…"

"We're supposed to be listening," he said to Lisa. "Jerren's doing a whole speech up there right now."

The unrepentant Lisa rolled her eyes. "Honor, rah rah. Glory, rah rah. I got the gist of it, and I have bigger concerns than an old man yelling at clouds." A final tug secured the strap of the shield, and she took a step back to admire her work. "There, now even if you swap it out, you'll know that you can have it back on your arm nice and tight in a pinch."

That chirpy grin of hers got to him, as always. And, just as always, he plopped a hand on her head to roughly muss her hair. Gratitude and teasing went well together, for it lessened the embarrassment involved with an act of thanks.

"Stahp, stahp, stahp!" Lisa squeaked, trying to shake him off to no avail. Once he relented, she covered her head and glared daggers at him.

"Thanks a lot, Lisa," he said, the smile breaking out on its own.

That honest appreciation earned him the middle finger. An affectionate one, insofar as the gesture could be called that, coupled with a playful bump of Lisa's hip against him.

They parted ways here, as the speech wound down and those participating in the battle began filtering toward the elevator at the rear of the castle. It couldn't take everyone down at once, of course, and so Jaune joined the queue waiting for a turn.

That was a harder task than it looked, since more than a few clerics spent the time glaring at him for his blasphemous ways. Who could ever guess that bringing up miracles from a different religion would face pushback from the devout? Not him, certainly. It came as a relief to step onto the platform alongside familiar, friendly faces.

"At last, we shall cross blades with Radahn," his erstwhile guide, the wolfman Blaidd, said with good cheer. "Let's give the world a fight to remember, eh?"

His doggy tail wagged.

"And wow, does it feel good to wear proper clothes again."

The wolfman ran his hands over his armor and pelt cloak, returned earlier after Jaune had gotten Lisa to give it up. The last thing he needed was his fellow participants charging into battle naked but for loincloths and without any gear, and he'd gladly pass on the chance to make a little bit of local money for that. What were they going to do to Radahn otherwise, bite his legs off?

The person on his other side was naked but for a loincloth, but he did it by choice so Jaune wasn't about to help him out there. He didn't have the license and college degree to deal with that mess.

"Aseo." He need not say more. The man dropped his face into his hands.

"Meli-Meli said she'd knock off part of my debt to her if I enter the fight while 'on-brand.'"

Jaune side-eyed him. "How do you people even know that word?"

The gloomy Aseo seemed unwilling to elaborate further on his woes, however, and Jaune soon tuned in on the other conversations taking place atop the rickety platform slowly descending from the castle wall. The general air of excitement swept him along in its mood.

People wanted to fight. They talked about this battle as some sort of once in a lifetime chance to meet a celebrity, lacking serious bloodthirst and rancor for one of the parties that, as Jaune heard it, was supposedly responsible for how Caelid turned out. Well, except for Okina of the Land of Reeds, but he was like that with everybody.

Blaidd summed the matter up once Jaune asked about it. "After all these years, Radahn will finally have his rest. About time, I say. The best of us deserved greater than this."

"You admire him, huh? You told me the festival has happened in the past, though," Jaune noted. "There's no guarantee that this time will end in a different way."

Great Horned Tragoth pushed past the people behind Jaune to join the discussion, the immense weight of his armor causing the elevator to creak and groan in a deeply worrying fashion. "Ah, but never have the stars aligned thus. There was always another crisis, another dead thing rising that must be sealed away or another bloody dispute amongst us who sat at the Roundtable." The champion swept his hand over the crowd already assembled below. "Today, we have the numbers and that is a rare thing, indeed."

"Grander champions than us have faced Radahn, I'll admit it," Blaidd said. "Skill does matter. Yet, were that alone enough, he would have fallen long ago. He came from another age, one we can only scratch at. No less than an army would do. Radahn lived in war. Is it any surprise that he must die in war?"

Jaune gave a noncommittal hmm, the subject not one a visitor like him could comment on. His part in this began and ended with a rousing fight, plus the prizes to be won.

That said, his interests aligned with theirs, so he opened his mouth again. "If you want to be extra sure of that, the offer is still on the table."

"Your magical shield?" Blaidd clapped him on the shoulder. "Hah! Your master was right to stop you."

Tragoth shook his head, sighing. "Weakening yourself for our sake, you are a rare one. Nay, we will make do."

"Besides," Blaidd added. "Where is the honor in turtling up, hey?"

Aura was inherent to a person, nothing dishonorable about that. If he had more time to explain properly, he could have gotten them to come around. Curse his lack of foresight, and damn their stubborn pride.

On another note…

"Lisa isn't my master," Jaune said. "Wait, was that how all of you saw us this whole time?"

Nobody would look him in the eye, which said enough.

The elevator at last touched the ground, depositing their group on the thin stretch of land at the foot of the castle before going back up for the next lot. That left them to the task of crossing the inlet separating this side from the shore that was Radahn's territory. Wooden logs lashed together allowed passage, with the occasional careless misstep sending a champion into the drink, where they then had to flounder their way across and stand in soaked, briny armor.

Jaune had an easier time of it than the others, kicking over to the opposite side with a quick rocket blast, not a single toe wet. Back on solid footing, he donned his Rathalos armor and various artifacts, helmet left off so that the fox mask could sit askew on his head; an unobstructed vision benefited him more than protection for the moment, plus empowering the Geo shield might help him avoid a blow altogether.

The lumbering form of Radahn could be spotted in the distance even now, his colossal stature swaying from side to side as it traveled across the sandy dunes. No reason nor rhyme existed there, the demigod simply drifting as more beast than man.

Despite the years, his armor shone golden to catch the light. His hair spilled out of his helm like a lion's mane, red as a sunrise.

Jaune could, in glimpses, see in that broad back the hero whom Radahn once was.

The last group of champions finally joined the rest of them, and for a long minute everyone stayed quiet gazing out over the red sands, the field of broken spears and faded banners. Making plans, and preparing their hearts. They weren't used to working together at this scale, given the way they jostled for place.

Great Horned Tragoth was the first to step past the unmarked line in the sand. The knight of assistance, whose stories always began and ended with him wielding his hammer in aid of others, did so now again.

"To his rest," he said.

To his rest, to his rest. The others took up the call. It grew to a bellow that resounded across the shore, until Radahn himself heard the cry. The snarling beast knew not its meaning, recognizing in it only the call to war.

The great General reared back, and howled as the warriors charged forward.

And the meteors fell from the sky upon their heads, wiping out the army before they ever made it within reach.

Champions all, of great renown. Their deeds amounted to nothing, in the end.

A god of war commanded the field.


Universe: Elden Ring. Location: Redmane Castle of the Lands Between.
Event: The Festival of Radahn
Loot: Sword of St. Trina, Carian Knight's Shield…
​

Wait, no.

"Peh! Peh!" Jaune woke up to a mouthful of sand.

Author's Notes: Rocks fall, everyone dies.
Thank you for reading this story, please look forward to—yeah right, can you imagine? This is a comedy, thank you.

Next update whenever I finish editing that. In maybe 6, 7 hours, I guess.
Stories:
QQ Sneaking His Way into the Multiverse , a RWBY Jaune, WC-lite mechanics story.
Other RWBY stories on AO3 or FF - Yakuza Arc | Conquered Menagerie: Annals of the Sixth Kingdom | Cat, Bunny, and the Good Ship Honey Starbright | The Agent
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Amrynel, DuManHeiu, Amdiranifani and 269 others
LazyAutumnMoon
Jun 27, 2026
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 86: The Rock that Falls
View content
LazyAutumnMoon
LazyAutumnMoon
We all need Sundancer in our life.
JoinedJun 7, 2024
Messages289
Likes received68,284
Jun 28, 2026
Add bookmark
#8,537

Chapter 86: The Rock that Falls
​

"Peh! Peh!" Jaune woke up to a mouthful of sand, in darkness with the world pressing down around him.

Terror lanced through the bleary fog of his consciousness. Spitting and coughing, he thrashed about in a bid for freedom with no idea of which way was up or down. In a frenzy, his foot kicked out.

"Oof!"

That sound. That so very human sound. It became his guiding star, and he dug hard to break from his prison. With a final push of effort, the sand dune he was buried inside burst apart.

The first thing to greet him was one of the late afternoon's fading beams of sunlight reflecting off an egg-shaped head.

"Ahhh, dammit! Patches, is that you!?" he shouted, slapping his hands over his watering eyes. Dimly, he noted a catchy song about soda pops playing from the phone hanging around his neck.

He then paused, growing aware of something strange. His toes wiggled in his sock, feeling the warm ground beneath his sole.

"Hang on now, why's my boot off?"

Laid out on the ground, clutching his belly and groaning in pain, Patches cracked an eye open. The man went stock still for a second, before perking up. "Oh… Oh, look who's alive! I was, uh, trying to help! You wouldn't believe how stuck you were in that sand. Why, I almost threw my back out when that boot slipped from you. Heh heh heh."

Jaune wiped at his eyes to get the sand out, regretting it immediately. Summoning a water bottle, he splashed the contents over his face. "What are you even doing here, Patches? This isn't any place for a merchant."

Nothing about his surroundings looked familiar. The sand blew every which way, drifting down like snow. Titanic impacts had reshaped the land with new dunes, new craters, the broken meteorites strewn across the beach giving off a heat haze. The beach might have previously passed for a vacation destination… if one squinted really hard… and pretended to not see the dead bodies, and ignored the smell, and… okay, so the analogy broke down pretty fast, but there was at least the notion of redeeming features like a nice view for people to argue about. Now, what remained was just Caelid Wasteland 2, Rot Harder edition.

He tried to get up only for Patches to quickly grab him and pull him low. The man motioned him to stay down, sweat breaking out on his skin.

"Careful! Careful, now! Wouldn't want the old dog to sniff us out and drop another rock on our noggins, do we? Both feet in the grave and the oaf still has the vision of a stormhawk!"

The peddler poked his head up over the shallow dune to peek around while Jaune put his shoes on. All the while, his phone continued to ring, and the newest call ran its course as he fumbled for the device. Barely a second, and the ringtone started again before he could dial the number back.

"Yello?" he said tiredly.

"You—!" The voice on the line dropped for a moment, then came back. "Oh, hey, you finally returned my calls. What, too shy to talk to me?"

Jaune turned away from Patches to get a bit of privacy from the wide-eyed look the man was giving him and the phone. "Is that why you're calling me? Because I'll hang up."

"You won't," she challenged.

"Try me." Then, with more seriousness, he said, "What is the situation, Lisa?"

Where was everybody…

Her sudden silence told more than words ever could. He heard a sigh over the line, and when next she spoke, Lisa's meek tone revealed her true demeanor beneath the jokes and bravado.

"Over eighty percent casualties. They're saying the whole thing's a bust back here in the castle."

Jaune's eyes fell shut, and he held back a hiss. In a way, he had already expected it. The red sands of the beach had looked wetter than he remembered. Not all those upturned bodies, crushed and broken, were from the fallen of yesteryear.

"The survivors are laying low. I can see some of them from here. Where are you?"

He checked on Radahn's position, and chanced a wave of his hand in the air. The motion provided enough of a prompt for Lisa to find him, and she immediately chided him for going so far in. As if he had a real choice in that. One did not get time to think in the game of dodging meteors.

With Lisa serving as lookout on the high wall, he was able to gain a bird's eye-view of the situation. The closest group of champions huddled just yards away from him, and it heartened him to hear their names from Lisa's lips.

"Jaune, you're going the wrong way," Lisa deadpanned, once she realized that he was heading toward that group instead of the safety of the castle.

"I know what I'm doing." Sort of. If running was to be the play, then they were all running with nobody stuck behind. Cowardice by committee, one might call it.

"Jaaaune," Lisa growled warningly.

"Lisaaa." He turned toward Patches. "Stay low, and follow me. We'll meet up with the others."

Patches nodded, gripping tight onto a spear and tower shield in determination. "Go. Trusty Patches will be right behind you."

That made Jaune smile. He brought up his shield, the very one bought from the man before him, and clinked it together with Patches's own in camaraderie.

"Let's go, then," he said, turning to look ahead, his stance shifting to a runner's starting posture.

It put him in the perfect position for an impact to his rump to send him sprawling into the open. By the time he lifted his head out of the sand, Patches was a glint of reflected sunlight off a bald head in the distance, racing for the elevator.

Meanwhile, Radahn was staring dead-on at Jaune, bow in hand.

"Aha. Ahaha…" Jaune gulped.

As he scrambled over dunes and craters while dodging spears launched like arrows, Jaune swore to kill Patches once this was over.

Ruhm saw the light of day, and a brief exchange ensued between him and Radahn. Bullets weren't as easy to avoid as arrows, and in the span of seconds, half a clip emptied in the demigod.

One would think that'd end it.

"He's alive."

"What do you mean, he's alive!?" Jaune shouted into the phone as he ran unevenly over the sands. "I shot his face off! How did he survive that?"

"Magic."

Jaune ducked under an arrow, the projectile whiffing inches above his head. Despite it never touching him, an immense weight pressed him down until his feet were buried in the soft ground. He tore free, shooting into the air on a blast of rocketfire.

"I'm starting to hate that word," he said, swinging Ruhm around, firing onehanded. The rounds struck Radahn's helm, and this time he paid a close eye to the result, accepting a glancing blow on his Carian shield as the price.

The bullets behaved in an odd manner once they reached the General, diverting downward sharply to glance off the armor, penetrating far too shallow even when they hit. The ones that met flesh in place of metal saw similar effects.

"So, his gravity magic can work in such a way."

That hadn't come from Lisa. A hand seized Jaune and pulled him into cover, where he almost put a round into the beastly visage of a wolf baring its fang at him.

"I was smiling," said Blaidd.

"Sorry."

A projectile hit the dune they hid behind with a loud boom, scattering a cloud of sand over them and the other champions present, a merry band made up of his acquaintances for the most part. A samurai, a jar, a priestess, a no longer naked man, and a Tragoth, all laid snug in a dip in the ground. The one named Therolina was weaving a spell to alleviate her companions' wounds.

Jaune flopped down in an open spot as more impacts shook the area to awaken uncomfortable memories of an artillery bombardment, ending up beside the one person he didn't recognize.

"Jaune, is that an onion next to you? What the heck?"

The knight in a… rotund set of armor heard the comment, and thankfully laughed rather than take offense. Twinkling eyes peered out at Jaune from under a wide-brimmed helm that resembled a sunhat, searching for where Lisa's voice emanated from.

"Your sharp tongue cuts to the quick, young lady, but do not discount my armor as a joke, oh no! An onion has layers!" His gaze then settled on Jaune's. "Wherefore does your company hide her form? Not here, I hope. These shores are not exactly welcoming to us, as you may have surmised."

The calm demeanor of the knight, and frankly of everybody chilling in this hole of theirs, helped ease Jaune's heartbeat that was running a mile a minute. The niggling thought of being in a hole filling up with sand like a burial grave faded to its own small corner, where it could traumatize him at a better time, leaving room for polite introductions. Because obviously that was the most important thing to consider.

"Lionel the Lionhearted, father to Fia." said the jovial knight.

"Jaune Arc, title pending." Was he supposed to know who Fia was?

The bombardment began to peter out. Lisa gave a report from up top that Radahn had engaged a different group of champions, wiping them out wholesale. His deteriorated mind recalled naught of blondes and wolves, and after everyone still alive remained where they were, making not a peep, a shaky sense of peace soon returned to the shore.

Once Jaune relayed Lisa's words, Blaidd asked in a quiet voice, "Did you, perchance, see what happened to the others?"

Jaune's lips drew a thin line.

Blaidd leaned back on the dune, head hanging low. "That… Yes, that's how this has to be. Nothing less, for Radahn."

"The numbers were a mistake," Tragoth said. "It would have worked. It would have worked, and his instincts knew it. Even in rot, he remembers war. None knew more of tactics and odds than him."

"And gravity sorcery," Blaidd bemoaned. "I suppose it was a foregone conclusion before we ever started. We were damn fools."

Aseo chimed in, "What even is gravity anymore? He's plain cheating at this point!" Next to him, Jaune's head rapidly nodded up and down in agreement.

"Calling meteors, empowering his attacks, and now negating damage?" Jaune listed out. "I didn't think his control of magic was to that extent."

For almost a minute, the group laid there in their half-buried grave. The same thoughts surely ran through their minds, the full implications of what it meant to challenge a god.

"They call him the Starscourge Radahn," Blaidd finally said, shifting to sit up. "War is his blood, but… sorcery flows through the heart of Caria, and this is no different for its General."

He pointed above them.

"See that there, those stars in the sky?"

The assembled champions turned their gazes upward. At the height of twilight, the darkening sky had become a canvas awashed in a million little gems. They shone down upon the world, so far removed from the dirty, bloody struggles of mere mortals.

"It's pretty," Jaune said.

The wolfman glanced at him. "The stars move, you know."

"No, they don't."

Jaune quickly covered the phone speakers. Blaidd chuckled without humor, his usual friendly demeanor blunted.

"They do, and their movements guide our fates."

A romantic way of thinking about it. Only, Blaidd didn't seem like he was being poetic. The wolfman brushed the sand off his armor.

"The stars move," he began again. "And for a long time, that was the natural way of things. Until one day, Radahn challenged them with gravity sorcery. Through it, he held back the sky, and has done so ever since his youth."

Aseo jolted to a sitting position. "You're not serious, are you? All of them? But there's like"—he began counting—"one, two, three, lots of them!"

Jaune also doubted the notion. If Blaidd told the truth, then Radahn could have squished them like a bug with a gesture, none of this bow and arrow nonsense. A few of the others voiced similar opinions.

Tragoth, though. "Radahn remembers war, and he remembers honor," he said, to which Blaidd nodded.

"He'd give us a fair fight now, I wager," the wolfman mused. "With a sorry lot like ours, the need for grand sorceries would not even occur to him."

Jaune quietly asked Lisa her take on it.

"Something's off with the sky," she admitted. "Now that he pointed them out, I can sorta tell those stars are wonky. They don't shine properly, or they're too bright. Too close, and… and they're shaking?"

Her vague ramblings gave him all the evidence he needed to believe it. If Lisa was buying the story, then it had to be true.

Radahn was holding the stars in place. It didn't make any sense, the scale of it beyond imagination. Challenging the General had been a fool's game from the beginning, and once that realization hit them, well, the champions assembled here grew quite thoughtful, indeed.

Because, seen in a different light, it suggested something curious. The majority of Radahn's efforts was at the moment directed elsewhere. How much of his magic did fighting stars take? 50%? 90%? They were facing a weakened foe, the weakest he might ever be.

If there ever was a time for man and god to meet on the field of battle, it was now.

Jaune looked up at Blaidd. "What are our chances?"

In answer, the wolfman pushed off of the ground. His blade left its scabbard, drawing an elegant line through the air as it swept high in a swordsman's salute. To Radahn, and to the fallen.

"Why even ask, my friend. I'm terrible with numbers."

And honestly? Jaune was, too.


-o-
​

As they strode over the sand toward their opponent, Jaune and the others hashed out their strategy. A mindless Radahn was not a helpless Radahn, and certainly not a survivable Radahn to anyone here unless they went in with a better plan than the original 'we'll run up and poke him with a sword' brand of genius.

They were still doing that, of course. Just in a smarter way. Seven heads put together should come up with something workable, was their optimistic assumption.

"So hey, Aura—"

"We'll need a decoy," Lionel the Lionhearted urged, glossing over Jaune's umpteenth offer of saving their hide. "A lure to which the good General would direct his aim while the rest of our team closes in, taking him totally by surprise. Never you worry, I volunteer for the task."

Okina immediately shook his head. "No, me. I am faster."

"My armor is sturdy," the heavy-plated Tragoth reminded them. "If anyone is to withstand a blow from his mighty arm, it should be me."

Blaidd, Alexander, even Therolina… each champion offered to be the decoy. Sacrifice, might be the better term. All their suppositions about Radahn were only that, mere guesses on how he would react. They assumed that he'd keep to a code in a one-on-one. A single meteor at the most, instead of a dozen.

Two combatants hadn't thrown their lot into the ring. Jaune sent a glance toward Aseo, the other odd person out. He got the same look in return. A silent acknowledgement passed between them. Neither were willing to be the last man to volunteer, that'd make them a coward.

The slightest twitch of Aseo's lips, and Jaune launched his preemptive bid.

"How about—" / "I could—"

"Perfect!" said Great Horned Tragoth. "We'll leave it to you two to decide among yourselves!"

They had been tricked.

With every pair of eyes on them, there was no backing out now. Jaune sidled up next to Aseo, speaking quickly.

"I have an idea."

"It's going to be me, isn't it?" Aseo said, morose.

"What? No. I'm saying we both go. Split his attention in two directions."

"Where's the catch?"

"There isn't one."

The deeply skeptical look Aseo leveled at him caused pity to rise within Jaune. This poor bastard tended to end up with the short end of the stick, was the impression he got. It took some more convincing, but in the end, Jaune brought the other man on board.

Especially after he explained the concept of dibs. They were risking their lives beyond the call of duty, that should count for something. That bow Radahn carried around was his, no ifs, ands, or buts.

Radahn's endless wandering soon brought his gaze in their direction, and the plan commenced. Jaune broke into a run with Aseo on his heels, hot sand kicking up behind them.

His rocket boots engaged to drag him into the sky, where three dimensions of movement opened up for him to contend with any attack. The Rathalos armor swapped for the glider which snapped to existence on his back, its wings unfurling. He spared a moment before flying off to check back on Aseo and see how he would approach the task, hearing a sharp whistle pierce the air.

A ghostly steed faded in from the empty aether, its form growing solid as Aseo leapt astride the saddle in a smooth maneuver. Beast and man shot forward at an impressive speed, putting distance from the other champions. Not to be outdone, Jaune raced alongside them. They had Radahn's full attention on them now, their brave charge an unmistakable challenge.

From behind them drifted Tragoth's voice. "Prepare for…!"

"What?" Jaune called out over a shoulder. Radahn was drawing back the string on his bow and Jaune kept a careful eye on that, with little room for hosting conversations with the others.

"He's…!"

Jaune flew down beside Aseo. "Are you catching that?"

"Something about bringing the pain?" Aseo said, scratching his head. Below, his horse neighed as if to correct him. Neither man paid attention to the horse, however. Since it was a horse.

"Hell yeah, we are." Jaune put out a fist, and Aseo bumped it with his knuckles.

Another shout, this time many in one. It coincided with the General letting loose an arrow.

"Watch for Radahn's Rain!"

The arrow vanished high above them. A rumble followed, and even though the day was not yet fully turned into night, darkness swept over the beach. A shade cast by countless falling spears.

"Ah," said Jaune. "That skill."

With not much time, he nudged Aseo by the shoulder.

"Fifty-fifty odds. Good luck if it's you."

The other man nodded. "Same. See you on the other side."

Jaune had reported on his first clash with Radahn to the champions, and so they knew to an extent what the skill entailed. Its most dangerous feature was the tracking of the target.

The solution to that seemed simple. They just had to split up, with Jaune banking left and the horse carrying Aseo turning hard to the right.

The column of spears smoothly separated down the middle, each half chasing after a quarry.

"This isn't fair ahhhhh!"

"I'm gonna die ahhhhh!"

What part of this was gravity!? The panicked cries of two poor souls echoed for miles.

In the midst of running away—hang on, no.
In the midst of bravely charging in a lateral fashion, Jaune pulled out his own magic to retaliate. A metal tube landed in his hands, the trigger pulled in a split second as he relied all on 'marksmanship' to guide his aim—he was neither in position, or had the time, for proper shooting. A missile burst forth from the rocket launcher, streaking toward Radahn. What happened to it after that, he missed, more concerned with dodging a spear that had gotten way too close to hitting the back of his pants.

He did catch the trails of light that Aseo was firing from a stave while on horseback. Forced to stay on the ground unlike him, the champion struggled to keep even a step ahead of the raining projectiles, yet wove magic in every spare moment. Shards of crystalline energy peppered Radahn and his surroundings, working stupendously as a distraction to occupy the General—the others were moving up without a single impediment.

That single-minded focus proved Aseo's undoing. Juggling the different tasks, he reacted too late to an arrow Radahn sent at him. Swirling with gravity magic, the bolt flashed across the distance trailing light like a laserbeam, fast as a bullet. There was nothing anyone could have done.

Aseo gripped the collar of his surcoat as an explosion bloomed around his form. Smoke and sand obscured Jaune's last glimpse of him.

"No," Jaune muttered.

"Jaune… He's gone."

He was not listening. "No, no, no!" His voice rose higher with each cry, until he was screaming. "Just die with dignity, won't you?"

"Uhhh. Excuse me?"

Fwoosh! A horse galloped out of the cloud of smoke, a figure riding on its back. Pale, sweaty skin gleamed in the twilight, loincloth majestically(?) flapping in the wind. The Naked Parry King had dodged a certain death.

Yet, at what cost?

"Ewwww!" Lisa screeched over the phone. "Why do you make the weirdest friends?"

"He's not my friend," Jaune tried to deny, hand held beside his face to shade his eyes. "I don't know him."

Thankfully, the champion in question donned his clothes once out of danger, dressing while in motion with unnatural ease as the rain of spears let up. It told of ceaseless practice to the point of mastery, to baffle both the blond onsite and the blonde at the castle.

Jaune had no chance to dwell on it, though. He was in the thick of it now, closing in on Radahn, near enough to peer into the mad eyes of the demigod towering at the height of a Goliath Grimm.

A blank calm existed within that madness. Radahn feared him not. Not his guns, not his flying. The battlefield was his domain.

In no hurry, the demigod slung the bow over a shoulder and drew his swords. Twin blades each bigger than a grown man. He slammed them together, creating a loud boom that shook the air and relayed a message.

Come.

His challengers obliged.

Jaune overshot the demigod on his glider, baiting a swing of the sword to squeeze out one last second of distraction. He then dropped, trading glider for armor to hit the sand with a heavy roll, reversing course in an instant to lunge at the turning Radahn with Crocea Mors. On the other side, the main force arrived to launch their own attacks. They had Radahn surrounded in a classic pincer maneuver.

It went wrong almost immediately.

He saw flesh. He stabbed at flesh. Simple.

The twin swords slammed into the ground in front of him, stopping him cold. And, wow, did Radahn look angry now.

"Did you really try to kill his horse?" Blaidd shouted.

Radahn pulled up his swords, and swept them before him in a frenzy, forcing Jaune to scramble backward out of harm's way.

"Horse?" Jaune shouted back. "What ho—There's a horse!"

The scrawny, gray thing stood below Radahn, and was the fleshy bit that Jaune had nearly managed to stab. The demigod outmeasured it by several magnitudes, to the point that he sat astride the horse with both feet planted in the ground. It looked almost comical, the giant man and his tiny, tiny horsie.

"That sickly steed is his dear companion!" Blaidd explained while chasing after Radahn, who was in turn chasing after Jaune. "Once Radahn outgrew it, he learned gravity sorcery in order to adjust his own weight so that he would never have to abandon his beloved friend!"

"What the hell, that's so sweet!"

"Isn't it just? So don't touch the horse or you might provoke him into blowing up the entire world!"

Lisa was outright cooing over the line, never mind that her beloved friend (himself, he was talking about himself) was fighting for his life. The others, meanwhile, looked at him like he was some sort of monster. The only one not giving him grief was the horse he almost murdered.

An enraged Radahn rampaging about worked against their favor, though. They needed him in one place, carefully managed and attacked on all sides.

Ducking under one of the swords, Jaune came back up with shield aloft, hoping to stop Radahn in his tracks.

An oversized blade crashed onto him in the very next second, pulverizing the Geo sphere that appeared and vanished in the blink of an eye. Heavy as a Valkyria's lance, heavier even, weighed down with magic until his arms were shaking in an effort to hold it back. The fanciful thought of parrying the blade vanished as all he could do was endure, his legs sinking into the soft terrain.

A glow briefly overtook him, easing the strain enough for him to dip to one side, letting the sword skid off the surface of the shield. The ground next to him blew apart from the resulting impact, covering him in sand.

Through squinted eyes, he glimpsed a new entrant in this duel of two. Aseo leapt off his horse, sword brandished and somersaulting in the air to build momentum. The blade slashed down dead center on Radahn's helm.

"Uweh?"

The odd sound slipped from Aseo as his sword skittered off the helm on an angle, a small nick left on the metal. The man crashed facefirst to the ground not far from Jaune, having given no thought to a landing strategy.

Salvation came for him in the form of their allies, who attacked Radahn at that time. Alexander crashed into the General's back, bringing the full might of the secret spinning jar arts. Clay ground on armor until it sparked fire.

"Get up, Aseo! Now is our chance!" the jar encouraged. As Radahn engaged him in combat, a shadow slipped past him. The swirl of a fur cloak coalesced in Blaidd, who swung his blade in a blistering combo.

"Alexander, do not stay still. Make way for the others," the wolfman said with poise as he weaved between Radahn's attacks. Taking his own advice, a backstep allowed a new combatant to enter the fray.

Okina of the Land of Reeds glided over the sand with a long katana in his right hand and a shorter blade in his left, his quick steps carrying him from the ground to Radahn's knee, then past the demigod without a pause. Only once he was done did skin split and the sound of metal on metal rang. Flecks of golden armor broke off to fly in the air, and blood spilled from the thin spaces between the armor plates.

The samurai hissed in dismay. "Too poor by half."

Jaune darted past him, mustering his full strength to divert the heavy slash of a sword. The wounds left on Radahn slowed him down not a bit, superficial to a one. An unimpressive outcome given Okina's masterful display of swordsmanship, so he could understand the frustration. But then, Radahn was plain cheating with his sorcery.

"Hit harder!" he advised.

The solution was simple. Just break through. Stronger than Radahn's altered gravity could counteract, and faster than he could redirect.

Jaune swapped his sword for the gunlance, propped atop his shield driven in the ground. A pull of the trigger, and the world heard the sound of a gong as the explosive shell smacked against Radahn's helm. Fire bloomed to engulf his head, his entire body rattling from the blow.

For a second, Jaune thought that did it. The snarling visage of the General appearing out of the smoke doused that hope. [Third Arm] yanked him backward, the twin swords missing him by less than an inch. The blade rammed into the earth, embedding deep. Jaune saw his opportunity, seizing it to lunge forward.

The swords blasted apart the sand as it came back up, giving him a whack that sent him sailing over the other champions' heads.

Short bursts of the rockets helped him regain control. He landed on the sand with a good view of absolute beatdown Radahn was laying on his allies. The twin swords were no longer swords, the surface encrusted in a layer of rocks to turn them into clubs. Each swing that connected with a fighter resulted in a harsh impact that blew them away, scattering the airtight formation that had, they foolishly assumed, locked the General in place.

"Magic?" he asked.

"Magic," Lisa confirmed. "Don't even try to block it. You'll lose."

"Always with the vote of confidence, aren't you?"

Diving back into the fight, he listened as best he could to Lisa's running commentary. Where the most damage had been done that he should aim for, where their allies were and what they needed of him. He bought time for the others to recover.

Radahn's style of fighting grew clearer as Jaune baited him back into a duel of two. His mind remembered the little tricks he loved in life, magic and might woven together in seamless flow. A slash would lead to a stab, to a wave of crackling energy that warped the ground and forced Jaune to take to the air. A gesture then, and unseen forces would pull him in for a finishing blow. With a warning from Lisa each time, Jaune held on through it all.

As the champions returned to the fight, Radahn redoubled his efforts to get rid of Jaune. The sickly steed that Jaune wasn't allowed to kill surged after him, keeping Radahn always in range.

To that, Jaune adopted the tactics of a gnat. Some would call it the style of Huntsmen, the counter to a foe that did not know to stop.

The rocks on Radahn's swords crumbled in the middle of a swing, transforming a slow and deliberate attack into a lightning quick lunge. Jaune turned aside right in time to let the blades sail past, then kicked into the air with a burst of rocketfire.

Launched to the height of Radahn's head, he whipped a foot across his unprotected face. The heat forced Radahn to shut his eyes, a prime opportunity that Jaune would not miss. His sword swung for the exposed throat.

A surge of gravity pulled his blade off-course, scoring a deep gouge on the breastplate below, inches from where he aimed it. Miles, in terms of combat. The same fate befell Aseo, whose overhead slash scratched the side of the helm.

Geo energy swirled around him, pushing away one of Radahn's massive arms, a chance for Jaune to engage his boots to flip up and over the General. Below, Lionel the Lionhearted and Great Horned Tragoth launched simultaneous attacks on the back of Radahn in a bid to knock him off his horse. Hammer and sword drove into his sides, while Jaune harried the demigod with gunfire from above.

As the others broke off from the assault, Jaune latched [Third Arm] onto Radahn, pulling forward to end up sitting on his shoulders. Instead of sword or gunlance, a simple knife he used for miscellaneous tasks appeared in his hand. A twirl reversed his grip on it, with him then driving the knife into Radahn's face.

He could feel the invisible barrier working against the knife, weakening the blow. Clutching the weapon with both hands, he gritted his teeth and pushed through the resistance.

Radahn screamed as the tip of the knife pierced his eyeball, sinking in at a glacial pace. Bringing his swords together, he reared back his head.

"Incoming!"

"Got it!" Jaune shouted, leaping off Radahn as the demigod bashed those blades against his own head.

The General wasn't done, however, thrashing about to lay waste to his surroundings with no regards to tactics or reason, consumed by a base anger. Alexander raced into that storm, shielding Tragoth and Lionel with his body as he pulled them to safety. Meanwhile, Aseo stripped, dressed, and stripped again in a desperate effort to escape harm.

Healing light washed over Jaune, an unnecessary but kind gesture from Therolina the Fingermaiden that he acknowledged with a quick salute. From there, he stayed in the air to search for an opening. They had Radahn on the ropes, and now was no time to let up.

He didn't have to look for long. The half-blinded demigod, in his frenzy, lost sight of his prey. The moment he paused in his onslaught to peer about, half a dozen swords were upon him.

"Stay to his left!" Jaune called out and followed his own advice, joining Aseo in pinning down one of Radahn's arms. One went high, the other low, their blades seeking purchase in the elbow joint where the armor was weaker. A wide sweep of Radahn's sword beat them back, others taking their place.

Gravity energy began to gather around Radahn. Faced with a choice of retreat or pressing on, an agreement passed between the combatants without the need of words. They'd risk it for one more strike, one more chance to end the whole thing.

They paid for it.

The blast took them all, a blunt wave of physical force that ripped them from the ground and tossed them every which way. Champions rained down on the sand. In a flash, the tide had turned.

Jaune landed on his back yards from where he was, groaning as the strange sensation of being squeezed flat passed. He looked up in time to see a giant clay jar falling upon him.

"Holy—erk!" Anything else he said came out as muffled whimpers, crushed beneath his ally's great weight.

Alexander did not seem to notice that the jar was sitting on him. "Oh, I say. I felt that one. Jars were not made to fly."

"Owww…"

"What the? Jaune Arc, what are you doing down there? Hang on now, just let me roll off of you."

"Owww…"

"This is harder than I thought," the jar admitted, arms and legs flailing in the air. Jaune had no idea what was inside the jar, but it weighed a ton. "If you would just give me a little push, perhaps that would do it—Ah! Aseo, help! Help!"

Laying in the dark, Jaune heard Aseo's reply from nearby.

"Alexander? Why is it that whenever we meet, you're stuck somewhere and I have to shove your butt free?"

Despite his grumbling, Aseo joined in on the effort, and soon Alexander was able to regain his footing. Jaune crawled out of the hole he was buried in, taking gulps of the blessed fresh air as he looked around.

Everybody had withstood that attack, albeit to varying degrees of success. Okina needed healing, something Therolina tended to. Lionel, on the other hand, made it out well enough thanks to his round-shaped armor, while Tragoth was already standing up.

The one person missing in this picture… was the demigod.

The world tinged in a violet glow.

"Uh-oh," Jaune said. "I know this one."

He looked up. A star was falling from the sky. Its name was Radahn.

"Everybody, take cover!"

The champions ran pell-mell, like ants from a kicked nest. They had little options. There was nowhere to hide on this beach.

Scrambling upright, Jaune summoned shields in both hands, and drew on Geo to encase him in its protective embrace. The shields slammed into place, propped on the ground.

Aseo braced his shield right next to the ones Jaune set up. They shared a look.

"Are you kidding? You'll die," Jaune said.

"I have a skill for this," Aseo assured him. "I just have to endure!" he yelled that last word.

An immense heat heralded Radahn striking the ground. The resulting blast made the earlier one look downright puny, changing the direction of the wind and blanketing the beach with the glow of gravity. Sand and old battlefield remains kicked up in the air, and stayed there floating in the grips of magic.

The explosion swept over Jaune's position. Light pulsed around him, steadying his stance. Aseo had no such power, yet he clenched his jaw and weathered the pressure with cool-headed calm.

Or… no, he didn't. As the blast dissipated, the Naked Parry King sank to his knees. Sand had scraped across his skin like knives, tearing wounds. Breathing hard, he leaned on his shield to let it help him not fall.

Of the champions, Aseo was the only one to remain somewhat upright. The others laid flat on the ground, limbs shaking if moving at all. From Tragoth to Lionel to Therolina, none had been able to escape unscathed.

A slew of healing potions popped out of Jaune's Pocket. He uncorked the first and poured it on the coughing Aseo. Then, since he lacked his reliable Palico support, he began lobbing the potions to the rest.

"They're medicine to heal you," he said. "Hurry and take it, he'll be back for another round soon!"

His phone crackled, and Lisa's voice came through over the line. "No, Jaune. It's over."

He opened his mouth to protest, but a bugle call sounded out to interrupt him. A long and mournful note drifting from the castle to its surroundings. It was the furthest thing from the music of war, or victory.

"That's them sounding the retreat. The mood in the castle is that this is it. They don't think you guys can go on anymore."

"Hah? What kind of talk is that? We got this!" Jaune asserted.

He wasn't close to done. In the past couple of months, he had faced worse than this and came out on top. Or survived it, at least.

"Look around, silly man. The others are barely holding on, and it's pretty clear to the soldiers that Radahn won't die. Time to go."

Steadfastly, Jaune refused to look at the champions he had fought alongside. They'd get up, he just knew it.

A groan from Blaidd, a small distance away to Jaune's left, drew his and Aseo's attention. The lively glint to that wolf's eyes was gone. He shivered at the sight of Radahn, half-obscured in the smoke and dust. If Jaune didn't know better, he would call it fear.

"She isn't wrong," said the wolfman. His big ears must have caught the conversation. "Sorry, Aseo. I know you needed that Great Rune, but…" Blaidd dropped his head back on the sand. "I guess this is all we amount to. A sorry lot of nobodies in a world of gods, too big for our britches—gack!"

The healing potion Jaune threw had conked the wolfman right on the nose, with Blaidd now rolling around on the ground screaming curses at him.

"Don't give me that," Jaune urged him. "We made him bleed, and what bleeds can die. What was all that you said about honor, huh?"

"Can't eat honor, I thought I told you that," Lisa chimed in. "Looks like they're starting to realize it, too. Anyway, that stuff doesn't have anything to do with you, does it?"

A pang of hurt shot through him, though he gave no outward sign. Lisa was never one to think deeply of her sharp tongue, she didn't mean it. That was what he told himself.

As if to convince them, and his own heart, he drove his sword into the ground to act as leverage for him to climb up to his feet. The aftermath of Radahn's falling star was dispersing, the General regaining his vision. The first thing he would see, was Jaune in a fighting stance with weapons in hand.

"Okay, sure," he said. "We're a sorry lot. But is that so bad? I've been in this spot before. I don't think it's hopeless yet. This isn't even in the top three of scary things I've fought," he boasted to psych himself up.

"Ha! And you were doing so well up until then!" a new voice cut in.

Jaune whipped his head around, but the owner of the voice made it moot by stepping past him.

"Jerren?" he asked, gawking. "Should you be here?"

"I have some fight left in me," said Castellan Jerren. The old man clapped Jaune on the shoulder, squeezing it as a friend would. He carried a greatsword with a wavy blade, propped like a cane. "I have served under the banner of the good General in ages past, and let me tell you, not a day went by back then that did not scare me shitless. The demigods are honorable, grand, inspiring, and also mad as a basket of kittens. My friend fought the stars. The stars."

Well, when he put it like that…

"By the by, he would have liked you," the old man commented.

Jaune pointed at his chin. "Me?"

Jerren nodded, before his gaze lowered to Aseo. "You, too. And the wolf and the jar and all the rest. He loved mortals. No matter how many fell, another always stepped forward ready to challenge monsters and gods." The castellan chuckled, and with a grunt, heaved the sword in his hand up to prop it on top of a shoulder. "We know not of any other way."

Maybe that was what they call honor. Jaune thought that he would like to find out.

He turned and looked at the others, gauged their expressions and offered a hand. He found someone to accept it, Aseo the most serious he had ever seen today. The champions likewise helped one another stand, even if there were groans and whines. The last one to get up would be forever labeled a coward and a weakling, not fools like the rest. They settled in a ragtag line arrayed before General Radahn. For one more try.

Pieces on the board with no hand to guide them, each going along their path. Once the smoke cleared, Radahn found not one of them missing.

"Forward!" shouted Jerren, sword pointed ahead.

And the champions heeded his call.

As Jerren took the field, something within Radahn seemed to recognize him. He focused on the old man more than he would most, although that was the extent of it. The rot had taken the last traces of friendship, and what remained was the beastly desire of violence. The demigod spurred his horse, and charged at the castellan with swords brandished aloft.

The castellan set his greatsword flame and met the bull rush with a well-placed slash under the arm. Spinning with the motion allowed him to deal with the demigod's followup.

He held his own for perhaps four seconds, all told. Plenty, to prove he belonged in this company. As he fell back before the heavy attacks, Jaune relieved him of his place.

Rocks began to swirl around Radahn, giving those close quarters another angle to contend with. One would have smashed into Jaune from the side, but Tragoth intercepted with a mighty swing of his hammer to ground it to dust, leaving Jaune free to slam his gunlance home and—boomboomboomboom!—land a fullburst barrage straight against Radahn's chest.

The force of the bombardment dented the golden breastplate and rocked the General, but he ultimately kept his balance through his mastery of gravity. The same mastery that sent him and his horse jumping high above the combatants, and come down with his swords chopping like guillotines.

The simultaneous clang of three swords meeting Radahn's two rang in the clearest note. Jaune, Aseo, and Blaidd strained their muscles as they held back the immense, and increasing, weight of the massive slabs of metal. Another champion, Lionel, lanced past them with his blade. That hit was no good, skidding off-target.

"Do not let him have a single second of reprieve," Castellan Jerren counseled. "He will have all the rest he wants after he is in the dirt!"

"Are you two really friends?" Jaune ground out, knees starting to buckle from what felt like the weight of a mountain.

"The fool had the gall to go and die while owing me money! I shall never forgive him!"

Best friends, then.

On an agreed signal ("Last one out is a pancake!"), the three fighters blocking Radahn leapt aside then converged again. Jaune led the way, stomping on Radahn's sword and springing high to stab at his exposed face. The General jerked his head out of the way, but immediately had to deal with Aseo who had followed in Jaune's steps, then Blaidd after that. The same relentless onslaught that was so hard for others to withstand, used against himself.

And they were not the end. Okina climbed atop Alexander, standing on the lid of the jar to gain height where he swiped furiously at Radahn, countering him blow for blow, parrying sword with sword through sheer stubborn will. Tragoth kept him safe, his giant stone hammer spinning with the force of a whirlwind.

Like ants, they rushed at the demigod. Biting, biting, always biting. The raging beast was beset on all sides. Whenever it lashed out, it bled.

"Jaune," Lisa piped up as he raced in to shield Alexander from being cracked open with a sword cut. "Just to confirm, the gravitational force layered on Radahn's armor is directing everything downward, right?"

He deflected the first sword into the ground, and pulled the exhausted Okina off the jar to avoid decapitation. "I think? To be honest, I'm a little preoccupied at the moment!"

Too tightly grouped, the samurai and him were sitting ducks. They scattered in opposite directions, dodging the flying rocks Radahn sent after them.

"It is, and I was only making you feel included. Whatever, it means that he likely has a weakness to attacks from above. They'll do full damage so long as they aren't redirected."

Jaune furrowed his brow in thought, and backpedaled out of range. Tragoth smoothly took his place without complaints.

"I think Aseo was aiming for that," Jaune said, replaying bits of the battle that he remembered. "Although maybe he didn't outright realize it."

The idea that the Naked Parry King of all people had been on the same wavelength as her displeased Lisa greatly, judging by the angry spluttering happening on the other end of the call.

Still, the information put the situation in perspective. They were trying to overpower the defensive layer through sheer strength or skill, which worked up to a point. It followed the strategy of death from a thousand paper cuts, traded for stamina and a whole lot of risk for his allies.

Everyone hoped for a decisive blow. If Lisa's conclusion proved correct, then they had found their chink in the armor. Fighting gravity was a losing proposition. So, don't. A strike from the top would see them victorious.

'So long as they aren't redirected' were the operating words.

"Guys! Guys! Team meeting!" Jaune yelled at the top of his lungs.

"Ahaha, you're hilarious," Aseo yelled back mockingly, pausing his words to gasp for air. "We're busy dying here, Jaune!"

"Speak aloud, young man!" Jerren encouraged. "Speak proud and without hesitation. The fool has not his wits left to overhear our plans! Like a dog, howling at the sky!"

Radahn threw one of his rocks at Jerren, forcing him to duck low.

"'Twas a coincidence," the old man insisted.

Jaune quickly relayed the amazing idea. "We will drop a rock on him, see how he likes it."

"...That's it?" Lionel the Lionhearted twisted around to look at Jaune, the incredulity showing throwing despite the full suit of armor. The lapse in attention nearly got him impaled on Radahn's sword, had not Blaidd got there first to knock him aside.

"No, look, it's a really big rock." He demonstrated for their benefit, summoning the boulder.

Tragoth performed a spit-take. "Why is there so much blood on it? What the heck is wrong with you?"

"Eh? Eh?" Jaune motioned with his hands. There was no way they could deny the lethality of this thing, it looked like it killed a village. (They did seem to be questioning his sanity, given the new light they saw him in.)

Those not in immediate danger from Radahn deliberated on the matter. Those who were in danger—Aseo, mainly—had a more succinct opinion.

"You know what, let's just do it!" Aseo screamed to the others.

And yet, he seemed to be doing quite fine, rolling across the ground one step ahead of Radahn to avoid being chopped apart. An agile flip and a piercing whistle, and he now zigzagged through a field of falling rocks on a spectral steed, circling around and around Radahn while shooting shards of magic.

The amount of clothes on him was vanishing one by one as time went on, though. Traded for power, one might imagine.

"Your plan is worth a shot," Blaidd said. "Go. We'll keep Aseo alive to deal with Radahn."

"We're in this together, right? I'm not soloing him, right?"

Jaune threw a salute to their sacrifice as glider wings snapped open on his back. "You have to pin him down. No mistakes, okay? He'll know to watch out for it after the first time!"

"Waaaait!"

Even in a world of magic, people neglected to look up in the thick of battle. But once they had cause to, it'd be something they would check for. The time he spent buzzing around Radahn's head might have already ruined the whole trick.

So, when he took off, he went high. Higher than the tallest tower of the castle with the wind screeching in his ears, only leveling out at the point where none would count him as a participant of the battle. Whatever happened down there, it was up to them.

The calculations involved with dropping a pebble from the height of a skyscraper and hoping for it to hit an actual target… was slightly beyond him. They didn't teach this in Huntsman school. Thankfully, he had Lisa, who cheated the whole thing. She had taken on the task of keeping an eye on the position of Radahn, the progress of the champions in keeping the demigod in place, the wind and dust and humidity or any other factor that came into it. He was just the hand to her will.

"Not yet," reported his spotter.

"I know."

"Not yet!"

"I know!"

The waiting was the hard part. As the minutes flew by, he started to grow antsy watching his allies. Alexander was easy to spot with his shape, the jar tackling Radahn as hard as he could only to be dragged along by the demigod and his horse. A person fell like a puppet with its strings cut, he didn't know who. Some damn fool had stripped naked and was taunting Radahn with a dance. Who could that be?

The sound of Lisa's voice was a balm for his nerves, cutting through his unease.

"Now, do it now!"

Some might doubt her, pose questions and demand evidence. For him, the action he took was simpler. She had done all he asked, he was sure of it. Now was his turn. The boulder popped into existence, high in the sky.

No fancy robots or superpowers needed here. In the eternal game of bashing each other's heads in, the humble rock would always make its return. The old reliable.

The boulder hung there for a second, and an eternity.

Was Lisa behind it, or had they just known? The drums rolled, shaking the shore. The bugles sounded again from the Redmane wall. This time, they sang with a triumphant note. They sang a song of war, of Radahn.

The rock fell.

It was no star, yet it decided the fate of the world.


-o-
​

The cold moon shone upon the world, its soft light a comfort to all.

Jaune sat atop the castle wall, beside Lisa, at a remove from the party raging below them. It was only getting more rowdy and welcoming as time went on, but this corner where the world was quiet suited them fine.

Tonight was a night of shooting stars.

They crossed the sky, sometimes several at once, free from the chains that bound them for an age. It portended to the Lands Between that fate was on the move, but for the two of them… Well, it was just a pretty light show. The prettiest of the places they had known.

Many of the stars flew toward the north, where a golden glow bathed the land in its warmth. That glow came from a tree, a tree that had not always been there. It appeared to him some time after the battle, and Jaune had doubted his eyes at first until Lisa told him that she saw it, too.

Because… that tree was the world. He could describe it no other way. It lived beyond an ocean, beyond the mountains, yet a person at this castle could trace the grooves on its trunk with the naked eye. Its branches covered the horizon, the falling leaves mistaken for stars.

All thoughts of merriment and drinks could not hold a candle to simply sitting here under a canvas of shooting stars, Lisa's head resting on his shoulder, watching this wonder he would never see again.

"Okay, I'll admit it," Lisa drawled. "This almost made it all worth the trouble."

He cracked a smile, glancing down at her. "Almost?"

"Don't even, mister. You didn't have to go and put yourself in danger today, did you?" She nudged him with her elbow. "Did you?" she chided, exasperated.

"I…"

He thought on the question, even though it needed no answer. He thought of the people he met today and their earnest hopes, and what he could give them. He thought of honor.

"I think I did," he said, and tilted back his head to enjoy the breeze. "Because today was another day where I want to be better than I am."

Down below, the castle soldiers had broken out the finer vintage. Aseo was chugging straight from a barrel now, locked in a contest with Alexander. A jar had lips, after all, so obviously it could drink. How delightfully nonsensical.

Jaune's gaze met with a wolf's, who made to wave him over before seeing the person by his side. A knowing smirk, and nothing smirked like a wolf, grew on his face as he nodded and turned away, motioning for others to not bother the pair. Jaune would have his peace for a while.

A hundred shooting stars racing across in the sky. Jaune sat on the wall with one leg swinging, a friend by his side. Nothing more needed to be said. It was a perfect night, and no mistake.

Exactly why they came here in the first place, even if there were some hiccups along the way.

"...Hey, know what I'm thinking? We can ask for a ton of freebies from the merchants right now and they'll probably give it to us. Not to mention what the champions owe you. That Blaidd is hiding good stuff, I just know it."

"Lisa."

"The soldiers, too. I'll bet we can talk our way into the armory!"

"Lisa, please."


Universe: Elden Ring. Location: Redmane Castle of the Lands Between.
Event: The Festival of Radahn
Loot: Sword of St. Trina, Carian Knight's Shield, Radahn's Lion Greatbow, Glintstone Staff, Arrow's Sting Talisman, cursed boulder, well-pickled turtle necks (snack), boiled prawns (snack), medicinal preserving boluses, sorcery scrolls, Ranni doll (Empty), gravity stone chunks, rainbow stones, golden sunflowers, golden seed.
​



"Where did everybody go? Guys, I brought presents!"

That was the first thing Jaune said after he passed through the portal, and returned to their rented log cabin. Mere days since they moved in and it already felt like home, but an empty home was no home at all.

Calling out to the upper floor, he received not a single answer.

Lisa tugged on his sleeve, head cocked to crane an ear upward. "I think I hear something outside."

He led the way out onto the porch, where Lisa's words were proven correct. Not that she got to enjoy that fact, as she at once gagged at the sight before them.

A deer was strung up on a wooden frame, expertly killed with a cut throat, belly slit and its blood draining into a bucket. A fluffy ball of fur climbed about the carcass, hard at work with a sharp knife clutched in a paw.

Nearby, Hu Tao watched Escha skin the deer with fascinated eyes. Dressed casually in neokitsch fashion, she looked nothing like a funeral director, an observation that would earn outrage if he told her.

Hu Tao noticed the pair of them, and a smile lit up on her face. She scurried over.

"You're finally back! How was your day trip?" she asked.

He mulled on the series of events that led to him bashing a god on the head with a rock. "It's a long story, I'll tell you about it later. Anyway, where's everybody?"

"Uh…"

The fidgeting boded nothing good.

"Fischl and Bennett went to the library in town," Hu Tao began, only to be interrupted by a paling Lisa.

"You let them drive?" the blonde whispered.

Hu Tao frantically waved her hands in denial. "Ohnono, they took bicycles. They're doing fine, there's no problem with them. But, um."

"What?"

"Well, it's a funny story…" The girl trailed off.

Something seemed to have clicked for Lisa, that great detective, because she started looking around the area.

"The motorcycle isn't here."

Lisa was referring to the yellow motorcycle often parked beside their car. An ARCH Nazaré model taken from Night City, its absence wasn't exactly a cause for concern, given the owner's wanderlust. Yet, judging by the awkward way Hu Tao scratched her cheek, that was the very problem she was bringing forward.

"Uh-huh," Hu Tao confirmed. "It's impounded in a place called Iowa right now."

Lisa yelped, "That's like a thousand miles from here. What the heck is that girl doing?"


Author's Notes: The Lands Between, it is a silly place.
What else would we call it? I will always swear by the sorcery build, and the Moonlight Greatsword. But then, there's someone running around naked and is playing ten times better than me.

A lot about Elden Ring was left out. A lot. Because it didn't really matter, in terms of Jaune Arc. The focus of his story, as it often does, stays small.
He was here to make money and meet interesting people. Joining a raid match against a god just happened to be a bit part that he played.
Last edited: Jun 28, 2026
Stories:
QQ Sneaking His Way into the Multiverse , a RWBY Jaune, WC-lite mechanics story.
Other RWBY stories on AO3 or FF - Yakuza Arc | Conquered Menagerie: Annals of the Sixth Kingdom | Cat, Bunny, and the Good Ship Honey Starbright | The Agent
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Amrynel, DuManHeiu, Amdiranifani and 315 others
LazyAutumnMoon
Jun 28, 2026
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 87: Small Town Mischief
View content
LazyAutumnMoon
LazyAutumnMoon
We all need Sundancer in our life.
JoinedJun 7, 2024
Messages289
Likes received68,284
Jul 5, 2026
Add bookmark
#8,614

Chapter 87: Small Town Mischief
​

He felt the need, the need for speed.

Where street lights blurred, and the tires screamed. The open road at 2AM was meant for nothing else.

The car he drove blasted down the highway, a thousand miles put to the wheels with one of Escha's energy drinks staving off the fatigue of his previous trip. The day-night cycle of different worlds had aligned in a most screwy fashion, him coming back from a Caelid midnight to the New York afternoon and yet to get any sleep. The price for that would come due in the hours ahead, once the potion lost effect.

He rolled into the small town of Poltergeist as the only person on its empty streets. The stores he passed had their lights off, even the ones that sold liquor, with people's cars parked in the driveway of their homes that were spaced out a shade too far from one another and surrounded by trees. He got the impression that this sleepy place kept to itself, and wasn't one for a lively club scene after dark.

The town center spanned a single street, short and sweet. A thousand times had he walked its length without ever setting foot here. Gods, did it feel familiar.

He found the police station in no time. It was the closest building to the church that sat dead center at the end of the avenue. The sign over the door said sheriff, but he figured that amounted to the same thing. Better, even. A lot of settlements in Vale, usually the ones further out like his that didn't get much support from the city, would elect one of their own to the position and that worked well enough to cover the day to day affairs of their small population. A dedicated police department was a sign that a settlement had hit the big times.

So far as he knew, a sheriff's main job involved tossing drunks into the lockup on a Friday night to sleep off a bender, where they couldn't make other people feel mad, sad, or bad. Their second, and rarer, job had to do with deputizing the townsfolk to deal with the occasional problem as a community.

Ideally beforehand, often during or after. That part tended to end up rather slapdash, as things go. His father always said that the way the city did it was better.

Whatever the case, experience growing up told him that a sheriff in a place like this blurred the line between cold, impersonal authority and the everyday normal. Someone who kept the law, yet might be happy to settle a matter with a friendly conversation or a delicious apple pie. That suited him just fine, tonight.

The squat, blocky building that the office occupied still had its lights on, and the doors opened with a push. A warm enough welcome in his books. Walking in, he found a room that was almost too sparse with a desk and a couple of filing cabinets resting at the back wall, a TV hanging in the corner next to the entrance. Tidy, though. The floor tiles squeaked under his boots, sparkling clean.

"Hi there!" he chirped to the older man sitting behind the desk, whose badge announced him as a deputy rather than the actual sheriff.

So, the overworked one that didn't get to have delicious apple pie. Uh-oh.

No, no. Let's not jump to conclusions.

He affected a cheery, if somewhat stiff, mien. "I'm here to see about a girl and her bike?"

"You're with the freak? Great, just great."

Well, they sure were off to a swimming start.

"I mean, I could leave her here if that's what you really want. You're the one who'd have to wait on her hand and foot. She has a doctor's note."

Thus hath he spake the magic words.

Kind of. It took some more doing to gain entry to the jail cells, given that he was itching for a fight after the oh so friendly opening shot and the deputy pretty much dared him to do it out of a twisted desire to relieve his own boredom. The night shift did strange things to people. Still, the promise of a problem gone from his sight convinced the deputy to come around even if Jaune got the impression that the man wasn't fully willing to leave it at that.

With a jangle of keys, the deputy opened the door to a short hallway while continuing their conversation, which had reached a particularly vexing impasse. "You can't tell me that's natural," he insisted. "It sticks to her face and won't come off. Prosthetic, my foot."

"I showed you the paperwork," Jaune said, following the man in. "She had an accident. Let's stop talking about it, okay?"

"Yeah, yeah, it'd be a real tearjerker, if it's true. And she should've had all of that on her in the first place, along with her ID." The deputy smacked the sheet of paper he held, the one printed with a copy of a driver's license and passport that was both brand new yet dated years ago. "Don't think I didn't notice the fake name or that we had nothing on her in the system until you showed up. What do laws even mean anymore…"

The deputy was not the only person unhappy. Lisa had complained to no end as she paid extra to expedite the documents and the various other services offered by their favorite forger to corroborate an identity. A rushed job meant a slipshod job, and the next week would see Lisa double-, triple-checking to make sure the cracks that the forger papered over to get these IDs out the door would not come back to bite them all.

A problem for tomorrow, in his mind. Tonight was about getting their friend her freedom.

The short hallway granted access to two big jail cells secured by simple mechanical locks, one on either side of the passage. The cell on his left lay empty, but the cell on the right played host to a single occupant. A tall, leggy blonde dressed in red, sitting on a long bench with one leg crossed over the other, whose indifferent demeanor changed as she spotted him. In a flash, she was on her feet and striding across the room, and once in front of him raised her hand to give him a small wave.

"Hi."

Jaune leaned on the steel bars of the cell, and smiled bright.

"Hey, Kiwi. How's life in this strange new world?"


-o-
​

"'s not my fault."

"Sure."

"If they didn't want me speeding, they shouldn't have built a thousand miles of paved road."

"Ooh yes, I completely get that. It's so cool, huh?"

"What was I supposed to do, not take it at maximum speed?"

"I couldn't have said it better myself."

Had the sheriff deputy heard the conversation Jaune and Kiwi were having as they waited in his office, he would likely throw Kiwi back in her cell, and Jaune with her. The man adhered to an alien perspective, though. One of law and order, and roads without wonder. He didn't understand what Jaune and Kiwi saw.

If Jaune had time, he would do what Kiwi did in a heartbeat, traveling as far and as fast as his ride could go. Coast to coast, north to south, back and forth. Simply because it was possible. What a dream it would be, the complete command of the land.

"Anyway, are you really alright? You were in here for, what, almost a day?" Jaune asked, propping an elbow on the armrest of his chair as he bonelessly leaned his head toward Kiwi's side. The deputy had provided them with stiff wooden chairs, but underestimated a young man's ability to lounge on any uncomfortable surfaces if he thought it would look cool. Still, he hadn't been the one stuck in a room for hours with a cold metal bench to sit on, hence his worries.

"Wasn't too bad. They can't stop me texting with Hu Tao, and Lisa after she got back," Kiwi said, then mimed a gun aimed at her head. "Watching the paint peel off the wall did get boring. Glad you're here."

"Once we're out, I'll find us a place to rest for the night so you can sleep on something soft. I wasn't impressed with that jail cell."

Kiwi shrugged, affecting a nonchalant air. "Whatever. I can sleep on a rock."

They chatted for a while longer, until the deputy came back into the room from a side door. Over his shoulder, he carried a bulky duffel bag that he soon dropped on the floor beside his desk.

"Your things. Check it to make sure it's all there if you want."

Despite the brusqueness that told all and sundry he couldn't be bothered to care, the deputy's eyebrow arched when Kiwi pulled the bag into her lap and began going through the contents right in front of his face. She even counted the money in the wallet to make sure he hadn't stolen any, not trusting the officer one bit. The implication of that earned her a glare from the man as he shuffled over to sit on an old office chair built for a younger, skinnier version of him from days long past. The chair creaked as he kicked his feet on the table to get comfortable.

His actions screamed that he was the king of this castle, and in a way it was true. According to him, the real sheriff held the full authority, but also operated from the main office located several towns over, the department to which they belong stretched thin across a thing called a 'county'.

"Your bike will take a little longer to return," the deputy added.

"How much to change your mind?" asked Kiwi without missing a beat, zipping up her bag now that her inspection was done.

Rather than arresting them for the blatant attempt at bribery, the sheriff deputy barked a humorless laugh to confirm everything Jaune suspected. Kiwi's release had been too easy, too smooth. It turned out that there was a catch.

"You." The deputy pointed to him. "You're Jaune Arc, right? The monster hunter."

"With caps, but yes."

"..."

The man went to retort, then seemed to think better of it and shook his head.

"Why do I always have to deal with the weirdos?" he muttered, hand reaching out for a glass bottle on the desk. On a closer look, the label was for a root beer, and not alcohol.

Working the night shift sober, what an honest man. And yet, for his law-abiding ways, as his fingers closed on the bottle his one comfort suddenly slipped from his grasp. Before anything could be done, it fell to the floor where it smashed into a million pieces with the content spilled across the tiles. Kiwi winced at the noise, looking annoyed.

The deputy took a deep breath. Then, a second one.

Jaune gazed at this man who was about to snap, and very carefully said, "Would you like me to go get you another bottle? My treat. There has to be a convenience store still open somewhere around here."

"No," the deputy growled. "This is fine." It was clearly not. "Just the poltergeist."

"?"

"It's a saying around these parts," the deputy explained.

Jaune hmmed. "Is that how the town got its name? I had wondered."

That got the deputy snorting in a rare bout of amusement, rolling his eyes. "Used to be called Chelsea until twenty years back. Damn fool mayor thought it would bring the tourists if we go all in, like that'd ever happen." The deputy glanced at the broken bottle, and seemed to decide that it was a problem for later, a choice that didn't impress Kiwi much as she inched her seat away from the mess before it could reach her shoes. "I hear you're the foremost human expert in… dealing… with that side of things."

News was spreading fast. How much of it was the police commissioner in New York talking him up, Jaune wanted to know. And why.

Then again, a reputation mattered, carrying a person far. Unearned or otherwise.

"I've solved a few cases. It could have been touch and go once or twice, so I wouldn't call myself the absolute best in the business," Jaune said, humbly.

He could be forgiven for trying to fish compliments, right? He certainly didn't get enough of it from Lisa. This Jaune Arc was a flower that bloomed with praise.

"That's not the story I hear," the deputy refuted, and held up his phone. On the screen, Jaune's own face peered back at him, attached to a document that he couldn't quite read from his seat. "A friend of a friend tells me you're the one to call when it comes to strange matters afoot. I'm far from the only small town deputy with those troubles, but unlike the rest I reckon I have something you need."

"A monster in exchange for the bike?" Jaune ventured, receiving a nod.

Well, well, well. That made this business.

If Kiwi had an issue with her motorcycle being used by the deputy as leverage, she did not show it. In fact, she grew outright invested, leaning forward in her seat to make it clear she was part of the conversation. The life of an edgerunner revolved around moments like these, Jaune figured. It must have felt like home.

"I'm willing to listen, but only that. No promises," he hedged. "Tell me more about the problem first."

The deputy cleared his throat and straightened up, trying and failing to hide his relief. "What do you know about the town of Poltergeist?"

To that, Jaune spread his hands to show his complete ignorance, and Kiwi beside him mirrored the gesture. One lived on another planet, and the other a different history. The deputy might as well ask them if they had been to the moon.

"...I don't blame you, there are bigger places in Iowa," the deputy said once he noted their blank looks. Rapping his fingers on the table, he blew a long sigh. "We're unlucky, is the thing. A two-hundred-year run of bad luck that follows everybody like a bad smell. That's what I want you for."

"To fight bad luck?" Jaune said, and he began to wonder if this was a prank. He looked toward Kiwi, receiving no help there. She was as lost as him. "I don't know what to tell you, honestly. That sounds a little beyond my range of services, and anyway a case of butterfingers doesn't necessarily mean someone cursed your bloodline."

"This is more than—" The deputy visibly held himself back, and sagged in his seat. "We get that sort of skepticism a lot from outsiders. But, look, I'm not crazy and there is nothing natural about this. The dinner plate industry probably owes their whole profit margin from us with how many we break. Stuff goes missing so often that people just live with it nowadays." He gestured at the mess on the floor. "And that?"

Before he could elaborate, a soft click sounded out and the heat which blew into the room from the vents cut out to immediately plunge them several degrees colder. A flicker passed over the deputy's face, rage and fear all rolled into one.

"Typical Tuesday, we call it. Goddamnit."

"It looks like the thermostat is shut off," Jaune noted. "Maybe it jumped? Did you have the Dust—the fuel restocked recently?" He made to get up to turn it back on, but the deputy waved him away.

"Restocked, my foot. It runs on public gas, kid. We're not that out in the sticks," the officer grumbled as he pushed off his creaky office chair, ambling over to the wall to fiddle with the electronic panel.

With him distracted, Jaune whispered to Kiwi under his breath.

"That wasn't you, right?"

The netrunner shook her head.

And he doubted that just any random person on the street would have the ability to remotely hack into technology the way she did. The situation was a little outside the norm, then. Maybe not enough to count as definitive proof of evil spirits and such, but considering that he was at the moment living in a world of vampires, werewolves, and other things that go bump in the night, the deputy's woes could be a sign of supernatural involvement if one squinted hard.

"That was a brand new thermostat," the deputy said as he walked back to his desk. "I had the electrical lines checked three times over the last six months. It. Keeps. Happening." Sitting down, he dropped his head in his lap. "Way back when, people blamed the bad luck on a poltergeist, a little mischief maker, and the name stuck for next two centuries. But something's changed, because the act stopped being funny somewhere along the way. Now, cars on the highway are blowing their wheels on rocks the size of people's head. Drivers wind up stuck for hours if they're lucky, unconscious with their possessions gone when they wake if they're not."

Jaune blinked, taken aback because that suddenly sounded more like bandit activities than ghostly pranks. The escalation curve appeared rather extreme, too, and rife with a kind of motive all too human.

"What happened to their wallets?" Kiwi cut in.

"Emptied. Personally, I think it's a witch, not that you'd catch me dead looking in them woods to find out."

Jaune frowned. "You have no problem sending me, though."

"Of course! You're the one to call, aren't you?"

He mulled on it, before turning to Kiwi. "It's your bike, so what do you think? You feel up to catching a ghost?"

The thermostat clicked off again. This time, a soft giggle accompanied the cold wind blowing in from the crack below the entrance doors.


-o-
​

"Sorry."

Kiwi's abrupt apology made Jaune look up from the text he just sent to Lisa updating on their circumstances. It might have been a step too far to imagine that his partner stayed up, heart all aflutter, waiting for a call, but she did appreciate knowing things as they happened.

We booked a motel for the night. :Jaune
I'll see about this poltergeist in the morning.​

Annoying Blonde N.8: K. I can check out
what info on them is available online

"Is this about the bike?" he said to Kiwi. "Hey, don't even worry about it. This lets us get it back without a fuss and deal with the town's troubles, too. I call that a win."

One thing he liked about Kiwi, she didn't dwell on such matters after they had each said their piece. Giving him a nod, she unlocked the door to the old motel room they rented, the only motel in town that was located beside the likewise only gas station in town, next to the exit leading onto the highway. There was a hint there, same as how every room was vacant until they arrived.

The door gave Kiwi a bit of trouble at first, refusing to budge, so she braced her shoulder against its worn surface and shoved harder. Enhanced with Aura, her strength prevailed to send it flying open with a crash that shook the room.

Kiwi daintily held the door open for Jaune as he turned his attention back to his phone.

I have it covered. Go to sleep. :Jaune
That goes for the rest of you in the chat.
I'm noticing way too many people up.​

A flurry of messages rolled in at the same time.

Boo! Tao: ( ˶°ㅁ°) !!

Fischl: I did not mean to!

Annoying Blonde N.8: lol buncha night owls in this house
Escha's on the roof yowling at the moon
Only Bennett is a good boy
Annoying Blonde N.8: And screw that.
You dropped a mystery in my lap
Brb.

Fischl: I wish you had told me what was going on.
Fischl: I would have helped Kiwi!
Fischl: What does brb mean?

Boo! Tao: That was my bad.
I thought it was best to rely on Jaune and Lisa.
The ways of this world are not ours, after all.

It wasn't a big deal, Fischl :Jaune​

Kiwi: What he said. Thanks, though.

Hu Tao handled it well. :Jaune
There was no point in worrying everyone.​

Boo! Tao: ( ` ꒳ ´ )✧

Why did she insist on using proper words with everyone except him?

When I need you, I'll definitely call you up :Jaune
And brb stands for 'be right back'​

Fischl: Please do!
Fischl: And please brb!

Jaune shut off his phone screen, closing it on that last clumsy message. The nuances of texting slang was a deep and complicated affair that still eluded many of those in their group chat. Scroll further up, and a good half of messages would be incomprehensible to someone from his world as a conversation, decades of texting conventions crammed into a few days with people figuring it out as they go. He couldn't explain why, but it left a strange feeling in his chest.

"They were worried about you," he said, to Kiwi's immediate bashful groan.

"Too much of a fuss. I would have taken care of it even if you didn't come."

As they strode into their quarters, a single look from Kiwi turned on the TV sitting above a stand, now blaring a program on the riveting all-day, all-night observation of Iowa weather patterns. A curious glance at Kiwi got her to explain.

"Force of habit," she said with a shrug. "It garbles our talks to people in the next room. You can't trust motels."

"Tell me honestly… Could you have broken out of that jail any time you felt like it?"

A nod. "The locks on the cell had a computer override to open in an emergency. A quickhack would deal with it faster than you can blink."

Yeah, that figured. Her brand of hackery amounted to magic from his view.

Kiwi paused to look around the room, scrunching her nose at the stains on the carpet. Jaune, meanwhile, was more concerned with the ugly pattern on the drapes. Polka-dots, and brown on yellow? Of the many faults one could say of this drab motel room, that was its greatest offense.

"Not that I was keen to become a fugitive," Kiwi added. "That would have been more trouble than it's worth."

"Fair enough," he said as he moved over to the beds. "Are computers still giving you trouble?" That had been the project she was working on when last they spoke, the holy grail with which she would… take over the world, or something.

"A little."

Listening to Kiwi, the Night City Net was akin to a second city. A full landscape formed from a sea of data laid over reality, stapled in place by a set of underlying rules that made up its bedrock. Passwords were gates, security programs as the guards. Break on through, and the world was hers.

"Here, they're… wisps," she said, gesturing with her hands to better explain. "The connections aren't woven together, and they're weak. I can work a TV." She demonstrated again, flipping the power for the TV on and off. "But the lights above us are completely dark to me."

"Because they're not linked to a computer," Jaune guessed.

"Right... It's quiet, this world. I like it."

Kiwi tilted her head, thinking.

"That said, I am looking into that Internet of Things concept that's floating around. It might be the key to setting up a real Cyberspace here. Without the AIs this time."

All that to say, at the moment she might just as well explode a computer as hack into the software.

"If I hooked my cyberdeck up to it, that would be different!" she protested, rummaging in her bag to show him the tablet she often carried around. "I already got most of my programs working safely that way!"

"I mean, I pretty much have no choice but to believe you. Looking up a cooking recipe is about the extent of what I know how to do."

A sweep of his hand dropped Kiwi's duffel bag on her bed, a selection of daily necessities on his, and food and drinks on the small nightstand between them. Right away, Kiwi snatched up a cup of smoothie, tucking the straw in one of the slits on her mask. She sat down down on the edge of Jaune's bed and happily drank up the strawberry-banana goodness that she had grown addicted to as of late.

Night City smoothies were made of scop. He wasn't sure how to feel about that, and had simply resorted to buying up as many fruits as he could for Kiwi to throw into a blender.

Including kiwi. She hadn't been amused.

Jaune flopped down beside Kiwi, his back hitting the mattress. The day—two days, really—was finally catching up to him. Rough and lumpy as the bed was, it felt like heaven, and soon his eyes began to flutter shut—

*fwissssh*

"Kiwi, did you turn on the bathroom sink?"

"A sink is not connected to internet," Kiwi deadpanned. Jaune, groaning at the interruption to his beauty rest, rolled to his feet.

He walked into the bathroom, flicking on the light. The space wore the same drab coat as the rest of the motel, dated and faded if somewhat well-maintained. Water was running from the faucet. He turned the handles, and the flow ceased.

"Our ghost, you think?" Kiwi asked, having twisted her body on the bed to follow him with her gaze, now half lying down with the tails of her coat thrown aside, stretching like a cat.

"Hard to tell for sure. Could be poltergeist, could be—"

*fwissssh*

"—loose parts."

The handles had turned by themselves behind his back. He shut them off again, and this time waited for a few seconds to see what would happen next.

*click*

The heat to the room cut out.

"Kiwi?"

"On it."

His companion did not move, but the thermostat flicked back on and the vents resumed blowing.

For, like, two seconds.

*click*

"I swear, I just saw the button move," said Kiwi.

Which confirmed that they did not have a hacker on the loose when it came to devices being manipulated. The same force was acting on everything in the town of Poltergeist.

*fwissssh*

*click*

*fwissssh*

*click*

*fwissssh*

*click*

Yeah, no. He wasn't going to play this game. The best way to stop a prank was to just not react.

"I don't mind letting the water run," he said. "It'd all go back to the earth, anyway. I won't lose sleep over it."

"The motel provided us with thick blankets. I'm starting to see why," Kiwi replied.

Of a like mind, they settled in for the night. The empty smoothie cup went in the trash, and their possessions returned to Jaune's Pocket to keep anyone from messing with them. Each took a quick shower while uncomfortably aware that they might have a voyeur, before crawling into their respective beds with the covers rolled tight around their bodies for warmth.

The late fall weather wasn't that cold. They could bear it. And the sound of running water was almost soothing. It didn't take long for them to fall asleep, unbothered by monsters, pranks, and bad luck. Hearts steady, and at peace.

More fool them, to assume it would end at that. Barely a blink of an eye, two at most, and a scream pierced the night.

…Make that morning. My, did time fly.

Sunlight filtered into the room through the crack between the curtains as Jaune surged from his bed, poised to bring out his full arsenal and start swinging. When he looked, Kiwi was already awake, and his sluggish thoughts pulled together to inform him that it had been her who screamed.

It likely had to do with the spray of red blood splattered all over her bed, and the dead rabbit strewn about on her lap. Someone had taken a knife to the poor animal.

"What the fuck is this thing?" Kiwi rasped, pressed against the wall while nudging the rabbit with her foot to get it away.

"...You haven't seen a bunny before?" What a blessed existence.

A wet, sticky sensation drew his gaze to his own blanket, where a raccoon lay in much the same state as the rabbit. Jaune winced at the blank eyes staring dead straight at him.

"That deputy wasn't wrong," he muttered. "There's nothing funny about this."

And what was the message? That he was a raccoon? A fat little raccoon?

That he was some sort of pest who kept getting into other people's property, ignoring how he wasn't welcome, digging through trash and hoarding junk, making a mess of things, gorging himself on food, going rabid at the drop of—

Fuck.

Mischief was afoot in the town of Poltergeist, cruel and mean.

Author's Notes: G-G-Ghosts!
Last edited: Jul 5, 2026
Stories:
QQ Sneaking His Way into the Multiverse , a RWBY Jaune, WC-lite mechanics story.
Other RWBY stories on AO3 or FF - Yakuza Arc | Conquered Menagerie: Annals of the Sixth Kingdom | Cat, Bunny, and the Good Ship Honey Starbright | The Agent
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Amrynel, Amdiranifani, Garp76 and 355 others
LazyAutumnMoon
Jul 5, 2026
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 88: Breakfast with Poltergeists
View content
LazyAutumnMoon
LazyAutumnMoon
We all need Sundancer in our life.
JoinedJun 7, 2024
Messages289
Likes received68,284
Jul 11, 2026
Add bookmark
#8,702

Chapter 88: Breakfast with Poltergeists
​

The investigation opened, as investigations often did, with a query.

A good detective knew to ask questions. Knew to adapt to the circumstances as they arise, and kept to the straight facts of the case. In this manner, mysteries great and small would be dragged into the light of day.

"Can I knock this off my bill? It was the poltergeist that did it."

Questions like these probably didn't count, though.

"Oh, mister. I'm so sorry to hear that… But no."

The receptionist of the motel appeared very familiar with the antics that went on around here, and thus was quite sympathetic to his plight. Just not that sympathetic. The sheets soaked in animal blood were a lost cause, and the same went for Jaune's wallet as he paid the cleaning fee. 0/10, never coming back again.

No, that sounded too harsh. An 8/10 would more than do to show his displeasure. How will they ever recover from this?

A fitting end for a place with such terrible memories.

Jaune exited the quaint motel lobby with its kind but unhelpful receptionist, stepping out into the cold late morning. The climate here wasn't yet like the New York mountains with its snow, but give it a few weeks and it would get there. The fallen leaves that blew past him were borne on a bracing, chilly wind that did wonders to wake a person up, and led him to pull his Gallian-blue jacket tighter around his body. He didn't mind these kinds of days that were perfect for cozying up with friends at a cafe.

"How did it go?" asked a person waiting for him in front of the motel.

The keen interest Kiwi held for the ancient world of 2022 stopped short at dealing with customer service, and so the woman had left the matter up to him while she visited the nearby gas station convenience store for a pack of smokes. She was now back in the same spot where they last parted, leaning on one of the columns supporting the walkway roof with thumbs hooked into the belt loops of her pants and a foot tapping the ground. With the tails of her leather trench coat flapping in the wind, she resembled a detective more than he ever did. One might imagine that her earlier freakout never happened, looking at that bored expression on her face.

"Well, I bring grave news. There's a hundred fifty dollars I'm not getting back," Jaune reported.

"The tragedy."

Cruel indifference, thy name was Kiwi. Then again, his complaint also lacked any true regret behind it. A hundred and fifty in cash felt both like a big number and nothing at all these days, so used was he to either destitution or noveau riche status depending on what world he ended up in. The impression that the paper bills used locally seemed less than real to his eyes had a big part to do with it, too. He kept enough on hand to manage the odd expense, but had a hard time seeing their value in the way he would the beautiful Remnant Lien with its shiny colors. (No, this bias had nothing to with a latent magpie tendency. Shut up, Lisa.)

In any case, his capture of the Monster of Mystic Mansion—great headline, a crying shame that it came from a gossip rag—had earned him a goodly sum to soften monetary concerns. This was not even touching on the amount Lisa provided him as operating funds after pawning off part of their gold reserves. Say what one will, she kept him in style.

"Other than that," he continued, because he hadn't wasted that time for nothing, "the guy let me look at the camera that watched the parking lot and it caught an odd thing last night, right at the edge. A dead rabbit and a dead raccoon floated by themselves across the ground for a bit before passing out of sight."

"Gas station over there had more cameras set up," Kiwi nonchalantly provided. "Angle wasn't great, but I did watch the door to our room open by itself."

Fact of the case #1: The culprit had to move objects through space, rather than summoning them from the ether.

Going for a pack of smokes. Sure, Kiwi. It seemed this detective had made the right choice in a trusty assistant. He gave her a thumbs-up as thanks for the help, which she acknowledged with a subtle nod.

What did an unseen prankster look like, when nobody was watching. That was the question he wanted an answer for, and as he led the way to the dumpster parked on the side of the motel, he pondered the conundrum of an entity with no body for him to stab with his holy sword of exorcism (Crocea Mors with a dozen paper talismans slapped to it). The deputy had suspected vile witchery. Jaune leaned more toward spirits. People way back when called it a poltergeist, and he was working on the assumption that they knew what they were talking about.

And the appearance of spirits, ghosts, and other spectral sorts mattered a lot, if one believed a certain funeral director. Were they to appear as they did in life, then he could in most circumstances take it as a good sign that they weren't far off from their nature as ordinary people. Someone he could maybe talk to and hash things out in peace. Tattered, bloody robes and a monstrous face filled with fangs or such details, on the other hand, might be a cause for worry. "A grudge reflects as a mirror," Hu Tao had warned him over the phone.

Tattletale, when she took over the call, had questioned whether the roots of their trouble lay in the supernatural at all. She just thought it was a person with superpowers. An esper or the like.

Sometimes, he wondered if she understood what 'supernatural' even meant. The blind spots of living in an unordinary world, he supposed. It was rough, being the normal one in their duo.

"What's our next step, then?" Kiwi asked as Jaune opened the trash bin and dumped the bloody mess of blankets and animals inside. Her piercing stare lent him the uncomfortable feeling that he was facing a test.

"We're not giving up this early if that's what you're wondering, so don't go eyeing that impound lot just yet," he said, and got to enjoy Kiwi's awkward shuffling as he nailed her intentions down pat. "What would you do in this situation back in Night City? Have you ever done an investigation job, or is it always guns blazing with your crew?"

"Is that how you remember me? Stupid David, and stupid Maine who taught him. Ugh." Kiwi pinched the bridge of her nose. "If I was looking for someone, I'd scour the cameras in the area, same as you had done. Tap an info broker if the mark is the elusive type." A tch, and she averted her gaze. "Hard to say what I can offer here, now that I think about it."

This place must look like the caveman era to her. Incomprehensible, to an extent.

"That's a little different from how the Huntsman Academies teach it, but I suppose we operate in different environments for the most part. If we ever go monster hunting in New York City, you'll be the one I count on," he said as encouragement. "As for the boonies… I figure we can give the methods of my profession a shot."

In one aspect, tracking a Grimm was a matter of following the footprints and broken branches into the the deep, dark woods, and through that a Huntsman might learn of a Grimm's shape and size to pinpoint the species to which their quarry belonged. The other method was simpler, and often just as reliable. Beacon had a reason for teaching its students to begin their searches within a settlement, before venturing outward.

People had eyes to see, and mouths that did so love to talk.

The center of Poltergeist lay not far away, well within walking distance. Jaune and Kiwi found they were of a like mind in that they thought the brisk morning too nice to miss out on, soon strolling side by side over the paved cobblestone streets of this charming little town.

It sounded so simple when he put it like that, glossing over how Kiwi took strides like this was the city, all in a hurry. He, meanwhile, had naturally blended into his nostalgic surroundings with the ambling saunter he learned from family and neighbors growing up. A minute or more passed in starts and stops as they tried to fit each other's pace before something seemed to click into place, and they were suddenly moving in sync.

For a time, their footsteps formed the only conversation between them, mingling with the chirping of birds and the dry leaves crunching beneath their boots. With a different companion from the norm, the chatter that Jaune kept expecting never came. Kiwi enjoyed the quiet, from what he could tell.

More people began to appear as they approached their destination, often journeying in the same direction to where the buildings grew less secluded and homes gave way to businesses. It was here that Jaune witnessed his second prank of the day.

*beep, beeeeep!*

The honking of a horn heralded a car barreling down the road. Nothing surprising, as far as it went, until one noticed the absence of a driver behind the wheels. At once, Jaune sprang into action.

"We have to stop that car! Someone could get hurt!"

"Why?"

Kiwi's question brought him up short. He paused in the middle of taking off in flight, turning around to gawk at her. His hands made a frantic series of movements toward the car moving down the street to convey to her the obvious urgency of the problem.

"You've never seen a driverless car, have you?" Kiwi asked, quirking an eyebrow.

"What is this sorcery of which you speak? Are you saying that isn't the poltergeist?"

Kiwi let out a wry chuckle, and looked back to the car as it turned the corner to vanish from view. "If it is, then it should quit with the pranks and start a taxi service. It obeyed traffic lights and speed limits. That's better than me."

"..."

It wasn't that Jaune had nothing to say, he just didn't want to incriminate himself. Because yes, that poltergeist absolutely drove safer than him.

"We had something like that, back home," Kiwi continued. "Once it starts doing donuts at intersections, then I'd worry."

"..."

Again, not incriminating himself.

Fact of the case #2: Jaune is a gonk driver The two-hundred-year-old culprit knows the rules of the road.

Jaune glared at Kiwi as he sent the revision to the group chat. She pretended to ignore him, but he could tell from the narrowing of her eyes that she was smirking without a smirk. More than one prankster was on his case today.

The place with the most people gathered turned out to be the diner, somewhat predictably. As in many a small town, it served as a hub for the community of Poltergeist, complete with coffee and delicious food for the customers to enjoy while they traded gossip. The restaurant opened early, at seven AM on the dot according to the sign, and business was booming by ten.

What about work? It'd get done when it gets done, was the prevailing mood. Jaune even spotted a group of teenagers roughhousing on his way in, athletes from the jerseys they wore and the skillful throws of an oval football back and forth. Neither they nor the adults in the room seemed particularly concerned with school hours.

The pair of them received a lot of looks with their entrance, with the local populace tracking their progress through the restaurant out of the corner of their eyes even while continuing to talk with one another. They even managed to drag a few of the people sitting at the long counter away from the game playing on the TV screen. It might have to do with the sword hanging on his hip, or how Kiwi cut a daunting figure standing taller than most with her red leather coat and metal mask spelling serious business.

Yeah, no, it was probably the sword. Good luck to them, getting him to take it off. A proper Huntsman announced his presence with the tools of his trade so that others knew to look for him in times of trouble. Besides, who could ever guess when danger will strike.

Like, say, right here and right now.

The world slowed down, and alarm bells rang in his head. He watched with a detached sense of awareness as the waiter passing near him took a tumble. The tray that the young man held upended to deliver an assortment of food, piping hot just out from the kitchen, straight at him. Five plates, heavy on the meats, eggs, and potatoes. Two pots of coffee. Perhaps it was a sign that he still needed training, because of all the crucial details that could have leapt out to him on this occasion, his lightning-quick analysis prioritized those tidbits as the clearly relevant items to keep in mind. Mmmm, bacon.

The burst of amusement within his chest didn't have the time to show on his face. Shifting on the heels of his boots, Jaune pivoted aside to avoid the plates. A mid-motion bend at the waist let him flick the tip of his sword behind and upward to intercept a dish that would have struck Kiwi, knocking the cheesy, greasy omelette off-course to join the rest of the serving tray's worth of breakfast in splattering across the tiles. For a brief moment, the sound of shattering ceramic drowned out the restaurant's hubbub and every pair of eyes snapped in their direction.

"Oh geeze, that darn poltergeist!"

The odd cry that the waiter shouted in the wake of the incident leaned more toward an excuse rather than a sorry, carrying with it a note of both frustration and resignation. Yet, those words were accepted by all and sundry as if they explained everything about the situation, with the other customers taking it as their cue to promptly return to their own affairs. The actual apology came after the waiter realized that these two strangers, being outsiders to the town, would be unfamiliar with its common sayings.

"I'm so, so, so, so sorry!"

Too many so's, but it was sincere. Jaune listened to the waiter with half an ear, preoccupied with the scene over the young man's shoulder where an unseen artist drew a crude picture on the fogged out window near a family of four eating their meal. The children pointed it out, laughing in the way of boys. Their parents barely gave it attention, the slight downturn of their lips the only sign that they found it a bother. He filed that in the back of his mind for later.

The hostess directed the waiter to pick up after himself, then led Jaune and Kiwi off to their booth. On her face she wore a service smile, sturdy as armor even as behind her the young man hissed and yelped while burning his fingers on the sizzling-hot foodstuff until someone brought him a towel.

*crash!*

The woman winced.

"Here are your menus, your waiter will be by shortly."

What a professional. Jaune resolved then to trouble the staff as little as possible. They had enough on their plate. A scarcity of plates, for one. He settled into the booth, needing to scoot in deeper after Kiwi decided that she would also be sitting on this side.

Once the hostess was gone, Kiwi leaned in to speak with a quiet tone into his ear. "On the way here, a girl was trying to enter the restroom and the door kept jamming on her. Coincidence? I think not."

Milder than the 'prank' to befall them, to the point that it could genuinely be an accident. Yet, taken together with his own observations, Jaune considered it pretty conclusive.

Fact of the case #3: Multiple instances of poltergeist behavior occurred at the same time.

Bennett: Boss
Wy do u kep doing tat?
What is ths?

Jaune paused in the middle of typing. His gaze darted to the icons in the corner of the app, checking for those who were online.

Where's Lisa? :Jaune​

Bennett: shes sleeping
Evrybdy is. Just me Oz n Echa is up

"What the—Whatever happened to helping us with the case!?" Jaune yelped.

"Behold, David… Our rival outfit," Kiwi drawled, her eyes never leaving the menu.

Kiwi: Pet the bird for me, kid.

Bennett: Yes maaam

"What?" said Kiwi once she noticed him staring at her. "I like that bird." She turned the menu toward him. "Look, they have smoothies."

Indeed, they did. Made with farm-fresh fruits, too, the menu touted. The price threw him for a loop, given that the produce came from a nearby orchard and by conventional logic should cost the restaurant less than importing from elsewhere. But, eh, board game money and all that. Jaune urged Kiwi to get one, hoping to try it out for himself. He liked fruits.

The waiter arrived, and they placed their orders. An orange, banana, and pineapple smoothie for Kiwi and pancakes with plenty of maple syrup for him. No mishaps this time, though the day was early yet.

While they waited, he got an update from Bennett on the happenings at home, written in typo-ridden verse that hurt the eyes—Bennett's enthusiasm for telling a story often outpaced his typing speed, to the detriment of coherence. Most of those who stayed up late last night had crashed come morning with the exception of Escha, who tended to nap at any spare moment and therefore suffered less for it. Apparently, the trio of Lisa, Fischl, and Hu Tao were sprawled out on the long couch in the central living room, leaving Bennett on the hook to clean up after them when he should be learning to use the Carian Knight's Shield that Jaune passed to him.

Bennett: But boss
These clues…

I know :Jaune
The answer is clear as day.​

He had already figured it out back when he sent that third item.

"It's a witch!" he declared.

Kiwi balked, momentarily knocked out of her cool composure. "What? No. There's more than one culprit."

Or that.

"That was my second guess," he said, speaking nothing but the truth.

Kiwi said nothing.

"Okay, maybe I jumped the gun a bit," Jaune admitted. "In my defense, Lisa showed me that Mickey Mouse cartoon with the magic spell and all the brooms. Neither you or me came from worlds with wizards. We can't rule out that magic is able to work on a big scale."

"You're missing the point," Kiwi refuted. "The level of severity differs between incidents. Some cause disgust and some are outright violent. Some are mindful of laws, others threaten injury. They have no coherent throughline. Simplest answer, these actions are taken independently of one another."

Jaune raised a finger to object, then retracted the finger as he gave Kiwi's point more thought.

"Huh."

He had vaguely registered that detail already, but failed to make the connection before now.

There's more than one culprit. :Jaune​

Bennett: I ws goin to say
its a wtch

The validation. In triumph, he pressed the screen of his phone in Kiwi's face.

Kiwi rolled her eyes. "I'm learning more and more about you every day."

"Good things?"

"...Let's go with that." She brushed a lock of hair out of her eyes, tucking it behind an ear. "You have your moments. You make me laugh if nothing else."

Oh yeah, they were BFFs. Jaune leaned back in his seat, smiling from ear to ear.

The waiter brought their food to the table, and other than Jaune batting aside the knife that 'slipped' from the serving tray to 'fall' in a manner reminiscent of a serial killer's stab as the waiter placed down his stack of pancakes, they received no great trouble. Him smothering his pancakes twice over in syrup garnered more consternation from people in the vicinity than anything the poltergeist had done. Even he had to admit that it was a terrible habit to have learned from his Beacon days, excusable only in that he'd be working that off through training. Granted, after witnessing Lisa's small appetite on many occasions, he also often suspected the people of his world lucked out on bodies that burned through food like a smelting furnace when compared to some of these other places. Born to eat, the Remnant man.

A picture of their meal ended up in the group chat, another entry to the gallery that he and others had contributed to over a number of days. He also texted Bennett to let everyone else keep on sleeping. This case was best left as a side activity for them while they focused on their own thing. Lisa, for one, had enough on her plate between growing their finances, putting together a coherent plan to debut computer software a generation ahead of current local versions, finalizing Hu Tao's business application with the state (finding the perfect plot of land for a cemetery was still on the docket), and teaching Fischl to type on a keyboard instead of writing by hand in notebooks. Busy, busy, busy, that little worker bee. Jaune had it easy compared to her, tasked with worming his way into the good graces of society simply by living the dream.

He parted with Bennett on a warning that they'd be sparring upon his return to New York. That should light a fire under him.

"Oh fuck~!"

The first sip of her smoothie, and Kiwi seemed just about ready to fall in love. Among other things. The moans that escaped her lips made a young couple at a table near them flush to the roots of their hair.

Jaune managed to talk his way into a gulp of the drink, and discovered a tasty if still within the realm of the ordinary concoction. Sweet, with a strong citrus note. Miles better than scop, he'd readily admit.

His pancakes? Perfection. Each bite melted in his mouth. Soft and fluffy, syrup soaked to the very center.

He probably shouldn't have talked it up to Kiwi. She was eyeing the syrup bottle with an intent gleam to her gaze that worried him.

Well, that was fine. Their antics calmed the other customers, which suited their purpose. Normal people eating normal meals, mask and sword notwithstanding. That was them.

And as the locals grew comfortable with their presence, Jaune began to broach conversation with those nearest them, starting with comments on the weather and the food. Subjects that anybody could get it eternal argument of pancakes versus waffles reignited for the millionth time because of him.

The old couple in the next table over proved the most welcoming of his company, and it was with them that he pried in depth on the history of the town and, of course, the poltergeist problem.

"Oh, I wouldn't call it a problem, dear," the old woman, who along with her husband were florists, tittered in mirth. "It's charming! Why, I still remember some of the pranks from my childhood even after all these years."

The old man beside her seemed about to make a comment, but decided to remain quiet in the end and busied himself with his phone while his wife talked on. The fingers clutching tight onto the device told of a different opinion on the matter. His forearm sported bandages. His wife had to know the cause, but… it clashed with her fond memories, didn't it?

"It's hard to believe you were called in for this," the old woman said. "I had no idea that a monster hunter was an actual profession!"

Cocking his head, Jaune said, "I never mentioned that I was a monster hunter."

She waved her hand. "Everybody knows, dear. I heard it from my friend who heard it from that Paul boy that works up at the motel who got the story straight from our sheriff deputy."

He forgot that small towns were like this. That he was like this. The time that trading group stopped by his home, he was racing against the other kids to be first to deliver the news to the mayor. Ah, the nostalgia…

A tight grip on the back of his jacket brought his trip down memory lane to an abrupt end.

Kiwi yanked him toward her side, and an object flashed by his face to hit the table. Jaune's hand extended to scoop the football on the bounce before it could do more than send the utensils clattering, safely resolving the issue. This time, there was no mystery to solve, since the guilty expressions shared between the jersey-clad teenagers on the other side of the restaurant attested enough as to the culprits.

One among them had been in the middle of trying to intercept the ball, clearly failing that, and he rubbed the back of his head in sheepishness as he ran over to their table.

"Sorry, Mister Wells, Missus Wells. Bad case of the butterfingers, y'know? Darn poltergeist."

The old lady snorted. "I hope that gets cured by game day, young man. We're counting on you to do our town proud."

"I'll do my best," said the boy, and he mimed a catching motion at Jaune.

The ball sailed across the space between them, landing in the teenager's hands with a loud smack. In seconds, he was back with his friends, the rambunctious bunch carrying on with no indication that they had learned any sort of lesson from the incident.

"Sweet boy," said the old lady.

Jaune pointed after the teenager. "Him?"

The old lady nodded. "James Griffin, he's a sweetheart. His family is a big name around here. Not all that rich or anything, but they have been with the town since forever." The woman placed a hand over her heart. "I thought I had this nagging feeling that you seemed familiar. You two could be brothers, the way you act. That's why I know you'd do right by the poltergeist."

If she had any idea of the things he had done on his other monster hunting jobs, she wouldn't say that. There was a headless gorgon buried in New Hampshire, a mad scientist with no hands in Massachusetts, and a Kurt Volkov now a bloody smear next to a corn field in Vermont.

Jaune smiled, and echoed someone else's earlier sentiment. "I will do my best." He clapped a hand on Kiwi's back. "Got all the help I need right here."

Kiwi might not be Lisa, but she was reliable in her own way. Maybe somebody from Night City made for a good person to watch one's back. They were always looking over their shoulders.

The light fixture above dropped to smash against his head, its fragments showering over him. He kept on smiling.

The old woman grew rather more reticent at that, while the old man cracked a small grin. The restaurant staff rushed over at that point to bring a close to their little chat.

He got what he needed, anyway. The old man had angled his phone screen at him there at the end, open to a text box in a messaging app. In it were written a few short sentences that marked his next destination.

Griffin Manor in the woods. Odd ducks.

Why did these things always involve a mansion?


Author's Notes: ᓚ₍ ^. .^₎

It kills me that I couldn't find a good word that starts with P to go with Poltergeists, so that I could make the title like Gilderoy Lockhart does with his books.
Last edited: Jul 12, 2026
Stories:
QQ Sneaking His Way into the Multiverse , a RWBY Jaune, WC-lite mechanics story.
Other RWBY stories on AO3 or FF - Yakuza Arc | Conquered Menagerie: Annals of the Sixth Kingdom | Cat, Bunny, and the Good Ship Honey Starbright | The Agent
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Orcadius, Amrynel, Amdiranifani and 294 others
LazyAutumnMoon
Jul 11, 2026
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 89: Under the Mask
View content
LazyAutumnMoon
LazyAutumnMoon
We all need Sundancer in our life.
JoinedJun 7, 2024
Messages289
Likes received68,284
Jul 18, 2026
Add bookmark
#8,777

Chapter 89: Under the Mask
​

The motel marked the closest point to the highway, and the exit out of this small town. Griffin Manor, meanwhile, laid in the complete opposite direction, buried miles deep behind the rural fields within the thorny bramble woods. There was a message there, if Jaune ever saw one. Leave me alone.

A vacationing tourist to Poltergeist—they exist, locals alleged with insistent tones—might well miss the landmark altogether, since navigation systems for cars did not even note the road leading to the property. The only reason Jaune trusted the tip provided by the old man back at the diner enough to act on it was due to Kiwi grabbing a satellite image, a photo taken from an unmanned craft sent high into the sky, off of the inter-net to confirm that a house existed at the location. It spoke of a desire for privacy that bordered on hermit tendencies. In any case, Jaune had his heading and he drove out there without further delay, traveling as the noontime sun hung high in the sky.

A long, gently curving road and the wind in his hair. There was nothing like it in all the universe.

His van later rolled to a stop some distance out from his destination. A little past the winding driveway that presumably ran up to the house, around a bend to put the vehicle out of sight.

During the trip over, he had debated at length with Kiwi on the merits of sneaking their way into the manor. The netrunner saw this option as a matter of course, used to the idea of going where she was not welcome and taking what was not hers. Her words, not his, and the unflattering if somewhat honest summation of the merc business that paralleled certain personal experiences of his own would keep him up at night, he could already tell. On his part, he preferred the simpler approach of walking through the entrance, because if he was going to go where he was not welcome and take what was not his, then the least he could do was be sporting about it and look them in the eye as he lied to their face.

…Jaune wanted to say that this side of him had its roots in the company he kept, but no, it was him. Before the Li- of Lisa ever entered his life.

The reminder that that girl was not here to help him talk his way in further took the wind out of his sail. Sure, he could spin a fair yarn in his unbiased opinion, but convincing a brothel madame that he was there for a good time was an altogether different situation from convincing somebody to let him into their home; the Golden Cat wanted him inside it, him and his money. In the end, he and Kiwi decided that they would at least scope out the area before resorting to knocks on the door.

She kept insisting that he'd get shot. Because edgerunners that use the front doors tended to get shot.

"Good," Jaune said as he got out of the car. "We call that evidence."

Please shoot him.

"God, you solos…" Kiwi left him with that cryptic remark, and the two of them set out over the uneven ground.

Up a hill and through the bushes, the estate came into view. Squeezed in between tall trees that loomed high overhead to cast the entirety of it in shadows, the four-story building looked quite unimpressive at first glance despite its grand size. Stately yet neglected, its heyday belonging to an era passed. The paint had peeled in places, with cracks in the bricks here and there.

Jaune studied the area while crawling amid the shrubberies. A small farm plot behind the home had gone unharvested, the crops planted in the soil breaking containment to cover the manor grounds in their vines. Some manner of pumpkin that grew bigger than the usual, now trapping the expensive modern conveniences scattered about, like the snazzy BBQ grill with its eight burners, between their bulk.

"They were rich, once," said Kiwi, moving with her gaze fixed on the tablet screen in her hands.

Not moving well, mind you. He had to save her from falling twice already, catching her in his arms before her face could smash against the ground. Multitasking shenanigans like that might work on the city streets, but out here? Ha.

Unaware of her clumsiness and the careful watch Jaune had to maintain behind her, Kiwi continued. "The Griffin name used to get attached to a lot of the town's events, some of the charities. Less in recent decades."

"Coinciding with the mean turn in the pranks, perhaps?" he asked leadingly. Having found a good spot by a thick berry bush, he settled down with Kiwi hiding next to him.

She gave a small shake of her head. "No way to tell. Local newspaper must be a fan. It's all tongue-in-cheek puns about the friendly neighborhood ghost." Kiwi scoffed. "I think they're still hoping to make Poltergeist a national attraction."

"Hey now, they have a chance," Jaune said in defense of fellow small-towners, which earned him a tepid gaze from the woman. "Anyway, money could be a motive, then? 'I put everything into this town, now I'm poor, it's all your fault'?" He turned the thought over in his head. "Hmmm, doesn't quite fit. That James Griffin fella back at the diner seemed to be on good terms with everyone."

They needed a clearer picture, no two ways about it. He wished Lisa was here.

On a whim, he placed a call. It picked up, and he heard a "Mphslmrmm…" followed by snoring as the line cut out.

"That sure didn't work." His gaze combed over Griffin manor, lingering on each window as he willed his sight to pierce the gloom. If only it were so easy. "We know one member of the family is in town right now. What do his parents do? Are there grandparents in the picture? If nobody's home…"

"Wouldn't count on it. The father has a holding company registered with himself as owner. That's investments," she elaborated for his benefits. "The business is headquartered at this address. He likely works from home. The mother runs an online store, natural health remedies and the like. Again, probably working from home." A squint, and blue lights flashed from her eyes as she concentrated for a few seconds. "I do see devices connected to the wifi. Reference labels match with computers and phones. Not sure if they're in use at the moment, unless I can get a cable hooked into the system and detect the keystrokes."

"Just our luck," Jaune grumbled. "How are we supposed to snoop on people if they're always around? Empty houses are so much easier." He paused for a beat as it occurred to him how wrong that sounded. "Not that I'm in the habit of doing these things, you know?"

Kiwi grunted, which, with a woman who loved to make the little gestures pull their weight, could run the gamut between agreement and skepticism. It did not bolster his confidence that his point made it across to her.

"There's a daughter," Kiwi added. "I want to say she'd be in school…"

"Except half the people in this place don't seem to care, yeah," he completed in her stead. "It's very possible there is a holiday," he added as an afterthought.

He wouldn't know. This Earth celebrated Halloween and New Year, and something for December 25th. The similarities between worlds ended there, so far as he recalled from that one time he looked at a calendar. The point relevant to the situation was that they had two, maybe three, people who might be present on the premises. People who could hear and see, and call the sheriff deputy on a dashing intruder and his trusty assistant. There went their chances of sneaking in.

"Or maybe not," Jaune mused, before turning to Kiwi. "How about this? I'll go up to the front, ring that doorbell. When somebody opens the door, I can act as a distraction to draw people in. That gives you room to make a round of the house and peek in the windows to see if anything's up. What do you think?"

"You really want to get shot that much, huh?" Kiwi asked dryly.

Still, absent a better suggestion, Kiwi agreed to do her part. With more enthusiasm, though that was not saying much, after he reminded her that he could (and had) walked off bullets. She hurried to pass him the rest of her findings, and they split off in opposite directions with a mutual "Good luck."

He first returned to the driveway, seeking to allay suspicions. Standing up out in the open, he ambled along toward the house in unhurried strides, striving to pass for a visitor with no bad intentions.

The worn wood of the porch steps creaked beneath his boots to attest to the home's poor maintenance, threatening to snap under his weight. Yet, the signs of better times were there as they led up an entrance door tall and ornate, with figures carved into the wood. He spared a moment to make out the details. A man chased by a crowd, or chasing a crowd. A house amid trees, Griffin Manor at a guess. Further context to the various scenes, however, escaped him. It had too much going on, the artist trying too hard.

"Look at me, sounding like a proper critic," Jaune said to himself. He rang the doorbell.

"Be right there!" a voice from inside the house called out.

For its size, the door glided open in a surprisingly smooth motion, quiet as a whisper. From behind it emerged a tall, bearded man whose face lit up in a bright, if blank, smile as he took in the sight of his visitor. The man wore a beige sweater over a collared shirt along with slacks, the almost offensively nonaggressive ensemble bringing to Jaune's mind of well-to-do people sitting in a cafe, and he looked older than the forty three years that should be his age. Of course, that was viewing things from his world's standards, so Jaune couldn't rely on the impression.

"Hello," the man said, mild-mannered in tone and temperament. "What can I do for you?"

Herbert Griffin, was his name. Born and raised in this house all his life, according to the profile Kiwi put together. A successful man, if a person ignored how the money did not seem to reflect onto the various aspects of his life. A suspicious man, once one started to wonder about that fact. Most in Poltergeist assumed he was poorer than he let on.

Jaune's gaze flicked past the man for a moment, noting a warm and well-illuminated foyer whose condition looked miles better than the exterior of the house, before returning to the person in front of him.

He took the offered hand, shaking it firmly. "Mr. Griffin, wonderful to meet you. My name is Jaune Arc—"

"French?"

"Yes!" Jaune lied. "How'd you guess?"

Herbert Griffin let go of Jaune's hand, and leaned on the door frame. "The allusion is obvious, don't you think? Aha. An ancestor of mine also traveled throughout Europe before settling in America, and"—he cocked his chin, then ran the back of his fingers over the side of his face—"his journals spoke at length on the jawline shape of the French men."

"Oh." Jaune touched his own jaw, wondering if that was an actual thing. "Do the journals say anything about the women?" he ventured.

"Mostly about their bosoms," Griffin admitted with an embarrassed air. "What can I do for you?"

Now was the time to once again put his silver(ish) tongue to the test.

"Well, I've been talking to the deputy, and thought I'd make the rounds to all the neighbors to ask about recent happenings," he began, giving a casual shrug with his hands in his pockets. Just another everyday routine, he projected. "Do you have time to talk? It won't take long."

Yeah, right. He would stall for an hour, if that was what it took. These people were going to learn just how much a Valean boy can yap.

Recognition dawned for Griffin. "Ah, you'd be that monster hunter," he said with no caps. "The community page was all atwitter at the news. They didn't even know that was a real job!"

The grin that appeared on Griffin's face raised Jaune's hackles, for it was not the smile of a mild-mannered man. Herbert Griffin did not think much of the profession, and it showed.

"You know, I did hear mention that monster hunting suffered something of a dip in popularity," Jaune said. "I'm surprised that you seem aware of it, honestly."

Why do you know? he asked without asking.

Griffin broke out in a chuckle. "I imagine it did, with that they face. Still, our town's reputation attracted a few of your predecessors in their time. Twice during my life, as I recall. My great-grandfather wrote an amusing tale of one such event that was sadly never published. It was the darndest story… they thought he had something to do with it!"

Jaune joined the man in laughter. All the while, his thoughts turned and turned upon Griffin's words and tone. Was that a veiled confession? A challenge?

"Of course," Griffin said, suddenly sobering up, "what happened to those boys later on isn't nearly as funny. I don't think I've ever heard of the poltergeist being so angry."

…A warning?

"Don't worry, I'm tougher than I look," Jaune 'assured' Griffin. "My record is holding up pretty well so far. Your town is in good hands. So, about that interview?"

Griffin turned his eyes toward the sky as he pondered on the request. Not for long, as his smile returned.

"Why not? I have time. And you know what, it isn't in me to make a guest stand out in the cold." He stepped back and motioned for Jaune to follow him in. "Come along, Mr. Arc. A stranger is always welcomed in Griffin Manor."

What the heck, that was so nice of him!

Jaune scurried inside. Griffin made to close the door, but then stopped to peer out into the driveway.

"Is there anyone else with you? I thought they said you had a partner."

"She stayed back outside the woods to see the sights," he answered without batting an eye. "Lovely cornfields you have here in Iowa."

The door shut.

Nailed it.

Jaune swept his gaze over the foyer. It really was in better shape than the exterior, though dated in taste with the flowery wallpapers and the lamps. Then again, the carved wooden handrails to the grand staircase plus the plethora of portraits spoke of old money, which suggested that the antique feel was, in fact, earned. He imagined that this was what a nobleman's home would be like.

As Griffin guided him to a hallway branching off the side of the room, the portrait front and center at the top of the grand staircase landing drew his gaze to give him pause. He lingered for a bit, taking a step back to better observe it in full.

The portrait featured an armchair set to the backdrop of a fireplace… and only that. Of the subject of the painting, there was nobody there.

Jaune pointed. "Can I ask…?"

"Aha. I was counting the seconds for how long it would take you to comment on that," Griffin said, with some amusement. "My ancestor was a shy man who often found it easier to just not be seen. He commissioned the portrait, but never sat for it. Then, since he already paid the fee, he hung it up anyway."

Quite an eccentric tale, and one to tickle Jaune pink. The two made their way into the hall in a more jovial mood as Griffin regaled him further on the history of the family via the portraits and pictures. The Griffin family had many friends throughout the years whom they memorialized upon their walls, having formed something of a habit of taking in strangers and wanderers seeking a place to put down roots. The artwork attested to it, often putting the well-dressed Griffins (distinguished by their jawline shape) alongside shabby, hardbitten—sometimes injured—figures that in later pictures performed an about-face, full of smiles and dressed for better circumstances. As the man told it, the town of Poltergeist wouldn't be nearly as populous without their work.

"We're not like some families I could name who would terrorize the populace and wash it away with money. There is no us and the townies," the man explained. "What we have, we invest in the community."

A door off the hallway opened to a cozy den, with bookshelves lining the walls and a varnished wood desk polished to a shine. Still speaking, Griffin directed Jaune to a pair of armchairs with a familiar design, set on either side of a small table and in front of the very same fireplace as the amusing portrait without a subject, now roaring with flames to stave off the late autumn chill. The thick carpets swallowed the sound of their footsteps to make the tick-tock, tick-tock of the grandfather clock in the corner all the louder.

"My ancestor, why, he was persecuted most unjustly," said Griffin. "Chased out of every country he visited. So after arriving in America, he had a thought. It mattered not where a person came from, only where they were going. We all deserve a home." He offered Jaune the seat on the left. It was less worn and a little further from the fireplace, a chair for guests or for those who could not appreciate the comfort of a warm flame. The cold didn't bother Jaune much, so he took the offer with grace, flopping down on the cushion and sighing at the plush softness that greeted him. "Look at us now. A beekeeping industry that is the envy of the county. My wife, a growing name in homeopathy. Some of the finest athletes the state college ever admitted. My ancestor's vision proved its worth, I dare say."

Griffin looked around.

"Ah, but where are my manners? Let me get you a drink. It'd be just a minute!"

The man begged leave, vanishing out the door which closed behind him with a soft click.

A tick of the clock hand, and Jaune was up on his feet to search the room. The rudeness of it, to betray the trust of a host when he was a guest, chafed at his senses, but he could smell an opportunity when it was right in front of his face and was loath to pass it up. No matter how nice a person Griffin seemed to be. With one hand, he texted Kiwi.

Ok on your end? :Jaune​

Kiwi: Second floor window
was unlocked. I'm in.

Climbing? In those tight leather pants? Going above and beyond, this one.

Careful. Wife and daughter :Jaune
in the house. I couldn't get them here.​

A skim of the book spines on the shelves, and he moved on. There unfortunately hadn't been a convenient title like 'How to Summon Poltergeists' or 'Witchery Most Foul' to help him determine Griffin's involvement in the troubles of the town. With his boots dampened by the thick carpet, he paid less mind to care and sped across the room to the varnished wood desk. It should have been his first stop, now that he thought about it. Filled with personal information, and whatnot.

The laptop that sat at the center was open, a wavy icon of four squares bouncing around the screen. He nudged the mouse and that changed to a password prompt.

"Not my wheelhouse," he instantly decided.

Unless the password turned out to be 1234, he was out of luck on the hacking front. Maybe he'd get Kiwi in here later. Left with little recourse, he resorted to the more analog methods. His eyes roamed over the papers on the desk.

"Earnings, money signs, names of businesses. Nope." He began pulling out the drawers. "More of the same, stress balls, cigars…"

He stopped, hand on the handle of a drawer. Pushed it in, then pulled it out again. He listened to the rattling. It sounded different from the rest, clanking against another object.

His hand plunged into the drawer, rummaging along the roof to make out by feel a second compartment.

"Ooooh! A secret—" The drawer slammed shut on his fingers. "Ouch!"

The shout arose from surprise more than actual pain. Jaune yanked back his hand, and cradled it with the other.

His head whipped from side to side, seeing nothing and nobody. But he knew.

"Where are you?" he said. His eyes darted to the corners of the room. "How are you watching me?"

He was detecting something. Not by sight, or by sound. The scent of a perfume lingered in the room that he had not noticed before. A turn of his head, and it faded. Turn back, and it grew stronger. He zeroed in on an empty stretch of air, reaching out—

Footsteps resounded in the hallway. Jaune saw the door open, and had a split second to decide. Was Griffin guilty, or was he a bystander that Jaune had dragged into danger.

"Griffin!" he called out in warning.

The man poked his head inside. "What?" He entered with a tray balanced on one hand, and closed the door. "Is something wrong? And what are you doing over there?"

Jaune waited yet nothing tried to attack the man or barge out of the room, which spoke volumes. Griffin set the tray down on the table between the armchairs, and poured juice from a pitcher into two glasses, sending him a quizzical look the whole time.

"...You have an impressive book collection."

"Thank you?"

A brief lull passed where they simply stared at each other. Jaune then coughed into his hand and walked over to his chair, sitting down. His sword, he unstrapped and leaned next to his leg.

"I'm something of a collector of literary works myself," he revealed, lying through his teeth. "Your library is lovely."

Fact of the case #4: The culprit is in here with me.

Kiwi: !?!?

It's watching. Waiting :Jaune
I totally have it right
where I want it.​

Typing one-handed under the table. An indispensable skill for any person attending school.

Above the table, Jaune drank his juice.

"Mm. This is great, too. Did you make it yourself?"

"Oh my, yes. You can tell?"

The conversation continued in that vein, with innocuous remarks from both sides. Beneath the politeness, well, Jaune imagined that Griffin was probing for information with them, because that was what he was personally doing.

Did the man know more than he let on? What did he know, in that case? Was it all a red herring, born of wild assumptions? No deft hand at this game, Jaune got nowhere far. The biggest thing he learned was that the apples for the juice were locally sourced.

Their mind games, imagined or otherwise, ended as a loud clattering came from upstairs.

"!"

In a flash, Jaune was ready to go charging up there. Then he remembered that Kiwi should be on the second floor, and grew pale. His gaze alternated between the ceiling and Herbert Griffin.

"Uh, that's… That's probably nothing." / "Probably nothing."

The two men closed their mouths, and spent a few seconds squinting at one another. Jaune had a reason to dismiss the noise, but what was Griffin's excuse, he wanted to know. Ears craned to listen in on the happenings elsewhere in the house, they slowly sat back down.

Kiwi? :Jaune​

Kiwi: Everything is fine.

*crash* *bang*

Kiwi: Just fine.

"You are good at giving the runaround, Mr. Arc," Griffin said with a chuckle, gamely ignoring the smattering of dust drifting down from above.

He pointed at himself. "Am I?"

"Aha. See?"

No. No, he did not.

Griffin leaned forward, sharing a conspiratory grin. "But come now, you're a monster hunter. There are more interesting matters I could be hearing about, like the story of that woman over in Mystic."

"It was the police that arrested her," Jaune noted.

"Bah! People can read between the lines." Griffin waved his hand. "A monster hunter surfaces, and the police start making headlines all over the place? It takes basic pattern recognition." He offered up the pitcher of juice. "I don't suppose you'd be willing to give the inside scoop on your investigation in Poltergeist? In exchange for a refill of your glass, perhaps?"

The man knew how to strike a bargain. Jaune held out his glass at once.

As he gulped down the sweet drink, he summed up his findings in broad strokes. "For one thing, I believe there are a few of them working together rather than one powerful being. Impossible pranks then become very mundane at their core, like the way many of them can occur at the same time in different places."

"Truly?" Griffin asked, agog. "People always assumed it was one ghost."

Jaune shook his head, watching Griffin carefully over the rim of his glass. "It's not necessarily even a ghost. I've noticed that doors in Poltergeist have a habit of jamming at the most inconvenient times, but the problem could be overpowered by physical force. As if a person with moderate strength was on the other side pushing the door shut. I'm iffy on what the rules with ghosts are, but it appears, to me at least, that the prankster obeyed the law of physics."

It was a person, and guess what? Griffin was a person, too!

Yeah, no, not enough of a connection there. Damn.

Griffin rapped his fingers on the armchair. "Pardon me, but I find that unconvincing. A spirit in death might match the strength they had in life, it stands to reason."

"I hear you," Jaune said, nodding. His easy agreement seemed to take Griffin aback, the man cocking his head as he waited for Jaune to continue. "We have taps running. Waiters tripping over their feet. Animals mutilated. Cars that drive without a driver. Rocks on the highway. Stolen wallets. It's… very muddled." The culprit could do everything under the sun, and nothing great. Fantastical acts, until an ordinary person realized that they could do the same with a bit of ingenuity. How boring, for a ghost. Jaune laughed. "I'm ready to call it a witch and be done with it, to be frank with you."

He caught the expression on Herbert Griffin's face, and blinked.

"What? Not funny?"

"No, no," Griffin denied. "I was just surprised by some of the things you said. When put like that, I can see why the deputy might grow frustrated."

Jaune spread his hands, careful to not slosh the contents of the glass of juice. "Right?" He leaned forward in his chair. His voice dropped low, causing Griffin to likewise move closer. "Can I tell you a secret? I'm actually not that great of a detective, and I have no idea where to go from here."

That drew another laugh from the friendly host. "Not everyone can be Sherlock Holmes," Griffin commiserated.

"What I don't get," Jaune said, gesturing with the hand holding the glass. "What I really don't get, is the motive. Why is the poltergeist doing this?"

A rueful shake of his head, and Griffin replied. "It's a mystery to me, also. But I guess that's what happens when normal people like us try to wrap our heads around it. The matters of… that side… is sometimes best left alone."

A companionable silence fell over the room at that sentiment. Jaune sipped his drink, mirrored by Griffin. For a time, nothing was said between them.

Then, Jaune broke it. With a cutting gaze, and an almost casual tone.

"Normal, is it?"

"Excuse me?" Griffin turned his head, and was quick to notice Jaune's change in demeanor.

Jaune set his glass on the table, propping his hand under his chin. "Normal isn't accepting a poltergeist pulling pranks. Normal isn't being fine with it inside your house. It's here, you know. In this room." Jaune stopped for a second, and narrowed his eyes. "And yet, you don't look particularly worried at that news."

"I am, I assure you," Griffin retorted, setting his glass aside. "Forgive me for my shock, because…" The chair creaked under him as he shifted position, and Griffin let out a light huff. "You must admit you sprung that on me."

"Lisa swears by it," Jaune said, shrugging. He saw Griffin mouth the name in confusion, but he refused to elaborate on it. Lisa Wilbourn needed no explanation. "Drop a bomb, and watch how people react. That moment will say a lot about them. I was looking through your desk, and the poltergeist slammed the drawer on my hand." He lifted the aforementioned limb to show the man his war wound, earned in the crusade for the truth. (No marks remained, naturally.)

"You what?"

"And look, you still aren't focusing on the right thing. I'm the problem to you, not the monster."

"You just admitted you're robbing my house!"

"Whoa, let's not go too far," Jaune said. "You invited me in, and all I did was look. Now, about the poltergeist."

At this point, Griffin had turned an interesting shade of puce.

"We're done here. Get out, or I will call the deputy to make you get out," the man growled.

Jaune raised his hands in surrender. "Okay. Hey, I'm sorry. I meant no offense." Partly a lie, as he wouldn't use Tattletale tactics otherwise. There should be laws against it, he'd be the first to admit. "I enjoyed listening to your stories, by the way."

If he ever expected to assuage Griffin's ire with that in the first place, he would have been dead wrong. The man's hard gaze fixed on him as he fiddled with the strap for Crocea Mors, scowling as he seemed to spend longer than necessary on the task. More so, as Jaune ultimately did not rise and instead looked up to match Griffin with an even stare.

"Well?" Griffin demanded.

"A moment, please. I'm a Monster Hunter, as you know," Jaune said dully. He swung one leg up to let it rest over the opposite knee, the raised foot bouncing. "I've looked over the rules for that, and… The thing is, I don't need evidence. Not really."

He put his hands together, placing them on his leg and far away from his sword.

"I just have to know who did it."

The rules he referred to, insofar as they could be considered that, were simple. Monster Hunters were going to die. Pretty much all of them, and in horrible ways. It wasn't a profession for the unprepared, and hardly anybody was prepared for a wolf to the face while they had been talking to a man.

The ones that lived, their records spoke for themselves. Call it a perk of the job. Right up until it didn't and the mob turned on them, of course. Reputation was everything, out in the fringes where the law did not shine its light.

The question was, did Herbert Griffin believe in that. In the span of three heartbeats, Jaune found out.

"And who do you think did it?" asked Griffin. The fingers on his hand resembled claws for how they tightened on the armrest of his chair. "I assure you, I am but human."

Look at that. Conversation.

Gods, he had better not turn out to be wrong now.

None of his doubts showed on his face as Jaune answered. "Maybe so, but are your neighbors?" he inquired. "Your family has helped a lot of people in need over the years. Your wife was one, by the way the pictures tell it."

"My wife. Is not. A monster."

"Didn't say she was. But could she be… different?"

Someone was here with them. Perfume, in the air.

Griffin held his gaze for a long moment, enough for the uncomfortable situation to double, triple down in awkwardness. For a mild-mannered financial investor, the man could exert a surprising amount of pressure.

What laid at the end of this interminable wait, was a chuckle.

"You truly are following in that grand tradition," Griffin said, bringing his hands together in slow applause. "Suspicions, followed by accusations. And then it's a burning at the stake, never asking why you do what you do." The man scoffed. "Isn't that just the way of it."

"Burn? I've never burned anybody—oh wait, never mind. Ignore me." Jaune slapped a hand over his mouth.

Griffin scrunched his eyes shut, mumbling a count of ten.

"Hypothetically speaking, what do you know of those that share this world with humans?" the man asked, afterward.

With deliberate care, Jaune settled back against the armchair. "Not enough, but I'm all ears. Again, I like your stories. There's a word for them, isn't there?"

"So, you do know it." Griffin cocked an eyebrow. "You kept harping on about monsters, so I had thought… Wonders never cease." He released a sudden, derisive snort. "A word for them. That's an apt way to put it. Humans wanted to shove them in a corner, cast them out. Wear the label, and they'll forever be them, never with a chance to make something of their lives. Therein lies the trap, I feel."

The man picked up the pitcher of juice, and glared at it as if to will a stiffer drink into being. He set it down with disgust.

"That family line was at the heart of it, those seers. Telling everyone to reveal themselves to the baying hounds, saying how they must be proud of who they are. To hang a millstone around their necks and be glad for it."

Jaune frowned. "It isn't a crime." He should know. He walked upon the line, where he had to make the distinction.

"But is it a living?" Griffin shot back with venom. "Don't you think it would have been fair, to accept that some of those affected would have a different experience? Would have wanted a different solution?" A hand clenched into a fist, nails biting into skin. "Wouldn't it be better, if they could instead play by the same rules?"

To be like everyone else. Without the ears and the tails and the scales.

And all it would take, was to cut away the ears and the tails and the scales. At least, in a certain meaning. The pictures on the walls of Griffin Manor began to grow clearer, taking on colors. Somehow, they each seemed to bleed to gray.

"I… have heard that kind of idea brought up before," Jaune said. "In a place far from here."

If the world could be gray. If every heart could remain without colors. A calm, placid gray.

A hunger overtook Herbert Griffin. "How did that end?" he demanded.

"It hasn't. It merely changed shape, I think. But it isn't a kind thing, either way." Jaune ran a hand over his face, rubbing his temples. Events had skewed way off from where he thought they'd go today. He missed that big man-eating crocodile. "Are you one of them?"

No answer was forthcoming. Griffin pressed his lips together into a thin line.

"Why the pranks?" Jaune pushed. "If the goal was to blend in, why would the poltergeist make people angry and hurt them?"

"Why did that woman in Mystic live as she did?" Griffin spat out. "Hers is of a loathsome race, yet in the same breath I pity her lot. She did not ask for this life." In the flickering light of the fireplace, the colors on Herbert Griffin's face shifted from instant to instant, and his chest rose and fell to the tick-tock, tick-tock rhythm of the grandfather clock. "There is in us—all of us, you, me, and them—something that is true and honest, ugly as it may be. It must be hidden, yet yearns to break free. Hypothetically…"

The man licked his lips.

"Hypothetically, if I was the poltergeist, I would do it for the release," Griffin said, his voice slipping out as a whisper.

"Release?"

Griffin nodded. "To remember what it was like, in the time before I was born. When the shadows in the woods could be shadows."

"This is all getting very metaphorical—"

"I wanted to indulge! To be what I am! Can you understand that, or do I need to use smaller words!?" The house creaked and groaned around them. Jaune could not tell whether Griffin was the cause.

"...Hypothetically?"

"Yes, I was still speaking hypothetically."

The grimace on Griffin's face suggested otherwise. Jaune refrained from commenting on it. His head fell to lie against the backrest. His phone vibrated with an incoming message, but he left it alone for now as he chased the thread Griffin provided.

"A release, huh?" he pondered. "And if that's the general sentiment behind every person involved, I can imagine how it would have taken a turn. Just a few people, angrier than the others, listening to their own heart. Especially when there was nobody to take them to task." He looked at Griffin, quietly urging him to add onto the thought. As a matter of conjecture, obviously.

"I would never egg them on to do it," Griffin said, a touch too firmly. "But, the young, they have to live seeing more of the world than my generation ever did, through the screen of their phones. How others spend their lives, what their own could have been. And two hundred years… That's a tradition. It is their right. It's only fair. One of the only things they have. What would it make me, if I tell them they can't be themselves?"

As bad as the humans that forced them to hide, or those that made the decision to upend the status quo in their name. Or…

Jaune groaned, covering his face. "A teacher, for one. This place was literally Beacon without the professors?"

A hundred teens with Semblances, let loose with no oversight? That the town survived generation after generation of that was a miracle of restraint.

Still, as much as he resonated with the notion of no Goodwitch to make for a bad day, he had a job to do. "The situation has to change. You can't have it both ways, being a part of the community and then preying on them. Nothing pretty lies at the end of that, take it from me. Go back to how it was if you want, a lot of people seemed to enjoy the old times, but the banditry is a problem that is forcing the issue to a head."

Griffin opened his mouth.

"Yes, yes. Hypothetically," Jaune added before the man could say it, waving his hand dismissively. "No matter how hard it may be, someone has to put a stop to the worse stuff. Here, that's either a person within the group… or me."

He gestured with a flourish at the sword leaning on his chair, as emphasis. He was sure that this time, the point got across.

Griffin looked like he couldn't believe it, sitting with mouth agape. A tad worried, Jaune snapped his fingers in front of the man's face. It jolted him awake to action.

"You're serious."

"No, this is a thought experiment. Remember? But yes, if it somehow applies to reality, then I am happy with giving that choice. It's not like I need to stab somebody to call it a job well done. I want people to live in peace, that's it."

He dropped the leg that was resting on his knee. The metal edge of the boot hit the floor with a sharp clank that the carpet hardly muffled, as he sat up straight.

"On the other hand, we could go at it the traditional way," he offered, and jerked a thumb over his shoulder. "In which case, why don't you get the person behind me out of the room? Because I'll beat you up, but not your family. It's a line that keeps us from becoming monsters, don't you think?"

Ooh, there was the guilt. If Griffin had hoped to not give the game away, he should have kept his gaze steady.

"Of course, if they attack me with that vase floating above my head, then all bets are off."

A small smile flickered at the edge of Griffin's mouth, and Jaune knew he had him. The lines drawn in the sand were forming a picture, and the beginning of understanding. He hadn't come to this town with fire.

"Must we fight?" Griffin ventured.

Jaune flourished a hand. "Up to you."

"A drink is more my speed," the man admitted. The focus of his gaze shifted a bit to Jaune's right. "Sweetie?"

From that direction, Jaune heard a sound akin to something sucked through a tube. His head turned, and in the corner of his vision he caught the moment that the empty space beside him filled in with a full person. A girl with the same beige fashion sense as the man sitting in the other armchair. The daughter, then. Her bugged-out eyes stared at Jaune's face without seeming to blink, like he was a scary monster.

Because to her, he would be. Fuuuuuu—

Jaune poked his sword with the tip of his finger, popping it into his Pocket. He then smiled and waved, hoping to project a nonthreatening image.

If anything, that terrified Herbert's daughter even more. Which wasn't great, as when the door to the room flew open with a bang and Kiwi marched in with her hands up and a dozen floating knives aimed at her head, the person holding her hostage saw the stricken expression on the girl's face.

"Hurt her and I will kill this bitch!" shouted the woman, whom Jaune recognized as Herbert's wife from the family portraits.

Kiwi waved at Jaune with one of the hands she had up. "Hi."

The phone he left lying on the table vibrated, the screen lighting up.

Kiwi: I handled it.
Mystery solved.

"Fuck a duck," Herbert Griffin groaned, leaping to his feet as he motioned to Jaune for calm. "Can we talk about this?"

Jaune seized his collars in a flash, and cocked back a fist. "Put those knives down and we'll see."

One of the windows blew in, and a young man in a football jersey leapt through the opening.

"Dad!" The boy whirled on Jaune, outstretched hand wiggling strange patterns with its fingers. "Let him go, you bastard!"

"What's he, then?" Jaune asked the man in his grip, who vanished from view until Jaune shook him and he turned visible again. "Invisible or telekinetic?"

"Witch."

Jaune perked up. "No lie? Your son is a witch? Wait, what do we even call a witch boy, a wizard?"

"Still a witch," Griffin provided.

"Huh. Look at that, I learned something new. You know, there's this manual I'm trying to put together…"


-o-
​

"It's taken care of," Jaune declared. "Probably."

The sheriff deputy leveled a dubious stare at him. Next to him, Herbert Griffin piped up.

"I assure you, officer. Our young friend has the problem well in hand."

"It was poltergeists?"

"Yeah, let's go with that," Jaune said.

Griffin shot him a glare as the deputy contemplated the situation now that a respected voice of the community had added his opinion to the mix. The evening breeze with its chill soaking through to the skin hurried the process along, which was fortunate as it led the deputy to overlook the bandages wrapped around Herbert Griffin's abdomen where a recent stab wound had been healed. In the end, the deputy nodded and held out to Jaune a hand.

"It's not what I asked for, but it's more than I expected. A stupid prank here and there isn't so bad if nobody gets hurt. I'll give my buddy a call and you can have your bike back shortly."

Jaune winced. "Could you go back to the normal you?"

"What do you mean?" The deputy asked, frowning. "This is me."

"But you're not crabby."

"Keep talking smack like that and I'll throw you in a cell."

"Oh good, you're fine." He smoothed his chest, relieved.

He parted from the two men, who in turn left to go on their way. The deputy toward a group of concerned citizens that clamored for an answer, and Griffin to his family whose anxious faces peered out of the diner's window.

Jaune's last glimpse of that family, they seemed glad to see him go.

Unhurried strides carried him further down the road, where Kiwi stood waiting next to the van. The netrunner had had a rougher time of it in Griffin Manor from what he could piece together, not that she would admit it. She continued to regard the faces in the diner with suspicion.

"Loose threads have a habit of coming back to haunt a person," she later remarked, as they loaded her beloved bike onto the back of the van. "Normally, I'd recommend a clean break."

He was very leery of what she meant by that.

"The Griffin family is the closest thing they have to a leader. The 'poltergeists' will listen to them better than they would me," Jaune said. He passed Kiwi a couple of straps, helping her to secure the bike in place before the two of them climbed into the car seats.

"You think so?"

"They'll have to. Anyway, I could give a shot at rooting them out, but I can never be sure if I got them all, can I?"

Through the car window, his gaze roamed over the various groups of spectators that were peeking at them while trying to act like they weren't, and he guessed at how many of them were not what they appeared. Or were present, but he could not see. An impossible game as, to a one, they looked like people he would pass by on the street without a second glance.

A community hidden within a community, was the way he heard it explained. Blending in, living the same lives. That was the bargain struck, though one party never knew it. Where the troublemaking began, nobody had a definite answer for him. He suspected it came from the Griffin family itself. A dash of resentment combined with extraordinary powers, and the poltergeist was born.

"You can be a liar and a thief, but so long as you remember that we're all in it together, that we have to be there for each other, then you would have a place to call home. I think they've forgotten that."

The poltergeists were playing with fire, risking discovery with every prank. It was a matter of time until everything came to tears.

Maybe he was better off not knowing how this story ends.

He shifted gears, and pressed on the pedal. "They'll just have to figure it out for themselves."

And the van rumbled off into the sunset.


The Jaune Arc's Manual for Aspiring Monster Hunters


Entry #9: The invisible people
Attributes: Physical creature
A human in every way, only able to turn transparent at will.
Hunting behavior: Motivated by human wants. Completely undetectable by sight in invisible state. Employs ambush tactics and weaponry. Defaults to turning invisible as an escape method.
Habitat: Human dwellings
Identifiers:
1) Floating objects in the vicinity (their clothes turn with them, but not a flower vase? How does that work?)
2) Sounds and scents without sources
3) Blood regains color once separated
Optimal approach: stab with a sword


Entry #10: Telekinetic espers
Attributes: Physical creature
A human in every way, only able to move objects with their mind
Hunting behavior: Motivated by human wants. Employs objects in the environment as projectiles. Immobilizes victims in the air.
Stands still in combat (lol).
Habitat: Human dwellings
Identifiers:
1) Floating objects in the vicinity
2) Hand gesture (Habit, or necessity?)
3) Facial contortions (Use of power requires effort?)
Optimal approach: Work in progress, fight ended too quickly


Entry #11: Witches
Attributes: Physical creature
A human in every way, only able to commit foul witchery
Hunting behavior: Motivated by human wants. Employs objects in the environment as projectiles, but with magic. Immobilizes victims in the air, but with magic.
Stands still in combat (lol).
Habitat: Human dwellings
Identifiers:
1) Floating objects in the vicinity, but magically
2) Hand gestures
3) Glowing eyes
4) Biting own fingers to draw blood
5) Facial contortions (I believe this was entirely for effect, needs further confirmation)
Optimal approach: Work in progress, fight ended too quickly


Author's Notes: I could just write out the world's name for people to go look it up in a wiki, but show and don't tell and all that. When next we come back to the subject, perhaps it would be time to bring in a character from the setting.

There are chapters to other fics I want to write, so who knows how next week goes.
Last edited: Jul 23, 2026
Stories:
QQ Sneaking His Way into the Multiverse , a RWBY Jaune, WC-lite mechanics story.
Other RWBY stories on AO3 or FF - Yakuza Arc | Conquered Menagerie: Annals of the Sixth Kingdom | Cat, Bunny, and the Good Ship Honey Starbright | The Agent
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Amrynel, Riero, Amdiranifani and 297 others
LazyAutumnMoon
Jul 18, 2026
Add bookmark
View discussion
Prev  
1
2
3
4
  Next
Jump to new
Threadmarks
Index
Extras
View content
4 more messages…
Heliel43



Write your reply...
Empty

 Post reply
 
More options
Share:
Reddit
Pinterest
Tumblr
WhatsApp
Email
Link
Similar threads
AndrewJTalon
 [NSFW] [RWBY] Plan C (Yang/Jaune/Ruby)
AndrewJTalon Jul 31, 2026 Words: 3.4k jaune arc jaune arc/ruby jaune arc/yang xiao-long
Replies6
Views2K
Aug 16, 2026
Andy333
Andy333
HarderThanDefined
 [NSFW] Wreckers (RWBY)
HarderThanDefined Aug 15, 2026 Words: 39k anthology jaune arc porn
Replies16
Views7K
Aug 22, 2026
MagnificentMind
MagnificentMind
Nandor de Laurentiis
Thread watched
[NSFW] Somwhere To Be (Disco Elysium Jaune Arc.)
Nandor de Laurentiis Jul 15, 2026 Words: 15k 1 2 disco elysium fluff before smut jaune arc
Replies54
Views6K
Jul 21, 2026
glAssbOy
AndrewJTalon
[NSFW] [RWBY] Purity (Jaune Arc/Arslan Atlan)
AndrewJTalon Jan 30, 2026 Words: 2.8k arslan atlan jaune arc rwby
Replies8
Views2K
Jan 31, 2026
The Hero named Villain
The Hero named Villain
[NSFW] Winter is Coming (Invincible x RWBY)
eratas123 Jul 26, 2026 Words: 4.7k jaune arc rwby rwby au
Replies5
Views2K
Jul 26, 2026
Dust shaker
Dust shaker
Forums NSFW NSFW Creative Writing 
Style chooser
Contact usTerms and rulesPrivacy policyHelpRSS
Community platform by XenForo® © 2010-2024 XenForo Ltd. Design by: Pixel ExitQuestionable Questing
 
Forums 
What's new 
Members 
Heliel43
New posts 
Watched 
New threadmarks 
Mark forums read
Forums NSFW NSFW Creative Writing 
[NSFW] Sneaking His Way into the Multiverse (RWBY Jaune, WC-lite mechanics)
 Thread starterLazyAutumnMoon  Start dateJun 7, 2024  Tagsjaune arc lisa wilbourn multiverse rwby tattletale waifu catalog-ish world hopping worm
Prev  
1
2
3
4
 
Jump to new
Ignore
Unwatch

Thread Tools
Threadmarks
Index
Extras
View content
Threadmarks Chapter 90: The King and All His Men
View content
LazyAutumnMoon
LazyAutumnMoon
We all need Sundancer in our life.
JoinedJun 7, 2024
Messages289
Likes received68,284
Aug 1, 2026
Add bookmark
#8,866

Chapter 90: The King and All His Men
​


The peaceful mountains of New York had seen a lot of noise as of late, and the day after Jaune returned home was no different. Nothing woke up the mind and body quite like the sound of clashing swords, along with the sweat from a good workout.

A good workout, for him, involved a blade lancing for his throat.

To which, he stepped aside. Crocea Mors then whistled through the air, swatting the attack away with little effort. The flat of the blade served as a club with which Jaune smacked down the shield held by his opponent. He followed it up by planting a solid kick against Bennett's chest that was now left wide open. A cry, and the other blond boy went stumbling back with his arms windmilling.

"Stay light on your feet," Jaune advised. Rather than pressing the advantage, he paused in his tracks, twirling his sword in a lazy circle as he waited for Bennett to catch his balance. "There's a time to be a turtle and a time to be a rabbit."

Bennett, recovering, took a moment to consider that statement then tilted his head. "What does that mean, exactly?"

"Beats me. The person who trained with me, she used to say it in these situations." Of course, with him as the one getting his face bashed in. "I think it's about how you have to know when to be cool and watch what your opponent is doing, and when to go for a brutal all-out onslaught with no holds barred. Just like how turtles and rabbits behave in the wild."

"Boss, what kind of rabbits have you met?"

"They're not as innocent as they try to look, Bennett," Jaune insisted. He brandished his blade again. "Come on, one more time."

He advanced on his opponent, going slower than he would in a real fight with his movements predictable and the grip on his sword light. A spar, especially as the person teaching, wasn't about winning. That Pyrrha nevertheless whooped him in every single one came down to the difference in their abilities, rather than intent.

His sword somewhat mimicked the same set of actions as the previous engagement. First, a slice at the shins to make Bennett hop back and get him already thinking about dodging, changing to a stronger blow that hammered at Bennett's new shield to rattle his arm. Anti-magical properties or not, the Carian Shield functioned as nothing more than a chunk of metal against mundane, physical attacks. A reliable partner to those who wield it, if heavy. Its unfamiliar weight dragged Bennett's arm down.

Crocea Mors then rose high. It caught the light of the morning sun, glinting brightly.

Bennett had more than proven that he could perform a proper guard. Practiced well on how to dodge. The area that needed honing was his judgment, because appearances could be deceiving. A normal-looking boy like Jaune might hide a strength beyond mere arm muscles, a danger surpassing steel blades. Perhaps he could move mountains and fire laser cannonblasts. Some of the things waiting out there in the universe were just that unfair, and Jaune's usual approach to testing out an opponent by taking it on the chin was not for everybody.

In the case of Bennett, his eyes gave him away but it was a start. Jaune grinned, and his sword descended even as he watched Bennett dive aside, because it was important to play along and show a learning person what success looked like. The blade whiffed air to drive its tip into the dirt with a heavy thunk that smashed apart the ground in a small area, missing entirely. One would mistake Bennett for having won the Vytal Tournament, the way he cheered.

"Good!" Jaune praised. "Remember that a shield is just one option. You used to be a rabbit, I've taught you the habits of a turtle, now we're going to find that middle ground."

Down on one knee, the panting Bennett beamed. "Yes, boss!"

"Now, let's kick it up a notch."

"Wait, what?"

Jaune stomped the ground on an angle. Flames ignited under his heel, propelling him to the side in a flash. His other foot then kicked out, rockets firing to divert his momentum in a new direction. A final burst stopped him in place right in front of a Bennett woozy from trying to keep up with his quicksteps, where he lanced out with a boot.

Wham!

Bennett went flying end over end, hitting the ground with a loud cry.

Adrenaline receded, and Jaune lowered his foot. "Oh, uh, did I go too hard?"

"Why the chest again!?" groaned the prone Bennett, proving that he was just fine.

"Sorry. I've been picking up a few skills on my travels lately." ...And wanted to show them off.

He returned his shield to scabbard form, and stowed his sword to signal a reprieve in their bout. Walking over, he offered a hand and helped pull Bennett upright. The two boys dusted themselves off.

The glass door up on the raised deck overlooking the lake slid aside, and the person who had been watching them for a while now gave them a wave.

"Boys, it's time to eat. I ordered delivery!" Lisa called out.

Jaune called back, "No, it's training time. Get over here, Lisa."

One would have thought he laid down a death sentence. Lisa went from standing there smiling to vanishing through the doors in a split second, a fading "Screw thaaat!" following in her wake. Her quick escape rather demonstrated his point that the training had been good for her, not that she would ever admit to such. Her pesky superintuition powers had sussed out that the moment she acknowledged it, he would up the load as per the Nikos's Endless Training Hell (patent still pending) regimen.

"Damn, she got away," he said, looking at the door left open. "Oh, well. She'd be the one paying for it in the next session. I could use something to eat, anyway."

"Ooh, boss, are you gonna break out your smoothie stash? That stuff was great."

"Ask Kiwi. Unlike us, she literally lives on it. Alright, let's go have breakfast. Then, I'll take you to go hunt something."

There was no training like live practice. With big, sharp teeth.


-o-
​

"Are we there yet? My arms are so tiiiired!" a voice said.

"Quit your whining and keep pushing the car," said another.

A third chimed in. "Guys, maybe we can take a break. We've been at this for an hour."

"And it'll be hours yet. Now, push," the second one again ordered.

"I can switch out with someone to let them steer in ten minutes, as we have agreed. Steady on, chaps." And that made four, for a merry band.

Jaune cracked open an eye beneath the brim of a cheap baseball cap, squinting from the intense sunlight that the shade of a dead tree hardly quell. The couch that someone had thrown out on the side of the road was just as lumpy as when he first laid down on it for a nap, and he groaned as he sat up, massaging his shoulder. A water bottle, wonderfully cold, appeared in his hand which he gulped from with relish. Around him, a dry, arid landscape stretched on as far as the eyes could see.

A peek over the back of the couch allowed him a view of the road that cut through the desert. The busiest highway in the region, it received an average of two cars per hour. He had been informed that this was the peak season for travelers.

There had been a war, to be fair. They were signing an accord or something to formally end it this week, it was all over the radio. A soon to be peaceful world, he found himself in.

The affairs of the region, let alone kingdoms, had not much to do with the four young men currently pushing an unresponsive car along the road. Theirs was a more immediate concern of thirst, exhaustion, and other silent killers of life in the desert. One of them sat in the driver seat in order to steer, looking about to have a heatstroke, while the others burned their hands and shoulders on the hot metal of the convertible as they moved it step by step, also looking about to have a heatstroke. Little wonder, as they were to a one decked out in stylish black, a most ill-advised color for the locale.

Well, now. He couldn't just leave them there, could he?

Vaulting over the lumpy couch, Jaune waved his hand to catch their attention. "Hey! Need a little help there?" he offered.

The four young men whipped their heads his way, displaying a range of reactions. The two younger-looking ones (which was still about his age if not older by a few years) seemed happy for a distraction to give them a break. The man behind the steering wheel behaved in a more muted manner, pushing his glasses higher on the bridge of his nose as he turned in the seat. The big guy walking around with his shirt unbuttoned peered at Jaune with narrowing eyes.

Jaune spotted a flicker in that gaze, a quick glance to his hip and up again. Checking for a weapon, he would wager. He didn't mind it, as he had also clocked the very obvious slab of metal welded onto a handle propped on the backseat of the convertible, within the big man's reach, and the pair of handguns strapped to one of the younger guys, a skinny blond.

Said skinny blond scratched his head, then pointed at Jaune. "Hang on, where did you come from? We haven't seen anybody for hours. Did you just teleport in?" He spoke very fast, the words slightly blurring together in that excitable way Jaune often experienced with Nora.

"A good question," said the man in the driver seat. "Although I do believe our stranger here had employed a more mundane method than your imagination might suggest, Prompto."

While also a blond, the man's hair ran more to brown. The posh manner of speech put together with the well-fitted suit he had on lent him the impression of a rich person.

"Were you resting on that couch at your back?" this man asked.

Jaune nodded with a smile. "Got it in one. What's the problem with your car? Is it the engine?" He pointed ahead of them on the road. "There's a pit stop that way with a car shop. I came from there on a hunt and am going to head back there anyway, so I don't mind helping you out, if you like."

The four men shared looks, holding an entire conversation with just their eyes, their gestures, and a series of grunts. Manly grunts, Jaune imagined they would insist.

Finally, the big guy raised his voice as their representative. "I think we're good, pal."

Clearly, the conversation could have used actual vocabulary because that was not the conclusion some of the others thought they had arrived at. The skinny blond—Prompto, he believed it was—scrambled in front of the bigger man with his hands up.

"Gladiolus, my man. My brother from another mother. Let's think about this. The guy wants to help us, and I for one want to be helped. I say we welcome him with open arms."

"Need water? I have a few bottles," Jaune added, summoning them from under his poncho in a token attempt at making it look natural. His dimensional pocket kept the bottles in a preserved state, meaning that they remained as cold as when he first retrieved them from the fridge at the pit stop's supply store. Thus, everyone present took notice of the condensation on the bottles' surface, beads of water that promised an oh so refreshing sip.

The last among the four, the dour and sort of broody one, raised his hand. "He has my vote."

The person at the front gave a small laugh. "The man with the one vote has spoken. Come, Gladiolus. An extra pair of hands will end our ordeal all the sooner. Noct, time to take the steering wheel."

Gladiolus tched, still not quite convinced, but motioned for Jaune to step closer.

One by one, Jaune tossed the water bottles to each of the four. Prompto, whom Jaune suspected had a streak of hyperness, gulped the contents of his bottle down to the last drop before the rest even cracked open the caps for theirs, sighing in relief once done. The others chided him for it, although they visibly had to contain themselves from following in his example after their own first sip.

The one they called Noct had relocated to the driver seat by the time Jaune took position at the rear of the convertible. The person that replaced him there offered out a hand, and introduced himself as Jaune gripped it in a handshake.

"Ignis."

"Jaune."

The posh man indicated the others in turn. "And these luckless fellows you see before you are Gladiolus, Prompto, and Noctis." Sorry, but 'the big guy', 'the skinny blond', and 'mister broodypants' were what Jaune already filed them away as. "I really must thank you for the assistance. We were on something of a holiday, and wouldn't you believe it, not half a day from the city our ride gave out on us. The pit stop is ahead, you say?"

Jaune was in the middle of touching the car with the tips of his gloved fingers, testing out how hot the metal felt to the touch. Enough to cook eggs on, in this scorching desert heat. He could see why they had such trouble.

It was tolerable, though. His hands formed into fists, the less sensitive knuckles bracing on the car's trunk. The other young men got into position, with Ignis on his left, the big Gladiolus squeezed in on his right, and skinny Prompto on the far side. With a heave, the car began moving again.

"The place isn't far," Jaune confirmed. "Less than an hour from here." Ten minutes if he ran or flew, honestly.

"That would be the Hammerhead, then," said Ignis, to which Jaune nodded. "I suppose we may still call today a success. It was to be the first destination in our journey, albeit as a quick stop before we go on our way." His glasses glinted in the sunlight. "The owner would know us."

Jaune blinked, taken aback. "You're friends with cranky old Cid?" he asked with a touch of incredulity. The memory of getting bonked on the head for literally no reason late yesterday afternoon flashed back into his mind.

Gladiolus turned his head, suddenly interjecting, "You've met him?"

"Yes? I had to dodge a wrench." After the first one hit him, but let's not talk about his failures.

"Hm."

And now the big guy was sharing another glance with Ignis. What was that about?

Jaune did not get a chance to ask, as Gladiolus tapped a fist to his shoulder. "Forgot to mention this, but thanks for the help," the man said.

"...Sure thing."

They were odd people, all told. Not that he had room to talk.

For a few minutes, the convertible rolled along with little in the way of conversation. Grunts of effort filled the silence, inadequately. It got awkward fast, and Jaune spent much of that time pondering on how best to proceed.

"So," he finally said, settling on the question that burned brightest in his mind. "Are you guys, like, a boy band or something?"

Noctis, at the front, spluttered. "A boy band!?"

The others, meanwhile, broke out in guffaws. It seemed to be mostly at the expense of Noctis, whose vehement denials spewed forth in short order.

"Do we look like vapid pretty boys?" demanded the young man in the driver seat, tightening his grip on the steering wheel.

Let's see. Tight black pants. Fingerless gloves. Gelled hair. An androgynous face on your part…

"Not even a little," Jaune said, to the belief of nobody present.

"It's his face, isn't it?" Gladiolus said.

"No way!"

Ignis sent him a look, too perceptive by half. "Oh yes, it's the face. He is lying through his teeth," he informed his cohorts. "And no, the glasses aren't the reason I am smart."

"I didn't say anything."

"And yet, you said it all. You are either a master actor… or a true fool." Ignis chuckled. "I suppose that is as good an endorsement as any."

Jaune narrowed his eyes, because he was starting to smell something awfully fishy. "What's that mean, then?"

More shared glances, more silent convos he was not privy to. Ignis was the one to speak for the rest.

"We neglected to mention one detail about our band of vacationers." He nodded toward the front of the car, where Noctis sighed and turned in the seat to look back at them. The broody young man's face took on a different cast. Stern, and almost…

"Allow me to introduce," Ignis began, sweeping a hand out toward his friend, "the crown prince and heir to the throne of Lucis, Noctis Lucis Caelum."

If they thought he would be impressed, they were sorely disappointed. This made the third royalty he had met in his life, alongside little Emily Kaldwin and not-as-little Fischl of Immernachtreichs. He sure was going places.

Aaand that would explain several incongruities in these guys' actions, including why Prompto kept brushing his fingers over his handguns when he thought Jaune wasn't looking. Someone had been on lookout, prepared to shoot at the slightest sign of aggression against the royal personage. They as a group likely suspected him of being a bandit or an assassin until he brought up meeting the owner of Hammerhead station. All of a sudden, their close proximity spoke less of an easy sense of camaraderie, and more like them trying to box him in.

One realization sparked another, and Jaune whirled on the skinny blond. "Were you taste-testing that water for poison? Holy crap, dude!"

Prompto winced, doubly so as Noctis went all wide-eyed in shock. "Nature of the job," he said, shrugging.

"There is never a need for you to do that, Prompto," the prince insisted.

Jaune's concern lay with a different issue. "You drank the whole bottle! I'm pretty sure that's not how people do it!"

A sip, right? They took a sip and detected poison through the flavor, not chug it down and hope they wouldn't keel over dead.

Ignis raised a hand. "Lest you imagine us heartless, if I truly believed the water poisoned I would have stopped him. As the prince's retinue and personal friends, we look out for one another."

"And keep each other in check," Gladiolus added. "Prompto, get your hands back on that bumper!"

"Come on, he's doing fine on his own, Gladi-man!"

At that, Jaune looked down to discover he had been pushing the car on his own with just Gladiolus helping out. Even then, the big guy was trying to keep up with his pace rather than managing to add any real strength to it.

"Doesn't matter," said Gladiolus to his fellow… bodyguard? "Man's going out of his way to pitch in. We don't take advantage of that. Besides, this is good training," he asserted, to put an end to the matter.

"You sure?" Jaune asked. "Because I do have a method that would let us walk freely to the pit stop and still take the car along."

"…It's good training," Gladiolus repeated.

The desire to say blow it and just give up rang strong in his tone, but Jaune refrained from pointing it out in respect to a man's stubborn determination.

In this manner, they continued on down the road. From strangers to acquaintances, to perhaps friends. It took only a whim, and an offer of help.

Even if it was a lesson he already knew, he could learn from that. Again and again.


-o-
​

The Hammerhead pit stop carried everything that a traveler needed. A gas station, a supply store, a diner for good eats, a car shop, camping trailers where one could put up for the night, and, of course, a weapon merchant. Strangely enough, the most popular part of the place was the car shop with its headache-inducing din at all odd hours.

Prooobably because it had Cindy Aurum.

"Howdy, y'all… Goodness! What did you do to this poor thing!"

Sweet girl, if car-obsessed and already waist deep under the hood of the convertible Jaune brought in. Cindy Aurum wasn't one for chatting about swords or monsters like normal girls, but he had long grown inured to that quirk through his travels and didn't hold it against his acquaintance in the same way that she didn't give him grief over tuning out any talks about wheel tires and transmissions. They each stayed in their lane.

Noctis and his friends went gaga for her right off the bat.

"We did not!" Noctis protested.

Jaune pointed at the scene of Prompto hanging onto Cindy's every word with hearts in his eyes.

"Him, notwithstanding," Noctis amended.

"Yep. Let me talk business with her first, then you guys can go back to drooling over her."

He left Noctis to splutter, walking over to the crew's busted car. He did not check out Cindy's long and tanned legs, nor her shapely rear in her jeans shorts as she bent over with one foot kicked up to fiddle with the car's internals. Certainly not. The princely cries of "Hypocrite!" and "You're as bad as the rest of us!" washed off him like rain.

"Cindy," he called out to get her attention. "Your request is done."

In a flash, Cindy Aurum stood in front of him, wiping grease stains off on a towel that hung from her hips. There was already some stuck on her short blonde hair to promise more to follow throughout the day, and she grumbled over it for a second before a sunny demeanor returned to her face.

"Didja find the part?" she asked with a twang to her voice, her body almost vibrating as she leaned in. Pretty green eyes blinked innocently at him.

Once again, his poncho performed its function as a magic show prop, letting him pull an entire car muffler and exhaust out of its depths. That drew a bit of shock from the peanut gallery, but he had learned that the best way to avoid pointed questions was to gamely forge on, and so passed the part over to its new owner who gushed like he had given her a whole bouquet of flowers.

"Holy Chocobos!" Cindy yelped. No, he didn't understand what that meant, but he breathed a little easier as Cindy stepped back. "It exists! It really exists, the legendary… You didn't just rip 'er right out of the car, didja?"

"Of course not," Jaune lied. The woman gave him a flat stare. "So, about my payment?"

Whilst in deep suspicion, Cindy fished inside the pockets of her jeans shorts to pull out out a stack of bills that by all rights shouldn't have fit in there and made Jaune wonder if she had a dimensional hole of her own. As the first person he talked to in this world, the woman had through her many retrieval requests turned out to be one of his best sources for funds over the last day, funds he intended to promptly spend over at the weapon trucks—they were like food trucks, but with more stabby swords.

Before relinquishing the money, Cindy glanced around with a frown. "Whatever happened to Bennett? Shouldn't the lil' fella be with you?"

"I sent him off to get more of those Mesmenir unicorn-things that Takka wanted while I went to hunt the Dualhorns. That cook's shopping list is getting a bit ridiculous, if I'm being honest with you." He noticed the look on Cindy's face. "What?"

"You made that poor boy go out into the desert alone!?"

"Who do you take me for? I would never. I have Escha watching over him."

"A cat," Cindy deadpanned.

"A very smart cat," he corrected.

Cindy threw her hands in the air, which did interesting things when one was wearing a bikini top. "I can't believe you." The woman slapped the money into his palm. "I swear, if a single hair on that sweetie's head is hurt, I will give you such a talking to."

"He'll be fiiiine," Jaune flipped through the stack of bills, making a show of being able to calculate the sum from just a glance. (He couldn't, and would take it on trust.) "Anyway, do you have more jobs for me?"

"I ain't got no right sayin' this, but maybe you should slow down. All work and no play is no way to live." Cindy watched him for a second, then shrugged. "Suit yourself, though. This isn't really a job so much as a tip. You remember that hunter you found for me last night?"

"How is he now?"

"He's awake, just… not all there. Gets real scared at every lil' noise, and you should've seen him freak out this morning when he saw Escha outside his window. Funny thing is, he keeps circlin' back to how he regrets ever using 'that damn store'. Could be a black market's gone up around these parts."

Jaune looked out over the miles and miles of nothing, then back at Cindy. Cindy planted her hands on her hips.

"Now what exactly are you tryin' to imply, mister?"

A tumbleweed rolled through the space between them, borne on a lonely breeze. It rather proved his point.

Black markets needed customers to begin with, the demand to the supply. Otherwise, it was just a bunch of ne'er-do-wells twirling their mustaches while sitting around jobless. Still, it could be a lead worth checking out if only to satisfy his curiosity. The site where he found the hunter with one foot in the grave had contained an awful lot of blood along with a slew of dead wildlife, none of which seemed the right size to have done it to the man or each other. There was a story there.

Rather than mentioning his half-thoughts and suppositions to Cindy Aurum, he put up his hands in surrender.

"Yeah, that's what I thought," said Cindy in good humor, shooing him away.

As the woman turned to speak with the prince and his entourage, who were totally not posing like a boy band all this time, Jaune threw the group a lazy salute over his shoulder and took his leave. He beat a beeline for the two trucks sitting nearby in the parking lot, whose open doors at the back displayed a range of sharp implements and firearms. The people and vehicles there were unfamiliar to him, not those he dealt with the last time he swung by. He considered that a good thing, as he could hope for new stock.

The whole stay here had been rather odd. He was making money with which he bought weaponry to later sell, all of it done in an absolutely legal and mostly drama-free fashion, even if for small sums compared to some of the paydays he had. An honest living, he could almost say.

With permission from the vendors, he perused the wares on display with a close eye, often running a finger over the blade or testing the grip of a gun. None were what he would call legendary treasures, given the multiple copies hanging on the racks. But in a world teeming with hostile creatures in the day and daemons roaming in the night, travelers on the road expected quality arms as a matter of course. Swords, spears, guns, and more rolled out of factories with each passing hour, offered in shops across the world. Weapon merchants on the move filled the supply niche outside the cities, selling at rest stops like Hammerhead station. It made for a big industry with profits galore, plus a bottom-line guarantee: a brand that cheaped out was a brand with all its customers dead and unable to buy the season's hottest new lineup.

"A Storm Lance? I haven't seen one of these before," Jaune mused, and he read the accompanying placard to the ornate, techy-looking spear. "Oooh, and it sends out a shock when I stab?"

"For the hungry hunter that wants to tenderize the meat before the prey's even dead," the weapon seller advertised.

Jaune shoved a fistful of paper bills at the vendor. "Shut up and take my money."

A wonderful purchase, in his opinion. The level of manufacturing here appealed to him, proper arms forged with modern techniques. Zappy diodes and flame ignition systems created a mirror, or perhaps a different branch, to the Remnant mechashift, with simple but solid attachments that provided a number of effects to better kill a ravening monster dead. His only complaint was that he couldn't commission a custom order to retrofit his gear. In the same way that a black market operated best with a healthy population, a weaponsmith surely wasn't something he would find just chilling out in the vicinity of a roadside pit stop.

"It'll cost how much?" someone cried.

The sheer disbelief in those shouted words momentarily drew Jaune's attention back to the not-boy band and their conversation with Cindy Aurum. The pair of glasses that Ignis wore had slipped down to the tip of his nose, and threatened to fall off altogether as he stared at the estimate sheet in his hand. His companions, crowded around to peek over his shoulder, likewise blanched at the number on the paper.

"Yeah, you boys did a number on that beaut," Cindy said, shaking her head. "Still, it shouldn't be too steep a price for a royal prince… or maybe not," she amended as their expressions registered to her.

Ignis coughed into his hand, and drew himself up to regain some of his dignified bearing. "My apologies. this trip was meant as something of a… a learning experience for our prince. I don't suppose we can work out an alternative arrangement?"

In other words, they didn't bring enough money and now faced bankruptcy within a day of leaving home. Man, did that feel familiar.

Cindy pondered that, tapping a finger to her chin. "An alternative arrangement, huh? That's a great idea!"

Everybody perked up.

"Oh shoot, but I ain't sure if we got anythin' left for you to do. Somebody else stopped on by and took care of all that, hahaha…"

And now, despair again.

"Who is this job-hogging bastard?" demanded Gladiolus.

Me.

Prompto punched the air. "They should have left some for the rest of us! Everybody has to eat! If I ever meet this person, I'm letting them have it!"

It was me, Jaune Arc.

"Jaune, can you believe this!?" Noctis said, happening to notice his gaze.

He nodded at once, pulling together an outraged mien. "Yeah, totally!"

Once the prince turned away, Jaune frantically tried to catch Cindy's eyes. He made shushing motions at her behind the group, to which the mechanic mimed zipping her lips in understanding.

In every universe, the fight for the daily bread was a cruel and bloody affair.


Universe: Final Fantasy. Location: Leide Region Desert
Event: The Start of the Journey
​


Author's Notes: Rather than helping the heroes, Jaune completed the tutorial stage in their stead to leave them starting out with no XP and gold.

What could possibly be his solution for them?
A. Offer money then and there to the pauper prince
B. Cast the magic of compound interest by extending them a loan
C. Convince them to take on a hard-mode mission wildly beyond their level
D. Ignore them with a smile and go on his way
Last edited: Aug 10, 2026
Stories:
QQ Sneaking His Way into the Multiverse , a RWBY Jaune, WC-lite mechanics story.
Other RWBY stories on AO3 or FF - Yakuza Arc | Conquered Menagerie: Annals of the Sixth Kingdom | Cat, Bunny, and the Good Ship Honey Starbright | The Agent
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Amrynel, Khellendrosiic, Loserisme27 and 321 others
LazyAutumnMoon
Aug 1, 2026
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 91: Embarking Upon a Quest
View content
LazyAutumnMoon
LazyAutumnMoon
We all need Sundancer in our life.
JoinedJun 7, 2024
Messages289
Likes received68,284
Aug 8, 2026
Add bookmark
#8,964

Chapter 91: Embarking Upon a Quest
​

Crown prince Noctis and his retinue, given little recourse, wandered after Jaune to his next destination. What would they find, these brave men knew not. Yet, they sallied forth nevertheless, crossing westward from Cindy's garage over the burning pavements of the parking lot, past the mini-mart with its beguiling and resplendent treasures sold at affordable prices for people not stranded in the desert, to…

A diner.

Takka's Pit Stop, the sign emblazoned above the building proclaimed. In Jaune's opinion, the best place to eat at the Hammerhead service station, and that would remain true even if it weren't the only place to eat at the Hammerhead service station. Was he being a little biased there? Maybe so. Food that he had a hand in making tasted just too good.

He hadn't been touching the cookingware, no. Although, his job did involve a little knifework.

"There's my star part-timer!" a voice called out at the moment he strode inside. "Where's your little brother at? And your kitty cat? I have a bottle of milk for her shipped in express that is just… muah!"

Jaune raised a hand in greeting to the man behind the counter. "Takka, hey. Bennett and Escha will be back with the Mesmenir meat soon, but I got those Dualhorns you wanted."

Unicorns and rhinos, by another name. Places where he would be able to enjoy meals of that caliber could be counted on one hand with fingers to spare, and the feeling of getting to eat something he hunted by his own efforts was positively divine. Little wonder, that he had been coming back here for breakfast, lunch, and dinner since yesterday.

Well, that was a part of it. Beyond the food, something about the diner hit just right. The selfsame namesake of the restaurant was one, the wiry man in a cooking apron sporting a ready smile for any person that walked through those doors. It also had to do with all the chrome, and the red and white color scheme. With the booths by the windows and the arcade machines by the back wall. With the long, curved counter set center stage that left plenty of floor space both for the cook to work with and for the customers to move about.

A jukebox had to be in the picture. Spare a glance to a nook by the entrance and lo, there it sat. Even without inserting a coin, he could already hear in his head a classic, nostalgic tune that this world had never known.

Ignis Scientia poked his head out from behind him, dispelling the wonderful reverie with a reminder that he was far from home.

"Part-timer?" the man said, and adjusted his glasses.

Welp, the jig was up. He had a good run, all five minutes of it.

"Takka and I have something of an arrangement," he said, keeping it vague. Some—and by some, he pretty much just meant Lisa—call it the key to deception. "I've mentioned when I met you that I was on a hunt, didn't I? This man here has a shopping list a mile long."

He left it at that, on the possibility of work which would surely help these four men dig themselves out of the hole they had fallen into. And Ignis took that bait in a heartbeat, rushing to the counter along with his prince and colleagues where they struck up conversation with the cook. Thus, Jaune was left free to take a step back and to the side, out of view, sidling inch by inch across the floor to a door at the back of the diner, next to the arcade machines.

That door opened to a sizable cold room where Takka kept his supplies, among them the animal carcasses that Jaune brought back on previous hunts. They had been rendered into slabs of meat now hanging on hooks, with a bison creature in the middle of being butchered laying on a metal table.

An off-putting sight, that. Yet, Jaune barely blinked. He stepped inside without hesitation and looked around, eventually settling his gaze on an empty stretch of floor.

"Here is fine, right?" he said to himself.

A wave of his hand, and suddenly the room did not seem so big anymore. Two massive beasts flopped to the ground in a heap, hitting the hard concrete with a thump that rattled the shelves and made the hooked slabs of meat swing back and forth. The first specimen had died in a rather messy manner with one of its twin horns cleaved off and the skull bashed in, but the other bore a clean stab at the base of the throat. That second move had risked him a painful trampling, paying off with a simple method to fell the rhino that bypassed its thick skullbone while preserving the state of the body. And now, Takka the cook had enough rhino to feed a village.

Jaune spent some time looking over the carcasses, which was just good practice before handing something off. He had learned that the hard way on his first job for Takka, with one of the game birds he brought back turning out to be sick. So, impatient nature or not, only once he confirmed one final time that there were no issues with the rhinos did he retreat from the cold room.

He emerged to the scene of a massacre.

…The mood of one, anyway. Four young men were in various states of despair, slumped on the counter, the tables, and in Prompto's case laid out flat on the floor.

"It's over," said the skinny blond. "Wrap it up, dudes. Cold harsh world - one, mighty Crownsguard - zero. Somebody call the city to rescue us. Oh, wait, better idea. We torch the car and make a smoke signal."

"That car belonged to the king, so no," said Ignis by the counter. The man was massaging his temples, his demeanor gray. "But you do present a valid option standing before us. What say you, Noct? Care to call it a day?"

Noctis, draped over a booth's table, raised his head. "We'll be laughingstocks, so no," he said, mimicking the same dry tone used by Ignis.

The joke was not quite a joke when spoken by a prince, it seemed. Jaune had the curious experience of watching three different men, without a prior signal and not even looking at one another, smoothly rose from where they were to gather round the diner booth occupied by their fourth member. It was almost eerie, how they moved in sync. And from the bits he caught before their conversation faded out of hearing, they were, despite their despondent air, discussing with all due seriousness the alternate ways to fund their trip as if it were the only course they could take.

For an answer to what had gone down in his absence, Jaune turned to the only other person in the room.

"You had no jobs for them?" he asked Takka, who was busy at the cooking stoves. "Not even one?"

The cook looked away from his task. "I reckon I might not have any for you, either. You're catching them quicker than I can keep up, kid." Burger patties flipped in the air, entirely for performative reasons so far as Jaune could tell. "It's a good problem to have. But inspiration comes on its own time, know what I mean? I'm still experimenting with the sauce that'd go on the cactuar."

"That's… the bird?" he asked, brows furrowed. The names of the species here could be so unintuitive.

"Nah. The cactus."

He snapped his fingers, sounding a crisp click. "The cactus. Right, I remember now."

That had been a surreal experience, chasing a living cactus across the desert. Little bastards were fast. Escha was still picking needles out of her fur hours later.

In the middle of reminiscing, he idly noted Takka stepping back from the stove and pulling a sanitary glove off his hand in order to reach into a pocket. From it, the man withdrew a sheaf of printed paper bills, which he brought over to slap on the counter. Gils, they called it here. The filthy lucre for which the likes of Jaune traipsed around this dusty bowl.

"Before it slips my mind, here's your payment," said Takka. "Four thousand Gils. I added a little extra since it's gonna be the last request from me for a while. Don't spend it all at once, you hear?"

Fat chance of that. More weapons! ...Plus maybe some souvenirs for everyone.

That said, Jaune had to point out the obvious.

"Hang on a minute, the others aren't back yet. We're only half done with the job!"

Takka waved him off.

"I know you're good for it," was his easy reply as he returned to cooking. On a tray, the meal began to take shape with the thick burger patties landing on sesame-seeded buns, followed by a thin—very, very thin—layer of lettuce and tomato because the tender, sizzling Garula bison meat was supposed to be the star of the show. To finish it off, a basket of golden fries provided accompaniment to the dish. "Now, while you're here, you mind carrying this over to those boys?"

Touched as he was by the trust his man showed him after a single day, Jaune raised a hand to stop Takka in his tracks. "I might have worked for you but I'm not your waiter, you know."

"Please?"

"I mean, since you said the magic word…"

"Knew there was a reason I like you."

Takka hurried over to a big pot sitting on the stove, lifting the lid to reveal the bubbling surface of a chili con carne. With a ladle, the cook scooped out five big bowls of the spicy stew chock-full of peppers, beans, and what Jaune believed to be ground Anak meat—giraffes, were the closest analogue he had for the creatures. Four of the bowls went on the same tray as the burgers, with the fifth placed on the counter.

"For my star part-timer," said Takka, making finger guns. "You've been a sunny breeze in these parts, Jaune. Like we had another Cindy around. I'll put a few sandwiches out for you in a bit."

Honest work and free food. He was going to miss this place.

Jaune lifted the laden tray on one hand, balancing the thing like how he remembered waiters always did it. He somewhat lacked the elegance to really make it look good, but the light weight of the tray worked in his favor so that he at least seemed like he knew what he was doing. Crossing the diner floor, he approached the group by the window, all of whom lifted their heads as their meal hit the table with a clatter of plates.

Three of the four stared in listless silence at the food, but Ignis took charge. After sparing a moment to fix his suit jacket, he quickly set to divvying up their lunch. A burger and a bowl of chili found their way in front of each member.

"Well, gentlemen," said Ignis once done. "Our last meal. Make it count, everyone."

Just how broke were they, Jaune wondered. A glum chorus of yays answered the man, following which the group began to pick at the food. Never had the diner met such a sad and sorry bunch.

He was not heartless, and so Jaune leaned against the booth and nudged Ignis on the shoulder. Once the man turned his way, Jaune gave him an encouraging smile.

"Hey now, there's no point in getting so down," he chided. One of his arms swept out in a grand gesture. "When has it ever helped? Sure, some things in life might not be going your way. It might seem pretty bad, or- or make you mad. But you know what always cheers me up? To look on the bright side of life, that it will all turn out for the best—"

"My sincere apologies, but could you take that feel-good pep talk to the next booth over? We would like to brood in a proper mood."

And they said they weren't a boy band, the divas.

Dramatics aside, the piping hot bowls of chili soon warmed the young men to the cockles of their frosty hearts. Except for prince Noctis, whose aversion to beans as foodstuff became quite apparent in the following few minutes. On the other hand, the juicy burgers more than suited the prince's tastes, delectably spiced with fresh herbs and wild onions. The way the group praised the meal to high heaven lent the impression that they never ate anything so good.

Not an untrue sentiment, as it turned out. Living in proximity to the royal family meant that they had the chance to enjoy all sorts of fancy delicacies, but as far as mundane dishes go, Ignis—the cook among them—ascribed the excellent taste of the diner's food to the wider availability of ingredients beyond the city wall. That didn't mean much to Jaune, lacking context of this world, but as he scooped up spoonfuls of chili and chatted with the group, he learned a bit more about the situation through his guise as a traveler from a faraway land. His dining companions offered a unique insight into the subject given their status, and they never suspected a thing about all his questions.

"A 'faraway land'?" asked Gladiolus.

"Uh-huh."

"Uh-huh," the bodyguard echoed.

As they then tell it, the Kingdom of Lucis once spanned the continent, sea to shining sea. The war with the Nilfheim Empire—a war that lasted for a length of time Jaune could scarcely believe, centuries now—had seen the territories slipping away one by one. A particularly harsh series of battles from thirty years ago reduced them to a single megacity dug in behind an impenetrable wall, isolated from the outside world. Within, life went on, sometimes almost normal before a reminder of what they had given up rear its head in the mild tastes of a dish or the music of an artist long lost to the conflict. The towns and settlements that were left out in the cold survived by staying quiet, offending neither empire nor kingdom, and for them any given decade was a coin flip between war and peace.

The empire suing for a treaty-signing that would end it all had opened the dam to a new era of hope. This trip taken by the crown prince Noctis was, in a way, a part of that. A chance to see the world, and how it had changed. What it could be again.

That the four men busted up their car had kind of put a damper on those lofty goals, though. The silly goofs.

"Is that why Cindy is charging you so much?" Jaune asked at the end of the tale, to crestfallen nods. "Because she hates you?"

The nodding stopped, and Noctis balked. "What? No! How is that what you got out of this? The repairs cost a lot because the parts aren't common outside of the city."

"Isolation has worked against us here," Ignis agreed. "Goods rarely flow across the borders. Whatever does will carry a premium. It has little to do with personal feelings."

"Cindy's cool with us, right?" Prompto urgently asked. "Right?"

The matter of Cindy's affection or lack thereof must, regrettably, remain a mystery as not one person present in the diner could answer it in a definitive way. Contrary to her bright disposition, that young woman kept many things close to her chest, chief of which was her heart. Cars were perhaps the one method by which a person could enter her good graces.

Jaune wouldn't know. His best trick with a vehicle was to crash it in an aesthetically satisfying yet survivable fashion. And going by his previous experience with a cute blonde-haired, green-eyed girl, his best advice on how to get her pants off, speaking entirely as a hypothetical, involved dozing in a body of water with his own pants off.

That bit got him a lot of weird looks from the others.

"It just works," he insisted, to the belief of no one there.

The fruitless discussion went back and forth for a while. In the end, it was tabled for later as the assembled men found new figures appearing at the diner's entrance. Brave knights, here to bolster their ranks.

"That's the biggest cat I've ever seen!" Prompto practically squealed. Camera in hand, he tried to out-muscle Gladiolus in order to get out of the booth, a losing proposition from the start. The bigger man shoved him back in his seat without looking, distracted by the scene at the door.

Opposite them, Ignis took off his glasses to wipe at the lens with a handkerchief before putting them on again. "Is it… Is it dragging back its kill?" he asked.

The incredulous tone might have to do with the sight of Escha on all fours, wiggling her way backward into the diner with her mouth clamped around the long, spindly leg of a horse-like creature. The thing measured many times her size, the impossibility of her moving it for any distance alleviated but far from eliminated, at least to the unwitting gaze, by a cart cobbled together from branches and car wheels set beneath her slain prey.

Halfway in, the long horn atop the horse halted Escha's progress as it caught on the door frame. The shape was reminiscent of a curved sword, and the length of one. Far too unwieldy when transported in such a haphazard manner. She tugged and she tugged, and it just wouldn't give.

"Mrow!" she groaned in dismay around her clenching teeth, and the weakest of hearts among them stood no chance, with Takka the cook falling on his knees with a hand clutching his chest and Prompto squeeee-ing like a little kid.

Aid arrived for Escha in the form of Bennett, who from outside the restaurant adjusted the bladed horn of the unicorn to fit through the entranceway, letting Escha resume dragging the carcass inside. The boy followed after his senior hunter with a unicorn of his own partly slung over a shoulder, the hind legs scraping the floor. Both his and Escha's expressions lit up as they spotted Jaune already there in the diner.

"And that's a wrap for the hunt. Good job, you two," Jaune said, applauding as he walked over to them. Escha let go of her quarry to bounce into his arms, where she nuzzled against his cheek. "Any trouble out there?"

Escha went to answer, but held back as she recalled that there were other people in the room. Bennett replied in her stead.

"None, boss. Escha herded these two away from the rest of them and right at me. It was smooth sailing after that."

"They ran over him," Escha said in a low whisper so only he could hear. "And then they turned around and did it again."

That would explain the rough and tumble state Bennett was in, and all the hoof marks. His body itself seemed fine, however, with Bennett standing tall, back straight. Proud to have hunted without Jaune's help. Praise me, praise me, his demeanor all but shouted. Rather than picking apart the details right then, Jaune decided that a thump on the boy's back would cover most everything that needed to be said. Bennett's beaming smile told him it was the right answer.

Carrying Escha in one arm, he yanked Bennett along with the other hand. A signal to Takka got him cooking up more food, and in the meantime his sandwiches ended up in front of Bennett while he scooped up some chili from his bowl to share with the cat.

To the curious onlookers, he explained. "These two are traveling with me. Escha is the cat, and this here is Bennett." He then introduced the crown prince and his retinue to his companions as a quick aside. "Make friends, alright? I'll go put away the dead horses."

He accounted for a bit of awkwardness in his absence. He came back to find that Bennett had ended up squeezed into the dining booth with Prompto's arm thrown around his shoulder and Noctis passing him a potato fry like they were best friends.

Why is he more popular with them than me!?

With no space at the table, he returned to standing while leaning on the booth. Escha hopped up next to him, reporting in his ear of their hunt in between stealing bites of his chili. Listening to her, the lessons he taught Bennett seemed to have been applied well with the occasional mishap more due to clumsiness than a bad decision. A good result, all around.

More food arrived for Escha and Bennett, the latter all too happy to share them with the other people at the table as he recounted his experience facing down a charging unicorn. His storytelling could use work, too honest and missing the embellishments that'd make him look good. N-Not that Jaune was in the habit of doing that.

As the story got to the point where a unicorn hooked its horn behind Bennett's collar and threw him in the air for the third time, Jaune noticed that Ignis was trying to meet his gaze. Once their eyes locked, the other man slightly jerked his head to indicate a spot away from the table. A request to speak, Jaune understood it as.

He peeled off from the group, careful to not disturb the ongoing conversation. Ignis soon joined him, his exit just as smooth. A brief lull ensued as the suited man collected his thoughts, where they both continued to listen to Bennett's retelling.

After about a minute, Ignis spoke.

"You seem like a man well put together." The sky did not fall, the world continued to turn, and the vehement denial of Lisa Wilbourn failed to pierce the veil of space and time. "We have imposed on you more than I'd like, but circumstances being what they are… Might you have a suggestion for how we can solve our predicament? Chocobos won't get us to our destination, no matter what Prompto says."

So, Chocobos could move. The mystery deepened even as it grew clearer.

Jaune held his chin, thinking on what he should do. Lisa would be giving him an earful right now about letting people take advantage of him, but they weren't, not really. He could always say no to them.

Which meant he never would.

"It's not like I don't have any ideas…" His gaze trailed down to the knives strapped under Ignis's suit jacket, almost invisible. "But before we go on, I have to ask. How are you guys when it comes to combat? I know you're armed, but what does that translate to?"

Ignis placed a hand over his chest, slightly bowing. "We have trained for years to protect Noct, and he the kingdom. You need not fear for our safety, we are prepared for any ordeal on the road."

"Except for a dead car engine."

"Obviously."

Joking aside, that made the solution an easy one.

"When you can't hunt something small, go bigger," Jaune said. "Come on, then. Let's go talk to the others."


-o-
​

Jaune sat at the head of the table, fingers folded to make a bridge in front of his face.

"Tell me," he asked the assembled men and feline. "Have you felt the recent rumblings beneath the land?"

He looked around.

"No? There was one just last night." That he slept through, and Escha told him about in the morning. "That cranky old man in the car shop has a rather wild story to explain it."

"I take it that this is not a natural phenomenon?" Ignis said.

Jaune glanced in his direction. "That all depends. How fantastical do you see a big turtle that causes earthquakes? It sure doesn't seem natural to me, but Cid tells me I'm wrong."

Prompto interrupted. "Excuse me, but… A turtle?"

"An Adamantoise, to be specific," said Jaune. "It's a big turtle, big as a house at the very least. Cid said that he could never reach its chin. It has some sort of magical power over the earth to cause seismic events, because the last time the Leide desert saw earthquakes it was that turtle that done it if you believe an old man's tale. Now, you may say that's crazy—"

"It isn't," Ignis said. He jerked a thumb at Noctis. "His father, the king, fought the Adamantoise in his youth during his own road trip across the continent, or so the story goes. It supposedly took place thirty years ago, in this very region."

Not only Jaune, Noctis and Prompto were staring agog at that bit of news.

"Seriously?" Noctis asked.

"Dead serious, Noct. Your father waged war on a turtle."

"That's… That's so lame!"

"On the contrary, he always seems quite proud of it. I've heard it is one of his regrets that he could not land a finishing blow on the creature."

"He lost? But—"

Jaune cut in, waving them down. "This is fascinating, but let's get back on track." He resumed his pose. "Someone else other than Cid had seen the turtle. Great."

Downright wonderful, in fact. He had asked around about the Adamantoise with not many people able to answer his questions. That period in time was one lost to the flames of war, and no account he had listened to could agree on much of what happened in those months. There had been evacuations and earthquakes, but there had also been aerial bombardments from Empire airships and magic that brought the same airships low. The landscape hadn't survived, changing from afternoon to afternoon.

"Did your king mention what he used to fight it?" he pressed Ignis for details. "Swords? Guns? Laser cannons? Cid claimed to have been there, but he didn't reveal much beyond the shell being harder than anything he had ever seen."

Ignis scratched his head, pondering the question. In the end, he spread his hands in helplessness. The king must have been as scarce on the particulars as the Hammerhead's owner. Still, a confirmation that the Adamantoise was more than a tall tale from a dusty old coot was welcome.

"Would I be wrong to call that turtle a legend?" he asked, leaning forward to look from face to face. "One that a king failed to slay, even. They told me that a single person could never take it on, but with…" He counted the heads. "...seven people, I'm confident we can give it a go."

That confused some among them, which worried him. People joked about meatheads, but if they couldn't even count to seven correctly then that was a recipe for disaster.

No, he'd just have to trust them. Maybe spar for a few rounds to get their measure. As for now, recruitment took priority.

He held up a hand in warning. "Don't expect easy money going in. I would have left it well alone until you came along, There is no reward here but glory and a share of the loot. It's turtle meat all the way down."

Around the table, expressions grew more eager as understanding began to dawn on each man. The economics of hunting monsters was simple. The small, annoying ones were paid for by a bounty, a big and mean fella paid for itself. Fame and fortune went hand in hand with legendary feats.

"Material from a creature like that..." Gladiolus mused, leaning back in his seat. "It does sound valuable. If the shell could be processed, it'll be something the Crownsguard might have an interest in."

He was just going to sell half the meat to Takka and keep half for himself, but hey, that sounded like a much better plan.

"Are we agreed, then?" Jaune said. "I'll open the floor for questions, not that there should be any—"

"Where's the turtle?" Noctis asked. He looked rather taken with the idea now, once the prospect of following in his father's footsteps came into play.

"I don't know. West."

The old car mechanic had apparently been bleeding out at the time, so who knew whether the information was accurate. During the intervening thirty years, that could expand to any point on the compass. They would have to bank on the rumbles of the earth, going where it was strongest.

Bennett went next, bouncing up and down in his seat. "Boss, how dangerous is this turtle?"

"Let me take it on the chin, and I'll get back to you."

As for the turtle's shell that might be harder than a dragon's hide, a good Huntsman wouldn't be aiming for the toughest part, would he? Eyes, mouths, throat, kidney. Some weaknesses were shared across many species.

"This feels very ill-thought-out."

Jaune pointed at the speaker, Ignis. "But?"

"...But we are desperate."

"I rest my case."

"You said west," Bennett again raised his voice. "How do we get to 'west'? It's a big desert."

Jaune turned to the others, and his assured smile dropped. "Welp, I'm stumped. Sorry, guys. Guess you're going broke."

"Ooh! Ooh!" Prompto jumped up, so that he stood on the booth's seat cushion. "I have an idea!"

Perfect. The plan was back on once more. "Let's hear it."

"Come on, follow me outside!"

The next minute saw a flurry of activity, with both Jaune's and Noctis's party paying their respective lunch bills and racing across the parking lot. Jaune didn't get why. There was not a means of transport in sight. They ended up surrounding a rather unimpressive parking meter that he hadn't paid attention to the whole time in this world, because in his mind it was just a part of the landscape. Prompto flourished his hands at the parking meter like it held all their answers.

"I need coins," the skinny blonde urged. "Turn out your pockets, dudes."

Gladiolus bent down to peer at the rusty meter. "Is this thing even in service?"

"Only one way to find out," Prompto said brightly.

Between the four men from Lucis, they coughed up three coins. All of the same amount, funnily enough, adding up to 15 Gils. Prompto read the faded sign on the meter.

"That puts us at… a third of one Chocobo. We need to rent six."

Jaune cocked an eyebrow. Was he about to learn what Chocobos were? They moved and they could be rented, and there was a parking meter in the picture.

He was going to guess motorbikes.

The rest of the funds, unsurprisingly, came from him. He was not quite so gung-ho about the sudden expenditure, but relented as people were always telling him he had to spend money to make money. Anyway, the prince promised to pay him back and if you couldn't trust a prince at his word, who could you trust in the world?

The coins entered the meter one by one, culminating with a twist of a dial. Crackling static noises then emitted from the meter, with none of them able to agree if that meant it worked or it had malfunctioned. Jaune tried giving the meter the go-to tech solution of a swift kick, just in case.

If anybody asked, the meter had always tilted on an angle.

After running for a while, the static sounds faded out. Then, it came back. Faded out again. Came back again.

"Should be any minute now," Prompto assured them.

Time rolled by, as did the tumbleweeds. Three cars sped past them, beating the hourly average. That was quite exciting—not. Beyond that, nothing else happened.

Sweat began to bead on everyone's brows, the heat here no joke. With each passing moment spent looking up and down the dusty desert road in awkward silence, more and more people began to turn toward Prompto, who shrank under their gazes.

"Aaany minute now."

"Two minutes," said Ignis, shading his eyes as he peered toward the horizon.

Everyone, Jaune included, immediately followed suit to try and spot what he was referring to. There seemed to be nothing there, an unending landscape of dry, cracked ground with the occasional shrubbery (and not very good ones, either).

The cloud of dust was the first sign. It began as a little pocket barely distinguishable from the surroundings, then ballooned up in size, marking the trail made by… something.

Jaune squinted, striving to make out the details through the haze of heat that seemed ever-present around these parts. He spied a figure, several figures, running in their direction. Their indistinct shapes soon coalesced into something recognizable, and Escha was suddenly at attention, grabbing fistfuls of Jaune's hair for balance as she stood up for a better view.

"Jaune, Jaune," she whispered, as he loudly coughed to drown out her words from the others. "I see dinner!"

"Are those… a bunch of giant chickens?" Bennett asked, very unsure.

"Chocobos incoming!" Prompto shouted with glee.

His words were a starting signal for his friends. Shedding all semblance of dignity, the four young men broke out into a sprint.

"Dibs on the blue one," Noctis called out, to immediate protests. "Royal privileges!"

"We do not recognize that at this time," Ignis answered, committing treason in one breath.

Jaune, left behind, was still all kinds of confused. They had been waiting for birds?

Birds with saddles. Bearing long necks and powerful legs, their appearances matched with the pictures he had seen of the ostrich hordes of Vacuo. One of them had a rider, who peeled off with a wave of their hand toward the group as the Chocobos drew nearer.

No, hang on, he was focusing on the wrong thing.

"Bennett."

"Yeah."

The four Lucians ran with all their might, trying to outdo each other. Jaune caught up, then overtook them in the span of seconds with Bennett matching pace, arms and legs pumping as they put their enhanced bodies to work in winning this race. Because all men were boys, and pride was on the line.

Bennett managed to grab the blue one coveted by everybody, while Jaune settled for one of the yellow birds, swinging up onto the saddle. The bird helped him along, making up for his amateurish movements by dipping its body to catch him. They were big, bigger than ostriches, and with plumage softer than pillows that his hands sank into.

A sudden hop by his mount caused him to wrap his arms around the bird's neck to catch his balance, putting him next to the most expressive eyes he had ever seen on an animal. The Chocobo trilled in his ear.

"Kweh!"

"Well, hello to you too."

Escha jumped off of his shoulders, landing on the Chocobo's head with an absolutely feral expression on her kitty face. She held back from attacking the bird, though, glancing around at the way everyone was climbing on a mount. A tentative sniff at the Chocobo, and she eventually chose to spare it for the time being. One did not kill one's own horse.

In no time, each person there had a Chocobo to call his own. The birds never broke stride, banking to one side as a pack until their riders faced the direction of the blazing afternoon sun.

"West!" Noctis cried, pulling on the reins, his Chocobo rearing up high. "We journey to the west!"

With whoops and shouts, the prince and all his men together went racing across the land, on a quest for the elusive turtle in its shell.

Author's Notes: Turtle.
⢸⣷⡦⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠙⢿⡪⡑⢤⣀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⡤⠤⠤⣄⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠈⠻⣔⣌⠑⠢⢄⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢠⠻⠇⠀⠀⣈⡆⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠙⢻⡦⡀⠉⢢⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣼⠒⠦⢄⡀⢻⠃⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢹⣇⠀⠀⢳⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⡴⠛⠻⠥⣲⣭⠏⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣿⠀⠀⠀⢇⣠⣴⣖⣾⣦⢤⣀⠀⢨⠃⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢹⣆⣤⣪⠽⠋⠈⣆⠀⠀⠉⠙⣿⡯⡀⢀⡠⠖⠒⠦⢄⣀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣸⡯⠧⠄⢰⡒⠈⠉⠉⠒⢖⠈⠁⢹⠻⡋⠀⠀⠀⢀⠀⠀⡉⠑⠂⢠⠤⠤⠤⢤⣀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣜⡹⠀⠀⠀⠀⢣⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⡵⠤⣈⢳⢧⡴⣲⣼⠭⠵⠮⠙⠛⠛⠛⠛⠚⠙⠛⠛
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣸⡽⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⠤⠳⠤⣤⠔⠉⠀⠀⠀⠙⣺⡉⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣰⢹⠓⠒⠂⢠⡞⠁⠀⠀⠀⠈⢦⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣁⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣿⡯⠀⠀⠀⠀⠱⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⡠⠷⢄⣀⠀⢰⢫⠇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢿⡇⠀⠀⠀⣠⠔⠚⠒⠢⡖⠋⠀⠀⠀⠈⢉⠶⡟⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸⡗⠒⠒⡍⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢳⣀⡀⠀⠀⢀⣺⡜⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠘⡟⡄⠀⢱⡀⠀⠀⠀⣠⠋⠀⠈⠙⢢⣏⡜⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢠⢿⢧⣠⠞⠋⠓⠒⣞⠁⠀⠀⡠⣴⡵⠋⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣠⠏⢘⣿⢢⠀⠀⠀⠀⣘⣦⣔⡾⠚⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⢠⠟⠁⣐⣿⠉⢿⣲⣤⡿⠿⢷⣾⠁⢳⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⢿⠀⢰⣿⠃⠀⠀⠉⠀⠀⠀⡞⡿⠀⠀⣇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠘⣴⡿⠋⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣼⣿⠁⠀⢀⠇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠙⢽⣀⡤⠋⠀⠀
Turtle facts - Did you know, that turtles can carry four, sometimes five, elephants on their back?
Stories:
QQ Sneaking His Way into the Multiverse , a RWBY Jaune, WC-lite mechanics story.
Other RWBY stories on AO3 or FF - Yakuza Arc | Conquered Menagerie: Annals of the Sixth Kingdom | Cat, Bunny, and the Good Ship Honey Starbright | The Agent
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Amrynel, Captain Gregory, Khellendrosiic and 269 others
LazyAutumnMoon
Aug 8, 2026
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 92: Seeking the Beast in Its Lair New
View content
LazyAutumnMoon
LazyAutumnMoon
We all need Sundancer in our life.
JoinedJun 7, 2024
Messages289
Likes received68,284
Aug 16, 2026
New
Add bookmark
#9,084

Chapter 92: Seeking the Beast in Its Lair
​

Chocobos made for powerful runners. Nothing on a motorcycle, of course, especially one driven by the speed demon Kiwi, but the off-road experience on the back of a big yellow bird was like nothing else. They glided over the rough terrain of the Leide desert region as if it was a straight runaway, smooth of gait. The rhythmic thump, thump of the Chocobo's feet grew on Jaune until it felt as natural as the wind in his hair and the sun on his skin. In no time at all, the party left the Hammerhead service station far, far behind, diving into the endless expanse before their eyes without looking back.

The act of riding itself took little training. The ostrich-birds did the bulk of the heavy lifting. They were more intelligent than their dopey faces suggest, paying special care to the comfort of their riders. As a result, Jaune became an experienced hand at it by the tenth minute. Go, slow, left, right, jump, and 'Kweh!'—he learned how to tug on the reins to enact all the essential commands for his mount, enough to put up a good showing in a friendly race against the others.

He might have won, too, but…

No kicking people off their Chocobo! No throwing items at the riders! No laying down food to bait the other birds to stop!

One unfair rule after the next constrained him, until the contest was lost. Oh, woe was Jaune Arc.

It couldn't be all fun and games, though. Their whole group refocused on the task at hand once they experienced the first earthquake of the day, a soft rumble that swept across the land from the south to startle the Chocobos and sent Escha curling into a ball on Jaune's lap. It served as a cold reminder that half of them were in dire straits and the other half had a hankering for turtle soup. The mission reaffirmed, they adjusted their course southward and rolled into a place called the Longwythe Rest Area not long after to seek information.

The outpost sat at a spot where two long desert roads intersect, and saw a marginal increase in traffic as a result. With an old motel on one side for the travelers ready to call it a day, and a gas station and a diner on the other for the ones still on the move, it provided enough of a draw to even be considered bustling. All the busier, with the commotion raised by a pack of squawking Chocobos as they made a beeline toward a water trough resting in the motel's parking lot.

'Only 4 Birbs', the sign above the trough proclaimed. For the life of him, Jaune could not tell whether this was a numbers limit or a warning to stop some thirsty soul deciding they would stick their mouth in the drink without boiling it, animal diseases be damned. The first possibility seemed too arbitrary, while common sense would have surely forestalled the second possibility from occurring.

Anyway, the exhausted Chocobos couldn't read, but they understood the setup well. They dove their beaks into the trough to greedily gulp down the content as their riders hopped out of the saddles. Some among the birds were already tapping on the feed dispenser sitting nearby that required money to operate, and Jaune had the sneaking suspicion that this was how the business really made its money.

"Hey, there's a Crow's Nest!" exclaimed Prompto, pointing to the diner on the other side of the road.

"We just ate," Ignis reminded him.

"I know, but Noct is gonna want a picture with the mascot." Prompto nudged the person next to him. "Right, buddy?"

The young man in question crossed his arms, looking away. "I mean, if we have time. Not that it matters."

Nobody was fooled by the cool act.

"Business first, pleasure second," Ignis said, a sentiment that earned a firm nod from Gladiolus and, after a beat, a far more reluctant one from the prince. Their last member thus fell in line.

At a small remove from the quartet, Jaune, Escha, and Bennett climbed off their Chocobos. Well, he and Escha climbed while Bennett fell, rolled to recover, tripped, fell and had to roll again, then finally stuck a 10-point perfect landing that would have made gymnastics judges weep. As his feet hit the ground, Jaune laced his fingers together and stretched his hands to the sky.

"Maaan, that was great. It's nice to hang out with just the guys, sometimes."

"But I'm a girl!" Escha protested at once.

"You're a cat."

"Cats can be boys or girls. Hmph!"

He had no good response to that, and so resorted to ear scritches to distract the felyne. "They sure can, Escha. They sure can," he said while casting his gaze around the rest area.

The first thing to draw his eyes were some of the tables and plastic chairs laid out on the motel veranda. They had fallen on their sides, not yet picked up like the ones in use by guests. Calling out to the prince and his retinue, he directed their attention to the sight.

"This place definitely felt the earlier quake," he said, before looking toward Ignis. "You have a map, right? Mark down the spot where we got hit, then we'll ask around for the direction that people here think it came from. We might be able to work out its location if we have more, what's the word…"

"Reference points?"

"Exactly. We'll triangle that turtle."

"Triangulate."

"Good man. We'll do that, too." He looked over the group. "Let's split up to cover more ground—"

""""Dibs on diner!""" shouted most of the people there, the more responsible Ignis and Gladiolus included. Which left Jaune wondering.

"...But why? You don't even have money." He shook his head. "Oh, whatever. You guys can take the diner if you also check in at the gas station. My side will look into the motel."

The deal was struck without protest. As the four young men sprinted toward the mascot statue of a crow in front of the diner, camera in Prompto's hand, Jaune's group peeled off toward the building that hosted the Chocobos' water trough. Old and faded, it must have been here for a long time, with signs of many repairs. As far as people to interview went, it provided slim pickings with only two guests hanging out on the long veranda in front of the rooms. Of the two, he settled on the one not obviously drunk off their gourds, and perhaps might even have been present the first time the turtle reared its head.

"Hello there, ma'am!" he said brightly, walking over to a hunched figure in a dress sitting at a table set against the wall, their back to him.

The person gave no response, seeming to not have heard his greeting.

"Ma'am?" Jaune asked, a little more uncertain. "Old woman in the plastic chair? Hi. Can you spare some time?"

"Jaune, could she have been hurt by the earthquake? She might need help!" Bennett said urgently.

Before they could check, the person stirred. They cocked their head as if finally realizing that Jaune was talking to them, and shifted in their seat in order to turn around.

"Oh yes," they said. "That's going to make me want to talk to you, calling me old and a woman."

Jaune's smile slipped. "Ah, that was a coat, not a dress. You're… a man. Sorry. From this angle, I couldn't tell."

Below, Escha covered her face and muttered something about him now mixing up the humans, too. He ignored her for the moment, because in this world only crazy people acknowledged a talking cat.

"Are you implying something about my figure?" the stranger replied, then rubbed a hand over his stubbled jaw. "And do I really look that old? I understand that my complexion is far from its best, but I like to think that I give off a spry image for my age."

"You look fabulous," Jaune hastily assured the old— the young— the man, and spared a quick glance over the thick layers of the man's ensemble that spelled a death sentence in this heat. "Nice coat. Great hat. It's very 'in' this season." As if he would know. "Can I ask you a question?"

"Was that not one just now?"

Jaune recoiled, suddenly recognizing the man for what he was. One of those individuals that insisted upon the minor grammar rules, because they took joy in inconveniencing a conversation with the casual speakers. Language teachers, some called them.

He resisted the urge to roll his eyes, the natural response when encountering this species, and instead dragged Bennett in front of him. "Then, can he ask you a question?"

Bennett waved hello, showing an earnest face that only a monster would take offense with.

"...Well played," the man praised, the twisted desire to dot every t's and cross every i's or however it went now satisfied. Jaune carefully hid his bucketful of smug behind a polite demeanor. "Why not? I have all the time in the world. Ask away, young man."

Put on the spot, Bennett hesitated. His gaze darted to Jaune, who showed a thumbs-up in encouragement, then back to the stranger.

"Um, did you happen to feel an earthquake about an hour ago?" he asked.

"I did. Oh, it was awful." The man wrapped his arms around himself. "Had me shaking in my boots, it did." His tone suggested otherwise, sounding eager to spread gossip more than anything else. "I think someone next to me died during the confusion. Vanished into thin air!"

Jaune very much doubted that, but let it go. He leaned down to whisper in Bennett's ear, the other boy relaying his words.

"Can you remember which direction it started from?"

"Seemed like everywhere… But if I have to say it, it'll be… north." The man held his chin, putting on a curious air. "Are you hoping to do something about it?"

"With luck, yes," Jaune said, nodding.

Next to him, Bennett copied his words and gestures.

"You don't have to do that anymore," Jaune said to him. "I think we've moved past it by this point."

"You don't have to do that anymore—"

Jaune poked Bennett in the side, causing the ticklish boy to burst out in an instinctive laugh. He turned back to the stranger. "We have reason to believe that it isn't a natural event. Speaking of, were you in the area a few decades ago?"

The man blankly stared up at Jaune. "...Who wants to know?"

Well, that was not at all suspicious.

"Me? I want to know? I'm searching for something called an adamantoise. Have you heard of it?"

Are you a turtle worshiper? Are you!? That was pretty much his thinking with how off the man acted. It wouldn't be the first time he stumbled across somebody who believed in a lizard as a god with the intention of feeding him to it.

His suspicions appeared misplaced, as the man regained his cheery demeanor. "That old story is still around?" the man asked. "How delightful! I remember people used to tell their children of the great and terrible adamantoise. That it would obliterate the city if the child did not eat their vegetables."

"That… That sounds a little harsh, don't you think?"

"It builds good character."

If skittish and paranoid could be considered good character, sure. He moved on from the tangent, continuing to ask a couple more follow-up questions. Still, it grew clearer to him the further it went on that this man knew little of the turtle beyond hearsay. In the end, he brought the conversation to a close without learning much else, bidding farewell.

The stranger cheerfully waved after him as he departed. "Do come back soon. And bring that broody fellow with you next time!"

Huh. It turned out that the man was an avid royalist. Noctis would be so embarrassed to find out he had more fans, thereby guaranteeing that it was one of the first things Jaune brought up once everybody eventually reconvened by the diner.

"I'm supposed to be incognito," the prince complained as he and the rest of the party stood around a map spread on an outdoor table. "Humble and, and, one of the people!"

He supposed it fit with how the prince had not simply ordered a random bystander to fork over money for the royal coffers. In addition, that would explain the disguise.

"I'm afraid to ask, but what disguise?" said Noctis after hearing Jaune mention it aloud.

"You know, that boy band concept you have going. It really is brilliant. You're a natural at it. I bet most people would never take you for a prince!"

On the other side of the table, Prompto grimaced. "Friggin' oof, dude. Gladi-man, does that count as an attack on the royal personage? Because our Noct looks very attacked right now."

"We've told you, we are not a boy band," Gladiolus growled at Jaune… while leaning back on a barrel in a way that highlighted the curves of his muscles and the sweat beading on his arms, looking like an album cover. Jaune thus placed no weight on his words, giving the bodyguard his best 'I am not convinced' look. He had eyes, thank you.

Off to the side of the convo, Ignis pored over the map. His marker darted back and forth, drawing lines and angles and muttering about margin of error, whatever sciency concept that was, as Bennett watched on in rapt attention. The man seemed to appreciate a listening audience, explaining his thought process step by step.

"Many of the people we spoke to were too disoriented by the earthquake to determine its direction, but general consensus among those that kept a cool head points to it beginning in the north." He tapped the points on the map for Bennett's benefit. "Over here is Hammerhead station. There, our position earlier today. And here is this rest stop. The first told us that it came from the west, we felt it was more south, and now we have learned that it is north. They are inexact approximates, but…"

"We can still narrow the search area down because of it?" Bennett guessed, earning an approving nod from the older man.

"Precisely. Testimonies suggest that this area experienced stronger and more frequent shocks than our other data points, so we can assume that the epicenter of these incidents lies closer to here than elsewhere." The marker traced a circle. "Thus, a picture takes shape."

The rest of them put their bickering on hold to huddle in, looking at the spot that Ignis marked.

"The quarry we seek is hiding in the vicinity of Longwythe Peak," Ignis concluded.

Prompto was over the moon. "Oh sweet, we can get a picture of the mountain while we're there!"


-o-
​

"This is taking foreveeeer," Prompto whined.

The skinny blond drudged to the edge of the shallow pool of water, flopping down at its edge. His hands dipped into the lukewarm pond, splashing it onto his face to wash away the dirt and grime accumulated over the past hour. Beside him, Jaune was doing the same. The awful heat of the desert sun all but cooked them alive. Not far from them, Chocobos frolicked and played without a care.

Sitting on a boulder, Gladiolus sipped at a water bottle. "Are you certain that we are in the right area?"

Rather than Ignis, it was Jaune that answered him. "Oh yeah, it's around here, alright." He raised his head, blond hair in need of a cut plastering to his face due to the water, to scan their surroundings. "I've been getting a bad feeling for a while now."

Like blaring alarms popping off in his thoughts, like a twisted knot in his guts. The throbbing behind the temples everybody felt at some point in their life that drew on senses beyond the conventional to insist they watch their back. It had grown loud and unceasing ever since they started searching around Longwythe Peak, a rocky mountain not far from the rest stop that jutted out over the landscape at an angle making it look like it was tipping to one side. The barren and gray locale held little of interest beyond the wildlife and this small watering hole where the creatures went to quench their thirst. Of the adamantoise, there had been no signs, not even a set of footprints for the party to follow. The only constant thing that could be called a clue was his every instinct lighting up in warning.

As if on cue, the ground rumbled. Jaune's legs almost gave out as he felt the ground shake, felt it quake. The rest of the group fared no better, the force of these tremors surpassing the last occurrence by manifolds. Around them, birds that had gathered at the oasis all took flight, while the land-based species ran for their lives. The earth split open in deep gashes identical to ones that the party had discovered all over the land during their search of the area, and which had wreaked destruction on animal habitats and roads alike.

Something was so very wrong here. Where could that turtle be hiding?

The answer struck him like a bolt from the blue. His hand rose on its own, index finger pointing ahead.

"There," he said. "There."

Bennett, Escha, the prince and his men, everyone whirled toward the place he indicated with their weapons in their grasp. Confusion overtook them, and their stances faltered as they saw nothing out of the ordinary. How sly, their prey. Hiding in plain sight.

Jaune peeled back the curtains for their sake. "Turtles live near water. That rock by the pond, doesn't it seem a little suspicious? Like something under it could poke its head out when nobody is looking to drink and feed?"

He was referring to a big, flat slab of stone not far from them that sat right next to the water's edge. Its surface curved in a gentle slope, forming a natural platform where animals at the oasis could lie down for a rest.

Or perhaps, one could say it resembled a turtle's shell.

As he came to the end of his conjectures, all the people there scrambled into a formation. It looked rough as Jaune's side and the prince's had no experience working together, but they made it work by being of one mind on taking his words seriously and giving their target no chances to play tricks. Honor and glory (and a big payday) was on the line.

"What's our plan, Jaune?" Bennett asked, standing firmly at the front of the group alongside Jaune and Gladiolus, their shields forming a bulwark.

"Well—"

"The shell is almost indestructible, it's said," Ignis cautioned from behind them. "We would be fools to think we can end it in one blow. I suggest instead that we raise it from its position, thereby revealing the softer parts beneath."

"I'm open to ideas on how," Jaune said. His sword swapped for a baton-like stick colored in red, the impossible sleight of hand drawing exclamations from those around him. "Got dynamite if we need them."

"Was that magic? How did you—No, we can get to that later," Ignis decided. "You have given me an idea. Noct, your magic flask is filled. Dualcast Fire, I believe?"

"Yeah, got it right here," Noctis replied, hurrying to take out an object stowed in his pockets. Head turning, Jaune zeroed in on the glass sphere, paying close attention to the swirling concoction within. More air than fluid, it glowed with an intense light.

His hand twitched. It looked shiny, which meant it might fetch a pretty sum on a certain otherworldly marketplace.

"Perfect," Ignis said, oblivious to Jaune's fierce mental calculations (big lootz = big money, bigger lootz = bigger money). "Its potency should outmatch conventional explosives. Let us see how well that shell disperses heat." He thumped the prince on the back. "Seeing as your father was the one to fight it last, I can think of none better to ring in the second round. Fire in the hole!"

Noctis wound back his arm, and let fly the glass sphere. It arced through the air with a gentle grace, at its zenith catching the light of the sun to blaze in a multitude of colors shimmering with a mysterious beauty. This sight lasted no longer than three heartbeats, and the inevitable shattering as it struck hard stone raised an ugly sensation in Jaune's chest akin to watching a work of art set aflame. At the same time, a thrumming beat grew within him in anticipation of what was to come.

From a small glass orb, a conflagration engulfed the entire rock, springing up far higher and wider than seemed possible for something that size. Even at a remove, heat licked at Jaune's skin, the shield in his hand growing warm. As Escha hid behind his leg to stave off the high temperature, he watched with a careful eye for a response from their target. Thus far, it was content to sit in place.

"We're going to look so silly if that turns out to be a normal rock," Prompto pointed out what most of them had been thinking.

"Patience, now," Jaune advised. "Give the fire time to do its work. My gut says we're on the right track."

It actually said that he was on track to die, screaming to him of danger and death. The bad feeling that stayed with him all this while had never let up, growing past the level where he could call it natural.

He had definitely felt this sensation before, but where…

Another earthquake broke the moment. Jaune and the others braced themselves, waiting for it to subside.

Yet, it never did.

"It's here!" Ignis called out. "You were right!"

"Get ready, men!" Gladiolus shouted from beside Jaune. The man wore a delighted expression on his face, all grinning teeth. One that likely mirrored Jaune's and everyone else here, eager for a rousing fight and their names written in the annals of history, for full bellies and fuller wallets. Their time was now, and let none say different.

The hard-packed desert ground cracked in spiderweb patterns, the lines spreading further with the passing seconds. The members of the party adjusted their positions to accommodate this new terrain, light on their feet ready to spring forward in action.

The flat slab of stone had begun to shift from side to side, giving up the pretense of an inanimate nature. The motion was somewhat reminiscent of a dog trying to shake off water. With a sharp crack, the rock separated from the earth.

It was here, it was here, the adamantoise of myth and legend, and as the flames began to die down, it rose.

And… And it rose.

And it rose.

And it rose.

And it rose.

And it rose. And it rose. And it rose. And it rose. AND IT—

Jaune gulped.

"Dear sweet mother," Gladiolus breathed out. Ignis grabbed the man by the shoulder for balance, leaning forward with his glasses slipping down his nose.

"That… was not the shell."

It was a horn. A horn that went on a nose. A nose on a head that still had not completely surfaced yet. These details registered to Jaune's mind in pieces that he could digest, but every time he tried to connect them the image fizzled out to leave him heaving for breath. Some things simply defied belief, even as it stood before his very eyes. Just the turtle's head was bigger than the Grimm dragon attacking Beacon.

Then, what about the body?

He wished that thought hadn't occurred to him.

Part of the turtle's neck had emerged aboveground, dirt pouring aside to reveal bony ridges. Jaune traced those ridges, turning his body to keep following the long neck. Then, his gaze moved up, up, up… to Longwythe Peak.

The mountain moved.

The turtle moved.

"This is ridiculous!" said Prompto, nearly squeaking.

Absentmindedly, Jaune said, "So the mountain was the shell. How about that. Oh look, I can see the flippers now. It's a sea turtle."

"Y-You're not letting this faze you, huh, boss?" Bennett stammered.

"Eh, I've seen bigger."

No. No, he hadn't. This nonsense was the shock doing the talking. He still could not accept the adamantoise as a whole, his eyes able to only concentrate on one spot at a time. Any more and the form of the turtle would start to blur, registering as 'landscape' or 'geographic feature' to him. Its head, as it moved, cleared the height of a five-story building in one swoop.

"What do we do?"

Jaune could not tell who said it. It could have been all of them. What he did know was that everybody looked at him afterward for an answer, counting on him to be their guide in this unfamiliar place.

That brought the world back into focus. Under their gazes, he lifted up his hand, vanishing the stick of dynamite to leave it empty. His palm then impacted his cheek.

Tap. Tap. His vision cleared.

"Okay," he said. "O-kay. Let's break it down. We're here to hunt the source of the earthquakes. It's right in front of us. And as we all know, turtles are cool and calm. If attacked, they might just sit there and take it."

With a gesture, the handle of a sword fell into his grip. He fought back the sense of dread and alarm that refused to stay quiet, forcing it into a little mental box so he could think. In its absence, the answer that arrived to him was one simple course of action.

"I say we go for it. Charge!"

His command seized the hearts of his companions, and they brandished their weapons.

""Chaaarge!"" shouted every throat and voice as these brave men (and a cat) raced toward the undefended underside of the turtle's neck. Jaune's sword was the first to bite into flesh, followed by many more.

Snick.

Snick. Snick. Snick. Snick. Snick. Snick. Snick. Snick.

"I don't think this is working. It's like we're poking it with toothpicks."

"Did it even notice that we're here?"

As if to respond, the turtle raised an immense flipper up high.

"It noticed! It noticed! That is not cool and calm!"

The flipper moved in a casual and deceptively slow fashion, an untold number of tons of force behind the motion. The shadow it cast turned day into night, covering the span of a city block and engulfing the entirety of Jaune's vision.

Beside him, Bennett lifted his shield.

"Yeah, no," said Jaune, grabbing the boy by the back of his shirt collar and yanking him away. "So, for something like this that can swallow you whole, blocking usually isn't the way to go."

"But all I've done this week was learn to block!"

"That's the way it works. You think you're making progress, then life throws a wrench your way. Now, beat feet and fucking ruuuun!"

Jaune led the party in running for their lives as the wind picked up around them, air pressure formed from the adamantoise pressing down with its flipper. He leapt astride his Chocobo, and the creature needed no prompting to break into a sprint. Around him, the other birds joined the escape with their riders clinging to their backs.

Sunlight returned as they raced past the shadow's edge in the nick of time, right at the moment the flipper obliterated the area behind them with an almighty crash that shook the landscape and sent every Chocobo stumbling. A wave of dust and dirt slammed into the party from behind, carrying them off their feet to throw men, birds, and cat across the desert ground. The Chocobos barely landed on their feet, screaming their panicked kweh's in Jaune's ears.

"Keep running!" Jaune ordered his Chocobo, before turning his head to address Noctis. "Seriously, did your dad have a laser cannon? How did he fight this thing!?"

"He had magic!"

"You have magic!"

"Not his magic!"

"What's your magic!?"

"Incomiiing!" Ignis warned.

The adamantoise pushed forward with its flippers, a mountain moving across the land. Its long neck stretched out, thickly armored chin aiming for the gnats that had disturbed its day. Screaming bloody murder, the insects peeled off to either side as the turtle's head met the earth in a calamitous quake.

"We're all gonna die!" Prompto cried.

"Not if I have anything to say about it," Jaune called back. "Watch my ultimate move! Escha, take the reins!"

"Mrow?"

Jaune kicked off the Chocobo, and as it cleared the space below him, he engaged his rocket boots while summoning his wind glider. The wings unfurled, and the colors of an early morning sky greeted the world, gracefully cutting through the air. In scant seconds, he had shot above the turtle's head.

His empty hand formed the shape of a finger gun. In a blink, a boulder stained red appeared at the very tip. The big rock immediately fell in a straight line down, and though this might be his imagination, it seemed to move just a touch faster than it should. Like it was eager to mete out death.

The rock struck the turtle right atop its head.

Plink!

His ultimate move had been about as effective as a pebble. Wonderful.

For an brief moment, his eyes met one of the turtle's own positioned on the side of its head. The warning blares dwelling inside him swelled to a crescendo. There was something behind that gaze… behind that gaze?…staring back. The turtle opened its mouth, and let out a long cry that sounded almost mournful.

And then it swung its head at him. Jaune blinked, shaking off the stupor. A blast of rocketfire launched him out of the turtle's way, dipping below to retrieve his falling boulder.

After that, he reversed course, catching up to the others to land back on his Chocobo. He looked directly ahead, refusing to meet the flat stares coming at him from every direction, even from the people ahead who had to turn to look at him.

"Some 'ultimate move'. What the hell was with that rock? Are you a cultist or something!?" Noctis called over from off to his left.

"Less talky, more fighty," Jaune shot back.

Taking it as a challenge, Noctis whipped his hand behind himself and with it another glass sphere crackling with power flew toward the turtle. "Dualcast Fire!" shouted the prince.

Before the magical device could even do anything, the adamantoise spat out a glob of saliva big enough to fill a swimming pool, dousing the flames to leave Noctis wearing a stiff expression with his arm still outstretched.

"Turtle - one, prince - zero."

"I don't need this right now, Prompto. Delete that picture."

Prompto hid his camera, pretending to misheard the command. The scene would have been heartwarming, resembling a normal everyday conversation if not for the gargantuan moving mountain that was seconds away from flattening them at any given moment. Their speed was not the problem. Each lunge by the turtle ate up all the distance made by the madly running Chocobos, such was its size. A mere shuffle of its body matched their best efforts.

It was quickly becoming apparent that they could never run forever. Escaping just was not in the cards. What was left?

Cunning, for one.

"Everyone, bank right," Ignis ordered. "Make for that hill."

None of them questioned it, trusting in the shrewd man to have a plan. He explained it to them along the way.

"A turtle is at its most helpless when flipped on its back. We must unbalance the creature with every means at our disposal. The first step is to lure it onto a slope."

The Chocobos hit the barren hill, and scrambled up it. They were good jumpers in addition to running, clearing the obstacle in a blink to fall down the other side. On the back of his bird, Jaune twisted around to watch what the adamantoise would do.

Met with the hill, the turtle blasted right on through, stomping it beneath its bulk to turn the hill into a valley.

In the ensuing silence between the party, Ignis coughed into his hand. "Right, yes. I should note that a moving mountain likely could only be flipped by a bigger mountain."

"Is there one?" Jaune asked without much hope.

"In the next continent over, perhaps. It will take a two weeks of running."

A logically sound idea. In practical terms, not so great. "Put a pin on it. I've got a better plan."

"Do we die? Is this the part where we die?" Prompto asked, voice cracking.

"No," said Jaune. "It's the part where we make like rabbits and go for the kill!"

"Hah?"

Undeterred, Jaune continued. "We go high. We hit it where it hurts, and I've never seen anybody take it in the eye and not cry like a baby! Besides me, obviously." This aside was followed by similar proclamations from each man present. "If one blow won't take it down, then we'll give it a hundred little bites to tear it to pieces! Come on!"

This time when he jumped off the Chocobo, he took Escha with him. The felyne slapped the bird on the rump to make it keep running, ensuring its life and cutting off their own retreat in one fell stroke. Together, they took to the air in front of the turtle.

Seeking to draw the creature's attention, Jaune summoned a stubby machinegun painted in garish Night City gang colors. Among the lighter firearms in his possession, the effect of its weight on his glider was minimal. He carelessly aimed it in the turtle's direction with the confidence that he could not possibly miss a target that large, and squeezed the trigger to pepper the creature with bullets.

It felt it, he was sure. In the way a person would feel a mosquito's bite. The turtle jerked its head back and forth in an effort to dispel the source of the irritation, unaware that it was Jaune. At least, at first. It slowed down its course, the long trail of destruction behind it coming to a brief halt.

Then, it caught sight of him, and ooh did it get mad. The turtle released another cry, and this time it was all anger. Jaune used the opportunity to close the distance.

"Ready, Escha?"

Escha saluted him. "Aye, aye!"

Climbing onto his back, the felyne curled into a little ball, awaiting his signal. The instant they were above the turtle, Jaune gave it. The glider vanished from his back, and the pair dropped out of the sky, shouting their thrill as the wind rushed through their hair.

3, 2, 1. Jaune kicked out his rocket boots to slow their descent, landing them on the very top of the turtle's head. Neither wasted a moment, and bullets shot out at an immense eyeball while a cat broke out a pair of hammer and chisel—a Palico's bread and butter when it came to snapping off a monster's outer scales. She soon found a chip in the turtle's skin, and got to work.

The bullets tore into the eye, sinking into softened flesh that was yet tougher than a human's bones. It had a real effect, however, sending the turtle into a roaring rage. Jaune and Escha clung on as the creature thrashed its head about, finding safety in the gap between the rocky ridges.

"I feel like I'm going to be sick," he groaned as they whipped from one side to the other.

"Not on me, not on me!"

In the throes of nausea, Jaune caught a glimpse of figures dressed in black, alongside another in red, making the climb up one of the turtle's flippers. Realizing that the Lucians were following his lead, a smile broke out on his face.

These maniacs. They were his people, Huntsmen through and through.

As the turtle's struggles subsided, he left Escha to her task and sprang forward, stomping over the uneven terrain that was the adamantoise's face on a course for the injured eye.

Halfway there, a dark figure materialized right in front of him. Teleporting in. As naturally as breathing, Jaune summoned and swept his sword in a wide arc.

Clang! His blade met another, a strange sword whose crossguard clicked and whirled with the moving parts of a machine mechanism, purring like an engine. It ticked off every criteria for something Jaune wanted to grab, except for the pale face of Noctis staring back at him with wide eyes.

"What was that for?" the prince yelped, grunting with the effort of holding back the attack.

Jaune withdrew his sword. "Oops. You never told me you were one of them."

"One of who?"

"Them." The footing beneath them shifted, serving as a warning. "Whoa, hold that thought and hang on tight."

Jaune and the prince clung to the turtle as it went into another of its thrashing frenzy. This latest one saw shapes falling off the mountain on its back, wildlife that had made their lairs upon the shell believing it mere immobile stone. Some fell near where the rest of the group had hunkered down, necessitating a frantic fight in close quarters. He got a good look at the species once one landed on the turtle's neck, it looking like a leopard with unbelievably long whiskers.

It spotted them at the same time they spotted it. Then it died as Noctis, flinging his sword, zipped behind it to drive the sword that he just caught again right to the back of its neck.

Jaune whistled, giving the prince a thumbs-up as he looked back this way. Noctis nodded with a smile, and in a blink stood next to him again.

Teleporters were rather dependable when on his side.

As Noctis went to provide support for the rest of their group below, Jaune advanced on the eye. The turtle saw him coming, knew what he intended, but for all its efforts could not dislodge him. A gargantuan size carried its own weakness, and that eye was a direct route to the weakest point of a living creature. The brain.

He reached the eye at the same time that Noctis returned. The prince held something beside his sword in his hand, which Jaune recognized as Prompto's camera.

"Smile," said the prince, turning the camera to catch both him, Jaune, and the turtle's eye in view. By reflex, Jaune put up a V sign and grinned.

Click!

The turtle winced, head jerking to the side and nearly throwing them both off.

"Sorry. Prompto insisted." The prince hung the camera strap around his neck, and retrieved his sword. Watching the blade pop out of nowhere into his hand was quite a disorienting experience, since Jaune was used to that being his trick.

Still, he recovered quickly. There were more important things at stake. His scroll snapped to his hand, and he flicked the screen open.

"Smile," he said, before taking a selfie of the scene from the opposite angle. "Good pose. You're a natural," he complimented the prince.

Lisa was going to flip once she saw this.

Then, with a twirl of Crocea Mors, he jammed the blade deep into the turtle's eye. As it roared, he popped the scroll into his Pocket, using the free hand to grip onto the ridge that encircled the giant eye. Thus kept in place, he pulled back his sword to stab again.

"This is so disgusting," said Noctis as he followed suit, needing to shout over the turtle and even then sounding tiny. "If that eye pops, I'm gonna hurl."

More of the leopards had landed on the long turtle neck. Maybe they sensed that Jaune and Noctis were doing something that could get them all killed, because they raced toward the pair. Escha threw a boomerang to forestall the first, buying time for Noctis to join the fray.

Jaune, meanwhile, continued his bloody work, elbow-deep in the sickening gel of the eye. He doubted the turtle could still see him by this point, but it knew he was there by the pain inflicted upon it.

It roared, it thrashed. He hung on like a gnat. In the process, he noticed an incongruity.

The turtle sometimes flinched even when his sword did not touch the eye. It screeched to an agony he had no hand in. And this phantom pain led it to struggle all the harder.

But he could not let up to investigate.

"Almost there, almost there," he chanted to himself as a mantra. The disgusting mess he left in his endeavor to drive the sword into the turtle's brain would be an experience that stuck to him forever, he was certain. "Almost there, almost the—"

The world tilted.

He moved so fast that his stomach could not take it, emptying out in hacking coughs. Once he recovered enough to see past the tears, he found a wholly different view from previous, the turtle having contorted its neck in a near U-shape. Perched on various places atop this neck, the rest of his party flattened themselves to the hard scales as they tried to figure out what the creature was doing. The animals they had been fighting did not fare as well, falling off during the commotion.

And then, with a sound akin to a whip magnified by a thousand times, the only thing left in Jaune's vision was the bright blue sky. He heard screams around him, over the wind. The yowling of a cat, and his own shouts.

He seemed to hang weightless in the sky without support of any kind, his grip on the turtle now grasping the empty air. His mind was still catching up, putting these clues together.

His body gently turned. He found the mountain, the turtle with ease. It laid far, far below.

Which necessitated that he was high, high above. The turtle had succeeded in throwing them all off of itself, way up there in the sky.

A sword flashed by, with Noctis appearing out of thin air to grab it a split second later. The prince shoved a passenger, Escha, into his arms then reached out to clutch at his jacket.

"F-Fly!"

"Say that again?" Jaune found his voice, and it sounded almost casual with none of the prince's tension. His fingers ran through Escha's fur in soothing strokes. After all, he…

"You can fly, right? Help me get the others to safety!"

Yep, that. And a rescue would be the next step, since not everyone enjoyed the benefit of surviving from this height. His eyes rolled in their sockets, quickly pinpointing where each person was.

He stretched out a hand, grabbing onto Noctis in turn to pull him close. "I can slow their falls, nothing else. Your teleportation will have to cover the final stretch." With a nod from Noctis, he continued. "Get to Bennett, he has a glider like mine on him."

In the space of a blink, the prince vanished to carry on the message while Jaune got to work.

He picked out the person closest to hitting the ground, Ignis, then chose the next person in line, Gladiolus. Sure enough, as he put on his glider and dove for his target, Noctis teleported next to Ignis. The pair then disappeared together. That was one person accounted for.

Jaune formed his body in a ramrod straight line, and engaged the rockets in his boots to shoot down at an eye-watering speed. A light twist spun him out of the way as Bennett glided past, and the two boys gestured at each other in acknowledgment before continuing on to their respective targets. Escha waved after the other boy, her panic having faded to nothing now that she knew she would be okay.

Timing it, he drew level with Gladiolus. The man was not screaming, which Jaune considered mildly impressive given his imminent demise.

"'Sup?" the man said, as if they had run into one another on the city street.

With good humor, Jaune matched him in tone. "Yo. Jaune's Rescue Service, here to un-doom your butt."

"Thanks, but you just keep those hands above the waist."

Jaune rolled his eyes, and seized the man by his forearms. His glider had no hope of carrying this amount of weight, so he worked on gradually flattening out, catching as much wind as the wings could get to hold them aloft for a second longer. They had lost a lot of height by now, with him able to spot Ignis way down there safe and sound, then the forms of Noctis and Prompto as they joined him. The prince released his charge, who flopped on the ground, and whirled around to frantically search the sky. He found Jaune's group not long after, and with a series of sword-flinging motions climbed the air toward them.

The haggard look told of a cost to these repeated teleports, but the prince did not let up. After Jaune passed Gladiolus over, Noctis went right back to tracing a zigzagging path to the ground, bleeding off the momentum of his friend to ensure a survivable impact. Jaune followed them down, circling around them on alert for a slip.

A needless worry, as they were soon landing to the whoops and cries of those already rescued, with Noctis slumping against Prompto, huffing and puffing to catch his breath. With Bennett joining them, that was seven for seven alive with all limbs intact. A bystander would mistake them for having won a mountain of treasures.

It, honestly, had started to become fun. An exhilarating experience they could find nowhere else.

Still, how the hell were they going to bring this turtle down?

After the wave of celebration, Jaune and the others stood in a line, staring up at the turtle and looking rather lost. Because oh my word, was it big and impossible and intimidating in a way that defied thought. Unstoppable, was the term that came to mind along with a small, niggling worry. What had they unleashed?

"Ah, well. Back to work, boys," Jaune said, stepping forward.

Someone had to kill that thing. The others understood that, too. Groaning and sighing, they drudged after him. A good enough crew, in his books. Between a few warriors, a teleporter, and a cat, what more did he need?

Besides a bigger gun, of course. With a gesture, he swapped out his sword for the gunlance.

Somehow, that sparked another commotion.

"Okay, so my eyes aren't playing tricks on me," said Gladiolus. "Are you and Noct… related? Why are you using Lucis royal magic?"

Ignis elbowed him, speaking quietly in a hurry. "Shush. Do you have a death wish? You know the family tree. If you say they're related, what are you implying about our king?"

Noctis, having caught all of that, grew pale as a sheet. Jerkily, he turned his head toward Jaune, pleading with his gaze.

"It's a coincidence," Jaune said. "Don't look at me like that."

Prompto leaned over, whispering in his ear. "Bro, that sounds suspicious as hell. Can you come up with a better answer? Our Noct's gonna cry."

"I won't cry, you prick."

"Guys," Bennett cut in. "Can we, I don't know, figure out what we're going to do about the turtle first? It keeps staring at us and that's starting to scare me."

Jaune furrowed his brow at that, and observed the adamantoise with careful scrutiny. "Why is it staring at us? From there to here is, what, two lunges for it? It should be stomping us flat by now."

"I kinda like not being pancaked, so can you maybe not jinx us?" Prompto said nervously.

"No, he has a point," Ignis chimed in, one hand outstretched to bring the group to a halt. "Hold, everyone. Hold. Something is amiss. I… I believe it is done."

"What!?"

Jaune was just one among many who spun on Ignis, disbelief emanating from him in waves. Spluttering, he gestured from the turtle to Ignis then back to the turtle, trying to put into words the ridiculousness of that bold claim.

Ignis fixed the position of his glasses, confidence never wavering. His one answer to them was to point ahead at the adamantoise. Look, the gesture said. Look.

The turtle did not move.

Its head sagged to one side. The open mouth hissed, and it took Jaune a long time to realize that it was trying to breathe, every exhale coming out weaker than the one before. It looked weak. It looked done.

Lower, lower, the head slipped, until it gently touched against the ground. That simple act still raised an earth-shattering quake, but there was no aggression in it.

"We won," said Noctis in a stupor. "We won? We won. We…"

A loud whoop broke the moment. Prompto pumped a fist in the air, shouting out in relief. He seized Bennett, swinging the other boy around in glee, causing Bennett to laugh. The simple mirth was infectious, jumping from person to person as smiles began to break out on their faces.

No. No, that wasn't right.

Jaune brought a hand up to massage his temples. He should be celebrating, but he could not. The bad feeling hadn't gone away, still there in the little mental box he put it in. If anything, it was growing louder now.

"This was too easy," he said, the first conclusion he could definitely make.

"Haha! Maybe the heat got to it," Prompto replied. "I know I'm about to have a stroke!"

Jaune only shook his head, deep in thought. Countless possible explanations fired off in his mind that was working harder than at any other moment in his life. They began to filter out, one by one. What remained were the certainties, calling for proof.

Shakily, he held out his hand. Rather than a weapon as he often summoned, a card popped into existence. His Adventurer Card. Jaune scanned the words written on it, zeroing in on one line.

EXP. Whenever he would kill something, the value changes.

Today, it stayed the same with a mountain-shaped hole in the numbers. He had not slain the turtle.

So, who did?

"It moved!"

Escha's words doused them all in an ice-cold sensation. Nobody questioned how a cat had talked, attention gripped in place by a greater priority. Jaune's head whipped up from the Adventurer Card, wild eyes roaming over the features of the adamantoise.

"Uh-oh."

"Uh-oh?" Noctis asked him. "This isn't the time for 'uh-oh'. Guys, get ready!"

Once again, Ignis was the voice of reason. "I don't think that's the turtle, Noct." The man squinted. "More like, there is something inside its mouth."

Indeed, the turtle remained immobile but for one place. Its lips shifted minutely, a mere twitch that could be dismissed as a trick of the light or a death sigh. It seemed harmless.

With a slight movement, the gargantuan mouth parted. It revealed two rows of un-turtlelike teeth, each tooth at least the size of a man.

Between this gap, a small object rolled out to hit the ground. A small, white, fluffy object.

Jaune now understood what that alarm ringing in his head was. An ability he had all but forgotten, yet was the most crucial power he possessed.

"Awww, it's a cute little bunny rabbit," said Prompto.


Author's Notes: Ring in the third round.
⠀⠀⣠⡶⢶⣦⠀⠀⠀⣠⡶⢶⣄⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⢰⡟⠀⠀⢹⣧⠀⣸⠏⠀⠀⢻⡆⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⣿⠁⠀⠀⠀⢿⣴⡿⠀⠀⠀⢸⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⣿⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸⣿⠇⠀⠀⠀⢸⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⢿⡆⠀⠀⠀⠈⣿⠀⠀⠀⠀⣸⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣀⣀⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⢸⣷⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢰⣟⠀⠀⠀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣾⠋⠉⠹⣇⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⣰⡿⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠹⣧⣶⠞⠋⠉⠀⠈⠉⠃⠀⠀⢠⡟⠀⠀⠀⠀
⢠⡿⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢹⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠈⠻⣦⡀⠀⠀
⣸⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢘⣷⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠘⢷⣄⠀
⢿⡇⠸⣿⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣴⣆⠀⢸⡏⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢻⡆
⠸⣧⡀⠀⠀⢀⣶⣶⡆⠀⠈⠁⣰⡟⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣸⡇
⠀⠙⠻⣦⣄⣀⣀⣈⣁⣀⣤⠾⠋⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣀⣠⣴⡶⢿⡿⠿⠶⣶⠶⠟⠀
⠀⠀⢠⡟⠉⢙⣿⠛⠋⠉⠁⠀⠀⣀⣠⣴⠶⠟⠛⠉⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠘⢿⣤⣘⣿⡀⠀⠀⢀⣴⡿⠋⠉⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠈⠉⠙⠛⠻⠿⠛⠉⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀

Rabbit facts - run…
Last edited: Aug 16, 2026
Stories:
QQ Sneaking His Way into the Multiverse , a RWBY Jaune, WC-lite mechanics story.
Other RWBY stories on AO3 or FF - Yakuza Arc | Conquered Menagerie: Annals of the Sixth Kingdom | Cat, Bunny, and the Good Ship Honey Starbright | The Agent
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Amrynel, soul22, Khellendrosiic and 269 others
LazyAutumnMoon
Aug 16, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 93: They Found a Rabbit Waiting There New
View content
LazyAutumnMoon
LazyAutumnMoon
We all need Sundancer in our life.
JoinedJun 7, 2024
Messages289
Likes received68,284
Sunday at 23:26
New
Add bookmark
#9,180

Chapter 93: They Found a Rabbit Waiting There
​

The true calamity had emerged.

"Don't. Move. The bunny is not what it seems."

Jaune stated this with utmost seriousness, graver than he had ever been. Sweat beaded on his brow, and not just from the desert heat. His gaze darted left and right, too aware of the vulnerable members of their party who needed to have their Aura unlocked now, now, now. Behind that gaze, a mind firing on all cylinders calculated the next few seconds to line up his necessary moves. (It went something like this: Run? Run.)

Alas, those like him too often found their wisdom ignored.

"Oh! Oh!" cried Bennett, the first to break. "Look at it thumping its little bunny foot, it's sooo cute!"

Near him, Prompto scrambled for his camera. "I've gotta take a picture with it!"

It grated, always being ignored or thought of as crazy for trying to warn the world. Still, Jaune understood this kind of naivety all too well, having stood in their place in a time not so long ago. Any number of stories about foul-tempered rodents was wholly insufficient. The human mind quite simply could not fathom the wickedness which lurked beneath the adorable facade. Exactly as planned by the wily rabbits, Jaune was sure. The species evolved to engineer this very scenario so that they may forever hunt their favorite prey.

Probably. It wasn't like his biology degree ever came in the mail (or that he applied for one in the first place). He just knew that the damn rabbit was evil. Evul, even.

…Mad, was he? Then why, even in a world without Grimm, do people go missing in the woods?

Anyway, it was up to him as a survivor to act. Thus, despite the risk of drawing the bunny's murderous attention, Jaune bravely moved forward to protect the others.

"Jaune, why are you standing behind me?"

"Shhh." Jaune covered Bennett's mouth with a hand, eyes rooted to the rabbit.

It had not attacked, but he had seen the slight twitch it made at the moment he shifted his position. The bunny's head was now turned minutely in their direction, one red eye glancing at them, at him, with a focus that the unaware would dismiss as a coincidence. It knew they were there, the cunning hare.

"Don't let it fool you," he continued. "Open your eyes. Look at the turtle."

Support came from an unexpected place to lend his words credence.

"Listen to him," said Gladiolus, glaring about. The authoritative tone got his people to simmer down, even arresting the crown prince in his tracks while Jaune retained a hold on Bennett. Jaune nodded to the man in thanks, and Gladiolus returned the gesture in kind before addressing his companions again. "Rabbits are easy to startle and this one just escaped from being eaten by the adamantoise. It's gonna be scared. We have to be gentle in our approach, got it?"

Hold up.

Jaune quickly interjected, "I meant that that thing is trouble."

"Right, it's in trouble," Ignis agreed while adjusting his glasses. "Getting eaten could have caused untold harm to its frail body. We must render aid at once. Noblesse oblige applies to more than just humans."

"Again, not quite what I said." Even if, objectively speaking, their words sounded so much more reasonable than what he was thinking.

He looked around for somebody on his side. Out of everyone, Escha was the single person to greet his repeated warnings with the appropriate response—she had seen the rabbit in action once before. All her fur stood on ends as she squatted at his feet, and the cat hissed with her lips peeled back at the vile abomination acting cute. Perhaps an innate feline sensitivity to danger was telling her that something was wrong with it, detecting the raging torrents of bloodthirst directed against them hidden behind that blank animal stare.

The rest, however, let their guards down and walked toward the rabbit without a care, chatting with levity. The suspicious manner of the adamantoise's death mattered less than the fact that it was dead, and with the newfound joy of surviving a disaster came carelessness. The prince and his men were ready to call this day a win. The absolute fools.

Gritting his teeth, Jaune darted in front of them, stopping the group with his arms spread out.

"Stay where you are," he barked, before checking over his shoulder. He breathed out a relieved sigh as he spotted the rabbit in the same place. They were still outside the range at which it would shed its guise to launch an attack. "You don't know how close you are to death, my friends. That rabbit…" He turned, pointing. "Is a killer."

"Uhhh, okay?' said Prompto. "If we're playing make-believe, then I guess I'll be the long lost heir of the Empire."

The problem with a group of friends with the same sense of humor was that when one started laughing, the rest would promptly follow suit. Jaune could not tell to whom the first snrk belonged to, and it did not matter. The quartet cracked up, all guffaws and slapping knees.

Amid the rousing humor, Jaune leveled a tepid look at the skinny blond. "Prompto, I don't need your sass right now," he deadpanned.

The unserious Prompto laughed again, and clapped him on the shoulder. "Come on, Jaune-Jaune." Jaune froze. "Thanks for worrying about us, but seriously, you're getting paranoid. It's almost like you're actually afraid of it or something."

"Scared of a rabbit? Eh, I guess everybody's got their reasons," said Gladiolus. He moved up, knocking a fist against Jaune's arm. "We'll be fine, kid. Just watch."

Of course, they could not believe him. He was The Boy Who Cried Rabbit, jumping at shadows. As they moved past him once more, Jaune let out a heavy breath.

No choice, now. He would have to risk the very lives he wished to save.

His gaze hardened, and Jaune whipped his arm around. As it aimed toward the rabbit, the rifle Ruhm snapped to his hand with his finger on the trigger. A half-formed curse slipped out of Prompto's mouth, and Gladiolus lunged for the gun, but neither could stop him in time. The moment the barrel lined up with the bunny, Jaune fired a shot.

The loud bang echoed across the desert plain, heralding death. Yet, before his ears stopped ringing, he had already realized his mistake and traded the rifle for a shield. To a stationary target, his marksmanship should have ended the problem then and there, but only a clod of dirt kicked up into the air after the bullet struck the ground. Of the bunny, its small form stood an inch apart from where he thought it was, watching him with its little red eyes.

"You absolute monster," one of his companions said.

"It is," Jaune agreed, digging in his heels as he braced for an imminent mauling. The mystery of how it made him miss his shot was a problem for later.

"We mean you! Are you crazy?" Noctis cried, as hands grabbed onto Jaune from every side to hold him back. The prince stomped in front of him, slamming an arm against his chest. "What did that bunny ever do to you?"

"Too many things," Jaune said with a thousand-yard stare.

Ignis pointed at the rabbit, on his face a fury such as Jaune had never seen. "I don't understand you. Why are you armed? Look at it, that rabbit is frozen in fear. Terrified out of its wits."

The plaintive tone stopped the retort on the tip of Jaune's tongue and he looked, really looked, at the people around him. At the confusion and betrayal etched upon their faces. They thought he was better than this.

Despite everything, his resolve began to waver, and it was with new clarity that his gaze returned to the rabbit. The docile, peaceful rabbit that had not made a single aggressive move this whole time. He strove to see what they saw.

"Does it, in any way, scream danger to you?" Ignis pleaded.

"No."

"There, see—"

"It murmurs 'I'll eat your little toesies off. For a start.' Mark my word, that rabbit is stone cold."

Four young men groaned in exasperation.

"Forget it," said Noctis. "Prompto, go grab the rabbit and let's get outta here. The heat is doing bad things to this guy's head."

Prompto performed a sloppy salute. "Aye-aye, Your Majesty."

The skinny blond split off from the group. Jaune tried to go after him, but Prompto's companions got in his way trying to talk him down. There was nothing to worry about, they told him. It was all in his head. Tempers flared hot as Bennett joined in on his side, and Jaune and him applied their greater strength to shove the others away.

For one little moment, his attention left the rabbit.

"Aaaaagh!"

A high-pitched scream rang out, carrying within it a primal, bone-deep fear that drew a shiver from every man there. Whirling toward the noise, they found Prompto on his rear clutching a bleeding hand.

"Prompto?" Ignis said uncertainly.

The skinny blond stammered a reply, but in his terror-stricken panic it came out as muddled nonsense. He kicked his legs to push himself back, away from the small figure nearby.

The rabbit had its back to them, and its body twitched and shook as if it was chewing on something.

"W-What is it eating?" Noctis asked, horror dawning. "Prompto, what is it eating?"

Before Prompto could speak, the bunny's head snapped around. The prince screamed as he beheld a face covered in red blood.

"Squeak!" the rabbit chittered, and launched itself at Prompto once more.

In an instant, Jaune was there. With one foot pulled back, he snarled a savage curse and punted the rabbit as hard as he could, sending the small creature bouncing across the ground back toward the slain adamantoise.

Over his shoulder, he shouted, "Run away!"

Nobody uttered a peep against him this time.


-o-
​

Jaune was the last to vault behind the rocky outcropping where everyone was hiding. This place made for a tight squeeze with six healthy people and a cat, but none of them complained, huddling in to minimize their bulk. Prompto laid at the very center of the group, carried here by his companions and dripping green goop from the healing potion that Escha had poured on him.

"Cats can talk…. Rabbits can kill…" Prompto chanted, rocking back and forth.

The miffed Escha whose medical advice had triggered a panic attack ignored Prompto to climb onto Jaune's shoulder, and they joined everybody still in fighting shape in poking their heads above the rocky outcropping to observe the bunny. It was a lot closer to them than Jaune would like, the time between him kicking it and its recovery having been too short for them to do anything but find the closest place to bunker down. Now puttering about near the adamantoise, the bunny would once in a while thump a foot against the fallen mountain as if kicking it in anger.

"What is that thing?" Gladiolus asked in a half-disbelieving voice.

"That, is the Beast of Caerbannog," said Jaune. "And I told you it was trouble. I told you."

If he sounded snide, forgive him. It had been quite a day.

"Perhaps it was an illusion," Ignis suggested, holding his chin.

Prompto awoke from his stupor. "It took a chunk out of my hand!"

"A very convincing illusion, then," Ignis allowed. "A defensive ability that allows it to waylay predators who would seek to do it harm. If we leave it alone, it might do the same in kind." The man sounded like he was trying to persuade himself.

Jaune coughed into his hand. "There's five hundred or so sets of skeletons in a cave that would beg to differ. That foul rodent reaps lives without discrimination."

"I still can't believe you were serious, boss. The rabbit's real."

"See, Bennett. I would never lie to you," Jaune lied. "I think it might be the reason why the adamantoise fell so easily, and the root cause of the earthquakes. It had been eating the turtle from the inside."

Shudders passed among the group as they each imagined the gruesome fate of the adamantoise, conjuring up visions of brain parasites and other such tales. Some acts went beyond the pale, and this nearly topped the list for most of the people present.

Prompto, still shaking, dared a look above the outcropping before hunching down again. "So, what now?" he whimpered. "Are we stuck here forever?"

"We can wait until nighttime," said Gladiolus. "Once it is asleep, escape will be a cinch."

"G-Good plan, Gladi-man. If you'd excuse me, gents, I'll be digging a hole to hide in."

Ignis chimed in. "You forget, we must arrange the harvesting of materials from the adamantoise. So long as the rabbit remains in the vicinity, anyone we send out here risks a bloody death."

That got an admiring nod from Jaune, whose thoughts went along the same lines. Leaving the rabbit alone was a poor proposition given the danger it posed to life.

"I'm going to take care of it," he said, drawing all eyes. "What, you worried about me? Let's just say…" A commotion broke out as he summoned a full suit of scaly armor to encase his form. "I have a few tricks up my sleeve that I haven't shown you yet."

"Ouch!"

"Watch it!"

"My spleen!"

Jaune grimaced as the spikes on the Rathalos hide continued to jab into the people huddled around him. "Oops. That looked a lot cooler in my head."

It was cool, the four locals agreed once the injuries he caused them stopped smarting. More inclined to believe him at this point, the mention of him fighting a dragon (technically a wyvern, but he preferred to call it a dragon) gained him a great measure of esteem in their eyes. The romance of dragon-slaying was one that crossed cultures and histories.

"I faced that rabbit twice already," Jaune informed them. "I know what it's capable of, and I've grown to the point where it isn't a threat to me. With all of you out of danger, I can confidently state that I got this covered."

Sharp teeth and a little hoppity hop. That made up the full arsenal of the rabbit, put to deadly use via its cunning mind. The Rathalos armor negated much of that, not to mention everything else he had amassed over the course of his journey since their last encounter. The enhanced durability imparted through the Adventurer Card, the Geo energy stemming from a trinket hanging off his belt, the… the…

Huh. Well, he had what he needed for these circumstances. That rabbit wouldn't know what hit it.

As he shifted position, ready to jump out of hiding, a hand landed on his shoulder. It belonged to Noctis, who pressed down signaling for him to wait.

"I have a better plan," the prince said. "I'm the fastest one here. A quick warp over there and we'll have rabbit stew to go with turtle soup, no chance for it to get away."

"Warp? That's your teleporting, right? Haha, no," Jaune replied. "You don't know what you're saying. That thing will kill you."

Yet, Noctis only chuckled with a confident air. The crown prince pushed off of the ground, and placed a foot over the rocks. He turned his head, giving a wink over his shoulder.

"No way I'll die here, not when I'm getting married soon."

For reasons Jaune could not adequately explain, a cold pit grew within his gut. However, he had no time to dissuade the royal fool or get him to stop long enough to unlock his Aura. In the blink of an eye, Noctis was behind the rabbit.

And in the blink of an eye, the rabbit was behind Noctis.

The prince stood too far to be heard, but the "Uhhh…" came through regardless due to his behavior, with Noctis looking around at the empty stretch of ground before him while carrying a lost expression.

"""Duck!"""" Jaune, Ignis, and Gladiolus shouted at the same time.

The rabbit's teeth snapped down on the empty spot that the prince's neck used to occupy. The creature landed on the ground, tilting its head in confusion for a moment before noticing the shadow that covered its form. Above, Noctis flailed in the air for balance, having teleported straight up rather than ducking as a non-teleporter might.

As gravity took hold, the prince turned the tip of his sword toward the ground, driving it down with both hands gripping the handle tight. Right before impact, Jaune managed a good look at what was happening with the rabbit. It curled up, seeming ready to spring. Except, it never jumped aside. A flicker, and Noctis's sword impaled deep into the dirt with the rabbit now several yards in front of its previous location, hunched in the same exact position. Another flicker, and it faced the complete opposite direction, glaring at Noctis. Now the rabbit sprang, bounding for him with its teeth glinting in the sunlight.

Noctis went to the left. The rabbit zapped to the left. He warped high. It followed suit.

"All of you are seeing this, correct?" Ignis said, quite weakly. "My eyesight has not gone completely blind, has it?"

Prompto answered, "If you mean the rabbit using Lucis royal magic, then yeah, I'm seeing it, too. I wish I didn't, but I do."

"This is not the time," Gladiolus chided them. "We have to help Noct!"

"How? We can't even keep up with them."

Numbly, Jaune nodded along. With the perspective of an outsider, he noted that the 'royal magic' was nothing but. It worked from different sources, discernible from how the prince created afterimages while the rabbit's was more of a puff of smoke. In practical terms, though, they were both teleporting.

That… That was new.

The chase between man and bunny continued with the two figures zipping back and forth in a frantic pace, sometimes moving onto the dead turtle to race across its massive head. Intermittent exchanges brought a lull where the prince's graceful swordplay would meet the rabbit's two front buckteeth. Contrary to every one of Jaune's expectations, Noctis came out on the losing side more often than not, with the rabbit using the momentum of its powerful leaps to the fullest to overwhelm the prince's attacks.

That it could directly match the strength of a grown man pointed to something strange happening here. Of course, Jaune arrived at a ready explanation for what it was. Like him, the rabbit had gained powers during their time apart.

"But how!?" Jaune cried, slamming a fist against the ground. "This isn't fair!"

With a final warp, the crown prince landed back in hiding among them. Covered in wounds, he slipped to the ground wheezing for breath as his companions caught him. Seeing that, Jaune immediately smashed one of Escha's healing potions to the side of his head, with Noctis shouting and the others trying to get between them until they recognized the green goop. The concoction slowly healed the injuries along with the swelling bump put there by the potion. A needle followed, summoned and stabbed into Noctis's bicep.

"Gah! Stop that!" Noctis yelped, slapping a hand over the spot on his arm.

"The stimpak will help keep that face in the boy band business," Jaune explained, vanishing the spent needle as he checked over the prince for more serious damage. "Anyway, good job."

Exhausted, the prince managed to halfheartedly cock an eyebrow. "Is that sarcasm? That monster beat me black and blue. Forget the turtle, because we're not getting it back. It's official. We are stuck in this desert forever."

"We're not quite done yet," Jaune assured him. "If you had given me time, I might have been able to change your loss to a win."

"Seriously? How?"

As his answer, Jaune slapped Noctis in the face.

"For it is in friendship that we change the—"

The prince smacked his hand away and slapped him right back. "What are you doing!?"

"Stop assaulting our prince!" his entourage cried.

"I'm helping!"

Unfortunately, his protests fell on deaf ears, with the prince inching away. The next minute saw him rushing through an explanation of Aura to much skepticism in an already poisoned well, while also fielding questions from Bennett and Escha on the rabbit's new abilities discovered via Noctis's sacrifice and what it meant for their strategy. No way, no how were they leaving something like that running around the Leide desert to eat Cindy's face off, which meant they had a murderous teleporting bunny looming in their near future.

"At the very least, it's territorial," Jaune said. "It's staying near the turtle for now, I think because it sees the adamantoise as its kill. That gives us a bit of leeway to set things up."

Escha gasped as an idea struck her. "You should set out bait! You're good at that!"

"Exactly," Jaune said, ruffling her fur. Behind the talking cat, an ongoing discussion between the prince and his retinue about whether they had been drugged by unknown hallucinogens went ignored. "The rabbit is an animal in the end. It doesn't possess the capacity for thought that you and I have. Our choice of bait is easy, anyway. We'll just have one of us stand out in the open. The challenge is the other half of the equation, how we will trap it. Bennett, thoughts?"

Bennett mulled it over, ultimately shaking his head. "I… I don't know. I'd need to study it for a while."

"Not a bad call," Jaune said, which perked Bennett up. "The biggest question on my mind is how its teleporting power works. That'd decide our approach."

Their immediate course determined, they poked their heads out of cover to observe their target.

"...Wait a minute, where did it go?"

A shadow fell over them.

From a higher outcropping, the rabbit stared down at the group with what Jaune could only call imperious disdain. The attitude of a higher being regarding its lessers, framed with the sun at its back. It snuffled, nose twitching.

"Scatter!" Ignis shouted, the quickest to regain his composure.

They parted like the tide, the prince going one way with his entourage shielding him using their bodies, Bennett and Escha heading the other direction. Jaune alone stayed, slamming down the visor of his helmet as he charged forward over the rocks. The rabbit thrived in chaos and panic. Give an inch, and it would leave bodies in its wake. Someone had to draw that creature's ire.

Crocea Mors leapt to his hand as the bunny launched off the outcropping, sharpened tip thrusting with lethal accuracy in order to skewer his opponent from end to end. Steel crashed against teeth.

Dust blew away in an intense shockwave, forcing Jaune to squint his eyes. Through his narrow vision, he beheld an impossible sight. He had witnessed the hardness of the rabbit's incisors, but… A blade once reforged in the flames of gods had encountered its match.

Golden Geo energy swirled into a sphere that encased him from all sides, pushing outward to knock the rabbit back. Between one moment and the next, the bunny teleported to bypass the shield altogether, upside-down with both feet aimed high. A rabbity double-kick sent Jaune's face snapping back, chin tilted up to expose his throat. Jaune choked out half a cry as big pointy teeth clamped onto him, crushing down with a dragon's strength.

He wasn't about to get his throat ripped out just yet, he reminded himself, fighting against the instinct to panic that every living thing, Aura or not, experienced when a predator had them in what should be a fatal position. Freeing his hands of sword and shield, he seized the rabbit and tore it away.

"Ha! I've got you"—the rabbit popped away in a puff of smoke—"now, crap, never mind."

Stupid teleporters.

It might be his eyes playing tricks on him, but he could have sworn he saw the word 'POOF' within the dissipating smoke, like a cartoon. There was no time to dwell on it, though. A hair-raising scream alerted him to the rabbit's change in victim.

Over the dry, cracked ground, four men shouted like little girls while desperately protecting their vitals as a flash of white bounced between them, ripping deep gashes wherever it sank its teeth. Noctis was in the best position to try and stick a blade in the rabbit, the attacks aimed at him intercepted by the others for the most part. The prince was less adept at fighting teleporters than being one, however, swiping his sword madly as he chased after the bunny.

"Noct, watch it!"

"I got him, I got him—WAIT, stop, don't swing, I don't got him!"

"We should regroup. Everyone form up!"

"To where, Ignis. To where? Ahhhh!"

They were doing pretty alright.

The tight quarters created by four people facing a tiny foe kept him from rushing in, though. This was a problem also felt by Bennett and Escha, armed yet not at all dangerous to the rabbit as they hesitated outside fighting range.

For a moment, Ruhm dropped into Jaune's hands, but he reconsidered the idea. Firing into an ongoing melee was how one caused a friendly-fire incident. Thinking fast, he swapped the firearm out for the glass jars filled with healing potion, slinging them in quick succession to render aid for the wounded combatants.

"Yes! I just cut a leg!" Noctis cheered.

A glass jar shattered.

"Oh gods, it's healed up again!"

Like he said, it thrived in chaos and panic. The rabbit was smarter than it appeared. It certainly had nothing to do with his misjudgment.

While he contemplated whether another healing potion would even up the odds or doom the crown prince of the kingdom, Escha screeched to a halt at his feet with Bennett on her heels. She spat out the boomerang gripped between her teeth, vibrating with nerves.

"Jaune, Jaune, what's the plan?"

"I don't have one."

"Weh?"

Oh shoot, he wasn't supposed to say that. This Jaune Arc always had a plan.

He snapped his fingers. A metal loop that had not been there a second earlier was now twirling around and around a knuckle.

"Do you know what this is?"

Both boy and cat looked closer at the thin band, with Bennett recognizing it first. "That's the collar that Miss Lisa likes to wear, isn't it? Uh, boss, I don't think she'll be happy if you bring home another girlfriend."

"What, no," Jaune spluttered. "Another girlfriend? I don't even—You know what, that's not important. Big fight going on, we need to focus. This is a choker and Lisa wears hers for medical reasons. It suppresses powers."

Escha gasped. "Like tele-potting."

Understanding dawned for Bennett.

"If we put it on the rabbit, it'll become helpless!"

Jaune made a so-so gesture, cutting that notion at the knees. "It stops the teleporting. No guarantees on anything else."

Even at baseline, the bunny constituted a menace. To society, and to life. Anybody who considered it helpless was asking to lose fingers.

"Get the rabbit's attention. Get this choker on it. Get it in containment," Jaune said, numbering his points one by one on a hand. It sounded simple, didn't it? Very confident? He was winging it, honestly.

The emboldened Bennett, in the midst of readying his blade, lowered his weapon and blinked a few times at him. "Don't you mean stab it with a sword?"

"If you see an opportunity, take it. Otherwise, so long as we have a chance, there's something I want to check on first. As for the how…"

He performed a mental rundown of the items in his Pocket, searching for one that would work. Funnily enough, cages and sedatives were not among the necessities to his trade, leaving him to settle for the closest equivalent he had on hand.

"I really have to thank Hu Tao."

Over by the rabbit, Noctis and company were in the middle of getting the tar beaten out of them. There one moment, gone the next, the bunny never allowed them more than a split second to react. With grit and teamwork, they held on.

And then Jaune came smashing through like a freight train.

Weathering stray shots and friendly fire, he wielded only a sword without shield or armor. The rabbit would be tempted by nothing less.

"Form up behind me!" he called out. "I'll draw its attention!"

As the others pulled back, he kicked out with a foot, blasting a gout of rocket fire for good measure. In response, the bunny went from the ground to perching on his leg with barely time in between, and raced up his body at a speed that defied belief.

A knife lanced past his throat, preventing the rabbit's teeth from catching hold. Its owner, Ignis, then ducked to avoid a faceful of fluffy death. A shadowy limb launched by Jaune passed above him to follow their diminutive opponent.

The rabbit twisted in the air to get its head around, biting through [Third Arm] and destroying the limb. Its little feet barely touched the dirt before its entire form blurred, zigzagging right back toward the group.

Jaune stomped the ground and beat his chest, presenting a loud and big target for the rabbit to focus on while everyone else waited in the wing. The moment it entered his range, he stabbed at it with Crocea Mors, whiffing air as the bunny vanished without a trace. A powerful impact then struck him from behind to send him stumbling.

His foe reappeared by his wrist, moving fast as a rocket. It clamped down on him in passing, pulling him off his feet entirely. Up became down, and down became up, with Jaune shouting in surprise as he swung a full circle to slam against the hard ground on his back, the air knocked out of him. Head spinning, he watched fluffy white death fall down on him from above.

Noctis met it in the sky, sword whipping out to gut the foul beast. The rabbit bypassed him, but found that the prince had anticipated the ploy, suffering the heel of a hard boot as Noctis kicked downward without looking. Squeaking, it hit the ground, bouncing off.

Escha tackled the rabbit, and they went down in a tangle of teeth and claws. Jaune rolled to his feet to the sight of a ferocious struggle, with Escha trying to scratch out the rabbit's eyes as it mauled her ear.

"Don't touch my friends!" Escha cried, meowing in pain as a mere few seconds facing off against the rabbit sent her Aura crashing, the pink glow around her already flickering.

The first to reach them was Gladiolus, his weapon of a greatsword left in the dirt so it would not slow him down. The man grabbed both cat and bunny to tug them apart, losing a strip of flesh from wrist to elbow in the process as the rabbit directed its anger his way. A healing potion smashed against his head.

"Fucking—Would you please stop doing that!?" the man roared while covered in green goop. The skin and flesh on his wounded arm pulled back together while he fended off the rabid bunny trying to chomp on his fingers.

"Pain is good for you," Jaune called back, sprinting over. "It shows you're alive!"

Their shouting seemed to confuse the rabbit, or at least gave it pause as it decided which of them it wanted to silence first. Ultimately, it went with the one already bleeding, sinking its fangs into the mending flesh. Gladiolus screamed through clenched teeth, fighting back the pain to desperately shake the rabbit off.

"Keep a hold of it," Jaune ordered him. Too late, for the rabbit had weighed the odds and cut its losses, releasing Gladiolus to poof away in a cloud of smoke.

The metal band appeared in Jaune's free hand. Where is it going to show up, he thought as his gaze flicked back and forth. A weight landed atop his head to answer that question.

Quick as a whip, he swung the open choker above him. The ends snapped close around empty air, the rabbit already gone. A shout of pain from Noctis told him where he was needed.

Looking that way, he quickly picked apart the scene. Noctis holding back the rabbit, with Prompto just turning around. The distance from here to there.

"Prompto!" he yelled, throwing the metal choker. "Put it on the bunny!"

Something seemed to click in Prompto's head at the commanding tone. The normally clumsy one among the four Lucians snatched the choker out of the air and dropped to a knee in one motion. The rabbit, sensing danger, vanished in a blink. Jaune did not even get the chance to figure out which way it had gone before Prompto threw the metal band.

"Ignis, it's your show," Prompto said.

And then it was Bennett's show, then Ignis again, then Escha. The metal band passed back and forth as an explanation of its function and Jaune's plan filtered out to the others. Division of roles began to take shape, with half of them serving as bait while the other half worried about neutralizing the rabbit's abilities.

Somehow, Noctis ended up alongside Jaune, Bennett, and Gladiolus on the front line. The amount of blood that spilled from the crown prince of the kingdom in the ensuing minutes would probably get Jaune the executioner's axe should news of it ever reach Lucis.

"I got this," the prince insisted, to all evidence of the contrary. "Like I'd die here, I still—"

Jaune slapped a hand over the young man's mouth, then with it pulled the prince by the face to get him out of the rabbit's path. Nasty big pointy teeth narrowly missed the royal jewels, drawing a collective breath of relief from the prince's entourage.

The rabbit landed in their midst, coming around for a second go at ending the Lucis line.

A soft click announced the next phase.

It had been Escha in the end, through a plot hatched with Prompto where she hung on his back and swung down like a monkey at a crucial moment. Suddenly, the rabbit had nowhere to go, surrounded on all sides. Jaune's foot met it an instant later, punting it against a rock.

"Escha, use [Feline Battlecry] on the rabbit!"

Escha answered him with a firm nod, and drew a breath. The resulting meow rang across the desert, loud and grating on the ears like a whole bunch of cats yowling at midnight. It attracted the attention of the rabbit, the people fighting said rabbit, plus all the wildlife that happened to be in the vicinity, because its effect wasn't actually to direct at a specific target or do anything except being very annoying. A distraction, and nothing more.

As the high, screeching note petered out, Jaune brought his hands together above his head. With a loud cry, he summoned his ultimate attack (Ver. II). A long wooden box appeared, standing on his palms. The lid swung open, and he slammed the box down with full force.

The rabbit, stripped of its new powers, could only leap aside on its own strength. A beat too late, it smacked against the inner wall of a meticulously lacquered coffin inlaid with the softest velvet padding. The edges struck the ground in the next moment to seal it inside.

The ensuing silence could have been appropriate for a funeral. Heart thundering, Jaune waited for something to go wrong. For a power-up out of the blue that would let the foul rodent turn the table.

None came.

Noctis broke the silence first. "Uhhh, why do you have a coffin on you?"

His retinue hemmed and hawed along the same line, each very concerned of a matter that was none of their business.

"I know a girl."

"That says nothing to us. Who is this girl? Does she have a screw loose?"

"She sounds dangerous, dude."

"Naw, she's a sweetheart. Think Cindy, but with a graveyard. I—whoa!"

The whole coffin with Jaune on it had shifted to one side, pushed from within. That froze everyone solid, until the coffin rattled again. Then, it became a full-on scramble to pile atop him and the coffin, adding weight to keep the box still.

"I told you," Jaune did not miss a chance to say again, casting his gaze from face to face. "I told you, but did you listen? Just a bunny, my foot."

"Give it a rest, man. We get it. Ugh, I don't know what that thing is, but it doesn't belong in this world," said Prompto, striking the nail on the head by accident.

Ignis held out a bleeding arm. "I'm more concerned with the fact that nobody will believe us. I will have to carry these nibble marks with me forever, hiding it from everybody who asks that I got it from a killer bunny."

"At least you have the turtle's carcass," Jaune said, which perked everybody right up.

The mood took a happier turn as it dawned on the prince and his friends that they were outright legends soon to be famous the world over, with guesses on just how much the adamantoise was worth. No matter how they sliced it, a big payout awaited them in the future. Not to mention the free food and drinks that they would likely get in every eatery from here to their destination for their story of today.

Jaune sensed it in the air, the end of an adventure. He kept quiet about it, letting everybody else enjoy the high of their success.

"Well then," said Ignis. "It's off to Galdin Quay, and from there Altissia. To get Noctis to his bride."

A rousing cheer greeted this proclamation, with many a slap on the prince's back for his upcoming marriage. Jaune wouldn't be present for the event, but he was happy about it nevertheless. He passed the groom a gift then and there, a bottle of the finest Spirytus to crack open at the wedding. Plus another bottle for this moment, with the cups to go along with it.

The sound of snapping wood cut short their celebration. All eyes turned to a small break on the coffin.

A rabbit's adorably twitching snout poked out of the hole, and an unholy screech echoed across the desert.

Six grown men and a cat screamed at the top of their lungs.


-o-
​

The tranquil afternoon dragged on and on, the hours spinning lazily toward the evening. A content yawn slipped out between Lisa's lips as she lounged on the couch of her rental home… base.

In her hand she held a tablet that was at once years ahead of what she knew yet familiar and intuitive in a way that something like Jaune's phone—wouldn't catch her dead calling it a scroll—never could be. A flick of her finger and headline after headline rolled by, not a one making mention of superpowered heroes, villains, accidents, 'accidents', Endbringers, or the Slaughterhouse Nine.

Little news for peaceful days, as she enjoyed the warm, insipid comfort of a world where everything went right for Lisa Wilbourn. Life had never gone so smoothly.

She wasn't certain if she liked it. It left her with this feeling of both utter calm and a yearning for something she could not adequately explain. Something… more?

It had been days since she put on her costume.

The portal on the wall flickered on, and Lisa found a big fox-like grin popping up on her face without meaning to. Life wouldn't be so peaceful anymore.

Her head tilted back to look behind the couch, just in time for Jaune to appear through the portal. Crossing within 4-6 seconds of activation. Ooh, he must be on a high.

"Did you have fun?" she chirped. "Bring back anything we can sell?"

A split second pause and a flick of his gaze told her that Jaune was clearly checking out her legs, which were dressed for the winter and for comfort in thick sweat pants. The soft sigh of disappointment was music to her ears.

The poor baby didn't get his eye candy. Sucks to suck.

It ceased to be amusing as she recalled one important detail, that some among the house's occupants had gotten more careless than her in the absence of boys. Her gaze drifted over to the other person hanging out in the room. Kiwi, who was in tank top and thong and didn't seem in any hurry to cover up. Give people an inch and they take a mile.

"Well, I got this," said Jaune, drawing her attention back to him. The goof turned around, grabbing a box carried by a triumphant Bennett and Escha over their heads like some sort of cartoon skit.

No, wait, that was not a simple box.

"Jaune, what are you doing with that coffin?"

Rather than replying, the boy walked over the dining table to slam the coffin on the surface where it shook and rattled, the noise leading Lisa and Kiwi to get up for a look. Lisa pushed past the furiously blushing Bennett trying to cover his eyes, scooting in next to Jaune as she put a little more effort into sussing out the details.

Something small, something angry.

"Heh. Something borrowed, something blue~"

"Hm?"

"Nothing. Just remembered a silly thing." She leaned down, pressing her ear to the wooden lid. "Now, what did you get me?"

She stopped grinning. Her face rapidly began to pale.

"Check the Company scroll I left with you for how much this is worth now." Jaune said above her. "Because I have a number in my head, and if it doesn't match up to that, I'm skewering this rabbit."

Oh, it was never boring with this fool around.


Universe: Final Fantasy. Location: Leide Region Desert
Event: The Start of the Journey
Loot: swords of various brands (Broadsword, Flame Tongue, Ice Brand), greatswords of various brands (War Sword, Brennaere Blade, Hardedge, Thunderbolt), spears of various brands (Storm Lance, Ice Spear), firearms of various brands (Handguns, Cocytus, Calamity), Hammerhead rest stop postcards, snacks, fishing rods, adamantite fragments, adamantoise meat, the Beast of Caerbannog
​

The Beast of Caerbannog
Universe: Monty Python
Scientific Name: Annihilatus adorabilus
The most foul, cruel, and bad-tempered rodent you'll ever set eyes on, now back with a vengeance. But surely you can handle a cute littleaaargh!

The cutest death watches the world, and desires that everything ends.
It knows where you are.

Author's Notes: And so, the rabbit returned to the shop. Ready to meet a new owner, and a new universe.

The best parts of FFXV, for me, were the light-hearted moments. Those wouldn't last, but there's meaning in that, too.
Stories:
QQ Sneaking His Way into the Multiverse , a RWBY Jaune, WC-lite mechanics story.
Other RWBY stories on AO3 or FF - Yakuza Arc | Conquered Menagerie: Annals of the Sixth Kingdom | Cat, Bunny, and the Good Ship Honey Starbright | The Agent
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Amrynel, mom0mo, soul22 and 291 others
LazyAutumnMoon
Sunday at 23:26
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Prev  
1
2
3
4
 
Jump to new
Threadmarks
Index
Extras
View content
Heliel43



Write your reply...
Empty

 Post reply
 
More options
Share:
Reddit
Pinterest
Tumblr
WhatsApp
Email
Link
Similar threads
AndrewJTalon
 [NSFW] [RWBY] Plan C (Yang/Jaune/Ruby)
AndrewJTalon Jul 31, 2026 Words: 3.4k jaune arc jaune arc/ruby jaune arc/yang xiao-long
Replies6
Views2K
Aug 16, 2026
Andy333
Andy333
HarderThanDefined
 [NSFW] Wreckers (RWBY)
HarderThanDefined Aug 15, 2026 Words: 39k anthology jaune arc porn
Replies16
Views7K
Aug 22, 2026
MagnificentMind
MagnificentMind
Nandor de Laurentiis
Thread watched
[NSFW] Somwhere To Be (Disco Elysium Jaune Arc.)
Nandor de Laurentiis Jul 15, 2026 Words: 15k 1 2 disco elysium fluff before smut jaune arc
Replies54
Views6K
Jul 21, 2026
glAssbOy
AndrewJTalon
[NSFW] [RWBY] Purity (Jaune Arc/Arslan Atlan)
AndrewJTalon Jan 30, 2026 Words: 2.8k arslan atlan jaune arc rwby
Replies8
Views2K
Jan 31, 2026
The Hero named Villain
The Hero named Villain
[NSFW] Winter is Coming (Invincible x RWBY)
eratas123 Jul 26, 2026 Words: 4.7k jaune arc rwby rwby au
Replies5
Views2K
Jul 26, 2026
Dust shaker
Dust shaker
Forums NSFW NSFW Creative Writing 
Style chooser
Contact usTerms and rulesPrivacy policyHelpRSS
Community platform by XenForo® © 2010-2024 XenForo Ltd. Design by: Pixel Exit