Steal the Truth, Reach Out For Your Heart

Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at https://archiveofourown.org/works/25063726.

Rating: Teen And Up Audiences
Archive Warning: No Archive Warnings Apply
Categories: F/M, Gen, Other, F/F
Fandoms: Persona 4, Persona 5, Persona Series, Persona 3
Relationships: Nanako Dojima & Ren Amamiya, Kujikawa Rise/Narukami Yu, Suzui

Shiho/Takamaki Ann, Amamiya Ren/Dojima Nanako
Characters: Dojima Nanako, Amamiya Ren (Persona Series), Sakamoto Ryuji,

Takamaki Ann, Kitagawa Yusuke, Niijima Makoto, Sakura Futaba,
Okumura Haru, Morgana (Persona Series), Akechi Goro, Dojima
Ryotaro, Narukami Yu, Satonaka Chie, Amagi Yukiko, Kujikawa Rise,
Tatsumi Kanji, Shirogane Naoto, Hanamura Yosuke, Kuma | Teddie
(Persona Series), Niijima Sae, Sakura Sojiro, Shido Masayoshi,
Kamoshida Suguru, Kaneshiro Junya, Madarame Ichiryusai, Kawakami
Sadayo, Ohya Ichiko, Sanada Akihiko, Phantom Thieves of Hearts,
Investigation Team (Persona Series), Adachi Tohru, Iori Junpei, Female
Persona 3 Protagonist, Kirijo Mitsuru, Takeba Yukari, Yamagishi Fuuka

Additional Tags: Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence, Alternate Timelines, Mash-up
Language: English
Collections: Marigolds Discord Recs
Stats: Published: 2020-07-04
Updated: 2026-04-07
Words: 413,383
Chapters:

412/?



Steal the Truth, Reach Out For Your Heart
by thatoneguychris

Summary

April of 2020, Ren Amamiya has a chance encounter with Masayoshi Shido that sends his
life careening out of control.

In February of 2021, just months before he leaves his hometown of Inaba to head to Tokyo,
he has a chance encounter with classmate Nanako Dojima.

When Nanako finds out Ren is being forced to leave for the big city, she can't let go of the
injustice.

And follows him.

--

This is a what-if: What if the "small town" that Joker lived in was Inaba? What if the XX in
20XX was 2021, 10 years after the events of Persona 4? What if Nanako still needed to settle
the shadows of the events of her childhood?

It's Showtime!



Chapter 1: 2/14 - Morning

Monday, February 14 

MORNING 

“Nanako-chan, did you make chocolates for anyone?” 

Nanako Dojima looked up from her phone, caught off-guard by the question.

“Oh, uh, no! Not this year!” she said with a big smile. The two girls sitting in front of her,
Hana and Hanako, weren’t really Nanako’s friends, but they were friendly enough. Hanako
looked disappointed.

“Aw. I thought for sure if anyone was going to have a special someone for Valentine’s Day
it’d be you.” 

“Me?” 

“Well, obviously,” said Hana. “You’re beautiful, smart, nice, a well-respected member of the
student council. You’re a total catch.” 

“Aha, you’re being too nice,” said Nanako. “Besides, I don’t really have time for a boyfriend
right now.” 

“Such a dependable thing to say,” Hanako said with a dreamy sigh. “If I were more like you,
maybe I’d have a boyfriend…” 

The morning chime rings and the class settles down. The door swung open and the
homeroom teacher strode in confidently - if a tiny bit late.

“Good morning, class.” 

The class answered in unison: 

“Good morning, Hanamura-sensei.” 

And another day began. 

Maybe it was because it was homeroom and Yosuke was her teacher, or maybe because it
was Valentine’s Day, or maybe it was because of the dreams she was having lately, but
Nanako couldn’t concentrate. Her mind felt like it was in a fog, drifting from thought to
thought, never quite coalescing into a meaning train. 

Everything felt empty. 

Empty was a good word for it. Once the word crossed her mind, she realized it described the
feeling she’d been having for a while. 



As the Hanas had said, Nanako was doing well. Her grades and class ranking were good, she
was well-liked, she had a lot of responsibility in the student council, she even did well on the
volleyball team. By all markers of modern Japanese society, she should be happy - riding the
high of being on top of her game. And sure, maybe she didn’t have a pile of chocolate on her
desk, but that wasn’t what she was missing, either. There had been a couple of boys who had
flirted with her early in the year, but she had shut that down immediately. She could have led
that along, if getting a boyfriend had been important to her. 

But it wasn’t.

Nor was doing well in school, or being liked by her classmates. 

Nanako went through the motions, because she was expected to, and she cared enough to not
ruin her future by slacking off. 

But where was the meaning? 

She flipped her notebook open to a blank page and started making a list. 

“Things that are important.” 

Number one: Dad. 

Ryotaro Dojima was still a cop through and through, but things had gotten so much better in
the last ten years. Especially seven years ago.

Number two: Mom. 

Against all odds, Ryotaro Dojima had fallen in love when Nanako was 8. And against all
odds, he got married when Nanako was 9. Her name was Kaho, and if Nanako had sat down
and written a list of traits she wanted in a mother, she would’ve had a perfect score. She was
kind to Nanako, loved her father enough to be stern with him when he needed it and yet care
for him and his tremendous stress. She was an amazing cook, loved to go on day trips and
vacations, and make even the simple things a celebration. 

Nanako remembered when she was ten when she asked if she could call Kaho “mom.” Not
that Nanako felt any disrespect to her birth mother, Chisato, but…her memory had already
started to fade by then. Nanako had been so young when she died. But Kaho worked hard to
always honor Chisato during important holidays, and the whole family always celebrated her
birthday. 

Number three: Big bro. 

Yu was back in Tokyo, living the city life and working on his career. He came to Inaba often,
though, and her fondness for Yu had never faded. 

Even if she had since backed off her childhood dreams of marrying him. 

Number four, in no particular order: Chie, Yukiko, Kanji, Rise, Naoto, Teddie, and Yosuke.
The rest of her family, the people she could count on day or night, no matter how far away 



they were or how long it had been since they talked. 

Number five: ____.

She thought for a few minutes, but couldn’t think of a number five. 

And maybe that was the problem. 

She hadn’t found anything for herself that was important. 

Her closest friends were actually big bro’s friends - people that were ten years older than her
and in the middle of building their careers. And while she loved them dearly, and they her,
they weren’t…peers. Somehow in that bizarre summer of 2011, they had become bonded
together. 

If Nanako was honest with herself, she had to admit that she’d been waiting for the same
thing to happen to her. She figured that once she got to high school, she’d find her own group
- just like big bro and his friends. 

But they didn’t appear.

“Didn’t appear yet,” Nanako whispered to herself. There was still time. She was ending her
first year, but there were two more to go. Maybe being amazing would pay off in the long run
and she’d find her forever friends. 

“Dojima,” the kid in front of her whispered. She looked up from her notebook and saw that
he was passing back a worksheet.

“Sorry,” Nanako whispered and took her assignment. 



Chapter 2: 2/14 - Lunchtime
Chapter Summary

Nanako springs into action as a member of the student government. Justice must prevail!

“Dojima-san! There’s a problem!” 

Nanako looked up from her lunch. Two girls from class 1-C had just burst into the room,
looking a little out of breath. She ran through her mental list: Emiko Ito and Fumi Gara. She
didn’t know either personally, so this must be a student government issue. 

“How can I help?” Nanako asked. Ito looked around, then leaned in close to whisper. 

“We were just peeped on. And I think he took pictures, too.” 

Nanako got to her feet immediately, scowling.

“Who?” 

“It was Okura,” Gara whispered. 

Sadao Okura, class 1-B. Nanako was in his class in middle school. He was a quiet kid,
smaller than most of the other boys, and preferred to read than join in any school events.
Nanako had a few conversations with him in middle school, and he’d always been polite.
Peeping seemed out of character for him - but she had to admit that she didn’t really know
him. 

“I’ll handle this,” Nanako declared. Both of the girls looked relieved, and Nanako knew why.
Accusing someone like that, without proof, could be messy. If Nanako did it on behalf of
them and the student government, Nanako would be protected from retaliation. 

It made Nanako angry to think that the system was so stacked against the victims, but she
didn’t have time to fume about it now. She strode out of her classroom and into the hallway.
First she went to Okura’s classroom, but he wasn’t there. 

Maybe he snuck off to the library? 

She went to the second floor, but he wasn’t there either. And the allotted lunch time was
running out. 

The roof? 



It was what her gut told her, and seeing as she didn’t have any other leads, she went with it.
She rushed up the stairs and pushed onto the roof.

Okura was perched beneath one of the solar panels, clutching his head. 

“Okura!” Nanako yelled, pointing her finger across the distance. There wasn’t anyone else on
the roof. 

“A-ah! Dojima-san!” Okura stumbled, trying to get off the solar panel, but instead he hit his
head on the underside of the panel. His glasses skittered across the roof. He fell to his hands
and knees, groping around for the glasses while still wincing from his head. 

“Why would you do something like that? You know you’ll have to turn yourself in, right?”

“I-I didn’t do it!” he yelped, practically squeaking. “Dojima, you have to help me, I’m being
framed!” 

Nanako paused and examined her suspect. “The truth comes slowly” her dad had always told
her. If she rushed to conclusions, then she might miss out on a clue. If she waited a little, he
might give himself up. 

“Explain, then,” Nanako said, crossing her arms. 

“I was just in the wrong place at the wrong time. I was walking down the hallway, past the
classroom. All the guys were outside waiting for the girls to finish changing. Then Ueno slid
the door open and took a bunch of pictures with his phone. The speakers was still on and the
sound of the click was still very audible. It just so happened that I was looking at my phone at
the same time. Before I could do anything, Ueno grabbed me and yelled that I was the one
peeping and taking pictures.” 

Daizo Ueno, son of a local politician and all-around irritating rich asshole. Nanako had the
distinct displeasure of seeing him at a few events the police held every year. He hit on every
girl he met and acted like he was doing them a favor. 

“Let me see your phone,” Nanako said.

“Huh? Why?” 

“If you didn’t do it, you wouldn’t have pictures on your phone,” she said. Okura nodded
slowly and reached into his pocket, handing it to her. 

“B-but, it’s been about twenty minutes, isn’t that enough time to delete the pictures?” 

“Mm, true, but there’s always data ghosts we could look for. For the record, Okura, I believe
you. I still need to bring this to the principal, but once we show him your clean phone and
Ueno’s probably-dirty phone, it’ll all get sorted out.” 

“Really?” 



“Really,” Nanako said with a reassuring smile. “Let me hold onto the phone in the meantime,
just so we can prove you didn’t tamper with it.” 

“Okay, that’s a good idea,” Okura said. His breathing was starting to get under control again. 

“Don’t worry, Okura. Justice will be served.” 



Chapter 3: 2/14 - After School
Chapter Summary

Nanako struggles with a broken school administration. She meets a trickster at a shrine.

AFTER SCHOOL

“I’m afraid we’ll have to contemplate expulsion over this,” the principal said.

Okura looked like he was going to fall over and die. 

“What?!” Nanako yelled. It took every ounce of self-control she had to not leap out of the
chair. “But didn’t you hear what I said? Ueno was the one who took the pictures, I’ve had
Okura’s phone all day.” 

“But that doesn’t mean he couldn’t have deleted the pictures,” the principal said dryly. 

“That can be checked. The police have methods of looking for data ghosts - traces of old
information that remains on a computer or phone even after it’s been deleted.” 

“Ms. Dojima, I don’t have any intention of bothering the police with a school matter.” 

“My father is a detective, I’m sure he wouldn’t mind-” 

“Dojima,” the principal interrupted. “You’ve done your duty as a member of the student
government, and I thank you for that. However, this is now no longer your concern. This is
now a matter for Okura and his parents. You must leave.” 

Nanako stood. She opened her mouth. 

The rage inside her belly felt like it could incinerate the whole school. But she said nothing. 

“Yes sir,” she said. She turned around, but looked at Okura before walking out.

“I’m sorry,” she whispered.

“You tried. Thank you,” Okura said. He voice quavered. 

Nanako went into the hallway before the tears could escape. They felt boiling hot on her
cheeks, as if superheated by her rage. 

Ueno. 



She stormed down the stairs and through the front gates of Yasogami High. Ueno was
sauntering down the street with a couple of his buddies when Nanako caught up to him.

“Ueno! You liar!” 

The group of guys turned around. 

“Oh snap, Daizo, I didn’t know you got it in with Dojima. Nice!” 

“Looks like you pissed her off though, what’d you do?” 

“Hey man, be careful, her dad’s a cop.” 

Ueno ignored the comments. 

“What’s up, Nana-chan?” 

“Don’t call me that. And you know what’s up. You took some pictures of the girls in 1-C,
then you blamed it on Okura!” 

“Did I?” 

“You did, and you know it. You have to go in and tell them the truth, the principal is talking
about expelling Okura!” 

“So? Shouldn’t he be expelled? Sexual harassment is a big deal. He should be punished for
those horrible acts.” 

“But you’re the one that committed them! He’s innocent, and you’re about to ruin his life!” 

“So you want me to ruin mine, instead? Why do you get to decide who’s punished and who’s
not? Are you God?” Ueno said. 

“Come on, you gotta be kidding me, your dad wouldn’t let something bad like that happen to
you, you’d probably just get a slap on the…” 

And then it clicked for her. 

As much as she hated the idea, she had thought that if Ueno turned himself in he’d get a
reprimand and then let go, because his father was too influential. But she was wrong.

This was his father’s influence. He didn’t want his son in any type of trouble, so he was more
than willing to sacrifice Okura. 

“You…” Nanako said through grit teeth. 

“Ah, you finally understand. Listen, Nana-chan, it’s been great, but I gotta get going. But hey,
if you wanna see me sometime, just text me.” 

He winked. He and his crew sauntered down the road. 



“Darn it,” Nanako hissed to herself. 

Normally Nanako went straight home, but today she let herself wander the streets of Inaba. 

It wasn’t fair. 

None of it. 

Even the principal, whom she had respected, wasn’t above the petty influence of politicians.
There was probably money involved, too. 

And Okura…Okura, who had always tried to blend in, to never be noticed. Now he was
noticed and going to suffer for it. 

Would he go to court? To jail? 

Would that record follow him the rest of his life?

Her wandering took her into the Tatsuhime Shrine. She wasn’t very religious, so she usually
only came to the shrine when it had to do with her mother. But right now, the place was calm
and spiritual.

“Why is it I’m nothing but anger and emptiness?” Nanako said to the shrine. The ema, the
wooden wishes, jostled a little with the wind. 

“I used to be so happy. And I still am but…when something like this happens…I just…” 

She reached into her bag and pulled out some coins and placed them into the shrine box.
Then she picked up one of the blank ema and started writing on it with a marker. When she
finished it, she read it aloud. 

“I wish for Justice, and for Okura to be spared this unjust fate.” 

She put it on the shrine and bowed her head in a small prayer. 

“How serious are you about that wish?” 

Nanako spun around. 

Sitting nearby was a beautiful fox with a red apron tied around its neck. Nanako’s eyes
widened.

“Hey…I remember you,” she said. “Did…did you just talk?” 

“Over here, Dojima.” 

Nanako heard the voice again, but it was more to her left. Nanako turned her head and saw
the figure standing nearby. 

“O-oh. Oops.”



She looked at the fox. She could swear it smiled at her before it padded off. 

She turned back to the figure and swallowed.

It was Ren Amamiya. 

Ren Amamiya was Nanako’s crush back in year one of middle school.

There was something…otherwordly, about him. He was graceful, even at that age. He was
tall and lithe, like a cat. His eyes were strikingly beautiful. And he was so effortlessly stylish.
Even in his school uniform, the way he carried himself just oozed confidence and darkness.
Not an evil darkness -  a mysterious one. Like he was just a little bit dangerous.

Of course, he was also a little bit of a prankster in middle school, which had contributed to
the fading of her crush in the middle of year two. But there was still something about him
that made Nanako nervous. Especially since he’d matured in the last year of high school.

“Amamiya-kun,” Nanako said. “It’s not polite to listen to other people’s wishes.” 

“You wrote it on an ema. Anyone can see it,” he pointed out.

“That’s not the point,” she said, trying to sound indignant. 

“You didn’t answer my question. How serious are you about that wish?” 

“Very. Something happened today with Okura, from-” 

“I know. I was there.” 

“You were?” Nanako said, shocked.

“Yes. I saw what happened. It was definitely Ueno, and Okura’s taking the fall for it. And I’m
sure his dad had something to do with it,” Amamiya said. 

“That’s what I thought too. But if you saw it, you can be a witness. You can go in tomorrow
and tell the principal, and-” 

“And nothing will happen.” 

“But that’s evidence!” 

“Did you have any evidence today?” he asked.

“Yeah, I did, Okura’s phone. If I can get it to the police station, they can determine with
certainty whether or not Okura took any pictures.” 

“Then why didn’t you do that?” 

“The principal kept the phone and said it wasn’t a police matter.” 



“So you have hard evidence that could prove his innocence, but the principal isn’t acting on
it. What makes you think my testimony would do anything?” 

He had a point. Nanako frowned, and crossed her arms. 

“Okay, so then I guess you can’t help me.” 

“I didn’t say that. Your dad’s a cop, right? He could check for the data, couldn’t he?” 

Nanako almost laughed at the thought of her father trying to check data. He was a good
detective, but he still struggled with technology. That wasn’t the point Amamiya was making
though, so she just nodded.

“Okay. So we get the phone, you run the test, and then the cops can figure out the rest.” 

“We can’t get the phone, the principal still has it. I’m sure it’s locked in his office,” Nanako
said. 

“I can get it. I just need a little help from you.” 

“Get it? You mean steal it?” 

Amamiya shrugged. “It’s not their phone, it’s Okura’s. Just think of it as getting it back for
him.” 

“Okay, I get it. This is a joke. You listened to me pour my heart out in front of this shrine and
you felt like the best thing to do was tell a joke. Way to go, joker. You’ve just rubbed a pound
of salt into my wound.” 

“The school gates are shut when club activities are done. Then there’s an alarm system that
goes up. Anyone that steps on campus after that time has to enter an alarm code within in
twenty seconds. The doors are pretty simple locks, but the alarm is the major problem.” 

“…You’re telling me you can pick the locks?” Nanako asked.

“Just a hobby of mine,” Amamiya said before flashing his dashing smile. Nanako’s heart
skipped a beat. 

He wasn’t wearing his glasses, she realized. At the beginning of the year, he had started
wearing glasses. And he’d started slumping more, being more quiet in class, and
disconnecting from his friends. At school he was almost like Okura. 

But now…now he was back to his old self. In fact, he was even more cool and stylish than
before. 

“Let’s pretend I’m going to ignore the fact you’re breaking and entering and just tackle this
pragmatically. You obviously have thought about how to get in, so you must have a way to
deal with the alarm, right?” 



“No. That’s why I need you,” he said. “See, the principal changes the alarm code every six
weeks, and only he and the vice-principal know it.” 

“What does that have to do with me?” 

“There’s one little exception to the alarm system. The police have their own universal code
they enter into an alarm system when they respond to a call. I need you to get that code.” 

“What?!” 

“It’s the only way the plan works. You get me the code, I break and and grab the phone, hand
it to you, and we go our separate ways,” Amamiya said. 

“This is…insane! I can’t do this. My dad’s a cop! Not to mention how wrong it is to break in
and steal something!” 

“More wrong than ruining a kid’s life?” 

She didn’t have an answer for that. 

“This is why I asked you how serious you were. I can grant you the wish, but you have to
have the stomach to do your end, otherwise I can’t do anything,” Amamiya siad. “So, are you
serious?” 

“…I need to think about it.” 

Amamiya nods once, reaching into his pocket and pulling on a pair of glasses. 

“You probably have a couple of days, at most. Think quickly.” 

Nanako watched as he hunched over and blended back into his un-assuming posture. She
wanted to say something else to him, but she suddenly felt disoriented and dizzy.

There was something about…putting on glasses…it felt familiar and somehow important…

She shook her head and looked around at the shrine. The fox was standing nearby again.

“What do you think I should do?” 

The fox looked at her, then walked over to the ema. The fox pawed one of them, then walked
away. Curious, Nanako walked over. It was the ema that immediately next to one she hung. 

“I wish for evil hearts to change,” Nanako read aloud. 

She sighed.

That would be nice, wouldn’t it? 



Chapter 4: 2/14 - Evening
Chapter Summary

Nanako asks her father for advice.

-EVENING- 

“Happy Valentine’s Day.” 

“Hm?” Nanako looked up from her plate to see her mom setting a small package of chocolate
in front of her. “Oh, thanks.” 

“Everything all right?” 

“Yes, just…thinking about something.” 

Nanako watched as her mom stared at her. Then she looked over to her dad, who was
engrossed in his own thoughts. 

Mom nudged dad. 

“Hm?” Dad said. Mom made a meaningful look at dad, dad looked obliviously back at her. 

Mom sighed.

“You two are too much alike…” 

That made Nanako smile. 

“Dad, what do you do when the people in power above you do the wrong thing?” 

Nanako had to be careful with this. She wanted to know what her dad’s thoughts were, but he
was a detective, and there was part of his detective brain that never turned off. Already the
wheels were turning, trying to figure out why Nanako was asking.

“Depends. Sometimes I report it. Sometimes, unfortunately, I have to let it go. Why do you
ask?” 

Interesting, he was trying for the direct approach. 

“Oh, it’s for a school paper,” Nanako said casually. This seemed to relax dad a little, but she
could tell he didn’t entirely believe her.



“Ah. Well, to keep it vague…sometimes the laws aren’t written in a way that help people.
Sometimes they are, but the people enforcing them interpret them in a way that isn’t helping
the common person. Politicians, judges, all sorts of people in power play around with the law
to get what they want. It’s sickening, but there’s only so much someone like me can do. If my
bosses are the ones committing the corruption, who am I supposed to report it to?” 

Nanako nodded. “That makes sense. So let’s say an injustice was committed, and someone
wanted to clear that person’s name. But to do it, some laws would have to be broken. How
would you feel about that?” 

Dad laughed, shook his head, and took a drink of his beer. 

“I’m not a philosopher, Nanako.” 

“I know, but I still want to know what you think.” 

“Well, I think that would be fine,” mom interjected. “After all, a lot of horrible things that
have happened in history have been perfectly legal.” 

“True,” dad said.  “As a police officer, I would be obligated to try and stop or catch the
person breaking the law, even if it was for a good reason. Laws sometimes fail people, but in
general they’re needed for society, and the minute people start taking the law into their own
hands is the minute we start falling back into a world where the strongest get to make the
rules. If a law doesn’t work, then it should be changed. That’s what the legislators and
lawyers are for.” 

Nanako nodded, and used all of her willpower to keep herself looking politely interested.
Inside, however, she felt completely crushed. It was the answer she was fearing, and now that
she’d heard it, there was no way that-

“But…as a person…” dad took another sip of beer. “I guess it would depend on the injustice.
But if it was clearly wrong, and there was no room for error…I would privately cheer them
on.” 

Nanako smiled.

“Thanks, dad. That’ll help a lot with my paper.” 



Chapter 5: 2/15 - Morning
Chapter Summary

Yosuke loses his phone.

-MORNING- 

“Dangit, come on, where did it go…” 

Nanako had entered her classroom a little early. Yosuke was crawling around on the floor.
She looked around, and seeing that no one else was there yet, said: 

“What’re you looking for, Yosuke?” 

Yosuke jumped up and hit his head on the desk.

“Ow…Nanako, I told you, Hanamura-sensei when we’re at school.” 

“There’s no one else here,” Nanako pointed out.

“Ah…still!” 

Yosuke pulled himself out from under the desk, rubbing his head. 

“I’m trying to find my phone.” 

“Did you leave it on the ground?” 

“No. I usually lock it in the drawer over in the desk. I could have sworn I put it there this
morning and locked it when I got here. But I just opened it and it’s gone.” 

“Huh. Do you want me to call it?” 

“Oh yeah, good idea.” 

Nanako slipped out her phone and hit Yosuke’s number in her contact list. She listened to it
ring.

But they heard nothing in the classroom.

“Darn it. That was a new model too…” 

“Do you have a tracking app on it?” 



“Yeah, I tried that, the computer said the last time it was pinged was here in the classroom,
but it’s not pinging now. Maybe it ran out of power, too.” 

“I’m sorry, Yosuke.” 

The bell rings.

“Class is starting soon…if you see it, let me know, would you?” Yosuke said.

“Of course,” Nanako said. 



Chapter 6: 2/15 - After School
Chapter Summary

Nanako finds Yosuke's phone.

AFTER SCHOOL 

Pi pi pi. 

Nanako’s phone went off right as class ended. She frowned and pulled it out. There was a
message from Yosuke. 

YOSUKE: Meet me on the roof.

That was a weird request. Nanako messaged back.

NANAKO: You found your phone?

YOSUKE: Hurry, I won’t wait long.

That was very strange. Nanako tried calling back, but it went straight to voicemail. 

There was nothing else to do but head up to the roof. 

She shouldn’t have been surprised to see Amamiya waiting for her there, but somehow she
was. She looked around.

“Where’s Hanamura-sensei?” 

“Right here,” Amamiya said, holding up a phone. With it’s bright orange case, there was no
mistaking it - it was Yosuke’s phone.

“Hey! That’s not funny, taking a teacher’s phone could get you in big trouble.”

“Which is why I’m turning it in to the student government,” Amamiya said, holding it in
front of him. Nanako took it.

“How did you send a message?” she asked. 

“He doesn’t lock his phone.” 

“…Seriously?” Nanako sighed. “Where did you find it?” 

“In the drawer.” 



“…The locked drawer? Or does he not lock that either?” 

“He did. It just didn’t stop me.” 

“What are you trying to accomplish here?” 

“Just showing you that I’m serious. I have the skills to pull off our mission, if you decide to
go through with it. I didn’t want you having any doubts.” 

Nanako studied Ren Amamiya for a long moment. 

“Are you like…some sort of thief?” 

Amamiya laughed. “No. I just like tinkering with tools and stuff. Locks are fun to pick. I
could teach you.” 

“No thanks.” 

“Have you decided?” 

“…Not yet. One more day.” 

“If we don’t move soon, you’ll lose your chance. Okura’s parents were called in yesterday,
and I heard they’re coming back today to continue discussions with the principal. It doesn’t
look good.” 

“That doesn’t mean that breaking in and stealing something is the right thing to do,” Nanako
said. 

“You might be right. It might not even help. But I want to try.” 

“Why?” asked Nanako. “Is he your friend?” 

“No, not really.” 

“…Then you have to have some sort of reason…?” Nanako pushed. 

“I just understand what he’s going through right now. And if I can help him, I want to.” 

Though he was still wearing his glasses and slumped over, a little bit of his dark intensity
returned. He seemed to realize it, and slumped back over. 

“Give me your contact info,” Nanako said. 

He did so. 

“I’ll let you know by tonight.” 

Amamiya nodded, then strode away through the roof door. 



Nanako checked Yosuke’s phone. True to Amamiya’s word, Yosuke didn’t have a password
set on it. She went into the messages app to delete the ones sent to her, but found that
Amamiya had already done that. 

She walked back into school and went to the faculty offices and requested to see Yosuke.
When she got there, he was shuffling through his things on the desk.

“I found it,” Nanako said, holding up the phone. Yosuke sighed with relief.

“Thank you! Where’d you find it?” 

“On the roof,” Nanako said, without thinking. Yosuke frowned.

“How the hell did it get there?” 

Nanako shrugged. “Maybe someone put it up there as a prank.” 

“Psh, they call that a prank? Man, back when I was in school…” he suddenly snapped his
mouth shut, realizing where he was. “Well, anyway, thanks.” 

“Yosuke…can I tell you something?” 

“Huh? Sure, Nanako-chan. Sit down.” 

Nanako told Yosuke about Okura and Ueno, excluding the parts about Amamiya and his plan.
When she was done, Yosuke looked determined.

“You’re right Nanako. I’m going to talk to the principal right now.” 

Relief flooded through Nanako. Maybe she wouldn’t have to worry about making any
decisions at all. The system was going to work as intended, because good people worked
inside of it: people like Yosuke, and her bro, and her dad. She didn’t have to go breaking the
law to make things right. 

She just had to tattle. 

Yosuke walked down towards the principal’s office, and Nanako decided to loiter in the
hallway. There was no way she was going to be able to relax until she found out the results,
so she might as well wait for them. 

Twenty minutes pass. 

Yosuke came out, his face unreadable. He let out a sigh, clenched his fists, then, strangely,
reached into a pocket on the inside of his coat. He pulled out a pair of orange-rimmed glasses
and looked at them. 

Then he saw Nanako.

“Oh, Nanako. I didn’t know you were waiting,” he said, slipping the glasses into his pocket.



“Did everything work out?” 

“…I’m sorry, Nanako. I’m really, really sorry. The principal won’t budge. And I know it’s
because of Ueno’s father but…there’s nothing more I can do. They already threatened to fire
me. I guess I could go to the school board but…” 

Nanako reached out and took his hand. Yosuke looked down at her, surprised. 

“It’s okay. You tried. Thank you.” 

“It wasn’t enough.” 

“It was for me. Maybe you’ll win next time. Just don’t stop fighting, okay?” 

“Nah, never. That’s why I became a teacher, after all.” 

They said their goodbyes. 



Chapter 7: 2/15 - Evening
Chapter Summary

Nanako dreams of Heaven. A deal is made.

-EVENING- 

A giant scarlet head and a long white T-shirt.

It grasps Nanako in grotesque fingers and squeezes her with desperation that she is too young
to understand.

“Put her down!” Yu screams. It’s the sound of his voice that gives Nanako just enough hope
to hold on. Her bro is here. 

She is safe.

Right?

“Persona!” 

The desk shook from Nanako sitting up abruptly. She felt like she could hardly breathe, and
she felt droplets of sweat gathered on her forehead. She swallowed, and was met with a dry
pain in her throat. 

She had fallen asleep while studying, she realized. Her notes were soaked from where her
head lay. Her desk lamp was incredibly hot, which would explain the sweat. 

Nanako grumbled and untied the twin tails of her hair, then picked up her phone. It was 11:30
PM. Had she really been asleep for two hours? 

She got up from the desk and went her bed, where she pulled out a small journal. In it, she
marked the date, time, and location of her last sleep, and then added a single line.

“Same dream.” 

Nine days in a row of the same dream, by her count. The longest streak yet. 

What was wrong with her? What did that dream mean? And why did it make her feel so…

She opened up the messenger app on her phone and tapped in the contact information. 

NANAKO: Amamiya-kun? 



She stared at her phone until he replied. 

AMAMIYA: Yeah. 

NANAKO: I’m in. I’ll get the code tomorrow afternoon. 

AMAMIYA: Great. Message me when you get it. I’ll give you more info then. 

Nanako then shut off her desk light, plugged in her phone, and got ready for bed.

Tomorrow was going to be busy. 



Chapter 8: 2/16 - After School
Chapter Summary

It's "Your daughter breaks into your office when you're not at work" day!

-2/16-

-AFTER SCHOOL- 

In order to leave a little early, Nanako traded cleaning duty days with the Hanas. She was
going to have to do two, since she owed one to each Hana, but it was a small sacrifice to pay
for justice. 

So instead of clapping chalkboard erasers, Nanako went to the police station. 

The first step was to make sure her dad wasn’t there - which he wasn’t. At least his car
wasn’t. That was as good as she was going to get without calling him to check, which would
definitely put him on high alert. 

Nanako stood in front of the station, breathing heavily. 

Why was she so nervous? She was at the station all the time. There would be nothing weird
about her being here. Nobody was going to look twice at her. 

Then why did it feel like they were going to find out right away?

The automated door slid open. There was an officer at the front desk, a middle-aged woman
who glanced up at Nanako and smiled.

“Hello, Nanako-chan!” she said. 

“Hello, sorry to be a bother.” 

“Oh, no bother at all, go on back,” she said. Nanako thanked her and continued on. 

The fact that the officer waved her back made Nanako a little nervous. Not that she would
know for certain where her father was, but it might mean he was here. But she kept walking
steadily, not too fast or too slow. 

She was very aware of her gait, all of a sudden. She couldn’t remember how she walked, or if
how she was walking was “normal.” Were people watching her? Could they tell something
was wrong by the way she walked? She wanted to look around, but would that be suspicious?



Or would staring straight ahead be more suspicious? Did she normally look straight ahead, or
did she normally look around? She couldn’t remember. 

“Hey, Nanako-chan!” 

“Eep!” Nanako yelped, startled. A young man with an unfortunate hairline rubbed the back of
his head sheepishly. He wore big glasses that kept sliding down his large nose. 

“Sorry, Nanako-chan! I didn’t mean to startle you!” 

“Aha, it’s okay Yamamoto-san,” Nanako said, smiling as sweetly as she could. Yamamoto
was her dad’s new assistant, and had been for the last ten years. He was a sweet and
dependable guy and seemed to be content to be an assistant. 

“If you’re looking for your father, he’s not in. In fact, he told me he would be heading
straight home after he was done his interviews,” Yamamoto said. 

“Ah yes, I know, he actually asked me to stop by and pick something up for him,” Nanako
said. The pause after her words felt like an hour. Was Yamamoto staring at her facial
expressions, reading the truth in her body language? 

“Okay! Just make sure you close the door when you’re done,” Yamamoto said. He walked
over and slipped a key out of his pocket and opened a small office. Nanako stepped inside. 

Dad’s office. It wasn’t fancy. It was mostly stacks of paper on a utilitarian desk. There were a
handful of pictures Nanako had made when she was a kid taped to the wall. On the desk there
were three photographs. 

The first was mom and dad on their wedding day, both smiling larger than they ever had
before. 

The second was one of those hinged pictures. On the left was a picture of Nanako as a kid,
around six years old. On the right was her most recent school photo. It was endearing that he
kept that around, but it was also a little embarrassing. 

Especially since she still wore her hair in twin-tails. Maybe it was time to update her look…

The last picture was about 5 years old. It was her, her dad, and big bro on the day of his
graduation from university. 

She smiled at the picture. Seeing her big bro gave her a little bit of strength. Even if he might
not entirely approve of what she was about to do…

She took a deep breath and looked at the desk. 

Dad knew how to use a computer to the level of writing emails, sending text messages, and
doing whatever he had to do to complete his job. He still relied on paper for most things,
which is why there was so much of it here. If there was a master password for the school’s
alarm system, it would be written down somewhere. 



The desktop was probably where his most active stuff was. She wouldn’t dare touch it. Not
only would he probably notice, but he wouldn’t keep such a random piece of information on
his desk. 

She turned to the filing cabinets. 

This was the most likely. About twice a year, she and mom would come into the office and
help dad “reset” the place to be a bit more organized. The filing cabinets were always a big
job, and Nanako had spent lots of time putting things in the correct order. Of course, she
hadn’t been paying close attention to what she was putting away at the time, so she didn’t
remember if an alarm code was in there or not.

She opened one. 

She rifled through the filing tabs. Nothing.

She did another. Then another. Then another. 

By the fourth one, she was at the bottom filing cabinet. Dad was relatively tall, so it made
sense that the bottom cabinet was full of files that he didn’t use that often, but still needed to
keep around. 

And there it was, written in his big block letter handwriting: ALARMS. 

She flipped open the folder. There were a bunch of printouts from different companies, and a
bunch of post-its and paperclipped scraps. She was dreading having to search it, when she
realized that there was a note written on the folder itself.

ALL CODES CHANGED TO 1004.

October 4th. 

Her birthday.

She smiled and shook her head and closed the folder. Mission accomplished. Now to get out
of here and…

As she slipped the file back, she noticed that there were two larger folders on the end. She
probably wouldn’t have given them a second glance, except for the names written on them.

CHISATO.

ADACHI.

Nanako froze. 

Were these dad’s old case files? 

She touched the edge of the folder marked CHISATO. It was thick with papers, but it was
also dusty, untouched for years. 



When she was a kid, dad had been obsessed with finding her mother’s “killer.” But there was
no real killer to find. Mom died in a car accident. No murder, no intent. And dad had hit dead
end after dead end. It had nearly torn their family apart.

After the year big bro lived with them, he seemed to put it all behind him. But there the file
was, still sitting there.

Why? 

Just another memory? 

Or was there something in there that he was going to show Nanako someday? 

Or was this just junk he forgot to throw out? 

She looked at the ADACHI file. It was even thicker than the CHISATO file. That was the
case that happened the year big bro was there. Somehow he had been involved in it.
Somehow, Nanako herself had been involved in it, but she never really understood how, and
no one ever told her.

Did that file have answers? 

She reached out for the ADACHI file. 

Pi pi pi.

Nanako nearly yelped. She grabbed her phone and checked the text. 

 

DAD: Hey, bringing katsu home for dinner. You almost home? 

 

Well, if that wasn’t a sign to tell her to stop, she didn’t know what was. She closed the filing
cabinet, leaving the files behind, and texted back.

 

NANAKO: Yes, be home soon. 

 

She left the police station. But as she did, she sent one more text. 

 

NANAKO: Got it. 



Chapter 9: 2/16 - Evening
Chapter Summary

Nanako lies.

Nanako was halfway through dinner with her family when her phone went off again. 

REN: Tonight.

“Nanako, no phones at the table,” dad grumbled. 

“Sorry dad, just forgot to silence it,” she said. Mom gave dad a side eye.

“Dear, I think it’s a little silly for you to insist no phones at dinner when you’re watching
sports highlights on the TV…” 

Dad looked away from the TV to his wife, then to Nanako. He opened his mouth to say
something, looking as if he was about to summon up all his fatherly authority. 

Then he just sighed.

“Fine, fine, just for tonight,” he grumbled, and went back to stuffing his face and watching
the TV. 

Nanako mouthed “thank you” silently to her mom. Mom just smiled, completely self-
satisfied.

NANAKO: I don’t know if I can get out tonight. 

AMAMIYA: Send me the code.

NANAKO: Oh sure, I’ll just leave evidence on both our phones, that’s a real great idea. You
shouldn’t even talk about the code. 

AMAMIYA: Every day that goes by, the harder this will be to fix for Okura. We need to
move as soon as possible. 

AMAMIYA: Meet me at school as soon as you can. 

Nanako slipped her phone onto her lap and kept her eyes locked on her food. Amamaiya had
a point, the longer they waited, the less-likely that the evidence on Okura’s phone would
work in time to save him from expulsion. But she had decided on her way home that she
needed to be there when he went in. 



But that would mean having to lie to her parents. 

Try as she might, Nanako couldn’t remember a time where she intentionally lied to them.
Sure, there were times where she might not be entirely honest about how she felt about a
situation, but that was usually to try and make her parents happy - bad habit from her
childhood, she supposed. Mom had been working with her the last couple of years to help
Nanako express her feelings more. 

What would she even say to go out? She never went out on the weekdays, unless there was
some sort of school festival she had to plan, and they would definitely know that wasn’t
happening. 

“Um,” she said. Dad didn’t pay attention, but mom looked at her. “I was wondering if I could
go over to Hana’s for a bit. We have a math exam tomorrow, and I could use a little review.” 

“Hana or Hanako?” Dad asked without turning his attention away from the TV. 

“Um,” Nanako said, her heartbeat smashing against her ribcage. “Both will be there,
actually.” 

“On a school night? Not sure about that one. Let me call over to Hana’s house first and make
sure,” Dad said. 

“Oh, well, uh…” Nanako stammered.

“Dear,” mom said. “Nanako’s in high school now. Don’t you think that’s a little…much?” 

“Much?” Dad said, finally turning away from the TV. 

“Well, I remember when I was a young girl and my father was very strict with me about
going out with my friends. All that it accomplished was that I got very good at sneaking out,”
mom said. “Nanako’s a very trustworthy person. We should try and keep it that way and let
her go out to study math. Don’t you think?” 

There was a very long pause. Nanako got nervous. Dad might be the head of the house, but
mom was the neck and could point him all sorts of directions. But even he had a limit. Was
going out on a school night going to be a step too far for the father who had almost lost his
whole family? For a father who was a cop and saw just how dangerous a small town like
Inaba could be? 

“Be home by 10,” he said. 

“Thank you, dad.” 

“You better do well on this exam,” he said. 

“I will.” 

She finished eating and got dressed to go back out - dark blue jeans, a t-shirt and a dark gray
hoodie. She had to take her school bag to keep up appearances, but she didn’t want that on



her when she was near the school. She stopped at the shrine and set it down over by the ema,
taking only her phone with her and sticking it in the hoodie pocket. 

She went to school, too nervous to text Amamiya, but also uncertain where they were
supposed to meet. There was a gate in front of the school, and a long brick wall that sectioned
off the perimeter. He could be anywhere along the exterior. 

Pi pi pi

“Ack!” Nanako jumped. She forgot to silence her phone, again. She grumbled, immediately
set it to silent, and looked at the message.

AMAMIYA: Look straight ahead. Look carefully.

She looked straight ahead. 

Beside either end of the gate there was a large orb-shaped lantern to light up the entrance.
The light on the left side of the gate was out. She stared at the shadowy portion until she
could vaguely make out the shape of Amamiya leaning against the wall. She walked over to
it quickly, drawing her hood over her head. 

“Nice work,” he said. “I knew you could make it.” 

Nanako felt her heart racing a bit again. She wasn’t sure if it was the guilt of lying to her
parents, the fear of being caught, or skulking around the night with her middle school crush.
It was probably a mixture of all three. 

“So, what’s the plan?” 

“I jump the fence, pick the locks, grab the phone and meet you back here. Then you take the
phone to your dad.” 

“What about the alarm?” she asked. 

“I turn it off as soon as I get into the hallway. Give me the code.” 

Nanako took a deep breath and straightened up.

“No.” 

Amamiya looked confused. He leaned forward a bit, letting some of the ambient light catch
his face. His gorgeous eyes and sharp features looked dark and mysterious. 

“What do you mean no? Are you out here to waste my time?” 

“No. I’m going with you.” 

“No you’re not,” he said.



“I am. This code is too important. Sure, you might use it today to get the phone, but if I give
it to you, you might come back and steal all sorts of things,” Nanako said.

“Is that what you think of me?” Amamiya asked. 

“I don’t know what to think of you. I don’t know you,” Nanako pointed out. “But…I want to
believe you’re doing this for the right reasons. And if you are, you’ll let me go with you.”

“You’ll get caught,” he said.

“Don’t be quick to judge me. I’m a cop’s daughter, after all, I know how to protect myself,”
she said. She also thought about the beginning of middle school when Chie suddenly took it
upon herself to train Nanako every day for a year. Nanako hadn’t exactly kept up with the
regiment she had assigned her, but she was still in pretty good shape. 

“It’s a bad idea,” he said, his last, half-hearted plea. 

“This whole thing is a bad idea. But I can’t let it go.” 

“Very well,” Amamiya said, pulling his own hoodie up. “It’s showtime.” 



Chapter 10: 2/16 - Night
Chapter Summary

The break-in.

Amamiya was faster than Nanako. 

He leaped up the side of Yasogami High School’s wall effortlessly. He draped himself over
the side of the wall, long elegant hand held out for Nanako. 

She frowned and ignored it.

It took a second, but she managed to get to the top of the wall herself. 

“Next time take the hand,” Amamiya said. “We don’t have time.” 

“Right,” she whispered back. It felt good to show Amamiya that she didn’t need him, but he
had a point. They needed to do this quickly. 

They both dropped down to the other side of the wall and ran to the front door of their high
school. In a flash, Amamiya had a couple of tools in his hands, working dexterously at the
lock. 

Nanako kept a lookout, her heart thundering in her chest. 

“Got it,” Amamiya said, then shouldered the door in. He melted into the darkness of the front
hall, with Nanako close behind.

Beep. Beep. Beep.

“Your turn,” Amamiya said. Nanako scanned the wall until she saw the keypad. She reached
out for it.

Amamiya’s hand closed around hers. Nanako jumped in surprise.

“You’re not wearing gloves,” he whispered. 

She was in fact, not wearing gloves, and she felt stupid for it. It was only then that she
realized that Amamiya was wearing gloves - though she couldn’t remember seeing him put
them on. Was he wearing them the whole time? 

“Give them to me,” she said.

“No time. Tell me the code.” 



“No.” 

“Fine. Use my hand.” 

She looked at him, and realized that he had his eyes shut, head turned away, and his other
hand pressed on his face. His remaining hand floated in front of her.

This was stupid and childish, but he was right, there was no time. She took his hand and used
his finger to press the keypad.

1004#. 

The alarm gave a cheery chime, then stopped its warning beep. 

“Let’s go,” Amamiya said. The two of them took off down the hallway, heading straight for
the principal’s office.

The principal’s office was also locked, and Amamiya had to pick that. The whole time,
Nanako kept running through her head all the things that could go wrong. What if putting in
the police code into the alarm system alerted the police? Or the alarm company? Wouldn’t
there be record of the code being used? Was her dad going to get in trouble? Would-

“I’m in,” Amamiya said, shouldering the door again. He glided into the next room and
flicked on the light, which was harsh and glaring to Nanako’s eyes. 

“Hey, the light is a bad idea,” she said. 

“Can you find the phone without it?” 

She frowned but he was right. “You’re too good at this,” she said. 

“Is that an accusation?” 

“Just an observation,” she said. 

The two of them started to search the room. Nanako pulled a couple of tissues from a box on
the principal’s desk and used them as makeshift gloves. They checked drawers and filing
cabinets until Nanako pulled out the bottom drawer on the right side of the desk. There,
sitting in a disorganized pile, was a bunch of phones that had been confiscated. 

Okura’s was right on top. 

“Got it,” Nanako said, holding it triumphantly above her head. 

The lights snapped off.

“Get down,” Amamiya ordered.

Nanako was seized with new terror, but it gave her the motivation to duck behind the desk
quickly. Amamiya stood by the door, leaning against the wall. 



Nanako could hear voices. And footsteps. 

And they were getting closer. 

“Oooh, Kudo-san, taking me back to campus, how devlish~!” a sultry female voice cooed. 

“Shh, Kashiwagi-san, keep quiet,” a nervous male voice replied. 

“Oh, there’s nobody here, stop worrying and think about what we’re going to do. Do you
want to do it in my classroom? The gym?” 

“But the alarm…ah, you’re right. I must have forgotten to set it earlier.” 

“No doubt too pre-occupied with tonight.”

The footsteps fade and the woman giggles. 

Nanako looked up at Amamiya and gave him a questioning look. He gave her a look and
mouthed “ew.” 

So it was as Nanako thought. Kashiwagi, the older homeroom teacher who dressed and acted
way too young for her age was about to have an affair with Kudo-san, the Vice Principal,
who was also married. 

“Ew,” Nanako said aloud. Then she slapped her hans over her mouth, realizing what she had
done.

Amamiya chuckled. Then laughed.

Then they both risked a laugh together. 

“I think we’re clear,” Amamiya said. “Let’s get out of here.” 

Amamiya opened the door and he and Nanako moved as quickly and quietly as they could -
not quite running, but moving in a quiet speed walk. It took all of Nanako’s willpower to not
break into a full-on sprint, especially as they got to the front hall. 

The front door swung open and they were hit with the cold night air. 

Nanako gasped in relief. Amamiya shut the door behind them, and they both rushed back to
the front gate, vaulting themselves over. 

Nanako laughed again.

“I can’t believe we pulled that off…” she said. 

“You did great,” Amamiya said. 

“Me? You did all the hard stuff. And saved us from Kudo-san,” Nanako said. 

“You kept your cool, and found the phone,” Amamiya pointed out. 



“We were a team,” Nanako said with an air of finality. “Thanks again. Really. I…I don’t
know what I would’ve done without you. Probably nothing, and I would’ve felt guilty about
it.” 

Amamiya’s face was unreadable in that moment. Nanako could see a bunch of different
emotions wrestling each other inside of him, though she wasn’t sure what. Or why. It seemed
like this was very significant to him, but she couldn’t understand why. 

“Sorry,” he whispered.

“What do-”

Amamiya pulled up his hood and swung around. Before Nanako could say another syllable,
his arms were pulling her close, his face bent down.

He kissed her.

Nanako’s eyes were wide open for a heartbeat. Then she let them flutter closed. How many
times had she daydreamed about this moment back in middle school? And now…here, riding
the emotions of their daring feats, he was kissing her in the icy winter darkness. 

This was more romantic than she could have ever planned for a first kiss. Did he really feel
this strongly about her? Had they been harboring crushes with each other the whole time? 

She felt a bright light on her face. She opened one eye, and was met with the glare of a
powerful flashlight.

“Hey, what are you kids doing out here?” the voice called out. 

Amamiya broke the kiss, then pulled Nanako close to his chest, obscuring her face with his
coat.

“Nothing,” he said. “Just hanging out.” 

“Yeah, I can see that,” the voice said. The flashlight lowered a little, and Nanako could make
out the shape of a police uniform. She gripped tighter onto Amamiya. She didn’t recognize
this police officer, or know him by name, but that didn’t mean he wouldn’t recognize her. 

“Hard to find privacy,” Amamiya said. “You understand, don’t you? You were young once.” 

Nanako couldn’t believe he was being that bold with a police officer. But there was
something charming in Amamiya’s voice that made the police officer relent with a sigh.

“Head on home now, okay? I don’t want to write you a loitering ticket. Go straight home.” 

“Yes, right away, thank you,” Amamiya said. He held Nanako close, shielding her from the
view of the officer. They walked like that for a long while until they turned. Once they
turned, Amamiya released Nanako, and she took a step aside from him.

“That was close,” she said. 



“Sorry,” he said. 

“Oh, don’t worry about it! It was…” she wanted to say ‘nice’ and ‘fun’ and ‘exciting’, but
instead she said “…necessary. It would be a big problem if someone told my dad.” 

He nodded. “Guess that’s it then. You want me to walk you home?” 

She didn’t live much further from here, but she said “yes, please.” 

They walked quietly down the road, side by side.

“What are you going to do now?” Amamiya asked.

“Tell my dad everything and give him the phone. I won’t tell him how I got the phone, just
that Okura handed it to me before it was confiscated,” Nanako said. 

“He’ll believe it?” 

“I think so. He’ll believe me, because I basically never lie,” Nanako said. “Well, except for
today.” 

“Sometimes the law isn’t always right,” Amamiya said. “We did the right thing.” 

“Yeah. We did.” 

Amamiya stopped about a block away from her house. 

“Well. See you at school, then,” Nanako said. 

“Goodnight, Dojima-chan,” Amamiya said. He started walking away. 

“Hey, Amamiya,” Nanako called out. “You can call me Nanako. We are partners in crime,
after all.” 

Again, he looked at her with that conflicted emotion. He looked so brooding and troubled, as
if he had such a weight on his shoulders.

“Goodnight, Nanako,” he said. 

Nanako finished her walk back to her house. It was only 9:30, dad would be happy she was
home early. 

Not that she would be getting any sleep after the night she had.

First burglary and first kiss. Although the kiss was related to the burglary. Maybe it shouldn’t
count.

Although she didn’t think she’d ever be able to forget it. 



Chapter 11: 3/15 - Lunch
Chapter Summary

A cryptic message.

“Do you have any plans for the break, Nanako-chan?” asked one of the Hanas. Nanako
wasn’t paying much attention, so she wasn’t sure which had asked. 

“Oh, uh, no, not really,” Nanako said. “I think we might go on a family trip if my dad can get
the time off. Maybe to Tokyo to visit my brother.”

“That sounds fun,” Hana said. “I’m stuck here the whole time, being bored. You’ll post
pictures won’t you?”

“Yeah, and some of that brother of yours too, he’s hot,” Hanako said. Nanako rolled her eyes.

“I’ll post a few,” Nanako said, which seemed to make them happy. They went back to
chatting about how boring their breaks were going to be. 

Nanako went back to eating and thinking. 

A month had passed since the events of Okura, Ueno, and the peeping. Things had played out
as Nanako thought they would - her dad was a little suspicious, but he took the phone, and
the case. He came to the school, called in all the parents and students and the principal. The
investigation took dad a week to complete, and it was all anyone could talk about for two
weeks. 

Okura was found innocent. Ueno was put on probation, and if the rumors were true, his father
had taken away his car as punishment - not for the peeping, but for putting the family in a bad
light. Dad had told the principal that he needed to be more thorough about serious allegations
in the future, especially if they regarding a crime. 

Nanako hadn’t spoken to the principal since. The class president didn’t think it was a good
idea, so most of her student government tasks had been reassigned “for now,” though Nanako
wasn’t sure she was going to get any of them back. Or if she would even be allowed back
into student government. 

But none of that mattered. Okura had been saved from injustice. Nanako could live without
student government. 

What perplexed her, though, was Amamiya. 



She knew that the kiss was to save them from the police that night. It didn’t mean anything to
him, clearly, since they hadn’t spoken a word since that night. At first Nanako had avoided
talking to him too, paranoid that somehow hanging out with him would tip off the police that
they had stolen the phone. She kept that up until the rumors died down, and she figured they
might talk again after that.

Except they never did. 

It was partly her fault. She didn’t message him. She just thought he would have messaged her
by now, though she wasn’t sure why she thought that. And why didn’t she just message him? 

Maybe it was just meant to a singular destined moment that they shared together. One of
those weird stories that you have in high school that you tell your kids when you’re a parent,
one of those peculiar memories that you cherish because they seem like they belong to
someone else. To Nanako, that memory felt like it belonged to a much more interesting
person.

If only she could stop thinking about that night. Then she could let it go and remember it
fondly. 

Pi pi pi. 

She glanced at her phone and her heart skipped.

AMAMIYA: Meet me at the shrine. 

She frowned. That was awfully forward for a guy who hadn’t spoken to her in a month. She
almost turned him down right then and there, but instead wrote: 

NANAKO: Why?  

AMAMIYA: Something I want to tell you. 

Nanako flet her heart pounding again, but she took a several deep breaths. She had to get
herself under control. If she read too much into this, she could end up hurt and disappointed.

…But what if it was a love confession? 

No, Nanako, don’t do that, she told herself. Just go and find out what he wanted.

NANAKO: Okay. See you there. 

He didn’t reply, which made the rest of the school day slow and arduous. 



Chapter 12: 3/15 - After School
Chapter Summary

Amamiya and Nanako meet at the Shrine.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

It was a perfect spring day. 

The sakura blossoms hadn’t bloomed yet, but Nanako felt that everything else was as bright
as could be. The sky was blue, the sunlight was clear and warm, and the breeze gentle and
refreshing. 

The perfect day for a love confession? 

Nanako shook her head hard enough for her twin tails to whip into her cheek. No. That was
ridiculous. She had to stop thinking about that. She was acting like a lovesick schoolgirl. 

…Although, she was a schoolgirl, so maybe acting that way wasn’t so inappropriate. 

Still. This could be about anything. They hadn’t spoken in a month, obviously if that daring
kiss had meant something to him, then he would have said something already. 

Then again, this was Amamiya Ren, the most mysterious boy she knew. The boy who she had
never expected to know how to pick locks, or care about random classmates at school. Maybe
he was the kind of guy who needed to think about his feelings before leaping into anything.

Or maybe he was the kind of guy who would steal a kiss without a second thought.

Now she was frowning. 

I mean, did he have to kiss her to hide her from that cop? Couldn’t he have just hugged her?
Or stood in a way that blocked her face from the officer? Was it just a bonus prize he saw he
could snatch away? 

No, that didn’t make sense. The officer was clearly uncomfortable with what he had found
and just wanted them to go away. If they hadn’t been kissing, maybe he would have asked
more questions. 

Could Amamiya have thought that through so quickly? 

“Hi.” 



“Ack!” Nanako jumped. She whirled around to see Amamiya standing beside a tree with a
bemused look on his face. 

“You okay?” 

“Y-yeah…sorry, I was just thinking about something,” Nanako managed, pretty lamely in her
opinion. 

“I see. Well, this won’t take very long. I just wanted to…” he trailed off. Nanako managed to
catch her breath and focus on what was going on in front of her. Although he had appeared
beside the tree with his usual mysteriousness, Amamiya’s posture was a bit slumped. And yet
it was also tense at the same time. He was uncomfortable with what he had to do next,
Nanako realized. 

Fear settled in her stomach. She wasn’t sure what she was afraid of, exactly, but she could
feel his tension. 

“I just wanted to say goodbye.” 

“What?” Nanako rushed from her spot by the steps to stand in front of him. “Goodbye?
Why? Did I do something wrong?” 

Amamiya looked surprised. “No, not at all. It has nothing to do with you.” 

He leaned in a bit to study her face.

“You don’t know? I thought you might.” 

“Know what?” Nanako said, her voice edging on exasperated. “What’s going on?” 

“I’ve been expelled from Yasogami High,” he said. The fear rumbling in her stomach turned
into a stone. 

“Why? Did somebody see us?” 

“No. I already told you, it has nothing to do with you. It was something that happened a year
ago, actually. I thought maybe because your dad…well, it doesn’t matter. The court made its
decision, and as of today, I no longer go to this school.” 

Her dad? What did her dad have to do with this? Was Amamiya in legal trouble? Did he
commit a crime? Were all those skills he used to help her honed from actual thievery? 

“That’s terrible…” she said. He shrugged.

“There was no other way around it.” 

“But where are you going?” Nanako asked.

“Shujin Academy. It’s in Tokyo, and the only school willing to take me,” he said. “I’ll be
living with a friend of my parents.” 



“I’m so sorry,” Nanako said. “Is there anything I can do to help? Maybe I can talk to my dad
and-” 

He put his hand up to stop her.

“What’s done is done,” he said. The sadness I his voice sunk into Nanako’s heart and washed
over the stone of fear in her belly. The fear was gone now, replaced with a growing grief. 

“I just wanted to say goodbye to you because I haven’t had any friends this last year. I didn’t
see a point, since I knew something was going to happen to me. But then…well, what
happened, happened. And it was the first time in a very long time that someone saw me for
who I really am. You’re a good person, Nanako. You have a good heart that believes in the
best in people, and I hope you have a good life.” 

The tears were in Nanako’s eyes now. She reached out and grabbed him, hugged him, pulled
him close. It was impulsive, and way too forward, but she didn’t care. Her heart was so full
of so much that she had to do something. 

“I’ll miss you, Ren,” she said. Then, realizing that she had used his first name, blushed. “I-I
mean…”

“It’s okay,” he said. He hugged her back, gently. “And you won’t miss me. But it’s nice to
hear, anyway.” 

As they pulled away from the hug, Ren slipped his hand into his coat pocket and pulled out
his glasses. His whole demeanor once again transformed, slumping forward and turning into
someone unremarkable and unimportant. 

“Bye, Nanako.” 

He flung his Yasogami High uniform jacket off his shoulders and left it on the ground in front
of the shrine. Then he took long strides down the street, walking away from Nanako. 

Nanako picked up the jacket, wiped her tears with a sleeve, and straightened herself up. 

This couldn’t be right. 

Something had to be done. 

—

Nanako closed the office door a little too hard. Her dad looked up from his stacks of papers.

“Nanako, something wrong?” he said, his voice and demeanor in full-blown detective mode. 

“Amamiya Ren,” she said. “What happened to him?” 

Dad frowned, thought a second, the nodded.

“Right, the kid from your school. What about him?” 



“He said he’s been expelled. Is that true?” she asked. 

“Yes. Why do you want to know?” he leaned forward an inch. “Is he a friend of yours?” 

“Yes,” she said without hesitation. She should probably be nervous, since if Ren had done
something illegal, this was going to put her in a bad position with her dad. But she wasn’t
going to lie - she was his friend, even if their friendship was defined by the three strangest
days of her life. 

“Why don’t you ask him then?” 

“Daddy, please…I need to know if he’s…” 

He stared stone-faced for a moment, then sighed and reached for his phone.

“Yamamoto, bring in the files for the Amamiya case, would you?” 

He hung up. 

Nanako sat down in the chair across from him. He reached into a drawer and pulled out a
package of cookies and set them between them. 

Nanako ate one.

Yamamoto came in a few minutes later, file in hand. 

“Looks awful thin, Yamamoto,” dad said. 

“Yeah, weird isn’t it?” Yamamoto said with a big smile. He set it on the desk. “Hi Nanako-
chan!”

“Hi, Yamamoto-san.” 

He grinned and left.

Dad flipped through the thin file. There had to only be six or seven pieces of paper in it. 

“He was arrested about a year ago for assault,” he said. 

“What kind?” she asked. Dad slowly closed the file folder and set it aside. He folded his
hands and leaned closer to her.

“Nanako, you remember the other day when you were asking about injustice?” 

Nanako felt a renewed uneasiness. 

“I didn’t work on this case, but whoever did was pressured to do a lot of strange things.
There’s almost no details in the case file, other than some notes that say that there’s a lot of
classified details that can only be seen by a judge. If I wanted to get the rest of the
information, I don’t think I could,” dad said.



“Why?” 

“More than likely the other person involved was an important figure. Politician, most likely,
but could be a celebrity. Someone who didn’t want their name in the court records, but still
wanted to make sure Amamiya was punished,” Dad said. 

Nanako, who thought she could feel no more big feelings after all she had been through, felt
a white-hot center of anger in her chest. 

“So he was framed,” she said. 

“I don’t know for sure.” 

“But if the other important person was really wrongfully assaulted, why would they care
about hiding their involvement?” Nanako asked. 

“That’s what I wonder, too,” Dad said. He had a small, half-smile on his lips, proud of
Nanako’s deductions. 

“What will happen to him?” 

“He’s on probation for a year. If he can stay out of trouble, then he’ll be fine. If he messes up,
though, he’ll go to juvenile jail,” he said. 

“I see,” Nanako said. There was a long silence. 

“Do you want another cookie?” 

“No thanks,” she said. She got up, smoothed out her skirt and adjusted her backpack. “Sorry I
bothered you at work.” 

“It’s never a bother to have you here,” he said with a smile. “Hey, what do you want for
dinner?” 

“Whatever you guys want is fine,” she said. “I’ll see you at home.” 

Chapter End Notes

I did a lot of needless research to figure out if the cherry blossoms would be in bloom in
Inaba or not. They missed it by 12 days!



Chapter 13: 3/15 - Evening
Chapter Summary

Nanako gets some advice.

Nanako spent most of the day silent.

She went home. She watched TV. She helped make dinner.

She ate. 

She went to her room.

She lay on her bed and stared at the ceiling. 

She was lost in thought. 

She decided to go through what she knew from the beginning. Ren had gotten into an
altercation a year ago, that wasn’t being disputed. As a result, he was arrested, tried, and
found guilty of assault. His punishment was being expelled from Yasogami High and since he
was required to go to school, had to move to Tokyo to Shujin Academy, the only place that
would take him. 

She also knew that the other party had erased themselves from the case, whether they were
politician or celebrity, she didn’t know. Maybe they were trying to hide themselves from the
embarrassment, but Nanako didn’t think so. More than likely, they were hiding something. 

She thought about Ren. Yes, he seemed strangely quiet, moved like a ninja-trained cat, and
knew how to pick locks and charm his way past the police. He was like a gentleman thief
from a novel.

If he had been arrested for theft, Nanako would believe that. But assault? She had a hard time
picturing Ren maliciously attacking another person. 

“You don’t know him that well,” she said aloud. She had to say it aloud, to drive the point
home in her head, in her heart, and whatever other part of her body made decisions. 

She was being clouded by her feelings for him, which were based on what? A middle school
crush? The thrill of a kiss after a heist? This was the work of hormones. Or if not hormones,
then of something interesting happening in her hum-drum life, and her unwillingness to let it
go. 

Then why couldn’t she let it go? 



He seemed so sad when he had to leave. And to be told that she was the only person who had
seen him in a year? They had spent three days together. Three days of friendship in a year of
loneliness. 

And now what would happen to him? 

A new city,  a new school, a new home. Wouldn’t he be even lonelier? 

“Big bro,” she said.

It was just like him. He had come out to Inaba when her uncle and aunt had gone overseas for
work. Big bro came here and had nobody, except an exhausted uncle and a little girl who
didn’t even know him. 

She reached for her phone, slid through the contacts. Her thumb hovered over the call
button. 

Then she backed out of that contact and looked at her full contact list. 

She chose another one and hit “call.” 

It rang twice.

“Hi, Nanako-chan,” said a graceful voice. 

“Hi, Yukiko…is this a bad time? I’m sorry for calling so late,” she said.

“No, not at all. Is everything okay?” 

“I just…need some advice,” Nanako said. “And I’m not sure who to ask.” 

“Come on over. You can help out at the inn,” she said. Nanako breathed a sigh of relief. 

“Thanks. I’ll be there soon.” 

She hung up, grabbed her bag and hoodie. 

The same gray hoodie she wore on that night. She shook it off and went back into the living
room, where mom and dad were settled together watching TV. 

“I’m going to the Amagi Inn for a bit. They have a little work for me to do,” Nanako said. 

She waited for dad’s questioning, but between TV, his wife curled in his arms, and the half-
finished beer in his hand he merely said “Don’t be home too late.” 

Nanako stepped out into freedom. 

—

The Amagi Inn, the jewel of Inaba. Business had picked up in the years following big bro’s
arrival, in part because of a TV special that had run on it not long before, and in part because



Rise had given an endorsement of it during a few interviews. 

Nanako wasn’t sure if that was a blessing or a curse for Yukiko these days.

The inn was an exquisite example of traditional Japanese hospitality, and it was still one of
the nicest places Nanako ever got to stay in - even though she had been a little girl at the
time. But the memory of going with “the girls,” being treated as one of their own, even
though they were so much more grown up than her, it was one of her most cherished
memories. 

Nowadays, though, her time at the inn was more about cleaning.

And kids.

“Nanakoooo-chhaaaaan!” came the yell of a six year old boy running at full speed. Nanako
bent down just fast enough to catch the boy before he tackled her legs. 

“Hi there, Tsuneo,” Nanako said. “Are you being a good helper today?” 

“Yes, obviously! I’m the oldest son, I have to be strong and proud, the new protector of the
Amagi Inn!” 

He stood up straight and saluted, to which Nanako laughed. She gave a salute back before
standing up. 

“Where’s your sister?” 

“Watching Nyan Nyan Par-…I mean,” Tsuneo adjusted his stance, trying to look older.
“She’s watching some dumb baby cartoon. I’m too old for that now.” 

“I’m sure you are,” Nanako said. “Though you know, I still watch Nyan Nyan Parade now
and again…”

“You do? Oh, well, I do too. It’s still pretty good, especially if you like it, Nanako-chan.” 

Nanako reached down and scruffled his hair a bit. “Where’s your mom?” 

“In the manager’s office.” 

“Why don’t you go watch your sister, I need to talk to her for a bit.” 

“Okay, but are you gonna stay for a while? Can you put us to bed?” 

Nanako chuckled. “We’ll see. Now go.” 

Tsuneo ran off, and Nanako turned down past the reception area to the manager’s office. She
knocked on the door.

“Come in,” Yukiko called. Nanako opened the door.



Yukiko sat behind the desk, typing furiously away at her computer. Yukiko had always been a
yamato nadeshiko, even as a teenager, but as an adult she had come into the true strength of
what that meant. Her hair was still as long as ever, though somehow darker and silkier than
before. She wore a pink flowered kimono which was now bulging at the center with her latest
pregnancy. She had a pair of red glasses balanced on her nose, and her face focused in iron-
like concentration. 

“Are you busy? I can come back,” Nanako said.

“Nonsense,” Yukiko said, hitting a key on her keyboard with an emphatic strike. “Just needed
to finish that email. That’ll be the last time a vendor tries to bait and switch me…” 

Nanako laughed and sat down, though she made a note to never cross Yukiko when it came to
the inn. 

“You look so great! Are you feeling well?” Nanako asked. Yukiko rubbed her belly.

“Yes, this one is being a lot more cooperative than Ai was in utero. Though Tsuneo was so
easy in pregnancy and so difficult now that he’s born…” 

“Do you know if it’s a boy or a girl?” 

“We’re waiting this time to be surprised,” Yukiko said. Then, conspiratorially, she leaned
forward and whispered “It’s a girl, I had to know, but don’t tell Sadao.” 

Nanako zipped her lips and smiled. 

“But now that that’s all out of the way, let’s focus on you. What’s going on?” 

Nanako took a deep breath. 

“It’s kind of a long story, and it…involves some things that you might not agree with,”
Nanako said.

“Things that if your dad knew would make him upset?” 

“Very,” she said. Nanako felt herself shrinking into the seat. Yukiko thought about this for a
moment.

“Well, I won’t promise that I won’t tell him, because some things a parent just has to know,”
Yukiko said. “But, there are some things that a parent doesn’t need to know, too. I’ll make my
decision after you tell me.”

This was the best Nanako could ask for, and honestly she found it a little bit of a relief.
Hiding something from her parents had eaten away at her, and if Yukiko felt that they needed
to be told, Nanako would do it herself. 

Nanako started at Valentine’s Day and went all the way through to this afternoon. She even
left in the part about the kiss, though Nanako was blushing brighter than the sun through the
whole thing. Yukiko listened patiently, stopping only to ask clarifying questions. 



“That’s quite a story,” Yukiko said. “But I’m not sure why you need advice. Amamiya-kun
left. The story’s over.” 

“What if I don’t want it to be?” Nanako said. Yukiko raised her eyebrows, but kept herself
composed.

“What do you mean?” 

“I just think…it’s not fair what he’s going through. He has to be in Tokyo all by himself, at a
new school. And it won’t be long before someone leaks out that he has a criminal record, and
what if it’s too hard to make friends after that? Or worse, what if the types of friends he
makes are more criminals?” Nanako said.

“I’m pretty sure the school is required to keep that confidential,” Yukiko said.

“Schools are supposed to do a lot of things,” Nanako said, a hint of bitterness in her tone. 

“A fair point. But, and I’m sure you’ve already thought of this, you don’t know him that well,
Nanako-chan. He’s not your responsbility,” Yukiko said.

“I know. I know this is foolish. But I also know what it’s like to be that lonely. I wouldn’t
wish that on anyone in the whole world,” Nanako said. She stared down at her hands folded
in her lap. 

“So you want to follow him to Tokyo,” Yukiko said.

“Yes.” 

“And what if he doesn’t want you to follow him?” 

“At least there’s a familiar face. Even if I’m annoying to him, at least there’s something he
recognizes,” Nanako said. 

“This is too much to do for a boy,” Yukiko declared. “I wouldn’t allow you to do such a thing
just to get his affection. However…I don’t think that’s the only reason you want to do this.” 

Nanako looked up, perplexed. “What do you mean?” 

“I love this inn,” she said, motioning to the walls around her. “But when I was your age, I
thought of it as a cage. I didn’t want my whole life to be determined by what my parents and
grandparents did. I wanted freedom. But…after some exploring, I realized that the inn was
what I wanted after all. I wouldn’t have come to that understanding, however, if I hadn’t gone
on that journey.” 

“Inaba is great, Nanako. But it’s not the whole world. If you don’t see the world, you can’t
make a decision. So I say yes. Go. Go help your friend. Go live in Tokyo. Find out who you
are and what you want,” Yukiko said. 

Nanako felt stupid, but there were huge tears pooled in her eyes now. She sniffled and wiped
them on the sleeve of her hoodie. 



“What if my dad won’t let me?” 

“He will. Besides, it’s not like you’d be living alone, right? I’m sure Yu will let you stay
there. If anyone will understand what you’re going through, it’s him.” 

Yukiko was right. Nanako had already decided that if she was going to follow Ren that she’d
live with her big bro. Even if she wanted to go on an adventure, she needed family. 

“Thanks, Yukiko. This helped a lot.” 

“You know we’re always here for you,” she said. 

The door opened behind Nanako.

“Yuki, I fixed the furnace - oh hey, Nanako-chan!” said Sadao. Sadao, Yukiko’s husband, was
a huge mountain of a man, standing 6 and a half feet tall and was built like a tank. He wore
his hair in a traditional top-knot and had a wide easy smile. 

“Hi Sadao-san. Do you mind if I put the kids to bed? Tsueno already asked.” 

“Sure! Hey, any guesses on what the baby’s gonna be?” 

Nanako smiled innocently.

“I have no idea.” 






Chapter 14: 3/17 - Morning
Chapter Summary

Nanako talks about her plan to go to Tokyo.

The Dojima household was at war. 

Nanako had gotten advice from Yukiko on Monday.

Tuesday had been the last day of school, and the day where Nanako gathered up all of her
courage and readied her arguments. 

Wednesday, today, she had gathered her mom and dad at the breakfast table and opened up
with the surprise attack. 

“Have you lost your mind?!” Dad had yelled.

“Dear, please,” mom said, trying to calm him down. 

“You want to change schools to follow a boy? There is no way - no way in hell!” 

Nanako had prepared for this type of outrage, but even knowing it was going to happen didn’t
help reduce the pain of it. She tried her best to keep her own anger and hurt in check. 

“You yourself said he didn’t do anything wrong!” 

“I said he probably didn’t do anything wrong, but come on Nanako, people who are totally
innocent don’t find themselves in situations where they can be blamed for something,” Dad
shot back. 

“That’s not true and you know it,” Nanako said. Dad growled and took a slug of his coffee to
give himself a moment to think. 

“I just don’t understand. There are lots of boys at your school, you can meet any one of them!
That Okura boy with the phone seemed nice enough,” Dad argued. 

“Dad, this isn’t about chasing a boy. It’s about doing what’s right. He’s being sent somewhere
alone. It’s cruel.” 

“He’ll get over it.” 

“Or he won’t. Do you know what kind of pain loneliness causes?” 



There was a long silence after that. Nanako regretted it the moment the last syllable came out
of her mouth.

Of course dad knew what kind of pain it caused. He had felt it himself when her mom, her
first mom, died. He had also caused the pain when Nanako had been forced to grow up too
quickly. 

Dad knew that. He had worked hard in the last years to make up for it, and he had. Nanako
didn’t have one shred of resentment for him for that time. But he probably didn’t fully
believe her. And now he was being told off, again. Forced to live the pain of his past
mistakes. 

“I think everyone needs to sit down and start over,” mom said. Nanako couldn’t remember
when she and her dad had started yelling on their feet, but Nanako obeyed, sitting demurely
at the table. Dad paused a moment, took another drink of coffee, and sat down. 

“Nanako, you have put a lot of thought into this plan, and I can see it’s not just a spur of the
moment decision,” mom said. Nanako had typed up and printed a full list of rationales, a
budget for how she would live over in Tokyo, and a proposed visiting schedule where she
would come back to Inaba at regular intervals to see them, including all the major holidays.
“However…this is still a sudden and…unusual request.” 

“I know,” Nanako said. 

“Then you can understand why we need a little time to talk about this and think it over,”
mom said.

“But…yes. I understand.” 

“Maybe give me and your dad a moment?” 

Nanako nodded and retreated to her room. When she got there, she kept the door cracked, lay
on the floor, and stuck her ear out into the hallway to try and hear as much as she could.

“There’s no way this is happening,” dad said. 

“Dear, Shujin Academy is a great school, did you even look at the pamphlet Nanako printed
out?” 

“That’s not the point,” Dad snapped. “I almost lost her once. I can’t do that again.” 

“I think you’re being a little dramatic,” mom said.

“I am not.” 

“You are. She wants to go to a different school, not join the circus. It’s Tokyo, not a war
zone.” 

“Anything could happen,” Dad said.



“You’re right, it could. And that means anything could happen here, in Inaba. I understand,
it’s hard to let go.” 

“You don’t understand it’s…” Dad said, stopping himself. 

“Don’t you dare say it, Ryotaro. That girl is my daughter too. I may not have given birth to
her, but I love her from the depths of my heart.” 

“I know. I’m sorry. I’m upset.”

“You’re afraid. And that’s okay,” mom said. “I’m afraid too. She’s growing up so fast, and
I’m afraid I haven’t done enough to prepare her for it. But someday she’ll leave us, whether
it’s to get a job or get married or whatever. If we don’t let her leave, we run the risk of her
being so angry that we never see her again after she becomes an adult.” 

“Nanako would never do that,” Dad said. Nanako had to agree. 

“Maybe not. But think of everything she could learn from this. And besides, she’s already
said she’d come back to visit often. And she wouldn’t be alone. You trust your nephew, don’t
you?” 

“Of course I trust him. He’s not just my nephew, he’s like a son to me,” Dad said. There was
a pause, then the sound of dad getting up.

“I’m late for work. I’ll think about it.” 

“Of course. I love you.”

The sound of a kiss. Then the door. Then footsteps towards her room.

Nanako jumped off the floor and rushed over to her bed, trying to lay casually on it. But now
that she was thinking about it, she couldn’t remember what she did when she was laying
casually. Did she keep her arms above her head or at the side? 

Mom knocked on the door.

“Come in.” 

Nanako sat up. Mom took the desk chair. 

“He’ll think about it,” she said. 

“Okay.” 

“Now that it’s just the two of us, woman to woman, do you like this boy, Nanako?” 

A burning blush blazed on her cheeks. “I…I mean, I did. In middle school, I definitely liked
him. But that faded. And now, I don’t know, I just got to know him again recently. Nothing
special, just a few conversations. I know that doesn’t seem like a lot, but I really felt like I got
to know him.”



Nanako sighed.

“I sound like a fool, I know,” she said.

“Not so much as you think. It only took two conversations with your dad for me to know that
I was going to fall in love with him.” 

“Really? They must have been special conversations.” 

“Well, the first time I was actually giving a statement about a crime. But he was very patient
and professional and I liked how he looked. Then I ran into him again at the supermarket, and
I thought to myself ‘Kaho, go up and talk to that man and see if there’s more to him than
being a detective.’ And I was right,” mom said. 

“I love that story. But I don’t think that’s what’s going on here,” Nanako said.

“Well, whatever is going on, your heart is big, Nanako, and you care about everyone. We just
don’t want you to get that heart hurt or broken, because that would be a huge loss to the
world.” 

“I get it, mom,” Nanako said. 

“Now, was Yu okay with you staying with him?” 

Nanako felt a pit in her stomach.

“I forgot to ask him!” 

“I thought so,” mom said as she got up. “You’d better call him before your dad does.” 

She left. 

Nanako rushed for her phone and called. 

“Hey Nanako,” her big bro said. He sounded hushed. “I’m in a meeting, what’s up?” 

“Oh, sorry!” Nanako said. She was about to say she’d call back, but instead said “Can I come
live with you in Tokyo?” 

“What?” he said, a little louder.

“I want to transfer schools to Tokyo, so can I live with you?” 

Nanako heard a voice in the background, and then her big bro answer the voice, though she
couldn’t make out what was being said. 

“Yeah, sure, that’s fine, I’ll call you later.” 

He hung up. Nanako sighed with relief and fell back on her bed. 



She had snuck out to talk to Yukiko, came up with a plan on how to get to Tokyo,
strategically deployed it, then managed to con her big bro into agreeing to something without
really understanding it.

Maybe Ren had rubbed off on her more than she thought. 

Ren. 

When she thought of him now, it wasn’t the cool and mysterious man of mystery. She thought
of his sad eyes and his hopelessness. And that thought steadied the resolve in her heart.

“I won’t let you be alone,” Nanako whispered. 



Chapter 15: 3/17 - Afternoon
Chapter Summary

Nanako hides out.

Nanako knocked. The door opened. 

“Nanako? Everything all right?” 

“Yeah,” she said. “Can I hide here for a while?” 

“Uh, sure. But I’m in the middle of filiming something…” 

“That’s fine. I’m just tired of walking around and don’t want to go home right now,” she said.
“Unless this isn’t a good time, I can find somewhere else to be.” 

“Nah, come on in. You wanna work the camera?” 

Nanako looked at the expensive DSLR on the robotic-like tripod. Before she could answer,
the whole device was placed into her hands. 

“Don’t worry about it being shakey, the gimbal will keep it steady. Just keep it pointed on the
action.” 

“Are you sure? I don’t want to mess it up,” Nanako said.

“I’m sure, you’re doing me a favor. Okay, hit that red button on the back, then count me in
from three.” 

Nanako found the button, pushed it, then lined up the shot to keep his face in center frame.

“Three….two…one…” Nanako said. 

“What’s up, punks! I’m Tatsumi Kanji, and welcome back to another episode of Badass
Crafting! Today, I was gonna do another part of our cute little gopher family, but I’ve got a
guest camera girl who’s an old friend of mine hanging out with me, so I’m gonna change it
up. It’s important to go with your heart when inspiration strikes you. If anyone tells you
otherwise, go tell them to kiss a squid.” 

Kanji walked through the workshop, which took up most of his house. Nanako followed,
trying to keep the camera locked on him as best she could. The tripod, which Kanji had
called a gimbal, had a bunch of motors on it that kept the camera level, even as she bounced
up and down. It was pretty amazing how smooth it was.



“All right camera girl, pick an animal,” Kanji said. 

“How about a fox?” she said, remembering the fox from the shrine. 

“Fox, awesome. Now remember everybody, I got all these animal bodies made ahead of time
cause I’m making them in such a huge batch, but you don’t gotta feel like you need to do
that. If you need to make the base body for the doll, click on the link below and find the fox
tutorial.” 

Kanji reached into a plastic bin and dug through it, retrieving a couple of doll bodies. They
were adorable little plush bodies with fox noses and ears and tails, but they lacked any other
detail. One was a traditional rust orange, the other was dark blue. 

“Which one?” he asked.

“Blue,” she said, surprising herself. 

“Good choice! Now, we got our little fox guy here, and like I said, sometimes it’s just good to
let your inspiration pull you in whatever direction. If you’re in a crafting slump, or you need
a break from a big project, it helps to just let your creativity run wild! In this case, I’m letting
my camera girl do all the picking, which is a cool challenge too. Now, we gotta make this
little fox guy badass! What do you think we should add on?” 

“Uh…” Nanako had to think about this. What was badass, anyway? “I’m not sure I’m the
best person to ask what’s considered ‘badass.’” 

“We all have a little badass in us. Come on, when you hear the word, what do you think of?” 

“A sword?” Nanako said. 

“Yes, swords are totally badass! Let’s go with a katana.” 

Kanji dug through more drawers and started dropping all sorts of scraps of fabric, spools of
thread, buttons, and other little accessories onto the table. Then he rapidly organized them on
the worktable. One of the accessories was a small katana in its sheath. 

“Now we gotta give this little katana scabbard a little flair, so instead of leaving it black, I’m
gonna wrap a layer of red fabric on it and then glue it down, then add some gold details
here.” 

Nanako brought the camera closer to Kanji’s hands, trying to catch as many of the details as
she could. Kanji spoke about the specific aspects of how he was doing the crafting, giving
tips and tricks and things to look out for if someone was doing the same thing at home. 

When the sword was done, Kanji sewed it into the fox’s hand.

“Hey, there we go! Looking more badass already, huh? Now we gotta give the fox some
clothes. What do you think, camera girl?” 

“Jackets are pretty badass,” Nanako said.



“Hell yeah they are!” 

This is how it went for the next twenty five minutes - Kanji asking a question, yelling “hell
yeah!” and then explaining with extensive detail about how he was making each piece of his
clothing. The final piece, they decided, was to give the little fox a white and blue striped
sash. Kanji was finishing up the stitching on the sash.

“You know,” Kanji said without breaking his concentration on the sewing, “a lot of you at
home are probably saying ‘man Kanji-senpai, I can’t do this, it’s too hard,’ or some crap like
that. Well, you’re wrong, you can do it. I’ve been doing this for a long time, so I have lots of
practice, so that’s why it may seem like it looks easy for me.” 

He kept sewing.

“You may also be saying things like ‘ah, but I’m not this creative’ or ‘I don’t have the
patience to do something like this’ or ‘I really want to do this but I don’t think I can.’ You’re
wrong about that too. People are complicated. We’re a lot of things at the same time, which
means that if you look hard enough, you can find everything inside of you that you need and
want to be. You wanna be better at design, then you can be better at design. If you wanna be
better at stitching, you can do that too. You can be both badass and crafty, if you want. The
important thing is to be true to yourself, and not let anyone else tell you what you should or
should not be.” 

He finished the sash and set the little fox samurai on the table. 

“Look at this guy. He’s both cute and badass. But he’s more than a samurai. I bet he has all
sorts of other parts of his life that you wouldn’t know by just looking at him. Hell, the real
samurai would sit around and do all sorts of art when they weren’t fighting in wars. I bet our
little fox guy is a painter.” 

He pat the top of the samurai fox. 

“That does it for today’s crash course project. If you got questions or suggestion, leave it in
the comments! Until next time, remember to practice your craft, be true to yourself, and stand
up to people who hurt others. Later!” 

Nanako hit the button. The camera beeped. Kanji let out a long breath.

“Wow, one take, that was a good one,” Kanji said. “Thanks a bunch, Nanako.” 

“You’re welcome. What you said at the end was really nice.” 

“Ah, it’s not much. I just say things I wish people had said to me when I was younger,” Kanji
said. He worked on cleaning up his workspace, putting everything exactly where it was
supposed to go. 

“I bet everyone that made fun of you had no idea you’d be a huge YouTube star,” Nanako
said. 



“Yeah, I mean, it’s nice to be able to make money from these videos. But really, I just hope
there’s at least one person out there like me who needs to hear what I’m saying.” 

He finished cleaning up and took the camera to upload the movie to his computer for editing
later. Nanako sat on a plush couch and drank green tea out of an adorable black cat mug. 

“So, you sure everything’s okay?” Kanji asked. “I mean you’re welcome to be here
whenever, but…” 

“I’m fine. Just kinda going through a thing. And I don’t want to talk about it.”

“I get that. Hey, you wanna bake something?” 

Nanako smiled. “Yeah, that sounds like fun.” 

\



Chapter 16: 3/17 - Evening
Chapter Summary

Dojima makes a decision.

Dad came home late. Nanako and her mom ate dinner by themselves, pointedly not-talking
about the issue at hand. They both ate cookies that Nanako had made at Kanji’s place. 

He was still on his phone when he walked through the door. 

“You’re sure?” he said into the phone. Pause. Dad sighed. “Okay. We’ll see how it goes. I’ll
talk to you soon.” 

Nanako and her mom were watching TV. Mom shut it off when dad sat down at the table.
Mom got up to warm up the leftovers. 

“That was Yu,” Dad said. 

“How’s he doing?” Nanako asked, unsure of what else to say. Dad narrowed his eyes at her. 

“Let’s be very clear on one thing, Nanako. The minute you step out of line, or your grades
slip, or there’s any risky behavior going on, you’re on a train back to Inaba.” 

Nanako felt her heart leap. 

“You mean…I can go?” 

“If you can get into Shujin Academy, and if you agree to the rules of how you’re going to
behave in Tokyo, and if you don’t give your cousin a hard time…then…yes.” 

Nanako leapt across the table and hugged her dad with all her strength. Excitement and relief
rushed out at her all at once.

“Thank you, daddy! Thank you, thank you! You won’t regret this, I promise. And I’ll come
home all the time, and call you and mom even more!” 

Dad grumbled, but hugged his daughter anyway. 

“There’s a lot to do, so you better get a start on it. I’ll sign whatever paperwork you need, but
if you want to get into Shujin you’re going to have to do it yourself,” Dad said, as if
somehow that was going to stop her. They both knew it wouldn’t - a little paperwork was a
snap for Nanako. 



“Right, I better go look up the application right now,” she said, leaping up to her feet. “And
I’ll need to figure out some good extra-curriculars, maybe find a list of the clubs, and I’ll
most likely need letters of recommendation so I better email Yosuke and…” 

She kept listing off things as she ran to her room. 

Ryotaro Dojima sat in front of his reheated dinner with a mixture of pride and sadness in his
heart. Where did the little girl who sang the Junes theme song go? 

But, he mused to himself, this was the nature of parenting. An endless cycle of frustration,
joy, and sadness. 

His wife kissed him on the cheek.

“I’m proud of you.” 

“I just hope I don’t regret it,” he said. 



Chapter 17: 3/17 - Evening - SHINJUKU
Chapter Summary

Meanwhile, at Crossroads...

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

SHINJUKU 

Ichiko Ohya was ready to get very drunk. 

It was a lull at Crossroads, which was her favorite, since it meant that she had Lala-chan all
to herself. Lala-chan had grown an immunity to Ohya’s bitching and moaning, and so she
could let it all out. Besides, Lala-chan was a bartender, it was part of the job to listen to
confessions. 

Like a priest that served you booze. 

Lala-chan saw her in the doorway and had the first drink waiting for her before Ohya’s butt
hit the stool. She tipped it back, letting the amber liquid burn down her throat, and then
pushed the tumbler back towards Lala-chan.

“Another, please.” 

“Rough day again?” Lala-chan said, with no shortage of sarcasm. If having two drinks meant
a rough day, then all of Ohya’s days were rough.

She wouldn’t necessarily disagree with that. 

“I swear they’re trying to kill me,” Ohya said. “I used to think they just wanted to drive me
out of the paper. Now I think…no, I know they want me dead. Work me to death like so many
40 year old salarymen. Well, I’ll show them. You can’t kill me of stress if my blood is 10%
alcohol.” 

“If your liver doesn’t get you,” Lala-chan said.

“Hush you. You get your money, don’t you?”

“I won’t if you die. Maybe I should have you pay off your tab more often,” she said.

“Lala-chaaaaaan, don’t be mean to meeeee…” 

Ohya put her head on the bar and enjoyed the cool wood on her forehead. 



She heard the door open but didn’t bother to look up. 

“What’ll it be, darling?” Lala-chan asked the newcomer. 

“Just a beer,” said a mellow voice. “Is she…?” 

“Too drunk to sit up? Not yet,” Lala-chan said. 

Ohya looked up. 

The newcomer was a man about her age, maybe a little older. He was strikingly handsome,
wearing a well-fitted black jacket over a silver-threaded collared shirt that matched his
platinum hair. He slipped into the stool next to hers, which caused Ohya to sit up. 

“I know you,” she declared. Yes, he wasn’t just strikingly handsome, but also familiar,
though she couldn’t quite place it. 

“Do you? I was actually under the impression that you quite ignored me,” he said. Lala-chan
brought over his beer. He gave it a sip. 

“Narukami,” she said. “That’s right. You’re Narukami. You work the entertainment beat
too.” 

“That’s right,” he said with a small smile. “You don’t really pay much attention to the other
entertainment reporters, so I wasn’t sure you’d recognize me.” 

“Pch. Well. It’s nothing personal,” Ohya said, grabbing her fresh drink and taking a gulp.
“It’s just…”

“Below you,” he said. Ohya took another sip of her drink, but just a small one. This
Narukami had followed her here for a reason. Nobody just randomly walked into
Crossroads. 

“What’s your angle, Narukami? You here on behalf of the chief?” she asked. 

“No, not at all. I actually don’t like the chief that much.” 

Hm. That put a point in his favor, though the chief might have told him that. Ohya hadn’t
made much effort to hide her distaste for her boss.

“You obviously followed me here, you obviously have something on your mind, so just say
it. No sense dancing around,” she said. 

“I’m sure you’d make a great dance partner,” he said. 

Ohya felt a little flutter in her heart over that, and hated herself for it. 

“Spit it out, Narukami.” 



“The entertainment beat is below you. I get it. You didn’t get into the news business to report
on sneakers and movies and-” 

“And mobile games with anime girls using giant guns to grab the attention of sex-crazed teen
boys?” she said. “Yeah, you’re right, I didn’t.” 

“Neither did I,” he said. 

Ohya thought a little longer about Narukami. He was right, she didn’t spend a lot of time
thinking about her co-workers, but she was a good reporter, and that meant knowing what she
was working with. She had read his articles. 

“You write the idol articles,” she said. “And they’re good ones. You’re always scooping
everyone else.” 

He shrugged. “It’s where they put me because I was nosing around some things I wasn’t
supposed to. Sound familiar?” 

It did. That intrigued her, but also put up her guard. 

“Drink more beer,” she ordered. Narukami gave her a sidelong look, but did as he was told. 

“Why tell me?” Ohya asked.

“Because it’s hard to find people who want to reach out for the truth,” Narukami said. “And
when you find them, you have to stick together.” 

“I don’t do partners,” Ohya said. Anymore, she almost said. 

“I don’t need a partner. But an ally might be nice. A confidant.”

“Scratch my back and I scratch yours?” she asked.

“Something like that.” 

She took another drink. 

“Maybe. I don’t trust you yet.” 

“Good, I don’t trust you either. But I’ll make the first move,” he said, reaching into his
pocket. He slipped out a folded piece of printer paper, dropped it on the bar, then went to take
another drink of his beer. Ohya picked it up and unfolded it.

There was a picture printed from a laser printer, along with a name: Tomohisa Aso. 

“Who’s this?” 

“The director of the Special Investigations Unit,” he said. “Know anything about him?” 

She thought. 



“No, not off hand. But I can check some of my notes. What’d he do?” 

“That’s more info than I’m willing to share,” he said. “But if you find anything, let me
know?”

“And what do I get in exchange?” 

“My help, if I can give it. And knowing that you’re working for the truth,” he said. 

This was a bad idea. She was drinking, tired, lonely, and a good-looking guy was offering her
an ally. It’d been so long since she’d had anyone that she could trust. She wanted it more than
she wanted to admit.

She was probably walking right into a trap. 

And yet, Tomohisa Aso intrigued her. 

“Murakami Kayo,” she said in return. “Hear that name?”

“Can’t say that I have.”

“If you do, tell me,” she said. 

“Deal.” 

He reached for his paper, but she snatched it up and stuck it into her pocket. 

“I’ll be keeping that,” she said.

“Suit yourself.” He turned and drained the rest of his beer, then put money - with a generous
tip - on the counter. “Be seeing you around, Ohya-san.” 

She watched him stride to the door. When he got to the edge, he stopped.

“A little tip for you, get an informant about your entertainment topics. Speeds up the process
and gives you more time to investigate the important things.” 

He left. 

When the door shut behind him, Lala-chan said, “Mmm, mmm, he was a dream wasn’t he? If
you didn’t accept his offer, I was going to accept it for you. I could stand to have him around
my place more often.” 

Ohya downed the rest of the second drink and waved the glass impatiently at Lala-chan. 

Chapter End Notes



The SIU Director actually doesn't have a real name. Tomohisa Aso is the name of his
Japanese voice actor.



Chapter 18: 4/8 - Morning
Chapter Summary

Nanako departs.

“You’ll call when you get to Yu’s place safely. Call, not text,” Dad said. 

“Yes, of course.” 

“And call often. Mom is going to be worried about you,” he said. 

“Just mom?” Nanako teased. 

Her dad hugged her. Her mom wasn’t far behind. 

“I’m so proud of you. Have a good time, and we’ll look forward to hearing all about your
adventure.” 

“Thanks for everything, mom.” 

She looked at both of them.

“I love you guys! Take care of Inaba for me!” 

Then she picked up her luggage and pulled it onto the train. 

She found a seat next to the window and put her luggage and backpack beside her. The train
lurched forward and began to pick up speed.

Her parents waved until they were completely out of sight. 

Nanako let out a long breath and settled back in her seat. She was sad to be leaving them, of
course. Sad to be leaving Inaba, too. It was home. It would always be home. But it, along
with her parents, would be waiting for her when she got back. 

She pulled out a small notebook from her coat pocket and looked at the checklist. Already
crossed off was “pack” “get snacks” “confirm train schedule and times” and “remind big
bro.” 

Now she crossed off “go to Tokyo.” 

All that was left was “find big bro” “unpack” “go over school requirements.” 



It felt weird to just sit there and watch the world go by. The last few days had been such a
whirlwind of activity and emotion between planning, packing, communicating with Shujin
Academy, and all the ridiculous goodbye parties. Seriously, did she really need one from
Yukiko, Kanji, and her parents separately? 

She had to admit it was nice, though. How could she be nervous or afraid when she had so
much love sending her off? 

Nanako opened her backpack and got out the small pack of chocolate cookies she bought at
the train station vending machine. She probably shouldn’t be eating cookies this early in the
morning, but who was going to stop her?

She was on her own now. 



Chapter 19: 4/8 Afternoon
Chapter Summary

Nanako arrives.

“Nanako, over here!” 

Nanako’s heart leapt when she heard her big bro’s voice. She had just finished wrestling her
luggage onto the platform and was about to text him when he called out.

“Hey big bro!” she called out. 

He swept in and hugged her. 

She’d last seem him at New Year’s, but it still felt like it had been an eternity. He was dressed
sharply, as always, though his shirt was a little wrinkled and his face a little haggard. 

“You’ve been working too hard,” Nanako declared. 

“Me? Never. I slack off as much as I can,” he said with a grin. He grabbed the pull-handle of
her luggage and led them away from the platform. 

“You do not,” Nanako said.

“I do! I don’t even write my own stories.” 

She rolled her eyes and he laughed. 

“Thanks again for letting me stay with you,” she said. “I wasn’t sure you were going to let
me.” 

“You tricked me the first time,” he said.

Darn, how’d he figure that out? 

“Yeah, but it’s been almost a month, you could’ve backed out at any time. So thanks. I’ll try
not to be in the way, I know there’s not a lot of space.” 

Yu frowned. “Huh? Oh. Right. When was the last time you saw my place?” 

Nanako thought for a moment. “I guess it’s been about two years. Why?” 

“I moved,” Yu said. “Don’t worry, there’s plenty of space.” 



Nanako was surprised, but also glad. The last time she’d visited, he’d been living in a
cramped one bedroom apartment next to the train tracks. Fortunately, big bro was neat and
organized, but she had mentally prepared herself for sleeping on the living room floor and
spending most of her time at the library or a cafe or something. Then again, big bro worked a
lot, so she had hoped that maybe he’d be the one out all the time.

This was a welcome relief.

And maybe a sign that she was doing the right thing. 

Yu didn’t bother with taking the train back to his place and ordered a taxi instead. They got
in, and Nanako stared at the window some more. 

“It’s so crazy that you live here,” Nanako said. “It’s just…so much. It’s almost too much.” 

“It’s definitely not Inaba,” Yu said. “But I grew up here, remember? You’ll get used to it.
There’s a certain rhythm to the city. It’s faster, maybe a little more frantic, but you’ll be a
cynical city-dweller in no time.” 

Nanako wasn’t quite sure about that. Already she was feeling a little more nervous. She’d
been to Tokyo before, of course, to visit. But visiting a place was very different than living in
it. 

“By the way…Dojima never told me why you wanted to come out here,” her big bro said. 

“Oh. He didn’t? Huh.” Nanako said.

“If that was you trying to avoid the question, you did an awful job,” Yu said. “Come on, I’m
the one putting a roof over your head, don’t you think I deserve to know?” 

“Uh, well. It’s…I’m trying to do the right thing, you could say.” 

“For yourself?” 

“Yes. And for someone else,” she admitted.

“Aha. Then this person must be very important to you.” 

Nanako studied her big bro. He was tricking her. He was speaking with an easygoing tone
and seeming to keep the questions light, but he was slowly closing in on the truth. He was
just being very patient about it. 

“You’re trying to reporter me,” she said. 

“Yes I am, and it’s working rather well.” 

“I give up,” she said. Then she told him. Not quite everything - again the whole part about
breaking and entering was glossed over and left vague. But she told him everything else: the
shrine, Ren’s unjust situation, her desire to help him. 



By the time she was done, the taxi had pulled up to a shining apartment building in Shibuya.
Yu unloaded the luggage and tipped the driver. A doorman opened the front door and then
rushed to take the luggage from Yu, setting it on a luggage cart. 

Another doorman pushed the button to the elevator. When the elevator closed, Nanako turned
to her big bro, shocked.

“This place is nice! How on earth do you afford it?” 

“Hey, I’m a good writer,” he said, sounding mock-offended. “I got a promotion recently. I
thought maybe it was time to live a little nicer.” 

The elevator stopped, and the pair of them exited. The second doorman was already waiting
by the apartment door with the luggage. Yu thanked him and then helped Nanako take it
inside. 

The place was even more gorgeous on the inside. The living room had huge windows that led
onto a balcony that overlooked the bustling city below. The living room itself had a nice
couch in front of a huge television. There was a dining room table big enough to seat eight,
and then a gorgeous modern kitchen with new, stainless steel appliances. 

“All of this for writing articles about idols…” Nanako said, amazed. Yu chuckled and
motioned for her to follow.

“Your room in this way.” 

They walked down a short hallway to a bathroom and bedroom. The bedroom was done in a
sleek modern style, with a bed, desk, bookshelf and dresser. It too had a window that looked
out onto the city. 

“Will this do?” Yu asked.

“This is amazing! But you’re not sleeping on the couch or something, are you?” 

He laughed. “No, my room is on the other side of the apartment. It’s a three bedroom. You
have free reign of the place, but I’d ask you to stay out of the other two bedrooms. One is
mine, the other is my home office.” 

“Sure, of course. Thanks big bro, this is amazing.” 

“I’ll let you get unpacked and then we can get some dinner. Maybe you want to invite your
friend?” 

Nanako looked confused. “My friend?” 

“Yeah, the one you were talking about. Amamiya.” 

“Oh. Uh. Well, he doesn’t actually know I’m here.” 

It was Yu’s turned to look surprised. 



“You didn’t tell him?” 

“I uh…no, I guess not. It sorta slipped my mind.” 

“What are you going to say to him when you see him?” 

“Uh…I…” Nanako felt a fresh new rush of panic. “I’m not sure.” 

“Well, you might want to tell him before you see him at school. I don’t know about him, but
if someone from home followed me out to Inaba when I moved, I would’ve thought they
were a bit…eccentric.” 

“You mean crazy. A crazy stalker.” 

Yu winced, but nodded. Nanako groaned. 

“It’s okay, just tell him, like I said. And maybe tell him that you were interested in…uh…
what’s at Shujin that might interest you?” 

“I’m going to volleyball practice tomorrow,” Nanako said. “The coach, Kamoshida-sensei, is
a former Olympic athlete, and I hear Shujin has a really great team” 

“There you go. Think about using that.” 

“Isn’t that lying?” Nanako asked.

“Technically, yes.” 

“You want me to lie?” 

“It’s just a suggestion. Like I said, I’d think it was strange if someone followed me.” 

Yu nodded and left the room. Nanako set her luggage on the bed and unzipped it, beginning
to unpack. 

Great. What was she going to say to Ren? 

There was still a couple of days before school started. She had time.

She could fix this. 



Chapter 20: 4/9 - Afternoon
Chapter Summary

Nanako meets Kamoshida.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

When Nanako first arrived to Shujin, she found it a little intimidating. 

But at that moment, it was the last thing on her mind.

The school was just so sleek compared to Yasogami High. Sure, it was still essentially a
school, but everything had a shine to it. Even the way the uniforms were designed, with their
trendy little chevrons on the collar, and the bone white, pitch black and blood red colors, just
seemed so much cooler. 

Sophisticated.

Maybe even dangerous.

It was the first time since arriving that she wondered if she was going to be too much of a
country girl to fit in. 

But she wasn’t thinking about that anymore.

It was an open practice - anyone could show up. They weren’t exactly try-outs, but Nanako
could definitely feel Kamoshida-sensei’s gaze locked on her every move. 

He was a nice enough guy, she figured. Gregarious, smiley - though there was a bit of an
edge when he started talking about volleyball. That was to be expected of a coach, especially
a former Olympian. 

The thing that she had noticed first though was just how large he was. He was tall, with a
classic V-torso and hefty muscles. Nanako wasn’t sure she’d ever met someone so muscular
in person before. Standing next to him was a little intimidating. 

She wouldn’t exactly call him handsome. His jaw was like a lantern and felt like it belonged
more on a comic book character than a real person. But if the other teachers at Shujin were
like him, she figured that she would be fine.

But she wasn’t thinking about Kamoshida, either.



The gym was nice. Nanako had brought her new PE uniform, snapped on some knee pads,
made sure her twin-tails were secured, and got ready to play some volleyball. 

She wasn’t the best player, even back at Yasogami High. But she was athletic enough to be a
decent teammate. She had filled the role of the defensive-support player on her old team, as
well as team spirit leader. It was always fun to make posters for her teammates or just text
them and see if they were doing all right. 

But she wasn’t thinking about her old team. 

As it turned out, being a mediocre player at Yasogami meant that she was a terrible player at
Shujin. Everyone there - the boys and girls alike - had tremendous skill. They were quick,
strong, and most importantly seemingly unafraid to dive for the ball, wherever it was
heading.

It was like they didn’t feel the pain. Like it had been conditioned out of them, somehow. 

But that would’ve been fine by Nanako. She didn’t have to be good. She could practice and
get better. It was all a stepping stone to something better. It was like Kanji in his videos,
when he said that he had a lot of practice. She just had to apply herself. 

But she wasn’t thinking about that either.

“Why are you even here?” came the bemused taunt from the other side of the net. The girl
had black hair tied into a ponytail, and looked at Nanako with total disgust. 

“I’m playing volleyball,” Nanako said. The girl held in a laugh.

“That’s not playing volleyball. You’re playing keepy-uppy. You want me to get you a balloon
you can bounce around? If you’re a good girl, you can have a cupcake.” 

Nanako frowned. “What’s your problem?” 

“You. You’re gonna drag this time down if you join it. Even if Kamoshida keeps you on,
you’ll never do well. But he’ll put you in as a pity move or something and you’re gonna blow
an important play.” 

The girl walked right to the edge of the net, her nose nearly touching it.

“Go home,” she said.

“No,” Nanako said, standing straighter. “I have a right to be here.” 

“Then I’ll show you that you don’t belong,” the girl said. She walked over to the serve line.
Nanako stood back to her defensive position, where another girl was standing. 

“Who’s that?” Nanako asked.

“Shiho Suzui, the best player on the girl’s team. Don’t talk to me, I don’t want to get in
trouble from her.” 



The play started. Shiho served, Nanako returned it with a bump. But Shiho was already sky-
high and spiked it down half-a-heartbeat after Nanako had bumped it.

The ball crashed into Nanako’s shoulder with enough force to knock her over. Shiho gave her
a cold look, then a sneer. 

“Point for us,” she said.

This is the only thing that Nanako thought about.

Beating the sneer off of Shiho’s face.

Nanako ran for every play, put more hustle and effort into this practice than she ever did. She
prayed to Chie, hoping that somehow she could lend Nanako her strength and athleticism. 

She gave it her absolute all. She was soaked with sweat, her knees were raw, and her feet
were getting blisters from her new shoes. 

It wasn’t enough.

Nanako dove left to block Shiho’s shot, but Shiho had shot it to her right. Nanako lay face-
down on the court. Shiho ducked under the net and knelt next to her.

“Game point, bitch,” Shiho muttered. “Don’t come back here.” 

There was a whistle, and everyone moved to clean up. 

“Hey, Nanako-chan,” Kamoshida said. He set his big hand on her left shoulder in a friendly,
gentle sort of way. Nanako was sitting at the bench, working on putting her walking shoes
back on. 

“Hi, sensei,” Nanako said. “I guess I didn’t realize how good you all were. Sorry for wasting
your time.” 

Kamoshida smiled.

“Not at all, Nanako-chan. You were really sweatin’ out there. I don’t think anyone else put as
much effort into this practice as you did. If they had your hustle, we’d win the championship
for sure.” 

Nanako shrugged. It was kind of a lop-sided shrug, since Kamoshida still had his hand on her
shoulder.

“I think you have a lot of potential. You have some growing to do, sure, but once you fill out
your weak spots, you could be a very good player. I’d like to keep you on the team. I don’t
know if you would be a starter, or how much game time you would get…but I can help you.
I’d even work with you one on one for some specialized training,” Kamoshida said.

“That’s very nice of you, sensei. I’ll have to think about it.” 



“Of course,” he said, lifting his hand away from her shoulder. “Have a good evening,
Nanako-chan.” 

He flashed a big smile over his extra large chin. Nanako smiled back politely, though she
wasn’t really in a smiling mood. 

She made her way out of the gym and over to the school’s main gate. As she was walking out
of the gate, she spotted two people looking at her.

The first was Shiho. The second was a tall girl with blonde hair and an amazing figure.
Nanako thought she could be a model, though that just might be because she had pigtails like
Rise. They were talking when she stepped out, but stopped when they spotted Nanako. 

They both stared her down. 

Nanako gave them a friendly wave, then turned to head to the train station. 

Chapter End Notes

The dates from this point forward will not match up with the dates in game. Even
though P5 is in 20XX, the days of the week line up for it being in 2016. Since this is
2021, I'm using the days of the week it will be.



Chapter 21: 4/9 - Evening
Chapter Summary

Nanako thinks.

Nanako lay in the bath back at her big bro’s apartment - though she supposed she had to start
thinking of it as “her” apartment now. The water was able to get scalding hot, and it was
surprisingly spacious. 

But not even the luxury living made Nanako feel better about her day. Firstly, she was sore all
over. She was surprised to see that the ball that Shiho spiked had actually left a bruise on her
shoulder. There were dozens of bruises along her legs and forearms too - nothing massive,
but enough to make her feel a little self-conscious. There was also just the general ache of her
exerting so much. 

She should’ve kept up the daily physical training regimen Chie had put her on…

She took a breath, put her nose at the surface of the water, and blew bubbles with it. 

The thing that troubled Nanako the most was how Shiho had acted. Maybe she was right and
that Nanako wouldn’t do much for the team, but did she have to be so aggressive about it?
Why not just talk to Kamoshida alone? Or better yet, why not just talk to Nanako herself and
talk about the concerns? What was all this violence about? 

But, she could actually understand Shiho’s line of thinking. Nanako didn’t think it was right,
but she could understand it. 

What she didn’t understand was the rest of the students. They no doubt saw Nanako get
bullied, but nobody say anything. Not one person stood up for her, or quietly talked to
Kamoshida, or even gave her an apologetic look. 

Was this the kind of place she had signed up to spend the whole year? A place where
everyone is lethally competitive about everything? Would she be spending the year fighting
off jealous and territorial popular girls? 

What would Ren do about this? 

He’d probably find a way to embarrass Shiho. Find out a dark secret, expose it in front of
everyone.

No. He wouldn’t. He’d put on his fake glasses and fade into the background. 

The one time he’d broken the law was to save someone else.



Now Nanako’s stomach was tying itself in knots about Ren. She still hadn’t texted or called
him. Yu’s suggestion to use the volleyball team didn’t seem like such a good idea anymore.
But even before her tryout fiasco, there was something about making up a lie to him that
didn’t sit right with her.

But telling him the truth was scary. 

Was it because her feelings weren’t as altruistic as she was trying to convince everyone? Was
she really doing all of this for a stolen kiss that may or may not have been real? Or rather, a
stolen kiss that was more than likely not real? 

She groaned and sunk lower into the bath. 

Nanako had no one to blame but herself. She wanted an exciting life. 

Stress and disappointment is exciting too. 



Chapter 22: 4/11 - Afternoon
Chapter Summary

Yu remembers drama.

When Nanako was a child, she took control. 

Her mother had died. Her father had lost himself in alcohol, work, and grief. She was six
years old, and the world no longer made any sense.

So she took control. 

She cooked, cleaned, and set her own bedtime. She watched her father’s emotions like a
hawk, working hard to never make any trouble for him, and to make him feel better. The few
times she asked for something - going on a trip, having a vacation - she always felt terrible
about it afterwards. She felt guilty. Greedy. After all, her father had been in so much pain,
how could she be so selfish? 

It was big bro that helped her realize that wanting those things was normal. And it was he
who let her begin to reclaim her childhood. 

Of course, dad got better, and Nanako was able to reclaim a happy childhood. 

But that mechanism of taking control never left her. 

She’d only been to Shujin twice - once for the volleyball practice and once to meet the
principal and her new homeroom teacher, Kawakami-sensei - and her life was already
chaotic. Nanako hadn’t realized how much she was counting on the volleyball team as her
starting point. Not only would it give her some purpose and structure to school, but it would
have built in a social group, at least to start with. 

It also was a really convenient excuse for Ren. 

So Nanako made lists. 

Lists of possible excuses. Lists of possible other clubs to try. Lists of other sports to do. Lists
of ways to make new friends. If she could make a solid plan, she could navigate through this
awkward transition. 

“Did they give you homework already?” Yu asked. Nanako had set up all of her lists at the
dining room table, spread out in an orderly grid. She was scanning over the lists again and
again, looking for some angle or insight she might have missed. 



“No, these are just plans for starting school,” Nanako replied. Yu leaned over the table and
scanned them. 

“Wow. You’re really planning for every possibility…’list of possible delinquent excuses’?
What’s that one?” 

“Reasons I might have been forced out of Inaba. I…probably won’t use that list. It would
require me to spread rumors about myself and that’s probably not the best way to start.” 

“No, I don’t think so,” Yu said kindly but firmly. “You’re not doing volleyball?” 

“I don’t know if it’s for me. I was okay back home, but this team plays on a different level,”
Nanako said. “Did you join a sport in high school, big bro?” 

“Yeah, basketball,” he said. “Joined not long after I got to Yasogami.” 

“How’d that go?” 

He sat down beside her and thought.

“Well…I ended up helping the basketball ace deal with the fact that he was adopted and the
sudden shift of his family no longer needing him to fulfill the family legacy.” 

“…What?” Nanako said, confused.

“Long story.” 

“…Okay. Did you do any other clubs?” 

“Drama,” he said.

“How’d that go?”

“Dramatically,” he said with a smirk. 

“Ha ha,” Nanako said flatly.

“No, really, see her father was dying…”

Nanako gave him an incredulous look. “Are you making this up to mess with me?” 

“No, honestly, it all happened. I just had a very strange year,” he said. He laughed, which
made Nanako laugh. “Sorry, I guess that doesn’t help you much, does it?” 

“Not really,” she said. She took a deep breath and summoned up the courage to say what had
been running in the back of her head for the last couple of days. “I think I made a mistake
coming here.” 

“Moving is always hard, no matter how much planning you do. But a little adversity is good
for you. And sometimes…” her big bro said, scooping up all the lists and putting them into a
pile “Having no plan is the best plan. Just go tomorrow and see what happens.” 



“What about Ren? I thought you said I should have excuse ready?” 

He shrugged. “I did, but maybe I was wrong about that. Maybe you’ll go tomorrow, see him,
and the perfect words will just jump into your head.” 

“And what if they don’t?” she asked.

“Then you’ll look like a fool. But that’s okay too. The hard part will be over. If the
connection you felt you had with him was real, he’ll come around to you being there. And if
it isn’t, then you’ll be here on an adventure anyway. And I get to spend a whole year with
you, which I’m very happy about,” he said. 

Nanako’s heart filled to the brim. “Really? I was worried I’d be getting in the way. You know,
your pesky little sister getting in the way of meeting women or something.” 

Yu laughed. “You don’t need to worry about that. All right, enough lists and planning. We’re
going to a movie and then out to dinner. It’s your last day of break, you should enjoy it a
little.” 

“Thanks, big bro.” 



Chapter 23: 4/11 - Night
Chapter Summary

Nanako dreams.

Nanako had the dream again. 

“Izanagi! Cut him down!”

She had never heard big bro yell with so much raw emotion. 

She was too little at the time to understand the mix of rage, fear, and desperation that strained
his cries. 

Above her big bro was a man made of razor blades, a black coat and white bandanna trailing
behind him as he slashed a naginata at the red demon in the white t-shirt. The demon battered
the razor man aside, which caused her big bro to grunt in pain, the grip on his own katana
slipping.

“I wIlL SaVe HeR!” the demon cried in a distorted voice. 

“Let Nanako go!” big bro cried, adjusting a pair of glasses on his face. “Persona change -
Sraosha!” 

The razor blade man vanished and was replaced in a flash of blue, replaced by a mermaid-
like angel with four wings. The angel rose high and unleashed bright white lights that barrage
at the demon like missiles. 

The explosions rocked the demon, and Nanako with it.

“Big bro!” she cried out in a tiny voice. She felt herself falling.

And falling.

The dream was changing. Nanako had never seen this before. The paradise world, the red
demon, her big bro, it was all gone, replaced by pitch darkness.

Then red. Dull red light expanded in front of her, in the shape of a bridge. Nanako grit her
teeth, preparing for the impact, but like in every dream, she landed safely. 

She stood. She was tall again, returned to her full age. She looked up at the sky, wondering if
she could see the paradise world above her, but was met only with a stone ceiling.



There was groaning all around her. 

She gasped and spun around in a circle, trying to find the source of the sound, but the dim red
light prevented her from making anything out clear. 

Until she turned all the way back around.

Suddenly there was a door ahead of her. No, not a door. The door was not solid, but had bars.
It was a prison cell. Red lights criss-crossed in frightening organic patterns that reminded her
of veins, illuminating the cell in a dull red light.

A woman sat on the cell floor, leaning against the wall. She wore a structured blue dress that
reminded Nanako of a military uniform, though far more elegant. The details of her dress
shone with glints of gold that matched her platinum blonde hair and her almost glowing
yellow eyes. 

She looked sad. No, worse than sad. Despondent. 

Nanako took a step forward. Her single footstep echoed loudly through the chamber, sharp
and harsh compared to the dull moaning that permeated everything else. 

The woman turned to look at her, eyes narrowing. Nanako froze, frightened.

The woman peered closer, as if unable to believe her eyes. 

“Justice?” she asked. 

Nanako woke up. 



Chapter 24: 4/12 - Early Morning
Chapter Summary

Nanako commutes.

Of course it rained on the first day of school. 

But Nanako was ready. 

She hadn’t been able to sleep well after her strange dream, so she’d woken up early to put on
her uniform. She looked as sleek as the rest of Shujin in it, with its red buttons and small
black bow against the bright white shirt and the stylish school crest with the double chevrons.
She wore black tights beneath her skirt, and even matched the hair ties for her twintails to the
matching scarlet red. 

She had the black school bag and a matching black umbrella. Normally, Nanako didn’t dare
to break the uniform codes, but she attached one thing to her bag - the little fox samurai that
Kanji had made for her before she left Inaba. Right now she felt like she needed an adorable
badass protector. 

She prepared breakfast and watched TV while she ate it. In the background she could hear
her big bro getting ready for his day too. 

“Hey, you better leave a little earlier today,” Yu called out. “There was another subway
accident, so the train schedule might be affected.” 

“Okay,” Nanako said.

“You remember how to get to the right platform, right?” 

“We went over it twice yesterday,” she reminded him. 

“I know. Just making sure. I’ll be busy today, but text me if you need anything. Oh, I put a
little extra money in your bag. Just in case.” 

She got up and gave him a hug.

“Thanks big bro.” 

She left early, braving the rain. Her heart was pounding with the excitement and nerves of
navigating Tokyo rush hour in the rain. It seemed even more crowded with the sudden influx
of students peppered around the station. She must have seen at least a dozen different
uniforms. 



Like the white one that the boy who bumped into her wore.

“My goodness! My deepest apologies, I was caught up in observing the rain and I wasn’t
paying attention!” said the boy with the blue hair and the rich deep voice. Nanako was rattled
a bit from their collision, but wasn’t hurt.

“It’s okay,” she said. “The rain is beautiful.” 

“Yes, it is,” he said. “It lends an air of the ethereal to the mundane. Not to mention the
symbolism of nature cleaning what man has wrought upon its soil.” 

“That’s a nice way of putting it,” Nanako said. The boy stared back at the rain. She waited a
second for him to respond, but she realized maybe he hadn’t even heard her say anything. 

She was pretty sure he wasn’t paying any attention to her anymore.

“Well…have a good day!” Nanako said before heading back to the train. 

She crushed herself into train car and listened to the news. Most of it was on the subway
accident from the day earlier, and all of the changes to the train schedule that were being
made as a result. 

She got off.

She followed other Shujin students up the stairs and on their long march towards the front of
school and the beginning of a new year. Students walked in groups of three or four and
huddled beneath umbrellas.

This was it, she realized. The start of everything. She had spent the whole month turning her
life upside down for this day. 

Would it be a special one? 

She stopped dead in her tracks.

There he was.

Amamiya Ren, looking as lithe and mysterious as ever, huddling under a building from the
rain.

Standing next to a gorgeous blonde. 



Chapter 25: END PART 1
Chapter Summary

Where is the Investigation Team now?

Where is the Investigation Team now? 

Yukiko Amagi

Age: 26

Relationship Status: Married, two children with one on the way.

After exploring the possibility of moving away from Inaba with Yu, Yukiko decided to stay in
Inaba and take on the role of the next manager, continuing on her family legacy. When she
graduated high school, she didn’t pursue further education, choosing instead to begin
working full time at the inn immediately. Her life moved rapidly forward when at age 19 she
met Sadao, a young man who came to work at the Inn as a gardener and handyman. They fell
in love almost immediately, and the two were married within six months of meeting each
other, much to the shock of her friends and family. 

Married life was hard at first, made even more difficult by Yukiko becoming pregnant within
the year. She gave birth to her first child, a son named Tsuneo. At first, Yukiko wasn’t sure
she could hold together being a mother, manager, and wife. After the first bitter year, Yukiko
found her inner fire and iron will and matured into a truly admirable woman. Three years
later, Yukiko had her daughter Ai, and now has one more on the way. Her relationship with
her husband is stronger than ever, and the future of the Amagi Inn is in excellent hands. 

—

Kanji Tatsumi 

Age: 25

Relationship Status: ???

After high school, Kanji went to work full time at his mother’s textile shop at the Central
Shopping District in Inaba. Business had continued to slow due to the influence of Junes and
online shopping. Kanji watched trends carefully and realized that if they were going to
survive, the store needed to be rebranded as a “high end boutique.” Kanji took to social
media, making videos about how they did business, how they worked with local sources and
local businesses, and why the quality of their products were higher. He even got Rise
Kujikawa to endorse the business, which helped bring new awareness. 



As part of the video series, Kanji started making tutorials for small sewing projects, hoping
that inspiring people to take up crafts would result in people purchasing more textiles. These
soon became some of the most popular videos on their social media campaign, and Kanji
quickly built a new channel to monetize the popularity of the videos. This is where he curated
his “Badass Crafts” branding, remembering how he had struggled in his youth with his
masculinity and his love of crafting. This took off like crazy, changing Kanji into a social
media celebrity and securing the financial safety for himself and his mother. 

Kanji doesn’t let the “celebrity” status get to his head. He mostly focuses on driving business
to his store, producing useful and wholesome content, and replying to comments left by other
lost people struggling with their identities. 

—

Yu Narukami

Age: 26

Relationship Status: Single

After high school, Yu went to college to initially study to be a police detective. However, he
found that enforcing the law was not enough for him and he wanted to expose deeper truths
hidden by “the system.” He switched to studying journalism, where his charisma, dedication,
and writing skills served him well. 

After graduation, Yu worked for a small investigative news blog, focusing on national
politics. He garnered some attention for his work, but the blog was not financially solvent
and collapsed within a year. After that, Yu got a job at Maiasa where he initially was assigned
stories on local Tokyo politics. Yu wrote several pieces that gained more attention, but also
got in trouble when one of the items he exposed ended up having ties to Maiasa’s owners. 

Yu was threatened to tone it down, which resulted in him pivoting to writing articles about
the Japanese Idol scene. His investigative abilities have resulted in him always having the
best scoops and most accurate information about idols, which boosted the readership
massively. It is uncertain if Yu enjoys his job or not, but it seems like he’s working on
something else in the background…

—

Yosuke Hanamura

Age: 26

Relationship Status: Single 

Nobody was more surprised about Yosuke’s decision to go into teaching than him, but it is a
life that has suited him. After years of complaining about “living in the sticks,” Yosuke
returned to Tokyo to go to university. He found that after living in Inaba he had grown



accustomed to the small town life and longed to return to it. He switched his major from
business to teaching, vowing to make Yasogami High School better than when he went to it. 

After graduation, Yosuke returned and got a job. He’s been a popular and effective teacher in
his years at Yasogami High School. Students and faculty alike trust him, and he always works
to the benefit of the community. Yosuke is also found serving on several community groups
in Inaba, and there is rumor that he might run for a local election soon. 

—

Chie Satonaka: ???

Naoto Shirogane: ??? 

Rise Kujikawa: ???

Teddie: ??? 



Chapter 26: 4/12 - Morning
Chapter Summary

Nanako meets blondes.

He was staring at her.

Why was he staring at her? 

I mean…yes, she was sorta stare-worthy. Tall, blonde, obviously part foreigner. And…well…
alluring. Sexy. Larger than life in ways that Nanako couldn’t be. Even her…twin tails, were
bigger than Nanako’s. 

She stood there in the rain and watched as Ren stared.

And then all of a sudden she was gone. Whisked away in a car. He watched the car drive
away, his hand held up awkwardly, as if waving the ride off. He frowned, adjusted his
glasses.

Then saw her.

Nanako wanted to turn and run. Or maybe just dive headlong into the street and let traffic
handle the rest.

He leaned forward, as if not believing his eyes. Maybe if she stood still he’d just turn around
and forget she was there. 

But that wasn’t what she wanted! She was here for him! 

The awkwardness spurred her into action. 

“Hi,” she said, waving.

“Nanako Dojima…?” he said. Nanako walked up to him, holding the umbrella up a little
higher.

“Fancy seeing you here,” she said, trying to sound cool. Her voice wavered, though, ruining
the effect. 

“What are you doing here?” 

“Um. Going to school,” she stammered. 

“Yeah, I can see that but…are you going to Shujin? Did you…follow me?” 



Before she could answer, another blonde plowed through them. 

“Damn that pervy teacher!” he yelled, shaking his fist at the road. Nanako stumbled but was
suddenly steadied when Ren grabbed her wrist. 

“T-thanks,” Nanako said. Ren nodded, his eyes unreadable. He had put on his mask - that
dead stare he had at school, the one he used to keep attention off of him. It was painful for
him to look at her that way. 

“What are you looking at?” the other blonde said. He had an intentional delinquent vibe,
complete with non-regulation T-shirt and dyed hair. Nanako might have thought him
intimidating had she not grown up looking at pictures of Kanji with his blonde hair.

Kanji was also a lot more intimidating, even as a kid. 

“Hey, you’re the one who ran into us,” Nanako said. “Then yelling about perverts out in
public.” 

“Psh, come on, you gotta think the same thing about Kamodshida too, right?” said the vulgar
boy. 

“Who?” Ren asked. Nanako frowned.

“Kamoshida-sensei? The volleyball coach?” Nanako asked. Ren glanced at her, but said
nothing. 

“Yeah. Come on, you can’t go to Shujin and not know what Kamoshida’s like…then again,
I’ve never seen either of you before. But you’re both second years…” 

“We’re transfer students,” Nanako said. 

“Ah. Then yeah, that’s why you don’t know. Don’t worry, you will.” he said, anger and
disappointment filling his eyes. “Kamoshida acts like the king of the castle.” 

“Right…” Nanako said. That hadn’t been her experience with Kamoshida. He seemed like a
stern coach, but he had been kind to Nanako. 

“Come on,” the vulgar boy said with a sigh. “I’ll lead you to school. We’re gonna be late, but
I know a shortcut.” 

He started walking. Nanako glanced at Ren. 

Ren shrugged and started following.

“We’re just going to follow him?” Nanako asked.

“We aren’t doing anything,” Ren said. “I’m following. Follow if you want.” 

Nanako felt her heart drop. 



This was worse than she could have imagined. The absolute worst. Never had she regretted
something more than she did now. 

She followed a few steps behind, hoping that the boy’s shortcut would pay off. 

It wasn’t much longer of a walk. The boy took them through a few narrow alleys, then turned
back onto the main road.

“Whoah,” Nanako said.

She rubbed her eyes.

“This is…” Ren said. 

“This is where the school is…” said the vulgar boy. “What the hell is going on?” 

Nanako looked up and down at the massive castle in front of them. It was entirely out of
place in modern day Tokyo - in fact it seemed like there was a red aura around the whole
place, and it was cast in an artificial night. In fact, now that Nanako noticed it, the whole
world had turned to darkness. 

She examined the street signs. This was the right place, she’d been here twice before. And
everything around the school was correct - the vending machine, the crosswalk, all of it was
exactly where it should be.

So why was there a castle here?

Had she forgotten it was a castle? That didn’t seem likely. That would be a pretty big thing to
forget…

She realized that Ren and the boy were walking ahead, so she shuffled up to catch up. 

The grand foyer of the castle bore a massive portrait of Kamoshida with a crown on his head.
It was gaudy as hell, but still somehow finely painted. Nanako couldn’t believe her eyes, and
went to rub them.

When she did, her vision went blurry. The castle faded, and the school started to appear, just
for a second.

“What was that?” the boy asked. “Wasn’t that the school?” 

“Is this a prank?” Ren asked suddenly. The boy looked amused and irritated all at once.

“No this isn’t a prank, what kind of prank would this be?” 

“Then where are we?” Nanako asked.

“How the hell should I know?!” 



“Halt!” a voice called out. All three turned to watch as five huge suits of armor came trotting
out. They had the three of them surrounded immediately, large broadswords drawn and their
shields at the ready. 

“Hey come on, this is too far,” the boy said. “I mean those are really great costumes but- hey,
what the eff!” 

One of the knights grabbed the boy and shoved him. Before Nanako could react, she felt a
strong metal hand wrap around her wrist and yank her off-balance. Nanako cried out
instinctively, frozen from pain and shock. 

“Nanako!” Ren cried. He sprung forward, leaping into the air and slamming a kick in the
center of the knight’s body. It was enough to send him toppling to the ground and release
Nanako. Before he could do anything else, though, two more guards had him by the arms.
Another cuffed the vulgar boy in the back of the head and the remaining two grabbed
Nanako’s arms.

“Take them to the dungeon and then inform King Kamoshida right away!” 

Nanako struggled the whole way there. She used everything she knew - the self-defense
techniques from dad, the kung fu kick from Chie - even the “kick ‘em in the balls” method
that Rise had once told her about. Nothing worked. The knights barely even acknowledged
she was doing anything.

The stench of the dungeon hit her before anything else. It was cold and moldy from the
running water, but also filled with the stench of filth and sweat. One knight went ahead and
opened the heavy bars of the cell and shoved the boy and Ren into the cell. 

Nanako realized that Ren was unconscious now, along with the boy. They were splayed onto
the ground like ragdolls. 

The knight was about to push Nanako in when one of the others stopped him. 

“No, put the girl separate. You know how the King is.” 

“Yeah, true.” 

The knight dragged Nanako one cell over and opened it, shoving her inside.

“Keep quiet if you know what’s good for you,” the knight said. He the turned and marched
off. Nanako threw herself against the bars, scrambling to see if it was unlocked. Panic seized
her for a moment, and she screamed, reaching out through the bars.

Not again.

She couldn’t be kidnapped again.

This was like last time. The weird world. The demonic beings. All of it.

Wait, but those were dreams. Not real. This isn’t real, is it?



Is it a dream? 

She gripped the bars and screamed again. No one came.

—

Nanako wasn’t sure how long she sat in the cell before someone came to open it. Two knights
stepped in and tossed something at her feet.

“Put this on. King Kamoshida commands it.”

“Put what on?” Nanako asked. 

“That,” the knight said, motioning to the thing they had just tossed. Nanako was confused, so
she bent down an picked it up.

It was a black bikini.

Sort of.

Actually it looked more like lingerie, in Nanako’s opinion. There was no way that the
bottoms were going to cover her whole butt, and even her modest chest was going to have to
squeeze into the top. 

“That’s…pretty wrong, you know,” Nanako said. “He’s a teacher. He could get in a lot of
trouble for this. I don’t know what he’s doing down here, but if you don’t let me go, I’m
going to be filing a very detailed report. My father is a detective, and-” 

Nanako cried out when the metal fist smashed into her mouth.

“Shut up, bitch! Just put on the clothes!” 

Nanako stood up and spat on the ground.

“No.” 

The knight punched her again, this time in the stomach. The pain was unbearable and Nanako
doubled over and rolled onto the floor. The cold stone felt good on her cheek, especially as
her head was spinning.

Then the world was spinning. 

And then the world was gone. 



Chapter 27: 4/12 - ???
Chapter Summary

The path of Justice.

The spinning stopped.

“Hello again, Justice,” said a voice.

Nanako sat up. 

She was in a cell. No, wait, she wasn’t in a cell, she was outside a cell. And not the one in the
strange castle - that same cell in the darkness from her dream last night.

The woman knelt at the very edge of the cell, her delicate fingers wrapped around the square
bars. Her eyes seemed to glow in the dark. 

“Where am I?” 

“Difficult question. To be honest, I’m not exactly sure. I am glad to see you, though. Come a
little closer.” 

Nanako looked around. There really wasn’t anywhere else to go in the inky void. She
supposed that the pathway she stood on had to go somewhere if she walked in the opposite
direciton…but nothing made sense. The woman was at least a tangible thing she could
interact with. Much better than falling through an endless expanse of nothingneess. 

She went a little closer. 

“Ah…I see he’s kept up your bond. It’s very strong. Not as strong as it once was…but still
very strong,” the woman said.

“Who are you?” Nanako asked.

“My name is Margaret. I met your cousin, once upon a time…though I suppose you know
him as ‘big bro.’” 

“How do you know that?” Nanako demanded. She realized she was trying to pitch her voice a
little lower and spoke in the same inflections her dad did when he was questioning someone. 

“I read it, just now. Your bond is bright and powerful and I can read it as easily as a book. But
that’s not important now. What’s important is what is going to happen next,” Margaret said.



“What do you mean? I need to get out of here.” 

“Yes, and you’ll leave soon enough. But right now, I need you to realize that you are doing
the wrong thing.” 

“What does that mean?” Nanako asked.

“The path you are walking on was never meant for you,” Margaret said. “Your fate lies
elsewhere, far away from all of this. So you must make a choice, Justice.” 

“My name is Nanako,” she said. 

“A beautiful name. Now, the choice.” 

Margaret held out her left hand through the bars. There was a sudden blue flame that
appeared and then floating in her hand was a stylized card of a scale. 

“The path of Justice, your true path. Take this, and you will be returned home. You will be
living your first day of Yasogami High School as a second year, and the memories of the last
month will be washed away, replaced by happy memories of a fun summer.”

“You can…do that?” Nanako asked.

“Yes. I am not as powerful as my master, and down here I am even weaker…but I have some
strength in me still. Enough for one boon to you, because of the fond memories I have of
your big bro,” Maragret said. 

“I just take that card and everything I did gets undone?” Nanako asked.

“Yes. You must feel it yourself, do you not? You were never meant to follow that boy. Every
instinct you have is that you should have let him go, and that is your instinct trying to get you
on the correct path of fate. There is no bright future along that path, Nanako-chan, only
confusion and fear,” Margaret said. 

“What will happen to Ren?” Nanako asked.

“You cannot know. His fate and yours are separate. They have become entwined through
your actions, and only by your actions can they be undone.” 

“So…I could stay?” Nanako asked. 

“Why would you do that?” 

“I…don’t know,” Nanako admitted. “I don’t know. I don’t want him to be alone. I just need
to know he’ll have one friend, one good person in his life that will see him for who he is.” 

“And I can’t tell you that,” Margaret said. 

“So what, I’m supposed to just trust things will work out? I can’t do that. I would rather risk
my life to help him than go home.” 



“Choosing that would make you a fool,” Margaret said as she pushed her right hand through
the bars. A new card appeared in her hand, one with the shape of a man with a sack dancing
near a cliff with his dog. 

“So that’s it? I choose to go home and be safe, or go back and be horribly murdered by
knights?” 

“I’m sorry, but there is nothing else I can do. As it is, my master would probably be upset if
he knew what I was doing…but then again, this game is already rigged. If they can cheat,
than so can we,” she said.

“I don’t understand,” Nanako said.

“You are not meant to. You can only make the choice with the knowledge you have. But..if I
were you, I would choose Justice. Very few of of us are given such a clear choice to
happiness and peace, Nanako. Don’t let it slip by.” 

“I can’t,” Nanako said. “I know what you said, that I wouldn’t remember any of this…but I
feel like I would. I feel like there’s already something that happened in the past that has been
kept from me for my happiness. But I still dream about it. And if I let Ren face this danger
alone, I feel like I would dream about it for the rest of my life.” 

She reached out for the Fool. 

The moment her fingers touched the card, Margaret’s hand snapped around Nanako’s wrist.
She pulled Nanako forward, gripping onto her arm with both hands. Before Nanako could ask
what was going on she felt a sudden rush of pain flowing through her arm. The pain ran from
the center of her chest and pulled through her arm, as if Margaret were pulling something out
of Nanako. 

“I only have enough power for one. You’ll have to find the rest on your own. Find the
Compendium. Yu should have it.” 

“W-what are you talking about?” Nanako stammered, her lips quivering from the pain. 

“There’s no time left. Find the Compendium. Build up your bonds, for your bonds will grant
you more power. We will meet again, Nanako! Good luck!” 

Margaret released Nanako, and suddenly Nanako felt like she was rising up ward, falling
towards the sky. 

=====

SOCIAL LINK RANK UP 

The Fool: Margaret 

Level 1 









Chapter 28: 4/12 - Morning
Chapter Summary

Persona.

Nanako’s eyes cleared. The pain in her stomach was back, throbbing. The knights were still
huddled over her. 

“Hurry up, King Kamoshida doesn’t want to be kept waiting,” the knight grumbled.

“Let’s just strip her, it’ll be faster,” the second knight said.

Nanako heard something - a cry of pain or confusion, followed by…wind? An explosion?
She couldn’t tell, but there was a lot of noise coming from the direction of the cell Ren and
the boy had been shoved into. 

“What was that?” one knight asked.

“I don’t know. Let’s kill this one and go help.” 

A knight reached down and scooped Nanako up by the neck. She gasped and grabbed at his
wrist, but his armored arm was too thick and powerful for her to do anything about it. The
knight pinned her against the wall then held up his sword. 

He was going to kill her.

No. This couldn’t be. This couldn’t be the ending she chose. Why all that about the cards if
she was going to just come back here and die? 

Is that what Margaret meant by being a fool? 

The pain in her arm. What was that about? 

She looked down at her arm and felt an odd burning sensation in her palm. 

Nanako’s eyes widened. Blue flame floated in her palm, and the card was back - the card with
the strange dancing fool and his little dog. It rotated in mid-air, beckoning her.

“Per…” she whispered.

The knight took aim with the tip of his sword.

“So…” 



“Kill her already, hurry up!” the other knight said.

“Na!” 

Nanako squeezed the card. 

The world exploded in blue flame. The knight immediately let her go as the force of the
mystical blue fire enveloped her from head to toe and filled half of the cell. She could feel
something looming behind her, a tall presence that wasn’t there a moment ago. It stepped
forward out of the flame.

It was the razor blade man - the warrior with the mask and long coat and the naginata. The
spirit that big bro had called for in her dream. 

Izanagi. 

She didn’t know how, but she understood it fully. She understood its abilities, its strength,
everything it could do flowed into her mind as if it were a common fact - something she had
known her entire life. 

“W-what the hell is that?!” the knight called out as the blue fire died down. 

“Get it!” the second knight yelled, rushing forward. 

“Strike it down!” Nanako ordered, holding her hand in front of her. She realized even as she
spoke that the words weren’t necessary - Izanagi was connected to her mind. She need only
think about what had to be done, and it would happen. Izanagi rushed ahead of her and made
two rapid strokes with his weapon: the first to knock the knight’s sword aside, the second to
separate his head from his neck. 

The knight melted into black goo. 

“Damnit!” the second knight called out, reaching up to its mask. It pulled it off, and the shell
of the knight melted away, revealing instead a floating jack o’ lantern wearing a witches hat
and holding a lantern.  

Nanako frowned. What a weird thing to happen. The knight seemed scarier than this
halloween decoration.

The Jack o Lantern held up his lantern and a blast of fire erupted from it. Izanagi swooped
forward to absorb the blast. Nanako felt pain - not exactly the burning pain of fire, but a
mental pain that shook her concentration. It was difficult to explain, but she quickly surmised
that Izanagi could take a lot more damage than her physical body could, but it wasn’t
invincible. 

A word danced at the back of her mind. It prickled at her tongue, until its meaning took shape
in her mind. It was a strange word, one that she had never heard before. 

“Izanagi, zio!” 



The black-coated warrior lit up with the jagged arcs of electricity. With a flourish of his arm,
Izanagi released a blast of lightning directly at the Jack o Lantern’s face. The blast exploded,
and the being melted into a puddle of goop which in turn dissolved into the ground. 

Nanako took a moment to catch her breath. 

A million questions formed at once. Izanagi was real. Did that mean her dream was real? Or
was Izanagi a result of her dream - the shape that the power Margaret gave her took because
it was buried in her subconscious? Did big bro once use Izanagi? Had he been to this castle
before? Where were they, exactly? 

She shook her head. She could think about this later. Right now, she had to get out of here.
Maybe Izanagi could bend the bars and-

She looked around. Izanagi was gone! 

“No no no no, come back!” Nanako cried out. She then felt heat around her right hand again.
She held it out and saw the card again, floating in a gentle rotation above her palm. 

Hm. Strange. It seemed that when she let her concentration falter that Izanagi vanished. Or
transformed back into the card. Either way, it seemed she could call him back. 

“Izanagi!” she called, crushing the card. The card burst into blue fire and light, and her
protector appeared above her again. She thought about the bars, and Izanagi rushed forward
in response. He pulled at the bars until the whole door came exploded inward. He tossed the
cell door to the side, then vanished. 

Nanako ran forward.

Then skid to a stop. Someone was rushing by, running in a panic, and it nearly knocked her
over. There was the flourish of a cape and a golden shine of a…crown? 

Was that Kamoshida-sensei? 

…Where were his pants?

“Nanako!” 

She turned around. Ren stood at the entrance to his cell.

“W-what are you wearing?” Nanako asked. 

Ren was dressed in a….well, the best way to put it would be “costume.” He had new black
pants, a metallic-accented waistcoat, a long black coat with tails, red gloves and a white
mask. His posture was different, too - like he was back in Inaba when they were back in the
school. Poised, graceful, ready to move. 

It was a little ridiculous. And also a little hot, if Nanako were being honest.



“I don’t know,” he said. “I don’t know what’s happening, but we need to get out of here. Are
you all right?” 

“Yes. Where’s the other guy? The vulgar boy?” 

“Vulgar boy?” a second voice called. “The hell kind of name is that? I’m Sakamoto Ryuji.” 

“Dojima Nanako,” she replied. She noticed that Ren was staring over at her cell door.

“How’d you get out?” he asked. 

“Uh. Well, it’s hard to explain.” 

“Then explain it later, let’s get outta here!” Sakamoto said. Ren nodded in agreement and
started down the dungeon. It looked like they were in the depths of the castle. 

The three of them stopped dead in their tracks when they heard a scream of pain. 

“Did you hear that?” Sakamoto asked. 

“Let’s check it out,” Ren said.

They ran. 



Chapter 29: 4/12 - Morning - Castle of Lust
Chapter Summary

Morgana.

Ren led the way. As he ran, blue fire swirled around his body, and his clothes transformed
back to his school uniform. 

“H-hey! Your clothes!” Nanako called out. Ren skid to a stop and looked down at himself. 

“What’s going on?” Sakamoto asked. 

“I don’t know. But there’s no time. We should get out of here,” Ren said. They pressed on. 

They pushed open one heavy door after another, getting more and more lost in the
labyrinthine castle. Nanako started to map it all out in her head, and she started to see the
patterns in it. 

“We need to head up,” Nanako said. “I think the way out is over there.” 

She pointed across rushing water in the center of the dungeon. There was a drawbridge, but it
was folded upward. 

“How do we get it down?” Sakamoto asked.

“I dunno. But we gotta try.” 

“Hey, you!” called out a small voice. They all turned.

“Over here! Let me out!” 

It was a cat. Sort of. It reminded Nanako more of a pirate mascot that belonged in a kid’s
cartoon - that sort of innocent villain that couldn’t really hurt you, but was just menacing
enough for a child to believe that it was the “bad guy.” 

“You guys aren’t soldiers of this castle, right? You have to let me out.” 

“No way you freaky monster cat. You’re obviously an enemy!” Sakamoto said. 

The cat glared.

“I am not a cat! And if I were an enemy, would they lock me up in here?” 

“Where’s your zipper?” Nanako asked. 



The cat pirate looked up at her, confused.

“What?” 

“Your zipper,” she repeated. “You’re awful short, maybe you’re a kid? But it’s a great
costume. I have a friend who has a great costume like that, but his zipper is very visible. If
you take off your costume, then it’ll prove that you’re a person.” 

“W-ha…b-but…” the cat pirate stammered. “This is not a costume! I have been transformed
against my will! I am a human!” 

Ren stepped forward, withdrawing his hands from his pockets. Nanako saw the glint from his
lockpicks in his hand, and he started working on the cell. 

“For real?! You’re gonna let him out?” Sakamoto said. 

“You can help us out of here, right?” Ren asked the cat pirate. 

“Ah, a negotiator. Yes, that’s a fair trade. But you amateurs are going to have to listen closely
to everything I say. One mistake could mean death.” 

There was a loud metallic clunk, then screech of hinges as the cell door swung open.

“Ah, the sweet taste of freedom! My name’s Morgana, by the way. Follow me.” 

Morgana took the lead and went to a macabre statue of Kamoshida, pulling at the hidden
lever that would deploy the drawbridge. Nanako watched Morgana, staring intently at his
back.

Seriously, there had to be a zipper somewhere. He looked too much like Teddie for there to be
any other explanation. 

Nanako fell forward onto her knees, gripping at her head. Her vision blurred, replaced by the
dream. Except she was awake. 

“Nana-chan! We’ll save you!”  dream Teddie called. “Bear-sona!”

“Yo, Dojima!” Sakamoto called. 

“Nanako, are you all right?” Ren said, his hand on her shoulder. Nanako blinked, and the
memory was gone. 

“Y-yes, sorry.” 

“You there!” called out a knight. They all turned to see two of them approaching from the
drawbridge. There was a swirl of blue flame, and Ren was again transformed. 

“Oh crap! Oh crap oh crap oh crap oh crap!” Sakamoto yelled in a panic, falling on his butt
and scrambling backward. 



“You there,” Morgana said, pointing at Ren. “You can fight, right? Follow my lead.” 

Out of nowhere, Morgana produced a cutlass. Somehow, this didn’t surprise Nanako. 

The knights pulled their masks off, producing two more jack o lanterns. Nanako held out her
hand and summoned the card. Whatever Ren and Morgana though they were going to do, it
was too dangerous for them to fight them without -

“Persona!” Morgana called. Rising out of more blue fire and light came a burly masked
figure wielding a rapier. “Come, Zorro!” 

Zorro spun his rapier tip in a tight circle, creating a tornado made of green energy. He thrust
his rapier at the first jack. The wind crashed into it, spinning it out of control and slamming it
into the ground. The jack o lantern dissolved. 

“Arsene!” Ren called out. He reached to his face and pulled the mask off his face. The mask
vanished, then he was coated in more blue fire. Ghostly chains also rose from the ground at
Ren’s feet, tied to the Persona behind him. 

It was terrifying.

The armor of the Persona was blood red and stylized from Victorian England, complete with
a waistcoat that matched Ren’s and a laced cravat. It had a top hat, a void of a face, fiery
scars that outlined his mouth and eyes, and black angel wings. 

Or maybe they were demons wings. 

Ren held his hand by his face, one eye peeking between his fingers, his maniacal smile just
underneath his palm. 

“Eiha!” he called out. 

Black-streaked red energy lashed out from Arsene and penetrated into the jack o lantern.
Something inside the jack o lantern died, and it shriveled and dissolved. 

“Oh my God, what the eff! For real!?” Sakamoto cried. Nanako spun around and watched as
a third knight transformed into a floating devil-like creature with a…protrusion…a modified
codpiece…a sharpened phallus…

There was a thing on his ding-a-ling.

“Gross!” Nanako yelled. She rushed over towards Sakamoto, summoning the card in her
palm and squeezing it shut. 

“Izanagi! Cut it down!” 

Izanagi burst between Sakamoto and the attacking devil. It made one decisive horizontal
slash, which opened up an inky wound in the devil. It died. 



“Huh, you have a Persona too?” Morgana said. Nanako scanned the area, but didn’t see any
more attacking knights. Izanagi faded away, as did Zorro and Arsene. Fire swirled around
Ren again, and he was once again in his school uniform. 

“Persona?” Sakamoto asked. “Is that those weird ghosts that come out of you?” 

“Obviously,” Morgana said. “They’re the only way to fight Shadows.” 

The word rung familiar in Nanako’s head, though she didn’t know why. The dizziness of a
memory threatened to take her again, so she shoved the thought aside and tried to focus on
the now.

“The knights are shadows, right?” Nanako asked. Morgana grinned.

“Well, it looks like not all of you are useless. Yes, the knights are shadows. They live here in
the palace and are part of this guy’s subconscious. There’s no time to explain, just know that
they’re gonna try and kill us, so try to not make a lot of noise.” 

“Can’t we just fight our way out?” Ren asked. 

“You don’t have your power under control,” Morgana said. “Your clothes shouldn’t be
changing back. And your clothes didn’t even change at all!” 

“Are they supposed to?” Nanako asked.

“Obviously! But we don’t have time for this. Come on, let’s go.” 

Morgana led the way again. Nanako did her best to try and memorize the route they were
taking, just in case. It was also a very helpful way for her to keep her mind off of the
memories threatening to intrude in on her. 

Because…that’s what they were, right? Memories. Not a dream. Not figments of her
imagination. Memories. 

But memories of what?

What happened to her? 

“Whoah, wait up!” Sakamoto said, skidding to a stop. They stopped beside a cell, where
another teenager wearing the Shujin PE uniform was huddled in a ball. 

“Come on, leave it,” Morgana said.

“No way, we can’t leave him here!” Sakamoto cried. Ren was at the lock in a flash. 

“He’s not real! We don’t have time for this, if we stay here any longer we’re gonna be-”

“Over there!” A knight called out before he transformed into a horse with a pair of twisted
horns. 



“Persona!” Nanako yelled. “Electrify him, Izanagi!” 

Lightning clawed its way down the hallway. It swarmed the beast and destroyed it. 

“See what I mean?” Morgana snapped. “That person isn’t real, it’s a cognition. If we stay
longer, the Shadows are going to swarm us and we’ll never get out of here.” 

Nanako held her head as Izanagi vanished. She was starting to feel dizzy, as if her spirit was
running out of energy. 

“Ren…he’s right. We need to go. I can’t fight much more,” Nanako said. 

“But…” Sakamoto said. Ren stopped the lockpick. 

“If the cat’s right, then nobody is in danger. If he’s wrong, we’ll come back and get him,
when we’re ready,” Ren said.

“I am not a cat.” 

Sakamoto grit his teeth. 

“Fine.” 

They had to battle five more shadows before they got to the end. They climbed through a
vent, out through the outer wall, and were back in front of the castle. Nanako was exhausted
from summoning Izanagi so many times. Ren was trying to hide it, but he seemed worn out
from using Arsene, too. 

“This is where we go our separate ways,” Morgana said. “I still have something I need to do
here.” 

“Suit yourself,” Sakamoto said. Nanako knelt beside Morgana.

“Thanks for your help, Morgana. We couldn’t have done it without you.” 

Morgana looked pleased with himself. “Well. It’s up to a veteran to take care of the rookies.
Maybe we’ll cross paths again.” 

With that, Morgana jumped back up the window and into the castle.

And then the world began to bend. 



Chapter 30: 4/12 - Morning
Chapter Summary

Nanako returns to reality.

“Welcome back to reality,” said a computerized voice from Ren’s phone. 

Nanako gasped. The air was still heavy and humid from the rain, but it still felt a million
pounds lighter than the oppressive atmosphere they had just left. She bent over, gripping her
knees, trying to find her center again. 

“What the hell was that…” Sakamoto muttered. “What was that place? And where did it
go?” 

“I don’t know…but I can’t…” Ren said, holding his hand to his face. Nanako realized he was
trying to reach for the mask that had been appearing in that world. Still bent over, she turned
her palm over and tried to summon the card. 

Nothing happened. And yet, she wasn’t surprised by that. 

“Hey, you kids!” called out a woman’s voice. 

“Ah crap, the cops,” Sakamoto said. 

“You’re Shujin students, aren’t you? Why aren’t you in school?” the police woman yelled
some more.

Oh. Crap.

Nanako leaned over and grabbed Ren’s hand.

“We have to go! Now! We can’t get caught!” Nanako hissed.

Ren looked confused, then hesitated. Then his face flashed to that same cunning thief that
she’d seen back in Inaba. The same look he had in the palace. 

“Oh my God!” Ren said with a bit too much melodrama. “Look at that!” 

“Look at what?” the police woman said, spinning around. Now was the time. Nanako
grabbed Ren and Sakamoto’s hands and started running forward. Sakamoto yelped, but
picked up the plan quick. Soon she released them, and they charged down the street.

“Hey! You better be running to school! And you better not be doing any drugs or anything!” 



Eventually, they stopped running. 

Sakamoto took the lead to school, but the three of them were on edge. Nanako knew they
were all thinking the same thing - were they going to walk right back into that castle? 

Apparently not. 

The school stood there, as it always had.

“This is hurting my head,” Sakamoto said. “There was a castle here, right? And we took the
exact same route here.” 

“Maybe we should focus on getting into school,” Nanako said. “We’re really late.” 

“Ah, yeah, true.” Sakamoto started forward. Nanako was just about to follow too when Ren’s
hand closed around her wrist.

“Hold on,” he said. “You never answered my question.” 

“What question?” 

“Did you follow me here?” 

After everything that happened, Nanako found the question pretty absurd. A magic castle,
summoning spirits, repressed memories fighting to take over her headspace, a talking cat…
after all that, the idea of being embarrassed about what she did was trivial. 

“Yes. I did.” 

“Why?” he asked.

“Because of what you said,” Nanako said. “That I saw you for who you were, and that you
were going to be alone. I didn’t like that, so I decided to do something about it. So I moved
here. I should’ve told you, I know, I’m sorry.” 

“That was stupid,” he said. Nanako flinched at the words, feeling pain strike her in the chest. 

“It wasn’t,” she insisted.

“It was. You left a great life behind in Inaba. You should go back to it.” 

“It wasn’t that great,” she said. 

“It’s better than what’s waiting for you here,” he said, frustrated. “I can’t control what you
do. So if you want to stay at Shujin, stay. But stay away from me. They already know about
the probation. I’m going to be an outcast the minute I walk through those doors. Do yourself
a favor and keep as far away from me as possible. I promise I won’t let people know that we
come from the same town.” 

“This isn’t why I did this,” Nanako said. “I came here to be your friend.” 



“And I appreciate that, more than you’ll ever know. Stay away.” 

He turned with a flourish and followed Sakamoto towards the stairs. 

=====

SOCIAL LINK RANK UP 

The Lovers: Ren Amamiya  

Level 1 



Chapter 31: 4/12 - Morning - Shibuya
Chapter Summary

Chase.

It’d been an hour since those kids ran off, but the police woman was still annoyed.

How could she have fallen for such an obvious trick? Look over there. How much more
pathetic could she get? 

There was a screech of tires and a crash. At he entrance to the Central Street shopping, a man
had skid his moped to a stop and abandoned it. The pursuing police car couldn’t slow down
fast enough and crashed into the metal barriers. Glass shattered and the front right wheel bent
horribly out of shape. 

The police woman ran across the street and past the squad car.

“Hey! Freeze!” she called out after the man on the moped. The man, who had stopped to
watch the police car crash, widened his eyes, turn and ran.

She grabbed her radio.

“This is Satonaka, I’m in pursuit over at Central Street! Suspect is on foot wearing a brown
jacket and carrying a black backpack!” 

Chie let go of the radio microphone attached to her vest and focused on running. Dispatch
was squawking something back at her, but she couldn’t hear it. It wouldn’t matter, back up
would get here too late. 

“Stop! Police!” she called again. The suspect wasn’t going to stop, she knew that, but at least
it warned people that they were coming through. The crowd was startled, but started to clear
a path for her. The suspect darted in and out, frantically looking over his shoulder. He shoved
one man towards Chie. She could have side-stepped him, but the man was losing his balance,
so she leaned forward and caught him.

Once she righted his balance, she looked up. The suspect darted down an alleyway. She ran
after him, turning left, and was confronted immediately with a sharp right turn. She took that
turn, running past a model gun shop. 

The suspect grabbed a bunch of bikes parked nearby and threw them towards the ground,
hoping to slow Chie down before he took off to the right. Chie just ran faster and cleared the
bikes in a single leap. 



The suspect had turned right and was now running down the street back in the same way they
had just come. By this time, most people had moved to the side of the street, talking about
what had just happened in an excited chatter. When the suspect started running through again,
dozens of phones came out of pockets to start filming. 

Chie blocked it all out. No distractions. Just catch the bad guy. 

The man ran across the street heading for the station square just as a group of pedestrians
were rushing around the crashed squad car to help the officers inside. Chie picked up more
speed.

She jumped.

She landed on top of the squad car.

She jumped again, clearing the crowd of pedestrians beneath her.

She landed and kept up her relentless pursuit, gaining on the suspect. He began to run faster,
but more erratically, panic growing in his body. This is where she had to be careful - a
desperate criminal could do anything. The last thing she wanted was for him to grab a
hostage in the station.

She had to finish this, now. 

The suspect ran into the station and aimed himself for the stairs for the underground station.
He practically fell down the stairs, taking them four at a time and needing to grab the railing
near the bottom. 

Chie pulled her handcuffs off her belt and clasped one loop over her left wrist. 

She could probably get down the stairs just as quickly as the suspect had, but that would give
him too much time to take a hostage or get on a train. So instead, she looked at the escalator. 

Or more accurately, the panel between the escalator, made of stainless steel paneling and
sloped like a children’s playground slide. 

She vaulted over the railing and landed on her butt, sliding down. As she reached the end, she
pushed up onto her feet and used the momentum from the slide to propel hersel forward. She
tackled headlong towards the suspect, crashing her shoulders into his knees. 

He fell forward, hard. 

Before he could do anything else, Chie clasped the other end of the handcuffs around his
ankle. 

“Yes!” Chie cried, pumping her other hand into the air victoriously. Everyone in the station
turned to look at her. Realizing that doing a victory fist pump wasn’t the most professional
thing, she sheepishly lowered it and reached over for her radio.

“This is Officer Satonaka, suspect secured, send back up to the lower station stairwell.”  






Chapter 32: 4/12 - Lunchtime
Chapter Summary

Kamoshida talks to Nanako.

Chapter Notes

Hey everyone, THANKS SO MUCH for all your comments. I read them all and they
seriously give me life. I love all your theories and reactions and I promise I'll start
responding to them soon, I've just been really busy. Thank you all for reading!

The rest of Nanako’s morning had been a blur. 

She had been scolded for being so late on the first day, though thankfully her new homeroom
teacher, Kawakami-sensei, made up the excuse that she and Ren hadn’t been feeling well on
the first day and conveyed that to the class. Apparently she was more interested in avoiding
trouble than shaming them in front of the class. She had been relived.

At first.

But the moment Ren was introduced, everything changed. 

“Is he the guy?” 

“He doesn’t look like a criminal.” 

“I don’t know, look at those eyes.” 

“Do you think that girl is his girlfriend?” 

“Maybe they’re both criminals together.” 

“I heard that he beat a guy up so badly he almost died.” 

“No way. I heard that if he doesn’t like the food of a restaurant, he leaves without paying.” 

“Quiet down everyone,” Kawakami snapped. The class obeyed and Ren and Nanako went to
take their seats in the back corner. Ren sat behind the gorgeous blonde from this morning,
and Nanako sat behind him. 



How did they know? 

Ren’s criminal record should have been sealed and confidential. Sure, maybe Kawakami-
sensei would be told about it, but shouldn’t have been made public knowledge. 

Unless someone leaked it, intentionally.

But who would do that? And why? 

The question weighed on Nanako the rest of that morning, all the way until lunch time. She
thought she might strike up a conversation or two with the other class members and see if she
can find some information, but Kamoshida-sensei slid the door open. 

“Dojima-san, can I talk to you for a moment?” he called out. Nanako was surprised, but
complied, rising up to meet him at the door. 

She ignored the whispers that followed her. 

They went to the PE office, where she was offered a seat. Kamoshida leaned against his
desk. 

“I’m concerned about you, Nanako-chan,” he said. “You were very late today.” 

“I’m sorry, sensei. I got lost. It was my first time coming by myself, so…” 

“I understand. Mistakes happen, but don’t worry, I’ve already cleared it up with Kawakami-
sensei and the principal. Nobody is calling your home.” 

“Oh. Thank you,” Nanako said. She hadn’t even considered that they’d call Yu over this, but
she supposed it made sense. She wondered how he would’ve reacted if they had. 

“The thing I’m most concerned about are the two boys you came to school with,” Kamoshida
said. “I know you’re new, but Sakamoto is not the kind of boy you want to be around, trust
me. Did you know that he tried to assault me last year?” 

“Really?” Nanako said. 

“Yes. He has a terrible temper, probably brought about by his bad upbringing. His family is
not the good sort, Nanako-chan.” 

Kamoshida pulled up a chair and sat down close to Nanako. Maybe a little too close.

Then he leaned forward and set a hand on her knee.

Now he was definitely too close.

“And that other kid, Amamiya. I shouldn’t be telling you this, I could get in a lot of trouble,
but I care too much about you as a person to not warn you. He has a criminal record for
assault,” he said. 



It took all of Nanako’s willpower to keep her face unreadable. She looked down, feigning
being frightened, but really she couldn’t bear to look at him in the face.

It was him. He was the one spreading the information about Ren. She didn’t hae the proof,
but she knew it in her gut. 

“Hey, don’t be frightened,” he said. He took his hand off her knee and used it to touch her
chin, raising her head up to meet his gaze. “We’re going to keep an eye on them, okay? But
you best stay away from them outside of school.” 

Kamoshida pulled his hand away from her face and went to adjust his hair. When he did, the
whole world shifted.

Suddenly, they were in a throne room, covered in rich red velvets and shining gold. 

And Kamoshida was back. The one she saw in the strange castle, the one wearing the crown
and cloak and…well, not much else. A pink speedo. 

He spoke, but with a strange echoing voice. His eyes were now yellow and glowed from
some inner light.

“And when I get rid of them, I’ll add you to my harem.” 

“What?” Nanako said.

 The world reverted back to reality, and Kamoshida frowned, confused. 

“I didn’t say anything.” 

“Oh…sorry. I’m very tired. Thank you for the warning, Kamoshida-sensei. I promise I’ll be
careful.” 

“Good. I hope you’ve reconsidered joining the volleyball team. Having a group of friends to
support you will keep you away bad elements like Sakamoto and Amamiya.” 

“I’m still thinking about it,” Nanako said, standing up. “Thanks again, sensei.” 

“Have a good rest of your day, Nanako-chan.” 

She turned and walked towards the door. As she swung it open, she could catch Kamoshida’s
reflection in the window.

He was licking his lips. 



Chapter 33: 4/12 - After School
Chapter Summary

Nanako goes to the roof.

“Hey,” Sakamoto said. 

Nanako jumped, startled. He grinned. 

“Sorry, didn’t mean to scare ya,” he said. “But uh…meet me on the roof, okay? We gotta talk
about some stuff.” 

Nanako glanced over to Ren. He had been intercepted by their teacher on his way out of the
classroom, and Nanako was waiting to spring her own trap on him. Yes, sure, she wanted to
talk to Sakamoto about what they’d seen, but she really needed to talk to Ren, too. 

“Don’t worry about that guy, I’ll grab him too,” he said. Nanako nodded.

“Okay. See you up there.” 

She found the stairs and headed up. This time there were whispers and glances her way, but at
least it was free from the ridiculous stage-whispering they had to endure earlier that day. 

The door squeaked when she pushed it open. The clean sunlight and fresh air felt good after
being inside all afternoon. Of course, it was Tokyo clean, which was just a few shades dirtier
than the light and air in Inaba. 

She took a deep breath. It didn’t smell the same here. It wasn’t a bad smell, but it wasn’t the
smell of home.

She longed for it, all of a sudden. 

Nanako decided to be thorough and check the perimeter of the rooftop space. Unlike the
rooftop at Yasogami, Shujin’s rooftop seemed to be relegated to being a junk storage area.
There were tables and chairs and what looked to be leftover decorations from one of the
school festival tucked in the side. 

Also there was a raised flower bed…? 

Nanako knelt beside it. Strange, this didn’t seem to be randomly discarded. In fact, it looked
pretty new. She scanned through the little markers stuck into the soil. They said “Moonlight
Carrot” and “Star Dragon Onion.” 



Huh. She’d never heard of those before, but Nanako was hardly an expert. Still, they had a
tiny little garden back home. Actually, she and Yu had started it just as he had moved in.
Nanako had kept it up over the years to provide some fresh produce for home. It was also a
good stress reducer. 

Nanako then noticed that there was a second flower bed. Beside it were several seedlings,
waiting to be transferred. But the seedlings looked like they’d been out for a couple of days,
and were starting to wilt. 

Hm. That wouldn’t do. She looked around until she located a spade, then set to work on the
transfer. 

By the time she heard the door squeak open, she was finished. 

“Nanako,” Ren called. His face shifts through a bunch of emotions: irritated, worried,
confused, amused. “Are you…gardening?” 

“Ah, well, someone just didn’t finish, I thought I’d help out,” Nanako said. She dusted off her
arms and set the spade back where she found it. Sakamoto came through a moment later. 

“Good, you’re both here…we have some shit to figure out,” Sakomoto said. He pulled out
one of the discarded chairs and set it by a desk. Nanako did the same, but Ren preferred to
stand and lean and be generally aloof. 

“So, you got a criminal record, eh?” Sakamoto began.

“How did you find out?” Nanako demanded. Sakamoto raised his hands in surrender.

“Everyone’s talking about it. But I can tell you who leaked it for sure - Kamoshida.” 

“What makes you say that?” Ren asked.

“We’re in the same boat, you and I,” he said. “Though I don’t know what he has against you.
You meet him somewhere before or something?” 

“Not until today,” Ren said. 

“He looked so freaky in that castle,” Sakamoto said. 

“Freaky…how?” Nanako asked. 

“Oh, right, you weren’t there. I guess we better fill you in.” 

Nanako listened to Sakamoto tell the story. Ren added a few details, but was mostly silent.
Nanako told her side of the story too - well, most of it. She kept the exact nature of how she
gained Izanagi to herself, as well as what happened with Margaret.

She wasn’t sure why she did it. It was an instinct. 



“This is crazy,” Sakamoto said. “I mean, we all remember it…but was it real? Did we have
some sort of…I dunno, shared hallucination? Maybe we breathed some fumes or
something.” 

“No. It’s real,” Nanako said with a strange finality. It caught both Ren and Sakamoto off
guard. “I’ve…been somewhere like it before. I think.” 

“What is it?” Ren asked. 

“I don’t know. I was a kid when it happened. But I keep having these flashbacks…I thought
they were just dreams, but maybe they’re actually memories that I’ve forgotten.” 

“That’s what happened to you in the castle,” Ren said. 

“Yes. I’m sorry, we almost got killed because of it.” 

“It’s fine, we handled it,” Ren said. Sakamoto nodded. 

“You guys don’t know this, but there are rumors about Kamoshida and what he does to the
volleyball team. Abuse. Sexual stuff with the girls. And he gets away with all of it because
he’s a former Olympian who takes the school team to nationals every year.” 

Sakamoto’s voice grew more and more bitter. 

“You have a history?” Ren said. 

“Yeah, you could say that,” he said. Nanako thought back to what Kamoshida said. And did.
And how he behaved. 

“He’s trying to get me to join the volleyball team,” Nanako said. “And…now that you
mention it, he’s been a little aggressive about it. Maybe not directly, but he definitely wants
me to join, and I’m not very good. Also the other volleyball players are really mean. I could
see that maybe there was some abuse going on…maybe…but…” 

“But not enough for people to believe it,” Sakamoto said.

“Right. And not enough for police evidence,” Nanako added. Sakamoto glanced at Ren,
confused.

“Her dad’s a cop,” Ren said. 

“Ah. So you two do know each other.” 

“We’re from the same town,” Nanako said. “Just…happened to move at the same time.” 

“I want to figure out what that place is,” Sakamoto said. “You guys are in, right?” 

“I am,” Nanako said. 

“Have fun,” Ren said.



“Oh come on, you can’t be like that,” Sakamoto said. “You’re curious too, I know it. Besides,
you’re the one that transformed and summoned the demon. I probably can’t do it without
you.” 

Ren shrugged and adjusted his glasses. 

“That’s his way of agreeing,” Nanako said. 

“All right! We’ll start figuring this out tomorrow. Don’t ignore me, okay? And by the way,
you can call me Ryuji.” 

Ryuji hopped out of his seat and walked back to the door and the stairs. Nanako got up too,
and she and Ren walked to the front gate together. 

“You’ve really been there before?” Ren asked in a low voice.

“Not that castle. But something like it. I’ll try and remember more.” 

“…Do you know an Igor?” Ren asked. Nanako frowned.

“No. Is that someone from Inaba?” 

Ren shook his head and waved it off. “Nevermind.” 



Chapter 34: 4/12 - Evening - Police Station
Chapter Summary

Chie talks to her boss.

“What the hell am I going to do with you, Satonaka?” 

“Huh?” Chie said. 

She stood in front of the chief’s desk at attention, having been called in at the end of her shift.
She had spent part of the afternoon processing her suspect, filling out the reports, then
finishing her foot patrol in the Shibuya area. When she had gotten the message to see the
chief, she thought it was going to be a congratulations.

The chief is a grumbly man in his 40s with hair that’s too black from his hair dye and glasses
that he’s constantly putting on and taking off his face. 

“I’m not sure I understand what you mean, sir,” Chie pushed forward.

“You ignored officers that needed help, you engaged in a foot pursuit without back up, you
ignored dispatch’s instructions, then you performed a highly risky take down maneuver using
non-approved techniques,” The chief said, setting his glasses on the desk and rubbing his
face. “The guy lost a tooth, Satonaka. He’s talking about suing.” 

“With all due respect, sir, he was getting away,” Chie said.

“He stole three boxes of Neo Featherman cards, Satonaka. He didn’t rob a bank.” 

“But the other officers-”

“The other officers are in trouble too. Smashing a squad card over some dumb kids game…I
swear, it’s like the whole department is trying to turn their lives into an action movie.” 

“So you wanted me to let him go?” Chie asked, her voice bordering on accusatory. 

“I wanted you to follow orders. Dispatch said to go help the officers, and you didn’t. They’re
both okay, but what if that car had caught fire? What if you had crashed into someone while
you were in pursuit? The news would’ve had a field day with that - ‘officer causes old
woman to break her hip while in pursuit of card thief!’” 

He put his glasses back on.



“You’re a truancy officer, Satonaka. Not Jackie Chan. You’re assigned to find kids and send
them back to school.” 

“I don’t want to be a truancy officer, chief,” she said. “Don’t you see that I’m capable of a lot
more?” 

“You’re capable of giving me a lot of headaches, Satonaka. But fine, if you don’t want to be a
truancy officer anymore, I can arrange that. You’ll get a new assignment in the morning.
Maybe.” 

Chie felt her stomach drop. 

“Dismissed, Satonaka.” 

The moment the door to her apartment shut behind her, Chie dialed.

“I’m getting fired,” she said when the line connected.

“You are not,” Yukiko said. 

“Yeah, I’m pretty sure I am this time.” 

“What happened?” 

Chie told Yukiko. 

“That sounds pretty amazing,” Yukiko said.

“I know, right? It was one of the best take downs I’ve ever done! And he didn’t appreciate it
at all. I don’t know, Yukiko, I think I’m going to give up.” 

“You can’t give up. You’re Chie. You don’t give up.” 

“It’s just…not what I was hoping it would be,” Chie said. The microwave beeped and she
pulled open the top of the instant meal. The steak looked gray and the rice was mealy and
even though it was supposed to be teriyaki sauce the only flavor Chie could ever describe it
as was “brown.” 

“Maybe I should just go back to Inaba. Dojima said they’d hire me. At least back home
they’ll take me seriously.” 

“I wouldn’t hate it if you came back,” Yukiko admitted. “I miss you. The kids miss you. But I
think you shouldn’t do it quite yet. I know you, Chie, if you give up on this now, you’re never
going to forgive yourself for it. You’ve only been in Tokyo three years. I know you were
expecting some sort of meteoric rise, but things take time.” 

“Don’t meteors fall?” 

“Seriously, Chie. Your chief isn’t the only ranking officer in the department. Someday,
someone is going to take notice of what you can offer, and then you’ll get your chance. If you



come home now, you’ll always wonder.” 

Chie took a bite of the steak. Rubbery. 

“You’re right, as usual. It was just…a hard day.” 

“I know. Maybe you should go visit Nanako and Yu on your day off, I’m sure Nanako would
be thrilled to see you.” 

“Oh, that’s right! I forgot she was here! Has it been a month already? Geez.” 

Chie chewed and thought.

“…Hey, is Nanako still wearing her hair in twin tails?” 

“She was last time I saw her.” 

“And she goes to Shujin, right?” 

“Yeah. Why?” 

Chie narrowed her eyes. 

“Well played, Nanako-chan…well played…” 



Chapter 35: 4/12 - Evening
Chapter Summary

Nanako talks to Yu.

Nanako walked through the front door of Yu’s home.

Well, her home now.

She kicked off her shoes.

She dropped her bag on the ground.

She flopped onto the bed.

She fell asleep. 

When she finally woke up, it was 8:30. She felt tangled in her school uniform, especially
since she hadn’t even unbuttoned her coat. She quickly changed out of the uniform and into a
pink tank top and gray leggings. She even untied her hair and let it fall down her back - she
didn’t want a single thing constricted on her body. 

She walked out into the dining room to see big bro was setting out take out food onto the
table.

“We won’t eat take out every day, I promise,” he said with a smile. “But I was held up at the
newspaper and you weren’t answering my texts, so I figured you had a long day too.” 

“You don’t know the half of it,” Nanako said.

“Let’s eat. Tell me about it.” 

A billion thoughts burst in Nanako’s heart and mind all at once. She was scared of getting
answers to questions that had been plaguing her all day - what was the castle, what were
Personas, how did he know Margaret? 

No. These questions had been chasing her longer than that. She had always wondered what
had really happened to her as a kid. Not knowing the exact truth had left a strange gap in who
she was. It had been there so long that she’d gotten used to it. She was also scared to admit
that Kamoshida might have something to hide, and that somehow that world was connected
to his possible abusive nature. 



But she wasn’t just scared. She was excited. Excited to share Izanagi with him. Excited to
talk about all the adventures he went on, about what that world was and what she was
supposed to do in it. 

She stuffed food in her face, ravenous from the adventures of the day. Her mind raced,
uncertain on how to start the conversation. All the thoughts pushed against each other in a
mad struggle to be spoken first. 

“What happened to me when I was kidnapped?” she blurted out. Okay, that was a weird way
to approach this, but whatever.

Yu dropped his chopsticks.

“What?” 

“When I was a kid, and I was kidnapped. What exactly happened to me? The whole truth.” 

“Why are you asking about that?” Yu snapped. Nanako was surprised and noticed that Yu
looked angry with a little bit of panic mixed in. She had better explain quickly. 

“See, I’ve been having these dreams and-” 

“We went through hell to save you,” Yu said, cutting her off. His eyes were shut and he
breathed slowly. “Your dad and I…it was the worst time of our lives. We did everything we
could to keep you protected from it. You don’t need to know all the details, Nanako. I wish I
didn’t know them.” 

“But…big bro…I really need to…” 

“No, Nanako! We are not talking about this!” 

Pi pi pi. 

It was Yu’s phone. He grabbed it.

“Hello?…Really? Now?…Right. I’m on my way.” 

He ended the call.

“I’m sorry. I need to go.” 

“R-right,” Nanako said.

He opened his mouth to say something, then closed it. He scooped up his belongings and
rushed out the front door. 

Nanako couldn’t believe it.

All the fear and excitement that had been swirling inside her was now buried in a mountain
of sludgy sadness. 



Why had he yelled? 

Why didn’t he trust her to know the truth? 

How was she going to navigate all of this without him? 

Would he listen if she told him the truth? Or would he try and take control, push it all away,
and send her home? Would he tell her dad to drag her back to Inaba and leave Ren alone to
deal with whatever was going on? 

She wasn’t sure how to answer any of those things.

For the first time ever, she wasn’t sure she understood her big bro. 

She finished her meal. She ate steadily and quickly, because she was afraid if she stopped,
she’d start to cry. 

=====

SOCIAL LINK

Justice: Yu Narukami

COLLAPSED

SOCIAL LINK RANK UP

Hierophant: Yu Narukami

Level 1 



Chapter 36: 4/12 - Night
Chapter Summary

Nanako watches TV.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Nanako loved TV.

TV never let you down. TV never hid secrets from you. TV never made you feel
unappreciated even though you turned your entire life upside down to help it. 

TV was there for Nanako. It only cared that Nanako could laugh, or cry, or feel suspense, or
get information, or just feel nothing at all. The only thing TV asked for in return is to watch a
few commercials. 

And time. 

Right now Nanako had lots of extra time and way too many feelings. So she paid TV with
her time and in return, it numbed her.

She wondered how many hours of TV she’d watched in her life.

“Everyday’s great at your Junes…” she sung along to the theme song playing on the TV.

It was 11:34 PM. 

Falling asleep when she got home had turned out to be a mistake. After she had eaten, she
had done a little bit of organizing of her homework, bathed (because she couldn’t help but
wonder if the castle had infected her with something), and then tried to go to bed. She
managed to fall int a light, restless sleep for an hour and a half before she decided that she
just wasn’t going to be sleeping anytime soon. 

And so, TV.

Oddly enough, she liked TV more than she liked her phone. The phone demanded too much.
Tap here. Scroll here. Pick the next video. Answer the next message. Do you like this
picture? Do you want to comment on it? 

No, phones were needy. TV gave, and gave freely. 

11:35.



Yu still wasn’t home.

She stood up and walked to the other end of the apartment. She stood at the end of the little
hallway, between the two doors she wasn’t supposed to enter. 

His office. His bedroom.

It had to be in one of them, right? 

She was mad enough to open the doors, she decided. A day ago, she would have never
thought about violating big bro’s privacy, especially since he had made her room so nice. But
now…now he was hiding things. Important things. And if she had to steal the truth away
from him, then so be it. 

A little thrill fluttered in her heart.

It reminded her of stealing the phone with Ren. 

Bedroom first.

She screwed up her courage, clenched her teeth, frowned and grabbed the bedroom
doorknob. This was it! She was going in!

Click click.

Locked.

“Aw,” Nanako said.

Clicaclickaclickaclickaclicka.

Nope, definitely locked.

She turned around to the office, this time grabbing the handle without the big buildup. The
door swung open freely. 

The office looked like…well, an office. There was a desk and a bookshelf, a couple of side
tables where papers were stacked neatly. Yu was quite fastidious. 

She turned on the light on her phone and started scanning around the room. She wasn’t sure
why she was doing that, she could just turn on the room light. But she didn’t, just kept
sweeping the little white circle back and forth, hoping to find a clue. Anything, really. 

Her light settled on a decorative trunk - the kind you would see on a steamship during the
1900s. It was black leather with brass buttons and a big latch. The latch was unlocked. 

Seemed sorta obvious to put a secret in a big chest, but she might as well start somewhere.
She hefted the lid open.

“Whoah.” 



She pulled out a katana. 

The design was simple - black scabbard and hilt. She set her phone on a shelf and pulled out
a couple of inches of the blade. Shiny and silver. And it looked sharp. 

“Back off, Shadows!”

The memory flashed in her head, less than a second long. He had been holding this sword
when she was taken into that world. He had used it to fight the monsters, the shadows. 

She set the sword aside and kept looking.

Next was a small glasses case. She opened it. Black rims with some rainbow colored lines on
the side. She unfolded them and put them on.

Yu wore glasses regularly these days, but these didn’t have a prescription. Or they did, they
were pretty weak. 

There was only one more item in the chest, a ridiculously huge book. She hefted it out and
held her light over it.

It was blue leather with gold bindings. In the center of the cover was a fancy “V” in
embossed gold. It reminded her of Margaret’s outfit, now that she thought about it. The V
was encircled by two words.

“Compendium Personae,” Nanako read. 

She put the sword back into the chest and shut it. She picked up her phone, took the
Compendium, and head back out to the hallway. She clicked the door softly behind her, then
rushed back to her bedroom, shutting the door and locking it behind her. 

She found her desk lamp and clicked it on, then set the book down. It was only now that she
realized how ridiculous the book looked. It looked like it was plucked out of a wizard’s castle
or from the library of a king. There were too many pages, and it was too heavy for her to
carry it with one hand. 

She took a deep breath. Her heart was racing, her forehead a little sweaty from her mad dash
down the hallway. 

What was inside? 

She opened the cover. 

The first page said “The Fool.” 

She turned.

Izanagi appeared on the next page. There were all sorts of words describing abilities that she
only faintly understood. Reading it gave her an instinct into how Izanagi worked a little
better, and how it worked within her own body. 



She turned the page.

Yomotsu-shikone, the page said.

She read the words, but it didn’t fill her with quite the same understanding. Somehow she felt
like this persona was just a little bit out of reach…

Why did she have this? Why did Margaret want her to find it? 

It was at that point that she realized she was still wearing the glasses. She slipped them off
her face and rubbed her eyes, then turned to continue looking at the book.

Except, the word s were gone.

And the picture was a little more…dull. Like it was a sketchy, faded version of itself. She
frowned and held the glasses up to her face again.

Through the lenses, she could see the sharp, clear picture and the words. 

“Weird…” she said. Why did the glasses allow her to see the Compendium? 

Her head was filled with so many questions. But finally the exhaustion was catching up with
her. It was almost midnight now, and she really needed to get some sleep, otherwise she’d be
late for school again.

Even if Kamoshida would cover for her, she didn’t want to. 

She turned off the light, hid the Compendium in her school bag, and tucked herself into bed.

She fell asleep.

What Nanako didn’t know was that out in the living room, the channel changed.

Standing in the center of the TV, looking longingly out into the world, was a young blonde
man with crystal blue eyes. 

Chapter End Notes

Wow, we made it through 4/12! Hooray! It took forever, just like the real game!



Chapter 37: 4/13 - Morning
Chapter Summary

Chie gets her new assignment.

Protein shake. 

100 push ups.

100 sit ups.

50 kicks with each leg. 

Chie was nervous about what her “new assignment” was going to be, but she wouldn’t let it
disrupt her routine. She still got up at 5:00 AM for her apartment workout. If she had a later
shift, she’d add in a run, but she needed to be at the station at 8 today. 

Shower. Dress. Eggs while watching the news. Two cups of coffee. 

Maybe the chief would forget. He seemed pretty upset yesterday, but he was also a very busy
guy, and reassigning an officer to another position just because she had arrested someone
couldn’t possibly be on his priority list. Although, the lawsuit would probably be pretty high
on her list…

But the guy was stealing Featherman cards. How was he going to afford a decent attorney? 

She got onto the train and yawned. 

She looked at her phone. She sent the best dog pictures and gifs to Yukiko and Kanji in their
“Puppers” group chat. 

She arrived at the station and strode straight and steady, hoping to walk by Officer Jiro, who
worked the reception desk. 

“Hey, Satonaka,” he called out. “Chief wants to see you.” 

“Darn it,” Chie said. She turned on her heel and walked to the Chief’s office. What she
needed was a plan. Maybe get him a bagel? A coffee? Try to be cute? Try to be tough? Throw
herself on the mercy of the court? 

“Good morning chief, I-”



“Your orders, Satonaka,” the chief said, not even looking up from his computer screen. He
held out an envelope with his other hand. 

“Chief, I-”

“Don’t thank me. I had nothing to do with it. Report to the prosecutor’s office.” 

Chie took the envelope. “Yes, sir.” 

The prosecutor’s office wasn’t far from the police headquarters, so Chie just walked it. What
the heck was going on? She wanted to open the envelope and peak at her orders, but she
wasn’t sure if she was supposed to or not. This was the first time she’d ever been given
written orders like this before. 

She walked into the prosecutor’s office and gave her name to the reception. She was directed
to a conference room on the second floor. She walked in. 

“Officer Chie Satonaka reporting in, ma’am,” Chie said. 

The woman turned around. 

She was strikingly beautiful, with silver hair and crimson eyes. She was lithe and wore an
amazing suit with her prosecutor’s badge pinned to her lapel. The conference room was
empty, save for her. Her laptop was plugged into the wall on one end, and piles of papers
were spread out across the table. 

“Officer?” she said, frowning.

“Y-yes?” Chie said. “Here are my orders.” 

She handed the prosecutor envelope. She opened it and scanned the page. 

“The hell is this…” the prosecutor muttered to herself. “I can’t believe this is happening.” 

“Ma’am?” 

“Sorry, I just didn’t realize we were getting a police liaison attached to this. But…” the
prosecutor worked to put on a professional demeanor. “My name is Sae Niijima. Officer…”
she glanced down at the papers, “Satonaka, what’s your expertise surrounding these mental
shutdown cases?” 

Chie couldn’t hide her shock. She had heard of the series of strange accidents where people
fell either into psychotic episodes or simply fell over and died. There had been all sorts of
muttering within the police department about what was behind it, and who was supposed to
investigate it. Was it a police matter? A matter of public health? Was someone doing this to
someone with poison? Nobody knew what it was or who was supposed to be responsible for
it.

Now, it seemed, she knew who was responsible for it. She was.



“I don’t have any expertise that I’m aware of,” Chie said honestly.

“Then why were you selected for this?” 

“I’m not entirely sure, ma’am.” 

“Oh, hello.” 

Chie heard the pleasant voice and turned around. A teenager with long brown hair wearing a
school uniform gave a sweet smile. 

“I didn’t realize we were going to have police presence here this morning. I’m Akechi.” 

“Satonaka,” Chie replied. “And I apologize for showing up like this, I just found out this
morning I was supposed to be here.” 

“And we’re just finding out whether or not she’s going to be useful,” Sae said. Chie frowned.
Akechi shook his head.

“I’m sure Officer Satonaka has a lot of admirable qualities that will help us in this
investigation,” Akechi said. “And I think it will be good to work alongside the police. It will
be easier if we have one point of contact that we can trust, don’t you think?” 

“You were enough point of contact with the police for my taste,” Sae said. Akechi laughed.

“Well, that’s very kind of you to say, but we both know I don’t hold any official rank or
power within their organization.” 

“Hey…” Chie said, looking at Akechi. His voice, his phrasing, it all started to come together.
“You’re that Akechi. The one on TV. The Detective Prince.” 

“Ah, that’s a little embarrassing,” Akechi said. “But yes, that’s me. I hope you’ll forgive my
media appearances. I know not all of the police appreciate the interviews I give.” 

“No, no, it’s fine. It’s funny, I know the first Detective Prince, so I guess I’m already used to
this. Though I’m not sure how she would feel about losing her title…” 

“He’s more than welcome to it.” 

Chie spun around.

“Naoto?!”

Naoto stood in a sharp and stylish blue suit with a lightweight overcoat and blue cap. Her fell
down to her shoulders. She was still pretty short, but she was as calm and collected as ever. 

“You’re the one that requested Officer Satonaka?” Sae asked. 

“Indeed I am. I apologize for not notifying you earlier, but things happened quicker than I
had hoped. I am pleased for it.” 



“You two know each other,” Akechi stated.

“Yes, we are old friends,” Naoto said. “Which is why I think this will be the best choice. We
all know that the SIU Director has been pressuring us to bring on a police liaison. Now we
have one that I can trust.” 

“Fine, whatever helps us move on with the case,” Sae said. 

“Akechi-kun, you really need to get to school, and I’m sure you have a lot to do, Sae-san,”
Naoto said. “Let’s skip the meeting for today. I will brief Officer Satonaka on what we have
so far. I wouldn’t want to waste either of your time with reviewing information you already
know.” 

Akechi smiled brightly. ‘That’s very kind of you, Naoto-san. You truly are an inspiring
mentor. It was nice meeting you, Officer Satonaka.” 

Akechi bowed and rushed off. Chie turned to say goodbye to Sae, but she was already seated
at her computer. 

“This way,” Naoto said. 

Chie followed her into the hallway.

“Man, she’s kinda bitchy,” Chie said. “What’s going on?” 

“Not yet,” Naoto said. Chie nodded. They walked into the elevator, where Naoto pushed the
button for the parking garage. 

“So-”

“Not yet,” Naoto said. 

Hm. 

Even after all these years, Naoto could still be the most difficult to read. Her mind was
always working on a level much faster than Chie’s - much faster than most people’s, actually.
They were still friends, but she wasn’t the “make a group chat with dog pictures” kind of
friend. Chie realized she hadn’t seen Naoto since Christmas, when the group always went
back to Inaba. 

The elevator door opened and they stepped into the parking garage.

“I can’t believe that-” 

“Not yet,” Naoto said.

They found her car, a gorgeous classic car that looked like it was pulled from the 1930s. It
was midnight blue with bright chrome ornamentation. The door was heavy and slammed shut
with an almost ominous resonance. Naoto turned the ignition, and the engine rumbled like a
beast. She didn’t say one word until they were out of the parking lot and on the road.



“Okay. Now.” 

“You’re working on the mental shutdown cases?” Chie said. “Well, of course you are, that
makes total sense. But why pull me onto it?” 

“Because the case has gotten very complicated and I need someone I trust watching my
back,” Naoto said.

“Aw, really? I’m honored. I’m going to do everything I can. And thank you for requesting
me, you kinda saved me…” 

“It’s more than just the mental shutdowns,” Naoto interrupted. 

“What do you mean?” 

Chie watched Naoto’s face shift expression. She blinked several times as a tear slid out of
each eye. She sniffed and gripped the wheel, trying to regain composure. 

“I found Teddie.” 



Chapter 38: 4/13 - Morning
Chapter Summary

Nanako goes to school.

Nanako grunted as she dropped her massively heavy bag onto her desk. The Compendium
Personae took up most of her bag now. In fact, she had to carry a few of her other books in
her hands this morning. 

She rubbed her shoulders. She’d have to figure out a different way to deal with it. 

She sat, slipped on her big bro’s glasses, and opened the Compendium, then slid it into the
cubby hole in her desk. She could glance at it during class and maybe figure out why this was
so important. 

Ren walked in a few moments later. He paused and glanced at her. 

“You don’t wear glasses,” he said. 

“Neither do you.” 



Chapter 39: 4/13 - Afternoon
Chapter Summary

Nanako answers a question.

“All right, listen up, there have been rumors moving around the school lately and I won’t
tolerate them,” Ushimaru-sensei, the social studies teacher, said. “Foolish teens like yourself
try to spice up your boring lives by inventing stories that simply don’t make any sense. So I
hope that you’ll take these rumors and shut them up.” 

Nanako watched as a few students glanced towards her and Ren’s corner. She wasn’t sure if
Ushimaru-sense was helping or hurting - or what his intention was. 

“In any case, we can really know what another person is thinking or feeling. At least, that
was what the psychologist Karl Jung said. He theorized that there were two versions of who
we are, one true inner self, and the one self that we presented to the outer world. Let’s
see….Dojima, do you know what he called that outer self?” 

Nanako glanced around, looking for help. Was this in the reading last night? She had been so
tired that she forgot to do it. Or had she done and it she didn’t remember it? 

She saw the Compendium and decided to take a shot at it.

“A persona,” Nanako said.

“Huh. Very good. Now…” 

Ushimaru-sensei started writing something on the board. Nanako could hear her classmates
chattering around her.

“Hey, the girl knew that answer! It wasn’t even in the reading.” 

“Maybe she’s not really with the criminal.” 

“Or maybe she’s trying to save him, you know?”

“Maybe he’s saving her. In bed. If you know what I mean.” 

“Ew, gross.” 

Nanako sighed. 



Chapter 40: 4/13 - Afterschool
Chapter Summary

Ren, Ryuji, and Nanako look for the palace.

Nanako was relieved when the school day was over, which was an odd feeling for her. School
was never something that she felt was a burden before. It was probably the lack of sleep, or at
least that’s what she was hoping. Maybe it was because she kept glancing at the
Compendium. 

Whatever the reason, she was glad it was over. She took an extra minute to sort out her
books. If she was strategic, then she could leave a little bit to alleviate the weight of her bag. 

She stepped out of the classroom a minute later to see Ren waiting in the hallway, watching.
She followed his gaze.

Kamoshida and Takamaki were having a conversation. 

Takamaki, the gorgeous blonde that Ren was talking to on their first day of school. The
gorgeous blonde that sat in front of Ren every day. Nanako idly tugged on one of her own
twin tails. They were straight and brown and…well, plain. Compared to the thick,
voluminous clouds of gold that Takamaki had, they were pretty forgettable. 

She walked up to Ren’s side to try and hear what they were saying, but the conversation was
over. Takamaki headed down the hallway. Kamoshida stared after her a moment.

“Tch,” he said before turning and heading up the stairs. 

“What was that about?” Nanako asked.

“Not sure,” Ren said. “Come on.” 

They walked together down to the front entrance of the school. Leaning by the front gate was
Ryuji.

“All right, we ready to do this?” he said.

“Why are you so fired up about this?” Ren asked, as cool and casual as he could be. 

“Because this has to do with that bastard Kamoshida, somehow. I’m not letting this go until
we figure it out.” 



“Don’t you think we need to protect people from him? If it’s true?” Nanako asked. Though
she was speaking in general, she couldn’t help but wonder if Takamaki was getting the same
sort of treatment Nanako was. Or worse. And she wondered if Ren thought that too.

And if he was worried about her.

Come on Nanako, now’s not the time for high school jealousy…

“Right. How do we do this?” 

“I figure we just retrace our steps until we find the castle. Come on.” 

Ryuji led the way, with Ren and Nanako flanking behind him. They walked along the road
and circled back around to the spot where the three of them first met yesterday morning. 

“This is where we were…now we just need to follow the same path. You two keep an eye out
for anything strange, got it?” Ryuji said.

“Yeah, sure,” Ren said. 

They walked. Nanako adjusted her bag strap. 

“Did you sleep okay?” Ren asked, suddenly. Nanako glanced over. 

“Yeah, I guess so. Why?” 

“Uh…well, you just look a little tired. That’s all.” 

“You should talk,” Nanako said. “You look a little worn out too.” 

“Yesterday was pretty intense,” he said. “And I had a pretty weird dream. Wasn’t very
restful.” 

“Yeah. Well. There’s a lot of changes. That can be stressful for sure. It’s going to take us time
to adjust.” 

“So…you’re staying then,” Ren said. 

“Yeah. Did you really think I was going to turn back now?” 

Ren let a small smile slip on his face. “No, I guess not.” 

“We’re in this together. Whatever ‘this’ is.” 

“Aw, come on! We’re back at school!” Ryuji yelled. “Okay, maybe I made a wrong turn…
let’s try it again.” 

They tried it twice more, each time ending up at the school’s front entrance. 

“We must be doing something wrong…” Ryuji said. “Hey what was that navigation app?” 



Ren and Ryuji fell into a conversation, but Nanako wasn’t listening. She was back to trying to
adjust her bag again. This book stupidly large. Really, who made it? Couldn’t they have
printed this in paperback? Or better yet, a PDF she could put on her phone. 

The strap of her bag snapped. Everything came spilling out of her bag and onto the sidewalk
in front of the school. Nanako sighed and crouched down to pick it all up. 

“Hey, let me help you there.” 

The voice came from a boy wearing a second year pin. He knelt next to her and started
gathering up books and pens.

“Thanks, it’s okay, I got it,” Nanako said. 

“Hey, cool book,” the guy said, picking up the Compendium. “Heavy. What is it?” 

“It’s just a…” Nanako struggled for an explanation. “…Family heirloom.” 

“Nice. These cheap school bags aren’t really meant to hold things that heavy though…let me
see…” the guy picked up the Compendium and looked at it from multiple angles. He then
seemed to weigh it in his hand, then handed it to Nanako with a nod. Nanako noticed his
hands were really strong. They also had a nice smell to them…like…leather. 

“Okay, got it. Meet me here tomorrow, okay? I’ll have the solution to your problem.” 

“Um…okay?”

“My name’s Satoichi Sano, by the way. Class 2-A.” 

“Nanako Dojima, class 2-D.” 

“Nice meeting you, Dojima-san. See you tomorrow!” 

“Bye…?” 

The young man stood up and walked away. 

“Hey, Nanako, over here!” Ryuji said. Nanako frowned, not remembering when she gave him
permission to use her first name but she wasn’t going to make a thing of it. She got up,
keeping the Compendium under her arm instead of in the bag, and walked over. 

Ren had his phone out with an app she didn’t recognize.

“What the heck is this thing?” Nanako asked.

“I think it’s how we get back,” Ren said.

“Beginning navigation.”
 



Chapter 41: 4/13 - Palace of Lust
Chapter Summary

The team learns a few things.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

“Whoah, your clothes changed again!” 

Ren looked down at his hand and saw that it was gloved. Then he struck a pose.

“Not bad, right?” 

“You like it!?” Ryuji yelled.

“You would,” Nanako said, but she couldn’t help but laugh a little. It did suit him, somehow.
Even with the curly toed boots. Maybe it was because the clothes seemed to change his
posture a little. His demeanor. He shifted back towards the boy she had met that night two
months ago. 

Nanako looked down at herself, but nothing had changed about her clothes. The
Compendium, on the other hand, looked very different. Not only did it look as sharp and
bright as it did when she wore Yu’s glasses, but it was glowing. She opened the book and had
to squint as the light poured out of it. 

She slipped the glasses on and the glare of the light dimmed. The contents of the pages were
the same, but when she opened it to Izanagi, she could see his card floating in the air. She
reached out and grabbed it, and it became…attached, for lack of a better word. She could feel
his presence within her now, and all she had to do was open her palm and bring forth his
card. 

“Nanako?” Ryuji asked. “You okay there?” 

“Yeah, just getting ready,” she said. “By the way, very presumptuous of you to use my first
name…” 

“Ah! S-sorry, I didn’t mean-” 

She smiled. “It’s fine. Just messing with you a little.” 

She opened up her school bag and pulled books and pens out of it, setting them by the front
entrance. She’d get them on the way out. I mean, this was some sort of alternate dimension,



right? Who was going to take her school supplies? With her bag empty, she put the
Compendium in it and used the one functioning strap to hang it over her shoulder. 

“So it worked. And we found it. Now what?” Ryuji asked. Ren took a step forward, hands in
his pockets, scanning the facade of the castle carefully.

“Hmm…well, the vent we used to get out should still be open. We can sneak back in that way
and take a look around. We’ll move quietly and carefully. You in decent shape?” 

“You’re looking at the ex-track star,” Ryuji said, his voice tinged with a little irritation, but
his smile full of confidence. “Yeah, I can handle myself. What about her?” 

Before Nanako could answer, Ren said, “She can handle herself.” 

She swelled with a little pride at this. 

“Besides, you’re the only one without a Persona,” Nanako said. Ryuji bristled at that. 

“Yeah, yeah, I get it.” 

“You rookies are back? After all the effort I went through getting you out of here safely?” 

The three of them spun around to look at Morgana. He was climbing out of the vent. 

“Call us stubborn,” Ren said. 

“We need to figure out what’s going on,” Nanako said. Morgana smiled and crossed his
arms. 

“I suppose I could use a little back up. The guards in this palace have proven to be a lot more
numerous than I thought. I’ve managed to get through the first couple of portions, but I’ll
need a little muscle to push through the rest. Just hope that you’re not too clumsy or
brainless.” 

“Hey, watch it kitty, I’ll-” 

Ren held up a hand to stop Ryuji. 

“Teach us what you know, sensei.” 

“Sensei? That has a nice ring. But I don’t want to be responsible for your entire education.
Right now we’re just…confidants. Two thieves working for the same goal. Come on.” 

Morgana hopped back up the vent. Ren shrugged and darted to the edge, sliding up the side
with ease. 

“You want a boost up?” Ryuji asked.

“I’m wearing a skirt,” Nanako reminded him.

“R-right, sorry.” 



Chie had once told her to always wear shorts. She should’ve listened. 

The interior of the palace was as real as ever. Only the very edges of her awareness seemed to
betray the dreaminess of this world, especially the spots of her peripheral vision that she
couldn’t see through the glasses. It was strange that these glasses worked in this world. She
wondered where they were from. They weren’t exactly selling alternate dimension specs at
Junes. 

They landed on the interior of the castle and started moving down the hallways as quietly as
they could. Morgan and Ren took the lead, with Morgana slightly ahead. 

“So…what is this place?” Nanako whispered. 

“I call it a Palace,” Morgana said. “It’s the inner world of a person, a manifestation of how
they see the world. The king here…what did you say his name was?” 

“Kamoshida,” Nanako said.

“Yeah, Kamoshida is the palace’s ruler. He sees himself as king of this castle, so the Palace
changes to reflect that,” Morgana said. 

“But this isn’t a castle. It’s our school,” Ryuji said.

“He sees himself as king of the school,” Ren said.

“Hey, you catch on pretty quick,” Morgana said with a grin. He pushed open a door, peered
into the hallway, then motioned them forward. The door across from them was unlocked, and
Ren slid it open while Morgana shut the last door behind them. 

“Okay, so all of this represents how Kamoshida feels…why is it here?” Nanako asked.

“You’re in the Metaverse. It’s a world where people’s inner thoughts come to life.” 

Nanako felt a pulse in her head and she suddenly felt dizzy. She reached out for the wall to
catch herself, but she was too far away.

She started to fall.

“I saved her! Just like I saved all of you!” 

“Put her down, Namatame!” 

“Let go of Nana-chan!” 

“Big bro, help!” 

A pair of strong arms caught her back. Her vision started to clear and she blinked several
times, trying to focus on the face peering down at her.

…It was Ryuji.



“You okay?” he said, looking worried. 

“Yeah, sorry, just…got a little light headed,” she said. She picked herself up. “Thanks.” 

“Uh, yeah, no problem…” Ryuji mumbled. He looked as awkward as Nanako felt. Ren
glanced at her, his gaze intense through the slots of his mask. He said nothing to her, instead
turning to face Morgana. 

“Does everyone have a palace?” 

“No. Just people with really intense distorted desires.” 

“Ha, I knew it! I knew Kamoshida was a creep!” Ryuji yelled. 

“Shh, keep it down you idiot!” Morgana scolded. 

There was a thunk from the other side of the room. The door was opening.

“Hide!” Morgana hissed. 

The room they had entered was a small sitting room. It had a rough hewn wooden table in the
center with four chairs surrounding it. There were also a couple of large shelves along the
wall filled with what looked to be maps and model figures. This must be a war room of some
kind, Nanako realized. She quickly pivoted behind one of the shelves, trying to push herself
as small as possible. Morgana leapt up to the top of the shelf she was hiding behind and
pressing himself as low as possible. 

Where was Ren? 

Nanako didn’t dare look around the corner. The heavy thunking footsteps of a guard filled the
room.

Thunk, thunk, thunk. 

Pause. 

Thunk.

He was turning, Nanako thought.

Thunk, thunk.

He turned the other way? She needed to know. She risked peeking one eye around the corner. 

A dark shape fell from the ceiling and cloaked the knight’s shoulders. Ren was balancing
himself on the top of the guard! He reached down and grabbed the chin of the knight’s mask.

“Show me your true form!” 



Chapter End Notes

So some of you have correctly guessed that Satoichi Sano, who is not a real Persona
character, is going to be "important."

Well, yes and no.

By the time I had filled out all of Nanako's social link arcanas, I was three short. Some
of the characters it makes sense for Nanako to have her own individual SL relationship
with, but others don't (mostly the side confidants that Ren has, like Tae, Ohya, Shinya,
etc.)

So I made three new characters. They're just going to be "side social links" so their
influence is mostly about Nanako's growth as a person rather than anything major to the
story. I know the presence of OCs is a...complicated issue in fanfiction. But I hope you'll
trust me and stick around for the ride!



Chapter 42: 4/13 - Palace of Lust
Chapter Summary

Infiltrate.

The mask peeled back and the red-black ink of the shadow swirled around it. Ren jumped off
the shoulders before they melted away, landing in a three-point stance on the table. 

A pixie replaced the knight. She looked furious, her body glowing with its own power.

“What are you gnats doing in King Kamoshida’s palace? You really think you can overpower
the mighty king?” 

“Arsene!” 

The blue flames wrapped around Ren as his mask evaporated into ash. The moment Arsene
took his full form, he opened his mouth in a wicked laugh. A stream of red energy slashed
out from his mouth and slashed across the pixie’s torso. The pixie screeched and fell to the
ground, somehow disoriented by the attack. 

“Nice work! Let’s get it!” Morgana yelled. 

Nanako stepped around the corner and summoned up her card, but something else was
already happening.

The pixie picked itself up from the floor and had managed to get a little bit of height, just
enough for Morgana to slide beneath her and slash his sword at her underside. She yelled out
in pain, but not before Ren came leaping across, slicing a dagger blade across her throat.
Morgana had already gotten to his feet and jumped up to give a spinning slash at the pixie.
Ren caught himself on the opposite wall and used it to pounce at the pixie again, this time
slashing his dagger down across her back.

That was the last blow it needed. It melted around him, turning back into inky sludge that
melted into the floor.

“Nice all-out attack,” Morgana said, tossing his cutlass in the air, where it seemed to vanish.
“You’re a natural, frizzy hair.” 

“Where did that dagger come from?” Nanako asked. Ren looked at the weapon in his hand
and shrugged.

“I don’t know. It was just there when I needed it.” 



He let it go, and like Morgana’s cutlass, it vanished. 

“This is a cognitive world. What you think and believe matter a lot in here. If you need a
weapon, one will show up,” Morgana said. 

Nanako tried to imagine a weapon. First she thought about her big bro’s sword. Then her
dad’s gun.

Nothing. Maybe she didn’t “need” it, so it wasn’t appearing. 

“Huh, does that mean this might work?” Ryuji asked. He reached into his pocket and pulled
out a gun. 

“What the heck, Ryuji, where did you get that!” Nanako said. 

“H-hey, relax! It’s not real! It’s just a model!” 

Nanako paused and looked a little closer. Now that she thought about it, it wasn’t exactly the
right size, and a few minor details were off. 

“Oh. Sorry.” 

“Huh, maybe the blonde one isn’t that dumb after all. That will actually work. If the Shadows
believe the gun is real, then it will work as a real gun in here. Give it to that guy.” 

“What? Why? It’s my gun,” Ryuji said.

“Because you don’t have a Persona! If you attract attention and the shadows come after you,
you can’t defend yourself. Idiot.” 

“He’s right, it’s probably safer,” Ren said. “I’ll give it back.” 

“Eh, sure, fine,” Ryuji said. He tossed it into the air and Ren snatched it. He looked down the
barrel, then spun it stylishly and slipped it into his coat.

“Seriously, why are you so good at this?” Ryuji asked. 

Ren shrugged, smiled, and winked. Nanako felt her heart speed up a little.

Now isn’t the time for that Nanako, focus! 

“Can you take us back towards the lower dungeon?” Ren asked.

“Sure. Follow me.” 

Morgana led the way through the castle. They were as quiet as they could be, managing to
avoid the few guards they spotted. Eventually they found a narrow door that led back to the
spiral stairs that went down. They leaned against the wall and took it a step at a time until
they got back to one of the dark, narrow hallways. The smell of water, iron, and moss was
thick in the air again. 



Nanako heard a cry of pain. She took a few running steps forward, wanting to see what was
at the end of the hall.

A knight turned the corner, his massive body blocking the whole of the corridor. Nanako skid
to a stop and held out her hand.

“Persona!” 

Izanagi appeared above the knight just as it was morphing into a pair of strange little pixie
people with flower heads. 

Mandrakes. They were called mandrakes. She wasn’t sure how she knew that, but it filled her
head as clear as day the moment she stared at them, much like the way she knew what
Izanagi was capable of doing. 

Izanagi swooped down and crashed his blade into the shoulder of the first mandrake. The
second mandrake came charging forward, aiming his head straight at Nanako. 

A weapon. She needed a weapon. 

Sword. Club. Spear. Gun. Cartoon mallet. Anything! Anything at all! 

It was getting closer.

Nanako grit her teeth and swung her bag. The heavy Compendium inside the bag made a
satisfying thwack that sent the mandrake stumbling into the side of the wall. 

Blam blam blam!

The second mandrake, still stunned from her book-thwack, shook three times as Ren fired his
fake gun. Both mandrakes melted, and Izanagi faded. 

“Hey, nice moves,” Morgana said. “Looks like I’ve found two impressive proteges…though
I’m not sure swinging a book around is really a good look for a thief.” 

“Well I tried thinking of a weapon, but nothing showed up,” Nanako grumbled. 

“Don’t worry, I’ll teach you everything I know. You two are really showing a lot of
promise.” 

“How do you know all of this, anyway? Are you a…shadow? A creature from this world?” 

“I am not a shadow! I’m a human! I just…something happened to me.” 

“What happened?” Nanako asked. 

“I…don’t know. I can’t remember. Whatever happened to me, my memories were taken from
me too. I know how to do things…I just don’t remember why I know them, or where I
learned them. That’s part of why I’m here. I think if I keep using these skills and stealing
Treasure, my memories will return to me,” Morgana said. 



“I’m sorry,” Nanako siad. Morgana’s facial features were hard to read, but Nanako felt like he
looked a little bit embarrassed.

“It’s fine.” 

“Maybe we can help you, too,” Nanako suggested. “I mean, we need help getting through
this place and figuring out why we’re in it. We can make it an even trade.” 

Morgana narrowed his eyes and thought about it.

“Okay. We can work with that for now. Come on.” 

=====

SOCIAL LINK RANK UP 

Tower: Morgana

Level 1



Chapter 43: 4/13 - Palace of Lust
Chapter Summary

Ryuji learns a new word.

Nanako ran across the bridge above the water flowing through the dungeon. When she got to
the center, she dropped to her knees and clutched her hair. 

“No! No no! I’m so scared! Where am I? Can’t someone help me!?” 

Three guards turned their heads - two were on the opposite end of the bridge, while one was
behind her, Nanako having ran past him before he saw her. 

“Check it out,” one guard said. “I’ll watch this end.” 

One guard stood at either end of the bridge while the third marched across towards Nanako,
sword drawn. 

“Hey, you’re one of the new concubines,” the guard said. “What are you doing here?” 

“Concubine?” Nanako said, snapping her head up to look at the guard, her terror act falling
away. “What do you mean by that?!” 

“You need to get back to your quarters before King Kamoshida realizes you’re out and
about,” the guard said. 

Nanako caught a flicker of motion out of the corner of her eye. 

“Arsene!” Ren dropped from the ceiling above the guard on the other end of the bridge.  

“Zorro!” Morgana jumped out from behind a box. 

Arsene’s hand drove through the back of the guard, puncturing through both ends of the
armor. Zorro’s sword made a precision strike at the back of the other guard’s neck in the gap
between the armor plates. 

“What the-” the last guard looked back and forth, watching his comrades melt. 

“Izanagi!”

 Izanagi rushed from beneath the bridge, driving his sword up through the bottom of the
shadow’s jaw. Nanako watched as the mask came dislodged, his body trying to transform into



his true form. But the damage was too great, and it melted away before the transformation
could complete. 

The Personas faded. Nanako picked herself back up. 

“Nice plan,” Morgana said to Ren as they, and Ryuji, crossed the bridge. 

“Thanks. Come on,” Ren said, before dashing down the next corridor, coat flagging behind
him. 

Nanako adjusted her broken bag. Why didn’t she transform into a cool thief with magic
weapons that appeared and disappeared? Carrying this bag around was going to be a major
drag. 

“Here it is!” Ryuji said. The team turned down a hallway to a prison cell, the same one they
had briefly stopped at on their way out. “We gotta help him.” 

“Wait, what? You guys came back here to save this guy?” Morgana said, exasperated.
Nanako was a little confused too. Ryuji frowned.

“Well yeah we did! Me and Ren talked it over and we agreed we couldn’t leave anyone
behind in this world!” Ryuji said. 

“You idiot,” Morgana snapped. “I already told you, they’re cognitions!” 

“I don’t care, they don’t deserve to be in here!” 

A thought clicked into place in Nanako’s brain. 

“Ryuji…do you know what cognition means?” 

“Yeah, it means someone who has been sent to prison!” 

“No…that’s convict. Cognition is like a thought. These people aren’t real, just like the
shadows aren’t real. They’re versions of people in Kamoshida’s mind. Right?” Nanako said,
looking to Morgana for confirmation. The cat crossed his arms and nodded.

“At least one of you gets it.” 

“Oh…I see. So he thinks of the volleyball team members as being imprisoned by him,” Ryuji
said. 

“Exactly,” Nanako said. Ryuji spun around and glared at Ren.

“Why didn’t you tell me this!” 

“I tried to,” Ren said. He sounded a little exasperated but he was smiling. 

Huh. He was smiling. Nanako had to admit that Ryuji had a pretty fun energy about him. She
even found it a little amusing. Sure, he’d made a mistake but it was a good-hearted mistake.



He wanted to help those who couldn’t help themselves. 

So maybe his vocabulary needed some work. Big deal. He had a hero’s heart, Nanako
realized.

“Maybe this isn’t all for nothing,” Nanako said. “If the cognitions are accurate, then these
should be real people, right?” 

Ryuji turned to look at the student. He crouched down to get a better look. 

“Yeah, actually, I know this guy. He’s on the volleyball team, for sure.” 

“Then we can find them in the real world and convince them to testify,” Nanako said.
“Conversely, if Kamoshida isn’t abusing them, then they won’t have anything to say. Lack of
evidence is evidence, after all.” 

“You still think Kamoshida might be innocent?” Ryuji said. He looked disgusted. 

“Evidence is everything,” Nanako said. “If you want Kamoshida to be punished under the
law, you need to be able to prove it.” 

“It’s a good idea,” Ren said. “Let’s find as many students as we can, memorize their faces,
and then investigate again in the real world.” 

“Yeah, all right,” Ryuji said. 

Nanako was horrified by the rest of the dungeon. The screaming they heard yesterday was
coming from the cognitive students, but it sounded so very real. It didn’t help when they saw
what was happening to them: being tied upside down and shot with a volleyball cannon,
being forced to run on treadmills with spikes and fire chasing behind them. There was even a
room where a student was chained to the center of the floor while a guard beat him with a
stick. Nanako couldn’t think of any possible training benefit for that. 

It was pure cruelty. And it made Nanako sick to her stomach.

“Do you need a break?” Ren asked. She jumped, startled. He could move so quietly. 

“No, I’m fine,” Nanako insisted, straightening the broken bag on her shoulders and finding
newfound determination. “There are people in the real world going through these abuses. I
can handle looking at a cognitive version of them.” 

“Do you have enough faces already?” Morgana asked. “I’m sensing a lot of shadow
movement…something is happening. Maybe they’ve noticed all the guards we took out so
far. We should get going.” 

“I think we’ve found enough,” Ren said. “Let’s go.” 



Chapter 44: 4/13 - Palace of Lust
Chapter Summary

Hierophant Anzu, Garu Splash.

“We’ll cut through the front entrance and use the main doors to- aack!” 

Morgana was cut off by the sudden slash of a sword. The cat thief’s reflexes were fast enough
that he sprung into the air and did a backflip over Ren’s head, to land behind him. Ren, his
reflexes also cat-like, snapped out his dagger and cut several times into the guard’s chest,
shoving him backwards.

“This isn’t good…” Nanako said. 

The main hallway was filled with shadows. One by one they transformed into their true
shapes. 

“Arsene! Ravage them!” 

Arsene appeared and rushed through, cutting a path through a cluster of jack o’ lanterns. 

“Persona! My other self!” Morgana cried, bringing Zorro to the forefront. His blade made
several sweeping motions, tunneling green wind at a flock of pixies overhead. 

“Stay behind me!” Nanako called to Ryuji. He looked pissed off and scared at the same time,
and for a moment it looked like he was going to rush past Nanako and fight off the shadows
with his fists. 

“Fine,” he said, bitterly. 

Nanako turned to the battle. There was no way they could win the fight outright. Her mind
was already exhausted from using Izanagi, and her legs were getting tired too. Ahead, Ren
and Arsene fought like demons, the two of them cutting at shadow after shadow. It was
beautiful and scary all at once, especially since they seemed to have the same maniacal grins. 

But Ren was only human. He could’t keep up that pace forever. 

Morgana dodged beneath another attack and then lined up Zorro carefully. His wind burst
struck the center of a knight shadow and threw it through the air to impact another one. 

Morgana was being way more strategic. He was conserving his energy, fighting smarter
rather than harder. Nanako realized that Morgana was trying to create an opening to the door,
not defeat every shadow in the room. That was the smart move. 



But Izanagi’s lightning couldn’t help with that. Sure, she could attack an enemy, maybe a few
at a time, but until they were destroyed they’d still be standing in the way. What she really
needed was wind, like Morgana. In the strange portion of her mind that seemed to know
things about her persona, she knew flatly that Izanagi couldn’t control wind. 

But something else could. 

Trance-like, Nanako set down her bag.

“Hey, Nanako! Nanako! You all right?!” Ryuji yelled. “You’re not fainting again, are you?” 

Nanako took out the Compendium and turned the pages. 

Hierophant.

One page of the Hierophant was glowing now. She read the name written at the top.

“Anzu,” she whispered.

The page flashed, and a new card appeared. Nanako reached out and touched her hand to it.
Izanagi’s card appeared for a moment, then vanished, replaced by this new card. 

Yes. She understood now. She could call Izanagi again if she needed to by finding him in the
book. 

“Persona!” she yelled, squeezing the card. 

A new beast appeared above her - a purple monster with the body of an eagle but the head of
a lion. It opened its frightening mouth and let out a roar. 

“W-what the hell is that?!” Ryuji yelled. 

“Garu!” Nanako called. Anzu reacted by diving towards the nearest bicorn and releasing a
green blast of wind. The bicorn was picked up from the ground and sent hurtling across the
room, crashing into three knights. 

“Come on!” Nanako called back. She started running and Morgana took a position next to
her.

“You used another persona!? You have some hidden power!” Morgana said. “No time to
figure that out now, help me push a path open!” 

Anzu and Zorro sent blasts of wind one after the other, shoving the shadows out of the way
utnil there was a clear path to the door. 

“Ren!” Nanako yelled. “Let’s go!”

She turned to watch. Ren was on the top of a knight’s shoulders, pulling off its mask and
driving his dagger into its face. Behind him, Arsene released streaks of red energy that caused
the shadows to shrivel and die. 



“Hold the door,” Nanako said to Morgana. Before he could argue, Nanako was charging
forward again, Anzu flying just above her head. She sent more wind through the crowd of
shadows, knocking them to either side of her. Ren landed on the ground, his chest heaving
with breath, his face glistening with sweat. Arsene dissolved behind him, turning back into
his mask. 

“Let’s go!” Nanako called. Ren nodded, then suddenly dove forward into Nanako. The
impact sent Nanako falling to the ground, her concentration faltering, and Anzu vanishing
above her. Ren was getting back to his feet when there was thundering of hooves. 

“No!” 

A knight in full armor charged through the battlefield and caught Ren’s torso on the end of
his lance. Ren was picked up off his feet, carried through the air, then bashed onto the floor.
His body flopped from the impact, and then didn’t move.

“Perso-!” Nanako was cut off before she grasped the card. A knight struck her in the back
with a heavy gauntlet, pushing her face-down on the floor. A heavy foot pressed onto her
back, and she felt the gentle pressure of a sword on the back of her neck. 

“No no no!” Morgana yelled. Nanako watched as Morgana flew through the air and landed
on the ground in front of her, a third knight pinning him. 

“Well, well, it seems the intruders have come back for more,” called out a smooth but
distorted voice. Nanako watched as King Kamoshida, clad in crown, cape, and pink briefs
strode confidently into the room. 

“Sir, what do you want to do with the concubine?” asked the knight standing above Nanako. 

“Her? Psh. Despite my best efforts, she has chosen the life of a peasant. I think leaving her to
suffer in that life will make her more amenable to my offer in the future,” said King
Kamoshida.

“What are you talking about!? Concubine!? You mean you’re trying to get at Nanako!” Ryuji
yelled from the door. 

“Oh, look, it’s that vulgar little track brat,” said Kamoshida. “I didn’t even notice you were in
here. How’s your leg?” 

“Shut the hell up and let them go, you piece of shit!” Ryuji roared. “I knew it all along, and
this palace proves it! You abuse the volleyball team, physically! Just like you did with the
track team! And then you try to use the girls as your playthings!” 

“Try?” Kamoshida laughed. “I don’t try anything. I do. I am the king of the school. Sure, the
principal may be the one in charge, but I’m the one with the real influence. Without me and
my team, the school is nothing. That’s why your track team should have been more grateful
for my presence. You could have excelled under my guidance. Instead, the star thought he
knew better.” 



“You always hated the track team,” Ryuji said.

“I didn’t hate it. Hating it would mean that I cared enough to think about it. It was just noise
in the background. But when the star tried to lay his hands on me, I broke his leg. Then I
broke his team by getting his coach fired. I broke your whole world open, didn’t I,
Sakamoto?” 

“Ryuji…” Nanako called out. “I’m so sorry. I didn’t know. That’s horrible. You’re horrible!” 

“Quiet down, peasant. I don’t want to kill you. You have use to me still,” Kamoshida said.
“But only if you keep your mouth shut.” 

“You can’t talk to her like that!” Ryuji yelled.

“I can do whatever I want. I can break your other leg if I feel like it, and the school will call it
self defense again. And I can kill these intruders. But don’t worry Sakamoto, if you can’t
handle the guilt of being the cause of their deaths, then you can choose to go with them. The
swords are very sharp.” 

“Don’t let him win.” 

Nanako looked over at Ren. He bleeding, his face bruised, but he was alive! 

“What?” Ryuji said.

“Don’t let him win. He’s taken everything from you. Are you just going to stand there and let
it happen again?” Ren said. 

“Hell no I’m not!” 

Ryuji’s eyes turned yellow. 



Chapter 45: 4/13 - Palace of Lust
Chapter Summary

Captain Kidd!

The guard got off of Nanako’s back and rushed to stand in front of King Kamoshida in a
defensive position. Nanako picked herself off the ground and turned to look at Ryuji. 

He was screaming. A metal skull was covering the top half of his face, and he was struggling
to get it off.

“Ryuji!” She yelled, reaching out towards him. 

“No, don’t!” Ren said. “He’s fine.” 

With a yell, Ryuji ripped the metal skull from his face, his skin pouring blood from the area
around his eyes. Then he was swallowed up in blue flame, just like the fire that consumed
Ren when he summoned Arsene. The flame was wrapped in lightning bolts, and there was a
huge thunder crack that reverberated through the castle. 

“Hell yeah!” Ryuji called, stepping out of the fire and lightning. He was covered in metal
armor and black leather and had a dashing red scarf around his neck. 

A ghost pirate stood upon a ship behind him. The pirate’s right arm was a cannon that was
brimming with more electricity. 

“You’re screwed now, asshole! Captain Kidd! Zio!” 

The pirate swung his arm cannon around and aimed it at the shadow pinning Morgana.
Lightning forked from the end of the weapon and sent the shadow flying off of Morgana. The
shadow bounced off a wall and collapsed, a smoking hole in the center of its chest. It melted. 

“Ren!” Nanako cried, running towards him. Morgana zipped ahead of her, sliding to rest
beside him.

“He’ll be fine. Get ready for a fight!” Morgana said as Zorro appeared to his side. The
persona knelt beside Ren and touched him gently on the shoulder. 

“Dia,” Morgana said. Green light sparkled around Ren. The visible cuts on his body sealed
back up, the bruises no longer swelled. Ren leapt back to his feet, hand on his mask. 

“Thanks, Morgana. Persona!” 



Arsene appeared behind him. Nanako let out a breath of relief and stood up. She opened the
Compendium and flipped to the front of the book.

“Izanagi, I need you!” 

The four of them stood in a half circle, their Personas blazing bright. There were two
shadows left, the one that had pinned Nanako and the much stronger one that had attacked
Ren.

“You brats! You aren’t worthy to set foot inside my palace! Execute them!” Kamoshida
yelled. 

The weaker shadow charged at Ryuji. Captain Kidd leaned back in a pose of maniacal
laughter and red energy radiated from him and onto Ryuji’s body. Ryuji dashed forward,
suddenly much faster and stronger. He dodged under the sword strike from the shadow and
ran to to the shadow’s right side. 

He raised his hands above his head. Blue flamed swirled, and a metal pipe materialized into
his grip. 

He swung it hard into the shadow’s knee, which forced it onto the ground. He swung it
upward into the shadow’s face, and then back down across the back of its neck. 

It melted.

“Look familiar, Kamoshida?” Ryuji asked, patting the pipe in his hand. “It should. This is the
pipe you used to break my leg. Now I’m gonna use it to break your god-damn face!” 

“Guards!” Kamoshida yelped. He ran up the central stairs of the palace, leaving the mounted
knight behind. 

“Berith,” Nanako whispered, knowing its name. 

Berith lashed out, cleaving its huge sword at Ryuji.  Zorro rushed forward, his own blade
raised to block the attack. Arsene appeared behind Berith and unleashed another blast of
cursed energy into its back. 

“Nanako!” Ryuji called. “Help me out! Let’s shock this shadow into submission!” 

Ryuji was grinning from ear to ear, almost maniacal. Like the way Ren was grinning earlier. 

“I’m right behind you!” Nanako said. 

“Captain Kidd!”

“Izanagi! 

“ZIO!”



Izanagi rushed forward, his blade swarming with lightning while Captain Kidd leveled its
cannon. Zorro and Arsene vanished, Morgana and Ren dodged to the side. Captain Kidd’s
lightning blast streaked into Izanagi’s sword just as he was bringing it down into Berith’s
chest. 

There was a blinding flash of light and a boom of thunder. Before Nanako’s eyes could
adjust, she knew that the shadow was gone. 

Izanagi faded, as did Captain Kidd, which resulted in Ryuji’s skull mask appearing on his
face again. 

“All right! Let’s go finish off that bastard, Kamoshida!” 

He ran forward two strides, then fell to his knees. 

“Ryuji, take it easy,” Ren commanded, rushing to his side. “The first transformation takes a
lot out of you.”

“Well, well. Looks like you’re not going to be as useless as I thought, Morgana said smugly,
his tiny arms crossed. 

“Are you okay?” Nanako asked. 

“Yeah,” he said, grinning up at her to try and reassure her, though he still looked utterly
exhausted. 

“We should get out of here. More shadows are on their way,” Morgana said. Ren bent down
and helped Ryuji to his feet, bearing his weight on his shoulders. Nanako opened the front
door and held it open for the others. They ran out to the edge of the palace, where the world
started once again to bend. 



Chapter 46: 4/13 - Evening
Chapter Summary

Nanako recovers.

Once again, Nanako felt more exhausted than ever. Once they were sure that Ryuji could
make it home on his own, they said their goodbyes, and Nanako tumbled herself into one of
the female-only train cars and dozed on her way home. 

She got up to the apartment, but Yu wasn’t home yet. She wanted to fall into bed again and
fall asleep, but she didn’t want to play absolute havoc with her sleep schedule. So instead she
found some coffee in the cupboard and brewed it using the electric kettle and a French press. 

She sipped it. 

Kinda acidy. She went to the fridge, found some cream, and measured a spoonful in. 

Mm…now it was too milky. 

She tipped out a little bit of the coffee and added just a bit more coffee from the French
press. 

Sip.

Eh, it was okay. Nanako was pretty picky with her coffee ever since mom had brought with
her a passion for creating her own coffee blends. Dad went from drinking whatever sludge
they had at the station to bringing a full thermos from home every day. Her parents were fond
of her drinking much coffee, but when she was able to sneak some in, it was a delectable
balance that mom had carefully crafted over years of experimentation and use of single
source beans. 

Yu had a bag from Crawbucks. 

Well, she would have to tell him to buy better coffee in the future. For now, she took the mug
back to her desk in her room. She drank, listened to music, and zipped through her studying.
The coffee took the edge off of her exhaustion and she managed to finish her studies. 

“I’m home,” Yu called out. It was 8:30. “Sorry I’m late. I won’t make a habit of it. Did you
eat?” 

“I’m not very hungry,” Nanako said. 

“Huh, well what am I going to do with these extra croquettes?” 



“…Maybe I’ll have a little bit.” 

Nanako hadn’t felt hungry, but her body disagreed. She ate ravenously. The exertion from
going to the palace was catching up with her. If she was going to keep this up, she was going
to have to make sure she ate properly and regularly. 

“We really need to start buying some ingredients and eating properly. I don’t mind cooking,”
Nanako said. 

“You’re right,” Yu said with a smile. “We’ll make a list for this weekend and go shopping.” 

“And you need some proper coffee.” 

“You drink coffee?” 

“Sometimes. But what you have isn’t coffee. It’s corporate swill.” 

Yu laughed. “I didn’t know you had such strong coffee opinions.” 

“Well, mom really likes the locally sourced stuff. I mean…Crawbucks, really?” 

“It was convenient,” Yu said with a shrug. “I don’t drink a lot of coffee.” 

“Yeah, well, Crawbucks is a subsidiary of Okumura Foods, which owns things like Big Bang
Burger and GoNuts Donuts. Their food sourcing is questionable and their employee practices
are borderline inhumane. I’m surprised the Diet hasn’t decided to take more extreme action
against them,” Nanako said. 

“Still the little avatar of justice…” Yu said, chewing. Nanako looked up. 

“Why would you say Justice?” 

“Huh? Well that’s what you’re talking about, isn’t it? Justice for the planet, justice for the
workers.” 

“Yeah, I guess…” Nanako said. There was no doubt about it, he used the word for a reason -
Margaret had called her the same thing. But she was too tired to figure out how to corner him
in the phrasing. Maybe if she had more guts.

They finished dinner and sat down to watch a little TV. Then Nanako went to take a bath, and
fall into bed.

Pi pi pi.

She picked up the phone and looked at it while she lay in bed.

RYUJI: Hey, Nanako! Ren gave me your contact info. I just wanted to say thanks for having
my back today. 

NANAKO: You’re welcome. 



RYUJI: These powers are something else, huh? I wonder if we can really stop Kamoshida. 

NANAKO: I’m worried. I don’t want to kill him. 

RYUJI: Yeah, I guess I don’t either. I hate that bastard, but I don’t want to go to jail over
him. 

NANAKO: Is what he said in that palace true? About what he did?

RYUJI: Sorta. It’s a long story. 

NANAKO: I’d like to hear it someday, when you’re ready.

RYUJI: Yeah. Okay. Maybe. 

RYUJI: Hey, let’s meet on the roof tomorrow, okay? We have a lot to talk about.

NANAKO: See you there. 

On impulse, Nanako texted Ren. 

NANAKO: You okay? You were pretty hurt.

REN: I’m fine. Morgana’s spell healed it all up. Not a mark out of place.

NANAKO: That’s convenient. He’s quite skilled in that world. I wonder where he goes. 

REN: I’m sure we’ll see him again. 

Nanako thought over her next text carefully. 

NANAKO: If you’re not busy, do you want to check out Shibuya on Saturday? After school?
I haven’t had much time to look around yet. 

There was a pause. A very, very, long pause. 

REN: Sure. 

NANAKO: Okay. We’ll talk about it tomorrow. 

REN: Good night. 

She shut off her phone and snuggled into her pillow.

She wondered how long it would take for her to stop blushing. 



Chapter 47: 4/13 - ????
Chapter Summary

How to use the Compendium.

“You found the Compendium.” 

Nanako sat straight up. She was back in the strange prison, still in her pajamas. The
Compendium Personae sat in her lap. 

“I did…and I think I figured out how to use it. I was able to use another Persona. The
Hierophant?” Nanako asked. 

“Anzu, of the Hierophant Arcana. As I told you, the bonds that you make are the source of
your power. When you forge new relationships, the different Arcana become open to you.
The stronger those relationships get, the more powerful Persona you will be able to summon
from the Compendium,” Margaret said. Her yellow eyes seemed to glow from the shadows of
her cell. 

“The hierophant…is that Yu?” Nanako asked. 

“Yes.” 

“So then I should be able to summon very powerful persona within the Hierophant arcana,
right? Our relationship is strong,” Nanako said.

“Is it?”

The question stabbed into Nanako deeper and more painful than any weapon could. The truth
was, she wasn’t sure anymore. Sure, they loved each other, and Yu would do anything to keep
her safe. Including keeping the truth of her past from her. That hurt a lot more than she
expected. And it had put a strange distance between them. 

“Don’t worry. Bonds can be reforged and made even stronger than before. The Compendium
will grow stronger with you. Study it, absorb its knowledge, and you might even be as strong
as me,” Margaret said. 

“Wait…you can use this?” 

“I can. As an attendant, it is my duty to study and fuse the personas. Once a Compendium is
complete, I have access to its full power,” Margaret said. 

“Well, maybe you should use it-” Nanako said, holding the Compendium out towards her.



“No!” 

Margaret threw herself to the back of the cell. Nanako recoiled, hugging the Compendium to
her chest.

“No. No, you musn’t. I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to startle you…but you musn’t offer that to
me. And you must not let it come within my reach,” Margaret said. Her voice, usually so cool
and even, was desperate and frightened. 

“Why?” 

“If you offered it to me, I would take it. I would use the full power of the Compendium to
break myself out of here and try to beat the game myself. But it wouldn’t work. I know, deep
down, that I don’t have the strength to defeat the cause of all this. That wouldn’t stop me
from trying,” Maragaret said. 

“Okay. I think I understand,” Nanako said, sliding the Compendium behind her back. “Can
you tell me more about what’s going on? What is this game that’s being played?” 

“We have to be careful. The two of us meeting at all is a great risk, and we can’t draw too
much attention to ourselves. The more that I tell you, the more that this place will start to
notice, and then I won’t be able to contact you any more. Let’s just say that you’re a secret
player in this game and by borrowing Yu’s Compendium, you’re going to tip the balance in
the favor of humanity.” 

“Like…the entire human race? That seems…daunting.” 

“And difficult to believe, I know,” Margaret said. “It will make more sense in time. Trust the
journey…and for now, you should go. Be well, Fool of Justice.” 

Nanako woke up. 

=====

SOCIAL LINK RANK UP 

The Fool: Margaret 

Level 2



Chapter 48: 4/14 - Morning
Chapter Summary

Nanako and Ryuji walk to school.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Nanako had two cups of bad coffee at home, and still she felt like she needed one on her way
from school. She allowed herself a small one, since she was worried the tidal wave of
caffeine was going to hit all at once and make her jittery. She waited for it to cool as she rode
the train. 

Was it always going to feel so exhausting to use her Persona?

She wondered how Yu managed to do it. Maybe that was why he always ate strange leftovers
from the refrigerator way back when. 

She got off the station and saw a familiar figure slumped on a bench, dozing. Nanako walked
up to him and nudged his leg with her foot.

“Hey, Ryuji.” 

He sat up, startled. “Ah, what the crap!? Oh, Nanako. Shoot, did I fall asleep? Am I late?” 

“You’re fine,” Nankao said with a smile. “Walk with me and you’ll be on time…and here,
you need this more than I do.” 

Nanako handed him the coffee. He took a sip, then his face contorted into strange shapes.

“Blech, what did you put in this!?” 

“Nothing, I drink it black.” 

“You’re stronger than I am,” he said. He handed her the coffee back. She wiped the opening,
thought about whether she wanted to drink it still, and decided to throw it out. They walked
towards school. 

“It’s exhausting, isn’t it?” she said. 

“Yeah, way more than I thought…you and Ren must be something else.” 

“I’m exhausted too,” she said. “We’ll get used to it though, you know? It’s mostly a mental
strain. The more you practice, the better you get. Like studying.” 



“Ha, I’m shit at studying, so it better not be like that,” Ryuji said with a grin. “But…yeah, I
think I know what you mean. It’s like when I first started running and I could barely make it
around the first lap. Then after a while I did the first lap without thinking about it.” 

Their footsteps fill the air. Nanako moves a little bit closer to Ryuji as other Shujin students
start to appear - not close enough to imply anything, but just to get a little bit more privacy. 

“Hey…is it true what you said in there? About the pipe? Did he really…?” 

“Yeah. Last year the school fixing some plumbing out by the field. That’s where I took my
swing at Kamoshida. He ducked under it, grabbed the pipe, and…well…”

He gestures at one leg. 

“There’s a nasty scar there. Probably be there the rest of my life.” 

“And they still called it self-defense? No offense, but he’s much bigger than you, he didn’t
need a pipe.” 

“Yeah. I was even smaller last year, believe it or not. But, Kamoshida is too important to the
school. And I’m nothing.” 

“You’re not nothing,” Nanako insisted. “And…I’m sorry that happened to you. It’s not
right.” 

Ryuji looked at her for a long moment.

“I think you’re the first person who has ever said that to me, other than my mom.” 

“She sounds like a very wise woman,” Nanako said. 

“Yeah, she’s all right…hey, you said that we would get used to our Personas…does that mean
you’re going to go back?”

“Of course. I don’t know how, but there has to be a way to use it to stop Kamoshida. We can
find a way, if we try hard enough.”

“Well, looks like you were born under a lucky star. Because I know exactly how to use it.” 

Nanako and Ryuji stopped dead in their tracks. They were standing next to a small area with
a vending machine, a bench, and a garbage can. Out from behind the garbage can strode a
black cat.

“Morgana?” Nanako called out. The cat bowed its head.

“Nice to see you again, Nanako.” 

“Holy crap, the cat talked!” Ryuji said. 

“I’m not a cat!” 



“You look like a cat,” Ryuji said, gesturing with both arms. 

“Yeah, well, that’s just because that’s how I look in the real world, okay? Once I’m
transformed back to a human, it’ll all be normal. For now, I’m stuck like this. Look, that’s not
important. I know how to use the palace to change this Kamoshida guy.” 

“For real? Then tell us.” 

“Later,” Nanako said. “We’re going to be late. Morgana, can you meet us on the roof after
school?” 

“Aha, a secret rendezvous. I’ll be there.” 

Morgana leapt back behind the garbage can. Nanako turned and started walking at a quick
pace. 

“Let’s go, Ryuji!” Nanako called back. 

Ryuji grinned and jogged to catch up. 

=====

SOCIAL LINK RANK UP 

The Emperor: Ryuji

Level 1

Chapter End Notes

Hi everybody! Sorry for the delay in updates, I also write novels and I needed to focus
in for a week and get something done. But we're back on track now!

I've been doing a lot of persona research and I came across some YouTube videos by
LadyVirgilia that are really interesting! They talk about the Japanese social and cultural
contexts for Persona 5 and why some things are such a big deal. I've been learning a lot,
and I kinda wish I had watched these ahead of time, but it's still cool, so check it out if
you like to nerd out about that kind of stuff like I do.

Also thanks to everyone for their comments. I read each and every one, and they mean a
lot to me. I try to reply to as many as I can, but I usually don't reply to theories about
where the story is going next because I have a terrible poker face and I don't want to hint
at anything one way or another.

Hope you all have a great day!



Chapter 49: 4/14 - Lunchtime
Chapter Summary

Nanako gets a gift.

“Dojima! There you are!” 

Nanako stopped and spun around. 

“Satoichi Sano, Class 2-A,” Nanako recited, crossing her arms. He had a big broad smile. 

“How’s it going, Dojima-san?” 

“Not bad, Sano-kun. You?” 

“Ah, just excited to see if I got it right. You still have that big old book?” Sano asked. Nanako
nodded, the Compendium was still in her school bag, taking up way too much room. She
hadn’t managed to fix the strap either, so she had to buy a new one this aftenroon. 

“Yes, why?” 

“Get it out,” he said. 

It was the lunch break, and Sano had caught her in the middle of the courtyard on the way to
the vending machines. Nanako walked over to an empty table and set her bag on it, pulling
the Compendium out, though she kept her hands over the title. 

“Here it is! Lay it down over here.” 

Sano set down leather straps on the top of the table. Nanako frowned, but did as she was told,
setting the Compendium down exactly where he told her to put it. He then pulled the straps
around and clasped the buckles. 

“Ha, perfect! Here, now you just put this one over your shoulder.” 

Nanako took the strap and did as she was told.

Then she stood up. 

The Compendium hung at her hip like a messenger bag, the leather straps holding it in place
perfectly, like some sort of fantasy wizard’s magical tome. It was surprisingly comfortable,
considering the weight of the Compendium. 



“You just pull that snap there if you want to open the book while you’re carrying it,” Sano
said. Nanako did so - it fell open perfectly in her hand. When she let the Compendium go it
fell to her side and closed by itself - all she had to do was push the snap back into place. 

“This is amazing!…what is it?” 

“It’s a book strap. Kind of a peculiar old thing that most people don’t use anymore. I’ve
wanted to make one forever, but never had an excuse to do it. But when I saw your
interesting old book yesterday, I knew that I had finally found the perfect recipient for a book
strap.” 

“You made this?” 

“Yeah. My family has a leatherwork shop, and someday I’m going to take it over and be the
greatest leatherworker in the world,” Sano said, setting his hands on his hips in pride. 

Nanako took a closer look at the leather straps. It was beautiful leather, with fine details in
the stitching, and the buckles and snaps meticulously placed. There was a little symbol on the
brass snap, the mark of Sano’s family business.It smelled like new leather too, which she
loved because it reminded her of her dad. 

“It’s beautiful. How much do I owe you?” 

“Oh, no charge. It’s not like you asked for it or anything,” Sano said.

“What? No way. I insist, you can’t just make a beautiful thing like this and give it away to
someone you hardly know. You won’t stay in business very long if that’s how you run
things,” Nanako said. Sano laughed. 

“Ah, I guess you’re right. Still, I wanted to make it. It matches your book. Let’s just call it
welcome to Shujin. You’re a transfer student, right? That will work.” 

Nanako sighed, but it was an amazing strap. This was going to make heading into the palace
that much easier. 

“Okay, I will accept this under one condition. At some point, you will need my help with
something, and you will allow me to repay that favor.” 

He shrugged. “Okay, that’s fine. I could always use more friends.” 

“Is that what we are?” 

“Why not?” 

“You don’t know me that well,” Nanako said. He shrugged again. 

“I just kinda do things, Dojima-san. I don’t think too hard, that’s how I get myself into
trouble.” 

Nanako laughed. 



“Okay, Sano-kun. I guess we’re friends then. I gotta get my lunch now.” 

“Have a good one!” 

Nanako sighed and looked at the Compendium. She felt totally badass with this thing on. 

=====

SOCIAL LINK RANK UP 

Strength: Sano 

Level 1



Chapter 50: 4/14 - After School
Chapter Summary

A team is formed.

“Hey,” Nanako whispered. Ren leaned back. 

“What?” 

“Roof. After school. Morgana wants to talk to us.” 

“Morgana?” 

“Amamiya! Dojima! Quiet down!” The teacher coiled up his arm, readying to throw his
chalk. 

“Apologies, sensei!” Nanako said. “Won’t happen again.” 

This was enough to calm the teacher down, who went on with his lecture. 

Class ended. Ren and Nanako walked into the hall together where they spotted Ryuji waiting
by the stairs. He gave them a nod, then headed up the stairs before the two of them. Soon,
they were on the roof. 

“What’s this about Morgana?” Ren asked. 

“Yeah, he’s coming here now. Nanako and I saw him on the way to school. Oh, and he looks
like a cat.” 

Nanako wandered over to the garden beds. It looked like someone had done a little work on
them since yesterday. Everything seemed nice and healthy. 

Nanako patted a plant on the head. “Good carrot. Keep growing.” 

“Ah, there you all are.” 

The black cat shape of Morgana sprung from the sky and landed on a discarded table. 

“Huh. He really is in cat form,” Ren said. 

“Hey, how come you don’t yell at him for calling you a cat?” Ryuji asked. 

“Because he said I was in cat form. I swear, do we really need this guy?” Morgana asked,
nudging his adorable furry face towards Ryuji. 



“Yeah, we do,” Ren said. Nanako could see just the smallest of looks shared between the
guys, but it was heartwarming. A sort of invisible bro bond was just formed there. 

“If you insist,” Morgana sighed. “Let me explain.” 

Morgana explained the details he alluded to earlier in the day. The “other world” was called
the Metaverse, and the palace was created when someone had strong distorted desires that
influenced their reality. Kamoshida saw himself as king of the school, thus a castle. Each
palace had a shadow version of the palace creator who ruled over it, and while it represented
all the hidden subconscious thoughts and desires of the ruler, it wasn’t the ruler themself:
that’s why Kamoshida had no memory of them being inside the palace. 

But the palace also held the Treasure, the desires of the person. If they removed those desires,
or steal the Treasure, then the desires would fade away as well. This would result in the
person confessing their own crimes. Morgana said there was some danger to it, that if they
weren’t careful that the desire to do even the basic things: eat, breathe, etc., could be taken
away, and the person could die. 

Nanako followed it all pretty well. Ryuji and Ren peppered Morgana with questions, but
Nanako’s mind was working on a different problem.

Why was she different? 

The boys summoned their Personas through their masks, but Nanako used cards, like her big
bro had. She could also use several Personas, while the boys could only use one. Lastly, and
perhaps the most important question, was the Meta Nav. Both Ren and Ryuji had it on their
phones, but when Nanako checked hers, she didn’t have it. 

Was it a boy/girl thing? 

Or did this have to do with Margaret, specifically? She had said she hadn’t meant to be here,
and that she was “cheating.” Did that mean the rules didn’t apply to Nanako? 

No, they did. But they seemed to apply to her slightly differently. 

“What do you think, Nanako?” Ren asked. 

“Hm? Oh, sorry, I was thinking about something else.” 

He smiled slyly. “I see, were we boring you?” 

“No, not at all! Hey, stop teasing me,” she grumbled.

“We were asking if you wanted in,” Ryuji said. “If there’s a way to change Kamoshida and
make him confess his crimes, I want to do it. He’s hurt a lot of people.” 

“You want revenge?” Nanako asked. Ryuji winced.

“I mean, it’s a little bit about revenge, but to be honest, I don’t really care about that. I just
want people to stop getting hurt.” 



“And you, Morgana?” 

“We have an arrangement. I help you guys out, you help me with something I’m working on
in the Metaverse,” Morgana said. 

Nanako looked at Ren. 

“I already know your answer,” Nanako said. 

“Yeah. And I already know yours,” he said. 

They both smiled.

“Okay. I’m in. But there’s a condition,” Nanako said. “What we saw in there isn’t really
evidence. It’s how he thinks, right? So we need to make sure those people are actually getting
abused before we go in and start messing with his mind.” 

“If the cognitions are that strong there’s almost no way that it isn’t happening,” Morgana
said. “Having an idle fantasy about doing something isn’t enough to create a palace.” 

“It’s still my condition,” Nanako said. “We should be sure. We’re taking justice into our own
hands.” 

“She’s right,” Ren said. 

“Yeah, yeah, fine,” Ryuji grumbled. “I guess I remember the faces of the people we saw in
there. We could go around and ask them, do some digging, ya know?” 

“Okay. We might be able to find more clues in the palace as well. Should we go in and look
around?” Nanako asked. 

“I thought you wanted to be sure,” Ren said. 

“I do, but doesn’t mean we can’t poke around in there. Nothing really happens unless we grab
the Treasure, right?” 

Ren narrowed his eyes, examining her.

“Why do you want to go in so badly?” 

Nanako felt herself blushing.

“I-I got this cool thing to hold my book and I wanna try it out, okay?!” 

Ren laughed. 

Ryuji pulled out his phone.

Beginning navigation. 



Chapter 51: 4/14 - Palace of Lust
Chapter Summary

Guns and Codenames

“Oh hey, what’d you end up getting me?” Ryuji asked Ren. 

“Oh, right, here you go.” 

He handed Ryuji a shotgun. 

“What the heck?” Nanako asked. 

“What? The last fake gun I got worked well cause of the cognition, right? So why not bring
more?” Ryuji asked. 

“I got a couple extra, if you want one,” Ren said. He reached into the bag and set out a couple
of other handguns. Nanako walked over and examined them. 

“Pfft, come on dude, just give her whatever’s the easiest, she’s a girl, what does she know
about guns?” 

Nanako picked up the semi-automatic and went through the process of checking it with
practiced ease and precision. She then held it up in a proper firing stance and looked down
the sights. Satisfied, she replaced it on the ground and did the same thing with the other gun -
revolver. 

“Hm, this is like the New Nambu M60, the standard police sidearm. But I always preferred
the SFP 9-M that the Self Defense Force uses. Heftier gun and bigger kickback, but the
accuracy is more reliable if you can handle it,” Nanako said with a sweet smile. “You have
holsters?” 

“No, sorry,” Ren said.

“It’s okay, I have a guy,” Nanako said. “Better skip the gun for today, though. Keep it for
me?” 

“Sure.” 

Ryuji moved closer to Ren.

“She’s scary, dude…” 



“Told you, her dad’s a cop.” 

“By the way, there’s something else I’ve been thinking about,” Morgana said. “We need code
names.” 

“Haha, yes, badass!” Ryuji said. 

“Why?” Nanako asked. 

“Well…it’s true that the Kamoshida in the real world doesn’t know what happens in the
palace, but it’s still part of his subconscious. If we keep yelling your real names out there, it
might make him suspicious. I’m not sure, but I think it’s better to be cautious.” 

“Makes sense,” Nanako said. “I’m in agreement.” 

“Okay, okay, I’ll be…Breaker!” Ryuji said. 

“No,” Nanako said. 

“Lame,” Morgana said. 

“Ghost Master?” 

“Are you a villain from Neo Featherman?” Ren asked. Nanako laughed. 

“Fine, fine, gotta keep it simple, like….Skull,” he said.

“That’ll work,” Ren said.

“Yeah, I like it,” Nanako said. “What about you, Monamona?” 

“Mona?” Morgana said, confused. Nanako clasped her hand over her mouth. 

“Oh no! Sorry! I…I just thought earlier when you were in your cat form how cute you were,
and if you were a real cat, I’d probably name you Mona. I’m sorry!” 

“I kinda like it,” Ren said. “It’ll catch the enemy off guard, thinking you’re cute and
harmless, when in reality you’re cunning and dangerous.” 

Nanako wasn’t sure if Ren believed that or not, but it seemed to do the trick for Morgana. He
stood up a little taller.

“Okay, Mona it is. And you, you’ll be Joker.” 

“Joker? Isn’t that sort of goofy?” Ryuji, or rather Skull, asked. 

“Not at all. The Joker is the wild card in a game. It’s the card that represents the trickster.
And someone like our leader here is definitely going to be like that.” 

Nanako thought about what Morgana, or rather Mona, was saying. That was a pretty good
description of Ren - someone you underestimated, but could surprise you and fill any role at



any time. 

“It fits,” Nanako said. “What about me?” 

“Angel,” Joker said.

“Yeah, definitely,” Skull added.

“No doubt,” said Mona.

“Wait, what? Angel? Why?” 

The three boys looked at each other, confused. 

“I mean…the wings, right? It’s pretty obvious.” Skull said. 

“What wings?” 

“When you summon your Persona,” Mona said. “Have you not noticed?” 

Nanako frowned, then held out her hand. “Izanagi.” 

Instead of looking up at her Persona, she look at herself. Like the others, there was a glow of
blue fire around, but there was also something glowing out of her back - the blue outline of a
wings. They weren’t exactly angelic in the way she had seen them drawn, with feathers, but it
had more of a dragon quality to it. Still, she did get a sense of heaven when she looked upon
them.

The Persona faded as Nanako was hit with a wave of dizziness.

“Persona change - Sraosha!” Yu cried. A being with the same wings appeared above him,
while the red demon and the white T-shirt held her tightly.

“Nanako?” Joker asked. 

“I’m fine,” she said. The memory faded, as it did before. Why she had the wings of Sraosha
behind her, she didn’t know, but it seemed like it would be important. Something she would
have to ask Margaret. 

“Angel is fine,” Nanako said. 

“Great. And we’re all disguised so….well…” Skull motioned at Nanako. “You’re not.” 

“Yeah, I wonder why,” Nanako asked. Mona shook his head.

“I haven’t been able to figure it out either. But at the very least, you should wear something
other than your school uniform next time.” 

“Right, that’s fine. I’ll be prepared.” 

Joker strode to their infiltration point.



“It’s showtime!” 

***

They pushed into the palace a bit deeper this time.

They were cornered in a banquet hall, with a half dozen shadows covering the exits. There
was no other choice than to fight their way through.

“Captain Kidd!” Skull yelled. The Pirate Persona appeared and crashed its hull into the neck
of a knight, pressing it hard against the stone wall. With its prey pinned, Captain Kidd
pointed his arm cannon and released a long jolt of lightning. 

“Behind you!” Nanako cried out. She jumped onto the long banquet table and charged down
the length of it. A little tree sprite was prancing its way towards Skull, magic gathering
around its body. Nanako managed to get within striking range.

She grabbed the book strap. 

It was long enough so that she could spin herself, gather up a lot of speed and power, and
then swing the Compendium into a Shadow. The first time she had done it, she had worried
about damaging the book. But the Compendium was obviously not a normal book, and no
matter how many times she beat a Shadow with it, it was unaffected.

A strange weapon, but it would do. 

The sprite stumbled back. While it was disoriented, Skull spun around, leveled his shotgun,
and fired. The shadow melted. 

“Thanks, Angel.” 

“You got it, Skull.” 

The code names were still taking some getting used to. Especially Nanako’s. Every time one
of the boys said it, it sounded like a pet name. Especially when Ren called it out.

“Angel, Skull, to your side!” Joker yelled. They both turned to look and saw a Pixie hurtling
straight at them. Nanako unsnapped the Compendium and flipped the pages with one hand. 

“Anzur, come forth!” 

Izanagi’s card went into the Compendium and Anzur’s came back. She squeezed it
immediately, summoning the flying beast. 

“Garu!”

Anzur released the wind, but not at Pixie. Instead, she had targeted it just below herself and
Skull. The green energy swirled upward in a spiral, carrying them up to the ceiling. There
was a chandelier up there made of iron bars and candles, and more than sturdy enough to
carry their weight. Both she and Skull grabbed it and watched as Pixie missed her attack. 



“Nice move,” Skull said. “But a little warning might be nice next time!” 

“You gotta keep up, Skull,” she said with a wink. 

Pixie’s attention was drawn up, watching Nanako and Skull at the ceiling, which was a
mistake. Joker slipped beneath her and performed a backflip kick, connecting into the base of
her chin. Nanako didn’t even know Joker could do a backflip kick, but there it was. Pixie lost
her control and crashed to the table. 

Joker drew his gun and stood over her. Nanako and Skull summoned their Personas and used
them to lower themselves to the ground. 

“Yes, this is what I was talking about,” Mona said. “The shadows themselves have their own
mind. Now we can press her for money, useful items, or information.” 

“Please, don’t kill me!” Pixie said, kneeling on the ground, her face in her hands. 

“Be careful with what you say. If you get her riled up, she’ll go in for a last ditch attack,”
Mona explained. 

“We need what you know about the palace,” Joker commanded.

“Like I would tell you that,” Pixie said, spitefully. “I don’t like being told what to do.” 

“Neither do I,” Joker remarked. 

“Really? Huh,” Pixie said. “Wait a second…I remember now…I’m not a shadow…”

“Wait, what?!” Mona said. 

“I am thou. Thou art I,” Pixie said. 

And then the impossible happen.

She transformed into a glowing version of Joker’s mask, and then merged with the mask on
his face. 

“No way…did that Shadow just become your Persona?” Skull asked. 

“No. Added to,” Nanako said. “Right?” 

Joker shut his eyes, as if concentrating.

“Yeah…I can feel it…a different power. But I still feel Arsene, too.” 

“No way. This is amazing. I found three strong Persona users, and two of them can wield
multiple Personas! I really am incredible,” Mona said, proud of himself. 

“All right! Now Kamoshida really has no chance! Come on let’s go kick some more…
oof…” 



Skull leaned against the table. 

“We shouldn’t push it,” Nanako said. “We’ve gotten further this time than before, but Skull
isn’t used to his power yet.” 

“I agree. We should head out,” Joker said. 



Chapter 52: 4/14 - Evening
Chapter Summary

Plans for the next day.

The most nerve-wracking part of the evening was arriving home.

Yu had gotten home before her, the first time since she’d moved in. He was pleasant and
smiling and curious about how things were going at school, and immediately gave her the
money to buy a new school bag when he realized that the strap on hers was broken. 

He’d stood there, fiddling with the straps, wondering if he could fix it, all the while the
Compendium and a gun were inside it. 

Well, not a real gun, of course, but it looked surprisingly real and it wouldn’t be a great start
to that conversation.

But he didn’t open the bag, and she had managed to skim by. They ate, they watched a little
TV, and now Nanako was finishing her studying for the day. 

Pi pi pi. 

RYUJI: Man I’m so beat. I don’t think I’ve been this tired in forever. 

NANAKO: We will need to pace ourselves in the future. We have time to work on
Kamoshida, so let’s use the palace to train. 

REN: Morgana says he has a different idea for that. 

NANAKO: He’s with you?

REN: He’s decided to stay with me for now. 

Nanako found herself a little disappointed in that. It made sense that Morgana would need to
stay close to the team if they were going to keep working together, but she kinda hoped that
he’d want to live with her. She liked cats…

RYUJI: That’s convenient, can we go tomorrow? 

REN: I’ve been thinking about our need for evidence, though. Tomorrow’s the volleyball
tournament, a good chance to ask around, right? 

RYUJI: Oh, right. Forgot about that. Yeah, you and I will ask around. 



NANAKO: I can help too.

REN: No. You have an “in” don’t you? You tried out for the team. Tomorrow would be a
good chance to talk to some of the people you know.

Nanako thought about that. She didn’t really “know” anyone, and other than Kamoshida
himself, nobody had encouraged her to join the team. But, playing volleyball would be pretty
motivating and inspiring to some people, so it wouldn’t be out of place for her to do that. 

She wondered if this was still Ren secretly trying to protect her by keeping them dissociated.
It was hard to know. Using her already established relationship to the team made sense and
was a good move, but it also conveniently meant that she wouldn’t be seen with him at
school. 

It was probably both. An elegant solution that got everything he wanted all at once and didn’t
give Nanako a lot of room to argue.

Or maybe he wasn’t thinking about her at all. 

NANAKO: Okay. I don’t really know anybody that well, but I’ll give it my best shot. 

RYUJI: All right! Getting closer and closer! Let’s meet up after school on the roof. 

NANAKO: See you then.

REN: Good night.

Nanako set her phone down. Just then, there was a small tap on her door. 

“You got a minute?” Yu called through the door. Nanako looked around to make sure the gun
and Compendium were safely put away, then answered that he could come in. 

“Hey. I uh…I should’ve asked this before, but I didn’t want to pry. How did things go with
your friend?” 

“Oh. Um.” Nanako suddenly felt embarrassed. 

“You don’t have to talk about it if you don’t want to. Just wanted to make sure you knew you
could, if you wanted.” 

“Thanks, big bro. It’s going…surprisingly well? It’s hard to explain. It wasn’t what I
imagined, but it’s been…interesting.” 

Yu smiled. “That’s good. I’m glad for you.” 

“Yeah.” 

He stood there. She sat there.



“Was there something else?” Nanako asked. It seemed like Yu had something specific he
wanted to talk about. Was it about the other day?

“No. No, no, that’s it. Good night.” 

“Night,” she said to him. 



Chapter 53: 4/14 - ???
Chapter Summary

Nanako asks questions.

Nanako became aware of the prison cell and sat up. 

“Oh good, I had questions!” she said. The Compendium and its strap had materialized with
her in this strange world, settled perfectly on her shoulders. Margaret looked amused.

“Well, our connection goes both ways. It doesn’t surprise me you willed yourself here.” 

“The Compendium seems unusually sturdy,” she said. Nanako knelt a good distance away
from Margaret and her cell, but slipped the strap around so it would settle on her lap. 

“Yes, it has special properties. It’s not supposed to leave the Velvet Room. It behaves
differently both in the real world and the world between dreams and reality.” 

“So I can’t break it?” 

“It’s very unlikely…why do you ask?” 

Nanako wondered if she should tell Margaret she was using her gift as a blunt battering
instrument. She decided against it. 

“Just wanted to make sure. The other thing strange about it is that…people don’t seem to
notice it.” 

“What do you mean by that?” 

“Well, the person that made this strap, for example. He saw the Compendium, held it,
measured it. He even matched some of the decorative aspects of it to match the
Compendium’s cover. But he never asked about what it was. Ryuji and Morgana have noticed
me using the Compendium and summoning Personas out of it, and they’ve commented that
my power is different, but they never ask more than that.” 

“Again, special properties. Though many can wield the power of the Persona, only a rare few
have the trait of being a Wild Card, a person who can wield multiple personas. The
Compendium is a tool meant to aid the Wild Card, and as such, it makes itself unimportant in
the eyes of others. As you say, they acknowledge it, but it just seems to slip their mind.”

“What about my bro?” 



“He’s a Wild Card, so he’ll see it. I take it you didn’t ask his permission to borrow it?” 

“It’s…complicated,” Nanako said. Margaret nodded. “Will Ren see it?” 

“If he is a Wild Card, then yes. Don’t tell me if he is or not. The less I know, the better.” 

“I understand,” Nanako said. “I don’t suppose you could explain why my power is different?
Or what it is I’m meant to do?” 

“The Journey of the Fool is a journey. I can guide you, but I cannot instruct you.”

“Can not, or will not?” Nanako asked. Margaret smiled. 

“Both. But don’t worry, I am on your side. We need to win.” 

Nanako stood, her questions answered. She was about to reach up towards the ceiling and
head back to reality, when one more idea struck her.

“Margaret…why did my big bro have the Compendium if it’s not supposed to leave the
Velvet Room?” 

Margaret’s smile changed from cunning to nostalgic, maybe even a bit embarrassed. 

“A selfish desire to be remembered,” she said. “But that’s a story for another time. Good
luck, Nanako.” 

Nanako woke up. 



Chapter 54: 4/15 - Afternoon
Chapter Summary

Nanako talks to Shiho.

Nanako did okay at the volleyball tournament. Okay enough that her excuse of being
“interested in volleyball” wouldn’t be that far-fetched. 

Still, she was nervous.

She supposed she could talk to anyone on the volleyball team, but there was really only one
effective, logical choice. If anyone knew anything about Kamoshida and abuse, it would be
Shiho Suzui, the star player. The one that hated her. 

And…perhaps the one that would defend Kamoshida at all costs. 

But Nanako could feel it in her gut. This was the right move, even though it was the one
move she didn’t want to make. She wasn’t sure why she was so intimidated by her - it’s not
like Suzui went out of her way to find Nanako and bully her. She had just terrorized her once
on a volleyball court, and that was it. 

Since then, Nanako had fallen into another dimension, awakened a Persona, and literally
battled for her life.

So why did this stress her out? 

It was an interesting question, and she felt like if she could find the answer, she might learn
something about herself. But now wasn’t the time. She had to face this challenge head on.
For Ren’s sake. No, for the sake of the whole team. 

“Hi, Suzui-san,” Nanako said. Nanako had managed to catch her at the vending machine
courtyard just as she was entering it, hoping that it would be a good place to have a private
conversation. Maybe if there wasn’t anyone around to watch she wouldn’t feel bully her.

Except, Nanako had calculated wrong. There was someone already sitting on the bench -
Takamaki. She looked up form her phone, a little surprised. She said nothing, just watched. 

“What do you want?” Suzui asked. 

“Ah, I just wanted to know your thoughts on the volleyball team,” Nanako said. “I had a lot
of fun today at the tournament, and I know that I’m not very good, but I’d still like to be part
of it. Even if I don’t get to play in any games, I still need a club for my applications, you
know? Do you think the team would-” 



“No,” she said shortly. “Goodbye.” 

Suzui sat down next to Takamaki and made a deliberate effort to turn away from Nanako and
only face her. Nanako frowned.

“You didn’t hear my question,” Nanako pointed out.

“It’s just a no, dear. Whatever it is you think you can get out of this team, out of me, out of
this school, it’s no. You can’t cut it, so give up.” Suzui’s words spat out like hot acid and were
quickly melting away the guards around Nanako’s heart. She tried to focus on the task at
hand, on Kamoshida.

“Shiho…?” Takamki said, looking a little confused.

“Sorry Ann, one second.” Suzui turned back to Nanako. “Look. This team is amazing. It goes
places, and it’s my ticket into a good university. Having someone like you on it is going to
drag us down. I told you all of this before. Now give it up.” 

“Kamoshida-sensei said he would give me personal training in order to catch up. Surely if
he’s offering that then I must not be that hopeless, right?” 

That was the right move. Nanako watched as Suzui’s face contorted into a stricken panic. It
took her a moment to shape her face back into a placid stare. 

“He said that to you?” 

“Yes. Twice, actually. I was thinking of taking him up on it.” 

“Well, don’t. He’s just being nice.” 

“You can’t really stop me though, can you?” 

“Can’t I?” Suzui stood up abruptly and got right in Nanako’s face. “Cause you won’t be able
to play volleyball with a broken hand.” 

“Shiho!” Takamaki called out. 

“You’re nothing special, Dojima.” 

Nanako wanted to stand there and take it - to be cool and arrogant and unphased by the threat.
But she couldn’t. Whatever nerve she had summoned up was gone now. Nanako instead
looked at the ground, focusing on holding back tears.

“R-right. You’re right. I’m sorry. I won’t bother you again.” 

She turned and ran. 



Chapter 55: 4/15 - After School
Chapter Summary

Rooftop Meeting.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

“Wow, I didn’t know Suzui had that in her,” Ryuji said.

School was over and the team was gathered on the roof. After the boys told her about their
adventures, Nanako told them about her conversation with Suzui. 

“What do you mean?” Nanako asked. 

“Well, it’s not like I know Suzui that well or anything, but we did go to middle school
together. She always seemed really nice and pleasant. Guess Kamoshida’s ways have started
to taint her,” Ryuji said. 

“Are you sure about that?” Ren asked. 

“What do you mean? It makes sense, she’s his number one star, of course she’s going to
protect him. Hell, it wouldn’t surprise me if she did some of the abusing herself,” Ryuji said.

“You just said she was a nice girl,” Morgana pointed out.

“Yeah, was. Maybe Kamoshida really messed her up, you know?” 

“I don’t think so,” Nanako said. “I think…maybe she’s trying to protect me.” 

“Eh? How’s that work?” Ryuji said.

“If there is abuse going on, the best way to protect me from it is to stay off the team, right?
Maybe she’s trying to scare me away. It would explain the look she gave me when I said that
Kamoshida had invited me for personal trainig,” I said. 

“I think you’re onto something,” Ren said. “Do you feel like there’s enough evidence now?” 

Nanako thought about this. Ren was pointing out, in an oblique way, that it was she who was
demanding the evidence and holding up their operation on Kamoshida. Nanako wouldn’t
move forward without probable cause. Then again, she didn’t have the Meta-Nav, which
meant that they didn’t need her to agree. If they went in without her, she couldn’t stop them.



And who would she tell? The police? What would she tell them, that Ren and Ryuji had an
app that let them go into Kamoshida’s mind? And that a talking cat helped them? 

He was asking because he wanted her to go with them. And he didn’t want her to be
uncomfortable about the choice. The thought made her feel a little warm inside. 

“We have some physical evidence of the abuse, and some really odd behavior from the club
members. We have Kamoshida actively trying to recruit me, even though I’m a below
average volleyball player. And we have what we’ve seen in the Metaverse. It’s not like that’s
admissible in court, but technically what we want to do is outside of the law anyway. I feel
like if we don’t do something…something bad could happen. Really bad. So I’m in.” 

“All right! Tomorrow, then?” Ryuji asked.

“Yeah. Tomorrow. I need to get home. The place I’m staying is keeping a tight watch on me,”
Ren said. 

“Right, see ya then.” 

Morgana leapt into Ren’s bag and he strode off of the rooftop with Ryuji not far behind.

Nanako stayed on the roof. 

Where was Ren staying, anyway? He had said with a friend of his family, but what was his
living situation like? Were they treating him well, or like some sort of convict because of his
criminal record? 

What did he really think of her? That’s what it all came to, didn’t it?

Nanako didn’t want to go home yet. There were too many feelings and thoughts swirling
around inside of her. None of them had a good shape or form or purpose to them, and if she
went home with her mind and heart this muddled, she’d just numb it. She’d eat. Watch TV.
Talk to Yu. Study. Sleep. And then it’d all be swallowed up, bottled away somewhere inside
of her. 

And then it would come back and try to crack through at the worst time, like when she was
talking to Suzui. 

She walked around the rooftop a bit, hoping that movement would make her feel better. She
saw the planters, and noticed that a little watering needed to be done, and some dead leaves
cleaned off of the tomato vines. She looked around for some gloves, then started to work. 

She wasn’t sure how long she was gardening before she heard the doors open.

“Oh! So you’re the one who’s been working on the garden!” 

Nanako hopped to her feet with a yelp, spinning around. Standing at the door was a girl in a
Shujin PE uniform. She had fun, floofy hair and a kind voice, and had a “3” on her uniform,
indicating that she was a third year. 



“A-ah, yes! I’m sorry senpai, I didn’t know this was yours. I promise, I won’t touch it
again.” 

“No, no, that’s not it at all! I’m actually glad. I’ve been very busy lately, and I haven’t had as
much time to care for the garden. I actually was worried that the seedlings I brought up were
going to die, but then I came up and saw they were already planted. Did you do that, too?” 

“Yes,” Nanako said. 

“You did a great job. I really appreciate it, you saved them.”

“Oh. Well, you’re welcome, senpai. My name is Dojima. Dojima Nanako.” 

“It’s nice to meet you, Nanako-chan. I’m…” the girl paused. “Haru.” 

“It’s nice to meet you too, Haru-senpai. Just um…Haru? No family name?”

“I’d rather you just call me Haru,” she said with a bright smile. “If you’re not busy, would
you like to help out a little more?” 

“Yes, I’d like that a lot,” Nanako said. 

The two worked diligently. One of the planters had completely died out and needed to be
restarted. They dug the soil out and placed it in buckets and put new soil in. Then they
aerated it.

“I haven’t picked out what to plant here yet, so that’s enough for today. Do you have any
favorites, Nanako-chan?” 

“Oh. Um. Not really. I’m not much of a gardener.” 

“That’s not true at all, you’re quite good. You’ve never gardened before?” 

“Just a little one back home,” Nanako said. “We used to grow some food on a patch of land
next to my house.” 

“Oh, so you must be a transfer student, I wondered why I didn’t recognize you. Where are
you from originally, if you don’t mind me asking?” 

“Inaba,” Nanako said. Haru smiled.

“I’ve been there! I stayed at this place called the Amagi Inn, do you know it?” 

“Yes, I know the manager, actually. She’s a good family friend.” 

“Wow, what a small world,” Haru said.

“It’s more that Inaba is a pretty small town. I think I know almost everyone there,” Nanako
said. Haru sighed dreamily.

“That sounds sort of nice, actually…” 



She stared at her garden, thinking. Nanako realized then that she felt a lot better about before.
Not that she had really had any answers, but somehow working on the garden had given her
some structure and order to her heart. 

“Haru-senpai…do you think I could help out again sometime?” 

“Really? That would be great! I would heartily welcome a new member to the Gardening
Club.” 

“Oh, it’s a whole club?” 

“Well, technically yes. But I’m the only member,” Haru said with a laugh. “I guess that
makes you vice-president, Nana-chan.” 

Nanako jolted at the sound of the word. Haru looked concerned.

“Oh, I’m sorry, do you not like that nickname?” 

“No, no, it’s fine. I have a friend who calls me that, but I haven’t seen him in a while. But it’s
a nice name, if you really want to call me that.” 

“Okay, then Nana-chan it is. I hope that we’ll be good friends too,” Haru said. 

“I could use a friend,” Nanako admitted, surprised at her honesty. 

They exchanged contact information, and Nanako left Haru to clean up. 

====

SOCIAL LINK RANK UP 
Hermit: Haru

Level 1

Chapter End Notes

I'm giving Haru some sweet sweet screentime.



Chapter 56: 4/15 - Evening
Chapter Summary

Working on those stats.

That evening, Nanako and Yu made a list for shopping for Sunday, then ate dinner. After, Yu
went into his home office to do some work, leaving Nanako to herself. Tired of studying, she
decided to watch a little TV. There were two shows she was interested in. The first was
“Young Life”, a fashion show that talked about the latest fashion trends and how to get
attention. Nanako felt like she could learn to be a bit more charming if she watched it. The
other was the new episode of Phoenix Ranger Featherman, which she felt would inspire her
guts. 

She selected her choice with the remote. 

“No matter what you say to us, the fire in our souls can’t be extinguished!” 

“If you put it out with despair, we’ll rise up from the ashes!” 

“Blazing a path in the sky to inspire the youth of tomorrow - that is our way!” 

“Ultimate Combination Form: Rainbow Phoenix Crusader!” 

Nanako went to bed feeling a little gutsier than before. 



Chapter 57: 4/15 - Night
Chapter Summary

The dream.

“I’ll save her…just like the rest!” 

“Let her go!” Yu yelled. 

“I’m a hero…I’m a night in shining armor!” 

Shadow energy rushed in around her. 

“Big bro…I can’t breathe…!” 

“Nanako! I won’t this guy hurt you, I promise!” 

Nanako felt herself rise into the air, now firmly in the grasp of the red demon. His hand was
made of shadows, and she felt the same ichor-like sensation from its “skin” that she did when
she struck the shadows in Kamoshida’s palace. 

Kamoshida? Who was…? 

No. This wasn’t Kamoshida. This was Namatame. 

Where…? 

Nanako tried to focus. This felt important, and she needed to watch it carefully. 

“Don’t rush in!” Naoto called. Nanako looked down, watching as Yu charged ahead, sword in
hand. Namatame raised his other hand and blasts of flame tornado towards Yu. The blasts
impact the ground, and the world is filled with heat and smoke. 

“Bro!” Yosuke yelled. 

But Nanako wasn’t afraid. She could see the eyes glowing through the smoke - a Persona of a
man whose limbs and head ended in flames. 

Saturnus. She didn’t know how, but Nanako knew the name. 

Namatame extended his power again, and a strange circle appeared above Yu’s head - a circle
similar to the one floating behind Namatame’s shadow form. Yu suddenly stopped his charge
and turned around. 



“Bro, what’s going on!?” Yosuke called out, charging to keep up with him. 

“No…Yosuke…guys, run!” 

Saturnus erupted a massive blast of fire. Yukiko yelled, rushing forward with fan in hand. She
skid right in front of Yosuke and made a slicing motion with the fan. 

“Konohana Sakuya!” 

The beautiful phoenix woman appeared, spreading its wings. It flourished the wings,
gathering up the fire aimed at Yosuke and drawing it into its chest, absorbing it. 

“Thanks,” Yosuke called over. 

“Senpai, what the hell are you doing!?” Kanji yelled. The massive form of Take-Mikazuchi
charged with powerful, lumbering steps, its lightning bolt weapon brandished above his
head. 

Yu released Saturnus and immediately snapped another card that appeared from nowhere:
Arahabaki. The pot-like Persona simply stood and summoned a protective barrier. Take-
Mikazuchi slammed its lightning bolt against it, blow after blow, but couldn’t break through.
Kanji winced and retreated. 

“He’s controlling senpai somehow!” Rise called out. 

Nanako shut her eyes. 

Then she opened them. 

The battlefield was gone. Big bro, his friends, Namtame, they were all gone. When Nanako
stood up, she was tall again - no longer the little girl. 

Someone stood in front of her.

It was her as a child. She was turned away from Nanako at first, but she slowly turned
around. 

The child Nanako had yellow eyes.

“Remember…” she said. “You must remember….” 

Nanako woke up. 



Chapter 58: 4/16 - Early Morning
Chapter Summary

Nanako dreams of coffee.

Nanako forced herself to choke down not one, but two mugs of Crawbucks sludge. She
needed the caffeine, badly. Going back to sleep was difficult after she had the nightmare. She
dozed fitfully, always worried that if she slept too deeply that it would come back. 

What did it mean? 

Remember what? 

She knew that the dream wasn’t just a dream. It was a memory, too. 

Nanako yawned. 

“But how much of it is a dream, and how much of it is memory…?” she said to herself. 

“That’s an intriguing sentiment,” a deep voice said. Nanako turned around. It was the blue-
haired boy from her first day of school. He wore a white uniform from a school called Kosei
Academy. 

“Oh, sorry, I didn’t mean to say that out loud,” Nanako said. 

“Pardon my intrusion,” he said politely. “But thank you for saying it. I shall ponder on it all
day. Excuse me.” 

The boy bowed his head slightly and then vanished into the commuters. Nanako trudged her
way to the train platform and waited for the next train into school. 

“Hey.” 

Nanako felt her heart rush a little. She sniffed audibly. 

“You smell like coffee,” she said to Ren. 

“Do I? Probably. It’s barely been a week and I already can’t smell it anymore,” he said with a
small smile. Nanako sniffed again.

“It smells like really good coffee.” 

“I’ll bring you some next time.” 



“Would you? Thank goodness. If I have to drink another cup of my big bro’s Crawbuck’s
sludge…” 

Ren laughed. Nanako smiled and looked directly at him for the first time since he appeared
on the platform. 

“You’re not wearing your glasses,” Nanako pointed out. Ren touched his face, realizing his
mistake, and then reached for his pocket.

“No, don’t,” Nanako said. “Just…at least until we get to school.” 

“Why?” 

“I don’t know,” she said, honestly. Ren lowered his hand. 

The train came to a stop and they got on together. Miraculously, there were two seats, and
they took them. They listened to the train run along the tracks while the TV spouted off some
more news about the most recent subway crash. 

“You look tired,” Ren said. 

“I didn’t sleep well.” 

“Me neither.” 

They were silent some more. But Nanako wasn’t worried about the silence, for some reason.
It wasn’t awkward. It was comfortable. At least, from her perspective it was. She stole a
glance at Ren without his glasses - at his gorgeous eyes beneath the pillow of curly hair, at
his fine features. It was a shame he hid behind the mask of his glasses. 

“Are you weirded out by me?” Nanako asked directly. It seemed to catch Ren off-guard.” 

“What do you mean by that?” 

“Do you think I’m…I don’t know, a stalker?” 

“Ah. I was very surprised to see you here. And it is odd that you would intentionally follow
me,” he said.

“Geez, you have to be so honest about it…” 

“You brought it up,” he pointed out. 

“It wasn’t just for you, though. I felt like I needed a change. Life in Inaba was…” 

“Quiet? Boring?” 

“Yes.” 

“Is that so bad?” Ren asked. “To be branded what I’ve been branded…it’s not going to go
away easily. You know how it works around here. Follow the rules. Blend in. Do what



society wants you to do. A quiet life in Inaba, bored because nothing bad happens…that’s
something lots of people would long for.” 

They sat a few moments more.

“That’s not what you long for, though,” Nanako said. 

“It should be. It should be what you long for, after everything you’ve been through,” he said.

“Huh?” Nanako said, surprised. “What do you mean?” 

The train came to a stop and announced the arrival. Faster than her eyes could track, Ren
reached into his jacket pocket and slipped on his glasses.

“Come on. We’ll be late.” 



Chapter 59: 4/16 - Afternoon
Chapter Summary

Suzui.

Chapter Notes

TRIGGER WARNING: This is the Shiho scene and features a suicide attempt. I wrote it
a little more graphically than was portrayed in the game - not grotesque or anything, but
it is a lot more focus on the actual event. If you think reading this event will be harmful
to your mental health, skip to the part where I put ~~~~~ Everything past that is after the
event occurs.

Nanako left class to use the restroom. The coffee had done that to her, she supposed. That,
and the iced coffee she bought at lunch. Now even that caffeine was running out and she was
feeling fatigued again. 

She wasn’t usually one to wander around during class, but she was afraid if she didn’t do
something she was going to drift off right at her desk. Then again, maybe she should just
sleep. If they were going to go into Kamoshida’s palace today, would being hopped up on
caffeine be enough? 

Well, she was already at the vending machine. Might as well buy it, and she could drink it
later if she wanted. She scanned the rows for an energy drink - something called Ultimate
Amazake. She put in her yen, listened to it drop, and then picked up the can. 

She left the little enclave next to the vending machines.

And looked up. 

Why did she look up? She didn’t know. She would never know. Maybe she was thinking
about the flowers on the roof. Maybe she had seen something out of her peripheral vision.
Maybe fate told her to do it. Whatever the reason, she looked up.

Standing on the edge of the roof was Suzui Shiho. 

Nanako dropped the drink. 



Suzui looked surprisingly calm. A placid mask of acceptance was pressed against her visage.
Her knees started to bed.

Nanako ran. 

Her leg muscles, conditioned to jump for the powerful spikes that made her the volleyball
team’s ace, sprung her into the air above the courtyard. In that moment, the peace of her face
shattered and contorted into fear. Suzui’s left arm sprung backward, reaching for the fence. 

She was too far.

Nanako ran.

“Suzui!” 

She could break the fall. Yes, it was going to hurt, a lot. Maybe even permanently. But
Nanako had to do it. She had to try. She ran as fast as her legs could take her. If she could just
get underneath her.

She couldn’t.

Nanako would never forget the sickening thud and crunch of Suzui’s body hitting the
ground. 

~~~~~

Nanako didn’t stop running. She got to Suzui’s side and rolled her onto her back. She put her
ear to her chest.

She was still breathing! 

“Suzui! Suzui, can you hear me? Don’t move, okay? I-I gotta call for an ambulance…” 

Nanako reached for her phone, her hands trembling. Before she could get to it, Suzui’s hand
closed around hers. 

“Dojima…” she whispered. 

“You’re conscious! That’s good. Stay with me Suzui, okay? Don’t let yourself fall asleep, you
gotta stay awake. Focus on how much you hate me, and how bad I am at volleyball. Tell me
everything I do wrong.” 

“I don’t…hate you…” Suzui said. Her eyes were glistening and a little glazed over. “I…
wanted to…”

“Protect me, right?” Nanako said, holding her hand tighter. “You were protecting me from
Kamoshida.” 

“Yes…sorry…you’re not…a bitch…” 



“It’s okay. I understand, I really do. Thank you for caring about me, even though you didn’t
know me…you’re a good person, Suzui. You need to stay alive, okay? Whatever happened to
make you do this, it can be fixed. You need to fight now.” 

“Shiho!” 

Takamaki pushed through the crowd. Nanako hadn’t even realized there was a crowd, she’d
been so focused on helping Suzui. 

“Ann…” 

“Shiho…why…” 

Takamaki leaned forward and listened to Suzui whisper. Nanako couldn’t hear what was
being said, but the expressions on Takamaki’s face said a lot.

“He…he did that…” Takamaki stammered. Nanako held Suzui’s hand even tighter.

“He will face justice, Suzui. I swear it,” Nanako said. Takamaki looked at Nanako, confused.
The crowd burst apart as an ambulance backed into the courtyard. Nanako hadn’t even
realized there was an ambulance. 

“We need someone to ride with her,” the paramedic said. 

“I’ll go,” Takamaki said.

“Me too,” Nanako said. She looked and locked eyes with Takamaki. “If…if that’s okay…”

Takamaki only nodded. They helped the paramedics set Suzui into the back of the
ambulance. Nanako and Takamaki piled into the back seats and waited for the ambulance to
drive.

Takamaki held Suzui’s hand. Suzui was unconscious now, but breathing steadily with the
help of an oxygen mask. 

“Shiho…” 

Pi pi pi .

REN: Are you okay? 

NANAKO: Yes. I’m riding with Suzui. Something happened with Kamoshida, I think. 

RYUJI: We’re gonna find out.

She didn’t know why, but Nanako felt a lot of rage in Ryuji’s text.

NANAKO: Don’t do anything stupid. 

Neither boy answered. It worried Nanako. Maybe she shouldn’t have come on the
ambulance. The boys might need a cooler head to prevail. 



But it was too late now. All she could do was help take Suzui to the hospital, and see this
through to the end. 



Chapter 60: 4/16 - After School
Chapter Summary

Hospitals

Hospitals. 

Nanako had been in too many hospitals. She’d gone to a hospital the night her mom died. She
only remembered flashes of that. She remembered dad crying. She remembered the smell,
more than anything; the smell of a common hospital disinfectant. It was strange, because
every once in a while she would catch a whiff of that same disinfectant and suddenly miss her
mother. 

Dad had been in the hospital too, the year big bro came to live with them. He’d been driving
too fast, trying to stop a bad guy. 

She’d been in the hospital, though she didn’t remember that very well. She didn’t remember
why she was there, other than that someone had tried to kidnap her. 

Nanako shut her eyes and took a deep breath. The dizziness of memory threatened to
overtake her again, and now wasn’t the time for her to lose her focus. The dizziness passed
and Nanako went back to working the vending machine. She picked up the two drinks from
the dispenser. 

“Hey. Which one do you want?” Nanako asked. Sitting on the edge of the waiting room chair
was Takamaki, leaning her elbows on her knees, her head pointed at the floor. She looked up.

“Whichever one’s not carbonated,” she said. Nanako nodded and handed her the lemon tea,
keeping the cola for herself. Nanako sat next to her, and they both drank. 

“Thanks,” Takamaki said. “Shiho’s parents are on the way so…you don’t need to stay
anymore.” 

“What about your parents?” 

“They’re overseas.” 

Nanako nodded and took another sip. “I’ll stay with you until they get here, then. Hospitals
are hard to be in alone.” 

They sat.

“Why are you being so nice?” Takamaki asked. 



“Hm? I mean, I know we’re not friends, but…”

“I mean, to Shiho. I saw how she treated you yesterday. That was…shocking.” 

“I noticed,” Nanako said. “You looked surprised that she said something like that.” 

“I was surprised,” she said. “Very surprised.” 

“Thank you for that. It helped me figure out Suzui’s true feelings,” Nanako said. “She wanted
to protect me from…him.” 

Takamaki nodded slowly. 

“That sounds like Shiho.” 

They sat. 

“This is my fault, you know. I was leading him on, and yesterday he called me and…well I
turned him down. And Shiho was acting so strange today and…damnit, I just knew that
something had happened…I shouldn’t have…” 

“Stop,” Nanako said. “Nothing is your fault. Nothing is Suzui’s fault, either. It’s his fault.
He’s the one that did this. To you. To her. To all of us. He’s the one that should feel bad.” 

“But he won’t,” Takamaki said. “I know him well enough…he won’t. And nothing will
happen to him.” 

Nanako examined the drink in her hand, turning it slowly and watching the light shine off of
the  surface. 

“Sometimes justice finds a way,” Nanako said. 

Takamaki looked up, then stood. 

“Those are Shiho’s parents…” 

“Go to them,” Nanako said. Takamaki nodded and got up, rushing over towards a very
worried looking couple. Nanako focused on drinking her drink, trying not to watch them. It
seemed intrusive for her to watch what was going to be a very difficult moment.

“Excuse me, miss?” A nurse said to Nanako. “You came with the patient from Shujin
Academy, right?” 

“Yes,” Nanako said. 

“The police would like to talk to you. Please follow me.” 

Nanako was worried for a split second, which was strange. Police never worried her. Maybe
it was just the stress of the day getting to her. She knew her rights, though, and she knew all



the standard police questioning techniques. If the police were aggressive or unhelpful, she’d
shut them down right away. 

The nurse led her around a corner, where Nanako saw two figures waiting.

“Naoto!?” Nanako cried. “Chie!?” 

“Nanako-chan?” Chie said, looking just as shocked. “What are you doing here?” 

“I came with Suzui in the ambulance,” Nanako explained. Naoto looked at her cooly from
underneath her cap, a small smile on her lips. 

“Well, this is convenient. Come on, let’s find a place to talk. Are you hungry?” 

“Not especially,” Nanako said. 

“Well, unfortunately Chie can’t operate without a meal every two hours so…”

“Hey!” Chie grumbled. Naoto smirked. Nanako giggled. She suddenly felt a lot better, and
weights she didn’t know she was carrying lifted off of her shoulders. 

They went down to the hospital cafeteria, where Chie did indeed get a medicore looking beef
and rice bowl. Naoto had nothing, and Nanako kept working on her drink. They found a table
in the corner. Chie ate with one hand and impressively wrote things in her police notebook
with the other. 

“Start at the beginning, if you don’t mind,” Naoto said. “Just tell us what you remember.
Don’t leave out anything.” 

Nanako did: about her somewhat antagonistic relationship with Suzui, about going out to the
vending machine, then the jump. Naoto and Chie were silent through the story, save for the
scratching of Chie’s pen, and the chewing she was doing. 

“I’m going to ask you a somewhat difficult question, Nanako. Take all the time you need to
think about and answer it, but I do need you to ansswer it,” Naoto said. “When Suzui-san
stepped off the roof, what was her demeanor?” 

Nanako didn’t need to consider the answer, she knew. But she pretended she did so she could
have a moment to think. 

Something was going on. Chie showing up to be the police officer to question her could have
been a coincidence…but what was Naoto doing here? Technically, she didn’t work for the
police, or any government agency directly. There’s no way she would have been sent here to
discuss a suicide attempt. She was here because she wanted to be, which meant that she was
looking for something. This question was part of that thing she was looking for.

 But what was she looking for? 

“At first, calm. Peaceful. But the moment she jumped, that all changed. She became
panicked, then reached back for the fence, trying to stop herself.” 



Naoto glanced at Chie. Chie finished the last bites of her bowl and nodded. She made a few
final marks in her notebook, then stood up. 

“I’m gonna go call it in,” Chie said. “Be right back!” 

She left, leaving Nanako and Naoto alone. 

“That was a good observtion, Nanako-chan,” Naoto said. “Very astute.” 

“Oh? I just happened to be looking up.” 

“Never underestimate luck when you’re doing investigative work,” Naoto said. “Or did your
investigation days end when you hung up your Loveline cape?” 

Nanako almost cringed at the memory. As a child, she had thought that Yu was being very
suspicious, and ended up dressing up as her favorite anime detective: Loveline, Magical
Detective. She ran all around Inaba in that get-up, and Naoto had helped her along the way. 

“If you’re asking if I’m going to be a police officer, I don’t know. Dad has mixed feelings
about it. He says he doesn’t want me to, but I think there’s part of him that kinda does,”
Nanako said. Naoto folded her hands on the top of the table. 

“When I was young, my grandfather trained me in the ways of the Shirogane Detection Style.
He said that there were three important things every good detective needed: a keen intellect, a
willingness to follow your gut, and a caring heart.” 

“Caring heart?” Nanako said, surprised. 

“Yes. You see, a person with a keen intellect can make all the deductions, put the clues
together and follow the logic…but they’ll never understand why. The heart is necessary in
order for empathy, and empathy can be a key tool in following an investigation to its end.
That was the lesson I learned that strange summer. I had my intellect, and I was pretty good
about following my gut…but my heart needed to be softened, just a little.” 

“Why are you telling me all of this?” Nanako asked. 

“Because you ask questions like that,” Naoto said. “I only worked with your father the one
time, but I was very impressed by his skills. He had those three qualities, and even though he
only had half of the picture of our case, he was still right behind me. He would’ve figured the
whole thing on his own, I think.” 

“He is pretty great,” Nanako said, feeling a swelling pride for her father. 

“I think you may have inherited those skills from him.” 

“Oh. I mean, I noticed Suzui when she was stepping off the building, but that hardly-” 

“What am I doing here, Nanako-chan?” 



The question was abrupt and caught Nanako off-guard. Had she really been that transparent
in her long pause? Or was Naoto testing her? Nanako thought about playing dumb, but
somehow she felt Naoto would see right through that. Nanako opened her mouth to speak,
but Naoto raised her finger.

“Think it all the way through. Don’t spill your conjecture to me, I might use it lead your
thoughts astray.” 

Nanako concentrated. Why would Naoto want to know what Suzui’s demeanor was like? As
far as Nanako knew, it was pretty standard. Many who survive suicide talk about how they
regret it the moment they begin, and they reach out for things or try to save themselves. Part
of the survival instinct kicks in, she supposed. 

But when Nanako told that to Naoto and Chie, they stopped questioning her. They had gotten
the answer they were looking for, and it was a dead-end. So what could Naoto be
investigating? 

“You’re investigating the strange string of mental shutdowns going on in the city,” Nanako
stated. “And you thought maybe Suzui had experienced one. But when I told you how she
behaved, you realized that wasn’t the case.” 

“Very impressive. I knew you had the skills of an investigator inside you,” Naoto said with a
big, prideful smile. 

“How’s it going?” Nanako asked. Naoto shrugged. 

“It is a very strange case. The journey may be long, but we’ll get there in the end…say,
Nanako, did you hurt yourself?” 

Naoto pointed at Nanako’s shoulder. Nanako looked. Her uniform blouse had shifted slightly,
revealing part of her bare shoulder and her bra strap. Beneath the bra strap was a red mark
from the Compendium’s strap. 

Shoot! She didn’t get that badly hurt their last time in the palace, so they didn’t use any heal
spells. What a stupid mistake. 

“My bag broke the other day,” she said. “It’s probably from that.” ‘

“Mm,” Naoto said with a nod. 

“Say, Naoto…” Nanako said, trying to find the courage to ask her question. “You believe in
the law. But…what happens when those who enforce the law turn a blind eye? How is justice
supposed to prevail then?” 

“A difficult question. It’s part of why I never work directly for any government agency. There
are too many rules, too much on the line, too much corruption. As an independent detective, I
can focus purely on finding the truth. That’s how I correct justice, I reveal the truth to
everyone. What happens afterwards is sometimes, perhaps most times, out of my control. But
at least I have revealed it.” 



“So sometimes you have to do what you must, regardless of the law?” Nanako asked. 

“The law only works if the people enforcing it are just. I don’t condone vigilanteism but…
there are many shades of gray along the way.” 

“Thanks, Naoto. Hey, you should come by for dinner soon.” 

“With Yu there?” 

“Of course!” 

Naoto hesitated. “I’m still not sure that’s a good idea just yet.” 

“Why not? Everything at Christmas was great! And I mean…it’s been years now, so…” 

“Thank you for the invitation. I will…think it over.” 

“Okay.” 

Chie returned and promised that she’d come by the house to visit her and Yu soon. The two
women got up. Nanako followed them towards the door.

“Oh, Naoto, one last question, about…” 

Nanako stopped. Naoto had turned and given her a look. A very meaningful look.

Another test? 

She would only give that look if Naoto had figured out what it was Nanako wanted to ask.
Nanako was going to ask about Teddie…but that meant Naoto knew she was going to ask
about Teddie. And this look was meant to stop her from asking because…

Because she was close.

And she didn’t want anyone to casually talk about it, for some reason. 

Nanako just nodded. 

“You should head home soon, Nanako-chan,” Chie said. “It’s getting late. The girl…well,
she’s in a coma right now. I don’t think she’ll be awake for a while, though she’s stable.
She’ll live.” 

“That’s a relief.” 

“Bye, Nanako!” Chie said. 

“See you around, detective,” Naoto said.

They left. 

=====



SOCIAL LINK RANK UP

Justice: Naoto Shirogane

Level 1



Chapter 61: 4/16 - Evening
Chapter Summary

Expulsion

“Expelled!?” Nanako hissed on the phone. “You dummies! I told you not to do anything
stupid!” 

“Yeah, well…he pissed me off,” Ryuji grumbled. He sounded a mixture of embarrassed and
defensive. 

“He’s pissing me off too, but that doesn’t mean you can let your temper get out of control,”
Nanako said. “What are you going to do?” 

“There’s still 14 days,” Ren said, his voice calm and collected as always. “If we can change
his heart before the school board meeting, then we’ll be safe.” 

Nanako was in her room, pacing around the room. She sat down on her bed and held her
pillow in her lap. 

“Is that enough time? I feel like that castle is huge, and we’ve hardly gotten anywhere…”

“Morgana says it’ll be fine. He also wants us to start training tomorrow, he says he has a
place to go,” Ren said. 

“No,” Nanako said. “I want to go to the palace after school. I don’t want to wait a moment
longer. He needs to be stopped.” 

“Yeah, we should go straight in. We’ll be fine,” Ryuji said. 

“Let’s talk about it after school,” Ren said. “We only have half a day tomorrow.” 

“Right. Hey, Nanako, how was Suzui and Takamaki?” Ryuji asked. 

“Not great. Suzui’s in a coma. Takamaki seemed okay. Shocked, mostly,” Nanako said. 

There was a long moment of silence on the phone.

“Right. See you tomorrow,” Ren said.

They all hung up. 



Chapter 62: 4/17 - Morning
Chapter Summary

Nanako makes a special order.

“Sano-san!” 

“Eh? Oh, hey Dojima,” Sano said, stopping his walk into Shujin. Nanako rushed up to catch
up to him.

“Hey, do you think you could make something else for me? It’s uh…kind of a strange
request. I’ll pay you this time, of course,” Nanako said. 

“Sure. Can you drop by the shop after school?” 

“Ah, sorry, I have plans…tomorrow?” 

“Sure. Let’s exchange contact info.” 

They got out their phones and entered the information into them. While Nanako was
finishing the final touches on her entry, Sano looked at her back. 

“Uh, do you need me to make something that’s going to carry all that…?” he asked. Nanako
looked at herself - along with her usual school bag, she had a large duffle bag on her back. 

“Oh, no, that stuff’s just for…club activities. What you’re making is a little more…
specialized. I’d rather not talk about it in public,” Nanako said. Then she regretted her word
choice - why did she say it like that!? That made it sound sketchy! 

“Okay…well, see you later,” Sano said, slipping his phone away and heading into school.
Nanako adjusted the duffle bag on her back. 

She could be so awkward sometimes…



Chapter 63: 4/17 - After School
Chapter Summary

Ann confronts the Thieves.

Saturdays were half days, so school let out around lunchtime. She had remembered that
eating in the Metaverse was important, so Nanako bought some of the ultra-popular yakisoba
bread from the school store. She brought enough for the boys too, and they sat by the vending
machines, fueling up. 

It was weird to be back at the spot where just yesterday she’d seen Suzui jump. The area
where she landed was covered and blocked off. Rumors said that it was covered in her blood
still, though in reality it was probably just covered to keep people from gathering around it. 

The rumors around Suzui’s jump were nasty - and conveniently, none of them had to do with
Kamoshida. The school could be so shockingly cruel. There was no foundation to any of the
rumors, and yet they were told boldly. And the other students just listened and accepted them
as truth. No one ever questioned anything.

Nanako hated it. She wanted the truth to come out so badly. But if she started talking, it
would just be more rumors to add to the pile…worse, it would attract Kamoshida’s attention. 

No. Making him confess with his own mouth would be much better. 

“I still think we should do a little training. If we push too far into the palace when you’re not
ready, you could get seriously hurt,” Morgana pointed out. 

“I don’t think we’re going to be able to get through the whole palace in one day,” Nanako
said. “We have 14 days. Let’s pace ourselves. You said yourself we need to secure an
infiltration route, right? The more times we use the route, the more secure it will be.” 

“That’s true…I still worry about the control over your Personas. Especially Ryuji,” Morgana
said.

“Hey, why especially me!?” 

“What do you think?” Nanako asked Ren. He’d been quiet through the meal and discussions
so far. 

“Someone’s coming,” he said. 

They all turned and looked. Takamaki was striding over to them. 



“I want in,” she said. 

“In what?” Ryuji replied casually. 

“You’re planning on going after Kamoshida, right? Whatever you’re doing, I want in.” 

“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” Ryuji said, a surprising amount anger in his voice.
“Stay out of our way, got it?” 

“But I have to do something,” Takamaki insisted.

“No, you don’t. This is dangerous. You shouldn’t get mixed up with guys like us. Didn’t you
hear, we’re getting expelled.” 

“What about you?” Takamaki said, looking straight at Nanako. “You said yesterday…you
told Shiho that he would face justice. Are you really not going to let me help? She’s my
only…” 

“I…” Nanako stammered. 

“Forget it, Takamaki. Go home,” Ryuji snapped. 

Takamaki glared at him, her eyes glistening with rage-filled tears. After a moment, she
huffed, and walked away. 

“That was a bit harsh,” Morgana said. 

“She can’t come with us, can she?” Ryuji pointed out. “She could die in there, couldn’t she?” 

“Yeah…” Morgana admitted. 

“I hope she’s not too hard on herself…” Nanako said. 

“The only thing that matters right now is taking care of Kamoshida,” Ren cut in. “Let’s go.” 

The team nodded, grabbed their belongings, and headed out of the school. They left through
the front gates and gathered by the alleyway, as they had before.

“Once we’re on the other side, we have to act as phantom thieves,” Morgana said.

“Phantom thieves?” Ryuji asked.

“Those who break into fortresses and stylishly steal treasure. That’s what a phantom thief
is.” 

“Ha, that sounds pretty cool,” Ryuji said. 

“What do you think?” Nanako asked Ren. He didn’t say anything, but adjusted his glasses.
Nanako sighed.

“Just be honest, you love the idea…” 



“All right, Kamoshida, school, and then the keyword, castle, right? Hey, how does this thing
even work?” Ryuji asked, holding his Meta Nav up. 

“I don’t know,” Morgana said. “Sorry, I’ve been thinking about it.” 

“Ah well, who cares, as long as it works,” Ryuji said. “Here we go.” 

“Beginning navigation.”



Chapter 64: 4/17 - Palace of Lust
Chapter Summary

Ann follows.

When reality stopped bending, Nanako dropped her duffle bag on the ground. 

“Okay, time to set up,” she said. 

“Eh? What do you mean?” Skull asked.

“Well, I don’t get all the cool costumes and stuff, so I have to make do, remember? Just need
to-” 

“W-what is this place!? Where’s the school!?” 

“Takamaki?” Skull said. 

The phantom thieves turned. Takamaki stood there, staring up in amazement at Kamoshida’s
twisted palace. 

“That voice…Sakamato? And…Dojima’s here too…what is going on? What is this place?” 

“Try and stay calm,” Morgana said. 

“Ack! A monster cat!” 

“M-monster…” Morgana said sadly. 

“Takamaki,” Joker called out. “Calm down.” 

“You’re Amamiya…what is this? Does this have to do with Kamoshida? What are you going
to do to him?” 

Skull sighed. “No way around it. We’re gonna have to drag her out.” 

“How’d she even get in here?” Nanako asked.

“Probably the same way you do. She must have been standing close enough to get affected by
the Meta Nav,” Morgana said. 

Skull and Joker had to grab Takamaki and take her to the edge of the palace’s border,
promising her that they’d explain everything later. Nanako wondered if Takamaki would
believe them, or if she’d just try to forget the whole thing as a weird dream. 



“I kinda feel bad…” Joker said. 

“What’s with everyone? Dangerous shadows, remember?” Skull said. 

“Okay, turn around,” Nanako said.

“Huh? Wait, what, why?” Skull asked.

“I have to change. Turn around.” 

“O-oh! Right.” 

Nanako summoned up all the ice her voice could muster.

“If any of you moves their head even a millimeter, Izanagi will remove your eyes.” 

“Y-yes, Nanako-san!” Skull said. Then he leaned over to Joker. “Man, she’s so scary…” 

Nanako changed swiftly, using the clothes in her duffle bag, then spent a few moments
fussing with the final touches. 

“Okay, you can look now…ta da!” 

They looked. 

“Huh…that’s another uniform,” Skull said. “I mean it looks nice, but shouldn’t you have
picked something a little more…I dunno.” 

“The point is to make sure his subconscious doesn’t realize Shujin studnets are here, right? If
I’m wearing a different school, then even if his subconscious notices, it won’t matter,”
Nanako said. “Not bad, right?” 

“Clever solution,” Morgana agreed. Nanako looked over at Ren. It was so hard to read him
beneath the mask. Nanako could tell he was a bit emotional, though. Uncomfortable?
Nostalgic? Irritated? 

Nanako knew there would be that risk when she put on her Yasogami High uniform,
complete with black and yellow. But it couldn’t be helped, it was the only thing she had that
made sense. She also wore her big bro’s old glasses, and had the Compendium over her
shoulder. She held her gun loosely in her left hand. 

“Let’s go,” Joker ordered. 

It was getting easier and easier to slip into the castle. 

Although the shadows they destroyed regenerated every day, their behaviors were similar
when they returned. Their patrol patterns, their quiks, even what shaped they morphed into
when the mask was pulled was all the same time after time. This time they were able to make
some good headway through the backrooms. From here, there was a hallway to a heavy door,



a stairway that went up to the second floor, and one that went back down towards the lower
dungeons, where they were originally captured. 

Morgana said that he sensed the treasure in the upper floors, but Joker wanted to check this
one door first. 

“Cover me.” 

He swept down the hallway and made it to the door. Skull and Nanako dove to the edges of
the hallway, each of them pulling their guns. Nanako’s heart was thundering in her chest.

But she was smiling, too.

She…loved this, didn’t she? 

She had tried to avoid thinking about this fact, but with each entry into the castle, the truth
was becoming harder to ignore. When she thought about breaking into the castle, or even
breaking into Yasogami High two months ago, she was hit with a thrill. It was an excitement
that couldn’t be replicated in anything else she did, and she found herself longing for it in
quiet moments. 

It wasn’t because of Ren, she decided, though her feelings for him were definitely getting
mixed up in everything else. It wasn’t because she was helping others, either. Yes, fighting
for justice was good, and it cleared her conscience and gave her the motivation to keep going,
but it wasn’t a thrill. 

The thrill was a thing that existed by itself.

She liked being a phantom thief because it was fun. And she felt a little guilty about that.

But now wasn’t the time to be unpacking that. Right now, she would take the accelerated
heartbeat and the adrenaline and use it to keep her senses sharp. 

“Huh…this is…sort of a weird lock…” Joker muttered to himself. Morgana peeked up at his
work.

“Yeah, this is a castle. You can’t use modern lockpicking tools on old locks like that, the keys
were way bigger.” 

“So there’s a real key to this door?” Joker asked. 

“Yes. The palace works differently from the real world, but it still behaves within its own
rules. If this castle has a key that must unlock a door, then that key also exists. One of the
guards probably has it,” Morgana explained. 

“How are we gonna figure out which one?” Skull asked over his shoulder. 

“Don’t worry about it. I can spot the difference,” Joker said vaguely. Skull looked at Nanako.
Nanako just shrugged. 



“Then let’s move on. If we find the key, we can come back,” Nanako said. 

“Agreed. Let’s go,” Joker ordered.

They slipped down the hall and back to the spiral staircase waiting for them at the end of the
hall. But just before they went to climb the stairs, Nanako stopped.

“Hey, what’s this door?” 

They all turned. There was a door, but its shape wasn’t quite as consistent as the others. It
was distorted, and in the curves of the distortion, it looked like it was a…classroom door?

“Oh, a weak point in the cognition,” Morgana said. “Let’s use it.” 

He hopped up and pulled the door open and the team slipped through. 

The atmosphere in this room was immediately different. First, all of reality seemed to shift,
revealing one of the bland classrooms from Shujin, though Nanako couldn’t make out which
one it was, exactly. Then, when reality came shifting back, the whole room was different. 

The castle architecture was definitely a very classical European castle, with thick slabs of
stone and wrought iron. There was some ornamentation and finery in the form of the
checkered marbled floor and the overuse of red velvet. It was…well, it was a middle aged
man’s definition of powerful and sexy, Nanako supposed. 

This room was nothing like it. Instead, the room was made of smooth white marble with gold
trim. Everything was exquisitely designed with lots of scroll work and ornamentation - it had
a very French feel to Nanako. The floor had beautiful carpet spun of gold and purple, and the
room was significantly brighter than other areas of the castle. 

“We can use this as a safe room!” Morgana exclaimed. “Kamoshida doesn’t have strong
cognition over other areas of the school, like this classroom, therefore his mental control of
the palace is weak in those areas. Shadows won’t come in here, and we can stay and rest as
long as we need to.” 

“Convenient,” Joker said. “And a lot less dreary.” 

“We don’t need to rest though, do we?” Skull asked. “We haven’t fought anyone yet, and I’m
ready to go!” 

“I’m good too,” Nanako said. “We should head to the second floor.” 

“Good. At least we know where we can go if we need to,” Joker pointed out. 

They opened the door from their safe room and started up the stairway. But they only made it
halfway up. 

“Hey! What the hell is all of this!? Is this some kind of messed up red light district!? Let me
go! I’ll call the cops!” 



“Takamaki?!” Nanako said, stopping in her tracks.

“Damnit, I thought we got her out of here!” Skull snapped. 

“Let’s go,” Joker ordered. 



Chapter 65: 4/17 - Palace of Lust
Chapter Summary

Dance, Carmen.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

The door that had been locked was now open. 

A shadow was about to push it shut when Joker’s gun appeared in his hand. 

Blam, blam, blam. 

The shots were precise and well-grouped. The shadow slumped back, melting out of his
armor. Joker threw himself into a flying kick, striking the thick wood of the door and
slamming it hard against its hinges. Skull, Mona, and Nanako were right behind him and
spread out into the room.

“What the hell…” Nanako found herself muttering. 

The whole room was filled with women.

No, not women. Girls. Girls in PE uniforms, in volleyball uniforms, in…well, considerably
less than that. They lay across the plush pink carpet of the room in wanton, lusty positions,
writhing around on the ground in the most seductive poses they could imagine. 

“Is this…what he thinks of the girls on the volleyball team?” Nanako asked herself. 

“Tch, of course it is. That’s why he had no problem raping Suzui,” Skull said. Nanako felt a
new anger burn inside of her, and she unsnapped the Compendium. 

“Not so fast,” the voice of Kamoshida’s shadow commanded. He stepped in through another
door, flanked by two of his own guards. Nanako looked ahead to see that there was a wooden
X staked into the ground and that Takamaki had been fastened to it, her legs and arms stuck
in position. 

“Let me go!” Takamaki yelled.

“What’s going on here?” Kamoshida said, looking irritated as he swiveled his gaze from
Takamaki to the thieves, back to Takamaki again. One shadow stepped forward.



“Your majesty, we found the princess wandering the front of the castle. We thought we’d
escort her back here, but she got really belligerent…and then she started making fun of us
and…” 

“You idiots. You really think a stuck up bitch like this is my princess?” 

The shadows looked at each other, confused. Just then, there was the resounding click clack
click clack of stiletto heels. 

“Oh my gawd, what’s this?”

“Another Takamaki?” Nanako asked. She glanced at the boys.

They were too busy staring. Damnit. Yes, Takamaki looked good in that strange leopard print
bikini that barely covered anything, but this wasn’t the time for that! The second Takamaki
didn’t seem to mind being ogled at. Nor did she seem to mind the cat ears and the little collar
with the bell around her neck. 

“Hey Princess. The guards just thought this….thing, was you.” 

“Eww, for real? Just look at her. Hiding her hot little bod behind all those layers of clothing.
She’s nothing but a child in a woman’s body. You need a more mature lover,” the second
Takamaki said. 

“Is that a shadow?” Nanako asked.

“No. It’s a cognition,” Mona said. “It’s what Kamoshida really thinks of Takamaki.” 

“That bastard!” Nanako snarled. Kamoshida snapped his fingers, and the swords of the
guards came to bear - with one pointed at Takamaki’s chest. 

“Now now, I’m not sure why you people keep trying to come in here, but we’re very busy.
Once I get you expelled, I can turn my attention back to my kingdom, free from usurpers and
enemies of the crown,” Kamoshida said. “This is the part of being king that I really hate -
keeping the insurrectionists at bay. I wish you’d all just leave me alone so I can enjoy the
fruits of my labors…like uh…what was that chick’s name?” 

“You mean me, Master?” 

They all turned. Suzui came strutting out from a side door, clad in a white fur bikini with
more cat ears and a long tail. 

“Ah, there she is. You were a delectable little snack. Nothing like the princess here can offer,
but you satisfied me for a little while.” 

“You bastard! I’ll never forgive you! Ever!” Takamaki’s voice was filled to the brim with
rage. Hot tears of hatred were streaming down her cheeks. 

“Ugh. This one is so noisy. Guards, silence her.” 



The thieves drew their guns all at once. Nanako kept hers trained on Kamoshida’s head,
assuming the firing stance that her father had drilled into her. He just shook his head and
tsked. 

“If you want me to kill her, fine, go ahead and shoot. Do you think you can kill my guard
before his sword pierces her throat? There’s nothing you can do.” 

“You’re right,” Joker called out. Both Skull and Nanako turned, shocked.

“There isn’t anything for us to do. It’s all on you, Takamaki,” Joker said. 

“W-what..?”

“You can’t give in. Remember everything you told me the other day about what Suzui-san
meant to you,” Joker said. “Did those words mean anything to you?” 

“Of course they did!” 

“Then fight! If you don’t avenge her, who will?” 

“…You’re right.” 

“I’ve heard enough of this. Go-” 

Kamoshida was cut off by the sound of a terrified whimper. 

“M-my sword!” 

The guard who had held his sword at Tamaki’s throat watched as the tip of his sword glowed
a bright orange, then started dripping to the floor. Takamaki’s gaze was fixated on the end of
the blade, her eyes yellow.

“Again…” Nanako whispered. 

The guard yelped and dropped his sword, now too hot for him to hold any longer. 

“You’ve pissed me off,” Takamaki said. “And I”m not letting you get away with it for a
moment longer.” 

The bindings at her wrist melted away into more globs of glowing orange. She took a step
forward, aura one of barely contained rage. Blue flame rushed around her face and a crimson
cat mask appeared. 

Takamaki grabbed the mask by the ears and let out a berserker scream. 

Blue flame swirled around her body. A Persona appeared behind her - a woman clad in red
with spiraling black hair. The Persona held onto a pair of chains that served as leashes to two
lovestruck men. 



Takamaki had transformed as well, now clad in slick red leather that clung to every curve. It
was sexy, but also powerful. Nanako was shocked by the effect of it, especially with
Takamaki’s bright blonde hair. 

“Stop them!” Kamoshida yelled as he ran behind a powerful gold-clad knight. Nanako pulled
the trigger and let off three rounds, but the knight raised his shield to deflect them. 

“Skull! Behind you!” Mona yelled. Skull spun around just in time to see one of the girls
laying on the floor leap to her feet and charge straight at him. Shotgun already in hand, he
fired it into her belly and melted it back into Shadow. 

“Izanagi!” 

Nanako rushed towards Skull while Izanagi cut open a path with his sword. It gave Skull just
enough time to back away and grab his mask.

“Captain Kidd!” 

“Everyone, over here!” Joker ordered. 

Captain Kidd fired off another blast of zio energy through the crowd, exploding through the
shadow girls. Realizing they were outmatched, the shadow girls started fleeing for the side
doors. Joker and Mona were ahead, rushing to try and reach Takamaki. 

“Oh my god, what sort of ridiculous- aaah!” 

The second Takamaki was incinerated with a flick of her Persona’s wrist.

“I’m not a cheap toy you can play with, Kamoshida. And neither is Shiho!” 

The cognitive Shiho screamed as well, also incinerated. The golden knight pulled off his
helmet and morphed into his true form: Belphegor, a demon who battled from atop a literal
toilet. His shape was immense and blocked off their access to Kamoshida, who was retreating
into the castle. 

“You ungrateful lass! How dare you turn down the love of King Kamoshida, the one who-” 

“Get out of my way!” Takamaki roared. 

“Never! I am the stalwart! I will stand at the vanguard and protect my liege!” 

“Then you can be the one to receive it,” Takamaki said. She focused her gaze intensely at
Belphegor and her Persona began to dance behind her, a sultry tango for one. 

“Dance, Carmen! Let him have it! My love, my pain, and all of my sorrow!” 

An incredible blast of fire erupted from Takamaki’s Persona. The heat blast was so intense
that Nanako almost lost her focus on Izanagi, who had dropped in front of her to protect her
from the blast. Fire splashed over Belphegor, crawled around him and through him, until it



crashed into the wall behind him. Banners and carpets all caught ablaze and continued to
burn even after Takamaki’s fire attack subsided. 

There was nothing left of Belphegor. 

“N-now…I…”

The Persona vanished and her mask reappeared on her face. 

Joker caught her before she hit the ground. 

“Takamaki, are you all right?” he asked. 

“I feel…”

“It’s okay. The first time takes it out of everyone pretty badly,” Joker said. He adjusted her
weight until she was able to stand while leaning on his shoulder.

“Sorry…wait…what am I wearing?” 

“We’ll explain later,” Joker said. “We better head back.” 

“Yeah, I sense a lot of shadows coming this way,” Mona said. 

“I’ll take the lead, Mona you’re with me. Skull, cover Joker from the rear,” Nanako ordered. 

“Right.” 

“On it!” 

They charged back towards the entrance. 

Chapter End Notes

Bonus points if you name the anime I referenced.



Chapter 66: 4/17 - After School
Chapter Summary

The thieves regroup.

“I hope you liked the lemon tea,” Nanako said. She held out the vending machine drink
towards Takamaki. 

“Yeah, thanks,” she said. She took it, opened the bottle, and drank deeply. For the second
time in two days, Nanako sat beside Takamaki. They had retreated to the train station after
leaving the palace and were just hanging out on the platform. Takamaki was really out of it,
moreso than Ryuji had been. Nanako was actually pretty worried about it, which is probably
why Ren sent her to get drinks. 

She passed out the rest, leaving Nanako left with a water bottle and a bottle of milk.

“Oh…sorry, Morgana, I don’t have anything to pour this in,” Nanako said. 

“Ah, you thought of me? Thanks. Ren, put it in your bag, I can have it when we get back to
the chief’s place.” 

Ren took the milk and put it in his bag. 

“I can’t believe this is all happening…the talking cat just ordered that guy around…though,
you’re not a cat, right?” Takamaki said. 

“It’s all right, Lady Ann. A lot happened to you, it’s too much to ask you to understand it all
at once. Take your time with it,” Morgana said. 

“So I have the power of a Persona…awakened by my rebellion. And my anger, I guess. I…
didn’t realize how angry I was about everything. To be honest…it was a little scary.” 

“I’ll say. That was a lot of fire,” Ryuji said. Nanako gave him a quick, sharp glare. 

“You have every right to be angry,” Nanako said. “What Kamoshida has done to Suzui, to
everyoe, is horrible. We’re angry about it too.” 

“Which is why we’re doing what we’re doing,” Ren added. “There’s no way that the
principal and the parents don’t know what’s going on, but they’re ignoring the problem
because of the fame he brings the school.” 

“If people like me and Ren complain, they’ll just ignore us. We’re troublemakers, after all.” 



“And the police can’t move without any hard evidence,” Nanako said. “But if we get him to
confess his crimes with his own mouth…” 

“Yes,” Takamaki said. “Yes. That’s the only way forward. I want to help.” 

“Of course,” Nanako said. “I mean, she should join us, right?” 

“What? Come on, didn’t you see how dangerous it was in there?” Ryuji complained. 

“She’ll be a good addition,” Ren cut in. “Welcome to the team.” 

“I hope we get along, and I hope you can rely on me,” Takamaki said. 

They spent a few moments exchanging contact information and adding Takamaki to the
group chat. While they did that, Morgana spoke. 

“Before we go back into that palace we need to practice your abilities. You were incredibly
powerful, Lady Ann, but it’ll be dangerous if you get wiped out every time you use your
Persona. There’s a place I want to take you all that will help us in that regard…let’s meet at
the hideout on Monday to discuss it.” 

“Hideout?” Takamaki said. 

“It’s the roof of the school,” Nanako said with a laugh. 

“Okay. I’ll be there. For now though…I’m very tired. I’m going to head home.” 

“Where do you live?” Nanako asked.

“In Shibuya.” 

“Oh, me too. I’ll walk with you.” 

They left the boys behind and waited for the next train. 

“Hey, uh, Dojima…can I ask you something?” 

“Sure.” 

“What are you wearing?” 

Nanako looked down at her Yasogami High uniform. In all the panic of escaping the palace,
she hadn’t had time to change. She sighed.

“It’s my old uniform…my clothes don’t change in the metaverse, but I don’t want his
subconscious to know I’m there, so I wear this uniform to throw him off.” 

“Oh, that makes sense. It’s a cute uniform, very classy.” 

“I think I like the Shujin ones better,” Nanako said. 



“You always go with the suspenders, right? It’s a good look on you,” Takamaki said. 

“Thanks.” 

“Hey, I know a lot of the rumors are just rumors, but are you really dating Amamiya?” 

“W-what!? That’s a rumor?!” Nanako said, her face turning bright red. Takamaki smiled. 

“Well, I think I have my answer.”

“No, we’re not!” Nanako said hurriedly. “But we are from the same hometown.” 

“Oh, that’s interesting that you both transferred to the same school.” 

“Yeah…interesting…” Nanako said, feeling a sudden rush of embarrassment. “I’ll tell you all
about it sometime.” 



Chapter 67: 4/17 - Evening
Chapter Summary

Nanako makes dinner.

“Sorry, I know we were going to go shopping together tomorrow, but I had time and thought
I’d save you the trouble,” Yu said. 

“You used the list, right?” 

He grinned and held it up between two fingers. “I did.” 

“Well, we’ll see how you did.” 

“What’s that supposed to mean? You don’t think I can follow a list?” 

“Well yes you can follow a list, but did you pick fresh, high quality ingredients? I mean, you
do buy Crawbucks after all…” 

“Hm, when did Nanako-chan become so snobby with food. You’ll be glad to know I bought
different coffee.” 

“Well we’ll see about that as well.” 

They both laughed.

Despite being a bit mentally drained from her foray into the palace, she had the energy to do
some cooking - just a simple ramen, but it was soothing after all the drama of the day. Big bro
actually did a good job of buying groceries. 

“This is seriously delicious. Aunt Kaho must have taught you well.” 

“Thanks, I’m glad you like it.” 

Pi pi pi. 

“Oh, sorry,” Nanako said, moving to shut off her phone.

“Sorry for what?” 

“Having my phone on while eating,” Nanako replied. Yu just laughed.

“It’s fine. Is it a friend? Feel free to answer them.” 



Huh. Well, that was at least one benefit of not being at home with dad. It felt weird, almost
wrong, to open the text app while she was still eating, but she went ahead and did it. 

REN: Takamaki, did you get home okay? 

ANN: Yes, thanks for checking! It turns out that Nanako and I live in the same building! 

RYUJI: For real!? 

ANN: Crazy coincidence, right? She’s a few floors below me. 

NANAKO: Also we decided to call each other by our first names, just like the rest of us. 

RYUJI: Hm, true, we do risk our lives side by side. We don’t get much closer than that. 

ANN: I know I sort of forced my way into this mess, but I’m glad you’re here. Please
everyone call me by my first name. 

NANAKO: Yay! I’m so glad there’s another girl on the team. The boys are great, but
sometimes…

ANN: I totally get what you mean.

Nanako smiled at that, then slurped up some noodles. 

REN: Ann will need a codename.

RYUJI: What, you just switch to using her name that easily? You’re too cool-headed…

ANN: A code name? 

NANAKO: It’s the same reason I wear that old uniform. It’s safer to use a codename rather
than our real names, just in case the subconscious picks up on it. 

ANN: Oh. I don’t get it, but okay. I’ll think about it.

RYUJI: How about Sexy Kitty?

ANN: No! 

NANAKO: Come on Ryuji, grow up. 

REN: I think Morgana liked that one. 

REN: Thfnaqwl 

REN: iial lag[lsk 

REN: Sorry, Morgana tried to stop me from sending that last message. 

Nanako laughed. 



NANAKO: Talk to you guys later. 

Then she shut off the ringer and slipped it into her pocket. She kept eating, but noticed that
big bro was smiling over at her. 

“What?” she asked. 

“Just glad to see you made some friends. Feel free to invite them over. Just let me know
ahead of time, okay?”

“Really? Thanks big bro.” 

“Hey uh, Nanako…”

“Hm?” 

Yu looked off into the distance for a moment, through the beautiful windows of their
apartment and onto the Tokyo lights. 

“I’m sorry for yelling at you the other day when you were asking about…you know. When
you were a kid.” 

“That’s all right,” Nanako said. 

“No, it isn’t…I do want to protect you, but I don’t know what the right thing is. The whole
thing was very scary and…maybe it’s better if you don’t know.” 

“Sometimes I have dreams,” Nanako whispered. Yu dropped his chopsticks. 

“Dreams?” 

“A red man in a white shirt,” Nanako said, choosing her words carefully. “And…you’re
there.” 

Yu pressed his eyes with his fingers. Nanako could sense the turmoil he was in about the
whole thing. 

“I think it’ll be better if you tell me. But…to be honest, I’m a little tired right now. Maybe we
could talk about it soon, though?” 

Big bro took a deep breath and nodded.

“Yes. Soon. I promise.” 

=====

SOCIAL LINK RANK UP 

Hierophant: Yu Narukami

Level 2 



Chapter 68: 4/17 - Night
Chapter Summary

Nanako gets a text.

Nanako took a long bath, did a little studying and went to bed, feeling ready to fall into a
deep sleep. 

Pi pi pi. 

She groaned, rolled over and grabbed her phone. 

REN: Sorry, I know it’s late. 

Nanako sat bolt upright in her bed.

NANAKO: No problem! I wasn’t even asleep yet. 

NANAKO: What’s up? 

Come on, Nanako, play it cool! She took a deep breath and tried to regain some composure,
but it was nearly impossible. Her heart was thundering a million miles a minute, and she was
pretty sure her hands were shaking a little. 

This crush was getting way out of control. She needed to chill out! 

REN: We were supposed to hang out today. 

NANAKO: Oh, yeah. Well, Kamoshida is a little more important. 

REN: I don’t think that Ann should go in tomorrow. And Morgana said that the training he
wants to take us to is still dangerous. We need a day off.

REN: So we can hang out tomorrow.

REN: If you want. 

Nanako dropped her phone on her bed, grabbed her pillow, and squealed into it. Was this
really happening!? Not only had Ren remembered their plans, but he was going out of his
way to invite her again!? 

Okay, okay, she needed to reply to this correctly. She needed to be cool. Collected. Just like
him.

Oh, who was she kidding, she was who she was.

NANAKO: That sounds great! Do you want to meet in Shibuya in the afternoon? We can
check out Central Street. I haven’t really looked around yet. 




REN: Sure. Sounds fun. 

REN: See you then. 

Nanako shut off her phone and fell back into bed, her heart still racing.

It was going to take her forever to fall asleep. 



Chapter 69: 4/18 - Morning
Chapter Summary

Nanako goes shopping.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Nanako chewed on her toast. 

Pi pi pi.

 

SANO: Oi, Dojima, you still coming today? 

 

Oh crap! Nanako had completely forgotten about going over to see Sano. She looked at the
time. She was supposed to meet Ren in the afternoon, so she was having a leisurely morning
filled with Saturday morning cartoons and okay-ish coffee that big bro had brewed for her.
She had been planning on spending the next couple of hours fretting about what to wear on
her date.

Wait, was it a date? Or were they just hanging out? Ren didn’t use the word date, but it was
kinda a date, right? Or was it like, a date to see if they should go on a date? Like a date date? 

Bah, she had to focus! She did still need to get the holster. 

 

NANAKO: Yes, if that’s okay. 

SANO: Yup. Here’s the address. 



Nanako looked it up. It wasn’t too far. If she hurried out now, she could probably be there and
back in time. She stuffed the rest of her toast in her mouth and struggled it down while she
rushed into her room. 

 

NANAKO: I’ll over there now. 

 



“Uh, Nanako?” Big bro called from the living room. “You okay?” 

“Yeah! Just forgot I was supposed to meet someone.” 

“Aren’t you meeting someone in the afternoon?” 

“I have a lot of meetings today!” Nanako stumbled out of her room. She had pulled a light
white sundress with blue flowers on it, mostly because it was the easiest thing to put on. Her
purse hung at table, which she realized now was very stupid because the gun was still inside
it. Oh well, Yu at least had enough manners to not look through her stuff. 

She contemplated bringing the Compendium. It wasn’t like she was going to go into the
Metaverse today…it would be safer at home. 

“Okay, I’ll be back for dinner, see you later!” Nanako said, rushing out the door.

“Hey, Nanako, don’t forget to-”

The door slammed. 

“-…Call your dad. Oh well, I’m sure she’ll remember.” 

The Sano Family Leatherworks was in a shitamachi section of Ueno. Nanako felt transported
back in time the moment she stepped out of the train station and started walking through the
cramped and cozy little streets. The storefront was definitely one of those old-fashioned tiny
places, but the interior was very well organized. The whole place smelled of leather and had
beautiful pieces on display - belts, wallets, purses, backpacks, it was all there. Halfway
through the store was the counter, and behind that was the leatherworking station, where the
walls were covered with tools. There were a couple of work benches - one was neat and
orderly, the other was in the middle of some complicated project. 

Sano greeted her without looking when she entered, the old bell clanging against the door. 

“This is a nice place,” Nanako said. Sano jumped up from his work and spun around.

“Ah, Dojima! Welcome! Sorry, I was in the middle of something,” he said with a huge smile.
He was wearing a plain blue denim shirt with a brown apron over it. Tool handles peaked out
of the apron’s front pockets. 

“No problem,” she said. “Anyway, I’m not bothering you in the middle of your work am I?” 

“Nah, today’s grandpa’s day to watch the store, but he just tells me to handle everything so he
can go across the street to drink tea and play shogi,” Sano said with a grin. He leaned forward
conspiratorially. “But don’t tell my dad, okay?” 

“Your secret is safe with me…speaking of secrets, I kinda mentioned before that this request
is a little odd. Hopefully you won’t uh…you know…” 

“On my honor as a leatherworker,” Sano said. Nanako shrugged. That was as best as she
could do. She needed the holster, and short of stealing one from the Inaba police department,



she wasn’t sure how else to get it. 

“Okay well uh…here.” 

Nanako reached into her purse, pulled out the gun, and set it on the counter. Sano jumped
back.

“What the-!” 

“Ah! Sorry, it’s not real! It’s just an airsoft gun!” 

“Oh…geez, that looks very real.” 

“Sorry, I didn’t mean to scare you.” 

“Nah, it’s okay…so you want a holster for this, I take it?” 

“Yeah,” Nanako said, trying to sound casual. She could tell that Sano was weighing whether
or not he should pry more.

“Yeah, I mean, I could make one…” he said, picking up the gun. He did the same thing he
did with the Compendium - seeming to take some sort of precise measurements with just his
hands alone. He reached behind the counter and pulled out a notepad and started writing
some things down. “I’ll need to measure you, though. Do you mind?” 

“Oh, uh, no, that’s fine. Do you know how?” 

“Yeah, done it a bunch,” he said. He set down his notepad and then grabbed a tailor’s tape
measure. He walked around the counter and asked Nanako to raise her hands to the side. She
did so, and she felt him touch her back gently. He then took a measurement around her waist.
Then he went in front of her.

“Ah, sorry, I’ll be quick,” he said. Her arms still to the side, he then took a measurement near
her bust, just beneath the swell of her breasts. Nanako felt a little warm, especially since
Sano’s hands were so strong and warm and he smelled like leather, but he didn’t linger or try
cop a feel. He wrote down some more notes, then looked at her for a moment.

“…One last one, if you don’t mind.” 

“Go ahead,” she said. 

He knelt beside her and then slid his hands very gently up her skirt, just a few inches. Nanako
felt a sudden burst of nerves, but he stopped at her thigh and gently took a measurement of
her leg. When he was done, he wrote that down too, then studied his notes for a long
moment.

“Hmm…okay…I think…yes. Do you have a preference of hip, shoulder, or thigh holster?” 

“Um. I mean, it uh…has to work with a school uniform,” Nanako blurted out. Why did she
say that!? She was just too flustered from Sano being so close to her. And she hadn’t thought



of an excuse ahead of time! Why hadn’t she!? 

“Hey, Dojima,” Sano said, glancing around the store. “Answer me just one thing, will you?” 

He leaned forward over the counter.

“Is this for a cosplay?” he whispered.

“Yes! Exactly!” Nanako blurted, scrambling to take the excuse. “A cosplay!” 

“I knew it!” Sano said with a grin. “I knew you were into cosplay when I saw that huge book.
That’s part of it too, right?” 

“Yes, exactly right.” 

“Well, I can definitely do this, and I have an idea in my head already…but uh…it’s gonna be
kinda expensive. 30,000 yen, actually.” 

“Whoah,” Nanako said impulsively. “I mean, not that your work isn’t worth that much! It’s
really beautiful, and I still feel guilty for not paying for the book strap and-” 

“Hey, it’s okay,” Sano said. “I know it’s a lot. I wouldn’t normally charge this much but uh…
well, see, my dad hates cosplay. He thinks its a stupid waste of time and he hates it when
anyone ever buys our stuff to use in a cosplay. But I think it’s awesome! And I think it could
be a way for the shop to do more business. When I see cosplays with fake leather or plastic
straps, it looks so stupid and I always think about how much better it would look if something
we made was being used instead! So I totally support you, Dojima, and I think you can help
me prove that it will look amazing and be a good source of income.” 

“Oh. Uh, yeah, that’s great, I’ll totally help you out with that,” Nanako said. 

“Yeah, but that’s why I feel bad about charging you so much. I’d do it for free, but, I’m going
to have to order some things in secret, and…yeah…” 

“That’s okay. I don’t have the money on me right now, but…” 

“I’ll get started and then you pay when you can. It’ll take me a couple of days at least to get it
done. We’ll just keep in touch.” 

“Okay. Deal.” 

They shook on it. Sano took his notepad paper and folded it up, slipping it into his jeans
pocket. 

“So do I get to know what the cosplay is or is it a secret?” 

“Uh. A secret for now. But don’t worry, you’ll be the first to know.” 

“Awesome! Can’t wait.” 



“I gotta be going. Thanks again.”

“See ya, Dojima!” 

Nanako walked back towards the station, frowning at herself.

Was she actually going to have to cosplay now!? 

=====

SOCIAL LINK RANK UP 

Strength: Satoishi Sano

Level 2

Chapter End Notes

Based on my research a SHITAMACHI is a section of "down town" Tokyo that is still in
the old-school designs from the end of the Edo period. There's one in Ueno, so that's
where I figured a traditional leatherworker might have their shop. That said, I'm not a
super expert on Japan and I may have messed that up (cause there's only so much
research I'll do for a fanfic, lol) so apologies if I got something wrong!

Especially to you, Nick, if for some reason you read this far...



Chapter 70: 4/18 - Afternoon
Chapter Summary

Date.

She wasn’t going to have time to change. Nanako supposed that the white and blue sundress
would work…it was pretty cute. She switched to the camera of her phone and used it as a
mirror, adjusting her hair. 

Should she ditch the twin tails? 

She’d worn them all the time as a kid. It was her signature look the year that big bro had
come to live with her - not that she had been old enough to think of things like a signature
look. The year after, Nanako had tried her hair down, hoping to look more grown up as a
seven year old. 

It was Rise that had taught her about “signature looks.” After all, Rise herself had twin tails
as part of her hairstyle, which had become closely associated with her Risette idol persona.
Even when she did other things with her hair, there were usually some parts of it that were
tied in twin tail-like fashion. As an eight year old, Nanako had figured that if she was going
to emulate anyone, Rise was a good place to start. 

So by nine she had adopted the twin tails permanently. They grew longer, of course, with the
hair landing just below her shoulder blades. But now she was questioning whether or not it
was the best choice. 

Her hair wasn’t like Rise’s. It wasn’t a gorgeous auburn with just enough volume and wave to
it to make it look as if it was always flowing in the wind, or that she had just stepped out of
some exotic locale. Her hair wasn’t like Ann’s either - American blonde with a natural body
and thickness to it that Nanako would never have. No, Nanako’s hair was…flat. Stringy. 

Girlish? 

She couldn’t change it now, though, the train was coming to a stop at the station. She took a
deep breath and stood up straight. She just had to be herself, right? That would be enough. 

Oh who was she kidding, Ren was way cooler than she was, there was no way a plain girl
like her had a chance…

She stepped onto the platform. 

Pi pi pi. 



She dug into her purse and grabbed her phone. 

“Hey.” 

“Ack!” Nanako jumped, startled, her phone slipping out of her hand. Before she could even
think about reaching for it, a hand snapped out and caught it mid-tumble. 

“Sorry,” Ren said. He handed her the phone. 

“You’re always sneaking around. You’re too graceful for your own good,” Nanako said as
she slipped the phone into her purse. 

“I was messaging you to find out where you were and I just saw you there so…here I am,” he
said, looking a little sheepish behind his glasses. 

The train departed, leaving the two of them relatively alone on the platform. 

“Are you really going to wear these right now?” Nanako said.

“Huh?” 

“Your glasses. You don’t need them,” Nanako said. Surprising even herself, she reached up
and delicately slipped them off of Ren’s face. He was completely motionless as she did this,
but his eyes seemed to transform as she pulled the glasses away. 

“I know why you wear them but…do you really need them with me?” 

Nanako tucked them into the front pocket of his shirt. He was wearing a white button down
shirt over a black t-shirt, which suited him really well. 

He grinned his Joker grin, full of cunning and slickness. 

“If you insist. Come on, let’s check it out.” 

They walked up side by side into the famous Shibuya Central Crossing. Nanako saw it every
day when she went to school, but it had a different effect on the weekend, with a sea of
people swirling all around them. They waited for the signal to turn, then rode the wave of the
crowd into the shopping area. 

What Nanako was surprised about more than anything was how comfortable she felt. The
nerves that had jittered through her all last night and this morning had faded. Yes, she was
still excited to be there with him, but…it was nice. Relaxed. She felt like she could act
naturally around him as they wandered in and out of stores. 

“There’s so much!” Nanako said enthusiastically. “So many people, so many stores! It’s
kinda thrilling in a way.” 

“It’s definitely not Inaba.” 

“It’s not even Okina City,” Nanako said. “It’s on a whole other level of…city-ness.” 



“Do you like the city?” Ren asked. 

“Yeah, I guess I do. I always loved visiting my big bro when I was younger. What about you?
Did you come to Tokyo much?” 

“When I was younger, yes. My parents would come in for work a lot, sometimes they would
bring me. They stopped when I got to middle school, though. They said I needed the focus
and calm of Inaba.” 

“Mmm. It is pretty calm back home…” Nanako said, trailing off. She thought bout a couple
of days ago, when Ren and her had rode the train together to school. He had said that he
should want a quiet life in Inaba where nothing bad happens to you, and that Nanako should
want it too. She still wasn’t sure if talking about home was a good idea or not, so she decided
to drop it. 

“Hey, you hungry? I haven’t had lunch yet, and there’s some amazing ramen places here.” 

“Let’s do it.” 

They decided to go for one of the more famous ramen places, so they had to wait a bit for a
table. Again, they stood in comfortable silence for a few minutes. 

“You look nice, by the way,” Ren said. Nanako felt her heart jump into overdrive. 

“Thanks. You too.” 

“I would look better in that jacket,” Ren said, smirking, referring to a jacket he had tried on
two stores ago. 

“It was hideous,” Nanako said.

“I think it was flattering.” 

“It was puce. It totally washed out your skin. You don’t have the lip color for it, either.” 

“I could wear lipstick,” Ren suggested.

“Now there’s an idea. If you get a matching lipstick shade, I’ll buy you that jacket.” 

“Done,” Ren said, his Joker grin flashing for just a moment. Nanako bumped him with her
shoulder. 

“Well, don’t skimp on it, cheap lipstick looks cheap.” 

“I didn’t expect you to be so knowledgeable in fashion,” Ren said. Nanako shrugged.

“I guess I picked up a few things here and there from my friends,” Nanako said. 

“You mean Risette.” 

Nanako shot a look up at him. “How’d you know?” 



“How’d I know what? That you’re friends with Risette? She’s literally the most famous
person from Inaba, how could I not know that? Plus didn’t she date your brother?” 

“Yeah, for a year when they were in high school,” Nanako said. “Huh. I guess I never
realized that people would know that about me.” 

“You were pretty famous in middle school,” Ren said.

“Huh? I was?” 

Before she could corner an answer out of him the hostess came to tell them that their table
was ready. Smooth as silk, Ren slipped away from Nanako and followed the hostess to their
seats. 

They ordered and ate. Nanako was surprised at the ramen - it was filling but also very
delicately delicious - not too salty or spicy. It was one of those meals that made her feel
nourished and satisfied deep down to her core. 

They paid for their meals and stepped back into the street. 

“So what was that you were saying about me being famous?” Nanako asked. 

“You’re not going to let that go?” 

“You can’t just casually bring that up without explaining it! I mean, I thought I was pretty
normal, and-” 

Nanako stopped. Something had caught her eye - a peculiar motion that just didn’t fit with
the rest of the bustle of walking down the street. There was a man about ten feet in front of
her wearing a short sleeved shirt and who had eyes rapidly shifting from one side to the other,
always on the lookout. The man bumped into an elderly lady. He apologized and helped
steady her but there was something about his hands that she couldn’t track.

He had just stolen something out of her purse! 

“Hey!” Nanako called out. The man kept walking forward, ignoring her. Nanako glared.

“Hey, I said! You there, stop!” 

The man kept rushing forward, his walk turning into a slow trot. Nanako sneered and started
for him.

“Nanako what are you-” 

Ren stepped in front of her at the exact wrong moment. Their feet got tangled and they both
started falling towards the ground. In a blur, Ren spun himself in front of Nanako and
managed to catch her in a falling dip, much like he did the day they needed to avoid Chie. 

“Let go! He’s getting away!” 



Nanako struggled, but their balance was awkward and it took her a few seconds to get back
on her feet. By the time she was upright, the thief was gone.

“No! Augh, Ren, that was-” 

She spun around to scold him, but he was gone too. It took a moment for her eyes lock on
him - when they did, she saw that he was tapping the elderly woman on the shoulder.

“Excuse me, but I think you dropped this,” Ren said, handing her a wallet. 

“Oh! Oh my, that would’ve been terrible! Thank you so much, young man! There’s still good
in our youth after all,” the woman said. 

“Have a good afternoon,” Ren said with a slight bow. Then he slipped his way through the
crowd back to Nanako. The two of them started walking again, back towards the crossing. 

Nanako stared in disbelief.

“How did you do that…?” 

“I counter-pickpocketed him,” he said with a smug smile. “Nabbed it while we were
tumbling down. He probably hasn’t realized it yet.” 

Ren kept walking, but Nanako stopped. He stopped a few steps later, turning to face her. 

Nanako held her chin, concentrating on Ren. 

“I can’t figure you out…” she said. “Every time I think I’m getting somewhere, you just
become more and more confusing.” 

They stood for a few moments. Ren looked uncomfortable, his body tightening and slumping
forward the way he did at school to hide himself. Nanako wanted to ask what he was thinking
about, but decided to just wait it out. 

“Nanako,” he finally said. “Do you want to see where I’m staying?” 

Her eyes widened. “Sure.” 

“Okay. Come on.” 



Chapter 71: 4/18 - Afternoon, Leblanc
Chapter Summary

Coffee Dad and backstory.

“A cafe?” Nanako asked.

They took the train to Yogen-Jaya and then walked through the cramped little streets until
they stood in front of Leblanc. Nanako leaned forward to read the menu on the window.

“Coffee and curry?” 

“It’s surprisingly good,” Ren said. He pushed open the door and the bell jangled above him.
Nanako followed him in. 

Nanako fell in love with Leblanc immediately. It was cozy, with dark wood furniture. The
smell of the coffee swirled all around her and made her mouth water. There were several
booths and a bar counter. A TV played on one end of the bar where a an older man with a
beard was watching it absently.

“Oh, you’re back,” he said without looking. “Well I suppose you can…oh, hello,” he said,
realizing Nanako was there.

“This is my friend, Nanako Dojima,” Ren said. “She’s from Inaba.” 

“Oh? Well, that’s a surprise. I wouldn’t think a nice girl like you would hang out with this
guy,” he said. He smile warmly. “I’m Sojiro Sakura, but most people around here call me
Boss.” 

“It’s great to meet you,” Nanako said with a bow. “Your shop is amazing! I love it. And the
coffee…” 

“Would you like a cup?” 

“Yes please,” Nanako said, rushing over to the bar. “Oh! Look at all the varieties of beans
you have…can I get a cup of the light roast Guatemalan?” 

Boss chuckled. “Sure, coming right up. It’s nice to have a customer who knows what she
wants and can appreciate it.” 

“Ah, I’m not an expert or anything,” Nanako said. “My mom likes to try and blend some
coffee at home, for fun.” 



“That’s how I got started too,” Boss said. “Just a little hobby that became…well, something
else.” 

Nanako watched as Boss worked the flames, the water, the pour-over filter - they were
motions he’d done a thousand times before and would probably do a thousand times after. It
was watching the work of a master. By the time the clean white cup was set in front of her,
Nanako could hardly wait. She took the first sip. 

“Oh, it’s excellent!” Nanako said. “Thank you so much.” 

“Well, you’re quite welcome.” Boss crossed his arms and looked at Nanako a moment. “So,
you’re also from Inaba?” 

“Yes, I grew up there,” Nanako said, still sipping the coffee. 

“And how did you get to know Ren?” 

“Ah, we went to school together, since middle school,” Nanako said. 

“Hm…well, enjoy your coffee.” 

Boss went back to watching the TV and tending to his curry pot. Nanako was curious about
this coffee and curry combination, but she was still way too full from the ramen. 

Ren had sat down at a booth and watched the whole exchange. He had put his glasses back
on, too. 

“We’re gonna head up for a bit,” Ren said. 

“Sure, sure,” Boss said with a wave. “Just bring the cup down and wash it when she’s done
with it.”

“Will do,” Ren said. She motioned for Nanako to follow. She picked up her cup and saucer
and walked up the stairs, still sipping.

“Okay, seriously, this coffee is amazing, I’ll never be able to drink bad coffee again,” Nanako
said as they marched up. 

Then she forgot all about the coffee.

“This is…well, this is a storage room,” Nanako said. “You live here?” 

“Yeah. It’s not so bad, really. Private, has lots of space. I even got a TV.” 

“Is that a CRT? Can you even call it TV…” 

Ren shrugged. “It’s fine for me.” 

Ren moved a table over towards the couch so Nanako had a place to set her coffee. She sat at
the couch while Ren pulled up a chair and sat across from her. 



“Are you sure you’re okay here?” Nanako asked. “I insist, if you need help getting out of
here, I’ll find it.” 

“It’s really fine,” Ren said. “It’s a little messy and unconventional, I admit, but I kinda like
it.” 

“Okay…” Nanako said, hesitant. “Hey, you’re wearing your glasses again.” 

“Did it ever occur to you I might actually need these?” 

“No. Cause you don’t.” 

Ren shrugged again and pulled them off, setting them on the table. 

“Better?” 

“Much.”

“Why do you hate them so much?” Ren asked. 

“It’s not that I hate them, it’s just…I guess I feel like I want you to be more of yourself. And I
think that when you’re not wearing the glasses you’re more of yourself.” 

“You just want to see my eyes,” Ren said. Nanako felt her cheeks turn bright red.

“Er…I mean, you have nice eyes, sure, but-” 

“It was a joke,” Ren said, smirking. Nanako gave him a faux-glare. 

“Evading my sincerity are you?” 

“Maybe a little.” 

“I mean it, Ren. I like who you are, the real you. I want you to feel okay being the real you
around me,” Nanako said.

“How do you know what the ‘real me’ is?” Ren challenged. Nanako felt a spark of
competition and determination light inside her. Was this the “Dojima Talent” that Naoto was
trying to draw out of her? Nanako wasn’t sure, but she decided she would just lean into this
feeling. 

“I guess I don’t. But I feel like I see glimpses of it here and there. Like when you and I broke
into Yasogami High. Or when you counter-pickpocketed that guy. Or…well, any time you’re
Joker. You look like you’re free.” 

Ren nodded slowly, taking in Nanako’s words one by one, letting them roll around in his
head. Suddenly he got up and walked over to one of the storage shelves and pulled out a
cardboard box. He dug around in it for a few moments, then picked up something silver from
the inside an returned to the table. 



“You want to know the answer?” 

“To what question?” Nanako asked.

“The one you keep asking. I actually answered it once before but…I didn’t tell you the whole
truth. So, ask away. Also, put these on me.” 

Ren set down a pair of handcuffs on the table. Nanako’s eyes widened.

“What…why do you…” 

“It’s nothing weird, I promise. It’ll all make sense, once you ask.” 

Nanako did as instructed, putting the handcuffs around his wrists and folding them shut
gently. Once they were secured, Nanako sat back down. Ren pulled his hands from off the
table and set them on his lap. 

“How do you know how to do all these tricks?” Nanako asked. 

“My parents taught me,” Ren said. “Look at the wall across from you, the poster in the
corner.” 

Nanako saw the poster, but it was pretty small. She got up so she could go read it. 

“The Heavenly Jester, bender of reality,” Nanako read. “Your dad is a magician?” 

“Yes. And my mom is a gymnast, of sorts. They met working in a traveling circus, of all
things. They got married young and decided to break off from that circus and do their own
acts. Mom is pretty amazing, she can do practically anything with her body that you can think
of.” 

“And she taught you those skills too,” Nanako said. “That’s why you’re so quick and
strong.” 

He nodded.

“And your dad taught you how to pick pockets and pick lockets and…” 

“They both taught me everything they knew. When I was a kid, I loved it. My life was so
magical, no other kid had parents like mine who could make anyone and everyone laugh and
cheer. And they loved it too. They would perform in Tokyo sometimes, and I’d get to come
along and see all the big city lights.” 

Nanako returned to the table and finished the very last of her coffee. Ren was staring at the
table now. 

“It slowed down in middle school. They said I needed to study, find a career that would make
me good money and be secure for life. I didn’t want to, though, I wanted to keep working
with them and maybe join the act. But they didn’t want any of that. We had always sort of



‘lived’ in Inaba, but when middle school came my mom actually settled down and let my dad
do all the touring.” 

“How was that?” Nanako asked.

“It was fine. I got used to it. But I felt…I don’t know. Different. I had all of these skills that
nobody else knew or understood, and I think at first people were impressed but then they got
a little intimidated. So I had to slow down, not attract so much attention to myself. Not that it
mattered, in the end.” 

They sat in silence. There was so much tension in the air, but Nanako didn’t know what to do
to break it. She desperately wanted to know more, but this was the most that Ren had ever
shared with her before, and she didn’t want to push it. 

“Um…” Nanako said, eloquently. 

“Do you know what my father said when we left the court ruling?” Ren asked. “He said,
‘looks like society is trying to box you in and keep you chained up, son’. I asked him what I
should do, what was going to happen to my life. I was scared. And then he told me this: ‘I’ve
taught you everything I know. The chains are wrapped around you. So…’” 

Ren set his hands back on the top of the table, handcuffs still hanging from his wrists. He
suddenly lifted his wrists up and knocked them against the table.

The handcuffs opened and fell from his wrists.

“Escape.” 

“That’s…horrible,” Nanako said. “That’s horrible. He just…sent you away? He didn’t do
anything else to help you?” 

“I think….I think my parents are trying to help me. I just don’t understand how.” 

“I don’t either. If something like that happened to me, my dad would never stop fighting it,”
Nanako said. 

“Yeah, he probably wouldn’t. But my parents are different, and I feel like there’s something
else going on here I don’t understand. I mean, outside of Personas and the Metaverse.” 

“What do you mean?” Nanako asked.

“Well…there are things that don’t add up. I can see schools not wanting to take me for my
criminal record, but how did they get me in to Shujin of all places? I was told that it was
because of their need to show their good intentions of reforming someone like me, but I just
don’t see it. They had to have pulled some strings to get me in there, I just don’t know what
strings they had to pull. And then there’s Sojiro.” 

“What about him?” Nanako asked. “He seems nice.” 



“He is. But I never met him until a week ago. My parents never even mentioned him, and yet
they suddenly have a friend willing to put me up? And assume legal guardianship, which puts
himself in danger if I commit more crimes. Why would he do that for a kid he didn’t know? I
just think…my parents are trying to do something for me. I just wish I knew what it was so I
could follow it.” 

“They could just tell you,” Nanako pointed out. 

“Maybe. But they won’t.” Ren paused then laughed. “I guess being enigmatic runs in the
family, huh?” 

“A little,” Nanako said. “I’m sorry all this happened to you.” 

He shrugged and folded his handcuffs back up and stuck them in his pocket. While he did
that, Nanako checked the time on her phone. It was getting late. 

“This was a lot of fun,” Nanako said. “But I have to go…I hope we’ll do it again some
time.” 

Ren nodded. She got up and headed for the stairs while Ren put his chair and table away. 

“Hey, Nanako.” 

She looked up.

“There was another question you asked that I never answered, back at the train. You asked if
I thought you were a weird stalker.” 

“I did,” Nanako said, feeling suddenly very anxious about this line of questioning. 

“It was weird, like I said. And I do think you’d be happier going back to Inaba. But…” 

He looked up at met her eyes directly. She did her best to keep her eyes focused on him,
hoping that somehow her feelings would come through their gaze. 

“I’m glad you’re here,” he said. Nanako smiled.

“Me too.” 

“Come on, I’ll walk you to the station.” 

=====

SOCIAL LINK RANK UP 

The Lovers: Ren Amamiya 

Level 2



Chapter 72: 4/18 - Evening
Chapter Summary

Nanako gets a phone call.

“Thanks for dinner,” Yu said that evening. “It was especially good today.” 

“It was no problem at all!” Nanako said, beaming like an idiot. She’d been elated all evening,
still filled with the joy and excitement from her date with Ren. It didn’t matter if it wasn’t
officially a date, she was going to treat it as one, and that was that! 

“Let me clean up,” Yu said. 

“No no, I got it. Didn’t you say you had some work to do?”

“Ah, yeah, some. You sure?” 

“Yes, it’s fine.” 

“Okay…don’t work too hard. I’ll be in my office if you need anything.” 

Big bro retreated to his office and shut the door to work on whatever next idol article he
needed to submit. Nanako cheerily did the dishes, trying to lock every moment of the
afternoon into her memory - his eye lashes, the warmth of his hands, the fluidity of his gait,
the way he crinkled his nose when he slurped ramen…she wanted all of it to be locked into
her heart. 

Geez Nanako, aren’t you getting a little carried away? Are you letting this crush grow into
something else? Something…big? 

Even thinking it to herself caused her to blush. 

Her phone rang and she nearly dropped the pan in her hand. She set it down, dried her hands,
and swiped the answer icon. 

“Hello?” 

“Hey, Nanako,” dad said. “It’s…been a while.” 

“Oh, dad! Hi! Oh, shoot, it’s Sunday. I completely forgot to call you and mom, I’m sorry.” 

“Y-yeah…so how’s it going? Good first week of school?” 

“It’s been uh…interesting.” 



“Interesting? Good interesting or bad interesting?” 

Nanako paused. Like her failure this morning with Sano, she hadn’t thought about what to
tell her dad about her life. The last week felt like it had taken a month, and there was so much
to talk about, so much to process…but she couldn’t tell him any of it. So what could she tell
him? The boring parts of school? How she chose not to join the volleyball team because the
coach was a rapist? About how she found how he was  a rapist because she was standing in
the courtyard when the star player tried to kill herself? 

Even the parts that happened outside of the Metaverse were complicated. 

She would have to think of a good story for her parents before her first visit back to Inaba.
But for now, it was best to keep it vague. 

“Good, for the most part,” Nanako said. “Things here are…harder than I thought they would
be. But it’s fine! A little adversity is a good thing, you know?” 

“Yes, I suppose it is. How is the volleyball team?” 

“Oh, right, I decided not to do that.” 

“Oh? Why not?” 

“It just wasn’t a good fit. Oh, but I did join another club: the gardening club! I’m even an
officer in it.” 

“Oh, well that’s good. You always did like gardening here when you were younger,” dad
said. 

“Yeah.” 

There was a long silence. 

“So how about your friend? Everything going okay with that?” 

“Um, yeah. It is.” 

“Good. Well, things are good here. Your mom misses you a lot, so make sure you call her and
text her often.” 

“I will. What about you?” 

“You know me, Nanako. I’m fine.” 

A heavy guilt filled Nanako’s heart, one that she hadn’t felt since her first major lie to him
two months ago. He missed her too, she knew that. He wasn’t admitting it though, because he
was trying to be strong and supportive…and yet the “Dojima Mind” that Naoto had
mentioned was working away in the background, trying to piece together the truth of
Nanako’s life from her vague answers. And he was probably hurt by that - not just that he



couldn’t figure it out, but the simple fact that he had to try to figure it out. They were always
so close, and now this secret was a gap between them that Nanako didn’t know how to cross.

But…it was just for a while. Once Kamoshida was brought to justice, then things could go
back to normal.

“I love you, dad,” Nanako said. 

“Love you too. Have a good night.” 

He hung up. 

Nanako sighed and finished with the dishes. 

=====

SOCIAL LINK RANK UP

Death: Ryotaro Dojima

Level 1



Chapter 73: 4/18 - Early Morning
Chapter Summary

Nanako job hunts.

-= 11 DAYS UNTIL EXPULSION =-

Nanako got to the station early on Monday. She went to every little news stand she could find
in the station and grabbed all the fliers and listings for part-time jobs. She still needed 30,000
yen for Sano, and she couldn’t just ask her dad or big bro for that kind of money without an
explanation. But, if she used some savings, maybe she could earn it quickly with the right
job. 

Armed with a stack of pamphlets she would look over on the train, she had one last idea
while waiting at the platform. 

NANAKO: Hey, I know I’m in Tokyo right now, but is there anything I could help you out
with? I need to earn some money. 

KANJI: Hm…maybe. The last video we made together did real well. 

NANAKO: Really!? That’s cool! Put me in more videos! 

KANJI: Haha, no. Not without asking your dad first.

KANJI: Dojima-san scares the shit out of me. 

Nanako laughed loud enough that people on the platform glanced at her. Nanako gave them a
little wave and went back to texting .

NANAKO: Okay, well, I’ll super appreciate it if you think of something! If not, that’s okay
too.

KANJI: Hey you’re not in trouble or anything are you? If you need cash to bail you out of a
jam, I’ll just send it to you. 

NANAKO: No no, nothing like that. Don’t worry.

KANJI: K. 

Nanako put her phone in her bag, then grabbed a pencil and started flipping through the
listings. 



Chapter 74: 4/19 - After School
Chapter Summary

Mementos

Beginning navigation.

“It’s called Mementos,” Mona said. Nanako was listening from around the corner while she
finished changing into her other uniform. It was a real pain that her clothes didn’t magically
transform…

“It’s the palace of the public. It doesn’t have a single ruler, or a single purpose, like in
Kamoshida’s place. But it extends further and further. It might even be endless.” 

“Dude…” Skull said, gazing around the tunnel in amazement. “It’s super spooky.”

“How did you even find this place?” asked Panther. Ann had decided on her code name
during the meet up at the rooftop hideout. Nanako had to admit that she liked it a lot. She
sorta wished she’d thought of that one…

“I don’t know,” Mona said. “It’s like I’m compelled to be here, though. I think…something
deep down in Mementos has the key to what I am. It’s my memories, and my humanity, all
buried down there. The problem is that it’s too huge to go down there alone. I mapped out
some of it, but it’s almost pointless to do so. Things move in Mementos as the public
perception changes. The tunnels turn into rooms, the rooms vanish and turn into dead ends,
things get twisted and you can get lost really easily if you’re not careful. Fortunately, I can
sense when we’re getting lower and I can always sense the way out.” 

“And this is going to help us?” Nanako asked.

“There’s Shadows here, too. It’ll be a safer place to practice using your Personas without
tipping off Kamoshida.” 

“Sounds like a plan. But we’re going to get tired walking,” Skull pointed out.

“Don’t worry, I have that covered.” 

Mona suddenly leapt into the air and burst into a cloud of smoke. A moment later, a black
and white Citroen Type H van came crashing to the ground. It had blue eyes and a tail.

“Whoah!” Nanako said. “You transformed! That’s so cool!” 

“How is that possible?” Panther asked. 



“Cognition. For some reason, the public believes that cats can transform into vehicles.”

“My Neighbor Totoro,” Nanako said. 

“Who?” Mona asked.

“Nevermind,” Nanako said, feeling a little embarrassed. 

“Let’s go,” Joker said. 

“Mona, your interior is very comfortable,” Nanako said. She wasn’t sure why she felt
compelled to mention it. Maybe it was just the guilt of being carried around on Mona’s back.
Or…in his stomach? Okay, she didn’t really want to think about where she was anymore…

“Comfortable and stylish,” Mona said, proud.

The drone of Mona’s engine was surprisingly comfortable too. It was a giant purr, Nanako
realized, and it was kinda making her sleepy. 

She leaned on the window and watched. 

The twisted subway of Mementos was eerie. Sometimes it would look like the station, and
Nanako would forget where she was, hypnotized by the passing pillars. Then suddenly the
wall would shift and warp, the track would twist, and red would leak out of the black void, as
if Mementos itself was reaching out for them.

“Doesn’t the wind sound like voices?” Panther mentioned.

“Aw, why’d you have to go and say that…” Skull groaned.

“You doing okay?” Nanako asked Joker. He was behind the wheel, focused entirely on
steering them through the twists and turns. Skull and Panther were in the second row, with
Nanako in the front next to Joker. 

“Yeah.”

“Let us know if you need to switch out,” Nanako said. 

“What? I don’t know how to drive,” Panther said. 

“Oh, really? I guess it’s different out in Inaba. I learned to drive in the country roads when I
was eleven. My grandfather taught me.” 

“Same with me,” Joker said. 

“Huh, guess country living has advantages after all,” Skull said. 

Nanako went back to leaning against the window. 

“Eep!” 



Nanako slammed herself against the door and pushed it open. With one hand she held onto
the door, hanging off the side. With the other, she had her gun drawn.

Blam blam blam!

The shadow, a hulking black figure with dozens of faces emerging from its oozing surface,
stumbled backwards into the wall, clutching at the three holes Nanako just put in its chest. 

Joker turned the wheel hard. Mona slid to a stop while Nanako dropped out of the car, her
gun still trained at the injured shadow. 

“Shit, Angel, my ears,” Skull complained as he jumped out of the car behind her. “A little
warning next time.” 

“It’s not my fault the shadow came leaping out of the…well, shadows.” 

“What do we do now?” Panther asked, holding her whip in both hands, gripping it
apprehensively. 

“Finish it off,” Joker said, striding up from behind them. He walked with such easy-going
confidence, his coat flagging behind him. Mona was at his side, cutlass resting on his
shoulder. “Nice reaction time, Angel.” 

“Thanks…but, Mona, this thing is hideous,” Nanako said. 

“Like I said, the palace of the public. The shadows here won’t have a cognitive shape like in
Kamoshida’s palace. Doesn’t make them less dangerous.” 

“Hey, it’s transforming,” Skull pointed out, hefting his pipe into position. 

“Panther, take the lead,” Joker ordered. Panther nodded, stepping forward and watching with
morbid curiosity as the shadow melted into the form of a golden pot with a turquoise devil
peeking out of it. 

“Agathion,” Nanako said, the name leaping from the Compendium into her mind. She wasn’t
sure how she knew that’s how the information was getting to her, but she did. 

“Time to take it down, Carmen! Persona!” 

Nanako watched as Panther struck a pose while pulling off her mask. Carmen materialized
behind her, and Nanako was struck with a sudden realization that she didn’t know how she
was posing when she was summoning a Persona…she’d have to try that out in a mirror. 

“Agi!” 

Carmen gave a yank on her chain, choking one of the heart-headed slaves. It leaned forward
and an intense of river of fire erupted out of its mouth. The fire hit Agathion square in the
center and was incinerated immediately. 

“Hey, more behind us!” Skull called out. “Captain Kidd!” 



Nanako spun around and watched more shadows emerge, already transforming: two Jack o’
Lanterns and a Bicorn. 

“Zio!” 

Captain Kidd fired an incredible lance of lightning, a jagged crack of light that split the sky. It
struck Bicorn on one of its horns and surged the electricity through its body from head to toe.
Before the attack was even finished, Bicorn  was melting. 

“Agi!” 

“No wait, Panther!” Mona called out. It was too late - Panther leaned forward in a three-point
pose, Carmen flourished herself in a spin, and a new tornado of fire tumbled towards one of
the Jack o’ Lanterns. The Jack laughed and held up its lantern. The lantern’s door opened and
the fire absorbed into the flame, seeming to make the Jack even stronger. 

“What the-” Panther said, shocked.

Nanako unsnapped the Compendium. The pages fluttered to the Hermit arcana. 

“Forneus! Bufu!” 

Nanako crushed the card. The flying manta-like creature appeared over her head and
swooped forward. A ball of ice gathered at the end of its tail until it was the size of a small
boulder. The Persona hurled the ice forward, aimed directly at the lantern. Before the Jack
could close it, the ice struck the fire. The lantern shattered, the fire died, and the rest of the
Jack melted into shadow. 

“But I don’t…” Panther muttered.

“There’s a lot to learn. Just stay on your toes,” Joker said. “If magic won’t work…” 

Panther nodded. She dashed forward and swung her whip.

The whip slapped harmlessly across the Jack’s face.

“Come on!” Panther yelled, frustration building in her voice. The Jack held up his lantern,
fire gathering inside of it.

A pipe crashed down on its head, folding the hat and cracking the pumpkin’s shell. 

“Die!” Skull yelled. 

“I’ll protect you, Lady Ann!” 

Mona’s cutlass sliced into the crack made by Skull’s pipe and severed the shadow clean in
half. 

“Nice job everyone,” Mona said, bouncing up and down happily. Skull rested his pipe on his
shoulders, a satisfied smirk on his face. 



Mona focused on transforming into a car again, and the boys loaded up. Panther stood there a
moment, staring at her whip. 

“Hey,” Nanako said. “I messed up a lot the first time too. This is why we’re here. To practice.
Right?” 

Panther made a face that Nanako couldn’t read, especially with the mask. Then she gripped
the whip tighter.

“R-right. Let’s go.” 



Chapter 75: 4/19 - Evening
Chapter Summary

Nanako invites a friend over.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

YU: I’ll be out late at work tonight, so don’t wait up for me. 

YU: I’ll be eating here too. Finish up the leftovers if you want. 

Nanako had made enough the night before that there was plenty to eat. More than enough for
two people, actually. And that gave Nanako an idea. 

NANAKO: Hey, how are you feeling? 

ANN: Exhausted. You? 

NANAKO: Same. But I have leftovers. 

NANAKO: I actually have too many leftovers. You wanna come down and have some? 

ANN: I don’t want to be a bother.

NANAKO: You’d be doing me a favor. I don’t want to throw this food out and I’m here
alone.

Nanako worked on reheating the food, waiting for the response. Five minutes went by before
she heard the reliable pi pi pi of her phone. 

ANN: Okay. I’ll be down.

Nanako sent Ann the specific room number and finished preparing dinner. 

“Wow, this looks really good,” Ann said. The two of them sat at the table with the dazzling
lights of Shibuya streaming in through the windows. The TV was on low. 

“Thanks! I hope you like it.” 

Ann’s eyes widened. “You made this?” 

“Hm? Oh, yeah, I did. It’s nothing special.” 

Ann took the first few bites. 

“Oh wow, this is great!” she said, her face beaming in a genuine smile. “You’re a real
master!” 



“Ah, no, I just know a few basics,” Nanako said. She was actually feeling a little
embarrassed. 

“Did your mom teach you?” Ann asked. 

“Yes, she did teach me a lot, though I’ve been cooking since I was real young. I don’t know
how good it was back then, but my dad never complained about it.” 

“How come she didn’t cook back then?” Ann asked. 

“Oh, right, I should explain. My first mom died when I was really little. It was just me and
dad for a long time.” 

“Oh my gosh, I’m so sorry…” 

“It’s okay, you didn’t know. And my dad got remarried a while back. My new mom is
amazing, and she was the one who helped me improve my cooking. I enjoy doing it, it’s
kinda relaxing.” 

“Not for me, it always stresses me out,” Ann said. 

“You probably just don’t have enough practice. Who does the cooking in your family?” 

“Um. You know I’m not really sure…” 

“Huh?” Nanako said. “What do you mean?” 

“I just…huh…I can’t remember.” Ann looked out at the city. “That’s weird. I really can’t
remember the last time we cooked together.” 

“You eat a lot of takeout?” 

“Mm, yeah, pretty much. My parents live overseas.” 

“You live here alone?” 

“Most of the time. They call a lot though, so it’s okay,” Ann said, shooting another big smile
Nanako’s way. Ann had a smile that reminded Nanako of Rise - it was dazzling and magnetic
and felt like switching on a spotlight. 

They ate. 

“Hey, Ann…we’re friends, right? At least, we’re teammates,” Nanako said. 

“Hm? Oh, uh…yeah, I guess so. Why?” 

“Can I ask if you’re okay?” 

“Yeah, yeah, I’m fine. I’m sorry I didn’t do so well today in Mementos. I guess I’m still
getting used to my Persona and all the rules of the Metaverse and-…well, don’t worry. I
won’t let you down.” 



“That’s not what I meant, Ann-chan,” Nanako said. “I mean are you okay. I guess I just saw a
lot of anger today in the Metaverse so I was wondering if you had talked about this to anyone
and…well, then you said your parents don’t live here…do you have any other friends?” 

“…Just Shiho.” 

“You shouldn’t be going through this alone!” 

Ann jumped back, startled. Nanako was startled too, surprised at her fervor. 

“Sorry about that. I just…I dunno, it’s been a lot the last few days. It’s been a lot for me too,
but it has to be even worse for you. And I have family here, and I had the boys to talk to.” 

“Mm.” Ann turned away, looking out the window again.

“I’m sorry, I’m being too nosy. I just…I dunno, I thought maybe you needed a friend.” 

“I do,” she whispered. “To be honest, I don’t think I’ve been dealing with it very well. You’re
right…I am angry. I’m more than angry. I hate him. I hate his very existence. I want nothing
more than to make him pay a thousand times over for what he’s done to my Shiho.” 

Ann turned to look at Nanako. Tears glistened in her eyes. 

“I think Carmen’s fire comes from my hate for him. That heat, that destruction, I feel that in
my chest all day. I want him to feel it instead. But I can’t. I can’t even swing the stupid whip
right!” 

Ann balled up her fists in frustration, pounding them on the table. The plates rattled. Ann
suddenly drew her hands in, embarrassed.

“I’m sorry.” 

“It’s okay. You have every right to be mad. He needs to face justice. And I promise you, Ann,
I will help you get it. For Suzui, and for you. And…I think I know someone who can help
with the whip.” 

“Really?” 

“Yeah, well, I have some…interesting friends. I’ll ask her later.” 

“Wow…you’re something else, Nanako,” Ann said, pushing a sad smile onto her face.

“So are you, Ann-chan. I mean, you’re going through a hellish time, and you’re still fighting
back. You have a lot of resolve and courage. But you shouldn’t do it all alone. If you need
another friend, then rely on me! You can come down whenever you want. I’ll cook, and you
can meet my big bro, you’ll like him. And we can talk about whatever you need, or nothing
at all. We can just watch TV! I love TV.” 

Nanako clamped her hand on her mouth.



“Sorry, I’m being way too pushy…”

“No, no, it’s fine,” Ann said with a laugh. “It sounds nice. I could use another friend.” 

“Good.” 

Nanako collected the dishes and washed them while Ann plopped on the couch and started
flipping through the channels. 

“Hey, do you like Sing Song Masquerade?” Ann asked.

“I love that show! Is there a new episode?” 

“Yeah, right now!” 

“Ack, hold on, I’ll be right there!” 

Nanako rushed to finish the dishes. 

=====

SOCIAL LINK RANK UP

The Star: Ann Takamaki
Level 1

Chapter End Notes

Nanako gets to do evening social links after Mementos because Morgana isn't there
yelling at her to go to bed.



Chapter 76: 4/19 - Night
Chapter Summary

I've been waiting for this.

Chie needed to beat something. 

It wasn’t that she was ungrateful for the special assignment. Naoto had probably saved her
career from a long stint as a crossing guard or a meter maid. But it was a lot of sitting around
and reading.

A lot of sitting.

And a lot of reading. 

The world doesn’t talk enough about the grunt work involved in police work, Chie decided.
There was just so much data to sift through, and most of it was useless and boring. Of course,
Chie knew that you had to get rid of the bad data in order to find the good, but it could be so
time consuming…

Firstly, Chie knew that she was getting the worst of the grunt work. Every day she showed
up, Sae Nijima had a new stack of files that she needed to go through. Chie would read them,
summarize them, take notes, and turn them in. Nijima would read over Chie’s notes in a few
minutes, nod, then tell her that was enough for the day. Which told Chie that Nijima already
knew that the data was pretty useless, and that Chie was just there to make sure it was
useless. 

Which was useless. 

But Naoto needed her help, so she’d give it. There was something deeper going on here, and
while Naoto hadn’t shared everything yet, Chie knew enough to take this seriously. And if
doing the police equivalent of homework meant that she could help Naoto get to her goals,
then she’d do it.

Especially if it helped them find Teddie. 

But after a week of mostly sitting and reading, Chie was aching for a heavy workout. Sure,
she did her conditioning every day, but she needed a real workout. She needed to sweat. She
needed to feel her muscles ache. She needed to groan when she got out of bed tomorrow and
mumble to herself that she had gone too hard the night before.

So she went to the gym. 



It was a cop gym, which is to say that it was where a lot of cops went. It was also a cop gym
because it was half-owned by a cop, which was probably why cops came to it in the first
place.

It’s not a fancy place. In fact, it’s kinda drab and dingy, Chie decided. The floor was cracked,
the mirrors were chipped, and the equipment was showing its age. A lot of the heavy bags
had been hand stitched back together. 

But it was cheap, and had a cop discount! 

She was working at the heavy bag, her hands wrapped. She wore just tight fitting shorts, a
sports bra, and loose green tanktop that had AMAGI INN written across the front. Chie
darted left and right, peppering the heavy bag with carefully targeted punches, each blow
landing with a satisfying snap. She was really in the zone, a semi-meditative state of
precision movements. The endorphins from the workout were giving her that “athlete’s high”
that she so loved. 

If only she could be in this zone all the time. 

This was all she really needed. A cheap gym with an okay atmosphere and the space to let
loose.

Actually, there was one other reason that she liked this gym so much, but if she let her mind
wander in that direction she’d lose her focus for sure.

A door closed nearby. Chie glanced over, and her focus shattered. 

There was the other reason. He was tall and hunky, with platinum blonde hair. He wore a
brown suit with a well-fitted jacket a white shirt and a scarlet tie. He held a briefcase in one
hand. His badge was attached to his belt at his hip.

Now was the chance! She felt hopped up enough on endorphins and frustration that Chie
decided that she was going to shoot her shot. She raised her hand to try and get his attention,
but stopped before she spoke.

She was kinda a sweaty mess. Did she really want to flirt with him like this? 

Chie peeled off her tank top and used it to wipe her face and neck, then balled it up and
tossed it on her gym bag. That was better.

“Hey, Lieutenant Sanada!” Chie called over. The hunky cop stopped and turned, and smiled.

“Officer Satonaka,” he said. “How’s it going?” 

Chie beamed at Akihiko Sanada. As a Lieutenant, Sanada outranked Chie by quite a bit, but
it was the little things he did that Chie found so admirable - like remembering the name of a
grunt officer like her. He exuded natural leadership. People wanted to follow him and listen
to him, and he never abused that power. He was firm, but fair. Strict, but compassionate. And
unlike so many other Tokyo cops, Akihiko Sanada’s sense of duty and justice hadn’t become
cynical. 



And he was also just so hot. 

One time Chie saw him working out and he lifted the bottom of his shirt to wipe some sweat,
and there were just so many abs. She wanted to inspect each and every muscle. With her lips.
Several times.

“Officer Satonaka…?” 

“Huh? Oh, sorry! It’s going pretty well, yourself?” 

“Not bad. Can’t say things have been as exciting as they were for you, though. Was it fun
sliding down that part of the escalator? I’ve alway wondered.” 

Chie laughed sheepishly and rubbed the back of her head while she felt her whole body turn
red with embarrassment.

“Ah ha ha…so you heard about that?” 

“I think everyone did. It’s what scored you that special assignment, right?” 

“You heard about that?” 

“Well, I am a Lieutenant,” Sanada said with a smile. “Though I don’t know what you’re
doing exactly, just heard it was special. It’s not meter maiding, is it?” 

“No, it really is a special assignment.” 

“Good. I know the chief thought it was reckless, but I thought it was a good catch. More
officers should be as skilled and dedicated as you.” 

“Thanks,” Chie said, blushing all over again. “So uh, you just finish a workout or about to
start one?” 

“Ah, no workout for me today. Just came in to do paperwork and pay bills…Satonaka, if
anyone offers to start a gym with you, say no, it’s too much work.” 

“Ah, but then where would all the cops go to show off to each other?” 

“Don’t we do that enough in the job?” Sanada asked with a smile. “I don’t suppose you want
to buy into Tartarus gym?” 

“Mm, tempting, but someone recently told me that if someone offers to start a gym with me, I
should say no.” 

“Touche.” 

“And it’s too bad you’re heading out, I’ve been practicing those strikes you told me. I was
going to show you my improvement.” 



Chie decided to stretch her arms above her head at that moment. She wasn’t overly blessed
anywhere in the “hot woman” department, but she was in great shape, and Chie just had to
hope that Sanada was into that sort of thing. She wondered if he wanted to inspect her
muscles with his lips…

Sanada grinned and pulled off his jacket.

“I guess I have a little time.” 

Sanada went to the opposite side of hte heavy bag and braced it against his body and
shoulder. Chie took up a boxing stance.

“Jab, jab, cross,” Sanada ordered. Chie executed. Sanada tossed out command after
command, building longer and longer combinations with less and less rest time in between.
By the end, Chie was breathing hard, but she was proud of her progress. 

“Impressive speed, control, and memory,” Sanada said, leaning on the bag. “You’re quite
amazing, Satonaka…but you need more power in your strikes.” 

“I can give you more power. One more combo,” Chie said. Sanada shrugged and yelled out
one last combination. 

Chie executed it. Mostly. 

The last command, which called for a right cross, was ignored. Instead, Chie spun around
once and let loose a powerful back kick. 

It was a little too powerful. 

The blow shuddered through the heavy bag and sent Sanada flying to the ground as he lost
his balance. Unfortunately, he had grabbed onto the bag to try and balance himself, and the
angle was just so on the bag that the whole thing came sliding off its hook. Sanada fell onto
his back, heavy bag on him.

“Oh no no no! I’m sorry! Are you okay!?” 

Sanada laughed as he and Chie pulled the bag off of him. 

“My fault. I deserve it for saying you lacked power.” 

“I still feel terrible, you weren’t ready for it and I was just…you know…” Chie felt herself
blushing again. “Trying to show off.”

“It’s okay, really,” Sanada insisted.

“Maybe I can make it up to you?” 

“Oh?” 



“Yeah, like, you know…maybe I could take you out for dinner? Unless you know, that’s like,
improper conduct for a Lieutenant,” Chie said, laughing nervously at her bad joke.

Sanada, who had been eyeing her curiously, suddenly grew serious.

“Ah, right, hm, good point, that might be inappropriate…” 

“Huh? No, wait I didn’t mean-” 

“My apologies, Officer Satonaka, I didn’t mean to make you feel uncomfortable. I should be
going, I’ll see you around.” 

In a blur, Akihiko Sanada picked up his coat and brief case and had strode out of Tartarus
Gym before Chie could glue three words togther. 

“Stupid, Chie. Stupid stupid stupid,” she said, smacking herself with her palm. 

She pulled her tanktop back on, cleaned up her spot, and gathered her things. She then
reached into her bag and grabbed her phone so she could moan to Yukiko about how stupid
she was. 

There was already a text.

NANAKO: Hey, Chie! I was wondering if I could get your advice on something.

NANAKO: Well, training specifically. Do you have any time soon? 

Chie sighed and answered.

CHIE: Sure, tomorrow okay? 

NANAKO: Great! I’ll text you later. 

CHIE: Good night, Nanako-chan. 

Chie groaned. She might as well help Nanako.

Not like she had anything else going on…



Chapter 77: 4/20 - Morning
Chapter Summary

Math class

“Though we often speak of sound and light together, light moves exponentially faster than
sound does. Sound moves at a blistering 343 meters per second, but light travels at 186,000
meters per second. This is why there can be a discrepancy from when you see lightning in the
sky and when you hear the thunder,” Usami-sensei explained during math class. She wrote
the figures on the board and prepared a problem. 

“Although Einstein theorizes that we can never break the speed of light, humans have made
many machines that can break the sound barrier. Let’s see…Mishima-kun, do you know what
the earliest invention that could break the sound barrier was?” 

Mishima fidgeted in his seat, uncomfortable with all of his classmates looking at him.

“Um…I suppose probably a gun?” 

“Mm, there are many guns that can fire bullets faster than the sound barrier, but there’s an
even earlier invention. How about you, Dojima-san?” 

“A whip, Usami-sensei,” Nanako answered.

“That’s right, very good. When cracked properly, the end of a bullwhip moves faster than the
speed of sound. That’s what gives it the signature cracking sound.” 

Usami-sensei flounced her hand and made a wat-chur sound with her mouth that made
everyone feel uncomfortable. 

Nanako felt like her knowledge grew a little. 



Chapter 78: 4/20 - After School
Chapter Summary

Nanako goes to Gardening Club.

“Good afternoon, Nana-chan!” 

Haru was already working on the soil when Nanako came up to the rooftop. The thieves had
already decided to take a day off and recover, which worked out since their hideout was
obviously already occupied. 

“Hi, Haru-senpai,” Nanako said cheerfully. “How’s the garden?” 

“It’s doing just fine,” Haru said with a satisfied sigh. “The drainage is working well, and the
compost pile is just about ready to be finalized and mixed into the soil. Probably ready for
next week.” 

“How can I help?” Nanako asked, setting down her bag and the Compendium next to it. Now
that Margaret had explained that people didn’t pay much attention to it, Nanako mostly
carried the Compendium out in the open. The most anyone ever said of it was “what a large
book” and then moved on. 

“There’s not that much to do today. But you can help me finish up with the watering.” 

Nanako and Haru set to work on the watering, which as Haru said, wasn’t much. Ten minutes
later, they were already done. Nanako was putting away the supplies when Haru set down a
cooler bag on the discarded table and unzipped it. 

“Would you like a snack, Nana-chan?” 

“Oh, that’s all right, you don’t have to.” 

“Nonsense, I wouldn’t be a very good senpai or club president if I didn’t take care of my
youngers. Please, I insist.” 

Nanako watched as Haru spread out a blue and white checkered cloth for the surface of the
table. Then she took out a couple of bottles of lemon iced tea and a small pink box that was
tied together with a slim gold ribbon. Haru gave Nanako a bottle, then untied the ribbon of
the box, carefully lifting the lid. 

A beautiful strawberry cake was inside. Nanako could smell the strawberries the moment the
lid was removed. 



“Haru-senpai, this is gorgeous!” 

“Wait until you taste it!” 

Haru pulled out a couple of plates - actual glass plates - from the cooler bag. She then took
out a silver cake server and sliced the cake into neat wedges and served them. 

“Oh, the forks!” 

Haru pulled out a pair of small silver dessert forks and handed one to Nanako. 

“Please enjoy,” Haru said with a small bow. Nanako took a small edge of cake from the tip of
the cake and set it delicately on her tongue. 

“This is delicious!” Nanako exclaimed a little too loudly, holding the fork high in the air like
a musketeer’s sword.

Embarrassed, Nanako lowered her fork. Haru just laughed.

“I’m so glad you like it.” 

“It might be the best cake I’ve ever had,” Nanako said. “But this must have been expensive!
You shouldn’t spend that kind of money on snacks for me.” 

“O-oh, well…” Haru stammered. She had a strange look on her face, like a child that was
caught with her hand in the cookie jar. “It was sort of expensive, but don’t worry about it at
all! And to be honest, I actually bought the cake for someone else. It just turns out that he
doesn’t like strawberries…” 

Haru frowned, grabbed her fork, and separated a bite from it. She thrust it into her mouth and
began chewing decisively. 

“It is exceptional cake though and I refuse to let it go to waste!” 

A number of questions started running through Nanako’s head. Clearly, this would have been
a very expensive cake, even if it was meant for someone else. This caliber cake and the
mention of a “he” would suggest that Haru was planning on using it for a love confession.
Except, that didn’t quite feel right. Finding out that he didn’t like strawberries would’ve
evoked some sadness or embarrassment, but she seemed…angry. Which meant that maybe it
was a cake not for a confession, but perhaps her boyfriend? 

But it wasn’t enough anger to be a boyfriend, was it? Or maybe it was, and Haru was very
good at containing her emotions. Or maybe it was a boyfriend, but the feelings weren’t very
deep, or maybe the relationship was on its way to its conclusion. 

Still, it was the stricken “caught” look that stirred Nanako’s curiosity. Haru almost seemed
embarrassed that Nanako realized it was an expensive cake. Was Haru wealthy? It would
explain why the cost of the cake didn’t matter as much as the person who had seemingly
rejected it. 



“His loss is our gain,” Nanako said, taking another bite. “Well, my gain, anyway.” 

They laughed and chatted a bit about their favorite desserts and junk food. Haru’s tastes were
very refined and delicate, except for one surprising revelation.

“My guiltiest pleasure is the vanilla milkshake from Big Bang Burger,” Haru said. “I know
it’s terrible, but I can’t help it. It reminds me of my childhood. My father would get me one
once in a while, and we’d just sit there and talk. That must sound rather strange.” 

“Not at all. My guilty pleasure is even stranger: dango from Junes.” 

“Junes? The department store?” 

“Yeah,” Nanako said blushing and laughing at the same time. “I know, it’s so dumb, but it’s
the same as your story. In Inaba, Junes is like the only modern convenience. The town was
actually mad when it came in. When I was a kid I was so enthralled by it, and my dad would
get me dango from the food court as a treat sometimes.” 

“Wow…I guess childhood has a strong effect on us, doesn’t it?” Haru mused. “I never
thought anyone would have such a strange story like mine…” 

“I bet lots of people have stories like ours,” Nanako said with a smile. “Hm…speaking of Big
Bang Burger, I wonder if they’re hiring.” 

Haru glanced up so quickly her floofy curls bounced. “What? Why would you want to work
there?” 

“Hm? Oh, I don’t really want to work there, I just need a job. I don’t think it would pay
enough anyway…” 

“Nana-chan, do you like kids?” 

“Oh, uh. I suppose so, yes. Why?” 

“Well, actually, there’s a family friend who is looking for someone to watch their daughter
sometimes after school. The last person they hired couldn’t do it for this school year, and I
was helping out for a while but…my circumstances have changed. I could introduce you, if
you like. Mei-chan is a very serious girl, but she’s not a trouble or anything, and I’m sure
they would pay well.” 

“That sounds great! Please introduce me.” 

“I’ll call them when I get home and contact you about the details later,” Haru said, smiling
brightly. “Thank you for today, Nana-chan.” 

“Thank me? You brought the cake and are going to get me a job, I should be thanking you,
senpai.” 

“Mm, well, then we can thank each other.” 



They both did their most formal bows and laughed. 

=====

SOCIAL LINK RANK UP

The Hermit: Haru 

Level 2



Chapter 79: 4/20 - Evening
Chapter Summary

The Chie Satonaka Workout

“Is that your PE uniform?” Chie asked. 

“Ah, yes. Sorry, it’s all I had,” Nanako said. Which was sort of a lie. She had several sets of
workout shorts, but they were all folded up into her Palace Bag. She could rewear the
uniform a few times before it got totally gross, but she couldn’t wear the shorts more than
once. So, she stood there in the bright red Shujin uniform in the middle of a pretty dingy
gym. 

“Is this place, um…safe?” 

“Oh, very. It’s a cop gym, you’re probably safer here than anywhere else.” 

“I really meant from a hygiene perspective…” 

“It’s clean! Just a little rough around the edges. Like me!” 

Chie grinned and Nanako giggled. Chie motioned her over to a vacant area next to one of the
punching bags. She set her hands on her hips and gave Nanako a very determined look. 

“Okay. What do you need help with?” 

“Um, I was thinking along the lines of uh…this!” 

Nanako held out the Compendium, book strap and all. She could almost see the question
marks floating above Chie’s head.

“That’s..that’s a book, Nanako-chan.” 

“Yeah, I know. But I mean this is Tokyo, not Inaba. It’s not exactly safe out here as it is at
home, is it? And…well, I’m ashamed to tell you that I haven’t exactly kept up my training in
the last few years. I need to know how to defend myself.” 

“Yeah but wouldn’t you like to use a cooler weapon? Like a katana or a couple of knives?” 

“I can’t carry those around. But a book bag might work?” 

“Hmm…well, you should use what you have available. Okay, I think I understand what
you’re going for. Repeat after me.” 



Chie turned and faced the mirrored wall, taking a stance with her legs shoulder-width apart.
She then raised her hands in front of her, moving them in slow, fluid motions. Nanako did her
best to copy her and the movements. 

“Not bad…try to feel the flow. Listen to the tension and release of your muscles.” 

Nanako tried. This wasn’t exactly getting whip lessons for Ann, but this was the best that
Nanako could figure. Swinging the Compendium was more like a flail than a whip, but she
thought maybe she could help Ann apply the principles to the whip. Also, Nanako was going
to look up every whip-cracking video that existed on YouTube. 

“Mmm, not bad, but you’re still too stiff,” Chie said, her body now posed where she was on
one foot while the other was extended forward in a frozen kick, her hands reaching out to
touch her toes. Nanako lost her balance and gave up. Despite the very slow movements,
Nanako was working up a sweat.

“How could I not be stiff? We’re barely moving.” 

“Yes, but there’s a time for tension and a time for release. Be like water.” 

“Water?” 

Chie halted her pose and then held her hands behind her back, very sensei-like. “When you
pour water in a cup, it becomes the cup. When you pour water in a bottle, it becomes the
water. When you pour water in a teapot, it becomes the teapot. Water can drip and it can
crash.” 

“That’s surprisingly profound for you, Chie-sensei.” 

“It’s Bruce Lee- hey! I can be profound!” 

“Oh, sorry,” Nanako said  laughing. Chie grumbled but took another breath. 

“In Kung Fu, power comes from generating energy and releasing it at the exact right moment
- be loose and gather speed until you need to snap it into rigid power.” 

“Like a whip?” 

“Exactly! Yes, that’s exactly how whips work. Or wrecking balls, for that matter. Wrecking
balls move relatively slow, but you wouldn’t say they were weak, would you?” 

“So if I use my book like that…I could swinging it around and generate force and swing it
even harder at the exact moment I want it to impact.” 

“Now you’re getting it. What we just did was part of the Tai Chi 24 form. There’s a couple of
other Tai Chi exercises we can do that will help you understand flow. Come a little closer.” 

The two of them worked on some Tai Chi Push Hands exercises until Nanako was losing her
concentration. 



“Wow, I feel a lot more competent,” Nanako said. “Thanks for this, Chie-sensei.” 

“You’re quite welcome, student,” Chie said, putting a fist in one palm in a traditional Chinese
bow. “Don’t let your training slip. Call me any time, we can work out and practice.” 

“Thanks…it really means a lot to me that you do this. I know you must be super busy.” 

“I am, but you’re my Nanako-chan! You’re the little sister I never had.” 

“You should come by the house sometime! You can have dinner with me and big bro.” 

“Ah, yeah, I definitely will have to do that soon. I’ll cook for you!” 

“Uh…n-no that’s okay…really…I’ll do it, I love it, and I’m the hostess so you can’t do any
cooking at all, okay?” 

“It was a joke, Nanako-chan. My cooking hasn’t gotten any better, I know my limits.” 

Nanako was relieved. She gathered her stuff and headed back home.

Nanako felt like her proficiency grew from the training. 



Chapter 80: 4/22 - Early Morning
Chapter Summary

Nanako and Ann go to school.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

-=9 DAYS UNTIL EXPULSION=- 

“Morning!” Ann’s bright voice called. She was waiting for Nanako right outside their
building. 

“Good morning,” Nanako said with a yawn. “I got some advice about the whip. We’ll have to
practice what I learned though.” 

“Oh, amazing! You’re so overly reliable, Nanako-chan.” 

The two of them went through the busy bustle of Shibuya on their way to the station. 

“Do you think we should go into the palace today? It’s getting close, and I think we need to
make a little more progress.” 

“Mm, probably…I’m still worried about you and Ryuji. But it should be okay if we scout out
a little more. We can work on the whip moves while we’re there too. Let’s ask Ren about it.” 

“Hm, yeah, he sort of is the leader, isn’t he? How did that happen?” 

Nanako shrugged. “You know, he’s just…leaderific.” 

They both laughed and waited for the train. 

Chapter End Notes

If you happen to be a Yusuke/Ren fan, I made a bit of fluff as a present for my friend.
Go check it out!



Chapter 81: 4/22 - Palace of Lust
Chapter Summary

A surprise guest appears.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Beginning navigation.

They had to get farther today. Even if it was just a little bit farther, Nanako knew they needed
to make progress. Joker had agreed with the assessment. 

“We need to move quieter. Avoid confrontations with shadows if possible, and if we have to
fight them, take them out quick and quiet,” Joker said. 

“Agreed. We have to be careful because the palace is linked. The more times we’re caught by
shadows, even if we eliminate them, it will stir up the others,” Mona reminded them. “No
matter how powerful you get, you can’t just take the whole place on in an open fight.” 

“Yeah, yeah, fine, we get it. Quit yer nagging,” Skull grumbled. 

Nanako wondered if she should say something. It was pretty obvious that it was Panther and
Skull who had impeded them so far, and she didn’t want them to feel judged or ostracized for
it. But sometimes saying something was worse than letting it go. 

She put on her glasses. 

They made quick progress to the first safe room. Only one shadow nearly cornered them, but
Joker’s Archangel knocked it out with a blast of bless energy before it even finished
transforming into Incubus. 

“This would be easier if we had a map,” Nanako said off-handedly while she sipped a bottle
of water in the safe room. Mona crossed his arms. 

“Hm…not a bad idea. I’m sure this place has a map somewhere. Might as well steal it along
the way,” Mona said. 

“Why would the palace have its own map?” Panther asked. 

“Internal consistency of the Metaverse,” Mona said. “A castle would have a map stored
somewhere, so this one must also have one. Think of it as portions of Kamoshida’s mind that
put things in logical order.” 



“Let’s go,” Joker said. 

Mona led the party up the stairs. Despite his cartoonish cat shape, he was swift and dextrous,
diving low behind an elaborate planter. Joker was right behind him, moving like quicksilver.
He continued to be preternaturally graceful, bending effortlessly to hide behind even the
smallest pieces of cover.

And then there was Nanako. 

She tried to slide behind the planter after Mona left, but the Compendium swung across her
chest and bumped into the top. The planter started to tip and Nanako scrambled to her feet to
grab it. She leaned back, righted the balance, but lost her footing in the process, her shoes
slipping on the checkered marble floor.

Bonk.

She landed right on her butt. 

“Come on…” she hissed to herself. More embarrassed than injured, Nanako got to her feet
and rushed into the hallway.

At the exact same time a shadow turned to look down the hall. 

“Hey!” it cried, mask already slipping from its face as it tapped into its full power. Nanako
unsnapped the Compendium and flipped the pages with her left hand, holding out her right.

“Forneus, bufu!” 

The creepy manta ray appeared again and let loose a blast of frost. Instead of aiming it at the
charging shadow, however, Nanako had the Persona spread the ice in a thin layer across the
floor. The shadow lost its footing and started skidding forward uncontrollably. 

“Batter up!” 

Skull leapt out and gave his pipe a hefty swing.  The shadow’s head caved in, and it melted
into ink. 

“Nice move, Angel,” Panther said. 

“Yeah, but it was also sloppy. You gotta be more careful,” Mona chided. 

“I’m not a gymnast or a spy, I’m a high school student. And I’m pretty out of shape,” Nanako
protested. “How am I supposed to zip around like you two?” 

Mona gave Nanako an exasperated look. 

“Cognition! You don’t have to be good at it, you just have to believe you’re good at it. The
cognitive effects of the Metaverse will do the rest.” 



Oh. Hm. Nanako hadn’t thought about that. Mind over matter. She had assumed the Joker
was using his natural skill because Nanako had seem him use it firsthand in the real world.
Then again, Nanako had done well to keep up back in Inaba too, even though she was in even
less shape than she was now. 

How had she pulled that off? 

Cognition, she supposed. She saw Ren do it, so she copied the mood, the style, the aesthetic
of what he was doing. In copying it, her body reacted and created the same poise, grace, and
stealth. She tried to do that now, to settle into the rhythm of being a phantom thief. She tried
to long for the same stylish ease that Joker exuded. But Inaba had been full of thrills and
romance. 

Here, in this palace of lust, there was too much on the line. Nanako couldn’t relax. Her
motions were stilted, she had a hard time knowing where to hold the gun, and everything felt
laborious. 

Water. 

Be like water.

Nanako took a deep breath and shut her eyes. 

When water went into a teapot, it became a teapot. So she could become this palace. She
could become the planters, the pillars, the suits of armor and bookcases. She just had to relax.
Allow her body to follow the shape of it. 

She opened her eyes and rushed for the next piece of cover, the lower corner of the next
corridor. She slid into a perfect crouch, with one eye peering around the corner. 

“Nice,” Joker whispered. Nanako almost jumped - when did he get right behind her? But she
managed to keep her cool. 

“I’m starting to get the rhythm of it.” 

“They aren’t,” Joker said. He made no indication, but Nanako knew. Panther and Skull were
more athletic than Nanako, but they still had this aura of defiance about them that radiated in
every direction. They were both itching for a fight, and it was like the shadows could sense
it. 

“We have to give them time. This is more personal for them than it is for us,” Nanako
whispered. 

“We don’t have a lot of time left.” 

Joker was right about that. But this wasn’t the time to debate it. She slipped around the corner
and rushed down the hall. 

The next room was an archive. Beautiful shelves were surrounded by heavy iron bars
between pillars with gaudy ornamentation. The most bitter irony of the situation was the map



was sitting right on the wooden table. 

“Can’t we just break the bars? Or melt them?” Skull asked, jerking a thumb towards Panther.

“We could, but it’ll take time and attract too much attention,” Mona said. “These goats are
probably the locking mechanism, but we need to push them in the right order. Do it in the
wrong order, and it’ll set off an alarm.” 

“How are we supposed to figure that out?” Panther asked. 

Before anyone could offer an answer, Joker reached out and pulled one. 

“Hey, wait!” Nanako said. But it was too late. The lever was pulled. And nothing happened.
The rest of the thieves watched in astonishment as he went from lever to lever, pulling them
one by one. Soon a mechanism released somewhere and the bars slid down into the floor. 

“How did you do that?” Panther asked. Joker shrugged. 

“I have a good eye. Come on.” 

Nanako went for the map first, staring at it intently, trying to commit it to memory. Who
knew how long the map would last. Panther and Skull rummaged through the bookshelves
while Mona and Joker examined the other papers on the table. 

“Are these speeches?” Joker asked. 

“Looks like…I wonder what for…” 

“Hey, someone’s coming!” Skull hissed. Nanako folded the map and stuffed it into the
Compendium, then slid underneath the table. Joker and Mona slid underneath the table with
her, while Skull and Panther hid behind pillars on the far side of the door. 

A single person walked in.

“No no, that won’t work…yes, if I put I that way…and then whisper in that committee
person’s ear, then she’ll tell him…yes…and I just need to smile…lots of smiling, lots of sad
shaking of my head…even those who already know the truth will look the other way if I play
the role correctly…” 

The voice was Kamoshida. Nanako felt her heart racing and her grip tightening on her gun.
She looked over at Joker, waiting for a signal.

He held up a hand. He was concentrating on something. Thinking. So Nanako did the same. 

What the heck was Joker waiting for? What did he see? No, he couldn’t see much either
but…hear? Nanako focused carefully on Kamoshida’s muttering.

No, not Kamoshida. 

Well, it was, but it wasn’t. 



Kamoshida and King Kamoshida, his shadow, had the same voice. But the King had a
distorted quality to his voice. This voice was distorted as well, but the attitude behind it was
totally different. 

“Mona,” Joker said, his voice barely above a whisper. “You got those things ready?” 

“Hm? Oh. Hehe, thought you would never ask.” 

“Right. Ready, Angel? Follow my lead.” 

Mona handed Joker something. 

Joker threw the table upwards. Scrolls tumbled to the ground, papers shot up in a flurry. Joker
threw something at the ground in between himself and the strange new Kamoshida. Black
smoke erupted between them. Nanako could hardly see. 

“Mona!”  Joker called. 

Nanako could hear the sound of Joker’s grappling hook being fired, followed by a smug
meow-chuckle from Mona. 

“My other self, garu!” 

Zorro materialized and with the stroke of his sword sent a blast of wind to clear the smoke. 

Kneeling on the ground was a third Kamoshida, tied up in the grappling hook cable. Mona
held the hook end while Joker still held the gun. 

Nanako drew her gun and put it at the back of Kamoshida 3’s head. Only then did she start
making observations. 

Kamoshida 3 - Kamothreeda? - was thinner than either the King or the Real. He was paler
and more nervous, tears already rolling down his cheeks in utter terror. Though he was bound
in the grappling hook cable, Nanako could still see that Kamothreeda was wearing a fine
tuxedo. 

Like a butler. 

“The hell is this?” Skull asked, rounded the corner with pipe in hand. 

“It’s…hmm…” Nanako said. “It’s a third Kamoshida.” 

“What, like a Kamothreeda?” Skull asked.

“That’s exactly what I was thinking!” Nanako said. 

“Is it a cognition?” Joker asked. Mona glared at Kamothreeda. 

“No…it’s not his shadow either. This is…something else. A portion of his shadow, maybe.
Or a very powerful shadow who identifies too closely with Kamoshida.” 



“Let me go! I didn’t do anything, I swear it! I’m innocent in all this. Do you think I had a
choice?” Kamothreeda begged, his voice raw and panicked. 

“Oh, so it’s the part of him that makes excuses,” Panther said snidely. She cracked her whip
and Kamothreeda yelped in response. 

“Palace security,” Joker demanded. “How do we get past it?” 

“I-I can’t tell you that, if he finds out…” 

Panther cracked her whip. 

“If I don’t find out, you’re dead,” she said. 

“Please, no! The security isn’t that difficult to bypass. There’s a secret door behind the
painting in the main hall. I don’t know if you can access it, but it’s the fastest way to the top!
King Kamoshida likes shortcuts.” 

“How many other secret passages are there?” Nanako asked.

“Many. H-here, let me see the map, I’ll make adjustments.” 

“Don’t do it, it’s a trap,” Mona said. Nanako glanced at Joker, who made no motion at all.
Nanako unfolded the map and handed it to him.

“There, there, and there…that’s all I know, I swear.” 

“I highly doubt that,” Nanako said. “But we’re in a rush. I’m sure you’ve already notified
whatever other shadows you can.” 

Kamothreeda didn’t say anything, which was saying everything. Nanako looked at Joker and
Mona. 

“What do we do with him?” 

“Carmen! Dormina!” Ann said, striking her pose. Carmen appeared and hummed a few bars
of the famous opera with the same name, and watched as Kamothreeda fell asleep. 

“Why not just kill him?” Skull asked.

“It might be a tougher fight than we think. Besides, this thing probably has a direct
connection to King Kamoshida. If we kill it, he’ll know. Think of it this way, if he’s tough,
then we’ll be stronger the next tim we see him. If he’s not tough, then we just saved some
energy,” Mona said. ‘By the way, very clever move, Lady Ann. You showed some real
tactical prowess.” 

“Thanks,” Ann said, sincere. Nanako finished untying Kamothreeda and Joker reeled his line
back in. 

“Come on,” Nanako said. “There’s a safe room nearby.” 



Chapter End Notes

Lol, Kamothreeda. I can't believe people just let me write whatever I want.



Chapter 82: 4/22 - After School
Chapter Summary

Nanako drinks juice.

“So what was that guy, anyway?” Ann asked between sips. 

The phantom thieves had gotten juices from the juice stand in the underground walkway in
Shibuya station. Now they were sitting on a bench in the station square as people walked by.
Nanako yawned. 

“Who, Kamothreeda?” Ryuji asked.

“Are we really calling him that? That’s so lame,” Ann said.

“It’s a good name!” Ryuji and Nanako yelled at the same time. Ann recoiled a bit. 

Ren chuckled. 

“The best I can figure is that it’s a part of his shadow that split off for a specific purpose,”
Morgana said. “Think about it for a second. That Kamoshida was poised and collected and
was ready with all sorts of excuses and explanations. When he came into the room, he was
also working out a plan about how to distribute some sort of information.” 

“It’s the part of him that prevents him from getting caught,” Nanako said. 

“Exactly,” Morgana said. 

“But I thought the shadow was the true self?” Ryuji asked.

“It’s not the true self, it’s just the id. The base desires that are unrefined by conscious choice.
Kamoshida obviously can’t act like a King in reality, that would never work. But his desires
are that of a king,” Morgana said. 

“So that portion of him plays the system, works people over, uses charm and persuasion and
loopholes to get exactly what he wants,” Ann said, her anger rising with each word. 

“And it must be well-developed, since it was strong enough to have its own form,” Morgana
said. 

“The speeches were all about Suzui,” Ren said. “Some for her parents, some for the press. In
each one he claims to not know what happened and to be utterly heartbroken by it.” 



Ann gripped her juice cup a little tighter, leaving fingernail marks in the side. 

“So what do we do about it?” Ryuji asked. 

“We could probably destroy it without much danger to killing Kamoshida,” Morgana said. “If
it were damaged, it would probably just return to the rest of the shadow…still, I think we
should avoid it if we can. It’s clever, which means that it’s dangerous.” 

“Can we trust any of the information it gave us?” Nanako asked. “I mean, he made marks on
the map.” 

“It’s probably truthful. Just truthful enough to spring a trap,” Ren said. He adjusted his
glasses, then threw his empty juice cup over his shoulder. It sunk perfectly into the trash can.
“That’s what I would do, anyway.” 

“We’ll have to be careful from here on out,” Morgana said. “We gained new members and
got stronger, but our enemy has replied in kind.” 

“We don’t need to be stronger,” Ren said. “Just smarter.” 

They went home. 



Chapter 83: 4/22 - After School, Shujin Academy
Chapter Summary

The King meets The Prince.

“And then’s when I said, ‘I guess you’ll see a spike in sales.’ Get it? Spike?” 

“Yes, very funny, Kamoshida-sensei,” said Sadayo Kawakami. The two were walking side by
side up the stairwell and towards the faculty office, and Kawakami was trying to figure out
how she could get out of here a little faster. After all, the bills were piling up, and the longer
the hours she had to put in at school, the fewer she had for Becky. 

Then again Becky would just end up working later, which really meant there was fewer hours
of sleep.

Kawakami was struck by the thought of the Triple Goddess. 

Maiden, Mother, Crone. The three aspects of life, and in many ways the three aspects of
womanhood, according to the pagan religions. Maiden, full of life, youth, sexuality, and
freedom. Mother, full of strength, determination, and the will to change reality. Crone, the old
woman, full of wisdom and guidance, but no longer able to enjoy the pleasures of life, just
observe them as her body whithered away into a husk.. 

Maiden, Mother, Crone

Becky, Kawakami-sensei, Sadayo. 

Becky, who absorbed what little vitality and youth she had left and sold it. 

Kawakami-sensei, who poured her heart into her students, who used her strength and will to
forge better futures for them, even when they didn’t want it for themselves. 

Sadayo, who withered away while Kawakami-sensei and Becky battled for time. 

Sadayo. She liked her name. She always had. But she couldn’t remember the last time anyone
called her by it. 

“Are you okay there, Kawakami-sensei?” asked Kamoshida. Sadayo shook her head and
looked up. 

“Just a little tired…I hope this meeting isn’t long.” 



“Well, the police have to investigate things like Suzui, even when it’s nobody’s fault,”
Kamoshida said, his wide grin the picture-perfect Olympian with saintly paitence. “I’m sure
they sent some nobody cop to ask a few questions, fill out a few forms, and he’ll be on his
way. This will take ten minutes, tops.” 

They slid open the door. Sadayo was surpirsed to see two young women sitting at the other
end of the table. One was in full uniform, while the other was wearing a stylish blue overcoat
and matching cap. 

“Good afternoon, I’m sorry to keep you after you’ve had a long work day. I’ll try to keep my
questioning short and to the point. I’m Officer Satonaka, and this is my partner for the
investigation, Detective Naoto Shirogane.” 

“Nice to meet you both,” Kamoshida said. His smile was a megawatt lightbulb that soon
dimmed into contemplative sadness. “I’m sorry that we have to meet under such dire
circumstances.” 

Satonaka flipped open her notebook and clicked her pen. 

“Can you tell me about Shiho Suzui?” 

True to her word, Satonaka’s questioning was concise. She asked all the questions Sadayo
would have expected, trying to find out information about Suzui’s friends, her role on the
volleyball team, her grades. Undoubtedly they were looking for the seed of discontent that
would send the young girl to the roof and taking a leap off of it. Sadayo answered as best she
could. She didn’t know Suzui that well, but she had been a good student in Japanese class.
Kamoshida had much more to say, her being the star athlete on his team.

It gave Sadayo more time to think. 

Why hadn’t she thrown herself from the roof yet? 

It was a grim question, but an interesting one. Shiho Suzui had a lot going for her, and yet she
felt that she couldn’t handle life. She was still young, she was on a good team with an
influential teacher that would be able to get her into many good universities. As far as Sadayo
had found out from the files, her home life was fine. She was shy, but well-liked by most of
the other students. She had a best friend, Ann Takamaki. There was probably somebody
pining away for her too, waiting for the right moment to confess their love to her. 

Sadayo had none of those things. 

And yet here she was, fighting forward. 

The human heart is a complex mystery, was the only conclusion she could come to. 

“It’s just so confusing. It hurts me to think that she was going through so much pain and none
of us knew about it,” Kamoshida said. “If only she had reached out, then things might be
different, you know?” 

“So you didn’t know of any issues she was having at all?” Satonaka clarified.



“No. I’m sorry, I wish I had more to tell you,” Kamoshida said. He looked down at his lap
and let out a sigh. Sadayo actually felt bad for Kamoshida. Normally she found him a bit
unbearable due to his ego, but this little slice of humanity was putting him in a sympathetic
light. Maybe she-

“That’s odd, because Shiho Suzui says differently.” 

The voice was jarring. The other woman, the detective, hadn’t said a single word since they
sat down a half hour ago. She just sat there, arms crossed, darting her gaze between Sadayo
and Kamoshida. Her voice was rich and mellow, though - almost like a guy’s. For some
reason, it made Sadayo a little nervous. 

“I thought that Suzui was still in a coma?” Kamoshida asked, frowning. 

“She is. But her body tells a different story than the one you’re telling,” Naoto said. “For
example, there is bruising on her upper forehead and an injury to her right leg that are
inconsistent with the fall.” 

“I don’t understand,” Kamoshida said. 

“Of course, bruising is wildly unpredictable. It’s not solid evidence of anything, really, but it
does raise questions. Suzui was brought to the hospital wearing a compression sleeve for her
right leg, which was being used to cover up her injury. Thanks to the power of social media,
there’s plenty of video evidence of Suzui-san jumping from the building, in which she was
already wearing that brace. That would have to mean that you knew about at least the leg
injury, did you not?” 

“I saw the brace. She didn’t tell me what it was for, and I didn’t ask,” Kamoshida said. “It
didn’t seem to be affecting her volleyball playing.” 

“And yet it must have, since there was a new bruise on her forehead. I suppose that was a
volleyball injury?” 

“I suppose it was. I don’t know, I don’t keep a running list of all the injuries. Contrary to
popular belief, volleyball can be rough on the body, especially when you play it correctly.” 

“Correctly?” Naoto asked.

“We are a national-ranked team, after all. I take what I learned in my Olympic Training and
modify it to be high school appropriate,” Kamoshida said, pride swelling in his voice again.
“That level of competition requires a play style that puts winning above everything else.
There’s bound to be some scrapes and bruises.” 

“Ah yes, I understand now. So in order to get your athletes to reach their full potential, you
use special training techniques.”

“That’s right.” 

“And the results of those techniques is that there are some minor injuries. But in exchange,
the team performs at a national level,” Naoto said.



“Correct,” Kamoshida said. 

“And Suzui-san was one of your star players for the girl’s team? And thus she is exposed to
these special training techniques, which in turn make her a better athlete so she can perform
at the national level.” 

“You understand perfectly,” Kamoshida said, flourishing his hands, as if he had just settled a
peace accord or something. 

“Then that means you were lying earlier,” Naoto said.

“I’m so glad that even the police understand my methods of-….wait, what did you say?”
Kamoshida said. 

“Previously in your statement you said that you knew of nothing that was causing stress to
Suzui-san. However, if she was a starter, and she was undergoing rigorous training, one
would call that a source of stress. This is something you should have been aware of, given
that you’re an olympian, and a teacher. I find it odd that in your analysis of Suzui-san’s
mental state that you failed to take any of that into consideration.”

Kamoshida looked confused. Sadayo felt confused, but she thought she understood the
situation well: why hadn’t Kamoshida realized he was pushing Suzui too hard? 

“Am I being arrested?” Kamoshida asked Satonaka.

“Huh? Oh, no no, not at all. I apologize for her, Naoto is an excellent detective, but she can
get fixated on strange tangents. I have more than enough for my report. You and Ms.
Kawakami are free to go.” 

“Is this being treated as an attempted suicide, then?” Sadayo asked. 

“I’m sorry, I can’t share that information with you at this time,” Chie said. “Thank you
again.” 

*** 

When the door shut, Naoto held up a hand. Chie waited for the footsteps to fade. 

“Why are we doing this again?” Chie asked. “We already determined that Suzui didn’t have a
mental breakdown. It has nothing to do with our big case.” 

“That Kamoshida is interesting,” Naoto remarked. “Much more composed than I would have
given credit for. I even tried to rattle his cage a few times, but he held is own. Very
fascinating…” 

“You can’t answer my question with vague observations,” Chie protested. Naoto shut her
eyes and thought. 

“I don’t know how, but this feels important. So I’m going to pull on this string as long as I
can. Besides, that coach raped that girl. He needs to pay for that.” 



“Rape? I didn’t see a rape kit being done or anything to that effect,” Chie said. 

“He most likely used a condom, which means that nothing would have been found on her.
He’s careful and devious.” 

“More of a reason to take him down?” Chie asked.

“You’re starting to understand me, Chie-senpai.” 

Chie just sighed and closed her notebook. 



Chapter 84: 4/22 - Evening
Chapter Summary

Nanako gets a phone call.

Nanako leaned on the refrigerator door, looking at the ingredients inside. The idea of cooking
felt monumentally impossible, thanks to her Metaverse exhaustion. But big bro wasn’t
coming home for dinner, so unless she wanted takeout, cooking was all she had. Maybe she
could just make some noodles and -

Pi pi pi.

HARU: Nana-chan! The family I told you about wants to meet you for the job. Are you
available tomorrow after school? 

NANAKO: Yes, I am! Thank you so much again, Haru-senpai. Is there anything special I
need to do? Do I wear fancy clothes or something? 

HARU: Nana-chan, you’re so cute! No, your uniform is fine. I think you’ll like them a lot. 

NANAKO: Looking forward to it. See you tomorrow! 

If the babysitting job came through, maybe Nanako could pay off her holster, and then ask
Sano to make the next thing on her mind. It was hard with the deadline looming over their
head. Nanako had already spread the map out on her bed and tried to figure out how close
they were to the end of the palace, but she was pretty sure that the map was incomplete.

…Wait, she spread out the map! But the map was from the Metaverse! Did that mean they
were able to take objects out of the Metaverse? Could they use that for something? 

She pulled out her phone to call Ren and Morgana. Then hesitated. Maybe she could just
bring it up tomorrow. No need to call him right now, right? 

Except she wanted to, so badly.

Except she was also way too nervous to do it. 

Her phone rang and Nanako jumped from the fright. She hit the call accept button
immediately.

“Hello?” 

“Hi Nanako. How are you doing?” 

“Hi mom!” Nanako said, lighting up. She left the kitchen and hopped onto the couch in the
living room. “Sorry I haven’t called, it’s been really busy adjusting over here.” 



“Don’t worry about me, we’re doing fine over here. Though, we miss you every day. I
actually was calling to make sure you were safe and didn’t need anything. I saw on the news
that a girl from your school tried to commit suicide.” 

“Oh, yeah, that,” Nanako said. Her mind started to race again - how much did she want to tell
mom? She actually wanted to tell her everything, but she couldn’t. It would be safer to tell
her that she wasn’t involved - that she really didn’t see anything and she didn’t know the
girl. 

But, that was a bit of a slippery slope. Naoto and Chie had been there, what if they let it slip
to big bro? 

“I actually saw the whole thing,” Nanako said. The words were release. It was as if a ball of
stress and trauma that had been locked in her heart was freed. 

“Oh, my dear Nanako, that must have been horrible. Are you okay?” 

“Yes, I think so. I mean, it was horrible. But, I ran over to help her as soon as she landed.”

“Of course you did, because you’re your father’s daughter,” mom said. 

“She was in a lot of pain, and she’s still in a coma…but I think she’s going to be okay. I went
with her to the hospital.” 

“Oh, Nanako…” 

“It’s fine, mom. I mean it was scary and probably traumatic but…I was glad I was able to do
something. It makes it seem less hopeless, you know?” 

“Well, needless to say, I’m proud of you. Your father will be too, once I tell him.” 

Nanako winced. “Do you think he’ll want to bring me home?” 

“He already wants to bring you home. But he won’t. He has more faith in you than he lets on.
But if you want to come home, you just need to say the word.” 

“Thanks, mom. I’m doing well here.”

“How about your friend?” 

“He’s doing well, too, I think. We’ve made some new friends.” 

“I’m glad to hear it. I love you, Nanako.” 

“Love you too, mom.” 

They hung up. Nanako sighed and looked at the lights of Shibuya. How lucky was she to
have two loving parents? And her mom chose her, too. Sometimes that thought overwhelmed,
Nanako. She had so much love. She just wished that everyone else could, too. 



Pi pi pi.

REN: Are you hungry? 

NANAKO: Starving. 

REN: Good. Meet me at Central Street. 

Nanako was suddenly a lot less sleepy. 



Chapter 85: 4/22 - Evening
Chapter Summary

A challenge is issued.

“This is foolishness!” Nanako declared. 

“It’s…so much…” Morgana said. 

“There’s no reason for this! None at all!” Nanako continued. 

“I think they used a whole head of lettuce…” Morgana mused. 

“What are you trying to prove?!” Nanako pleaded. 

“It’s gonna take some serious guts to finish that off…” 

“Enough!” Ren said with a pound of his fist on the table. “I am thou, and thou art I, Comet
Burger!” 

Ren grunted when he lifted it off the table. 

Twenty minutes later, Ren had his glasses off and was resting his head on the table. About a
third of the burger was left when the employee came to clean it up. 

“The surface of this table is so cool…” Ren muttered. “I think I have a fever…can you get a
fever from meat…?” 

Nanako pat his head gently. 

“It’s okay. You’ll get it next time.” 

Nanako helped him to the train station. She felt like her kindness raised a little. 



Chapter 86: 4/23 - Morning
Chapter Summary

Japanese lesson.

-=8 DAYS UNTIL EXPULSION=- 

“There are several important Japanese story telling forms that are vital to our traditional
culture,” Kawakami-sensei said during the morning lesson. “One of these is called rakugo.
There are several key elements needed to properly perform rakugo, but there’s always one
object the storyteller needs. Do you know what it is…Takamaki-chan?” 

“A microphone?” 

Kawakami-sensei sighed. Ann winced. 

“No, Takamaki, it’s an traditional form, they didn’t have microphones back then. What about
you, Dojima?” 

“A fan,” Nanako said. 

“Yes, very good! The rakugo performer, or rakugoka, always has a fan to use as a prop. In
fact, the fan is the only prop they are allowed to use in traditional rakugo.” 

Nanako felt a little smarter. 



Chapter 87: 4/23 - After School
Chapter Summary

Nanako gets a job.

“Nana-chan, I feel like there’s perhaps something I should share with you,” Haru said. “But
I’m nervous, because it may seem like I wasn’t entirely honest with you.” 

“You mean the fact that you come from a wealthy family?” Nanako asked. Haru looked
absolutely shocked.

“Wha-! How did you know that?” 

“Well, the cake from the other day was extremely delicious and not the kind you could get
except from a fancy cake shop. And your favorite pink sweater is made from a high-end
brand. And well, to be honest….this.” 

Nanako made a vague motion all around them. They were being driven to their destination in
a private black car, driven by a uniformed chauffeur. 

“Oh. Yes, well I suppose those would give it away…you really are a policeman’s daughter.
Are you going to be the next great detective?” 

“Ah, I don’t know about any of that, it was just a little deduction-” 

Nanako was cut off when Haru bent over in a makeshift bow. 

“I deeply apologize for my deception. I sincerely hope that you will forgive me.” 

“It’s okay, Haru-senpai, really. It’s not really a ‘deception.’ You didn’t want me to treat you
differently because your family had money, right? I understand that. Believe it or not, you’re
not my first wealthy friend,” Nanako said. Haru sat up. 

“I’m relieved. It is exactly as you say, I’ve had a lot of complex issues with friendships in the
past because of my family. It’s rare that I meet someone who doesn’t know who I am, so
when you didn’t seem to know…” Haru trailed off. 

“I understand. In fact, I already told you I understood! So stop apologizing, okay?” 

Haru smiled. “Yes. Thank you, Nana-chan.” 

The car slowed long enough for a security guard to come up to the chauffeur’s window. They
exchanged a few words, then the security guard opened a parking garage. Nanako had



expected to see many cars stacked inside, but instead there were only three in a garage that
looked like it could hold twenty. The drive stopped in front of an elevator, and Haru and
Nanako got out. 

“Does this building not have many tenants?” Nanako asked.

“Hm? Oh, no, this whole house is owned by the family,” Haru said. 

Nanako worked to keep her composure. It was true, Haru wasn’t her first wealthy friend -
Rise lived an idol’s life, and Nanako had gotten to experience a lot of interesting and lavish
things as a result of being her friend. But Rise lived in hotels. This was a legitimate mansion. 

The interior of the elevator had a marble floor and beautiful white walls with golden buttons.
Haru pressed the button and waited for the elevator to rise.

“Is there anything I should know about this family?” 

“Hm? Oh, right, I’m sorry, I forgot to tell you. The father is-” 

Ding. 

The doors slid open. Haru motioned Nanako forward. The room was gorgeous - it was an
open floor plan with more marble floors. There was the sound of a piano playing in the
background, and Nanako knew for a fact it was a grand piano. There was beautiful art on the
walls, and a modern spiral staircase that led up towards the next floor. One wall of the home
was all windows, looking down onto the neighborhood filled with large modern homes and
dotted with trees. 

Standing by these huge windows was a man in his early 40s. He was thin and had a sort of
rubbery quality to his body as he danced to the piano music. The piano piece - was it Chopin?
- was quick and flourishing, but certainly not the kind you would dance to. Yet the man
danced to it anyway. 

And the strangeness didn’t stop there. He wore black silk pants, a black tanktop and a leopard
print silk shirt that draped over his shoulders. His hair was long and a bit unkempt, and he
wore wide rose-colored sunglasses. He also had a well-kept, upturned mustache.

A very famous mustache, actually. 

“Ahhh, Haru-chaaaan!” the man said when he turned around. He held out his arms wide to
his side as if waiting for a hug. 

“Hello, Uncle Aki,” Haru said. She tried to look composed and dignified, but apparently the
offer of the hug was too much to resist. She leaned in and hugged the man briefly. 

“Uncle Aki, this is Nanako Dojima, my friend from school. She’s the one that I told you
about.” 

“Hello, sir,” Nanako said. She wasn’t exactly sure what to call him. Apparently his name was
“Aki” but that wasn’t the name Nanako knew him by. 



This was Zazabatta. 

Zazabatta was a very famous comedian in Japan. Perhaps the most famous comedian in
Japan. He was known for his outrageous characters, flamboyant outfits, and a mustache that
looked like he had stolen it from a 19th century European soldier. Nanako had watched him as
a kid and always found him hilarious. Everyone did. She couldn’t remember a single person
who didn’t think Zazabatta was funny, especially in his older movies. 

A few years ago, Zazabatta also started performing rakugo - a type of traditional Japanese
storytelling that came from the Buddhist monks. It was a bit old fashioned for a comedian on
the cutting edge of propriety, but he was credited for modernizing the art form.

And Haru was apparently his friend. 

No, not just his friend. Family-like. What on earth did Haru’s family do? 

“Please, just call me Aki-san. Zazabatta is a character who doesn’t exist when I’m at home,”
he explained. Nanako bowed.

“Yes, thank you Aki-san. It’s a pleasure to meet you.” 

“Come, let’s sit,” Aki-san said. He motioned for them to go to a nearby couch, where they
got comfortable. “So Haru-chan thinks that you might be a good caretaker for my Mei-Mei.
Tell me about yourself.” 

“Ah, well, I am a recent transfer student to Shujin Academy. I live in Shibuya with my big
bro who’s looking after me while I’m here.” 

“Ah, and where did you live before?” 

“In a small town, Yaso-Inaba,” Nanako said. 

“Ohhh, yes, I’ve been to Inaba once. I think. Is it the place with the tough man who knits?” 

“You mean Kanji Tatsumi? Yes, he lives there.” 

“I thought so. Yes, I’ve been to Inaba once. My Mei-Mei liked one of the dolls he made and
so I stopped through to buy one,” Aki-san said.

“Ah, he’s actually a friend of mine,” Nanako said. “I’m glad Mei-chan liked the doll.” 

“Oh she loves it. I think she still loves it, not that she’ll admit to it these days,” he said with a
wide smile. “I’ll be honest with you, Nanako-chan, my Mei-Mei is not easy. She is very
dismissive of people and does not make friends easily. It took me forever to find a good
caretaker last time, and Haru-chan was only able to fill in because she’s known Mei-Mei
since birth. I think you’ll do a good job, but to be honest, if she doesn’t like you I won’t be
able to take you on.” 

“I understand,” Nanako said. “May I meet her?” 



“Of course! Mei-Mei! Get over here you goof-poof!” 

The piano playing stopped. There was the sound of small footsteps on the marble floor.
Nanako turned to look.

Mei was a girl of about eight or nine, if Nanako had to take a guess. She had long black hair
and wore an adorable black dress with white frills on the collar and sleeves. She had a very
serious expression and focused her dark eyes intently on Nanako.

“Hello. My name is Nanako. It’s nice to meet you, Mei.” 

“Not impressed,” Mei said. Nanako glanced to Haru, who was wincing. Then she glanced to
Aki-san. 

“Now now, Mei-Mei, you can’t make a declaration like that! You’ve only just met her.” 

“She is plain and boring. She will not be able to intellectually stimulate me, nor inspire me to
be better than I am. She will be little more than a babysitter, and I do not need a babysitter,
father.” 

Yikes. Haru had said Mei was very serious, but Nanako had underestimate just how serious
she was. A fluttering anxiety rose in her chest. She needed this job! She needed the money to
buy equipment for the Phantom Thieves. There was only 8 days left, she couldn’t waste one
going to this interview and not come out with a job!

Nanako stood up. 

She walked right past Mei.

She sat at the piano. 

She shut her eyes and took several deep breaths. 

It’d been a while since she played seriously. But she had taken lessons all the way up until
last year - a way for her to honor her mother and to become closer to her. She had been a
piano teacher, and dad had loved when Nanako took an interest. 

What to play, what to play…

Moonlight Sonata. Beethoven. 

It wasn’t the most technically challenging piece. In fact, Nanako was sure that Mei had
probably played it when she was six or seven. Many children played it due to the the relative
ease of the piece. But the mastery of Moonlight Sonata was not in memorizing the keys, but
in the nuance and expression the player could put into it. 

This was a risk, though. Mei was a child. Were her ears sensitive and refined enough to
understand the nuance Nanako would place in it? Or would she only be impressed by
technical prowess? 



Could Nanako even play the piece as passionately as she wanted. 

She played the first notes and thought of the moonlight.

She thought of the cold dark February night in Inaba.

She thought of the mysterious boy who was now the leader of a group of phantom thieves.
The boy who had stolen her heart. She thought of his liquid grace and his exquisite
loneliness. 

She finished the piece a few minutes later. 

Nanako stood up and quickly rubbed a tear away from each eye. She looked at the others.
Haru had her hands on her mouth in amazement. Aki-san looked impressed. 

Mei examined Nanako.

“She will do.” 

Nanako bowed. “Thank you, Mei-chan. I’m looking forward to getting to know you.” 

The rest of the meeting was short and concise - Aki-san was busy, and sometimes he wasn’t
able to pick up Mei from school and help her with homework, and so on. On those days,
Nanako would pick up Mei and take care of her while until Aki-san or Mei’s mother returned
home. Apparently her mom was very busy too. 

“I know that makes the job a little inconsistent, but…” 

“That works fine for me,” Nanako said. 

“Great. I’ll have my assistant email you a schedule. It was nice meeting you, Nanako-chan.
Oh, and Haru-chan, congratulations again!” 

“T-thank you,” Haru said, blushing. Nanako wasn’t sure what Haru was being congratulated
about, but Haru had a look on her face that seemed to indicate asking would be a bad idea.
Now wasn’t the time. 

They got back into the elevator and into Haru’s car. 

“Nana-chan, I didn’t know you played piano! That was so moving.” 

“Thanks. I took lessons for a long time, I stopped when I got into high school to start
focusing on my studies,” Nanako said. “Oh, I forgot to ask how much I was getting paid…” 

Pi pi pi. 

Nanako opened her email app. Aki-san’s assistant had already emailed a bunch of
information to Nanako, including the pay.

Nanako nearly dropped the phone.



“That much!? For a day?” 

“No, Nana-chan, it’s that much per hour.” 

Well. Nanako would be able to pay for the holster after all. 

Nanako felt a little more charming, now that she had played her beautiful recital. 

=====

SOCIAL LINK RANK UP

The Priestess: Mei 

Level 1



Chapter 88: 4/23 - Evening
Chapter Summary

Nanako finds a cat.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Pi pi pi. Pi pi pi. Pi pi pi. 

Nanako’s phone was blowing up as she walked into her building. She stumbled through
finding her keys while trying to keep up with all the notifications. 

YU: Running a bit late. 

Not unusual. Nanako ignored that one. 

HARU: Uncle Aki says to check your email when you get a chance! 

Nanako stumbled past someone exiting the elevator. She apologized three times, then tried to
open her email app. There was a payment notification. Nanako opened it and saw that 30,000
yen had been deposited into her account. She was about to text Haru back, when she noticed
the next message. 

AKI-SAN: Nanako, thank you for coming today. I forgot to pay you for your time in meeting
and convincing my daughter, so I sent a payment. We look forward to getting to know you
better. 

Nanako couldn’t believe it. She had just been paid to go on a job interview. Surely, working
among the rich and wealthy had some major advantages that Nanako hadn’t thought of before
- I mean, to give someone 30,000 yen for accepting a job? But she wasn’t going to argue
about it. She quickly texted her thanks to both Haru and Aki-san.

That’s when she noticed she was on the wrong floor. In all the chaos, she had forgotten to
push the button. Feeling slightly embarrassed when the man on the elevator left, she pushed
it. 

She was actually one floor above Ann’s at the moment, which gave her an idea. 

NANAKO: Hey! Come down for dinner! 

ANN: What? Right now? 

NANAKO: Well like, in an hour or so? I just got a job, so I’m in a celebrating mood! My big
bro will be home in a bit, and I’ll have all the food ready by then. You can meet him, he’s



nice. 

ANN: Okay! See you then. 

Nanako had a big warm glow in her heart. It was so nice to be able to invite a friend - a real
friend - on a whim to dinner. It was the sort of thing she had dreamed about when she was
younger. As she waited for the elevator to get back down to her floor, she opened up another
message. 

NANAKO: I got yo money, foo. 

SANO: Um…what? 

NANAKO: Sorry, I was trying to be funny. I have the money for the holster! 

SANO: Oh, cool, I just finished it, actually. You want to come by the shop? 

NANAKO: Actually, can you bring it to school tomorrow? I can pay you right afterwards, I
promise.

SANO: Mmm…you want me to bring a gun holster to school…

NANAKO: Okay, you rather I meet you before? 

SANO: Nah. I don’t mind a little danger. After all, I just have the holster, you’re the one with
the gun. 

SANO: Where do you want to meet? 

NANAKO: The roof. Don’t worry, it’ll be open. Oh, and I’ll have another order to put in,
too. 

SANO: All right! See ya then! 

Nanako let out a sigh of relief. Finally, all the notifications were dealt with, and she could
stop stumbling her way through going home. She dug out her keys and quickly pushed the
door open. 

“Nyaaaan, senpaaaiii, can you help me? Something really weird has happened~” 

Nanako froze. Was that a woman’s voice…? 

She reached for her gun out of habit. It wasn’t a real gun, but it looked pretty real, so maybe
it would scare out the intruder. 

“Pleeease, senpai, my body feels so warm, nyan. I think something from the TV world has
infected me, and it’s making my head feel so dizzy…” 

Nanako slipped the gun away. That voice…was it…? 

She stepped into the living room. 

“Oh, finally senpai- AACK!” 

“Oh! My! God!” Nanako yelled.

She stared.

Rise stared back.

Nanako slapped her hands over her eyes.



“I’msorryI’msorryI’msorryI’msorryI’msorryI’msorryI’msorry!” she cried as Nanako ran to
her bedroom as fast she could.

“Nanako, wait!” 

Slam!

Ohgodohgodohgodohgodohgodohgodohgod!

Nanako tried to push the image out of her head, but her eye for detail was too strong.

Rise had been waiting on the couch. It was definitely Rise, Nanako knew that without a
doubt, between her voice and the auburn hair. But…she’d also been wearing a school
uniform. The Yasogami High uniform, to be exact. Well, she’d been mostly wearing it. The
front had been left partially open, exposing the cups of a pink leopard print bra. The same
pink leopard print had been on the cat ears that Rise was wearing, and her lipstick was the
same bright shade of candy pink.  To top it all off, Rise also had a black leather collar with a
little gold bell. 

Nanako felt like she’d just matured a little too quickly. 

There was a small knock on the door and Nanako leapt up, startled. 

“Nanako? I’m sorry, I forgot you were here! Can I come in?” 

“I…uh…”

“Oh! I changed, don’t worry!” 

“O-okay,” Nanako said. 

The door crept open. True to her word, Rise had changed out of the uniform at what must’ve
been lightning speed - or else Nanako had just been staring at the wall for longer than she
realized. Now she was wearing an orange tank-top with the logo to her last tour, Citrus
Dreams, and some comfortable lounge shorts. 

“Um, Rise, you have uh…” Nanako motioned at her neck. Rise reached up to touch the
collar, heard the bell ring, and yelped. She unsnapped it off her neck and quickly put it behind
her back. 

“Nanako, I’m so so sorry! I just got back this morning and I’m totally turned around on the
time, and I put the dates wrong in my phone, I forgot you were moving in with us. I’m so
terribly embarrassed, I promise we’re not usually like that, and it’ll be absolutely the last time
that happens, I want you to be totally comfortable here. Did I weird you out too much?” 

“…Us?” Nanako asked. Rise frowned.

“Um, yeah, Yu and…” Rise’s eyes widened. “Did he not tell you we live together!?” 

“You’re dating!?” 



“Ugh, he was supposed to tell you! I can’t believe he moved you into my house and didn’t
even tell you!” 

“This is your place?!” 

“Okay. I am no longer embarrassed. This isn’t my fault. This isn’t your fault. It’s his.” 

They both turned their heads when they heard keys working on the door lock. They both
walked out into the living room and crossed their arms. 

Rise looked at Nanako. Nanako understood that look. She was taught that look when she was
just a child, back when Rise and the other girls were all in high school and there had been a
mishap about the bath times. A look that indicated that they, as women, needed to unite
against the man who wronged them, and to show no mercy. 

Nanako felt very honored to be receiving the look, and gave the same look back. She nodded
in solidarity. 

The door opened. Yu glanced at Nanako and smiled. Then looked at Rise and smiled.

Then he stopped smiling. He slowly took off his glasses, put them in his front pocket, and
shut his eyes. 

“It has been a good life,” he said to himself. 

Chapter End Notes

Shout-out to whoever it was that guessed this like three weeks ago. I'm impressed!



Chapter 89: 4/23 - Evening
Chapter Summary

Nanako hosts Ann.

“I just want to say again how sorry I am for all of this, Nanako.” 

“It’s really all right. I understand the situation now,” Nanako said. She sat at the dinner table
across from Rise, who was now wearing a gorgeous pink dress, something that she might
wear at a red carpet event. Nanako had changed into a far simpler sweater and a pair of jeans.
“And I’m happy for you two, I really am!” 

“Thanks! That means a lot to me. Especially from you.” 

Two years ago, Rise and Yu had reconnected. They saw each other with the rest of the group
pretty regularly, but when Yu had been transferred to writing about idols, he had called Rise
to try and get a little help. Rise was more than happy to give him what she knew, and as a
result, they started talking again and decided to give their romantic relationship another try.
According to Rise, she had never really stopped having feelings for Yu, despite the fact Yu
had been in a pretty serious relationship in the meantime. 

They kept the relationship a secret at first because they wanted some time and space to figure
each other out. But even after that had happened, they needed to keep it quiet to the general
public. Idols didn’t have boyfriends. They needed to be perpetually single so that the fans
could always dream they had a chance with them, and Risette was no exception. Rise
explained that this was why so many idols mysteriously and conveniently got married when
they turned 30: when their “life span” as an idol ran out. Of course, many times these girls
had already gotten married, but only publicly announced it at 30. 

The group knew about the relationship, and Yu and Rise had wanted to tell Nanako and her
dad about it, but it just never seemed to come up at a good time, or so they said. When
Nanako asked to move to Tokyo, Yu and Rise decided they had to tell her as soon as she got
there. That task had been left to Yu, since Rise was on tour.

Except he never got around to it. He claimed that he was so used to keeping it a secret that he
forgot he was supposed to tell her. Plus, she had only been in town a week, and there had
been a lot going on. 

Rise had declared that was not an acceptable excuse, and the proper penance must be paid! 

Bing! The door bell rang. 

“Ah, that must be the food!” Rise said. 



“I really didn’t mind cooking,” Nanako said.

“Nonsense, there’s no way anyone is doing dishes on my first day back home. It’s all on me,
so don’t worry about a thing.” 

Bing!

“Ahem! Why is the doorbell ringing twice? This is unacceptable, butler!” Rise called.

Yu ran out from the kitchen, dressed in a full butler’s uniform. 

“Yes, my lady, my most humble apologies! I shall get the door right away.” 

“And why are you getting the door?” Rise asked.

“Because the queen’s orders are absolute!” 

Rise crossed her arms and let a satisfied smile spread across her face. Yu opened the door.

“Oh, um. Hello. You must be Nanako’s older brother?” 

“Tonight, I am just the manservant,” Yu said with a low bow. “Would you like me to
announce you?” 

“Oh no, I totally forgot!” Nanako said, jumping to her feet. “I invited a friend over.” 

“Oh? That’s great! Have her join us, I ordered a ton of food,” Rise said. Nanako rushed over
to the door. 

“Hi Ann! Sorry, I uh…well, my evening has gone very differently than I thought it was going
to,” Nanako said sheepishly. “But come in! We ordered food, it should be here soon.” 

“Yes, and when the doorbell rings it will be answered on the first ring, correct?” Rise called
out. 

“Yes, of course my lady. The queen’s orders are absolute,” Yu said. 

“I uh…” Ann said, looking at Yu. Nanako felt like she was blushing into a tomato. 

“I’m sorry, normally they’re only kinda strange. This is um…I’m not even sure how to
process it,” Nanako said honestly. 

‘They? Who else is here?” Ann asked. Nanako led Ann past the entryway and into the dining
room. 

“Oh, right. This is Rise, my brother’s girlfriend,” Nanako said. 

“W-what!?” Ann grabbed Nanako by the sleeve and pulled her to the side. “That’s Risette!” 

“Hm? Oh, right, yeah, it is. I always forget that, she’s just Rise to me.” 



“You’re friends with Risette!?” 

“Mhm. She’s real nice, come on.” 

“No way, I’m not ready for this…” Ann said. “I should go before I do something stupid.” 

“Any stupider than my big bro pretending to be a butler? It’s fine, trust me.” 

“Ah ha ha ha…hi, my name is Ann Takamaki. It’s really nice to meet you.” 

“It’s nice to meet you too! You can just call me Rise…say, wait a second. I know you.” 

“You do?” Ann said, surprised.

“Yes…oh! I got it. Last month’s issue of Vague. You were page 34, gray cardigan over black
tanktop, black leggings, black ankle-high boots, gold chain belt, big round sunglasses,” Rise
recited.

“Y-yeah! That was me.” 

“I never forget a fashion. You looked great in that shot, you’re very talented,” Rise said. 

“W-wow, um, thank you. That means a lot to me coming from you.” 

Bing!

Yu got the door immediately and paid the delivery man. A few minutes later, Yu came out to
the dining table with all of the food placed onto serving platters. Rise had been right, she did
order too much food. 

“This is a feast!” Ann declared. 

“Well there’s lots to celebrate. Nanako got a new job. I returned home. And I made a new
friend,” Rise said, motioning to Ann. Ann blushed. 

“Thank you so much for having me over. It looks delicious!” 

“Then let’s eat!” Rise declared. “Oh, and butler?” 

“Yes, my lady?” 

“You can go change and come back and eat now. The rest of your penance shall be paid
later.” 

“You are a most kind ruler. I shall obey. The queen’s orders are absolute!” 

Yu went to change. Ann shook her head, impressed.

“Wow, she really has him wrapped around her finger, huh?” 



“Mm, a bit. But big bro just likes to have fun, too. I think he liked being the butler for a bit,”
Nanako said. 

“It was pretty funny,” Ann said. “He’s good-looking, too. No wonder he was able to catch
someone like Risette.” 

“He’s a good guy,” Nanako said. 

Yu returned a few minutes later and the conversation got a bit more normal. Yu and Rise
asked Ann about her family and her life and her career goals, which she shared without
hesitation. 

“Hm…well, I was just doing modeling as a part time job. Just a thing to do to make a little
money. But I think I might want to expand into acting, too.” 

“Acting is hard,” Rise said. “If you want to do it, you have to be very committed. And even
then it’s not always enough.” 

“Yeah, that’s the one thing that kinda holds me back…but then I remember other people who
don’t have the same opportunities as me, and it makes me want to try even harder.” 

“That’s an admirable quality,” Yu said. “Don’t give on that, Ann-chan. If Rise can learn to
act, anyone can.” 

“Hey! What are you saying about my acting skills?” 

“I’m just saying, compared to my skill you’re but an amateur.” 

“Your skill?! You’ve never acted at all!” 

“Not true. There was the Miss Yasogami pageant.” 

Rise groaned while Yu grinned at her. Nanako laughed too. 

It was nice to have a full house. 

Soon the trash had to be thrown out, and the time was inching along. Yu and Rise said their
goodbyes to Ann and Nanako and retreated to their bedroom. 

“Ugh, it’s getting late. I don’t wanna go, though…” 

“I know, me neither. But if I don’t fall asleep soon, I might hear something I don’t want to
hear…” Nanako said, eyeing the hallway that led to their bedroom. Ann laughed. 

“You were right, Rise was very nice. And she gave good advice, too. Thanks for inviting me,
Nanako. This was really fun.” 

“Yeah. It was. And I think these days, we need all the fun we can get.” 

Nanako let Ann out and waved goodbye. She felt like her bond with her would deepen soon. 






Chapter 90: 4/24 - After School
Chapter Summary

Nanako completes a sale.

-=7 DAYS UNTIL EXPULSION=-

Nanako and Ann were at the roof before anyone else. When the door swung open, a
surprised-looking Sano walked through. 

“Oh, hey Takamaki. I was just…uh…” 

“It’s fine, she knows,” Nanako said. “Actually she’s here to place an order, too.” 

“Oh, really? Okay. Well, first thing’s first.” Sano dug into his bag and pulled out a package.
The package was wrapped in brown paper and tied carefully with a bit of string. The paper
had the Sano Leatherworks mark on it. Even the wrapping was high quality…

“And here you are,” Nanako said, handing Sano the cash in an envelope. This felt super
shady, and it was kinda exciting. Sano slipped the envelope in his bag without counting the
money. 

“So, you’re into cosplay too, Takamaki? That’s awesome. I wouldn’t have thought that, since
you’re a model and all,” Sano said.

“Oh, yeah, well…I think it’s fun. And also, I’m hoping that land a few cosplay modeling
jobs. They pay pretty well,” Ann said. She had her hands behind her back and her fingers
were constantly fidgeting. She wasn’t a very good liar, Nanako decided. 

“Nice. So, what do you need?” 

“A whip,” Nanako said. 

“Huh? Really? Like a whip-whip?” 

“Well, I don’t want you to break the law, so if there’s like, rules or something to make it a
costume rather than a weapon, then follow those. But something you can swing around as
realistically as possible,” Nanako said. 

Sano folded his arms. “Hmm…I’ve never made a whip before. But I’m sure I can figure it
out. Okay, I’ll message you later when I figure out how much it’ll cost and how long it will
take me.” 



“Sounds good.” 

“…Do I get to know what the cosplay is, yet?” 

“Not yet,” Nanako said.

“But it’s a good one,” Ann said with a flirty wink. This made Sano blush a little. 

“Y-yeah, cool. Well, see ya.” Sano said. As he head through the door, Nanako could hear him
muttering: “A book, a gun, a whip…what could they be doing…” 

“A real whip?” Ann asked when Sano was out of sight. 

“Sure, something for you to practice with,” Nanako said. “Our cognition of our abilities
enhances what we can do in the Metaverse - if we believe we can do it, we can. So you don’t
really have to know how to use a whip, but if you did, then your cognition would
automatically improve, right?” 

“Huh. Okay, if you say so.” Ann frowned. “Are we going to have to actually cosplay at some
point?” 

“Ugh, don’t remind me,” Nanako said. 

The door opened again and the boys came striding in. 

“We ready to do this?” Ryuji asked, stretching his arms back and forth. Nanako held her
package. 

“Yep. Let’s do it.” 

Beginning navigation.

As usual, the boys stood a dozen feet away staring at the castle while Ann kept one eye on
them as Nanako changed.

She really hated this part of the process. Not that she was worried the boys were going to
sneak a peek, but just the fact that it took her so long to get ready. She felt like she was
slowing them down by having to change from one uniform to another. It also didn’t help that
her “disguise” was so lame in comparison to theirs. Maybe she’d have to find a different
outfit to change into rather than her Yasogami High uniform. 

The uniform was on, but now it was time for the holster. She unwrapped it and held it out. 

It was made of the same beautiful brown leather as her Compendium strap, and it was
remarkably soft. She gave it a smell and savored the aroma of it. 

…It was also sorta small. Nanako frowned, trying to figure out how to put it on. 

“Hey, uh, Ann?” 



She turned and walked over.

“Oh, I think it goes here,” Ann said. 

“What? Why did he pick that one…” 

“Ooh, it looks good on you! Except your skirt is too low…”

“H-hey!” 

“I’m just rolling it up a couple of inches, relax. You have nice legs anyway, you should show
them off.” 

“That’s not the point!”

“Sure, but you want access to the gun don’t you?” 

“Ah, I guess,” Nanako admitted. 

“Okay but it looks weird if you stand like that, do it with a little more confidence! Here put
your hip out like this, and then straighten your back a little and then…there! Hey boys, what
do you think?” Ann called. 

They turned. 

Nanako felt a rush of embarrassment when they looked at her, but also a bit of pride at
Ryuji’s mouth-gaping reaction. Nanako’s skirt was a little higher, and her pose was meant to
accentuate the new thigh holster now strapped around her right leg. 

“Nice…” Ryuji muttered. 

“Very stylish,” Morgana said. Nanako looked over to Ren and adjusted her glasses.

“What do you think?” 

Ren spun around dramatically, his coat flagging behind him.

“Baby baby baby…” 

“H-hey!” Nanako complained. 

They began their infiltration. 



Chapter 91: 4/24 - Palace of Lust
Chapter Summary

Skull invents something.

“What the eff! Seriously!” 

“Calm down, Skull,” Panther said. “You’re going to attract the Shadows!” 

“It’s okay, I almost got it…” Nanako said. “Just a little closer…” 

Nanako was hanging from the end of Joker’s grappling hook. The thieves had made their way
into the second tower, only to find that the next passage was locked. They had managed to
find the key attached to a shadow, but Panther had hit it a little too hard with a fire blast and
knocked the key down the stiarwell. The stairwell was rotted and collapsed, which is how
Nanako ended up dangling by the end of the cable.

Her fingers brushed against the key twice before she finally grabbed hold of it.

“Go!” she called. There was a sudden and immediate yank. She was sent flying upward until
she reached the apex, then released it. She seemed to float in the air a moment.

Joker caught her.

“Thank you, darling leader,” Nanako said with a wink. Joker grinned and set her down.

“Yoink!” Mona said as he took the key from Nanako and rushed off to the next door. 

The palace had become a lot more secure in the past two days, and they weren’t sure why.
Yes, they had attacked and threatened Kamothreeda, but Mona felt that wouldn’t have made
enough changes to what was going on in the palace. Nearly every room had bars and locks
now, and the number of guards had doubled. 

“Cognition in the real world changed,” Mona had said. “Something has Kamoshida spooked,
and as a result the palace is on an even heavier lockdown than before.” 

“Why would that happen? Did any of you say anything to Kamoshida!?” Panther had said.

“What!? No way. I hate that asshole,” Skull had said. 

“No,” Joker had said. 

“Not me,” Nanako had said. 



“It’s not important. Maybe someone else got a little too close to the truth - someone who
wasn’t in on his little cabal and wasn’t going to look the other way. The thing that matters is
that the palace is going to be harder to get through and we will need to work even harder.” 

And so work harder they did. 

They made good progress - they got more of the map, and were well into the upper levels.
They knew now that the treasure was most likely located at the top of the highest tower of the
castle. They had found more safe rooms. 

But they weren’t going to fully secure the route today. Skull and Panther were losing steam.
Nanako herself was starting to feel a bit drained. Even Joker seemed a bit less energetic. 

They slipped into the next hallway and stealthed their way down to the end. Nanako peered
around the corner, saw nothing, and got up to slide behind another couch. 

“Wait, Angel!” Joker called.

When Nanako was in the center of the hall, a knight, glowing red, appeared. It charged
headlong, then burst in a hideous sound of distorted splatter, forming into several shadows. 

Nanako snapped up her gun from the thigh holster, took a deep breath, and fired. The shot
struck a Pixie and knocked it off her flight course, sending her crashing to the ground. The
shot was enough to cause a slight hesitation of the remaining shadows. Nanako used that
hesitation to turn on her heel and run back down the hallway. 

Skull was running towards her.

“Hell yeah, pass the baton!” he yelled. Nanako wasn’t sure what he meant by that, but he had
his hand out. She gave it a high five out of instinct. 

Skull had a wild grin as he skid to a halt and held out his shot gun. He fired it off an
approaching Angel.

The blast struck true, but also much more powerfully than Nanako had expected - he’d shot
at Angels before, but he had never evaporated one in a single blast. Skull looked down at his
gun, a little surprised.

“Mreow! That’s a great idea!” Mona yelled.  “Quick, pass it to me!” 

Mona zipped by and Skull gave him a high five. 

A sultry Succubus was right behind the Angel. Mona stopped right in front of Skull.

“Witness my resolve!” 

Zorro appeared and with a flourish of his sword sent a blast of wind at the Succubus. Nanako
knew they were weak to wind attacks, but again this was more more powerful than it
normally should have been. Nanako even noticed this time that there was a strange aura
rippling around Mona, a dull ring of fire around his feet. 



“Do it, Joker!” Mona said, leaping over Skull. He gave Joker a high-five mid-flip. 

He pulled off his mask. 

“Arsene! Ravage them!” 

There were only two left - Cait Siths who were trembling at the sight of Joker and his
personal Persona. The victorian demon lunged forward and drove his claws into both cat-
creatures and tore them into black sludge. 

Panther whipped the injured Pixie and finished it off. 

The battle was over, and it was completely one-sided. The shadows didn’t even get off one
attack. 

“Mreo-haha! What a lucky idea you’ve stumbled across,” Mona said. 

“What do you mean?” Skull asked. 

“That baton pass! When Angel hit the first one with her gun it intimidated the others. Then
the high five intimidated them further, as if there was a plan in place. It changed their
cognition of the battle! The more weak points we hit, the stronger they perceived we were,
which made us stronger and stronger in each subsequent attack.” 

“Nice job, Skull!” Nanako said with a big smile. “It’s a cool strategy we can use in future
fights.” 

“And to think you found it because you were doing a stupid track yell,” Panther said. 

“Yeah, yeah,” Skull grumbled. Joker put a hand on his shoulder. 

“You did good. Keep up that enthusiasm.” 

“You got it, leader.” 



Chapter 92: 4/24 - Palace of Lust
Chapter Summary

Will.

Chapter Notes

Guess who started playing P5R?

Man, it's so good. So many quality improvements, new ideas, new fun stuff!

“Hey…what’s that over there?” 

The thieves stopped on their ascent. Nanako pointed to a door on the opposite end of a gap in
the hallway. On the other end was another lavish door, like so many they had passed through
on their quest for the treasure. Except this one was covered in vines. 

There was whispering. An echoing whisper that rumbled from beneath the edges of the door. 

“A Will Seed,” Mona said. 

“What’s that?” Skull asked.

“It’s where the desire grew out of. Pure, coalesced distortions of the palace’s ruler,” Mona
said.

“What does it do?” Panther asked.

“I uh…I don’t know. Once I sensed it, I knew what it was but…I’m not sure its purpose.” 

“Let’s take it,” Joker said, stepping onto the railing of the balcony.

“Whoah, wait, are you sure? What’s the point of that?” Nanako asked. 

“It has seed in the name. If we don’t take it, it will grow into something else, won’t it? If we
steal the treasure, will it matter if it grows right back?” 

“It’s an interesting point,” Mona said. “I want to take it too.” 

“I’m with Angel, I don’t think it’s a good idea,” Panther said. 



They all looked at Skull.

“Eh, let’s grab it.” 

“Outvoted,” Joker said with a grin. He whipped out his grappling hook, snagged onto one of
the many ornamental goat heads, and swung across with a flourish. 

“He thinks he’s so cool…” Nanako grumbled. “Hey, Mona, where’s my grappling hook?” 

“Huh? I only made one.” 

“Well make more! We can’t let him go by himself.” 

“Yeah, I want one too,” Skull said. 

Panther stepped past Nanako and stood on the railing. She wound up her arm then sent her
whip snapping up at the same goat head. It wrapped securely around it, and Panther gave it a
tug.

“Ha, I did it!” she said, smiling from ear to ear. “I believed I could do it, and I did! Come on
Angel, swing across.” 

“Huh? Me? You don’t want to go?” Nanako asked, approaching closer to Panther. Panther
leaned in.

“Come on, don’t you want a little alone adventure?” 

“W-what!? Why would I want that?” 

“It’s okay, it’s pretty obvious,” Panther said, winking. “I’m rooting for you, Nanako-chan!” 

She pushed Nanako. 

Nanako swung across the gap and landed on the other side. She pulled on the whip and it
gathered into her hands in a loose coil. She followed Joker into the room. 

More vines flowed into the center where a frightening wooden skull with a red hue stared up
from a vine-pedestal. Joker was kneeling, examining it. The whispering was louder now, and
it was undoubtedly Kamoshida’s voice. 

“Doesn’t look trapped,” Joker said. “I think we can just take it.” 

“Are you sure about this?” 

“No,” he said with a hungry smile. “Which is what makes me want to do it.” 

“There’s definitely a daredevil side to you, isn’t there?” 

“You too. I mean look at you, Miss Thigh Holster.” 

“You like it though, admit it.” 



“It’s a good look on you,” Joker said with a smirk. “Okay, here goes.” 

He swiped it. There was a strange pulse of power, and the whispering suddenly stopped. All
around the room, the vines began to whither and die. 

“Huh. Not even a shadow to protect it. What a strange thing…” Nanako mused.

“I think we can push on just a little more,” Joker said. “Then we better head back. I think it’ll
be better if we end the infiltration on a high.” 

“Yeah, good idea. Let’s go.” 

Joker strode out first. Nanako was just about the cross the threshold, when she heard another
voice.

Nana-chan!

She spun. 

“Teddie?”

Nana-chan…where are you…you have to be out there somewhere…it’s beary hard to find
you…

“Teddie!?” 

Nanako grabbed at the vines, pulling them away. They were so withered now that they
crumbled to dust in her fingers. She clawed all along the edges of the room, leaving a trail of
black flakes behind.

Nana-chan…I’m so sorry…

“Teddie!” 

But there was nothing. Just an empty room. 

“Nanako!”

Joker burst back through the door. Nanako stood there, staring at the wall, shuddering. 

He put her hands on her shoulders. His touch was surprisingly warm, even with the gloves. 

No wait, there were no gloves.

She turned.

His suit was gone, his form reverted back to his uniform. 

“Are you okay?” 

“Y-yeah. I’m okay. Sorry, I just…” 



“It’s fine. You don’t need to tell me. Just stay close, okay?” 

“Yes,” Nanako said. Ren nodded.

Then transformed back into Joker. 

They stepped onto the balcony, Nanako looking at the whip in her hand. Joker shook his
head.

“No way, let me carry you across.” 

“Thanks.” 

He wrapped his strong arm around her waist and they swung through the air to the other
side. 



Chapter 93: 4/24 - Evening
Chapter Summary

Rise.

Nanako stared blankly at the TV while she ate the luxurious leftovers from last night’s feast.
The day’s excursion into Kamoshida’s palace had brought good results, but it had left her
particularly tired. She couldn’t imagine doing anything other than sliding into bed as soon as
she was done eating and bathing. 

A figure leapt over the couch and landed deftly next to her.

“Soooooo…?” Rise asked. She was wearing a pair of cute, comfy shorts and a big sweater
with the word “LOVE” on it. The O was a heart. 

“Huh?” Nanako asked. Rise, who was on her knees, leaned forward a bit.

“Come on, tell me about the boy!” 

“W-what!?” Nanako coughed, choking on her food. She put the food down on the coffee
table and grabbed her cup of water and slurped it down.

“What boy?” Nanako said, trying to catch her breath.

“Nanako-chan, Yu already told me everything. Don’t be shy! I think the whole thing is bold
and romantic! You’re taking the actions of a mature young woman.” 

Nanako perked up. “Really? You think my actions are mature? Big bro thought they were
sorta stalkerish.” 

Rise rolled her eyes. “That’s because to him you’re still a six year old who sings the Junes
theme song. He doesn’t understand the determination it takes to be a young woman in love.
After all, if it weren’t for my bold actions, I would have never won Yu over in the first
place.” 

“Really? What do you mean?” 

Rise preened. “Well, as you know, I was already an idol when I met Yu, but I was taking a
break from the industry. I thought maybe I needed to figure out the real me. I was worried I
was losing myself to Risette. But after…” 

She paused, as if trying to figure out what to say next.



“After something happened, Yu and I got closer. I asked him to help me find out who the real
me was, and he was there every step of the way. That’s when I knew he was something
special. So I did everything I could to claim him as my own. I asked him to walk with me at
festivals, I invited him out all the time, and anything remotely romantic I pounced on. I
wanted it to be clear what my intentions were, to him and to everyone around me.” 

“Everyone around you?” 

“Well, yeah, there were so many other girls around, and I was the late comer! There was Chie
with her tomboyish charm and candid directness. And Yukiko is such a classical beauty. And
then there was Ebihara, and Yumi, and Ayane…” 

“He really was a manwhore…” Nanako whispered to herself. “But what about-” 

“La la la!” Rise said, slapping her hands to her ears. Nanako blinked, surprised. After a
moment, Rise put her hands down and looked embarrassed.

“Ah, sorry. I just don’t like talking about those years we were apart,” she admits. 

“Why not? I mean, they broke up. You two have been together for two years.” 

“I know. It’s silly. Stupid, even. But…I never stopped loving him. He broke up with me, you
know. He was heading off to university and he said I was…clingy.” 

“That’s rude!” Nanako said.

“It’s fine. I was on tour a lot, so I was checking in with him a lot. I thought I was doing the
right thing, but it turns out he was feeling overwhelmed by it. We were still teenagers, so
instead of communicating our way through it, he just broke it off. Then he had this huge
meaningful relationship afterwards and it bothered me. It made me feel like…our first
relationship was just a thing he did for fun. He wanted to be with the idol, or the hot girl,
or…I don’t know.” 

“And that makes you question your relationship with him now?” 

“Mostly not,” Rise said. “Mostly it’s fine. But every once in a while…it just hits me, out of
nowhere. And then I’m fifteen again, insecure.” 

She laughed.

“I guess I’m still a little insecure, even at 25. Love is hard. But I know I’ll get over it,” Rise
said. 

“He’s happy with you. I can see it when you walk in the room,” Nanako said. 

“Thanks…hey, wait! How did this get to be about me? You’re supposed to tell me about the
boy!” 

“Aw, I almost got away with it…” 



Nanako told Rise the story about her and Ren.

The safe one, without all the breaking and entering. 

======

SOCIAL LINK RANK UP 

The Magician: Rise Kujikawa

Level 1



Chapter 94: 4/25 - Afternoon
Chapter Summary

Nanako continues to be out of shape.

-=6 DAYS UNTIL EXPULSION=-

After a morning of studying, Nanako sent a text to the team. 

NANAKO: Hey, anyone free today? 

ANN: Sorry, I have a job today. 

REN: I’m stuck working at the cafe too. 

Nanako was disappointed at Ren’s response, but she tried to keep her spirits up. 

RYUJI: I got nothing going on. 

Nanako shrugged. 

NANAKO: Let’s do something then! 

RYUJI: For real? Okay. 

REN: I’m jealous. Have fun.

Jealous? What did he mean by that? Nanako tried typing out a half dozen different response
to that, but she couldn’t figure out how to reply without it seeming weird. Instead, she
switched over to the message from Ryuji. 

RYUJI: You don’t gotta hang out with me if you don’t wanna. 

RYUJI: I know you’re closer to Ren and Ann. 

NANAKO: Nonsense! You’re from here, right? I’m still kinda lost in Tokyo. Any cool spots
I should know about?

RYUJI: Have you been to Inokashira Park yet? 

NANAKO: No! Let’s go!

RYUJI: All right. Feel like a run? 

NANAKO: Sure, working out could help for our other work too. 

RYUJI: See ya soon. 

—

Nanako really, really wished she’d kept up Chie’s training regiment. By the time she and
Ryuji and finished their run, she was gasping, bent over, and clutching her knees. 



“You’re…too…fast…” she said between gasps. Ryuji was breathing hard too, but he was
more focused on rubbing his right leg. 

“Nah…not as fast as I used to be. But Ren and I have been training, so I’m starting to get
back into shape,” he said. 

“Is this…where I die…?” Nanako gasped. Ryuji laughed. 

“Just give it a few minutes. Try not to bend over, stand up and keep your lungs open, and
walk around a bit so your legs don’t seize up.” 

Nanako did as instructed. Sure enough, a few minutes later, she did feel better. She and Ryuji
walked over to a street vendor who had cold drinks and they both grabbed a chilled bottle of
water. They sat down by the pond and drank. 

“You and Ren run like this a lot?” 

“Yeah, pretty regularly. He’s been a good training partner.” Ryuji grinned between sip of his
water. “Jealous?” 

“Why would you say that?” Nanako said, trying to sound cool and collected. Her blushing
cheeks were probably giving it away. 

“It’s kinda obvious.” 

“Is it really!? Ann said the same thing…” 

“I mean, you did follow him here…” 

“I know, I know. But that wasn’t the only reason! I mean, yes, I wanted him to have a friend
and not go through all this alone, and yes, I…guess I kinda like him…”

“Kinda?” 

“Shut up! But it was partly for me too.” Nanako paused to take a drink from her bottle. “Back
in Inaba, things were fine. But that’s all they were. I was in student council and had a few
people I would talk to and hang out with but…I kept waiting for real friends. I know that’s
stupid to say, but my big bro had this amazing group of friends when he was in high school.
They’re still friends to this day. I just wanted a place to belong.” 

“I know what you mean. I was shit at studying in middle school too. I actually thought I’d
skip going to high school and just get a job. But then in second year of middle school, this
guy in my PE class pissed me off, and I decided to show him up in the 50 meter dash. I didn’t
just beat him, I crushed him. That’s when they recruited me for the track team. I spent the
next year and a half getting good, so good that it got me into Shujin. I would’ve never gotten
in with my grades alone, but track was enough to make me stand out,” Ryuji said. 

“It was the first time I felt like I belonged at school. I actually got my hopes up that I might
have a future, too. Might actually get a university degree, get a real job…but Kamoshida took
all that away.” 



“Well…you could still have a future,” Nanako said. 

“Nah, I already told you, my studying is shit.” 

“Well, it is now. But you can get better! You’re not stupid, Ryuji. All you need to do is learn
how to study. Just figure out how your brain works and trick it into learning!” 

“Yeah, right.” 

“I’m serious! In fact, I’ll prove it. I’m going to tutor you.” 

“For real? It’ll be a waste of your time.” 

“It’s my time, I can do with it what I want,” Nanako said. “That settles it. You help me get in
shape, I’ll help you study. We won’t let people like Kamoshida take our futures away. And
we have a new place to belong now, don’t we?” 

“Hah…I guess we do. All right, fine, deal. But I’m a pain in the ass. I complain a lot.” 

“I can take it.” 

=====

SOCIAL LINK RANK UP

The Emperor: Ryuji Sakamoto

Level 2



Chapter 95: 4/25 - Evening
Chapter Summary

You can hear the song, can't you?

Anata no! 

Terebii ni! Jika netto Tanaka~

Mi, n, na, no, yoku no tomo!

“Welcome everyone to another life-changing installment of Tanaka’s Amazing Commodities!
Today we have a couple of incredible options for you that only I, the Amazing Tanaka could
bring to you today!” 

Nanako looked up from her studies. 

“The first rare item we have is this case of Protein! That’s right, protein! Without it, you can
never get the massive gains you’ve been seeking! Let’s be honest: you’ve been waiting for
this!” 

“Who the heck would ever buy anything from-” 

“But that’s not all! We also have this case of military grade smoke grenades! Twenty four for
only 2,800 yen! It’s a total steal! Just don’t ask where we got them from…” 

“Well, if they’re gonna send me bombs in the mail…” 

Nanako dialed the number. 

 



Chapter 96: 4/25 - ????
Chapter Summary

Dreams and memories.

Nana-chan!

Nanako tried to move, but she couldn’t. She tried to call out. She tried to look at her own
hands, turn her head, do anything. 

But she couldn’t.

Nana-chan…where are you…you have to be out there somewhere…it’s beary hard to find
you…

The world was a blue and black haze, a void of cloudy nothingness. Then suddenly, a bright
shape appeared into Nanako’s vision. It was round, blue, red, yellow, and had a golden aura
around it.

Teddie.

He was running frantically, his little feet making their strange suction cup noises on the
ground as a result of his bear suit - the bear suit that Nanako never quite figured out. 

Teddie raised his strange bear head and sniffed loudly. 

He reached out with his paw and seemed to touch a door that Nanako couldn’t see. Out from
his paw grew a bright golden key. He slipped the key into a keyhole and turned it. A door
made of a golden outline appeared, and Teddie swung it open. The doorway was filled with
more golden light. Teddie leapt in. 

There was a flash further off. Teddie appeared in the void again. He ran. He drew out his key
and opened another door. 

Flash. Teddie was nearby. He ran. He opened a door.

Flash. 

Run.

Door.

Flash.



Nana-chan…I’m so sorry…

A memory. This was a memory, Nanako realized. The voice at the palace wasn’t Teddie
calling out to her, but like the other visions that plagued Nanako, memories that were long
buried. 

But where was she in this memory? Why couldn’t she move or talk or think? Why could she
only watch? And what was this dark void? 

Teddie turned and looked up as a long blue limo pulled into view. The door had a golden V
encircled in golden ornamentation emblazoned on the side. The door opened and out stepped
a tall, regal woman with blonde hair and yellow eyes.

Margaret! 

She motioned to the door. Teddie, dejected, scrambled his way into the limo. Margaret turned
and looked at Nanako. 

She nodded.

Then she stepped into the limo and shut the door. 

Nanako woke up. 



Chapter 97: 4/26 - After School
Chapter Summary

Leader.

-=5 DAYS UNTIL EXPULSION=- 

“Come on, come on, let’s go already!” Ryuji said, punching his fist into his open palm. They
were gathered on the rooftop. “We’re getting close, and I need to this asshole to pay!” 

“I agree. Let’s make him suffer,” Ann said. 

Ren stood up and started walking towards the stairs. 

“Hold on,” Nanako said. 

Everyone stopped. 

“I’ve been thinking a lot about something…and I don’t know if it’s going to make a
difference or if you’re just going to be irritated by what I have to say, but I feel like I have to
say it anyway,” Nanako said. The other three glanced at each other, then sat back down at the
table. Nanako stood and took several deep breaths. She’d been thinking about this all
morning and all throughout the school day. She’d already broached the subject once, but she
felt like she had to push through this one more time. 

“You two are very angry,” Nanako said, looking at Ann then Ryuji. “And I think it’s holding
us back.” 

“The hell? Of course we’re angry!” Ryuji snapped.

“You saw what happened to Shiho,” Ann replied in a cold fury. 

“I know, I know, but please hear me out. I don’t think you shouldn’t be angry. You have every
right to be. I’m angry too. But I think it’s consuming the two of you. I know we’ve been
practicing that but…well it’s like my friend the other day told me, we have to be like water.
Gather up the power and release it at the right time.” 

“Huh?” Ryuji said. 

“Nanako, I know you’re trying to help, but I don’t think this is the time for this,” Ann said. “I
can’t let it go. That anger fuels everything I do. I already told you, I’m pretty sure that
Carmen is made of my anger. Without it…” 



“Yeah, we can’t be calm like you and Ren.” 

“Calm?” 

Everyone turned to look at Ren. 

“You think I’m calm?” 

He stood up and walked over to the edge of the roof. He leaned against the railing, balling his
fists against.

“I’m not calm. You’ve all heard the rumors about my past. My criminal record. Well, it’s true.
I do have a criminal record. But it’s an unfair one. I was trying to protect someone. The
aggressor was drunk and fell, but he blamed me for it. He got me arrested for assault, and the
judge bought it. I was kicked out of school, my parents sent me to live with a man I don’t
know…my whole future in society is at risk because I tried to do the right thing.” 

The roof was perfectly quiet. Nanako felt several shades of heartache for Ren. His fists were
clenched so tightly that his arms were shaking.

“So you think I’m calm? I’m not. I’m pissed. I’m pissed off at him, at the system, at all of
Japan and the society it supports. I live with this rage with me all the time. It’s become this
quiet friend that lurks in the background. And every once in a while, it threatens to over take
me and cause wanton destruction. If I’m screwed in society anyway, I might as do whatever I
want, right? But I don’t. I control it. I tell it to back off and release itself at the right moment.
When I swing my knife, when I dodge behind a couch, when I fire my gun, when I summon
Arsene…these moments are little explosions of my rage. I measure it out. I target it. I use it
as a tool.” 

Ren stood up straight, his posture relaxed. He reached up to his face and took his glasses off,
slipping them into his pocket. 

“When the anger comes too strong, I always ask myself the same question. Do I want to get
angry…” 

He turned around. His face was composed, cunning, devilish, sexy, and romantic. He was
Joker. He was Ren. He was the dark mystery that stole the truth in Inaba. He was the leader
of these phantom thieves. 

“Or get even?” 

Nanako looked at Ryuji and Ann. Ryuji suddenly grinned and Ann shut her eyes and nodded
in silent understanding. 

“Yeah. I get it,” Ryuji said. 

“Right. Revenge is a dish best served cold,” Ann said, in English. 

“Then come on,” Ren said. “Today we find the treasure. We secure our route. Today!” 



“Right!” Ann said.

“Hell yeah!” Ryuji said. 

“That’s our leader,” Morgana said. 

“Right behind you,” Nanako said. 

Ren pushed open the door to the stairs.

“It’s showtime!” 



Chapter 98: 4/26 - Palace of Lust
Chapter Summary

Traps are set.

“Drop!” Joker ordered.

The thieves dropped from their mad-dash into a sprint. All five of them slid stylishly behind
the stone parapet at the top of Kamoshida’s castle to take cover. Above them a dazzling
shower of ice needles sprayed through empty air, each sharp enough to draw blood had they
been standing there. 

“Panther,” Joker said. 

Panther leapt onto the top of the parapet and pulled off her mask, striking a pose. 

“Persona!” 

A dozen feet ahead of her was the Silky, looking grim and determined, radiating an icy aura. 

“Agi!” 

Carmen summoned fire into her palm and hurled a perfectly formed orb at the Silky. The fire
struck true and expanded, like a popping bubble. The fire swallowed the Silky from head to
toe, consuming the black inky matter as it lost its form. 

There was still anger in Panther’s stance, but it was controlled. 

She was getting even. 

Panther dropped back down behind the parapet.

“Three more heading at us. One Berith, one Succubus, one Angel,” she said. 

“Angel, Skull, Mona,” Joker said. 

“Hell yeah!” Skull said. 

“Ugh, I wish that Shadow had a different name,” Nanako grumbled, unsnapping the
Compendium. She flipped through the pages to the Magician Arcana. 

“Time for a stylish victory!” Mona said. 

The three thieves leapt over the parapet, charging at the three oncoming shadows. 



“Persona change - Jack Frost!” 

Nanako squeezed the card. 

“Hee ho!” 

Jack Frost did a funny jig and formed a boulder of ice. He kicked his funny snowman leg into
the boulder and sent it shooting straight at Berith’s charging form. 

“Zorro, blow them away!” Mona said, striking a pose at the Succubus. Green wind soared out
of the Persona, throwing it against wall. 

“Click click, boom, suckas!” Skull yelled, unloading his shotgun into the Angel. 

All three shadows died. 

“Haha, idiots! You let yourself get flanked!” a tiny, distorted voice called. Nanako spun
around and saw the three Pixies swooping down at them from above. She struggled to shut
the Compendium and draw her gun.

But she didn’t need to. 

Joker swept in from above, using his grappling hook. He made one low, intensely fast swing
above the Pixies, his gun firing as he did. The pixies collapsed one by one and melted into the
ground just as Joker released himself from the hook. The cable retracted, he landed, tucked
his gun away, then adjusted his gloves.

“You just think you’re so cool,” Nanako said, half-joking, half serious. He just grinned.

“One last push, everyone,” Mona called out. 

They climbed. Climbing was easier than before, Nanako realized, as their cognition of their
abilities as thieves was improving. What would have been a daunting task of scaling a
massive tower in the real world was a minor inconvenience here in the Metaverse. Before
long they were sliding through a hole in the wall and into an empty room in the upper tower.

“We must be close, the distortions are getting much stronger,” Mona said. “Be careful, the
rules of the rest of the palace are not always going to apply.” 

Mona was right. The next rooms were a mass of constantly shifting realities - the floor split,
stairs rose out of the ground, and Shadows seemed to drip out of the walls. Fortunately, with
Skull and Panther’s new mental balance, they still had plenty of energy. That, combined with
the Baton Pass, made for quick work of the next few groups of shadows. 

“Hey, what’s this?” Nanako asked as they finished clearing the room. There was a strange
platform full of gears and levers. 

“Looks like…an elevator?” Panther suggested.



“That’s what I thought too. Let’s see where it goes,” Nanako suggested. Joker nodded, and
they moved forward with him hitting the switch. There was the sound of a dozens of wooden
gears whirling together, and the sound of chains being turned against large wheels. Slowly,
the platform lowered. 

“Hey hey, this is going the wrong way!” Mona cried.

“It’s fine, elevators go back up too,” Nanako pointed out. 

The elevator did go quite far down, all the way back to the entrance hall, where it was
revealed that Kamoshida’s gaudy portrait was actually a secret door to the elevator. 

“Really? We could’ve been using that the whole time…” Panther complained.

“At least we know where it is now,” Nanako said. “That’ll make getting the treasure much
faster.” 

“Agreed,” Joker said. 

“Hey, look, another one,” Skull said. They all looked down the other hallway: there was in
fact another elevator. 

“Well? Should we check it out?” Nanako asked.

“Elevators go back up,” Joker replied. 

They smirked at each other.

This second elevator descended further into the depths of the palace. Nanako could smell the
water before she saw it. She worked through what she knew of the palace and figured they
must be passing through the original dungeon that they were brought to. 

The elevator stopped into a massive sinkhole with water gushing in from every direction.
Was this where all the water in the dungeon was leading? 

Empty cages hung from the ceiling while a twisting stone path led forward towards another
Will Seed chamber. 

“Another Will Seed…” Mona mused.

“Let’s grab it, then back to securing the route,” Joker said. 

Nanako went first, followed by Joker, Mona, Panther, and Skull. The path was just about
wide enough for two people, but it would put both of them uncomfortably close to the edge
of a pathway without railings, so they moved single file. The Will Seed whispered and
muttered and chuckled to itself behind its chamber door.

Nanako wondered if she would hear Teddie’s voice again.

Why was that memory triggered in the Will Seed chamber? 



Or was that a fluke?

“Angel!” 

Nanako was struck hard in the back and sent tumbling forward. She scrambled with her
hands to grab onto the stone floor, hoping not to tumble off into the watery abyss below.
When she had her balance, she pushed up to her knees and spun around. 

It had been Joker that pushed her out of the way of a streaking mass of shadow ink that was
now carrying him into the air. There were four more, each carrying one of her teammates into
the air above the whirlpool.

“No!” Nanako called out, pulling her gun from her thigh holster. 

Slam!

Each of her teammates were thrown into one of the hanging cages and the doors slammed
shut. Before any of them could react, the inky mass of shadow all finished their
transformations into Pixies. The Pixies grabbed the chains and called out “Zio!” 

Lightning ran through the bars, electrocuting the team, their bodies shaking and convulsing.

Except for Skull. He was getting hurt, but he was pushing through the pain, reaching for his
mask.

“Captain Ki-!” 

Skull’s lightning stopped and was replaced by a pink cloud floating around his head. Skull
grit his teeth, gripped the bars, and slammed his face against them, trying to ignore the spell
effect on his mind. But soon he slumped to the ground, a big smile on his face.

“Marin Karin…” Nanako muttered, knowledge sliding into her mind from the Compendium. 

A laugh echoed in the chamber. 

“Well, 4 out of 5 isn’t bad. Still a winning score if I do say so myself.” 

Nanako looked up and saw a figure standing on one of the empty cages, holding onto the
chain and leaning on it. 

“Kamothreeda!” Nanako said, aiming her gun. Kamothreeda glared.

“What was that!?” 

“Let my friends go!” she demanded.

“No no, dear, you have this all wrong.” 

Kamothreeda was thinner and slighter than either of the other two Kamoshidas, but he
apparently still had strength in his body. He leapt effortlessly from the cage onto the stone



path. He then adjusted his fine butler’s suit and fussed with his hair a bit. 

“You walked right into my trap. Your friends are going to die, and you with them, all because
you were too damn predictable. You went after one seed, you had to go after the other one.
You’re a thorough type of person, aren’t you Nanako-chan?” 

“That’s not my name,” Nanako said coldly.

“Oh, but I’m pretty sure it is…your little disguise is horrible. And Kamoshida in the real
world is a bit suspicious of you, which is all the cognitive power I need to confirm my
deductions,” Kamothreeda said. 

Nanako didn’t say anything while her detective brain kicked into overdrive. Kamothreeda
was part of King Kamoshida, the shadow form of Kamoshida-sensei. It shouldn’t know
anything about cognitions, or that fact that it’s part of a mental construct. And yet it not only
knew what the reality Kamoshida was thinking, but could use it to alter its power in the
palace. 

Why did it know? Did Kamoshida know about the Metaverse? 

“Well, then I’ll just have to kill you,” Nanako said. Kamothreeda threw his head back and
laughed. 

“Oh, no child, you won’t. You can try if you like. But you’ll find I’m going to be quite the
stiff opponent. How about a deal instead? You leave the palace now, promise never to return,
and you keep your life.” 

“And my friends?” 

“They die.”

Nanako glanced at them. Ryuji was slumped in a stupor. Morgana, Ann, and Ren all
convulsed in their cages as a low level of electricity passed through them. She wasn’t sure if
it worked the same way as real electricity, but she knew she couldn’t leave them in there for
long.

“What, no response to my deal? Nothing to say?” Kamothreeda said. 

“Just one thing,” Nanako said.

“What’s that?” 

“Izanagi!” 



Chapter 99: 4/26 - Palace of Lust
Chapter Summary

You'll never see it coming.

Izanagi floated above Nanako. Kamothreeda put his fingers between the gap of his fine
tuxedo shirt. 

“This is…rather indecent of me…but I need to bare my true power to you!”

Kamothreeda tore open his shirt, sending buttons flying in every direction. His form melted
and merged with the shape of a shadow - the name came to her from the Compendium
immediately.

Mara. Not quite fully Mara, but a portion of its power merging with the cognitive energy of
the severed Kamothreeda…? It was a good theory, but now wasn’t the time for theories.

Especially since it…well…looked like a giant penis. 

“Gross…” Nanako grumbled. 

“Come closer, little one! King Kamoshida certainly won’t mind if I indulge myself a little…”
the distorted voice rumbled from the shadow.

“Izanagi, Cross Slash!” 

Her big bro’s razor blade guardian swept down and brought his sword in two savage strikes
across the front of the shadow. It recoiled, but didn’t seem to be as damaged as Nanako
expected. She frowned. 

“Again! 

Izanagi attacked again, and once again it took damage, but not a lot. The throbbing green
mound shuffled closer to Nanako. 

She took a moment to think tactically. Kamothreeda’s shadow was wide enough that it took
up the whole path, there wasn’t an easy way to maneuver around it. Kamothreeda had also
strategically positioned himself to block the escape - behind Nanako was the door leading to
the Will Seed. 

“Zio!” 

Lightning fell from the sky and danced across Kamothreedamara’s shape. 



“Ooh, that tingles~! I’m surprised an innocent looking girl like you is into that…”

“Shut up! Even the cunning, strategic part of you is a pervert!” She unsnapped the
Compendium and flipped to the Hierophant arcana. Watch over me, big bro! 

“Shiisa!” Nanako crushed the card. Izanagi vanished and the temple guardian dog of Shiisa
appeared in front of her. “Frei!” 

A shimmering emerald-turquoise burst of radioactive energy shot out of his mouth and
exploded. Kamothreedamara continued to push forward, this time lunging forward. Shiisa
leapt in front of Nanako to take the blow, but it was so strong that Nanako could almost feel it
in her body. 

This wasn’t working. Kamothreedamara wasn’t particularly dangerous, the Compendium told
Nanako that it probably didn’t know any spells. But it was durable and would eventually
push her off the edge. Or smother her. And despite her best concentration, her Personas
weren’t strong enough to fight Kamothreedamara one on one. 

She thought about her big bro again. 

She thought about the memory of the strange palace she was in as a child, of the man
Namatame and his demon t-shirt form. She thought of big bro’s relentless charge to save her,
switching through Personas as effortlessly as he breathed. 

But…how many battles had Yu put under his belt before then? 

How many palaces had he been in? 

Was that why the group went missing? Yukiko, Kanji, Rise, Naoto…had they all had
palaces? 

Too many thoughts were coalescing at once, and it wasn’t the time for it! Nanako wondered
if she was just trying to distract herself from the pure terror running through her. How was
she supposed to do this? She wasn’t her big bro. 

She wasn’t a charging warrior, a daring savior like he was.

Nanako was…well…

…A thief. 

Nanako grinned. 

She had an idea. 

“Kamothreedamara! I’m going to steal away your victory!” Nanako said. She decided to try
striking a pose the way Ann did: she held out her right hand forward, palm up, as if inviting
Kamothreedamara to challenge her. She put her other hand behind her back and she stood
high up on her toes, like a ballerina. 



“Oooh, what soft-looking hands…I want to rub myself all over that smooth skin…” 

“Geez, he’s not even listening to my cool speech. Oh well. Prepare for your defeat, courtesy
of Tanaka!” 

“Who?” Kamothreeda grumbled.

Nanako’s hand, the one that was behind her back, wasn’t just posing. Hanging off the
Compendium strap, Nanako had affixed one of her military-grade smoke grenades that had
been delivered surprisingly quick. She unsnapped the grenade and hurled it at the base of
Kamothreedamara’s body. It erupted in thick gray smoke immediately, clouding the
battlefield.

“Hey, what the-!” 

Nanako tumbled backward out of the range of the smoke. She looked at Joker first in the
cage. She longed to save him, but he was too far. Her heart needed to sit down while her
brain got them out of this. 

Gun.

Aim.

Blam blam blam!

The Pixie pouring electricity into Panther’s cage died. Panther stopped convulsing, and
instead lay groaning at the base of the cage. Nanako flipped to the Lovers arcana. 

“Pixie!”

Nanako brought out her own Pixie and immediately cast Dia. Shimmering green sparkles
swirled around Panther’s fallen form and within a few moments, she was on her knees.
Nanako kept glancing at the smoke, which was getting thinner by the second. 

“Angel!” Panther cried, getting to her feet. “I’ll help you! Per-” 

“No! I need you to catch me!” Nanako cried out. 

“W-what!?” 

“It’s okay! I trust you. You can do it! You’re my friend, right?” Nanako yelled, making sure
the Compendium was properly secured, as well as her gun holstered.

“I…yeah. Yeah!” 

“Here goes!” 

Kamothreedamara lunged out of the smoke just as Nanako ran forward. She jumped and
landed on its head, using it as a springboard to hurl herself over the edge of the path. 



Her stomach sank. She was about to plummet into an abyss-like whirlpool and drown. 

There was a whip crack. 

Panther’s whip ensnared around Nanako’s wrist. 

“I did it! Whoa!” Panther yelped as Nanako’s weight sunk onto the whip. She braced herself
against the cage and leaned back, pulling as hard as she could. Nanako kicked her legs and
used all of the momentum to swing beneath the cage and up and over. Nanako released the
whip, spun around, and landed on top of Panther’s cage. 

“I need to get the others, cover me!”

“Right! On it!” Panther summoned her submachine gun and let loose with it towards
Kamothreedamara. 

“H-hey you better not be trying anything stupid! I can fly and you can’t, petty human!” yelled
the next Pixie, the one electrocuting Joker. 

“Yeah, but can you dodge bullets?” 

“W-what!?”

Nanako winked before she fired. 

One Pixie died and another was summoned, Dia being cast over Joker. He sprung to his feet,
his smokey eyes quickly surveying the situation. 

“Catch me,” Nanako said. 

She jumped.

Joker sent the grappling cable to her and she repeated the same maneuver to land on Joker’s
cage. 

“Give me just a second, I’ll be out of here,” he said, reaching for the lock.

“No wait, not yet. I need to get Mona. Mona can get Panther out, I’ll get Skull. That thing is
too tough, we need all of us.” 

Joker glanced up through the bars. 

“Good plan.” 

‘Thanks, leader. Get me over there?” 

“Hold on,” he said.

He fired the grappling hook over to Mona’s cage and immediately started retracting it. The
whole cage swung forward towards Mona’s.



Wrecking balls move relatively slow, but you wouldn’t say they were weak, would you?

Chie’s words gave Nanako an idea. She holstered her gun and readied the Compendium. 

The Pixie stopped using zio on the cage at the last second, trying to prepare itself to fight off
Nanako. But it was way too little too late. Nanako had sunk into the energy of the swinging
cage. As she got closer, she pushed through with her legs and hips, turning her shoulders and
arms, converting all of the energy from the cage and her own body into the Compendium.

It slammed into the Pixie and turned it into a fine black mist. 

Nanako landed on Mona’s cage. Joker released the cable and let his cage swing back while
Nanako healed Mona.

“Ugh…got careless…” 

“Mona, can you break out and help Panther get out?” 

“Lady Ann!? Of course!”

“Great, I need to get Skull. Cover me when you’re done and get ready to move on my mark.” 

“You got it, Angel,” Mona said, his paws already working on his lock. Nanako glanced
behind her. Joker was working on his lock while Panther had summoned Carmen and was
launching streaks of fire down at Kamothreedamara. 

Skull’s cage was close to Mona’s, so Nanako wouldn’t need to swing over to it. The Pixie
still had Skull in Marin Karin. 

“Are you really going to fight me with a fellow Pixie…?” the Pixie whimpered, taking note
of the Pixie that Nanako had summoned. 

“Mmm…no!”

Quick draw, aim, fire. 

Nanako holstered her gun and jumped onto Skull’s cage, healing him. 

“God damnit…” He muttered. “What happened?” 

“Ambushed. But it’s okay, we’re about to counter-attack. We need to get you out of that cage
first…” 

“Huh? We can just open the door, can’t we?” 

Skull pushed the door of his cage open. Nanako frowned.

“Huh, they didn’t lock yours…that Pixie wasn’t very responsible. Skull shrugged.

“I’ll take the luck where I can get it…what’s the plan?” 



Nanako looked over. Joker was perched on his cage. Mona just finished unlocking Panther’s. 

“Mona! We need a good push. I’ll use Anzu.” 

“Ho-hooo, I see where your head is, Angel. You’re truly a fine right hand woman!” 

“Everyone, get ready!” Nanako called out. They nodded. Nanako summoned Anzu. 

“Garu!” Nanako and Mona said at the same time. Green wind energy blasted from behind
them, shoving them and their cages forward. At the apex of their swing, the team leapt off,
falling towards Kamothreedamara from above.

“Strike a pose!” Nanako yelled. 

“Yeah, be stylish!” Mona added. 

To her surprise, they all did. And the moment they did…something happened. An energy
shifted in the Metaverse, a new cognition was starting to take shape. 

“All out attack!” Joker called. 

They fought. Nanako could barely remember what she did - she knew she was using the
Compendium to beat on Kamotheredamara again and again. She remembered leaping and
running and sliding and dodging…but it was all a blur. A blur powered by cognition. 

When she finally stopped, she skid to a halt back on the pathway. She turned around to look
at Joker and Kamothreedamara.

Joker adjusted his gloves.

Kamothreedamara’s skin burst open and inky shadow energy started leaking out. 

“Show’s over,” Joker said. 






Chapter 100: 4/26 - Palace of Lust
Chapter Summary

Secure the treasure.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

“This is a hold up!”

The guns were drawn. Kamothreedamara had transformed back into Kamothreeda. His
tuxedo shirt was buttoned again, but Kamothreeda himself looked horrible. He was even
paler than before, with sweat glistening across his brow. He knelt on the ground.

“Mercy…please…don’t kill me…”

“What do we do with him, Joker?” Skull asked. “Cause I’m eager to finish him off…”

“Can we?” Nanako asked. “If he’s part of his the main Shadow, won’t that…damage his
psyche?”

They all looked to Mona.

“I’m…not sure…”

“But if we let him go, he’ll return to the main Shadow, which means that he’ll know what
happened here, right?” Panther asked. “It’s not worth the risk. Let’s finish it.”

“There’s gotta be another way,” Nanako insisted. “Can’t we…I don’t know, contain him?”

“How?” Panther asked. “Sorry, but I can’t let this fall apart. If Kamoshida knows and we
aren’t able to steal his treasure…”

“You don’t know that will happen for sure,” Nanako argued. “Maybe he won’t remember
anything. Or maybe he already knows anyway. The palace is an extension of his will already,
isn’t it possible that he’s already aware of what’s being done here?”

They all looked to Mona.

“I…don’t know…”

“Looks like it’s gotta be your call, leader,” Skull said to Joker. “What do you want to do?”



Joker didn’t say anything for a long time, just looked down the barrel of his weapon.
Kamothreeda knelt there, panting, but not saying a word. Nanako wondered if he was just
listening and biding his time or if he was really that incapacitated.

“I wonder…” Joker said to himself.

He put his gun away and suddenly rushed forward. He picked up Kamothreeda by the scruff
of his neck and dragged him forward along the path. Kamothreeda squirmed.

“No! No! No, please, don’t!”

“Shut up,” Joker snapped. He dragged Kamothreeda forward until he got to the Will Seed
chamber. The rest of the group followed behind. Joker dragged Kamothreeda into the middle
of the Will Seed chamber, where the pedestal once stood.

He shoved Kamothreeda’s head against it.

Vines rose up from the ground and writhed and slithered around Kamothreeda. He struggled
and squirmed some more, but Joker kept his hand steady on his head. After a few moments,
Kamothreeda was completely enveloped in the vines. He was motionless, his eyes shut.

Joker finally moved his hand.

“That should hold him,” he said.

“Whoah…you think on another level than I do…” Skull said.

“Will that keep him there for long?” Panther asked.

“I don’t know. But it will at least keep him out of the way until we secure the route.”

Both Nanako and Panther were about to speak when Joker spun around and strode out of the
chamber.

“Let’s go.”

The two girls exchanged a look.

Nanako supposed this is why a leader had to be chosen in a group. Someone had to make the
final call and live with the responsibility of it. Nanako wasn’t sure she agreed with what he
did, fully. It didn’t look like Panther did, either.

But it was a compromise, she supposed.

They followed.

They rode the elevators back up to the top of the tower and continued their infiltration. Every
shadow from that point on was a very carefully calculated ambush, as everyone was still
worn out from their ordeal with Kamothreeda. There was one last swinging scythe trap that
they had to secure some keys for, which was handled with cold precision.



Still, even as careful as they were being, they were worn out by the end. By the time they
climbed the female volleyball statue (which Nanako noted was on her torso - the only part
that Kamoshida found useful, she supposed) and slipped along the throne room catwalks,
there wasn’t much fight left in them.

But there didn’t need to be.

“So that cloudy thing is the treasure?” Skull asked.

“Yes, but it’s not fully formed. We need to send a calling card to make it manifest. Once
Kamoshida is aware that there is a treasure to steal, the cognition will shift it into a physical
object that can then be removed. But the effect will only last a day, at most. Once we deliver
the card, we have to go into the palace and finish the job.”

“So there’s still some work to be done…” Panther said.

“It’ll be safer if we talk about it back in reality,” Nanako suggested.

“Good idea. Let’s head back,” Joker said.

“Wait. There’s one more Will Seed. I can sense it, somewhere lower on the tower…we
should grab it when we can. We don’t want to be distracted when we come for the treasure.”

“Hm. How is everyone feeling?” Joker asked.

“If we can avoid protracted battles, I think I’m okay,” Nanako said. “Just to get the seed and
head home.”

“Same here,” Panther said.

“Sounds about right,” Skull said. Joker nodded.

“Okay. Then we move slow and careful. No risks.”

Chapter End Notes

Hey look, we did it! 100 chapters! And I have covered...14 days.

...Persona 6 is gonna be out by the time I finish this, lol.



Chapter 101: 4/26 - Palace of Lust
Chapter Summary

Teddie's key.

“It’s gotta be along the exterior of the tower in a hidden room,” Mona said. “It’s the only
thing that makes sense, we can’t find a stairway.”

“Any shadows?” Joker asked.

“Not that I can sense.”

“Then I’ll swing in and grab it and be back in a minute. Stay here.”

“I’m going with you,” Nanako said.

“There’s no need. There’s no shadows, the Will Seeds don’t seem to be dangerous or
trapped,” Joker said.

“There’s also no point in going alone. At least one person should go with you,” Nanako said.

“If you insist. You three stay here and guard our return path?”

Skull yawned. “Yeah, sure…hey, you gotta any more soda?”

Panther hit Skull’s arm. Nanako smiled at them. Joker was already at the window.

“Let’s go.”

The two of them followed along the ledges outside the tower until they reached a high stretch
of wall with a broken chunk of high above them. Joker wrapped his arm around Nanako’s
waist and shot out the grappling hook and they flew upwards.

Nanako still thought it would be more efficient for her to have her own grappling hook but…
this time it wasn’t so bad.

He smelled like coffee.

They landed at the top and quickly searched out the final Will Seed chamber.

“See? Easy,” Joker said with his ready grin.

“Also didn’t hurt having back up,” Nanako pointed out.



“I guess we’re both right,” Joker said. He pushed open the door and sauntered in, snatching
up the Will Seed, then turning around.

Nana-chan…

Nanako spun around. It was Teddie’s voice, but this time she could hear all the similarity in it
- the same pitch, speed, timbre, emotion. It was definitely from the same memory. But why
was she experiencing these memories inside Kamoshida’s palace? And why only in the Will
Seed chamber?

Then she saw it.

A tiny golden glow coming from beneath the vines on the wall. She frowned and stepped
closer to it. At first the glow had appeared to be a small circle, but now that she drew closer,
she could see it was actually a keyhole.

But to what key?

Nanako felt a strange warmth in her right hand. It was a different warmth than the blue flame
she felt when the Persona cards in her hand. It was gentler, kinder, and left her with a strange
sense of innocence.

She looked down and saw the key.

Teddie’s key.

What was going on? Why was Teddie’s key materializing in the Metaverse?

Was he behind the door?

Without a second thought, Nanako shoved the key into the hole and turned it. When she did,
an outline of a door appeared in the wall, just as it had in that blue-black void in her memory.
The wall folded inward, like a door, leading to an intense golden light.

Nanako ran in.

“What the…?”

Nanako had no idea where she was.

Based on the sunny landscape around her, she knew that she was in the countryside
somewhere in Japan. But it wasn’t Inaba, that she knew for certain. And it wasn’t anywhere
she recognized. Certainly nowhere near Tokyo.

Ahead of her on a street were four boys who looked like they were in their late elementary
school years. One was exceedingly tall and the other three were circling around him, like
hungry sharks.

“Hey, excuse me!” Nanako called out. Nobody looked her way. She raised her hands to try
and use them as a megaphone, but stopped when she realized her hands were glowing with a



yellow outline.

Wherever she was, no one could interact with her. She turned to try and see if the door was
still there, but it wasn’t. The key was gone from her hand, too. Nanako turned and walked
towards the boys - maybe she could interact with them if she were a bit closer.

“Bean pole, bean pole, ring around the bean pole!” one of the boys mocked.

“Hey maybe we can tie up ribbons on his dumb head just like they do in the Netherlands or
whatever,” another one said.

“Come on guys, just go away,” the tall boy said. He was slouched over, as if trying to make
himself less tall, less of a target.

“Leave that kid alone!” Nanako yelled. Again, nobody reacted to her.

“Come on guys, just go away~” the third one mocked. “Shut up, too-tall! Nobody wants your
dumbass opinion, we just want you to get stuff from the top shelf!”

“Yeah, look at him, what a freak! His pants don’t even go all the way to his ankles!”

“I heard his mom is too poor to buy him new clothes.”

“Anyone would be too poor to buy him new clothes with how fast he grows. Maybe he
should get a job at the circus to help out his family!”

“S-stop!” the tall boy said. He balled his fists, his anger starting to overtake his shock and
embarrassment. But Nanako knew bullies - they knew when to strike to keep their targets in
line. Just as the tall boy was getting to the point where he might realize his size would let him
fight back, they all rushed in and pushed him. The tall boy fell hard, and the three others
started kicking at his legs and body.

“Timberrrr! The tree fell down!”

“Yeah, stay down there, you’ll actually fit in for once!”

They stopped kicking after a moment. Two of the boys started sauntering off while the third
waited behind to spit on him, then chant a rhyme he made up on the spot.

“Suguru Ka-mo-shiiii-da! No-body wants to beeee-ya!”

Nanako felt her chest clench.

Was it really Kamoshida as a kid? Nanako rushed over to push the last boy aside, but her
hand passed right through him.

This was a memory. Kamoshida’s memory.

The whole world spiraled out of control, vanishing back into inky darkness. Then, like
changing the channel on a television, there was a whole new reality.



Kamoshida in a uniform. Third year middle school, if Nanako had to guess. Now he looked
more like the Kamoshida she knew, at least in the face. But his hair was awkwardly cut with
the curls a bit too out of control. He was also still rail thin, lacking all of the muscle that was
now packed onto his frame.

They were standing behind some school building that she didn’t recognize, again in a town
she didn’t know. Kamoshida was standing in front of a girl who was much shorter than her.
She was pretty, Nanako decided, with short black hair and a lovely shaped face.

“Did you want something, Kamoshida-kun?” the girl asked.

“U-uh…y-yeah, well…it’s just that…you know, we’ve been talking a bit lately”

“Yeah?” the girl said.

“And um…I just…I like you, Ayame. Maybe you want to go out on a date?”

The girl burst out laughing.

“That’s a funny one, Kamoshida-kun! I thought you were serious there for a second!”

“I…”

Kamoshida managed to place a fake smile on his face.

“Haha…yeah…good one, right?”

“Well, I gotta go, see ya later!” Ayame said, turning to jog off. Kamoshida lingered, watching
her go, until she finally went out of sight. Kamoshida then folded in on himself like a
collapsing praying mantis, his awkward limbs compressing into a strange ball as he sat on the
ground and cried.

He cried for several minutes, and all Nanako could do was watch.

Then, a door swung open. Kamoshida looked up, his face tear-stained and his nose dribbling
with snot. A man in a track shorts and with a whistle and stop watch around his neck came
out and looked over at him.

“The hell you doing out here, Kamoshida? What are you crying about?”

“N-nothing, sorry. I’ll go.”

Nanako watched the coach. At first he seemed annoyed to find Kamoshida there, but a wave
of compassion passed over his face.

“Y’know, today’s volleyball tryouts. You should come with me.”

“M-me? Why?”



“Why? Look at yourself, son! You’re a giant! You’re perfectly shaped for volleyball. You just
need a little practice and you could be a great player. Come on, let’s stop moping around
about whatever dumb chick broke your heart and let’s get you some balls!…er, that came out
wrong.”

As the coach and Kamoshida walked off, the channel changed again.

This place, Nanako recognized. It was the gym at Shujin. Now there was Kamoshida in the
volleyball team uniform. He looked to be a third year now, and was playing in practice. He
was fast and strong and spiked the ball hard again and again, crushing his own teammates
under the sheer force of his ability.

“Terenosuke, stop sucking!” a coach, different from the middle school coach, yelled from the
sideline. “Why can’t you pussies be more like Kamoshida? Care about the damn game, care
about winning, damnit!”

“It’s all right coach,” Kamoshida said as he sauntered over to his water bottle. “I can do
enough to carry the whole team.”

“I know that, Suguru-kun, but we need to think tactically about this. Remember, the scouts
are going to be at this next game, and if you juts look like a show-off ball hog they’re never
going to consider you. I need the damn team to support you so you can show your whole
game abilities.”

“Right, coach. I’m sure they won’t let me down.”

“Well I’m not! The rest of you asshats get to running! Forty laps around the gym! Suguru-
kun, you go rest up. No exertion, go to bed early, hydrate, and no sex. Got it?”

“Yes, coach.”

Kamoshida gathered his things and head into the hallway of the practice building. Nanako
followed.

As he walked through the school, Nanako saw people wave at him, give him high fives, and
just call out his name. Kamoshida was the definition of the popular jock. He acknowledged
every person…but not quite the same way that Nanako knew him. There was still a shy smile
in his mannerisms, a sort of gentleness leftover from the tall elementary boy.

“Hey, Kamo-kun~” a very beautiful girl called out as Kamoshida reached the entrance.

“Oh, uh, hey there Rei-chan. What’s up?”

“Mmm, well you could be, if you want to. My parents are out of town, and I have the place
all to myself~”

“Ahh, well, you know I can’t, I have a big game tomorrow. Also you know I’m dating
Ayame.”

“Oh, are you? I didn’t know that was still a thing anymore,” the girl, Rei, said.



“Huh? What do you mean?”

“Well when I saw Ayame out with Tohru-kun the other day, I figured you two were done. I
mean, the two of them were awfully close. Lots of snuggling up, and I think I saw them kiss.
O-oh! I just realized what I must be telling you, I’m so sorry.”

Kamoshida looked shocked and betrayed.

“Well, that’s okay right Kamo-kun? You deserve better. Hotter. Sexier. I can do things that
Ayame wouldn’t even imagine. I know I shouldn’t be so direct and lewd but…with you, I just
can’t help it.”

“I…need to go,” Kamoshida said. He turned and started running down the street, leaving the
pouting Rei behind.

The channel changed.

Kamoshida was walking down a hallway with another tall man. They both had on uniforms
with the Japanese sun on them. They both looked in their 20s.

“I uh…are you sure about this?” Kamoshida asked.

“Hell yeah I’m sure!” the other athlete said. “This is the olympics
. The hottest athletes in the
world are here to hook up. And believe me, when you see these two little gymnasts, you’re
gonna thank me for the rest of your life.”

“You got two girls to come meet us?”

“Nah man, two each
. You never had sex with two girls at the same time? Oh man, you’re
gonna be in for a new reality. You’ll never want to go back.”

The two walked into a hotel room and shut the door.

The channel didn’t change this time, though. This time, the door had a golden light leaking
out of it, and Teddie’s key hung from the door. Nanako quickly reached out and turned it,
flinging the door open and running through.

She stumbled into the Will Seed chamber. Joker was only one more step from where he was -
had all of that happened in less than a second?

Nanako didn’t have the wherewithal to think it through. She fell to her knees.

She cried.



Chapter 102: 4/26 - ????
Chapter Summary

Explanations demanded and received.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

“Sleep!” Nanako yelled into her pillow. 

She had cried too long in the Will Seed chamber. Joker had to pull her out and back to the
group. 

“Sleep!” she squeezed her pillow tighter around her head. 

They had made their way back to the entrance and returned to the real world. They were
exhausted, excited, and ready to face the next day.

“Sleep, god damnit!” 

Nanako went home. Her phone had been chiming like crazy as the rest of the team tried to
make preparations. But Nanako couldn’t read those texts. She couldn’t think of tomorrow. 

“Sleep!” 

It was only 7PM. There was no way she would sleep now.

But she needed to.

“I need answers! SLEEP!” 

Frustrated, she got out of her bed and threw the pillow. It hit the desk, knocking the
Compendium and her gun onto the floor. She sighed, felt silly about her outburst, and picked
up the pillow. Then she picked up the Compendium.

And she sunk. 

“Hello, Nanako,” Margaret said. “You don’t need to sleep to visit me, just use the-”

“Shut up, I have questions,” Nanako snapped. Margaret looked shocked at first. Then
amused. 

“I will answer what I can,” she replied. 



“What the hell was that about!?” Nanako said, storming over to the cage. “Why would you
do that? I didn’t want to see that!”

“I’m afraid I don’t understand,” Margaret said.

“Don’t lie to me! Have you been lying to me this whole time? I saw it. I saw you and Teddie
in that void. I saw his key. You gave me that same key, didn’t you?” 

Margaret tipped her head and held her chin, looking very confused.

“Teddie? The Star? Oh…oh I see. How strange. Yes, once upon a time, Teddie did wander
through the world between dream and reality, the world you call the Metaverse. My master
and I were using the Velvet Room as a limousine at the time and we ended up picking him up
for a brief chat. Your big bro was there as well.” 

“But what about the key? What is it and why did you give it to me?” 

“I don’t know of any key,” Margaret said. “Explain it to me.” 

Nanako did - the story of Teddie creating doors, of her hearing the voices in the Will Seed
chamber, of her opening her own door. Margaret listened with fascination. 

“Ah…this is very interesting indeed.” 

“I don’t want it to be interesting, I want it to be understood!” Nanako demanded. 

“The key is just a visual representation of Teddie’s natural abilities. For some reason, you are
perceiving it as an object, when there is no object at all - simply Teddie’s natural talent to
navigate the Metaverse. Your memory is from when he was trying to find you.” 

“When I was kidnapped,” Nanako said.

“No. Afterwards. When you died.” 

“I…what?” Nanako said. Suddenly all of her rage fluttered out, like a gust turning into a
breeze. “I died?” 

“Briefly, yes. Your soul was under too much stress from your ordeal and you wished to depart
the living world. But you lingered, and eventually, you returned. In the interim, though,
Teddie tried to use his ability to locate you here. He was unable to, of course, but it was a
valiant effort. Your soul must have perceived his actions, which is why you are able to
remember it.” 

Nanako sat down on the floor in front of Margaret’s cell. 

“Teddie can navigate the Metaverse? Why?” 

“Because he’s a shadow. Or at least, he was born a shadow.” 



Nanako’s mouth dropped wide open. “Like…a shadow shadow? One of the enemies I’ve
been fighting?” 

“Indeed. He is a being from the Sea of Souls…though I’m not quite sure what he is now.
Regardless, you have perceived what he could do in creating pathways through what you call
the Metaverse. And in doing so, you unlocked your own ability.” 

“My own ability?” 

“Though many can enter what you call the Metaverse, few can summon their Personas. Of
those who can summon a Persona, there are even fewer who can wield multiple, whom we
call the Wild Cards. Still fewer yet are those who are mysteriously granted additional abilities
within what you call the Metaverse, abilities that are unique to the user. It seems you possess
one such ability - the ability to view the memories of others.” 

“Why do I have it?” 

“I do not know. I doubt even my master would know that. It is just something that happens…
however, I tend to believe in Fate, so I believe that Fate has granted you these abilities for a
specific purpose,” Margaret said. 

“That can’t possibly be true,” Nanako said. “The last thing I wanted was to see that man’s
memories.” 

“And why is that?” 

“Because…because! He is a monster! He abuses students, he sexually harasses and rapes the
female students, he manipulates everything around him to get his way! He is horrifying, and
he must be punished. He must be brought to justice!” 

“I do not see how viewing his memories interferes with that,” Margaret said. 

“Because it makes him a person!” Nanako yelled. “It means that at one point he wasn’t a
monster! He was once an innocent child. He was once the victim, not the perpetrator. He
grew into his abusiveness by the people around him, by taking on negative qualities of the
people who made him feel important and loved. He’s not just some monster that came
crawling out of the Metaverse. He could have been different, and he could be different and…
it makes hurting him seem wrong.” 

Margaret didn’t speak for a long while. Nanako only heard her own breathing, which had
gotten quick and ragged. Slowly, she calmed down. 

“Do you want him to die?” Margaret asked.

“No. I want him to face justice under the law by confessing his crimes with his own mouth.” 

“Indeed. But to do that…well, he would have to be alive, wouldn’t he?” 

“Yes, that’s what I just said,” Nanako said, annoyed.



“But then if you steal away his desires, there must be something left to confess the crimes. If
you are intending to remove his distorted desires, then there must be a good person beneath
to live on, does there not?” 

“I…suppose.” 

“The memories are the transformation. You have seen what he once was and what he can be
again.” 

“That seems so contradictory,” Nanako said. “I hate him. But I also feel bad for him. I don’t
want to feel bad for him, because it makes hating him harder, it makes me doubt what I need
to do…” 

“The greatest people in reality are those who can live in a space of contradiction,” Margaret
said. She held out her two hands, and once again, two tarot cards appeared in them - Justice,
and the Fool. 

“You have an unbending sense of justice. You must see that wrongs are corrected and
prevented when possible. This is what you were, even as a child. It is what made you such an
excellent choice for the Justice arcana.” 

She closed her hand and the Justice card disappeared. 

“However…you also have an incredible amount of empathy. You feel for others, you care
about their problems, and you can’t help but insert yourself into them. This is a trait that is
absolutely essential for The Fool, and for the Wild Card. That power is built out of the power
of bonds, and strong bonds require strong empathy.” 

She closed her other hand and that card vanished. She pushed her hands together, then
revealed a new card with Justice on one side and The Fool on the other. 

“You are both Justice and The Fool. Both are true, despite the contradiction therein. And that
is only one of many contradictions that can coexist.” 

“That…really doesn’t make sense. It’s so confusing,” Nanako said. 

“This is the hardest lesson of life. And it is one that many adults never comprehend. But if
you can master that contradiction, then you can be truly strong. You can both punish this man
and save him.” 

Margaret flourished her hand and the card vanished. She then glanced left and right,, her eyes
narrowed as if she could see something written in the air. 

“You have to go. I’ve attracted too much attention. Keep on the path, Nanako! Strengthen
your bonds, and you’ll understand!” 

Nanako sat up in her bed. Her phone was ringing. She fumbled around for it, grabbed it, and
went to swipe up to answer the call. 

“Are you okay?” Ren asked without even a hello. 



“Yes. Sorry, I was just uh…” 

“I told the others that you overdid it in the Palace. They don’t seem to notice one way or the
other,” he said. “So don’t worry about that. But really…are you okay?” 

His deep voice was so comforting, it made Nanako want to melt into his arms and just lay
there quietly and exist. 

“I am. But I saw something…strange. And I think I need to tell you. I think I need to tell all
of you a lot of things.” 

“Come over, then. We’re all here at Leblanc, preparing for tomorrow.” 

“Now?” Nanako lowered her phone and glanced at the time. It was just getting to be 8
o’clock. 

“Yeah. Sojiro closed up for the day, no one is here. There’ll be plenty of coffee, and Ann just
went out to get a cake,” Ren said. “Plus…it’ll make me feel better to see you in person and
know you’re doing okay.” 

Nanako’s heart melted.

“Yeah, sure. I’ll be right over.” 

Nanako changed, used the bathroom, and gathered her things. She texted Yu and Rise that
she’d be out for a bit, then went to the elevator.

She was on her way to a war meeting.

…With cake and coffee. 

Preparing for battle and hanging out with friends. Contradictions existing in the same space,
Nanako realized. Margaret’s words were still hard for her to wrap her head around, but she
was staring to see that there was a kernel of truth in them. 

Maybe she’d find her true self before this was all over. 

=====

SOCIAL LINK RANK UP

The Fool: Margaret

Level 3

Chapter End Notes

Let's talk about these last two chapters!



I think Seiji put it best when they said "what the fu-"

This was the reaction I was going for, and I'm so glad so many of you felt it! If you had
conflicting feelings about feeling any ounce of sympathy for Kamoshida, don't feel bad.
I'm right there with you! I work in education, so Kamoshida's crimes against students
infuriates me on a special level.

That said, I do think it's important to look at people's actions as a mixture of choice and
circumstance. We don't know much about the "canon" Kamoshida's past life. It's
possible he was an arrogant ass from when he was a kid. My version is a slightly re-
imagined version, where he felt like an outsider, and then when he finally felt accepted,
fell into some bad habits and beliefs from the people that gave him that acceptance.

I LOVE that so many of you said that this backstory "explains but doesn't excuse" and
that is completely what I was going for. Kamoshida never HAD to do any of the things
he did. His actions were understandable, maybe even sympathetic in some scenes, but it
would never justify the distortion of a palace.

I especially enjoyed writing this scene with Nanako and Margaret. I truly, deeply believe
that the more contradictions you can accept at the same time, the better you can move
through life. There's a half dozen quotes about it from people who are smarter and wiser
than I am, but this was a lesson that took me a while to learn. It is possible to punish
Kamoshida and save him at the same time. It's possible to do that with all of them -
that's what makes the Phantom Thieves so interesting to me.

The one thing I love about writing Nanako into P5 is that she brings sincerity. I'm
playing P5R now and where I think the writing misses the mark is that in moments that
they should be sincere and heartfelt they're trying to make a stupid joke (like the Ryuji
getting beaten up scene or the argument with Mona, etc.) It is missing those moments to
tie down the real love of the relationships. Nanako gets to fill in that space and force the
Phantom Thieves to be sincere and honest and open.

I think P4 and P5 have perfect colors for their games. P4 is yellow - full of light and joy
and hope. P5 is red - anger, passion, style, and cleverness. Nanako's yellow lightens up
the red just a tiny bit...

Okay that's WAY TOO MUCH RAMBLING for me. I'm glad you're all enjoying it still!
Thanks for trusting me on all these curveballs, and I hope you enjoy them.

...because more are coming >:D



Chapter 103: 4/26 - Evening
Chapter Summary

Confessions and plans.

“Nanako!” 

Nanako turned around to see Ann rushing up behind her with a box in hand. The two were in
the narrow alley of Yongen, right in front of Leblanc. 

“Hey, glad you’re here! Are you okay? You looked…I don’t know, upset.” 

“I was. But I’m better now. Actually, I think I need to talk about it with you guys.” 

“Okay, yeah. But cake first!” she said, holding the box triumphantly. Nanako smiled. 

The bell on the door rang as they strode through the front. Ann turned and locked the door
behind them. The air was thick with the smell of coffee, but there was no one there. 

“They’re upstairs,” Ann explained. She led the way. 

In his room, Ren had moved the table so the couch could be used on one end. There were
also a couple of chairs and a stool set up for seating. There was a carafe of coffee in the
center of the table, along with several white mugs. Ryuji sat at one seat, sniffing his coffee
suspiciously. His looked like it had so much cream in it that it was almost white. He sipped it.

“Eh…” 

Ren sat with his legs crossed, deep in thought. It wasn’t until Ann set the cake down that he
finally looked up.

“Nanako…I’m glad you’re here,” he said. 

“I am too,” she said. They looked at each other for a moment. Nanako felt like there was a lot
to say, but she couldn’t find any words to say it. She got the same feeling from Ren, too. 

Ann went downstairs to get plates and a knife and sliced the cake expertly. It was a grocery
store angel food cake, and was pretty good, especially with the black coffee. The sugar and
the caffeine was starting to make Nanako feel alert again. 

“Mm…I could eat cake for every meal…” Ann said dreamily. 

“Sweets are like your staple food, huh? You better be careful, you’ll get fat,” Ryuji said. 



“Hey!” 

“If we’re all done stuffing our faces, we have a very important meeting to get started,”
Morgana said.

“Hey, you ate just as much as we did,” Ryuji said. 

“That’s not the point! We need to discuss the calling card and when to execute it,” Morgana
said. 

“Tomorrow would be best,” Ren said. “Golden Week is coming up, and after that is the
school board meeting. We are short on time.” 

“I agree,” Morgana said. “The sooner the better.”

“Ooh! Ooh! Let me handle the calling card!” Ryuji said. “This is gonna be so badass…” 

“Uh…I’m not so sure about that,” Ann said.

“Huh? Why not?” Ryuji asked.

“Your Japanese isn’t that great, what if you make a grammatical mistake?” Ann said.

“Like yours is any better!” 

“That’s not the point! Maybe Ren should do it.” 

“Ryuji will be fine,” Ren replied. Ryuji puffed up and grinned. Ann shrugged.

“Well, okay…” 

“Once the calling card is sent, we will need to steal the treasure that day. However, it’s more
than likely the palace will be on high alert,” Morgana explained.

“That’s why we needed our route secured?” Ann asked.

“Exactly, Lady Ann. Now that we have the palace completely mapped out and understood, it
should be a piece of cake to infiltrate.” 

Ann made a face and patted her stomach when Morgana said “cake.” 

“The thing is, it might not just be enough to have the route secured. Which is why Ren and I
have been working on-” 

“Hold on,” Nanako said. Everyone stopped and looked at her. “There’s something I need to
say. Something really important.” 

Everyone waited. Nanako said nothing. Suddenly the nerves were seizing her up. What if
they hated her after she said what she had to say? What if she was about to lose the first deep
friendships she’d ever made? 



“What is it, Nanako?” Ann prodded gently.

“It’s about why weird things keep happening to me in the Metaverse,” Nanako said.

“Stop. You don’t have to do this,” Ren said, sitting up. “It doesn’t matter.”

“It does matter, Ren.” 

“What are you talking about?” Ryuji asked, looking between the two of them. 

“It’s about…” Nanako looked at Ren. Did he know what she was going to say? If so…how?
Ren had said that she was “famous”…was that what he meant? 

“Nanako…?” Ann asked. She looked worried. 

“Ten years ago, there was a serial killer in my hometown of Inaba,” Nanako said. Both Ann
and Ryuji looked shocked at the sudden turn in topic, but Ryuji frowned.

“Oh yeah…I think I remember hearing about that…but what does that have to do with you?” 

“My dad is a detective and he worked on that case. Near the end of the case, when the police
were getting close and the culprit was getting desperate…I was kidnapped.” 

Ann gasped and put her hand on her mouth. Ryuji and Morgana were wide-eyed.

Ren folded his arms and looked at the table. 

“I almost died, as a result. So did my dad. But we both recovered, the culprit was captured,
and that was sort of the end of it. To be honest, I never knew much more about it than that. I
was pretty young and my memories of what happened were hazy at best. Dad,
understandably, didn’t want to talk about it much as I got older. Nobody I knew did. I think
they were trying to protect me. But…recently, I’ve started to remember some of it. It started
out as a dream, but things keep getting clearer and clearer. And…I’m pretty sure that this
isn’t the first I’ve been in the Metaverse.” 

“Wait, what?” Ryuji said.

“You’ve been before?” Morgana said, shocked.

“Why?” Ann asked.

“I don’t know. I can’t remember why, exactly. But this power of Persona…Izanagi, the ability
to change my Personas…it’s a power borrowed from my big bro. Well, he’s not really my
brother, he’s my cousin, but…anyway…the point is, I think somehow the serial killer was
using the Metaverse to commit his crimes, and I was dragged in there to suffer a similar fate.
My big bro saved me.” 

“That’s incredible…” Morgana said. 

“That’s horrible,” Ann said. 



“When we’re in the Metaverse, sometimes these memories come rushing back to me and it’s
disorienting. That’s why sometimes I freeze up or faint or cry or…am generally useless…” 

“Hey, that’s understandable, considerin’ what you went through in there,” Ryuji said. 

“Thank you…but I think…” 

Nanako took a deep breath.

“I think you should go take the treasure without me.” 

“No.” 

Ren stood up. 

“No. We need you. There’s no way we can do this without you. If you hadn’t been there
today, we would have died,” Ren said. 

“That’s nice of you, but you pushed me out of the way. If you hadn’t had to do that, you
could’ve dodged it yourself…” 

“No. I won’t accept any other way,” Ren said. 

“Yeah, Ren’s right,” Ann added. “You’re strong, Nanako. And you’ve been a huge help to me
and the team. We can’t do this without you.” 

“Besides, you’re pissed off at Kamoshida too, ain’t ya? Could you really stop now and let it
go?” Ryuji asked. 

“I am…but that’s the other thing I need to tell you about.” 

Nanako told them about her experience in the Will Seed chamber. She left out the parts about
Margaret and Teddie, since they would take too long to explain and she wasn’t sure they
would follow. But she explained that somehow she had accessed his memories while in there,
and told them what she saw. 

“So…you feel some sympathy for him now?” Ann asked darkly. She was looking at her lap
now, her voice cold. 

“No. It doesn’t excuse him for anything he did. He had troubles in his life, but so have all of
us. He let himself become distorted by his desires and he needs to be held accountable for
that…but I don’t want him to die.” 

“I don’t either,” Ryuji said. “As much of a bastard as he is, I don’t want to become a
murderer. That’s almost worse than doing nothing.” 

“I don’t think any of us want his death,” Morgana added. 

Everyone looked at Ann.



“…You’re worried that you’ll lose your nerve, though,” Ann said to Nanako, looking up.
“That’s why you want to stay behind. You’re worried you’ll try to stop me and we won’t steal
the treasure.” 

“Yes. Between that and my flashbacks…I could ruin it. And if Morgana says we only have
one chance…” 

Ann stood up and walked over to the other side of the room, leaning against the railing by the
stairs. Her fingers gripped into the rail. 

“You’re my friend, right?” Ann said.

“Yes.” 

“…Then I’ll trust you.” 

“…Thank you, Ann,” Nanako said. She turned to Ren. “Are you sure you want me there?” 

“Without question,” he said. He reached up and took his glasses off, looking at her straight in
the eyes. “But I won’t make you. Will you stay with us?” 

Nanako felt her heart pounding. 

“Yes.” 

“All right. Glad that’s taken care of,” Ryuji said. “It’s getting late and I gotta start working on
the calling card…anything else you need us to work out?” 

“Ryuji, you’re terrible at reading the situation…” Morgana said, rolling his eyes. “And yes,
there is. Ren and I have been working on a plan. We need to go over it.” 

Ren laid out a stack of papers. Nanako’s eyes widened.

“What is all this!? It’s…so detailed!” 

“Pay attention everyone,” Ren said. 



Chapter 104: SIR SUGURU KAMOSHIDA
Chapter Summary

...

SIR SUGURU KAMOSHIDA,

 

The UTTER BASTARD of LUST

We know how SHITTY you are

and that you put your TWISTED DESIRES

on STUDENTS that CAN'T FIGHT BACK.

 

That's why we've decided to STEAL

away those desires and make you

CONFESS YOUR SINS.

 

This will be done TOMORROW,

so we hope you will be ready.

 

From: The Phantom Thieves of Heart

 

 

 

 

 






Chapter 105: 4/27 - Early Morning
Chapter Summary

Breakfast.

“Hey, are you okay?” Yu asked at the breakfast table. Nanako looked up. 

“I’m a…” 

What? A little nervous. Worried. Scared. What could she tell him that would make any sense
but wouldn’t cause him to ask a hundred questions? How could she tell him what she really
felt?: that she wished he would just go in and fix everything so she wouldn’t have to. How
could she admit that right there, sitting at the table, she felt six years old again, and that she
just wanted to be taken care of?

 She felt a hand on her shoulder. Yu had gotten up and set his hand on her. 

“Whatever it is, you can do it. I believe in you.” 

Nanako smiled. As generic as those words were, they were the ones she needed to hear. 

After her discussion with the team last night, there were a lot of doubts and insecurities
running through her. Everything seemed okay but…was it? She had so much she still wanted
to say and ask and talk about with each and every one of them. 

But she had to put it all aside. That could come later. Today they had to be 100% focused on
the task.

Today they had to steal Kamoshida’s heart. 

“Thanks, big bro.” 

Yu bent down and hugged her.

…Then stole one of her strawberries.

“Yoink.” 

“Hey!” 






Chapter 106: 4/27 - Morning
Chapter Summary

Hallway.

“Hey did you see this?” 

“It was here before I got here…I think it’s been here since early this morning.” 

“Phantom Thieves of Heart?” 

“What is this drawing…” 

“Do you think it’s true? Did Kamoshida-sensei do something wrong?” 

“Maybe this has to do with Suzui…” 

The Shujin students went silent. Kamoshida stalked down the hall.

“What the…who the hell did this!? Was it you!? You!?” 

“Well, well…typical response from someone with guilt on their conscience,” Morgana said
from tucked away in Ren’s school bag.

“Yeah…but did the card have to be so lame?” Ann asked.

“What!? I looked up a bunch of similar stuff last night, it’s exactly like that.” 

“Well, yeah, it’s just…what’s with the drawing?” 

“It’s our logo!” 

“Really? And what about the phrasing? I mean I get what you were trying to say, but…” 

“Are you for real right now?” Ryuji said. He turned to Ren and Nanako. “What do you guys
think?” 

“It’s okay if you’re not a great artist,” Ren said. 

“And we’ll work on the grammar for next time,” Nanako added.

“Aw come on…” 



“He’s coming this way,” Morgana said. “Split up, and we’ll reconvene after school. Don’t
draw any attention to yourself.” 



Chapter 107: 4/27 - Palace of Lust
Chapter Summary

Life Will Change

“Everyone remember what they’re supposed to do?” Mona asked.

“Yeah, yeah, I spent all night studyin’ it,” Skull grumbled.

“Then everyone stay cool and stick to your part. Remember if you run into trouble, head to
your safe room and wait for Joker to come get you,” Mona said.

“Yeah, yeah can we just start already?” Skull said, twisting his arm in a circle as he always
did. Nanako glanced over at Joker.

“Any last words, leader?” 

Joker took a step away from the group and looked up at the dark castle against the red sky. 

“If we do our jobs right, then…the people who were affected by Kamoshida and every
student of Shujin Academy, present and fuuture…for them…life will change.” 

Nanako could feel everyone get fired up. 

“It’s showtime!” 

There were two infiltration points - the hole in the wall, and the objects that led to the
window that led to chandeliers over the main hall. Joker and Mona went left, to the original
hole in the wall. Nanako, Skull, and Panther went right, climbing the boxes and bricks to the
window. 

Nanako gave one last look at Joker before he vanished inside. 

Good luck, she thought. And be careful. 

The three of them leapt onto the chandeliers and looked below. Shadows were gathered in the
center, rushing around in a panic. The whole palace had an aura of panic and chaos fueled by
Kamoshida’s cognition and the effects of the calling card. Nanako could hear them barking
orders and yelling contradictory ideas of where they were going to attack and why. 

Perfect conditions. 

The three of them knelt on one of the chandeliers. 



“Be careful, Angel,” Panther said in a low voice.

“I will. You too.” 

They held hands and gripped them tight. 

“Skull…we’re counting on you, too,” Nanako said. 

“Heh, no problem.” 

Nanako reached across the leather strap of the Compendium and unhooked one of the smoke
grenades and dropped it to the entryway floor. 

The smoke added to the frenzy of the shadows below and the group of them immediately
transformed into their true shadow forms. Nanako and Panther already dropped from above,
landing in the thickest portion of the smoke. 

They gave each other one last high five. 

Then Nanako opened the Compendium. 

“Valkyrie!” 

The Strength arcana Persona grasped Nanako by the hand and carried her forward, charging
relentlessly up the center stairs until it plowed into the side of Kamoshida’s disgusting
portrait. The portrait spun, allowing Nanako into the hidden chamber with the elevators. She
continued on towards the tower elevator. 

Meanwhile, Panther remained in the center of the smoke. Shadows were yelling and waving
their appendages. One Berith, the commander, was trying to rally the others to follow the
blurred shape of Nanako and Valkyrie up the stairs. 

“Persona!” 

Carmen’s flaming figure appeared in the smoke, looking like a demon.

“Hello boys,” Ann said, striking a pose. “Incinerate them, Carmen!” 

Carmen’s fire was boosted by her anger and rage, drawing a serpentine twist of fire across the
floor that left a four meter wall of fire in its wake. More smoke filled the room. Shadows too
slow to dodge the fire were set ablaze - most died immediately, but a few were unlucky
enough to dive out of the way and slowly burn. 

Panther spun around and directed her attention at a pair of floating Angels and thought
concentrated blasts of rage at them. Tightly compacted balls of fire were summoned from the
end of Carmen’s delicate hands, streaked through the air, and consumed the shadows where
they floated. 

She turned again and fired smaller blasts of flame at anything that might catch on fire -
furniture, carpets, tapestries, even the doors. Panther’s job was to fill the bottom floor with as



much flame as she could summon and attract on the attention. 

Between the intense heat, smoke, and other chaos, everything was under control. Morgana
and Joker had warned, though, that it wouldn’t hold. She had to keep up the pressure long
enough for the rest of the team to do their parts. 

-=BANQUET HALL=- 

“Over here, assholes!”

Blam blam blam!

Skull spun the shotgun away after the shadows vanished from his attack. He ran towards a
Cait Sith, who had positioned himself on a table so that it might use the height and get its
sword at Skull’s neck level. Skull just ran forward, dropped, skid on his kneepads, and then
cracked his pipe into the Cait Sith’s ankles. 

The shadow screeched, crumpled, then melted. 

“Time to pillage, Captain Kidd!” 

He ripped off his mask and the spectral pirate appeared. Skull and the Captain both quickly
started reaching out to the shelves, pulling out every bottle they could get their hands on and
tossing them into the floating ship. Once it was full up, he turned and ran, focusing on
keeping his Persona summoned - one falter of concentration and his part of the plan could be
ruined. 

He burst through the doors into the spiral staircase, where two Bicorn were waiting. The
Captain rushed forward, smashing his bow into the first, pressing the Bicorn’s neck against
the wall. He then turned his hand, under Skull’s command, and fired lightning from his arm
cannon. The second Bicorn fizzled out in a shower of sparks while the first was pressed into a
liquid, like a juiced orange. 

“No time for small fries like you,” Skull announced. He kept running up the stairs with
Captain Kidd close behind. 

-=LOWER WILL SEED CHAMBER=-

The chamber door opened.

“Oh good, you’re still here,” Joker said. He took two strides and grabbed Kamothreeda by the
neck and tore him free from the Will Seed pedestal. Kamothreeda squealed in pain, and then
terror.

“What are you doing!? I’ve been stuck there for a day, having the same horrid nightmares…” 

“Shut up,” Joker said as he dragged Kamothreeda from the chamber and back onto the
walkway. He pulled off his mask. “Silky!” 



The green-skinned housemaid floated forward and meekly held out her hands towards one of
the waterfalls. The word bufu appeared his mind and the power of ice flowed through the
Persona. Within seconds, one of the tall waterfalls pouring into the swirling abyss was
completely frozen.

“W-w-w-what are you doing to me?” Kamothreeda stammered. Joker whipped out the
grappling hook to the top of the frozen waterfall. 

“Giving you perspective.” 

He rose up like a demon, dragging Kamothreeda behind him. 

-=TRAINING HALL OF LOVE=-

“King Kamoshida is going to want all the slaves!” one knight declared. “Even the weak and
scrawny can serve as water carriers or cannon fodder! Deactivate all of the torture tools!” 

The knights swiftly moved through the dungeon, shutting down the devices. One by one the
cognitive Shujin students were dragged from their cells. As soon as they passed through a
threshold, they transformed into the metal-helmeted slaves that Kamoshida believed them to
be and fell meekly in line. 

“Hey…what happened here?” One knight asked.

“Huh? What do you mean?” 

“The volleyball cannon,” he said, pointing at the device that repeatedly fired volleyballs into
a hanging victim. “I didn’t turn it off. Did you?” 

“No…maybe it broke because of the fire?” 

“That doesn’t make sense.” 

“Meowa-ha-ha-ha! Do you two dopes really have time for this argument?” 

Both knights looked up to see Mona and Zorro descending from the ceiling. Both swept their
blades deftly across the exposed necks of the knights, evaporating them before they even had
a chance to transform. Mona struck a pose while Zorro stood behind him, two barrels under
each of his arms. 

“What a stylish victory. Too bad Lady Ann wasn’t here to see it…oh well, the plan goes on.” 

Mona and Zorro charged through the dungeon. 

-=THE CHAPEL=-

Nanako had moved down from the upper tower, across the rooftop, and back into the chapel.
Any backup soldiers that Kamoshida had up in the tower would have to pass through here if
they were going to support the lower levels of the palace. It was a natural choke point, and
Nanako’s job was to hold them up here as much as she could.



Alone.

It was the one part of the plan that both Joker and Mona disliked, and there was a lot of
deliberation the night before to whether or not they should change it. Nanako insisted though
that with her changing Personas she had enough power and versatility to handle it. Mona still
wasn’t sure, but once Nanako explained her ideas to Joker, he had been fully on board.

Now she had to make sure not to let them down. 

The doors from the tower slammed open and the shadows charged towards the doors that
would lead them towards the study. At that moment, Nanako grabbed two more smoke
grenades and hurled them at their feet. The smoke caused them to skid to a halt and
transform. 

Nanako opened the Compendium. Fool arcana.

“Legion,” Nanako commanded and squeezed a card. A horrifying red glob of melded faces
appeared. “Tentarafoo!” 

The confusion spell swirled around the Shadows, already confused by the smoke. 

“Berith!” Nanako said, flipping through pages and squeezing a different card. Legion
dissolved and was replaced by the mounted knight. She crept forward, hiding her body in the
smoke while trying to keep Berith visible. She cleared her throat and tried to make her voice
sound as low-pitched and manly as possible.

“Traitors! There are traitors against King Kamoshida among us! Kill them!” 

The shadows, under the confusion spell, the smoke, and seeing a Berith give them
commands, turned on each other and started casting spells and clawing viciously at one
another. Nanako released Berith and switched her arcana back to the Fool, keeping Legion at
the ready. More would come, and she’d need to use Tentarafoo again. 

-=THE STUDY=-

Skull and the Captain kicked down another set of doors. They smashed bottles against
bookcases. 

“Hey! This is King Kamoshida’s very important study!” a Pixie cried. “It has the whole
collection of his history, his accomplishments, his musingS, his beliefs, his- nooo!” 

Skull crushed the Pixie under his pipe.

“Reading sucks,” Skull muttered. He picked up another bottle and smashed it against another
bookcase. 

-=CENTRAL HALL=-

Panther idly wondered if her resistance to heat would mean if next summer wouldn’t be so
hot.



The central hall was fire and smoke. Some shadows had broken the doors and windows,
hoping to vent the smoke out and clear the air, but that had only given Panther clearer targets
to burn. 

But she was running out of mental energy, and things to burn. She had already returned
Carmen to her mask and crouched low at the bottom of the stairs, hiding in the darkness of
the smoke. Fortunately, the shadows had stopped their relentless onslaught.

Unfortunately, that probably meant they were planning something. 

There was a cry of charging shadows from the west door. Leading the charge were three
Silkys, their hands held high as they threw waves of ice at the flames, trying to douse them
with the resulting water. Panther leapt up and drew her submachine gun. 

“Eat lead!” 

Rattatattatattatattatattatatta!

It was hard to keep her aim steady, but she didn’t want to cast any more spells. She was
reaching her limit there, and if she burned herself out before the others got back then-

A wave of dark purple energy shot out between the bullets and smoke and struck Panther in
the dead center of her chest. 

Terror seized her.

“Shit…Evil Touch…” she grumbled to herself. She stopped firing, too scared to fight back. 

“How dare you inflict the heart of Lady Ann!” 

A swirl of green sparkles surrounded Panther, and her artificial fear was gone. She was
surrounded in another wave of sparkling green energy and her physical damage was
completely healed. 

Floating in the chaos ahead of her was an Incubus, who was already readying another blast of
the Evil Touch spell. Mona zipped beneath him and leapt up, driving his sword into his leg.
Panther took the moment and lashed out with her whip, landing the strike perfectly at the
crown of his head. 

“Thanks, Mona,” Panther said crouching low. “Is everything set?” 

“Of course, Lady Ann. Now we just gotta wait for the idiot to-” 

“Peeeeerrrrrsona!” 

The east door burst open with Captain Kidd charging through it, splintering the wood. Two
shadows were thrown through the door as well, and immediately got up and scrambled away.
Captain Kidd faded, leaving only Skull as he ran down the stairs and across the hall, pouring
red wine out of a huge jug. When he got to the base of the stairs he dropped the jug and let it
lay there on its side, spilling it onto the tile. 



“I’m here!” Skull yelled. 

“About time!” Mona snapped.

“Shut up! I’ll clear a path!” 

Skull continued his run, tearing off his mask. Captain Kidd careened through the portrait of
Kamoshida, tearing it to shreds. Mona and Panther climbed in after him, with Panther waiting
at the door. 

“Six targets…can you get them all?” 

“Of course. I’ve been waiting for this! Persona!” 

Panther focused on each of the six points she was supposed to hit. Carmen posed behind her,
her confidence brimming through Ann’s heart. 

“Dance, Carmen! Maragi!” 

Six blasts of fire erupted simultaneously, hitting their targets perfectly. Mona pulled on her
hand as soon as he confirmed that she’d hit the shots, dragging her towards the elevator. Skull
was already there, pulling cans of cold brew coffee out of a bag and setting them on the floor.
Mona and Panther crashed into the elevator and Skull hit the lever.

“Drink up, Lady Ann. We need your mental energy restored.” 

She nodded and started popping tabs. 

The explosion came next. 

-=THE ROOF=-

From their vantage point on the roof, Joker and Kamothreeda saw smoke erupt from the front
of the castle, along with shattered glass and several dying shadows. The rumble was strong
enough to shake the castle foundations. 

Kamothreeda had a great view, since he was currently being dangled over the edge of the
castle. 

“What was that!?” 

“Mona took the gunpowder used in the volleyball launcher and brought it up to the central
section. He then placed them beside key structural pillars in the Central Hall. Panther lit them
on fire, as well as a jug of wine. The gun powder barrels exploded, running the stability of
the castle.” 

“Wait, wine?” Kamothreeda asked.

“Yes. Skull just spent his time taking all the alcohol from the banquet hall and dousing the
study. No doubt the fire has followed the trail all the way to the heart of the castle, where it’s



now burning every book Kamoshida has.” 

“Those are his histories…” 

Joker didn’t mention the sixth target Panther hit - the remaining twenty or so smoke grenades
Nanako had bought off the TV. They were all gushing smoke on the bottom floor now,
making the resulting explosion and fire look way more damaging than it was. 

“Why…” Kamothreeda begged to know. 

“Because we’re destroying this palace. It’ll be nothing but rubble, and your master will have
nowhere to go.” 

“But why show me? Why tell me?” 

“So you can tell your master.” 

Joker released Kamothreeda. He only tumbled a few feet before Joker unloaded an entire clip
into his chest. Kamothreeda melted into a mass of yellow-black goo and stuck to the side of
the castle wall. Then it started to slide away, unnaturally fast for what it was. 

What remained of Kamothreeda was returning to King Kamoshida. Including the false
information. 

Joker looked over the edge and saw a stained glass window shatter from inside. He
immediately dove over the side and fired his grappling hook. 

The arc was perfect. He swung down directly by the broken window at the exact moment
Nanako came leaping out of it. 

She slipped into his arms and held on tightly as they swung back upwards to the roof. They
both landed effortlessly at the top. 

“You okay?” Joker asked.

“Yeah, I barely did any fighting. You?” 

“Kamothreeda is heading back to his master.” 

“What about the others?” Nanako asked.

“Not sure, but the explosion went off down below. At least we know Mona made it.” 

“I’m sure Skull did too,” Nanako said, patting his shoulder.

“Yeah. I”m sure too. Come on, let’s go meet up with them.” 



Chapter 108: 4/27 - Palace of Lust
Chapter Summary

Remember

“Oooh…so shiny…so golden…so satisfying…”

“Mona, get off!” Skull yelled. 

The plan had gone smoothly. The chaos on the lower floors was meant to make it look like an
attack on the castle itself. This, combined with Joker telling Kamothreeda the goal, was to
supposed to make King Kamoshida believe that was their ultimate goal - not the treasure.

When the team reunited at throne room, it was empty, and the doors were wide open.

Now, Mona was getting intimate with the treasure.

“Oohhh…I just wanna nuzzle right here forever…” 

“Mona!” Panther yelled. 

This did the trick. Mona leapt off the floating golden crown. “I…I’m sorry…I didn’t mean to
act so lewdly in front of a lady…” 

“Why is the crown so big?” Nanako asked.

“I’m not sure…but it’s going to be a problem,” Joker said. “We’ll take it to the elevator.
Panther, did you destroy the front doors?” 

“Oh yeah, between me and Skull, I don’t think there are any doors left down there…” 

“Then we’ll charge through. Everyone stay close together and use your Personas. All we
need to do is get the treasure across the threshold,” Joker said. “Everyone grab a corner.”

They did. They charged down the stairs and into the throne room.

“Go, go, go, go, Ka-mo-shi-da!” 

The volleyball struck the crown and wrenched it from their hands. 

Nanako tumbled to one side, hand sliding to her holster. Her gun was up and aimed before
Kamoshida was even done his stupid flip. Joker was on the opposite side in a similar
position, while Mona, Panther, and Skull stood in the center, ready to fight, but not quite as
battle-ready. 



“You dumbass children really thought this would work? All you’ve done is thrown a temper
tantrum in my castle and tried to steal what is rightfully mine. You don’t know the blood,
sweat, and tears I spent to win this treasure,” Kamoshida said, holding up a crown that was
now correctly sized for his head. He held it admiringly in his hand, even while he still wore
another crown on his own head.

“I do know what it took,” Nanako said. “It wasn’t easy. And you did work hard, both
physically and emotionally. But that doesn’t give you the right to inflict your desires on other
people!” 

“The treasure was your reward. You don’t get to own all of reality,” Joker added.

“Or use women how you want!” Panther said.

“Or hurt those who threaten you, asshole,” Skull said. 

“Temper tantrum, temper tantrum, temper tantrum,” Kamoshida said. He balanced the crown
and the volleyball, while another cognitive Ann in a seductive kitty outfit came running out
to kiss Kamoshida on the cheek. Panther snarled and cracked her whip on the ground. 

“You’re making a tactical mistake,” Joker said.

“No, you are. I see through your plans, kid. You haven’t structurally damaged my castle
enough for it to be a threat. You may have made a lot of smoke and fire, but I’ll have that
cleaned up in no time. Nothing is going to topple my fortress!” 

“I don’t need the castle to fall,” Joker said. “But most of your guards are dead, dying, burned,
exhausted, or confused. You have no one to protect you here. And there’s five of us and only
one of you.” 

“Aha…so you’ve resorted to common violence? Fine with me. I prefer it to all this sneaking
around anyway…” 

“Uh oh…Joker…” Mona said, drawing his sword. The world started to rumble, and the light
dimmed around Kamoshida except for his glowing eyes. The same murky matter that formed
shadows started to swirl around him. 

“Now…face my full power!” 

Kamoshida transformed into a hideous representation of himself. He grew at least ten times
larger and loomed above them. He had four arms, each carrying things to satisfying his
endless desires. His tongue lolled. His eyes bugged out and drifted maddeningly. 

He had a huge head.

A huge red head.

A shadow with a huge red head.

Nanako couldn’t breathe. 



She tried to force herself to breathe, but she couldn’t. Her vision was starting to dim. 

“I…” she gasped. That was enough to get some air into her, but now that she could feel her
lungs, she couldn’t stop breathing. She was hyperventilating, and now she was dizzy from it. 

Joker’s grappling hook wrapped around her waist and yanked her from her position as he ran
for the door. She was pulled outside of the throne room, rattling her from her stupor for a
moment. 

“Angel! Angel, focus!” Joker yelled, shaking her by the shoulders.

“Where are my slaves!?” Kamoshida roared. From nooks and crannies of the castle, tiny little
figures with metal helmets rushed into the throne room, offering their chains willingly to one
of Kamoshida’s greedy hands. Another hand held a great golden goblet, where the cognitive
Kitty Ann was lounging, splashing happily in a tub of wine. 

Slaves…control…

Something isn’t right!

Bro, what’s wrong?

My body…I can’t…guys, run!

Dude what the hell you doing!?

Oh no, Sensei!

That guy is somehow controlling him!?

This is bad!

I’m coming!

No, Yosuke, don’t!

“Nanako!” 

Her name brought her back. Joker had his forehead pressed against hers. She was vaguely
aware that Skull, Panther, and Mona had fallen back towards the door, firing their guns
relentlessly at Kamoshida and the slaves that were trying to chase after them. 

“What’s wrong!? Is she okay?” Skull asked. 

“I…” Nanako trembled. 

“It’s okay. I got you.”  Joker looked up at the rest of the team. “New plan. I’ll stay here and
protect Nanako.” 

“What!? We can’t fight this bastard off without you!” Skull said.



“We don’t need to. We only need the treasure. Mona, he doesn’t know you. Can you get in
position to steal the crown off his head?” 

Mona grinned proudly. “Ho ho, so we go back to stealing it right from under his nose? You
truly are the perfect leader. Leave that to me.” 

“What about us?” Skull asked.

“You two have some things to work out with Kamoshida, don’t you?” Joker asked. Skull
looked confused and glanced at Panther.

But Panther understood.

“PERSONA!” 

Fire leapt with tremendous heat and intensity from Carmen, incinerating the first line of
slaves immediately. 

“Ahhh. Okay, we’ll kick his ass and grab the treasure! Peerrrrsona!” 

Lightning joined the flames. Nanako tried to stand, but her legs gave way and she tumbled
back onto the ground. Joker sat behind her, propping her up.

“Hey, Nanako.” 

Her name again. The name was a rock she could hold onto. She felt his hand reach around to
take hers, and she instinctively grabbed it.

“Nanako. This is like before, right? Something like this happened?” 

“Y-…” her voice wouldn’t work.

“Just nod or shake your head.” 

She nodded.

“When you were a child, someone stole you and brought you into the Metaverse. You
shouldn’t have been here. But someone helped you right?” 

“B-b-b-b-big bro…” 

“Shh, it’s okay,” Joker whispered. No, wait, not Joker. There was no mask, no gloves.

Ren.

“S-s-sorry…”

“It’s not your fault. It shouldn’t have happened, and I hate that it did. I’m glad you had
someone to save you. But it must’ve been frightening.” 

“Y-y-yes…” 



Yes. It was frightening, Nanako realized. Not because she was in danger, but because…of
Yu. 

Yu. Her big bro, the perfect savior from her loneliness. The person who could do wrong in
her eyes, the type of person she thought she would one day marry. 

He had scary monsters coming out of his soul. 

Fire monsters, razor blade monsters, dragons…they came from inside him. They came from
the rage of this man that had captured him. And Nanako remembered being afraid of Yu and
the red head man. She remembered thinking…where was she supposed to go? To one
monster, or another? Was big bro just a lie? Was he really this monster-man? 

And she remembered the shame of these thoughts. The shame was so strong it had smothered
the memories, buried them deep inside of her. She felt the shame sharply now - how dare she
think such things of Yu, who had risked so much to save her? 

“I was afraid of everything. Even my big bro,” Nanako whispered. 

Ren’s arms encircled her. She turned her head and nuzzled into his chest.

“Him, and his friends…these monsters were coming out of them. They were so angry, so
desperate, so scared…I remembered thinking that…maybe I was surrounded by monsters.
Maybe I was never safe. Maybe it would be better to die. And then I felt so ashamed for
thinking that…” 

Ren said nothing. He just held her. Nanako was distantly aware of the battle, of Panther and
Skull giving it their all against Kamoshida and the slaves.

They were pretty frightening too, if Nanako thought about it. Ryuji had summoned up the
memory of the pipe that ruined his life and used it to smash his revenge into Kamoshida’s
subconscious. And Ann…her rage was so hot that it melted a sword before she had even
summoned her Persona. They were just as monstrous as anything else.

Ann was kind and loyal.

And Ryuji was encouraging and saw the best in everyone. 

“Contradictions,” Nanako said. “A Persona is a contradiction…a monster and a hero, all at
once. It’s our true selves, but also the mask we wear for the world. Yu was frightening, and
comforting all at once. And it’s okay that they both exist in the same person. I…I don’t have
to be a monster to fight back. That’s what I was afraid of.” 

Ren just held her. 

“Help me stand up,” Nanako whispered.

Ren stood up and offered a hand. He helped Nanako to her feet. She looked at the battle
ahead of her, and her dizziness returned. She leaned forward, but Ren caught her. 



“You can do this,” he said. “Remember what we’re fighting for.” 

“Justice,” Nanako said. 

“Justice for Suzui. Justice for the volleyball team. Justice for every student he ever had. And
to protect the students that will come up after us,” Ren said. 

Nanako raised her hand, trying to summon the card. Her arm was shaky until Ren slid his
underneath it, steadying it.

“Together,” Ren said. He swept to the other side of her, holding her like they were going to
dance, their arms outstretched. Nanako nodded.

Izanagi’s card appeared between their palms. 

Their hands pressed together, shattering the card.

Izanagi appeared behind her. The presence of her big bro’s Persona filled Nanako with a new
confidence. She felt steady again. 

“Thank you, Ren,” she said. He grinned, already back in his mask. 

“Let’s help our friends,” he said, offering his hand. Nanako slipped her hand into his…

…Then a little further, her fingers working quickly on his wrist. 

“Yoink,” she said. Before Joker could respond, Nanako attached the grappling hook around
her own wrist.

“Hey, I need that-” 

“Then you should’ve made me one!” 

Nanako latched to the center chandelier above Kamoshida’s head. She had seen Joker swing a
hundred times before and had been mesmerized by his grace and fluidity - enough that her
cognition on how to do it should be strong enough. She zipped through the air, sailing over
the crown.

“Izanagi!” 

Izanagi slashed the crown towards Mona, who was waiting on the balcony.

“Hey, this is my part of the plan!” He complained. Zorro appeared and caught the flying
crown. 

“No! That’s mine! I earned it, fair and square! You can’t take that away from me!”
Kamoshida screeched. “I’ll crush you where you stand, you little shits!”

“Arsene!” 



The demonic gentleman rushed forward, raking his claws across Kamoshida’s belly in an
unflinching fury. Panther and Skull fell back, both looking exhausted. Nanako saw the burn
marks across Kamoshida. They must have really let him have it. 

“Angel, get him from both ends!” Mona yelled. 

“Right! Izanagi, dice him up!” 

Arsene’s fists drove so deep into Kamoshida’s belly that he vomited a geyser of black
shadow goop. Izanagi cut off two of the extra arms, spilling more of the excess shadow
goop. 

Nanako rushed to the other side, joining her friends. Mona leapt down too, and the five of
them stood to confront injured Kamoshida.

“Why…” 

Slowly, the demonic Kamoshida melted away, being replaced with the image of kneeling
King Kamoshida. 



Chapter 109: 4/27 - Palace of Lust
Chapter Summary

Ice.

“Ow, what the hell!” Skull snapped. 

The team leapt backward from a sudden wall of fire that erupted from the ground. Panther
strode towards the kneeling Kamoshida, Carmen fanning the flames. The fire encircled
Panther and Kamoshida. 

“You…” Panther growled. 

“Heyyy, leave him alone~!” 

Kitty Ann jumped from behind Kamoshida, holding her arms out, acting as a human shield
for her fallen king. Panther glared at Kitty Ann. 

“Is that really what you think of me? Just a little blonde bimbo? A play doll that you can stick
your dick in!?” 

The fire leapt up an extra foot for a moment, causing King Kamoshida to cower even further. 

“King Kamoshida is great! Nobody understands him at all! He deserves a loving partner to
walk through the world with him! Doesn’t everyone?” 

“He doesn’t! Not anymore! Maybe he did at one time, but he’s lost the right to any
happiness!” 

The fire tightened around them. 

“Why can’t you just give him another chaaaance,” Kitty Ann whined.

“How many chances did he give Shiho?” 

Kitty Ann lunged for Panther. Panther’s whip cracked across Kitty Ann’s belly, leaving a
long red streak. Kitty Ann collapsed to the ground, whimpering in a ball. 

“Kill me,” King Kamoshida said. “When you lose, you lose everything. You win. You have
the right to do what you want.”

“Don’t tempt me!” 



All of the fire in the room rose into the air and gathered above Ann. The flames braided into a
tight whip of white-hot fire. It writhed above her like a living thing, ready to consume
Kamoshida and Kitty Ann. 

“…Why can’t I do it?” Ann said, her voice breaking. “I…I want to…but…” 

The flame whip cracked against the ground, melting a line into the marble tile. 

“Why can’t I even kill this disgusting cognition!” Ann yelled at Kitty Ann. 

“She’s you, too,” Nanako said. While Ann had the fire gathered, Nanako had slowly walked
closer to her friend. “Or at least, you can see part of you in her.” 

“You corrupted my hate, Nanako,” Ann said. “You told me that stupid story about
Kamoshida’s past…his pain, his failures…and now I can’t hate him anymore. I just pity
him.” 

“And what about her?” Nanako asked, pointing at Kitty Ann.

“I…” 

“This is Kamoshida’s cognition of you. His belief of who you are. And look. She’s protecting
Kamoshida. She’s showing empathy and kindness, even though it’s twisted into the wrong
person. Those things about you are so strong that even Kamoshida sees them. And that’s why
you can’t destroy her.” 

“Ugh!” Panther turned and stomped away, her mask reappearing. “I want him to burn.” 

“Revenge isn’t justice,” Nanako said quietly.

Ann turned around and stared down Kamoshida. 

“When you think about what you’ve done, I want you to remember for the rest of your life
the pain you caused me and Shiho. Suffer for it every single day.” 

“I…I will…I’ll return to my real self…and face what I’ve done.” 

Kitty Ann and Kamoshida both faded into nothingness. 

“What…what happened?” Skull asked. 

“We did it,” Mona said. “We defeated Kamoshida without killing him. Once the treasure is
out, his desires will be gone, but he won’t have a mental shutdown.” 

The ground shifted beneath them. 

“Is that the castle falling?” Panther asked. 

“No, we didn’t do enough damage,” Joker said. “The palace is collapsing, right?” 

“Yup,” Mona said in the middle of cleaning his paw. “We should get out of here.” 



They ran for the stairs. The palace shook again, this time stairs falling apart as they were
rushing down them. 

“Oh shit, this is bad!” Skull yelled. “Come on leg, keep it going…” 

“Elevator!” Joker called out. The team leapt down the next stairwell and into the tower floor
where the elevator was located. They pushed their way onto it, trying to work the
mechanism. 

“It’s broken!” Panther cried. 

“Then everyone hold on,” Nanako said. “Izanagi!” 

Izanagi cut the support cable on the elevator. 

They shot down at a frightening rate and they were definitely rattled by the time it came to a
crashing halt. Joker, Mona, and Panther cast healing spells all around, getting themselves
back to their feet. While they did so, Nanako smelled smoke.

“Uh oh…looks like our inferno was a little too good,” Nanako said. At the end of the hallway
the central hall had turned into a furnace. The floor had turned into hot coals, the smoke was
thick and dark, and Nanako could feel the heat from here. 

The palace shook again. Bricks and timber fell all around them, forcing them to leap ahead of
the elevator and into the hallway. 

“This is crazy! We’re gonna die!” Skull yelled. 

“I have an idea,” Nanako said, flipping through the Compendium. “But it’s kinda stupid.” 

“It’s all we have,” Joker said. “I’ll follow your lead.” 

“Everyone get real close together and run with me. Try not to panic!” 

They did. They ran straight for the central hall, even as the world was collapsing behind
them.

“Get ready to jump!” Nanako ordered. She summoned up a card. “Forneus!” 

“Silky!” Joker added.

“Bufu!” they both said at once.

 They leapt through the hole just as both Personas encased the team in ice. A solid lump of
ice landed on the ground and skid forward towards the door, melting the whole way. By the
time they got to the door, it was a steaming, sloshy mess. 

They pushed through the front entrance and into the white void ahead of them. 



Chapter 110: 4/27 - After School
Chapter Summary

Yawn.

“I can’t believe…that ice thing…worked…” Ryuji gasped. 

“Neither can I…” Nanako said.

“What!? But it was your idea!” 

“Just a hunch, really,” Nanako admitted. Ryuji made a hilarious shocked face that had the rest
of the team laughing in the tiny alley in front of the school.

“What about the treasure? Do we still have it?” Ann asked. 

Ren pulled out a shining lump of gold from his pocket.

“A gold medal…the source of his cognition. Should’ve known,” Morgana said. 

“Hang on, is that really his medal?” Ryuji asked.

“No, it’s just a copy. The real medal is still in his possession..but the gold looks real enough.
We should sell it,” Morgana said. 

Nanako removed her big bro’s glasses from her face and yawned. 

“I’m really wiped out…” 

“Me too,” Ann said. “When will the change of heart happen?” 

“We’ll just have to wait,” Morgana said. “I’m sorry, Lady Ann. I don’t know.” 

“It’ll be fine,” Ren said. “He’ll change, and he won’t have a shut down. I’m sure of it.” 

Everyone yawned and trudged off to the train station. 



Chapter 111: 4/28 - Afternoon
Chapter Summary

Chie does paperwork.

Chie had this bad habit from school of twirling her hair with her left hand. 

She would just find a piece of it dangling by her ear and twist it mindlessly while she worked
at whatever inane assignment the teacher had confronted her with. When she was in
elementary school, she tangled it so badly that her mom had to cut it - which is what had
inspired her short hair cut to begin with. In middle and high school she worked hard to try
and break that habit, because every once in a while she would accidentally break off a piece
of the hair, leaving everything uneven and awkward. 

But there she was, 26 years old, sitting at her officer’s desk, twirling her hair while she went
over more pointless data from the mental shutdown cases. 

“Hey, Satonaka,” a voice called. Chie had been staring blankly at the desk for a while, her
concentration having finally fizzled out, so the voice startled her. Chie snapped to her feet,
snapped to attention, and snapped herself around. Akihiko stood there, looking every bit as
refined and gorgeous as he always did. He wore a cream colored suit, red shirt, and black tie,
and still had an aura of authority around him. 

“Lieutenant Sanada, sorry sir, I was…concentrating,” Chie said, trying not to blush. 

“At ease, officer, this isn’t the military. Can I talk to you in my office a moment?” 

“Oh, uh, sure, right away.” 

He led her through the cubicles and over to an office. It had a big window that overlooked the
central section of the law administration buildings and had a clear view over to the
prosecutor’s office. He sat down and offered her a seat across from him, which she took. 

“Listen, I know technically I’m not in command of you since you’re on that special
assignment, but I’m hoping you can do me a favor,” Akihiko said.

“Yes, sure, of course, no problem!” Chie said, beaming. Maybe she should try and take the
eagerness down a notch…

“Well, don’t jump in before you know what it is…I found this report from the 16th. You
wrote it, right? The intake report for the incident at Shujin Academy?” 

Chie frowned, confused. “Uh, yeah, that was me.” 



“And you did the follow up interviews on the 22nd?” he asked, holding up another report. 

“Oh, yes, that’s true, I did that too…is there something wrong with them?” 

“Oh no, nothing at all. The thing is, something happened this morning at Shujin Academy.
One of the teachers there entered a school assembly and began confessing crimes to the entire
student body,” Akihiko explained. 

“You mean…Kamoshida?” 

“That’s right. How’d you know?” 

Chie hesitated. “I uh…well, the clues sorta pointed me in that direction. And uh, Detective
Shirogane was with me, and she had some suspicions…” 

“Mm, good. Well, in any case, I was asked to go do his follow up interview, but I’m tied up
with other things. Since you were already familiar with the background of the case and
you’ve met the subject before, would you mind doing it for me?” 

“Ah, are you sure you want me?”

“Why wouldn’t I?” Akihiko asked.

“I’m just an officer, that’s all.” 

“You’re just an officer for now. But I think you’re going to surprise a lot of people,
eventually, Satonaka. So, will you do this favor for me? I’ll owe you one.” 

“Yes, of course I will. But won’t your superiors get mad?” 

“They…might. But what I’m working on is important.” 

“Is it something I can know?” Chie asked. 

“Why?” 

“Curious, I guess,” Chie said. She actually wasn’t sure why, herself. Was she just being nosy?
Did she just want to talk to Akihiko some more? 

“Well…I suppose you should know since you’re the one doing the favor. But you have to
keep it to yourself,” he said. 

“Your secret’s safe with me.” 

“I’m going after Kaneshiro.” 

This surprised Chie in one sense, but didn’t surprise her in another. Of course Akihiko would
go after Kaneshiro, he was one of the slipperiest criminals in Shibuya. It didn’t surprise her
that he would be willing to take the challenge. But it was surprising to hear because so many
had tried before and failed. He was starting to become one of those criminal fixtures - a



person who would always be there, could never be removed and never replaced. When he
retired or died, he would be one of those criminals that left a dangerous power vacuum. 

“Well, if anyone can do it, it’s you,” Chie said.

“I appreciate the confidence. But it’s very important you don’t tell anyone. I’m not officially
on the case.” 

“Huh? You’re not? Then why are you doing it?” 

“Because I think Kaneshiro has police contacts. It’s the only thing that makes sense, why else
would he be one step ahead all the time? But I have no idea how high those contacts go. So
even asking the chief or the commissioner might be a tip off for Kaneshiro. I have to do it
alone, without anyone else knowing what I’m doing.” 

“But…you’re telling me,” Chie pointed out.

“Yeah, I am. And that’s dumb. But if he finds out, I’ll know it was because of you, because
you’re the only one I’ve told,” he said, smiling. “Sorry, maybe I shouldn’t have put that much
pressure on you. I guess I just had to tell someone.” 

“I can handle the pressure. And Kamoshida.” 

“Thanks, Satonaka.” 

“Um…do you mind if…”

“I’m sure Shirogane is already on her way to the interrogation room. There isn’t really
stopping her if she wants something.” 

“That’s very true, “Chie said. 



Chapter 112: 4/28 - After School
Chapter Summary

Nanako goes to the roof.

The four students and cat stood on the roof, staring at each other.

“We…we did it…” Nanako said, astonished. 

“Did you see that? That was insane,” Ryuji said. “I mean he just…confessed to everything…
he practically ran to get into the police car…” 

“Your guidance was perfect, Morgana,” Ren said. “We owe you a lot.” 

“Aww…well, I had some pretty good students,” Morgana said. 

“Kawakami even told us that the talk of us being expelled is being thrown out completely,”
Ryuji said, grinning broadly. “Gave that bastard justice and saved ourselves by the skin of our
teeth!” 

Ann took a step away from the group. Everyone stopped to watch her as she slowly walked to
the edge of the roof, right against the fence. She stood right where Shiho had climbed to do
her fateful jump. 

Ann bent over in on herself, looking as if she might cry. Nanako took a step to comfort her,
but then suddenly Ann released herself from the ball, jumping high in the air and pumping
her fist.

“We did it, Shiho!” she yelled as loudly as she could. When she turned around, Ann had a
huge smile on her face, but tears streaming down her cheeks. “We really did it!” 

“We couldn’t have done it without you,” Nanako said.

“None of this was possible without all of us,” Ren corrected. 

“Then let’s celebrate, yeah?” Ryuji declared. “I looked up that gold medal online last night,
it’s worth 30,000 yen!” 

“Hey, don’t you owe me money from middle school….” Ann said.

“Shut up, I do not. And if I do, it’s definitely not 30,000 yen’s worth.” 

“We could split it up evenly 5 ways,” Nanako pointed out.



“Orrrr, we can blow it all on food! It’s dirty money anyway, right?” Ryuji said. 

“Discussions amongst phantom thieves must be done with luxurious food,” Morgana added. 

“Well, if we’re going to eat, I guess I’m okay with that…but I want to pick the place,” Ann
said. 

“Fine by me, just as long as its good and has meat,” Ryuji said. 

“You okay with this?” Nanako asked Ren. 

“I want sushi,” he said.

“Yes! Sushi! Salmon roe…” Morgana said, practically drooling. 

“All right! Well, this is the perfect time for it. Let’s go tomorrow! It’s Golden Week, after all,
we have all this time off.” 

“…I’m actually going home. To Inaba.” Nanako said.

Everyone turned to stare at her, wide-eyed.

“Not forever! Just to visit! My parents planned for me to go back during Golden Week even
before I got here. I’ll be back the evening before the last day, though. Can we do it then?” 

“Children’s Day, huh? All right, it’s a plan,” Ryuji said. 

“Leave it to us to sell the medal,” Morgana said. “We have the perfect place for it.” 

Ryuji handed Ren the medal. 

“Okay, I’m gonna go tell Shiho everything. I’ll talk to you guys later,” Ann said. “Thank you
all for everything…” 

She stopped, gave a very formal bow, then rushed out the door. 

“I’m wiped out. I’m heading home too. Thanks guys.” 

Ren and Nanako were alone on the roof. 

“I-“ 

“He-” 

They both laughed.

“Go ahead,” Ren said.

“No, you can go first,” Nanako said. 

“Well, I was just going to say-” 



Pi pi pi. Ren’s phone. He frowned and fished it out of his pocket, then widened his eyes.
Morgana poked out of his spot on the bag and perched on his shoulder.

“Hey, you didn’t forget that was today, did you?” he asked.

“Crap,” Ren mumbled. “She’s gonna kill me. Literally this time. Sorry Nanako, I gotta go.” 

He turned and rushed off the roof. 

Nanako waited a moment. She walked over to the flower beds and checked the plants. She
walked to the edge of the roof and looked out at the world below.

She felt…unsettled, somehow. 

She thought she would feel accomplished once it was all over. She had unlocked an amazing
power. She made friends. She righted wrongs. Justice was served. And she even managed to
confront her own past a bit. 

So…why did this just feel like the beginning? 

Why did she crave to do it all again? 

She reached into her bag and pulled out a yellow scarf. It was the scarf from her old
Yasogami High uniform. It was the only part she had left. 

When she got home yesterday, Nanako realized that her uniform had taken a major beating in
the battle. There was a very large singed hole in her skirt and the top was perforated with
dozens of tiny little holes. There was no way it was going to survive another adventure, so
she threw it out.

Except for the scarf. 

She walked over to the fence, right by where Ann had just stood, where Suzui had jumped.

She tied the scarf to the fence. 

Then she went home. 



Chapter 113: 4/28 - Evening
Chapter Summary

Naoto thinks.

Chie had never done anything stranger in her whole career. 

Naoto had described Kamoshida as clever and dangerous the last time they interviewed him.
And yet it seemed like a completely different man had shown up in the interrogation room.
No easy smiles, no laughs, no aura of ego and charisma. Just bitter remorse. 

He cried. A lot. He must have gone through three boxes of tissues and drank a gallon of water
to keep himself hydrated. He also went through three defense attorneys in the hours it took to
get the questioning done - the first was his personal attorney who became so distraught at
Kamoshida’s compulsive confessions that he recused himself from the case. The second was
an attorney that the Shujin Academy Principal brought, but he too gave up during the fourth
hour of interrogation. The third lawyer was a public defender who had no choice but to sit
there and patiently listen to Kamoshida list out crime after crime. 

At hour six, Chie told him to stop. He was starting to get into crimes that were past their
statute of limitations, and quite honestly, he had confessed enough to be put away for a long
while. 

“Thank you for your cooperation, Kamoshida-san,” Chie said at the end of it all. “We’ll be
taking you to holding until the judge has a chance to review your case.” 

“Yes, of course…thank you, Officer Satonaka, for being kind and patient with me.” 

Chie didn’t know what to say to that, so she simply nodded, folded her notebook shut, and
left the interrogation room. Naoto followed her.

Naoto hadn’t said a word the entire time. 

“Gee, thanks for helping me ask some questions in there, I think I’m going to lose my voice
over this…” Chie grumbled.

“Not yet,” Naoto said. Chie sighed and resigned herself to being quiet. She followed Naoto to
the parking garage, into her fine car, and waited until she pulled into the busy Tokyo traffic.

“Are you taking me for a beef bowl? Because I’m starving and you owe me,” Chie said. 

“I’ve never seen anything quite like that before,” Naoto said, ignoring Chie’s complaints.
“It’s as if he grew a conscience overnight. Not only does his remorse seem to be genuine, it



seems to be unflinchingly so. He spoke with brutal honesty about everything he did, without
one attempt to cover up, spin, or polish his actions.” 

“I mean, we don’t really know that until we verify the facts,” Chie pointed out.

“True, but I think there’s enough from the incident with Shiho Suzui alone to verify that he’s
a changed man. Plus there’s…just something about him that’s different. Something I just…
sense.” 

“That’s unlike you,” Chie said. 

“Is it, though…?” 

Chie frowned. She had thought that by now, spending as much time with Naoto as she did,
she would learn to follow her thoughts a little better. But the detective was still a constant
engima to Chie. 

“You think it’s connected, don’t you?” Chie asked. “The mental shutdowns. The psychotic
breakdowns. This Kamoshida thing.” 

“Stolen heart,” Naoto said. 

“A what now?” 

“Look in my bag.” 

Chie did so. She pulled out a black and red card.

“What is this face supposed to be? A raccoon?” 

“Read the back,” Naoto said. Chie did so.

“The Phantom Thieves of Heart? Is this real?” 

“It was found at the school yesterday morning. As you can see, it specifically calls out
Kamoshida. And then a day later…well, you saw him.” 

Chie put the calling card back in Naoto’s attache case. “So what is this? Blackmail?”

“Possible,” Naoto said.

Chie took a deep breath. She had thought about this for a while, and she pretty much knew
where Naoto was going with this. But for some reason, it frightened Chie. She didn’t want to
admit it. Or perhaps, she didn’t want Naoto to admit it - because if that’s what she believed,
then it was more than likely true. 

“You think this is all connected to the Midnight Channel,” Chie said. 

“There are similarities, you have to admit,” Naoto said. “People died in Inaba from being
placed in that world. And now we have a mysterious set of people who have breakdowns or



shutdowns. Each victim is unconnected to each other, the circumstances are never the same.
There’s nothing linking them medically, socially, even geographically. And yet, when you
look at the big picture, there’s definitely a pattern emerging of who benefits from these
events.” 

“But we looked for the Midnight Channel,” Chie said. “Two years ago. We all did. Here,
Tokyo, and even in the US where Rise was. No matter how many times we try and find it
again, it’s just gone. It’s been gone for ten years.” 

“And Teddie’s been gone for two,” Naoto pointed out. 

“You still think he can activate it? And that’s why he’s been missing?” 

“I wish I knew. I hate these loose conjectures. They’re nothing but logical theories.” 

Chie looked out the window and watched as they crawled through traffic. 

“The calling card is new,” Chie said. 

“Yes. I don’t think these Phantom Thieves are the same as whoever is causing the other
issues. But I think they use the same methods. And I think it has to do with the Midnight
Channel.” 

“So what do we do from here? Do we keep trying to find whoever’s behind the shutdowns?
Or do we find these Phantom Thieves?” 

“I don’t know…” Naoto said. “I need to have a meeting. Then I think we’ll have a better
idea. But for now, let’s get beef bowls.”

“Wait, seriously!? Don’t joke about this, Naoto-kun! I’ll eat your hat if you try to fake me
out!” 

Naoto cracked a smile. 

“Don’t worry, Lady Carnivore. You’ll get your fill.” 



Chapter 114: 4/28 - Evening
Chapter Summary

Nanako makes a phone call.

“Are you all packed up?” Rise asked, poking her head through the door. 

“Yeah, pretty much. Just need clothes, really,” Nanako said. 

“I’m sorry you’re going back already! I just got here, I wanted to take you all through
Tokyo!” 

“There’ll be lots of time when I get back,” Nanako said. “I think my dad really wants me
home, though.”

“Yeah, I get it. Dads are like that,” Rise said with a wink. “Well come eat whenever you’re
ready.” 

“I will, thanks.” 

Rise disappeared. Nanako pulled out her phone.

NANAKO: Hey, did you make it to…wherever you were going? 

REN: Yes. And somehow I survived, too. 

REN: Don’t ask. 

NANAKO: If you insist.

NANAKO: Hey, is there anything you want me to do for you when I’m Inaba?

NANAKO: Say hi to someone?

NANAKO: Buy some Marukyu Tofu? 

REN: No, thanks. I’m fine. 

Nanako frowned and looked at the response. Was he fine? Or was he jealous of her ability to
go back to Inaba whenever she wanted? 

NANAKO: I’m sorry I’m leaving you here. 

REN: Really’s okay.

REN: Let’s be honest, Sojiro is going to make me work most of the break anyway. I’ll have
lots to do. 

REN: Ryuji and Mona will keep me sane. 

Nanako dialed. Ren laughed.

“Why are you calling me?” 



“I just had a question,” Nanako said. “How are you feeling about…you know, all of it.” 

“Accomplished. Why?” 

“I dunno. I feel…unsettled.”

“Ah. Yeah, I do too.” 

“Why?” 

“Why do we feel unsettled?” Ren asked. “Was that rhetorical or do you want to hear my
guess?” 

“Tell me,” Nanako said. 

“We want more. We like the thrill of it. We like the justice of it. It was like Okura’s phone
back in Inaba, except times a thousand.” 

“Yes. Yes, that’s exactly it,” Nanako said, satisfied that he’d been able to put into words what
she couldn’t. “But we can’t keep living like that. Eventually we’ll get caught. Or killed.
Chasing the next high is never the way to live life.” 

“But pursuing a goal is,” Ren said. “What’s honestly wrong with what we did? And what
would be wrong about doing it again?” 

“You mean, find someone else’s heart to change?” 

“There’s plenty of corrupt people in the world.” 

“I suppose…what about the others?” 

“They can do what they want,” Ren said. “But I’m going to keep going. Besides, I made a
deal with Mona, I can’t back out on him now.” 

“Oh, so blame Mona now,” Nanako said with a smile.

“Nanako. Come with me.” 

Nanako felt her cheeks flush and her heart pound

“Yes. Of course.” 

“Thanks,” Ren said. Nanako could hear the smile in his voice. “I better go.” 

“Yeah, me too. Good night.” 

“Have a safe trip,” Ren said.

They hung up. 

Nanako sighed and went to eat dinner. 



=====

SOCIAL LINK RANK UP

The Lovers: Ren Amamiya 

Level 3



Chapter 115: END PART 2
Chapter Summary

Research Log.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

SUPPLEMENTAL RESEARCH JOURNAL 0127

DR. WAKABA ISHIKI 
CLASSIFIED CLEARANCE REQUIRED

ENTRY: January 7, 2019 

It has been nearly a month since we acquired Subject B, and it is both wonderful and terrible.
Wonderful, because the insights Subject B has given me has completely turned my research
on its head. Terrible, because the insights Subject B has given me has completely turned my
research on its head! 

Everything I’ve uncovered about Psiberspace seems to be the shallows of a much deeper pool
of potential. Even the most casual reference Subject B makes has revealed complexities I
would not have even considered before. Though Subject B’s manner of speaking is somewhat
roundabout and overtly emotional, I find myself becoming more used to it as the days wear
on. It is certainly clear that the more of it I can tolerate, the more information I can garner. 

Subject B’s understanding of Psiberspace seems to be entirely innate. It’s as if he was born
with it, and that the facts about its function and purpose are common sense. Deliberate
questioning seems to only confuse Subject B, because he is not accessing information as if it
was acquired or trained into him - he reveals things as stray thoughts that he has. It seems to
be the best way to get information from Subject B is to let him tell stories. 

My overseer is unhappy with this, as he feels that Subject B is inane and wasting my time.
This only makes me like Subject B more, since it has resulted in my overseer spending a lot
more time elsewhere. 

I wish he’d just give up altogether and let me do my work. 

In any case, in the short amount of time I’ve had with Subject B, I’ve developed a new theory
on how Psiberspace might be used by theoretical psientists. In all of my previous models of
entering the subconscious world of another being, it was through transferring the
consciousness, whether through electrical means or by some other metaphysical method I
have not yet discovered. However, Subject B has told multiple stories of human beings
entering into Psiberspace with their actual bodies. 



I never once considered this. After all, why would physical matter be able to interact with a
world that is neither dream nor reality? Surely a universe constructed from the mind must
only be entered by the mind. And yet, Subject B is insistent that he and his compatriots were
able to enter their entire physical forms into Psiberspace. 

Subject B has also insisted that this is related to the 2011 serial killings in the small town of
Inaba. I have another researcher working on gathering that information. 

I have begun creating new models on how the physical body might enter the mind of another
being. Most are still in their earliest phases, but I am confident that with enough time, and
with the help of Subject B, I will be able to solve this puzzle. 

END LOG

Addendum 1: One hour after completing the previous log, it occurred to me that Subject B’s
explanation of physical bodies entering Psiberspace might explain the strange contradictions
I read in the data taken from the Kirijo Group - in particular the piecemeal data we’ve
gathered from a 2009 incident that has been codenamed TARTARUS. 

I really need that data. I know how to get it, but…if I cross that line…

Addendum 2: Subject B once made mention of a little girl that he was close friends with,
which spurred me into bringing Futaba to meet Subject B. They get along well, much to my
surprise. In our discussions, Futaba declared that Psiberspace sounded too much like
Cyberspace, and that if I didn’t want to spend my whole life explaining the spelling, I should
pick another name. She suggested “Metaverse.” 

It does have a certain ring to it…

END LOG 

Chapter End Notes

Thanks everyone for reading along so far!

Btw, if you like my stuff I do MORE stuff, like write books and do a podcast. Check it
out at silzeromedia.com



Chapter 116: 4/29 - Morning
Chapter Summary

Train.

Nanako rolled her luggage in one hand and balanced her purse on her arm while trying to
navigate the Tokyo foot traffic. She dodged in and out of people rushing to catch the fuller-
than-usual commuter trains. There were lots of families, Nanako noticed, probably all
heading out for Golden Week vacations. 

Pi pi pi. 

She knew it was a bad idea, but she grabbed her phone and tried to read messages while she
walked. 

RYUJI: Did you see the news? Kamoshida is all over it! They even mentioned the Phantom
Thieves. How cool is that!? 

NANAKO: They actually mentioned it? Did they show your terrible picture? 

RYUJI: Har har.

REN: I thought it was funny.

RYUJI: Come on man, don’t always take her side! 

RYUJI: Anyway, we’re famous! Man, if the girls could only see me now…

REN: Morgana wants to remind you not to tell anyone your identity.

RYUJI: I’m not that dumb!

Nanako laughed, then stopped looking at her phone long enough to find her platform and
give the attendant her ticket. She slid herself onto the train and plopped into one of the
booths  at the side where four seats were situated to face each other. She set her luggage on
the seat next to her and went back to her phone. 

ANN: We probably gave people courage, huh? 

RYUJI: Eh? Why do you say that? 

ANN: I saw the same news program, and the students said they were too scared to do
anything about Kamoshida…and there was that one girl who said she was happy she could
go to school without being worried about getting harassed. 

REN: We changed a lot of lives.

NANAKO: Hey, my train is about to depart. I’ll text you guys when I get there! 

RYUJI: Oh right, I forgot you were leaving.

ANN: Have fun!

“Excuse me, do you mind if I sit here?” 



Nanako looked up. Standing in front of her was a boy about her age. He had brown hair that
fell beautifully around his face and to the base of his neck. He wore a blue patterned sweater
vest, khaki pants, and was holding a metal briefcase in one hand and a large backpack in the
other. 

He was pretty cute, if Nanako was being honest. 

“I’m sorry if I’m intruding. I just prefer to sit next to the window. I can get a little queasy on
a train.” 

“Please, go right ahead,” Nanako said, gesturing to the open seats across from her.

“Thank you,” he said with a stunning smile. He set his briefcase and backpack down. “Do
you mind me asking where you’re headed?” 

“Inaba,” Nanako said. “Yourself?” 

“Okina City…Inaba is a bit of a small town, isn’t it?” 

“Yes, it’s my hometown. I’m going home for a few days for Golden Week to visit my
parents.” 

“Ah, that sounds lovely. Does that mean you’re a university student?” 

Nanako laughed. And blushed. Why was she blushing? That was stupid. But did he really
think she looked like an older university student? 

“No, just high school. I go to Shujin Academy,” Nanako said. 

“Oh! Well I hope you’re not heading home for any negative reasons…” 

“No? Why would you say that?” 

“My apologies, I jumped to conclusions. It’s just that I saw the news this morning about the
PE teacher…Kamoshida, was it?” 

“Oh, yeah, that. I’m new, so I didn’t have any contact with him.” 

“I’m glad to hear it. I’m sure your family will be, too,” the boy said.

“I’m Nanako, by the way. Nanako Dojima.” 

“It’s nice to meet you, Dojima-san. My name is Akechi.” 

The conductor announced that the train was departing. Nanako and Akechi lurched, then
settled back into their seats as the train picked up speed for its journey to the countryside. 

“Are you going to visit family as well, Akechi-kun?” 

“No, no, nothing like that, unfortunately. I’m actually on my way to do a bit of research for
my job.” 



“Oh, I’m sorry, I thought you were also a high school student,” Nanako said. “Though I’m
not sure why I assumed that…” 

Akechi laughed. “No, no, you were correct in that deduction. I am a high school student, but I
also work part time as…well, you may find this a little hard to believe, but I’m actually a
detective.” 

The word detective unlocked something in Nanako’s subconscious. 

It was that same feeling, the one that Naoto kept hinting at. That “Dojima Talent” or
“Detective’s Intuition” or whatever she wanted to call it. Something about this situation was
suddenly putting Nanako on guard. 

But why? 

Because it was too coincidental for a detective to be sitting across from her when she had just
committed a crime? 

Or was that just paranoia and guilt talking? 

She didn’t have time to be analyzing her own feelings, so instead she focused on the facts. 

“Akechi…oh, you’re that Akechi! I’ve seen you on TV,” Nanako said, legitimately excited. 

“Haha, I guess I couldn’t hide it for long, could I? I suppose I should’ve lied about my job…
but lying doesn’t sit very well with me.” 

“Sorry, I didn’t mean to make such a big deal out of it,” Nanako said. “I can be very un-
impressed, if you prefer.” 

“I would prefer that you just do what makes you comfortable,” Akechi said.

“Even if it meant I turned into a raving fangirl?” 

“If you must,” Akechi said with a slight sigh. Nanako laughed.

“Don’t worry, Detective Prince. It’s not like-” 

She stopped herself. 

She was about to say ‘it’s not like she hadn’t met a Detective Prince before.’ But something
was warning her not to. 

“It’s not like you’re actual royalty,” Nanako finished. Akechi laughed. 

“It’s nice to be able to talk to someone my own age in a regular fashion. Or at least, I think
this is a regular fashion. I’ve had somewhat of an irregular life.” 

“You must like it, though,” Nanako pointed out. “Otherwise you wouldn’t keep doing it,
would you?” 



“Mm, I suppose there’s some truth to that. Though to be candid, I started doing this
somewhat out of necessity. My mother died a long time ago, and I’ve never known my father.
I’ve lived in and out of foster homes for most of my life. So society doesn’t expect much out
of me, unless I can prove my worth. I just happen to enjoy solving puzzles, and crimes are
the ultimate puzzle.” 

Akechi suddenly looked stricken. 

“Not to say that I think of it as a game! I care very much about those who are victimized and
bringing the criminals to justice! I just…what I meant was…” 

“I understand,” Nanako said. “My dad has said similar things, too.” 

Nanako realized what she just tipped off and mentally kicked herself. But it was too late to
un-say it. She instead looked out the window.

“Your father is a detective?” he asked. 

“Oh, uh, yeah. Inaba police. Though he doesn’t do important cases like you do. His are small.
Stolen moped. Graffiti on the school. That sort of stuff,” Nanako said.

“I’m sure you’re just being modest. Perhaps I should interview him. He might be able to
teach me a great deal,” Akechi said. 

“No way,” Nanako said with a laugh. “Nothing against you, Akechi-kun. I just know my dad
and he’d never go for that.” 

“Not even if you put in a good word?” Akechi said, turning on his charm. He didn’t have the
same mega-watt charm that Rise had, but there was a subtle aura about him that made him
just that much more likable. 

“Not even then, I’m afraid,” Nanako said. “Are you on your way to interview a detective
now?” 

“Ah, indeed I am. That was a good deduction. Perhaps you inherited some of your father’s
skill. Or is your mother the perceptive one?” 

“You know, I’m not sure. My mother died when I was really young.” 

“Oh. My apologies and condolences,” he said.

“It’s fine, as I said, it was a long time ago. My dad is remarried, I have a new mom now. I’m
doing just fine.” 

“I’m glad to hear that,” Akechi said.

The conversation paused as another announcement came over the train speaker. It gave
Nanako a moment to think. 



Maybe she was overthinking Akechi. Why would he be pursuing her? The case had just
broken yesterday. Even if anyone took those calling cards seriously - and she wasn’t sure
anyone would, given their quality - how would anyone ever figure out what they did? The
Metaverse, Personas, shadows, stealing hearts…no detective could ever put all that together. 

“Say, Akechi,” Nanako said. “Do you suppose you could…teach me?” 

“Teach you? You mean, how to be a detective?” 

“Ah, well, maybe not to that degree. I know you must be very busy. But what I mean is,
maybe just how to be a bit more perceptive or a bit more clever?” 

“I tend to think you’re being a bit modest right now. I doubt you need my help.” 

“Ah, well…maybe you’re right. I don’t need help with that. I was just awkwardly trying to
find a way to be your friend.” 

“My friend?” Akechi looked genuinely shocked. “…But why?” 

Nanako looked confused. “Because…?” 

“Huh. You genuinely have no ulterior motive, do you? You’re just a nice person. That’s rarer
than you might think, these days.” 

“Sorry, am I being too forward?” 

“Not at all. I’m afraid I might not have understood your intentions if you weren’t. Very well,
Dojima-san, you are now my friend.” 

They laughed and chatted the rest of the trip to Okina City. 

=====

SOCIAL LINK RANK UP

The Jester: Akechi

Level 1



Chapter 117: 4/29 - Afternoon
Chapter Summary

Lunch

Nanako thought it was strange how similar but different Inaba was. 

She’d only been gone a month. It wasn’t as if anything drastic had really happened. Mom had
moved the table over a little in the living room now that Nanako didn’t need to spread her
books out so much, but that was about it. The streets, the smells, the sounds, everything was
as she had always known it.

And yet it felt different, somehow. 

It was slower, that much she knew. It was both odd and reassuring. She was surprised she had
gotten used to the speed of Tokyo so quickly and how noticeable the slow pace of Inaba was.
But it wasn’t the same as some people she’d heard from the city describe it - like when
Yosuke first moved to Inaba and he thought he had been exiled to the furthest reaches of
civilization. It was more like that she could appreciate the slowness of Inaba whereas before
it was the only thing she had ever known. 

Her world had expanded, she realized, and she had a different perspective because of it. Inaba
had been “reality” for so long, and now it was just a version of how a person could live. 

A change in cognition. 

What hadn’t changed was that mom was still the best cook she knew, and she sat comfortably
with her at the table eating their lunch and watching TV. Mom hadn’t bombarded Nanako
with a ton of questions just yet, though Nanako could tell she was dying to ask some. Maybe
she’d open up first and start talking. It would probably help prevent her from saying
something she shouldn’t, too. 

Before they finished eating, though, the front door burst open. 

“Dad!” Nanako shot up to her feet. He didn’t rush to hug her though, instead reaching down
for the TV remote and switching the channel to a news station. 

“Investigators are looking into a long list of possible crimes committed by Kamoshida over
his career in education at Shujin Academy. Investigators are also reaching out to any alumni
of the school who may have been a victim or known of victims, as they work to corroborate
the long and detailed confession Kamoshida-san gave last night.” 



“That’s your school, isn’t it?” Dad said. “That’s the same volleyball coach that you were
going to join, right? The one that you said wasn’t a good fit?” 

“Yes,” Nanako said.

“Is…that why it wasn’t a good fit?” 

“No! No, nothing happened at all, Dad, I promise!” Nanako said. She watched as the terror
and rage that was lurking at the back of his eyes turn to relief. 

“You’re sure? Because if it did, nothing was your fault. It would be that bastard who would
have to pay for it.”

“I quit before anything happened,” Nanako said. “Though I think he was grooming me. He
tried really hard to get me to come back. But I’m not that good at volleyball. And honestly, I
just had an off feeling about him. You always told me to trust those sorts of feelings, so I
did.” 

Dad took a deep breath. Nanako knew that if she added something about dad’s training
saving her that he’d relax a little. 

“Right…good. I’m proud of you, Nanako, you did the right thing. And I’m sorry for rushing
in like this.” 

“It’s all right,” Nanako said, and meant it. He did it because he loved her so much - how
could she get angry about that? She walked over and hugged him tight. 

“Ah, I missed you,” Dad said.

“I missed you too.” 

“Ahem. Dear. Your shoes?” Mom said.

“Right, sorry. Let me do this properly. Is there any lunch left?”

“Lots,” Nanako said. “Mom went all out.” 

“I didn’t know what Nanako would want to eat so I made a little of everything,” Mom said
with a blush. 

They sat down to eat a family meal. 






Chapter 118: 4/29 - Evening
Chapter Summary

Heartbreak, heartbreak.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

“You ought to be careful coming in here so often. You’re too handsome. You might get drawn
into a different world,” Lala-chan said, leaning on the edge of her bar. Yu sipped his beer.

“You mean the world of cross-dressing? I did that once.” 

“You did? Do tell.” 

“It was for a high school cross-dressing beauty pageant…I’m not sure the intentions were all
good, but me and my friends gave it our all.” 

“Did you win?” 

“No,” Yu said with a sigh. “But I was very hot…” 

“Well if you ever want to give it another go, you just let me know, honey.” 

Both Lala-chan and Yu looked up at the door as the tiny bell rang. 

“Well, well. Here comes trouble,” Lala-chan whispered.

“You don’t know the half of it,” Yu said. “You mind if we use the booth?”

“Be my guest. But be careful with her, she looks dangerous.” 

“Again, you don’t know the half of it,” Yu said with a grin. He picked up his drink as well as
the martini and stood up, motioning to the booth in the corner. He sat down and set the drinks
on the table. 

Naoto sat down across from him. 

“This is an interesting place…” Naoto remarked. 

“I like it,” Yu said with a shrug. “You’ll have to tell me how their martinis are.” 

“No thank you,” Naoto said.



“You look like you could use a drink, Naoto,” Yu said, pushing the martini just a tiny bit
closer. “It’s the way you like it.” 

“Don’t do that.” 

“Do what?”

“Don’t…try to take care of me.” Naoto said, folding her arms and looking to the side. 

“You’re my friend,” Yu said. 

“It’s more complicated than that and you know it.” 

Yu wanted to sigh, but didn’t. Instead he took a sip of his beer and took a moment to collect
his thoughts. 

“If you were going to be so combative, why did you agree to meet me here?” 

“Because this is important. I thought I could just….put it all away and be professional. But if
you’re ordering me drinks…” 

“That’s professional, in my world.” 

“A fair point,” Naoto said. She slowly unfolded her arms and let her emotions settle back
down. She took a sip. “Hmm…this is quite good.” 

“I’ll give your compliments to Lala-chan,” Yu said. 

They both drank in silence for a few moments, trying to let the tension dissolve. 

“You read my plan then, if you’re here,” Yu started.

“I did. It’s bold,” Naoto remarked.

“So you like it?”

“I didn’t say that,” Naoto said, allowing a sly grin onto her face as she sipped her martini. “I
just said it was bold. All of your plans are. But bold isn’t always the best approach.” 

“What’s wrong with it?” 

“Well, for starters, you don’t know if he’s going to agree to it.” 

“He already has,” Yu said, cutting her off. Naoto sighed.

“Of course he has.” 

“What do you mean by that?” 

“I just mean that of course he would, you asked him. He would follow you into hell and back,
you know that. We all would. But maybe you shouldn’t have asked him yet.” 



“Because I didn’t get your permission?” 

“It’s not like that,” Naoto glowered.

“It feels like that.” 

“Ugh,” Naoto pulled her hat over her eyes. “Maybe this was a mistake. We should’ve kept
this to email or text messages. Or Chie.” 

“I think Chie is getting tired of being our messenger,” Yu said. 

“Rise, then.” 

“That seems like a terrible idea,” Yu said. 

“…You’re probably right.” 

“Naoto. I hate this. Can’t we just…talk this out?” 

“We have. Twice.” 

“Maybe we need three times.” 

“No, thank you.” 

“Then how are we supposed to work together? I can’t do this without you. Do you think you
can do it without me? Do you want to do it without me?” Yu asked, pouring as much
sincerity into his voice as he could. Naoto adjusted her cap and took a drink.

“No. I neither can do it without you, nor do I want to.” 

“Then we need to make this work. So let’s talk it out.” 

“I’m…embarrassed about talking it out again. It’s been two years. I shouldn’t be so wrapped
up in it. But I am,” Naoto admitted. 

“I’m sorry.” 

“You keep apologizing, but you never needed to. I understand why you did it.”

“Do you? I think maybe you don’t. I think that’s why you’re so charged up about it,” Yu
said. 

“Then why did you do it?” Naoto asked, her voice breaking as tears ringed in her eyes. “We
were going to get married, Yu.” 

“I know,” Yu said, his own voice breaking. “But we wouldn’t have been happy.” 

“Why not? Did you stop loving me?” 



“You stopped loving me,” Yu said. “But you wouldn’t admit it. You just…kept moving
forward. But I could tell you weren’t happy with our lives anymore. We were too entwined.
Our love life mixed with our work life. We’d argue about investigations through our
arguments about dinner, and we’d argue about our relationship through arguments about
cases. We’re just…too intense for each other. It’s like shoving too magnets together on the
same side. You can push it together all you want, but if you let go for even a second, it flies
apart. It was too exhausting for us to keep pushing that relationship together.” 

“Too exhausting for you, maybe,” Naoto said.

“Are you going to tell me that you honestly weren’t a little relieved when I broke it all off?” 

Yu knew the answer to this question because Naoto had already answered it during the other
two times they talked about their break up. 

“I was. And…you’re right. I think it needed to end. I was too afraid to end it. And that’s why
I’m upset about it.” 

“Because I was the one who broke it off and not the other way around?” 

“Because…you made me realize I could fall in love.” 

This was new to Yu. He didn’t say a word as Naoto stared at the table in contemplation. This
was hard for her, and if she was going to get it out, it would be at her own pace. 

“When I was young, I had sworn off love. It was too complicated - between my identity
issues, my family issues, my constant need to be solving cases…I also just figured it would
never happen for me. If I didn’t think about it or desire it like other girls my age, then maybe
I could just be aromantic and asexual. Just…skip the whole thing. But then you changed all
of that. You showed me not only that I was capable of love but…that I wanted it. And now…
I still want it. Not with you. That time was amazing, and I am truly grateful for our
relationship but…I think it needs to be with someone else.” 

Naoto gripped the stem of her martini glass.

“But I’m afraid. I don’t know how to find another person. I don’t know how to…date, I
suppose. I fell in love and you swept me away and we were going to get married and then it
didn’t happen. I wanted to go to my old plan, and then I found I couldn’t.” 

She looked up at him.

“I suppose that’s why I’m angry.” 

“You’ll find someone,” Yu said. “You’re too amazing not to. But in the meantime, you need
friends. You need us. Or if not us, then someone.” 

“No, I don’t think I’ll ever find friends like you guys ever again. That’s too important to me.
And…it has been nice having Chie around. She’s quite lively.” 



“And think about how much fun it’ll be when he comes to do my plan,” Yu said, grinning.
Naoto narrowed her eyes.

“You already have him coming, don’t you?” 

“Rise found him a place and I already made the few calls I needed to make. It’s a done deal.
Sorry. I figured you’d come to my way of thinking, though.” 

“You’re right, as much as it pains me to admit it. We need something bold. We’ve been
moving slow for a year now, and it’s brought about some results…but with these new
developments, we can’t afford to not take the openings we have.” 

“Glad we can agree.” 

They clinked their glasses together. 

“Any new theories you have?” Yu asked.

“Just one…but it’s a bit out there…” 

“Try it out,” Yu said. 

“Kamoshida’s most recent victims were Shiho Suzui, the girl who tried to commit suicide,
and Ann Takamaki, her best friend whom Kamoshida was trying to seduce. There were also
two boys he was putting forward to the school board for expulsion - Ren Amamiya and Ryuji
Sakamoto. According to Kamoshida’s confession, Amamiya and Sakamoto confronted him
about Suzui on the same day she jumped.” 

“So the victims knew each other?” Yu said. 

“It’s more complicated than that,” Naoto said. “When Chie and I went to go interview Suzui,
Takamaki was there, as well as another student. We interviewed that student. Then later one,
that student was seen several times hanging out with Takamaki, Sakamoto, and Amamiya.” 

“So you think that other student might be the key to something?”

“…It’s Nanako, Yu.” 

Yu sat straight up.

“Nanako?” 

“Yes. Nanako was at the hospital. Nanako has been seen with all the victims.” 

“And what do you think that means?” Yu asked. 

“I don’t know. Maybe nothing. But considering our theory about the mental shutdowns,
psychotic breakdowns, and now this change of heart all has to do with the Midnight
Channel…don’t you think Nanako’s presence could mean something?” 



Yu thought about this. Nanako had been asking a lot about her capture as a kid. She said he’d
had a dream about Namatame’s shadow. 

But that couldn’t…

“Something wrong?” Naoto asked. 

“No, it’s nothing,” Yu said, quickly following with, “I’ll keep a closer eye on her, though.” 

“Probably a good idea,” Naoto said with a nod. 

Chapter End Notes

Omg, I've been DYING to write this scene for weeks. I hope you enjoyed it.



Chapter 119: 4/29 - Evening
Chapter Summary

Sliding into DMs.

Pi pi pi. 

HARU: Hey, Nana-chan! Are you doing anything over Golden Week? 

HARU: I was wondering if you wanted to come to Destiny Land with me. 

“Nooo, seriously!?” 

NANAKO: Oh no! I’m sorry Haru-senpai, I forgot to tell you, I’m back in Inaba visiting my
family for Golden Week. 

HARU: Oh! Well that sounds nice, too. That’s all right, we can go another time. 

HARU: Enjoy your family time. 

Nanako was in her room and now groaning into her pillow. Destiny Land! She’d always
wanted to go to Destiny Land and never had a chance! Sigh. Well, she supposed it was a
good problem to have that she had a loving family that she wanted to see. 

…Still, Destiny Land! 

Pi pi pi.

ANN: How’s it going, Nanako? 

NANAKO: Great! It’s good to see my parents. 

ANN: Was the train ride super boring? 

NANAKO: Actually I met this guy on the train and we talked the whole time.

ANN: A guy? What was he like? 

Nanako found herself blushing.

NANAKO: He was quite pretty. And nice. And smart. 

ANN: Nanako~! I didn’t think that was your type. 

ANN: I figured your type was more dark and mysterious. 

ANN: Curly hair. Glasses.

ANN: You know the type.

NANAKO: Ann!

ANN: I already told you, I’m rooting for you, Nanako-chan! No competition on my end. But
if you want to go after this new guy…

NANAKO: I do not. I was just trying to enjoy the ride.

ANN: Go for it girl. Live your best life. 



Nanako laughed.

NANAKO: What about you? 

NANAKO: I mean, if you don’t want to talk about boys with me that’s okay too. No
pressure.

ANN: No, no, it’s fine. I just don’t really like anyone like that. Never had a boyfriend.

NANAKO: Really? I thought you would’ve been confessed to all the time in middle school.

ANN: Just once, actually, and it was pretty surprising. But no, mostly people just sorta ignore
me, being a hafu and all. 

NANAKO: People really care about that? Seriously? 

ANN: More than you would think…

NANAKO: More than they should! That’s so terrible!

ANN: This is why you’re great, Nanako. Don’t worry about it. I’m in a good place now. 

ANN: Oh! I forgot to tell you, Shiho regained consciousnesss! 

NANAKO: That’s amazing!

ANN: She’s still recovering and has a long way to go, but I was able to tell her that
Kamoshida was going to face justice. It was an amazing feeling. I just feel so light and fully
of joy!

NANAKO: I’m so glad you can start to move on from it.

ANN: Hm. Yeah. Maybe.

ANN: Well, have fun! 

Pipipi. 

RYUJI: Dude, have you been keeping an eye on the news!? 

RYUJI: It’s crazy! We’re everywhere!

NANAKO: Calm down, Ryuji. It’s not like we can tell anyone.

RYUJI: Ah yeah, I keep forgetting that…sucks…

NANAKO: Hey, I know it’s Golden Week, but you know we have exams coming up right?
You should be reviewing. Just a little bit a day will take you far!

RYUJI: Hell no! This is the break!

NANAKO: If you don’t review, then I’m going to make you work even harder when I get
back.

RYUJI: Yes, ma’am. 

Nanako contemplated if she should send one last text for the night. 

NANAKO: Hey. How was your day?

REN: As I predicted, full of coffee and dishwashing. 

REN: How’s Inaba?

NANAKO: The same we left it. Though it seems a little…smaller. 

REN: Huh. I wonder how I’ll feel if I ever go back.

NANAKO: You will, don’t say things like that. 

REN: Sorry, didn’t mean to bring down the mood. 

NANAKO: You sure you don’t want any Marukyu Tofu? 

REN: I hate tofu. 

NANAKO: That’s it, I’m getting you one of everything. 

REN: Sigh. By the way, we might be going into Mementos soon. Morgana wants to check



things out. Might invite Ryuji and Ann and see how they feel about it. 

NANAKO: Sorry I’m not there.

REN: I wish there was a way to get you there from here…

NANAKO: I don’t even have the app.

NANAKO: Nor would I be ready to go in anyway. I had to cover my tracks a little.

REN: Ah. Probably a good idea. 

REN: Well, good night.

Hm. If she had to rate that exchange, she’d probably put it at neutral. But it was nice that they
could converse easily and comfortably now. 

Nanako went to bed. 



Chapter 120: 4/29 - Night
Chapter Summary

Yu checks the office.

“How was it?” Rise asked. Yu shut the front door behind him.

“Fine. She went for it.” 

Rise pounced off the couch and held Yu tight in her arms.

“Mine.” 

“Yes, yes, yours. Stop worrying so much,” Yu said, kissing her forehead.

“I have to. I love you.” 

“And I love you, and Naoto doesn’t love me and I don’t love her.” 

“I know,” Rise mumbled, almost ashamed of her insecurity. She buried her face in his chest. 

“Did you eat yet?” 

“Yes, I ordered in, there’s some for you,” Rise said.

“Great. Just let me pop in the office real quick.” 

Rise reluctantly released Yu. He strode calmly to the office, flipped on the light, and shut the
door behind him.

Then he went for the chest in the corner. How many years had it been since he opened it? No,
wait, he knew exactly - two. Two years ago he popped it open, hoping something inside
might give him an answer. He lifted the lid.

Katana, check. He set that aside and dug deeper into the chest.

Compendium Personae.

Right where he left it.

He laughed and let out a breath he didn’t realize he was holding. That was stupid. Of course
Nanako wasn’t involved in any of this Phantom Thieves nonsense. He’d know. He’d have to
know. Her curiosity about her past was natural, just a part of her inquisitive nature of being a



Dojima. And of course she would find a way to hangout with the misfits, because that was
just her. Empathetic, caring, kind to the core. 

He picked it up and flipped through the pages. Everything looked the same. He set it down
back in the chest, then, on a lark, grabbed his glasses.

“Persona~” he said to himself, flipping on his glasses. He struck a pose.

Then he picked up the katana, hefted it onto his shoulder, and struck another pose.

“Izanagi~” he whispered. “Ishtar~”

He adjusted the glasses and struck a final pose.

“Yu?” 

“Coming!” Yu said, quickly tossing his sword back into the chest. He removed the glasses
and was about to put them in.

Huh.

There was a tiny scratch on the corner of the lens.

Was that there before? He was pretty sure it wasn’t. But…it was sitting in a chest for two
years. It wasn’t like he took care of it or even paid attention to the lenses, they weren’t
prescription. Maybe it was like that for the past ten years.

…Or maybe not. 



Chapter 121: 4/30 - Daytime
Chapter Summary

Nanako helps out.

“Are you sure your parents don’t mind you helping out?” Yukiko asked. 

“Nah, it’s fine. We have days still. Dad’s at work anyway and mom had things she needed to
do. Besides, I’m here to visit family, and you’re like family.” 

“Aw, Nanako-chan. That’s sweet,” Yukiko said with a beautiful smile. Then she turned into
an ogre. “Tsuneo! Get down from there, right now!” 

“Ah! Monster mom!” Tsuneo yelled, hopping off a rock. Nanako was helping Yukiko change
out towels in the bath house. Yukiko’s two little ones, Tsuneo and Ai, were also “helping.”

“Ha! Monster mom? You haven’t seen anything until you’ve dealt with the dangerous skills
of The Daring Nana!” Nanako cried out, holding out a towel in a dramatic pose. Both Tsueno
and Ai turned to look at her. 

“The Daring Nana? Who’s that?” Tsuneo asked. 

“The greatest thief of all time! I can take anything from anywhere,” Nanako said. 

“Nu-uh!” Ai said. 

“Yeah-huh! In fact, I already stole your favorite toys from your room!” 

The two looked at each other.

“N-no you didn’t!” Tsuneo said, mustering up a little defiance. Nanako held the towel around
her like a cape, partially covering her face. 

“Are you sure…?”

“Nooo!” Tsuneo yelled, charging out of the bathhouse and heading towards his room. Ai ran
after him, screaming the whole way. Nanako laughed and folded the towel. 

“They miss you,” Yukiko said. “But I hope things are going well…?” 

“They are,” Nanako said, trying not to look at her. She had somehow avoided having to
answer questions about Ren so far. 

“And the young man…?” 



“Ew, don’t say it like that, you sound like a g-grandma,” Nanako said, sticking her tongue
out. 

“Don’t try to change the subject by being rude. You can’t even do it, you stumbled over the
word grandma.” 

Nanako frowned and blushed at the same time. 

“We’ve gotten pretty close,” Nanako said. “It was weird at first. He thought I was kinda…
well, stalkery.” 

“To be fair, you were kinda stalkery.” 

“”I know. But he’s glad I followed him. We’ve been through a few things together already,
believe it or not.” 

“The thing about your teacher?” Yukiko asked, trying to look disinterested. Nanako
wondered if she was probing for something specific. 

“Yes. He was accused of something he didn’t do and was going to be expelled. He was…
worried, I guess you could say,” Nanako said. 

“And you helped him through it with dates?” 

“W-we didn’t go on a date!” 

“No?” 

“Oh. Wait. We kinda did. Well, I don’t know if it was a date or not…we just walked around,
ate lunch, went back to his place…” 

“Nanako!” 

“It wasn’t like that!” Nanako said, blushing even brighter. 

“Snrk!….bahahaha!” Yukiko siad, bursting into a fit of giggles. “You’re so embarrassed!
That’s hilarious, Nanako-chan!’

“It’s not that funny…” Nanako grumbled. 

Nanako and Yukiko worked on a few more chores for the inn. Nanako played The Daring
Nana a bit more while Yukiko attended to a few guests. Then they left for a bit while a part-
timer took over the inn, taking a picnic lunch with the kids to the park. 

“I see the inn is still going well,” Nanako said. “You looked busy.” 

“We’re booked up for Golden Week. It’s been a lot…we even had to hire another part-timer.”

“That’s good, isn’t it?” 



“I suppose…Sadao keeps telling me it’s good. But it’s hard to let go of doing everything
myself. I know I have to, I’m the manager after all…but then I worry about the quality. My
mother keeps working too, and I keep worrying that I’m going to falter as a manager and the
whole thing is going to come to ruin. Plus, I don’t know if I can keep the part-timer on after
Golden Week…we seem to come in waves. Sometimes we’re so busy I can hardly keep up
and sometimes it’s empty for a couple of weeks. But then Sadao says that’s all the more
reason I should take that meeting…” 

“What meeting?” Nanako asked. 

“Oh, the meeting with the investor. Someone wants us to open an Amagi Inn in Tokyo.” 

“Really!? That’s amazing!” 

“Is it? I’m not so sure…it seems like a lot. I don’t know if we could run two locations,
especially two so far apart. And wouldn’t that mean I would need to move to Tokyo? And
would a traditional inn like this work in Tokyo? Everyone wants a traditional experience
when they come to the country, but I’m not sure it would translate well…” 

“It would depend where in Tokyo, I would imagine,” Nanako said. “I was in Ueno not long
ago and there’s still a lot of traditional places and craftspeople there. Plus, if it was in a really
trendy area, it might be a good novelty, you know?” 

“Oh, that’s true. Do you think you could help me figure that out?” 

“Oh, I mean, I’m not like an expert or anything…but I bet big bro would help out. Or, I have
some friends who have lived in Tokyo for a long time.” 

“That would be great!  It could mean a lot of great opportunities for us if we had someone
who knew what was going on. Thanks so much, Nanako-chan.” 

“I’m always glad to help,” Nanako said. 

=====

SOCIAL LINK RANK UP

Temperance: Yukiko Amagi

Level 1



Chapter 122: 4/30 - Afternoon
Chapter Summary

Cabbage.

“Sushi!? Real, actual, sushi? Gimme those chopsticks…mm…oh this is good. You got the
good stuff. Spent some real money on it. What’s in this dish here? Oh, barbecued pork! Oof.
Mm. Mmmmm. This is really great. And pickled cabbage!? That’s just unfair. I absolutely
love cabbage.” 

Tohru Adachi paused to look up across the table.

“It’s almost like you did your research.” 

They stared at each other a moment. Then Adachi went back to eating like a pig. It was a
shame that he couldn’t sit and enjoy the meal - savor each bite, memorize the texture of the
sushi and the way the pickled cabbage prickled the back of his tongue. But cops had a nasty
habit of giving a prisoner something they loved and then swiping it away a few moments
later. It was their way of “showing dominance” or some bullshit. 

It never worked on Adachi. He still got to eat good food, and if he ate fast, he could get most
of it in his stomach before they could take it back. Even if they kicked the shit out of him and
made him puke it up, it was still a good memory to hold onto. 

Memories were everything in prison. 

“The correctional officers tell me they call you ‘The Gourmand’ because of the number of
complaints you give about your meals,” the kid said. He sat with one leg crossed over the
other, just out of the ring of light from the hanging fixture in the interrogation room. It left his
upper torso hidden in shadow, which Adachi figured must be part of the intimidation
technique. Or maybe the kid was just trying to hide how scared he was. 

“Yeah, well, prison food sucks, kid. Plus, if you complain about food enough, people who
want something out of you give you the good stuff. Like you did.” 

“Ah, so it’s intentional.” 

“Don’t put me on some pedestal. I’m not a mastermind. I just notice stuff,” Adachi said. 

The kid leaned forward and picked up the manilla folder he had set on the other end of the
table and opened it.



“Tohru Adachi, age 37. You used to work as a detective for Inaba PD, where you had a
below-average career. In 2011, you were arrested in connection with the serial murders that
were occurring in Inaba, as well as charges of abuse of authority, interfering with a police
investigation, tampering of evidence…basically, any additional charge they could add to the
list in order to keep you locked away.” 

Adachi kept eating, but he slowed down a little. The kid wasn’t going to take his food away
in the middle of his “intimidating monologue.” 

“Your interrogations were convoluted. Though you admitted to the crime, you made a
number of outlandish claims, including the method of murder being ‘putting someone into
the TV.’ This resulted in you being placed under psychiatric evaluation for an eight month
period, after which they determined you were unable to stand trial in your current psychiatric
state. You were then placed in the Criminal Detention Hospital in Kyoto.” 

“That place had real good food. Nice rooms, cute nurses…I should’ve stayed there…”
Adachi mused.

“Yes, well, the staff there felt that your presence was disrupting the other patients, which led
them to reclassify you as fit to stand trial. You were tried in 2013 for the murders and though
you confessed, your defense lawyer used the lack of substantiated evidence and the media to
put the Japanese justice system under scrutiny. Bowing to public pressure, they postponed
your trial while further examination of your mental health and collection of evidence
continued. That was seven years ago.” 

“Yeah, you’d think they’d be finished by now, huh?” Adachi said. 

“Through loopholes in the detention system, they keep you ‘in holding, awaiting trial,’
continuously transferring you from prison to prison while you wait for a trial that is likely
never to come. You’re like a hanged man, caught between two extremes, never to find a
conclusion. Do I have all the details right?” 

“Sure,” Adachi said. “Except that I don’t really care. This way is fine. I get moved every
once in a while, get a new cell, new roommates, a change of scenery. New food, even if its
still shitty. I get found guilty, I’ll be stuck in a max security for the rest of my life, probably in
the same cell. Variety is the spice of life, kid, didn’t anyone ever tell you that?”

“Perhaps you’re more of a mastermind than you let on.” 

“What is it you want?” Adachi finally said. “Because this show you’re putting on here is tired
and boring and I’ve seen it before. In fact, you’re just a bad ripoff. They call you the
‘Detective Prince’ don’t they? I already worked with a real Detective Prince, and while that
little brat pissed me off, at least she had the skills. You? You ain’t it, kid. So let’s stop
pretending we’re playing some bullshit mental chess game. What do you want?” 

Akechi scooted his chair forward into the light. 

“I want details. I’ve heard your confession, I’ve read the transcripts, but you keep getting cut
off because your interrogators don’t believe you. I do believe you. And I want to know the



details of how you did it.” 

“No.” 

Adachi pushed his empty plates forward and belched. 

“May I ask why not?” 

“You’re not the first fanboy to approach me, kid. I’m a messed up guy, but I’m not willing to
encourage other people to do what I did. I played my game, had my fun, and I lost. So now I
sit in prison. It’s the way of things. But I’m not gonna tell you stuff so you can go home and
fantasize about being a serial killer with magic powers.” 

Akechi leaned forward. His hair draped around his face, creating a curtain that allowed
Adachi to only see his eyes.

“Magatsu Izanagi,” he whispered.

“What the hell?” Adachi said. “Where did you…” 

“I’ve already looked around inside your mind, Adachi-san,” Akechi said. “I’d rather not have
to dig any further. It’s a lot of work and I’m not sure you’ll come out of it alive. So perhaps
it’s better that you just share what you know. I’ll bring more food. And perhaps you can go
back to Kyoto, with the nice rooms and the cute nurses.” 

Adachi thought about this. It was true, he didn’t consider himself a mastermind. But he was
pretty good at noticing things - better than Dojima ever acknowledged him for. Akechi had
successfully grabbed Adachi’s attention, but he had to tip his hand to do it. Now Adachi
knew Akechi had the same types of powers he had - the ability to go into that other world.
Maybe he even had a Persona. Maybe he was the one who was responsible for the psychotic
breakdowns and mental shutdowns. Maybe he was even that Phantom Thief he heard the
guards talking about. 

Not that any of that mattered to him. 

But, as shitty as Adachi’s life was, he didn’t want to die. He was a coward in that way. 

“All right,” Adachi said, leaning back. “What do you want to know?” 

“Start at the beginning.” 



Chapter 123: 4/30 - Evening
Chapter Summary

Dojima watches TV.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

“What’re you watching, dad?” Nanako asked. Her dad had his attention glued to the TV. He
had opened the beer in his hand, but hadn’t yet taken a single sip. 

He didn’t respond. 

Mom sighed. “He seems to be completely engrossed in a case that isn’t his. Isn’t that right,
dear?” 

“Hm? Oh, sorry. It’s just interesting,” dad said. Nanako peered over to see the news was
talking yet again about Shujin and the phantom thieves calling card. 

“You sure you’re not just over-worrying about Nanako?” mom asked. 

“No, not at all. That place is going to be under a microscope now, it’s probably the safest
school in all of Japan right now,” Dad commented. “But it is pretty interesting that he just
went ahead and confessed to everything unprompted.” 

Nanako wasn’t sure how to tread on this one. On the one hand, she should probably act
normal - which in the past would have been to play around with the ideas of the case with her
dad. But, now that she was aware of just how good her father was, it seemed a dangerous
prospect. One little slip-up and she could give away the whole thing.

Then again, not talking to him about it would be equally suspicious. 

Besides, how was he ever going to figure out anything about the Metaverse? 

“Do you think there’s anything to these thieves?” Nanako asked. 

“Probably. The coincidence is just too great. I’ve heard some people think that students put
up the note as a way of retaliating and either Kamoshida thought that the truth was going to
come out, but that seems too convenient for a man who had so much influence over the
school. If I had to guess, I’d say that someone had some real solid proof over Kamoshida and
was going to release it, so he tried to cut it off by confessing. You can sometimes get a lighter
sentence by coming forward with everything…though I don’t think in this case he’ll be
getting a light sentence, too many eyes on him.” 



“So that’s it? Basic blackmail?” 

“Why, do you think it’s something deeper?” 

Nanako hesitated, but nodded. “I was there when he started talking about it. If he was going
to confess, why do it in front of the whole student body? And…I don’t know, he seemed to
be genuinely sorry.” 

“Criminals are only sorry they’re caught, not sorry that they did it.” 

“Didn’t seem like it to me,” Nanako said with a shrug. 

Dad turned his focus to her, which she found worrying. She sat down and started in on the
dinner that mom was setting out. 

“Maybe something happened in his life to help him find his conscience,” Dad suggested.

“That happens?” 

“Sometimes. Maybe the weight of that girl was too much for him to bear,” he said. 

“So you don’t think the whole thing about them making him confessing his sins is something
they can really do?” Nanako asked. Dad frowned.

“No. How would they do that? Post-hypnotic suggestion? Magic? No, no, stuff like that
doesn’t exist in the real world. It would be nice if it did, though.” 

“Why, so criminals would just turn themselves in? Wouldn’t you be out of a job?” 

“Probably. But it would be a nicer world.” 

Dad finally sipped the beer and joined everyone else for dinner. 

“What do you think you would’ve done if it were a nicer world and you didn’t need to be a
detective, dear?” mom asked, clearly trying to change the subject off of Kamoshida and the
phantom thieves. Dad thought about it for a moment.

“Hmm…I’m not sure. I like figuring things out, so it’d have to be something where I could
use my mind a lot. Maybe a teacher?” 

Nanako and mom both laughed. 

“What? What’s so funny?” 

“You as a teacher, dear. You’re too gruff with other people.” 

“Yeah, I can see it now. ‘Hey, student, shut up and listen to me!’” Nanako said in her best
impression of her dad. They both laughed while dad grinned.

“Yeah, yeah, well, maybe I wouldn’t be so rough if I didn’t have to deal with scumbags all
the time. I think I’d make a great teacher.” 



“I do too, actually,” Nanako said. “After all, you’ve taught me a lot.”

“Well, you’re a good student. Besides, our minds work pretty similarly. Just look at how you
poke away at that Kamoshida case.” 

“I was trying to change the subject…” mom said, dropping all pretense. Neither Nanako nor
Dad acknowledged it.

“Hey, if these phantom thieves really could do that…would it be right?” 

“Sure, why not?” 

“I mean…there is an element of consent involved,” Nanako pointed out.

“There is an element of consent in crimes, too. I wouldn’t feel too bad about a guy who
molests kids getting brainwashed into confessing. But I see what you mean. Two wrongs
don’t make a right, and would that be crossing a line? I’m not sure. I could see it both ways.” 

“Why both ways? I mean, wouldn’t it be sort of against the law? Vigilantism, at least.” 

“I suppose, yes, technically it would be wrong. However they would violate a person’s
mental space would probably be intrusive. That said…the system doesn’t always work the
way it’s supposed to. Amamiya is just one example of that. Okura would’ve been too, had he
not given you his phone. And believe me when I say cops don’t need magic powers to get a
confession out of a person…even though sometimes it’s not legitimate.” 

Dad sipped his beer.

“I guess what I’m saying is that if we police didn’t want someone like these phantom thieves
doing stuff like this, then we should do a better job and fix our system. Until then, I don’t
think any cop has a leg to stand on.” 

“Hm. Thanks, dad. That’s a lot to think about.” 

“Indeed it is,” Mom said. “Now can we please talk about something else?” 

“Okay…” both Nanako and dad said in the same tone.

All three laughed. 

=====

SOCIAL LINK RANK UP

Death: Ryotaro Dojima

Level 2

Chapter End Notes



Loving all the theories and questions springing up from the last chapter.

All I can say is...guess you'll have to wait and see! :3



Chapter 124: 5/1 - Afternoon
Chapter Summary

Nanako goes shopping.

“Do you think I should change my hair?” Nanako asked. She stood in front of a long mirror
at the department store in Okina City. She was wearing a cream colored turtleneck that was
super adorable but was way too hot for the upcoming summer, and a gray skirt. Mom was
taking her shopping.

“Hm, well, I’ve always liked it down,” mom said. Nanako reached up and undid the twin tails
and let her hair fall down. It was a little twisted from being tied up all day, but she still looked
pretty cute that way too. Her hair down, combined with the outfit, made her look older and
more mature. 

“Hmm…I don’t hate it,” Nanako said. “But…I don’t know…” 

“What about a ponytail?” mom suggested. She reached to an accessory rack and pulled out a
lavender colored elastic with extra tails on the end that made it look like a scarf. Nanako
pulled it up into the a ponytail and examined it from every angle.

“I kinda like it,” Nanako said. “Fun, but…different.” 

“Different is always good. Sometimes helps people see you in a new light…” 

Nanako blushed. She hadn’t said specifically she was trying to figure out a new hairstyle to
get Ren’s attention, but apparently her mom was more perceptive than she let on. 

“Whatever makes you the most happy with your appearance is what you should do. Even if it
means shaving your head,” mom said. Nanako laughed.

“Well that wouldn’t make me happy, but thanks for the support. What does make me happy is
this turtleneck, but it’s gonna be too hot…” 

“I’ll get a few things for summer,” mom said. She scooped up all the discarded clothes into a
pile over her arm and left the dressing room. 

Pi pi pi. 

KANJI: Hey, you still wanna do some work? 

Nanako had forgotten she had asked Kanji for that. 



NANAKO: I got my money troubles figured out so if you’re doing it for me, I’m okay. 

NANAKO: But if you just need help, I’d love to see you when I’m in town!

KANJI: Oh, I forgot you were in town. That’s even better. Swing on by later, I’ll fill ya in. 

Mom pushed open the dressing room door and set new clothes out, insisting she try them.
Nanako changed out of the turtleneck and skirt and grabbed the first outfit. The jeans fit nice
and had a cool lotus flower pattern sewn on the left thigh. 

The top was confusing, though. It was made of a beautiful lace along in a shade of cool,
wintery blue. But the straps were thin, and it seemed kinda short. Nanako wrestled with the
top until she got it on then frowned at herself. Mom slipped inside.

“This is uh…?” Nanako said, pulling at the hem. “Kinda short. And you can see my bra.” 

“It’s a crop top, dear, it’s supposed to be short, and you’re not supposed to wear a bra with
it.” 

“M-mom! Isn’t this too…audacious?” 

“Oh, live a little Nanako. You’re only young once. I’m buying it for you. You might need it.” 

“Are you sure…?” 

“Yes, quite sure. You never know when the right occasion might come up for something
daring like that. Love can be a battlefield, Nanako. Don’t be caught unprepared.” 

Mom leaned in. 

“I had to work pretty hard to get your father to fall in love with me, so I know what I’m
talking about.” 

They laughed together. 



Chapter 125: 5/1 - Evening
Chapter Summary

Nanako gets photographed.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

“Hey, Nanako! Thanks for coming by,” Kanji said, opening the door wide for her to enter. 

“Smile!” 

“O-oh, hello,” Nanako stammered as her eyes were assaulted by a bright light. She could
vaguely make out the silhouette of a young man wearing a beanie holding a camera
apparatus. 

“Hey, come on Masi, give her a little space, and turn down the lights!” Kanji snapped as he
shut the door behind him. 

“Haha, sorry Tatsumi-san, just eager to get started,” the young man said. He adjusted a
dimmer on the light and Nanako could finally see more clearly. The guy was a little older
than she was, maybe 19 or 20. He had black hair falling out of the edges of the dark blue
beanie, down to the base of his neck, and a goofy smile. He wore a green flannel shirt over a
black band T-shirt for some group called ESTUARY OVERDRIVE. Nanako had never heard
of it. He had on jeans and sneakers. 

“Nanako, this is Masi O-” 

“You can call me Masi-masi,” the young man said, keeping the camera trained on Nanako.
“That’s my YouTube name and channel.” 

“Right, yeah. Masi, this is Nanako Dojima, a friend of mine. She’s the one from the samurai
fox video.” 

“Oh, cool, cool. Yeah, not bad camera work for an amateur. You never did anything like that
before?” Masi asked. 

“No, not exactly for something of Kanji’s level…and uh, it’s nice to meet you.” 

“Mhm, same,” Masi said, never faltering with the camera. Nanako turned to Kanji. 

“Uh…why is he still filming me?” 



“Good question. Masi, go take a break will ya?” 

“Whatever you say, Tatsumi-san!” Masi cheerily lowered the camera, turned off the light, and
went to the other side of the workshop. Nanako watched as Kanji rubbed his eyes. 

“Something wrong?” 

“No, no. At least, I don’t think so. Listen, Masi there is a social media expert. He has a huge
following, a top-rated Japanese channel, and even gets onto the mainstream TV sometimes.
He reached out to me a couple of weeks ago asking to do a collab and I thought it might be
good. You know, get my message out there to more of the world.” 

“That sounds amazing, Kanji!” Nanako said, suddenly excited. “But…what do you need me
for?” 

“Well…he says he’s an  expert at grabbing youth attention, especially of people your age or
even middle school. I’m not sure I’m young enough to know if he’s lying or not.” 

“Aren’t you only 25?” Nanako asked.

“Eh, yeah but…truthfully, I didn’t really understand high schoolers when I was in high
school myself. Anyway, I guess I was just wondering if you’d hang out a bit and watch him
work and then just keep an eye on the channel when you have time. I don’t want to turn my
work into something that it’s not, but I also don’t want to limit myself out of fear.” 

Kanji crossed his arms and frowned at the floor.

“Damnit, I wish I could figure this shit out for myself, I hate having to ask you to do this…
I’ll pay you whatever you want.” 

“I don’t mind doing this at all, Kanji,” Nanako said. “I watch your channel all the time
anyway. And I’ll take any excuse to hang out with you when I’m in Inaba.” 

Kanji let out a breath and seemed to relax a little. 

“Okay. Thanks, Nanako-chan. But you have to let me pay you, it’ll help with my guilt.” 

“If you insist,” Nanako said, though she was secretly glad. She had been thinking the last
couple of days about some things that she and Ren might need if they were going to continue
on this mission, and it wasn’t going to be cheap. 

“All right, let’s go film the first segment. If he starts to annoy you, just tell him off or let me
know and I’ll throw his ass out.” 

Nanako laughed.

=====

SOCIAL LINK RANK UP 
Hanged Man: Kanji Tatsumi




Level 1

Chapter End Notes

Annnd we're back!

Sorry for the drop off in updates, everyone. It was a crazier American Thanksgiving
week than I anticipated! My garage door broke! I ended up doing like three podcast
episodes! And then like, trying to do holiday things during a pandemic!

Anyway, so my new icon is from some fan art done by Aira_Aura14! They posted a
bunch of pictures on Twitter the other day, including Nanako in her suspenders, her
sundress, and just a bunch of cool stuff! Here's the tweet, you should totally follow them
and support them!

https://twitter.com/AiraAura6/status/1332950586862362626

Hope you're all doing well. More updates soon!



Chapter 126: 5/2 - Afternoon
Chapter Summary

Nanako goes to Junes.

Pi pi pi. 

“Oh, I need to get this, it won’t take long,” Nanako said to her parents. The three of them
were casually strolling through Junes, browsing around with no particular goal in mind. Mom
had stopped to discuss getting new bedsheets with dad, and the two of them just nodded at
her while they fervently argued about the necessity of higher thread counts.

“Hello?” Nanako answered smiling from ear to ear.

“Hi. It’s Ren.” 

“Hey.” 

“Hey. 

A pause. 

“You texted earlier. You said you needed me to call you,” Ren prompted.

“Oh. Uh. No, I said I wanted you to call me. I don’t…need you to call me.” 

“Oh. So nothing’s wrong?” 

“Um. No.” Nanako felt her cheeks flushing. Why was this suddenly so awkward? She hadn’t
thought of needing an excuse to talk to Ren, things had been going pretty well…but then
again, there had always been the looming problem of Kamoshida in the background to fall
back on. But she couldn’t really talk about that stuff right now, in public. 

“Okay.” Ren said, though it sounded like there was a smirk in his voice. “…Did you miss
me?” 

“What!? N-no! Why would you say that?” Nanako stammered. 

Ren laughed. His voice was so rich and deep that his laugh felt like a jolly thunderclap, even
through the tiny speakers of the phone. 

“It’s okay. I miss you too.” 



“Oh my God I am blushing so hard right now…” Nanako said aloud. Why did she say that
aloud!? Get control of yourself, Nanako! 

“I bet it’s cute. Hey, I gotta go, Sojiro’s giving me the stink eye.” 

“Okay. Bye.” 

“Bye.” 

The call ended, leaving Nanako holding the phone to her chest. He missed her! And then he
said she was cute! She felt ready to burst with her joy. She needed to tell someone! Mom?
No, wait until dad wasn’t around for that. Maybe Yukiko. Or Ann. Ann had encouraged her,
hadn’t she? 

Nanako realized that while she was talking on the phone she had wandered straight out of the
store and onto the food court patio. She slipped her phone back into her bag and started back
for the doors. 

“That’s why this election is more important than ever! The ruling party is making a lot of
promises that it cannot keep. It’s using fear and division to build a false sense of trust! They
claim they can make this country great, but I say it is already great! Don’t be led astray by
those who would use fear.” 

Someone was making an election speech. The elections for the Diet were coming up soon,
and she supposed now was the time for people to be canvassing through their home territories
and-

Nanako looked at the politician. 

Her heart accelerated and her breathing became shallow. Suddenly a darkness started closing
in around the edges of her vision. 

Namatame. 

Namatame looked older, of course, but still more or less the same as he had ten years ago. He
stood on his box, speaking passionately to anyone entering Junes. 

“P…P…Perso…” Nanako stammered to herself, clutching at the air for a card that wasn’t
there. Of course it wasn’t there. This wasn’t the Metaverse. This wasn’t a dream. This was
reality. 

Taro Namatame was standing right in front of her. 

He hadn’t seen her yet. That was good. That was the only thing that kept her safe, she had to
stay out of sight, slip herself behind one of the tables and then -

Nanako’s legs wobbled from beneath her and she fell over, knocking a trashcan as she did.
The sound clattered through the food court, and everyone gathered around turned to look at
her.



Including Namatame.

“No no no no no no…” she whispered to herself. “He saw you. He saw you. You have to run.
Run and stay away from the TV, run and stay away from the TV, big bro will save you, dad
will save you, just run and-” 

“Nanako?” 

Dad.

He bolted over to her and helped her sit up. 

“Nanako, can you hear me? Are you all right?” 

“Na…na…” 

He looked up and saw Namatame. Namatame seemed to see dad, too, and quickly looked
away, continuing with his speech. The other onlookers also went back to listening to the
speech or continuing on into Junes. Nanako felt mom’s hands too. 

“It’s okay, sweetie, it’s fine. He won’t hurt you,” Mom whispered.

“I’m here, Nanako. Nothing can hurt you while I’m here,” Dad said. 

Nanako only nodded. She let them lead her to a table. Dad sat with her while mom went to
get something to drink. 

“Just breathe, Nanako. You’re safe.” 

Nanako nodded and squeezed her eyes shut. 



Chapter 127: 5/2 - Evening
Chapter Summary

Nanako goes on a walk.

“I feel ashamed, more than anything,” Nanako said over the phone. 

“Why?” Ren asked. 

Nanako thought about this. The rest of the day had been rough. After she calmed down, she
went home and rested in her room and listened while her parents argued about what they
should do about what just happened. Mom had pushed for therapy. Dad said he didn’t want
Nanako reliving any of the past. Mom pointed out that she was already reliving it, but
without guidance. 

They compromised by having Dad come talk to her. They went over what happened, and Dad
told Nanako the same version of the story she’d always heard: Namatame was being
manipulated by Dad’s old partner, Adachi, into kidnapping victims which Adachi then
murdered. Namatame had been released since they didn’t have enough evidence to put the
kidnapping on him, and since then Namatame had been working in politics again, trying to
repair the damage he had done. 

The part of the story about the lack of evidence had always confused Nanako - how could big
bro have saved her from him and yet there was not enough evidence? Now she understood
why. How could they prove that Namatame put people into the Metaverse? How could Yu
testify to that fact? Even if they told the truth, no one would believe it. 

The justice system was ill-equipped to handle such a case. 

Dad reassured her that she was safe, and that he wouldn’t let anyone hurt her ever again. And
that worked, when she was a little girl. If only her dad’s love was actually strong enough to
do that.

But Nanako didn’t want protecting anymore. She could protect herself just fine from new
dangers. It was the ghosts of these old ones that she didn’t know how to fight. 

After dinner, Nanako said she needed to go on a walk. After a little time wandering Inaba,
she found herself calling Ren again, and telling him the whole story. 

“I guess I’m ashamed because I thought I handled this already, back in the palace with
Kamoshida. I thought it was behind me.” 



“I don’t think it’s that easy. What you did in Kamoshida’s palace was very strong, but trauma
takes a while to heal…I think. I’m not a psychologist or anything,” Ren said. 

“No, but I think you’re right…it was dumb of me to think one moment of triumph was
enough to fix all my baggage.” Nanako sat down and sighed. “Maybe my mom’s right.
Maybe I do need therapy. But how would I even start talking about something like this?” 

“Maybe start with your big bro,” Ren suggested.

“But…if we want to keep doing what we’re doing…” Nanako said, trailing off. Ren made a
low grunting noise. 

“That would make it more difficult,” Ren said, measuring his words carefully. 

“So you want me to not talk to him?” 

“I didn’t say that.” 

“You want me to talk to him?” 

“I didn’t say that, either,” Ren said. Nanako frowned. 

“You still want me to stay here in Inaba, don’t you?” 

There was a long pause.

“No, I don’t want that. I told you that. I just think it’s the smarter thing to do. For yourself.” 

“Well, I don’t.” 

“It’s your choice to make,” Ren replied.

“You’re right, it is,” Nanako snapped, feeling irritation rising in her. “You know…I gotta go.
I’ll talk to you later.” 

She hung up. 

“Ugh, this boy!” she yelled. It was only then that she realized during her wandering that she
had ended up at Tatsuhime Shrine, in the same area where she and Ren had first struck their
deal. She put her phone away and walked back over to the ema. Her’s from last February was
gone, she noticed. But the other one was still there. 

“I wish for evil hearts to change,” she read aloud, again. “Ironic.” 

“Yip.” 

Nanako spun around. 

“Hey, it’s you again,” Nanako said. She crouched down while the fox with the heart bib
around its neck padded forward. The fox looked at her curiously. Nanako concentrated and
examined the fox’s face.



“Oh, no, you’re not the same fox, you’re missing a scar…I guess that makes sense. That
would be a really long time for a fox to live.”

The fox stepped even closer and lowered its head. Nanako gingerly reached forward and
patted its head. The fox seemed to smile. 

“You have the same bib, though…I wonder if you’re related to the other fox? Did you know
him? I left him an umbrella once.” 

The fox nodded. Nanako frowned.

“Did you…nod?” 

The fox stared at her. 

“Great Nanako, now you’re talking to a fox…” 

Nanako sat down. The fox sat down too. 

“My big bro knew that fox, too. I think he used to talk to it. I’m not really sure what it was he
did, but I used to see him sneaking around the shrine.” 

The fox nodded again.

“Did you know him?” 

Stare. 

Nanako dug out her phone and searched something.

“It says that foxes live between 2 and 5 years…so that would make you that fox’s grandchild,
right? Unless you’re like a Kitsune or something.” 

Stare.

“Wow, I so badly don’t want to confront my problems that I’m sitting here talking to a fox…”
Nanako sighed. “I don’t suppose you can help me, can you?” 

The fox turned and looked at the ema. 

“Oh, right, I suppose I could put a wish, couldn’t I?” 

Nanako got up and found a blank one and something to write with. What did she want to
wish for, anyway? For Ren to make sense? For her own issues to just…go away? For a clear
direction on where to go? 

“I wish for guidance,” she said, writing it down and hanging it on the shrine. The fox padded
over and looked up at it. Then it looked at Nanako, and then the offering box. 

“Oh, right.” Nanako dug through her purse, found some money, and dropped it in. The fox
nodded, then turned and darted off.



“Hey! Aren’t you going to give me guidance?” Nanako called out. She chased after the fox,
who ran to the other side of the shrine. The fox was much faster, of course, and by the time
she rounded the corner, it was gone. She frowned. 

That was stupid. But at least it gave her something to do for a few minutes. She was just
about go home when something caught her eye. By one of the trees behind the shrine, it
looked like someone had dumped some garbage. That was extremely odd - why didn’t
anyone from the town come get rid of it? Or the priests, for that matter? She walked over to
it. It was mostly a bunch of small electronics - a tape player, an old VCR, a couple of remote
controls.

And a TV.

The TV was an older model CRT with a huge back to it. It had a dent on the top, but
otherwise wasn’t in too bad condition, though it had obviously been sitting there for years,
which meant there was no chance of it ever working. 

But the screen was intact. 

Nanako crouched down. It was just large enough for her to fit through. Definitely large
enough for a fox.

Could it be…?

She reached out. Her fingers hovered millimeters away from the glass. Her heart pounded in
her ears. She took a deep breath and leaned forward.

She touched dusty glass.

Nanako let out a breath of relief and exasperation. 

“Time to go home,” Nanako commanded herself. She dusted off her hand and marched out of
the shrine. 



Chapter 128: 5/3 - Afternoon
Chapter Summary

Bring your daughter to work.

“Dad, seriously, this office…” Nanako said, fussing around with the stacks of paper on the
desk. “How old are some of these files?” 

“What, I’m busy…” Dad grumbled.

“Well you don’t look busy at the moment. Come on, let’s get this place cleaner!” 

“Really? Now? Do we have to?” 

“I can get Yamamoto to help me if you’d rather.” 

He sighed. “No, he’ll probably just mess it up…” 

Nanako helped her dad clean her office and felt she was a bit kinder for it. 



Chapter 129: 5/3 - Evening
Chapter Summary

Nanako goes shopping. Again.

“Ohmigosh, Nanako-chan!” 

Nanako turned around. It was the Hanas, both of them rushing over to her with shopping bags
in hand. 

“Oh hey, Hana, Hanako! It’s nice to see you,” Nanako said. 

“We didn’t know you were back in town! Why didn’t you tell us?” Hana asked.

“Is it true you went to Tokyo just to follow Amamiya? I mean, I don’t blame you, he’s hot,
but…” Hanako added.

“Is Tokyo amazing? You’re living in Shibuya, right? Man, I’m so jealous,” Hana said. 

Nanako raised both of her hands to slow them down. “Yes, I’m back, sorry I didn’t tell you.
No I didn’t just go to follow Amamiya, though he…is going to the same school as me. And
yes, Tokyo is pretty amazing, but I miss Inaba sometimes too. I was just realizing that the
Shopping District has a lot of fun stores I never went in before…” 

Both Hanas lit up.

“That’s because you never went shopping with us!” 

“Yeah, Nanako-chan, you’re missing out! Hanako, we have to do this. For the pride of Inaba,
we must show Nanako that our cute shops are just as good as the ones in Tokyo!” 

“Yes!” 

Before she knew it, Nanako was being dragged along the Central Shopping District, being
dragged into every store imaginable. 

She bought a few things and got some advice from the Hanas on how to be a bit more
fashionable. She felt a little more charming because of it. 



Chapter 130: 5/4 - Morning
Chapter Summary

Nanako leaves home to go home.

“Didn’t you only have two bags when you got here?” Dad asked as he and Nanako stood on
the train platform.

“Yeah, but mom bought me so many clothes I had to bring another one,” she said with a sigh,
though she smiled when she did. 

“She misses you,” he said. 

“So do you. And I miss both of you a lot, too. But…” 

Nanako turned to face her dad and look him straight in the eyes.

“Thanks so much for letting me do this. I’ve only been gone a little while and I’ve already
learned a lot - about myself, about the world, about what it takes to start over in a new place.
I feel…” 

“Mature?” Dad suggested.

“I guess, yeah. Experienced?” 

Dad chuckled. “Well, I think it suits you. Just remember to keep in touch. And remember that
if you need anything, you just call. I worry about you. I worry about what happened on
Sunday, and with all the stuff going on in your school…” 

“I know. And I won’t tell you not to worry, because I know you can’t. But…I guess, have
faith in me?” 

“I do. If I didn’t, you wouldn’t be getting on that train.” 

They hugged as the train pulled forward. 

“And uh, Nanako…the next time you come back…if you want to invite some friends or…
you know, even that boy…it’s okay by me.” 

“Really?!” she said, beaming ear to ear. 

“Yeah. Just give me a heads up, okay?” 

“Thanks, daddy! I love you!” 



She snuck in one more hug, even as dad was grumbling to her that she needed to get on the
train. She lugged her three bags on, found a window seat, and waved at him until he was out
of sight. 

Nanako sighed and leaned back in the seat. It had been good to go home and get some
perspective on things. She had really missed Inaba while she was in Tokyo. But now she felt
like she had missed Tokyo while she was in Inaba. 

Was that how it was going to be from now on? Her heart always split in two, always longing
for everything to be together? Wanting to be in a small town and the big city all at once? 

Another contradiction she had to hold in her heart. 

Pi pi pi. 

ANN: Hey, when do you come back? 

NANAKO: Right now, I just got on the train. I’ll be in late this afternoon. 

ANN: Thank goodness! 

ANN: I need girl time! Right away!

NANAKO: What do you mean? 

ANN: I mean, we’ve been on break and I’ve been hanging out with Ren and Ryuji and I need
to get away from all the testosterone! 

NANAKO: Ahh, I get it. Well, let’s hang out tonight. I don’t have plans. 

ANN: Great! Come up to my place, you hosted the other times, and I’m sure you’re gonna be
tired.

NANAKO: Okay. I just need to unpack when I get back and find a place for all these new
clothes.

ANN: New clothes!? Bring them with you, I wanna see!

Nanako laughed. 

NANAKO: Okay. They’re nothing special.

ANN: Let me be the judge of that! 

ANN: I’ll order in, so don’t eat anything. 

ANN: See you tonight!

Nanako looked through the rest of her contact list. 

NANAKO: Hey, you surviving over there?

RYUJI: Yeah! We have the place for tomorrow all picked out, and I just crushed my high
score. 

NANAKO: You didn’t study at all, did you?

RYUJI: Why would I do that? 

Nanako sighed.

NANAKO: I have my work cut out for me…

RYUJI: Stop worryin’ about that stuff and enjoy your break! You’re coming back today
aren’t you? 




NANAKO: Yeah, I’m on the train right now.

RYUJI: How was Inyabi? 

NANAKO: Inaba! And it was good. Hung out with old friends and family mostly. 

RYUJI: Cool. See you tomorrow!

She looked at her message thread with Ren. It’d been a whole day since she’d last talked to
him.

She decided she was still mad at him and turned off her phone. She idly glanced around the
train, and realized she was looking for Akechi. His presence had made the last ride go by so
quickly…

She put in her headphones and decided to listen to music. 



Chapter 131: 5/4 - Evening
Chapter Summary

Nanako models for Ann.

“Okay, okay, we ate, let’s see the clothes!” Ann announced.

“I don’t think I can,” Nanako said, looking around the room warily. 

“Come on! I’m sure they’re cute, don’t be nervous.” 

“No, I mean, I just don’t physically think I can. What if they…you know…” 

“Hm?” Ann looked confused.

“This place is a mess!” Nanako said. “There’s clothes everywhere! If I put my clothes down,
they’re gonna get swallowed up in this chaos pit!”

Nanako slapped her hands over her mouth. 

“Sorry, sorry, that was too harsh!” 

“No, you’re right…” Ann said, folding her arms and staring embarrassed down at the floor. “I
guess it could use a little tidying…” 

“No, no, I was way out of line. You invited me here, I shouldn’t be complaining…how about
we just straighten up a little? I’ll help.” 

“No, it’s okay, I can do it,” Ann said, bending over to start scooping things up. 

“No, seriously, I don’t mind. I like cleaning. It’s like…bringing order to chaos in the physical
world helps me feel like the other chaos in the universe can be contained.” 

“Really? Cleaning just makes me bored,” Ann admitted. “And it makes me feel like I’m a
total gross slob, which I guess I am.”

“I mean, this isn’t gross, it’s just…cluttered.” 

Which was about as nice of a word that Nanako could use to describe it. There were just
clothes everywhere, and Ann’s room was mostly closet. But there weren’t old food containers
or moldy plates or anything. Just lots of clothes. Nanako and Ann started sorting, folding, and
hanging. Nanako was brutally efficient about her folding technique - she liked to think of it as
origami for clothing, and the more compact and smooth you could get it, the better. 



“When you model in clothing, you have the chance to buy them at a huge discount,” Ann
explained. “I kinda got in a bad habit of snatching up everything I looked great in…which of
course is everything because they’re professionals, you know?” 

“These are gorgeous,” Nanako said. “You should wear something fancy for tomorrow. I will
too, though I don’t have anything quite this nice.” 

“Oh, that would be fun! The Wilton Hotel Buffet is pretty classy, and honestly I don’t usually
have a reason to wear a lot of this stuff.” 

“Maybe we can get the guys to dress nice, too,” Nanako suggested.

“Ren, maybe. I wouldn’t hold my breath for Ryuji.” 

They both laughed. 

Soon enough the chaos was at least manageable (though Nanako was still suspicious of one
more closet that Ann would not let her in) and she set down the extra suitcase she had
brought with all the new clothes. Nanako went through some of the new outfits - a new
lavender sundress with tiny white and yellow flowers; a pair jeans with brown chukka boots
with a slight heel and a goldenrod colored tunic-style t-shirt; black leggings with a purple
skirt and a white tank-top that had bubble-style graffiti lettering in a purple-pink that said
“LOVE.” 

“Ooh, you have good taste,” Ann said. “You’re so cute!” 

“Stop it, it’s all fine, but I’m not cute.” 

“You definitely are, don’t sell yourself short. Hey, what about this one?” 

Ann held up the blue lace crop top that mom had insisted Nanako buy. Nanako grimaced. 

“I don’t think that’s really right for me,” Nanako explained.

“I told you I would be the judge! Come on, put it on.”

Nanako sighed, but she knew Ann well enough now that there was going to be no relenting
from her. She set to work on putting it on. 

“I don’t think I have good pants for it, though,” Nanako said. 

“You can borrow something of mine,” Ann said, standing up to rummage through her own
clothes. 

“Yeah right, like anything of yours would fit me,” Nanako groaned. Ann was taller than
Nanako and also a lot curvier in the hips and chest. Ann’s clothes would just slide off Nanako
like a hoop around a stick. 

“Will you stop it? I think…aha, here we go. Try this.” 



Nanako caught the garment and put it on. It was a pair of high-waisted, pale blue slacks that
were the exact matching color to her blue laced top. The waist tapered in perfectly on Nanako
and left just a narrow stripe of her midriff showing. The pants were a little too long, but
otherwise it looked shockingly good on her. 

“Wow,” Ann said. “Now that’s a look. You need to keep those pants. I’ll have the legs
hemmed up. Too bad I can’t get it done before tomorrow.” 

“I don’t know, this might be a little too bold for tomorrow,” Nanako said. 

“Mm, maybe. Still, it’d be fun to watch Ren drool over you…” Ann said with a wink.
Nanako glowered. 

“Hmph. I doubt it. The only thing he’d be drooling over is the food…” 

“Uh oh. Did something happen?” 

Nanako sighed, wandered over towards Ann’s bed, and fell back onto it. 

“Yes. No. Kinda. I don’t know. He’s so hard to figure out! Just when I think he’s showing
some interest in me, he gets all quiet and mysterious again. It’s so annoying!” 

Nanako sat up.

“Sorry, I didn’t mean to-” 

“No, I wanna hear it,” Ann said, sliding onto the bed next to her and grabbing a heart-shaped
pillow to hug in front of her. “If you don’t mind telling it.” 

Nanako told her everything from the beginning. It was the first time she’d told the whole
story, including the breaking and entering of the school. Ann was riveted by it, only
interrupting to ask a few questions. 

“I can’t believe he kissed you,” Ann said when Nanako was through with the story. “And I
can’t believe you followed him here! You two are something else. I don’t think I could ever
do either of those things.” 

“Yeah, well, I guess we’re both brave and stupid in our own special way,” Nanako lamented.
“Am I wasting my time with him? Have I just pestered him into letting me hang around? Am
I just useful to him because of my Personas?” 

“No way,” Ann said firmly. “He cares a lot about you. You can tell from the way he looks at
you, the way he talks about you, the way he defends you. I mean, think about everything that
happened in Kamoshida’s palace. Would he do that for anyone?” 

“Kinda, yeah. He’s dashing and clever and daring, but I think he’s also really kind at heart.” 

“Hm, that’s true. Still, I think what you did for him was so loving. And not just in the
romantic way, it’s just a really nice thing to do for someone else. You have like the biggest
heart in the world, Nanako.” 



“Thanks,” Nanako sighed. “So I should keep going?” 

“I’m not exactly an expert on love or relationships,” Ann said. “But I think you should just be
patient. Ren is…mm…when I look at him, I feel like he’s complicated. Like he has all these
thoughts going on inside that he’s keeping secret from the rest of us. Maybe it just takes him
longer to think through things like this.” 

“Yeah. Maybe you’re right,” Nanako said. “Thanks, Ann. I really needed to talk to someone
about this.” 

“Hey, we’re friends, right? That’s what we do.” 

Nanako leaned over and put her head on Ann’s shoulder. 

“Hey, how’s Shiho?” Nanako asked.

“Doing okay. She’s getting stronger every day, and she’s able to stay awake a little longer
each time too…I’m kinda worried about her, though. The doctor’s aren’t sure if she’ll ever be
able to play volleyball competitively again. They’re not even sure if she’ll walk normally.
She was really proud of her athletic abilities, and losing that…well…” 

Ann trailed off and glanced over to her beside table. There was a picture of her and Shiho,
leaning close to each other and both making silly faces with their tongues sticking out.

“I’m trying to be strong for her. It’s the only thing I can think of.” 

“She’s lucky to have someone like you in her corner,” Nanako said. 

Pi pi pi. Nanako glanced at her phone.

“Oh no! It’s time for Cake Guardians!” Nanako yelled. 

“Oh, I love that show! Let’s go watch it!” 

They ran off to Ann’s couch. 

=====

SOCIAL LINK RANK UP

The Star: Ann Takamaki
Level 2



Chapter 132: 5/5 - Afternoon
Chapter Summary

The Phantom Thieves are formed.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

The girls came from one direction.

The guys came from the other.

They met at the front door. 

Ann wore an dark blue dress with an empire waist which was accented by a gold ribbon. The
dress was sleeveless, but she wore a 3/4 sleeve black cardigan over it. She wore black tights
and patent leather boots that gleamed. 

It reminded Nanako a bit of Margaret. 

Nanako wore a tunic-style dress - bright red, with a bold black belt and yellow flower on the
hip. Her hair was let down and she had a black headband to keep her hair in place. To tie the
whole look together, Ann had insisted on a very red lipstick. 

The whole thing was an intentional strategy she and Ann had put together. Ann usually loved
red, but decided to mute herself back so that Ren would know who exactly to look at all
times. Nanako had thought it was an amazing and generous idea but…now that she was
actually standing there…maybe it was all a little too much. Nanako felt like people kept
looking at her, and she wasn’t used to that kind of attention. Nor did she really find she liked
it all that much. 

Ren looked good. He wore a white t-shirt, a black blazer, and a pair of jeans over brown
boots. He casually held his bag over his shoulder, no doubt containing Morgana, and peered
at the world through his glasses. 

Ryuji was…there.

“Ryuji, I said to wear a jacket!” Ann scolded. Ryuji looked confused, holding the lapel of his
purple Triple 7 work jacket.

“This is a jacket, dummy.” 

“That’s not what that means! Ugh, if we get thrown out of here because of you…” 



“It’ll be fine,” Ren said to Ann. But then his attention was focused entirely on Nanako, who
was doing her best to stand up straight and be poised. 

“You look great,” Ren said in a low voice. 

“So do you,” Nanako said. 

“Did you bring me any Marukyu Tofu?” 

“Haha, no.” 

“Oh.” 

“Come on guys, let’s go! I’m starving!” Ann said, motioning them along into the front doors
of the Wilton Hotel. The group filed in, with Nanako taking the rear. 

Had Ren seemed disappointed about the lack of tofu? It seemed like it to her. Why? Did he
love tofu? No wait, Nanako had specifically asked Ren if he wanted any tofu from Marukyu
and he said no. 

Unless…he had said no, but really meant yes. 

But really, tofu? 

No, it wasn’t the tofu, Nanako realized. It could’ve been anything. Ren missed Inaba, and he
had hoped deep down that Nanako would bring a piece back for him. And now she felt totally
stupid. She had been so wrapped up in everything going on there that she hadn’t considered
how her trip and return might affect Ren. 

Ugh, rookie mistake! 

She started to think through everything she had bought in Inaba, but it was all clothes. She
didn’t think Ren would look that good in a crop top. 

Though, maybe…

Ren and Ann took care of all the details of the buffet and before long they were seated. 

“I can’t believe it! The Wilton Hotel Cake Buffet…I’ve heard so much about it. I even had a
literal dream about it once. But I never thought I’d actually be here!” Ann said, practically
vibrating in her seat. 

“Did you see how much meat there was on that one table!? I’m going to eat until I have a
heart attack.” 

“Oh no! I forgot, there’s a time limit!” Ann said, standing quickly. 

“For real!? Okay, Ren, Nanako, watch our stuff, we’ll be right back!” 

“Hey, what about us!?” Morgana complained.



“We’ll grab you something!” Ann said as she rushed off.

Ren, Nanako, and Morgana sat there for a few moments.

Nanako giggled.

“Well…at least they’re having fun,” Nanako offered. Ren cracked a smile. 

“Hard to believe they hardly knew each other a couple of weeks ago. They act like brother
and sister,” Ren said. “Bickering one second, but on the exact same page the next.” 

Another few moments of silence. Morgana sighed.

“Will you two just make up already? I don’t know what you did, but you clearly don’t want
to be mad at each other anymore.” 

Ren elbowed the bag. “I’m not mad at her.”

“I’m…” Nanako trailed off. She wasn’t sure how she felt about him at the moment. 

“Phew, we made it!” Ryuji said, slamming two huge plates of food on the table. One seemed
to be a platter of meat that would’ve put Chie in a happiness coma. The other was…beans? 

“Here we go~!” Ann said, practically singing. She set down two plates of cake. 

Ryuji and Ann’s forks flashed through the air.

“Oh my God, it’s meat heaven. A meat explosion. A three-ring circus of meat melting in my
mouth,” Ryuji said, moaning. He took another bite. “I think I’m having a meatgasm.” 

“The only reason I’m not killing you for saying ‘meatgasm’ is this cake has put me in a state
of bliss,” Ann said, her voice smooth and even, her eyes shut. 

“What about us!?” Morgana whined, peering his head out of the bag.

“Oh, right, I wasn’t sure what to get you, so I got you some beans.” 

“Beans!?” 

“And I got you a cake sampling too, Nanako.” 

Ann pushed forward the other plate. It looked like literally every cake available on the buffet
had been carefully arranged on the plate to make a beautiful pinwheel of pastry. The cakes
were in the center, and the borders had all sorts of other fun desserts - mochi ice cream balls,
Italian cannolis, several variations of cookies, and chocolate croissants. 

“This is grotesque. Come on Ren, we’ll show them how to enjoy fine dining.” 

Ren shrugged and hefted the Morgana bag onto his shoulder, departing for the buffet. Nanako
studied the plate. She had wanted to try a variety of things, but…the cake did look really
good. 



“Is cake all you’re gonna eat…?” Nanako asked Ann. 

“Yeah, why?” 

“I don’t know. It feels wrong. Like I need a permission slip from my dad.” 

“The quality is amazing. I don’t know when I’ll ever be able to eat cake like this again. I
don’t want to die with any cake regrets,” Ann said. “But if you want to get something else, go
for it.” 

“I mean…the other food looks good, but I’m a pretty good cook, so I could make most of that
stuff…these cakes require rare ingredients, specialized tools, and a lot of time I don’t have…
soooo, really, if I wanted to maximize the experience, I should eat the foods that are the
hardest to replicate. Therefore, eating all this cake is really the most efficient and ethical way
to enjoy this experience,” Nanako declared. 

“Nanako…” Ann was leaning on her elbow, her fork languidly swooping from one cake to
another. Ann had her eyes half-closed, dreamily eating the sweets. Her model-quality lips had
white frosting on the corners of her mouth. “Just eat the cake.” 

Nanako ate the cake. 

It was an amazing quality - similar to that of the strawberry cake that Haru had brought to
their club meeting that one day. But…not quite, if Nanako was being as accurate as possible.
Yes, the ingredients and technique for these desserts were excellent, much better than
anything Nanako could make herself, but these cakes were still mass-produced for all the
customers they had to deal with. That strawberry cake felt like it was specially crafted for one
singular event and a lot of care and attention had been put into it. 

Still, Nanako was not regretting eating mostly cake. If there was room at the end, she’d go for
the sushi. Making sushi at home was very difficult. 

“Whoah, that’s a ton of food!” Ryuji said when Ren returned. Indeed, it did seem like Ren
had gathered up a bit of everything, but the choicest pieces. 

“See, this is how you eat,” Morgana said with his usual pride. 

They ate.

“Mm…I’m stuffed,” Ann declared once all of her cake was vanquished. Nanako pushed hers
forward too - though she hadn’t eaten every last sliver of cake like Ann had. Nanako had
focused on eating the best portions of each dessert and leaving a little behind so that she
might have enough room for sushi…though she wasn’t even sure that method was going to
work. 

“Dude, there’s still so much food left…” Ryuji said of Ren’s plate. Ryuji had already eaten
his meat mountain. 

“Why don’t you help him out?” Ann asked. 



“Let’s all help.” 

“No way, I can’t,” Ann said. 

“I did want to try some sushi…” Nanako mentioned. 

Ren pushed forward his plate so they all had better access. “All out attack!” 

They ate more. 

“Oof…why is there still more food…” Ryuji groaned. 

“We can just leave it,” Nanako said. “There’s no reason to hurt ourselves.” 

“Yeah, I think we have to know our limits,” Ren said. 

“Ugh…I need a restroom…” 

Ren sighed, but picked up Morgana and went with Ryuji. 

“I’m so happy,” Ann said. “I know it’s dumb to say that about cake, but…” 

“It’s okay to be happy about little things,” Nanako said. “Sometimes it’s all we have…
besides, we have a lot to celebrate. We won! It was a lot of hard work, but we won. We
helped Shiho, we helped the whole school. We can be happy.” 

“Yeah, I guess you’re right,” Ann said, her megawatt smile brighter than ever. 

“Um, Ann, you have frosting…”

“Oh!” Ann grabbed a napkin. 

“I think I want some tea. Come with?” Nanako asked. 

“Sure.” 

They got up and walked over to the drink table. Nanako poured herself a cup of soothing
green tea to help her settle her stomach. Ann got a bottle of expensive water. 

“Ack!” 

An older woman in a nice business suit crashed right into Ann. Her plate went toppling over
in a cascade of falling fish and salad greens. 

“Oh, sorry,” Ann said. 

“Why don’t you watch where you’re going!? Now I have to go back and get a whole other
plate!” 

“Hey, you bumped into me!” Ann snapped back. Nanako stepped forward.



“We’re very sorry, ma’am, can I help you clean this up?” 

“Clean it up!? No, that’s what the staff is for. And I don’t need help from brats like you
anyway,” the woman said, turning away with a huff. Two staff members appeared to clean the
floor, getting on their hands and knees.

“Ugh, how troublesome…”

“Who let these kids in here anyway?” 

Ann glowered and stormed back to the table with Nanako close behind. Soon, the boys were
back, and they looked in a foul mood, too. 

“Asshole,” Ryuji muttered. 

“What took you so long!?” Ann snapped.

“The hell are you so pissy for?” Ryuji said. 

“Ugh, sorry, just this woman bumped into me and dropped her plate then blamed me for it.” 

“She sounds like a bitch.” 

“Yeah. Well. Thanks,” Ann said, feeling a little vindicated.

“Everything okay with you?” Nanako asked.

“Just some asshole throwing his weight around when we were coming back from the
restroom. God, I can’t believe these people…they just whatever the hell they want…” 

“Maybe we’re out of place here…” Ann said, looking suddenly incredibly self-conscious. 

“We are,” Ren said, smiling. “That’s what I liked about your choice, Ann. It feels like we’re
stealing something that isn’t ours.” 

The thought seemed to cheer everyone up. Even Nanako couldn’t help but smile a little. It did
feel like they were getting away with something. 

“Hey…I just wanted to thank you two for everything,” Ren said. “Dealing with Kamoshida
couldn’t have been done without either of you to help.” 

Ryuji and Ann looked at each other, both seemed to be confused.

“What are you talking about, man? If anything, we should be thanking you.” 

“Yeah, none of this was your problem, but you put yourself in it. Both of you did,” Ann said,
looking to Nanako as well. 

“If I had been expelled, it would’ve been a huge problem for me,” Ren pointed out. 



“Me too,” Ryuji said. “Why are we arguing about who’s thanking who? It was a team
effort.” 

“Yeah. It was,” Ren said. He frowned, trying to wrestle the right words out.

“Why does it sound like you’re saying goodbye…?” Ann asked. 

“I suppose we are. The job’s over,” Ren said. 

“The hell?” Ryuji said. “I mean, yeah, we kicked Kamoshida’s ass, but there’s still a ton of
shitty adults. We just saw one. I bet that asshole has a palace, we could change his tune real
quick. Right, Morgana?” 

“Well, yes, lots of people could have palaces.” 

“So you guys are done?” Ann asked, trying to figure out what was going on. Nanako glanced
at Ren. She could tell what he was working on - the same thing he tried to do to her. Trying to
figure out how to convince them to go away, to live safer lives away from all the danger that
seemed to be swirling around him. 

“No,” Nanako interrupted. “Ren and I already decided that we’re going to keep going. But…
we didn’t want to speak for you. It is dangerous, after all. We’ll have to fight more shadows.
We could get hurt. We could die.” 

“Yeah, but check this out,” Ryuji said, scrambling to get his phone out. “People are talking all
about us.” 

“The Phantom Aficionado Website?” Ann read. She continued to read the posts on the forum.
“Thanks for giving me hope. Thank you for ending my pain…” 

“There’s still a lot of wrongs to right in the world. And besides, the adults around here were
mocking what we did with Kamoshida! They don’t believe it. I want to make them all
believe,” Ryuji said. 

“We gave other people hope…” Ann mused. “We gave them courage…the courage I didn’t
have. And the courage Shiho needed. We can help people before they get to that dark
place…” 

“I’m not giving up,” Ryuji said.

“Neither am I,” Ann said.

“Nor I,” Nanako said, staring directly into Ren’s eyes. “And I think it’s time you stop asking
us to leave you.” 

It was a pointed moment. Yes, it was about Ryuji and Ann, but Nanako and Ren both knew it
was mostly about her. Ren took off his glasses, looked her in the eye, and nodded.

The last bit of anger evaporated from Nanako’s heart. 



“Then it’s official,” Morgana said. “We are an organization of thieves out to change the hearts
of evil and explore the depths of Mementos!” 

“We should have a name. I just used Phantom Thieves of Hearts before, but it can be
whatever,” Ryuji said. 

“I want it to be cute but luxurious…how about The Diamonds?” 

“I’m getting a real little league baseball feel from that. What do you think, Ren?” 

Ren glaned around the room.

“The Buffet Brats.” 

“Veto,” Nanako said. “I actually like the Phantom Thieves of Heart, Ryuji. Besides, it’s
already what people are calling us online and in the news.” 

“Then the Phantom Thieves of Heart it is,” Morgana declared. “Now, we need a new target.”

“Something big. Something that will get everyone’s attention,” Ryuji said. 

“But I don’t want to just go after someone at random. I want to make sure we do it justly and
that we’ll help people. This isn’t for us, right?” Ann said. 

“I like that. Maybe we have to decide unanimously?” Nanako suggested.

“Yes. We’re either all in, or none at all,” Ren said. “We’ll keep each other in line. We won’t
become like those we’re trying to change.” 

They paused as a staff member walked over and quietly informed them that their time was
up. The Phantom Thieves rose as one and strode out into the hallway. Nanako couldn’t
explain it exactly, but it felt like they walked differently out of that room. 

When they were in the elevator, Nanako sidled up to Ren and rested her forehead on the back
of his shoulder. 

“Thanks,” she whispered.

He only nodded. 

Chapter End Notes

I legit named my P5R team the Buffet Brats and it makes me laugh every time.



Chapter 133: 5/5- Evening
Chapter Summary

Nanako lies on the couch.

“Hey, Nanako, Rise and I are going out to dinner. You want to come along?” Yu asked.

“Noooo…please, nooo…” Nanako’s voice came out as muffled groans as she lay face-down
on the couch. “I never want to eat again…” 

Yu and Rise glanced at each other and shrugged.

“Okay. Well, see ya later, Nanako-chan,” Rise said. They linked arms and left through the
front door, leaving Nanako to wallow on the couch and watch the TV through one half-closed
eye. 

Pi pi pi. 

Nanako groaned again and flopped her hand around the floor, trying to find where she put her
phone. Eventually her finger brushed against one smooth edge and she fumbled it around
until she lifted it up to eye level. 

SANO: Hey, Dojima. I got something I think you’ll be interested in…

SANO: Swing by tomorrow if you’re free. 

Nanako replied with a “K” and dropped the phone again. 

Pi pi pi.

Nanako found the phone a little faster this time. 

AKI-SAN: Nanako-san, are you able to take care of Mei on Friday?

AKI-SAN: I hate to ask so soon after the holiday. 

NANAKO: No problem, Aki-san. I’ll be there right after school. 

She dropped the phone and shut her eyes again. Nanako figured she’d better start doing the
job. After all, she’d spent a lot of money recently, and now that there was an official Phantom
Thieves, the expenses weren’t going to drop off. 

The Phantom Thieves of Heart. 

She had set out to make a group of friends of her own. She had no idea it would be so
picaresque. 



“Are you comfortable?” 

Nanako shot up. She realized immediately that she wasn’t in the apartment anymore. She was
sitting on the ground in front of Margaret’s cell. 

“Hey, I was trying to rest,” Nanako grumbled.

“You fell asleep on the couch, which is how I was able to summon you here. Don’t worry,
you’ll be quite rested…I see your bonds have grown quite strong, and with it the strength of
your own Wild Card power.” 

“What does that mean?” Nanako asked. 

“It means that you’re going to gain further and further access to the Personas in the
Compendium. It would do you well to study them carefully. There isn’t anything I can do
now to fuse them or strengthen their power, but your brother did a good job the first time
around. His Compendium was quite thorough.” 

“So you don’t mind me continuing this work? To keep changing people’s hearts?” 

“Even if I did mind, it’s not my place to pass judgment. I am simply an attendant. But if you
want to know what I think…well, I’m rather impressed by you.” 

“Thank you,” Nanako said, and meant it. She wasn’t sure why. Perhaps it was because
Margaret knew about her big bro’s story. She had the perspective to know whether or not
Nanako was doing well. 

“A thief who seeks out justice…” Margaret mused.

“Quite a contradiction,” Nanako cut in. “But I’m starting to manage it.”

Margaret smiled.

“Sleep well, Justice of Fools.” 

======

SOCIAL LINK RANK UP

Judgment: The Phantom Thieves of Heart

Rank 1 



Chapter 134: 5/6 - Morning
Chapter Summary

Nanako goes to PE.

The whispers were rampant. 

“Why are we here?” 

“Man, I thought they’d give us some study hall time. Exams are next week!” 

“Who do you think they convinced to do this? Kawakami-sensei?” 

“No way, she already looks so tired, there’s no way she could lead PE.” 

Nanako, Ren, and Ann stood around the gym with the rest of their class waiting for PE to
start. Nanako was just as surprised as anyone else that they hadn’t cancelled PE. That
morning’s news had confirmed that Kamoshida had been formally charged and arrested and
was being held without bail. A few more students had been interviewed. Principal
Kobayakawa had made a very brief appearance to say that investigations were on-going, that
he nor anyone else at the school knew what was happening, and so forth. 

Nanako figured that the very last thing the school wanted was to bring attention to any part of
PE. Why not just cancel it, give them time to study for exams, and make people happy? 

“Hello class,” a voice called out. The gym door slammed shut behind the teacher with a
resounding boom. “Please line up. I’ll be taking attendance, so when I call your name please
say ‘here.’” 

Nanako realized her jaw was dropped wide open. She forced her mouth shut and glanced at
Ren. Ren looked impassive as ever, his posture modified down into his unassuming slouch,
his glasses obscuring his eyes. But even through all that, Nanako could see he was just as
surprised as she was. 

“Oh, right, sorry, forgot to introduce myself. My name is Yosuke Hanamura, and I’m going to
be filling in as your PE teacher.” 

He smiled. He wore a bright red Shujin Academy jacket, white t-shirt, and black track pants
over some sneakers. He held a clipboard and went to work taking attendance, checking off
names as he did.

“Dojima?” 



“H-here,” Nanako said, surprised at her own meekness. Yosuke didn’t look up or seem to
acknowledge her any differently, just kept moving on to the next name. 

“Well, let’s not dance around the elephant in the room,” Yosuke said, holding his clipboard at
his hip. “What your previous PE teacher did was pretty horrible, and I’m glad he’s going to
be facing justice. You might be feeling and thinking a lot of conflicting things, so if you need
to excuse yourself to go talk to the school counselor, you can go at any time during this class
- today, or any other day.” 

“Additionally, I don’t know how he ran PE, but here we are focusing on getting some
exercise and having a little fun. You spend a lot of hours sitting and studying, but our minds
work better when our bodies work better. So for today, just break up into some groups and
play around with the basketballs. You can start a little game if you want or just shoot for fun.
The only requirement is you need to move around. If you don’t want to play basketball, you
can walk laps around the court. And if you have any other questions, feel free and stop by
and introduce yourself.” 

Yosuke blew on the whistle. Students dispersed, whispering amongst themselves.

“Whoah, this guy is super nice, where’d they find him?” 

“Hah, they had to find the nicest guy to take over for Kamoshida. School is probably
panicking right now and trying to get on everyone’s good side.” 

“Do you think he’s going to take over for the volleyball team?” 

Nanako waited in place. Most of the boys ran off to start playing basketball, while most of
the girls went off to walk laps. Ann and Ren grabbed a ball and an empty hoop and started
idly shooting back and forth, both of them keeping an eye on Nanako. She saw Ren whisper
something to Ann, who then nodded. 

Finally, Yosuke was alone.

“What the heck are you doing here!?” Nanako hissed. 

“It’s nice to see you too, Nanako-chan. Why yes, I did find a good place to live, thank you for
asking. No, it’s not strange to be back in the city after all those years in Inaba, I find myself
quite at home,” Yosuke replied to the imaginary questions, his answers dripping with
sarcasm. 

“Seriously, did my dad send you here to spy on me?” Nanako demanded .

“Haha, no way! Doijma-san isn’t like that! You remember when you asked me to write that
letter of recommendation for you when you wanted to transfer? Well, it turns out that I know
one of the people on the school board from back in my university days. He saw my name and
remembered it and when they needed someone to fill-in quickly, they called me up. I moved
over Golden Week.” 

“But what about Yasogami High?” 



“They’re fine, they found a substitute. I don’t think I’ll be here that long - I’m just filling in
until they can find a suitable replacement for Kamoshida.” 

“Oh. Okay.” 

“You don’t seem happy to see me,” Yosuke noted. 

Nanako frowned. How did she feel about this? There was some element of suspicion running
in the back of her head, but it didn’t have anything to do with her dad. Even as she had
accused him of sending Yosuke, she had known it wasn’t true. But it seemed too unlikely that
Yosuke would randomly appear at her school. Of all the teachers in Japan, was he really the
only one that could step in? 

Did Naoto send him? 

That was an interesting idea, but one she would have to ponder for a while. For the moment,
she took a quick inventory on how she felt about Yosuke being there and came to a
conclusion.

“I’m actually glad you’re here,” she said, letting out a breath. “Just…don’t embarrass me,
okay?” 

“Did I ever back in Inaba?” 

“No,” Nanako said. “That’s true. Sorry, I just…”

“I get it,” Yosuke said. “Now stop hanging out with your teacher and go.” 

Nanako nodded and walked back to Ren and Ann. Ann threw the ball. It struck the front of
the rim and bounced right back into her hands.

“Stupid ball…” 

“What’s Hanamura-sensei doing here?” Ren asked. 

“He said he was asked to fill in. I guess he knows someone on the school board.” 

“Do you believe him?” 

“No. But I can’t think of why he’d actually be here.” 

“Is he a danger to us?” Ann asked. 

“Oh, no, not at all! Whatever reason he’s here, he’ll be on our side. He’s a good friend,”
Nanako said. Ann shrugged. 

“Great, then it doesn’t seem like we need to worry about him. The cops, on the other
hand…” 

“What cops?” Nanako asked.



“There are detectives asking questions around the school today,” Ren said. “They’re trying to
keep a low profile, but word has spread quickly.”

 “Then we need to try and act as normal as possible for the next few days,” Nanako said. 

She glanced at Yosuke, who was now shooting a few baskets with a group of boys. 

Maybe Yosuke’s goofy sunshine personality was exactly what Shujin Academy needed right
now. 

=====

SOCIAL LINK RANK UP

The Moon: Yosuke Hanamura

Level 1



Chapter 135: 5/6 - After School
Chapter Summary

Nanako gets a hat.

Pi pi pi. 

RYUJI: I can’t figure out who our next target should be. I did a buncha research online, but
nothing yet.

ANN: I’ll look online too. 

NANAKO: That’s not a bad idea, but don’t forget we have exams next week! 

NANAKO: Have you guys been studying?

RYUJI: Aw, come on! Why do you always bring that up? 

REN: We need to blend in for now. Too many people investigating Kamoshida. 
ANN: Ren’s right. We should probably study…but I hate it…

NANAKO: You can do it, I believe in you! I’m tutoring Ryuji this week if anyone wants to
come.

ANN: I’ll go too. 

REN: Let me know the time. 

Nanako slipped her phone away and looked out the window of the train as she rode the line
down to Ueno, to Sano’s shop. She too had been contemplating the next target for the
Phantom Thieves, and as usual had started a list. She unsnapped the Compendium and
reached into the cover to pull out the piece of paper she had started her list on. She couldn’t
leave an incriminating list like this just lying around, so she had hoped that by hiding it in the
Compendium, which made itself unimportant to everyone else, that it might keep it safe. 

She unfolded the list and read it. 

Option 1: Chie? 

Not that Chie was the option, but Chie could be a source of information. As a police officer,
she would know if there were any heavily ingrained criminals within Tokyo that they might
be able to get. Dad had even said that there were times in Inaba where there were known
criminals who had too many connections or were too clever to get caught. Heck, most of the
yakuza operated that way. But people like that probably wouldn’t be well-known to the
public, so she would have to get some inside information. 

Really the person she would get the best information from was Naoto, but that was way too
risky…

Option 2: Rise and Yu. 



The stories Rise had told about the idol industry could be outright horrific. Fortunately
nothing like that had ever happened to her, and Rise had always been clever enough to avoid
bad managers and keep her career on track. But there had to be plenty of pretty and talented
girls who were being taken advantage of. Nanako could start by reading all of big bro’s old
idol articles and finding common names and themes. Then all she would have to do was ask
Rise the right questions. 

Option 3: Kunikazu Okumura. 

This one was a stretch, Nanako knew that. Maybe it was just her disdain for Crawbucks
sludge-coffee, or just the stories she’d read about the poor working conditions, but the idea of
taking down the heartless CEO of a mega-corporation really resonated with Nanako. But, she
had to admit that she would need to do a lot of research before she put that name forward.
Just because there were rumors in the news about the poor working conditions didn’t mean
they were true. 

Bad coffee wasn’t enough of a reason to change someone’s heart. 

She folded the list and sipped it back into the cover of the Compendium, then got off the
train. She walked down to Sano’s family shop, where he was busy at work sewing a pair of
fine leather shoes together.

“Hey hey, Dojima! You made it! You’re gonna be so excited for this,” Sano said. He set his
tools down on his work bench and ran off to a back room. Nanako smirked, bemused. 

“I am? I don’t remember ordering anything from you,” Nanako said. 

“You didn’t, but this isn’t even leather,” Sano called out. “Okay, close your eyes and hold out
your hands.” 

“You’re assuming I trust you that much, huh?” 

“Come on, just do it,” Sano called. Nanako smiled and shut her eyes, holding both hands out
in front of her, palms up. She felt a soft object land in her palms. She opened her eyes.

It was a baseball cap. 

The cap was green with a white front. The front had a strange black symbol on the front that
looked like if a shepherd’s crook was made out of a lightning bolt. 

“It’s perfect, right?!” Sano said, his eyes wide with excitement. 

“Um…perfect for…?” 

Sano crossed his arms and shook his head. “Now, now, Dojima.  I know you guys were trying
to be secretive about your cosplay, but once Takamaki ordered the whip, I figured it out.” 

“R-really?” Nanako stammered.

“Yep! See?” 



Sano reached underneath the counter then slapped down a manga. 

“Gotcha!” 

Nanako picked it up. 

The cover said “Library Chicks.” On the left was a girl wearing very short jean shorts and a
thigh-holster, just like the one Nanako had. She also wore black boots and a black tanktop
with green letters that looked like they had been hastily spray-painted on with the word
“READ” in English. Over the tanktop, the girl wore a brown leather jacket. The girl also had
a leather bookstrap, just like the one Nanako used for the Compendium, and wore the same
baseball cap that was now in her hands, with her hair being pulled in a ponytail through the
back. She also wore reflective aviator sunglasses.

On the right was another girl. This one was wearing cowboy boots and long jeans and what
could only be described as a leather corset for a top - the garment pressing her body into a
sexy hourglass shape. This girl’s arms were bare save for a tattoo on her left arm that had the
same symbol as the hat. She also wore a dark brown fedora and carried a whip. She was very
much a “sexy Indiana Jones.” 

“Ah…hahaha…yeah…you got me…” Nanako said. She felt sweat forming on her forehead. 

“This is so cool! Nobody ever cosplays Library Chicks. Probably because it has too many
leather pieces. This is definitely the best option to showcase my talent! I can’t believe you
guys didn’t tell me before.” 

“Well…you know…nobody’s ever done it so we were nervous…” 

“I understand. But I can do it! It’s all about keeping the leather supple enough to move in but
strong enough to hold its shape. It’s definitely going to be a challenge, but I’m up for it! In
fact, I’ll start on the jacket today if you want. And because I’m so excited about it, I’ll even
give you guys a discount!”

“Sure, that’ll be great,” Nanako said, forcing her smile to stay as bright as possible. 

“…Hey, is Takamaki really gonna wear that corset?”

“Y-yep. She sure is,” Nanako said through her smile. 

“Wow. Well, she’s gonna make a great Sora-chan. Thanks for letting me be a part of this,
Dojima.” 

“Sure thing…wouldn’t have it any other way…hey uh, is this a new issue?” Nanako asked of
the manga.

“Yeah, the latest one. You wanna borrow it?” 

“Please?” 

“Go for it. It’s a good one.” 



 Nanako slipped the manga into her bag. 

“Well, I gotta get going. Thanks for showing me this. How much do I owe you for the cap?” 

“Nothing, it’s on the house. Think of it as an apology for finding out your secret.” 

Sano smiled. For a moment, Nanako’s heart skipped a beat. He was quite good looking when
he was fired up like this - especially with his strong arms and his leather smell. Nanako shook
it off.

“See ya later, Sano.” 

“Bye, Kira-chan.” 

Nanako smiled again and head out. Kira-chan must be the name of her character. 

The character she was going to cosplay.

With Ann. 

Nanako winced. 

Maybe she’d wait a while before she told Ann about Sora-chan and her outfit…

======

SOCIAL LINK RANK UP

Strength: Satoishi Sano 

Level 3



Chapter 136: 5/6 - Evening
Chapter Summary

Nanako goes to the gym.

“Waaa-tah~!”

The foot impacted against the punching bag with a resounding thwack.

“Waa…tah…”

The second foot was more a gentle nudge. Nanako lowered her leg from the kick and
stumbled back onto the mat, landing inelegantly on her butt. She was panting and sweating.
Chie turned around.

“You okay, Nanako-chan?”

“Yeah…just…more out of shape…than I thought…” Nanako said between gasps. Chie
chuckled and lowered her hand. Nanako grabbed it, and Chie hefted her up easily.

“Let’s take a break,” Chie said, guiding Nanako back to the bench with their stuff. They were
once again at Tartarus Gym after Chie had texted Nanako and asked if she wanted to keep up
their training. Unfortunately, despite all her Phantom Thief activity, Nanako’s physical shape
was still nowhere near the level of Chie’s.

“How’s Inaba?”

“About the same,” Nanako said, slurping her water. “Yukiko told me about the inn expansion.
Sounds like a lot.”

“Yeah. I hope she does it though, I think she can pull it off. I keep telling her to do it. Also, I
just want to see her more,” Chie admitted.

“Kanji has a new social media expert. He’s uh…interesting,” Nanako said.

“Kind of a tryhard?”

“Yeah, I guess,” Nanako said. Chie rolled her eyes.

“Well, I’m sure Kanji isn’t going to put up with it for very long. I’m sure he’ll lose his
patience and throw him out - literally.”

They laughed at that.



“It’s weird that Yosuke’s here, though,” Nanako mentioned.

Chie did a spit take with her water.

“What!?”

“You…didn’t know?” Nanako said, her attention suddenly focusing in. Now this was an
interesting development.

“What do you mean he’s here?” Chie demanded, looking around the gym.

“No, not here, I just mean in Tokyo. He started working at my school today.”

“For real!? Doing what?”

“Filling in for the PE teacher,” Nanako said.

“PE!? What the hell is he doing!? Grr, that jerk, why would he move to Tokyo and not tell
me? What an idiot, I can’t believe he’s still so insensitive after all these years,” Chie
grumbled. She dug into her bag and looked for her phone and started furiously tapping on the
screen with her thumbs.

“Having boy troubles?” a deep, mellow voice interrupted. Chie yelped and tossed her phone
into the air as an instinct. Nanako froze, her body unsure of how to act, watching as the green
cased phone flipped end over end in the air. There was already a crack in the screen - Nanako
was sure it wasn’t going to survive another impact.

A hand snapped it out of the air.

Nanako looked at the guy. The first word that leapt to her mind was hunky. He was wearing
shorts and a red tight fitting long-sleeved training shirt. Very tight. As in, Nanako could see
every rippling muscle, of which there were many. He had platinum colored hair and a calm
aura. He looked like some sort of sexy angel.

“Hahaha, hey, Sanada!” Chie said, her cheeks burning bright tomato red. “No, no, not at all.
He’s definitely not a boy. Well, you know, that in that way. He’s just an idiot friend. No
boyfriend here. Just me, single as can be.”

The guy, Sanada, smiled and handed her the phone back.

“I’m Nanako Dojima,” Nanako offered, giving a polite bow. “Chie was just showing me
some amazing kung fu moves.”

“Akihiko Sanada,” he replied. “Good to meet you. But she’s really trying to sell you on kung
fu, eh? I guess it’s all right.”

“All right?” Chie said with a mixture of what Nanako thought might be flirting and genuine
anger. She put her phone away and stood, setting her hands on her hips. “Kung fu is the
birthplace of all martial arts! It’s over 4,000 years old!”



“Yeah, but it’s inefficient,” Akihiko said. He dropped into a low boxing stance and began
peppering the air with extremely rapid strikes. “Boxing is called the sweet science for a
reason. It’s efficient, practical, and a far superior workout. Not to mention much more
effective in self-defense.”

“Uh huh, sure, way more effective in self-defense if you’re fighting someone in a ring with a
ref. Kung fu is wordly and experienced, capable of handling anything you throw at it.”

“Mm. Not unlike you, eh Satonaka?” Akihiko said with a flirtatious grin.

Chie blushed brighter.

“You know, Chie is an amazing fighter and investigator,” Nanako said, trying to launch into
wing-woman mode. “She saved my life when I was a kid. I was kidnapped and she helped
find me.”

“Really?” Akihiko said, looking impressed. “Then you truly are a marvel. Which is why I
hate to do this, but…can I ask you for a favor?”

“Sure,” Chie said. The two of them took a few steps away from Nanako and began speaking
in a low voice. Nanako couldn’t hear exactly what was being said. She guessed that Sanada
was a cop too - why else would Chie know him? Additionally, cops just had a thing about
them that Nanako had learned to recognize over the years. So they were probably talking
cop-stuff.

Nanako thought about Chie’s reaction to Yosuke. She really hadn’t known - Chie was in no
way that good of an actor. If that was the case, was Yosuke telling the truth? Was he really
just randomly moving to Tokyo to help out an old friend in a tight spot?

Her gut kept telling her that it wasn’t the case. Which meant that if someone else was helping
Yosuke move along, then they had left Chie out of the loop.

Naoto?

Yu?

Both could do it. They were clever enough. But why not include Chie? Chie would find out
eventually, no doubt.

Maybe this was the reaction they wanted, though. Maybe they knew Nanako would tell Chie,
Chie would act this way, and throw Nanako off the trail.

But that couldn’t be right. Naoto was brilliant, but she couldn’t predict the future. Nanako
decided she’d have to look into it more with a few careful questions.

Akihiko and Chie finished their talk and came over to Nanako again.

“Hey, why don’t you take one of these?” Akihiko said, handing her a card. “Free
membership. Come by whenever you want.”



“Um, thanks! But is that really okay?”

“He owns the place,” Chie explained.

“Half-owns it. You want to buy half a gym, Dojima-san?”

“Don’t do it, Nanako, he’s a snake in the grass,” Chie said, sticking her tongue out at him.
Akihiko laughed.

“Thanks again, Satonaka.” He turned and headed towards the locker room. Nanako jabbed
Chie in the side with her elbow.

“What?” Chie whispered.

“Do something! Say something cool and flirty!” Nanako whispered back. Chie looked
panicked but managed to call out.

“Hey!”

Akihiko turned around.

“You can call me C-Chie,” Chie said.

Akihiko lit up like a Christmas tree.

“Okay. Then call me Akihiko.”

“S-sure, A-akihiko.”

When he was gone, Chie jabbed Nanako with her elbow.

“What did you make me do that for!?”

“What, you just needed a push! You wanted to do that, admit it.”

“I did not!”

“He’s hot, Chie. Congratulations!” Nanako said.

“It’s nothing yet, stop it.”

“Yet?”

“Ugh! Why are you teasing me, stop it! I’m supposed to tease you!”

The two of them toweled off and headed to the front door themselves. Chie walked Nanako
to her train station.

“What favor did he want?”



“Hm? Oh. Work stuff. Akihiko’s working on a big case and he needs me to cover some other
stuff,” Chie sighed.

“You don’t want to?”

“Oh, I definitely want to! It’s just…now I’ve got the special investigation team, covering
some of Akhiko’s work, and on top of all of that the chief just assigned me to a bunch of
pointless security details.”

“Why?”

“To punish me for doing a cool move…sigh. I’m going to be working non-stop forever…”

Nanako pat her on the shoulder.

“Well, at least Akihiko will owe you, right? I bet that gym has a nice hot shower and a
massage table. He can melt all your cares away~”

“Stop, Nanako!”

======

SOCIAL LINK RANK UP

The Sun: Chie Satonaka

Level 1

 



Chapter 137: 5/7 - Morning
Chapter Summary

Nanako reads.

“Have you all seen the advertisements around the city? In about a week, the great Japanese
artist Ichiryusai Madarame is going to have an exhibit, right here in the city,” Inui-sensei said
from the front of the classroom. 

“They say that he’s the epitome of the modern Japanese artist, the artist who defines how
present day Japan is depicted throughout the world. Japan has often had a hard time
establishing its definitive artistic styles because of the upheaval in our history. For example,
the Meiji Restoration redefined Japanese style irrevocably. The end of World War II did the
same. In fact, one of Japan’s most famous musical styles is actually a modern creation. Do
you know what it is…Dojima-san?” 

Nanako looked up from her desk, panicked. She had been trying to sneak a few pages of
“Library Chicks”, which was a manga apparently about two women living in a post-
apocalyptic world crusading around trying to save all of the knowledge from civilization. It
was more engaging than Nanako wanted to admit, and now she was drawing a complete
blank about Japanese musical styles.

“Coughko,” Ren coughed into his hand. Nanako frowned and looked at the back of his head.
“Tai-cough,” he coughed again. 

“He’s saying ‘taiko,’” Morgana explained from inside his desk perch.

“Taiko drumming,” Nanako said quickly. Inui-sensei looked impressed. 

“Ah, very good Dojima-san. While Taiko drums themselves are a very ancient invention, the
taiko drum performances you see today were actually invented in the 1950s by jazz drummer
Daihachi Oguchi.” 

The class murmured impressed.

“Thanks,” she whispered ahead of her. 

Ren adjusted his glasses. 



Chapter 138: 5/7 - After School
Chapter Summary

Nanako ambushes.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Today was the day that Nanako would spend her first day looking after Mei. 

She left immediately after school to get onto the train that would take her into Mei’s very
wealthy neighborhood. While she rode, she rifled through her bag, checking her study
schedule, checking messages on her phone, and updating herself on the latest news. 

A flash of red, black, and white drew her attention. 

Sitting on the opposite end of the train car was another Shujin student. Like Nanako, she
chose the suspender look to attach to her plaid skirt. She had long black hair and red-rimmed
glasses. She had a notebook open and was scribbling away on it furiously. 

Pi pi pi. 

It was just Yu asking what dinner plans were. Nanako texted back that she should be home in
time to make dinner for everyone. Just as she finished, the train announced her stop. Nanako
gathered everything up and left the train. The walk was a bit longer than getting driven by
private car, but it was actually fun to walk through the wealthy neighborhood and admire the
beautiful houses and the well-cared for trees and street lights. 

Nanako turned up some pedestrian stairs that would take her up the hill when she saw
something out of the corner of her eye again - another flash of red and white. The girl from
the train had disembarked and was walking along the same path Nanako had taken. 

Weird. 

Nanako ignored it and climbed the stairs, which seemed just a bit harder to do thanks to all of
Chie’s training. Her legs were a bit sore, so she stopped at the top of the stairs to take a rest.

The girl was climbing the stairs. 

Something sunk in Nanako’s belly. This girl was following her, wasn’t she? She wasn’t sure
why, but a hundred thoughts hit her at once. Did Kamoshida have loyal followers that were
looking for revenge? No, that wouldn’t make sense, nobody knew Nanako had anything to do
with it.



But Ren and Ryuji’s names were strongly attached to the rumors about Kamoshida and his
sudden change of heart. Ann too, though opinion was mixed about her since Kamoshida had
called her out as a victim. But if people were suspicious of Ren, it wouldn’t be a far jump for
people to be suspicious of her. Ren might be notorious, but Nanako was always hanging
around him. 

Nanako found the energy to move and started down the street a bit faster. The street ahead
curved gently to the left, which would then get to another uphill street that would lead
directly to Aki-san’s house. Nanako kept her gaze straight ahead, studying the path. There
were no houses on the last hill, just grass, which meant that if this girl was going to
physically attack her, that would be the place to do it. Even if she screamed, fought back, and
made a fuss, Nanako could get seriously hurt before help arrived.

Right now, though, there were plenty of houses, several with their own private walkways. 

She had to make a decision. 

Confront the girl here, or risk trying to get to Aki-san’s before she caught up.

Nanako wasn’t sure she could outrun the girl, considering her weakened state. She’d have to
try the ambush approach. 

It was more Phantom Thief-y of her to do that, anyway. 

Nanako turned abruptly and slipped down one of the walkways, turning out of sight. She
leaned against the wall, waiting as she listened to the steady footsteps of the girl getting
closer and closer.

What would Ren do in this situation? 

Nanako waited. 

The girl passed the corner without noticing Nanako. Nanako took a step into the street and
silently got as close as she could to the girl’s back.

“Why are you following me?” Nanako asked.

The girl yelped and spun, causing her to trip. She fell backwards and landed on her butt while
her notebook scattered onto the ground, along with her glasses. 

“W-what? I’m not following you! I live here!” The girl shot back. 

“You…you do?” Nanako asked. “In this house?” 

“No, that one! Not that it’s any of your business.” 

The girl pointed up at Aki-san’s house as she picked herself up and gathered her glasses and
notebook. Nanako tensed, adjusting her grip on the Compendium in case she needed to use it
as a weapon.



“You don’t live there. There’s only one daughter there, and she’s a lot younger than you are,”
Nanako said accusingly. The girl finished putting on her glasses.

“What…? Oh wait, you’re Dojima. The new girl who hangs out with Amamiya…are you
really crazy? Are you going to cut me with a knife?” 

“W-what? No, you’re the one following me! I work at that house!” 

“You do? Doing what?” 

“I watch over the little girl there,” Nanako said, defensively. The other girl knit her brows
together in thought.

“Oh, I see. You’re the new girl watching Mei.” 

“Yeah,” Nanako said. The edge of her paranoia was starting to wear off now and being
rapidly replaced by embarrassment. “Wait, you’re Mei’s sister?” 

“Step,” the girl said. “I’m Yuzu Noriyaki.” 

“Nanako Dojima,” Nanako said with the most formal of bows. “But I guess you knew that.”

“It’s my job to know. I’m the newspaper club president,” Noriyaki said, adjusting her
glasses. 

“I’m very sorry about scaring you. I guess I was just nervous.” 

Noriyaki sighed. “Well, I guess I can’t blame a girl for being too careful. Come on, let’s go.” 

Noriyaki started up the hill. Nanako rushed to walk alongside her, though Noriyaki didn’t
seem that ethused about having a walking partner. Still, the silence was very uncomfortable,
and Nanako’s compulsion to be friendly to everyone spurred her mouth. 

“So…your mom is married Aki-san?” 

“Yes.” 

“Do you and Mei get along?” 

“Not at all. That’s why you’re taking care of her instead of me. I want nothing to do with
either of them,” Norikyaki replied. “And to be honest, I’m not sure why I’m telling you
this.” 

“Well, uh…you could ask me questions if you want? You’re the newspaper club president,
after all.” 

“Did Amamiya do something to Kamoshida?” 

“What do you mean?” Nanako said without a second of hesitation. She had been expecting
that. Norikyaki looked at Nanako.



“Nevermind.” 

“Is the newspaper club busy?” Nanako asked. 

“I’m the only member. All of the others graduated last year, and I couldn’t recruit anyone.” 

“Oh. I’m sorry.” 

“It happens. Why are you so chatty and sweet?” 

“I um…I don’t know,” Nanako said. 

“Hm. You’re nothing like the rumors say. You remind me of Okumura.” 

Nanako frowned. “Okumura?” 

“Yeah, you know. Haru Okumura.” 

A hundred questions rushed to Nanako’s head but were cut off by Norikyaki opening the
front door to the house. Nanako hadn’t even realized they’d arrived.

“Well, see ya around, Dojima,” Norikyaki said as she removed her shoes and strode inside. 

“Yeah…bye…” 

Chapter End Notes

Time for some BEHIND THE SCENES ACTION!

So I originally wrote that I had to have 3 OCs to fill my missing Social Link Arcanas.
But, because I am easily distracted, I didn't realize that I never gave an Arcana for Rise!
So I had to go back and move a few around (Akechi went from Hanged Man to Jester,
Kanji moved from Magician to Hanged Man, and Rise got Magician.)

That meant that I only needed 2. I had already made Sano, so I wanted to continue in the
Persona tradition of having at least one little kid SL. Priestess was the only Arcana I had
left to fill, so I made Mei.

But then I was playing P5R. The first couple times I played P5, I didn't actually go
around and talk to people at the school after the initial Kamoshida investigations, so I
didn't realize there were all these side stories going on! I thought the Newspaper Girl
was really interesting and immediately wished she had been an SL, but I had
LITERALLY just written the Mei posts.

Soooo I glued them together. Hooray!

Anyway, that's your behind the scenes peak for today.






Chapter 139: 5/7 - After School
Chapter Summary

Nanako plays again.

Yuzu Norikyaki was gone before Nanako had finished taking off her shoes, already vanishing
into the depths of the large house.

What a strange girl,
Nanako thought. But she wasn’t being paid to worry about her, so she put
it out of mind. Instead she walked into the house until she reached the main living room,
where she had first met Mei. The flowing sound of classical piano echoed through the
hallway. Mei was playing a very quick pieces, hitting the keys with virtuoso precision.
Nanako recognized the piece - Stravinksy Trois mouvements de Petrouchka pour piano
,
movement I, Danse russe
.

It was a hard piece and impressive, even though Nanako could hear the mistakes Mei was
making. But even when the girl made a mistake, she would stop, take a moment, then slowly
work through the issue.

Nanako stood in the room for a few moments and watched her play. Mei continued working
on the piece until she noticed Nanako, at which she abruptly stopped.

“You can keep practicing if you want,” Nanako said.

“No, thank you,” Mei said, immediately folding the grand piano lid shut on the keys. “I’m
glad you’re here. I want to ask you a question.”

“Oh, well sure thing, Mei-chan.”

Nanako watched as Mei sat down at a dining table. It sleek and black, much like the grand
piano. Nanako took a seat at the other end of it. Despite the fact that the girl was nine,
Nanako felt a sudden nervousness, as if she were about to be interviewed for a job. Or
interrogated at a police station.

“How did you do it?” Mei asked. Nanako folded her hands in her lap.

“Do what?”

“Play like you did. How did you do it?”

“I…just played?” Nanako said. “Surely you’ve played Moonlight Sonata
before?”

“I have. But not like that.”



“I didn’t think it was anything special,” Nanako said.

“That would depend on how you define special,” Mei said. “It wouldn’t earn you a concerto
or a recital hall. But there was something about how you played that I haven’t been able to
replicate.”

“You really enjoy the piano, huh?”

“Yes. I plan on becoming the greatest pianist in all of Japan,” Mei said. She spoke with an
even conviction that made Nanako believe that she might actually do it someday. “But now
matter how many times I try, I haven’t been able to play the piece the same way you did.”

“Well, we are different people,” Nanako pointed out. “Nobody is ever going to play the same
piece the same way.”

“That’s not what I mean,” Mei said, starting to sound noticeably irritated.

“Then what do you mean?”

“I don’t know!”

Mei shut her eyes and took a deep breath, regaining her composure.

“Perhaps there was something in your training. Where did you learn?”

“In my hometown of Inaba. There’s a little piano school there with three teachers. I started
when I was seven and I took lessons there until last year.”

“And you came to Tokyo to find better teachers?”

“Haha, no, I don’t have any goals of professional piano playing. I stopped last year when I
started high school. I wanted to focus more on my grades and preparing for university.”

“I see. Understandable. Why did you start playing piano in the first place?”

“My mom, I suppose. She used to be a teacher at the same little piano school in Inaba. I
thought it would be a nice way to connect better with her. I also really enjoy classical piano
music, and I do miss playing it now and again. I don’t have a piano where I live right now.”

Mei took this in quietly, nodding slowly as if she were putting all this information together
into some sort of conclusion.

“Would you play for me again?” Mei asked.

“Um, I guess so? Are you sure you don’t want to do something more fun? I brought all my
Detective Loveline DVDs, I loved that show when I was your age-”

“Play. If you please. Anything you want.”



Nanako shrugged and stood up and walked over to the piano. She adjusted the bench, spread
her skirt so she could sit on properly, and lifted the key cover. Nanako stretched her fingers
and played some scales and arpeggios to warm up. Some of it was coming straight back to
her, much like the day she had earned her job with Mei. But there were other parts of her that
ached, especially in the muscles in her forearms which had grown weak. Piano playing
strengthened muscles that most people didn’t even know they had.

“Anything?” Nanako asked.

“Yes. Anything.”

Nanako shrugged again and thought. She had memorized a lot of pieces over the years, but
she wasn’t probably ready to do anything particularly technical. She could always fall on
Beethoven, which was probably still her favorite piano composer. That or Chopin. She could
never make up her mind about it.

She started to play Fur Elise
.

Again, this was something that Mei had no doubt played. It was famous, gentle, beautiful,
and not particularly difficult technically. She played through the very famous opening and her
mind started to drift.

Fur Elise had a dark elegance that brought to mind Nanako in a ball gown - ice blue with
sparkles dripping across the skirt, the back of the dress plunging down to reveal her back, and
with long elegant gloves that went to her elbows. In her mind, Ren danced with her, dressed
in a formal version of his Joker outfit, his heavy coat being replaced with dashing cape.

“There! Stop!”

Nanako stopped.

“That. How did you do that?”

Nanako shrugged. “I…really don’t know what you’re talking about, Mei-chan. I’m sorry. I
just played.”

“There has to be something. At first it was mediocre at best and then…something changed.
Something…moved me.”

“I mean I was…thinking about something…” Nanako said, feeling suddenly embarrassed.

“What?”

“Well. I was thinking about how it felt and about people who made me feel the same way.”

“I don’t understand,” Mei said.

“Um. Well. I don’t know how else to explain it. I’ll think about it though, maybe I can make
it clearer.”



“I would appreciate that,” Mei said.

The conversation stopped as Noriyaki entered the room. She had changed out of her uniform
into a pair of sweatpants and a lounge shirt. She walked into the kitchen, grabbed a few items
from the fridge, then walked out again. She didn’t look at either of them.

“Mei-chan, do you get along with your sister?” Nanako asked.

“No. She wants nothing to do with me,” Mei said flatly.

“That’s pretty harsh of her.”

“I don’t blame her,” Mei said. “My father is a dithering buffoon and an embarrassment. I am
his daughter, and thus an extension of him.”

“She shouldn’t be so harsh to him either.”

“I don’t want anything to do with my father, either. I can’t fault her for wanting the same. Do
you understand the situation now, Nanako-san?”

“I think so,” Nanako said. It was sad to see a family at such odds with each other, especially
since Aki-san seemed like such a kind and caring father.

“It will do you no good to try and change it,” Mei stated. “Please don’t overstep your bounds
if you wish to keep this job.”

“I understand,” Nanako said. And then a flash of inspiration struck. “You know, one of the
things that helps my piano playing is having a strong visual imagination. Do you watch much
television?”

“No,” Mei said.

“Perhaps that’s where you need some improvement. These DVDs I have can expand your
visual imagination. Maybe that’s my secret.”

“Hm. I understand. Very well, let us view this…Detective Loveline?”

“You’re gonna love it!” Nanako said. The two of them walked towards the living room and
the massive TV on the wall.

Around the corner, Noriyaki stood with her snacks in her hand, listening in. She nodded to
herself, then slipped quietly away back to her room.

=====

SOCIAL LINK RANK UP 

Priestess: Mei and Yuzu

Level 2



Chapter 140: 5/7 - Evening
Chapter Summary

Nanako studies.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Despite of, or maybe because of, all of her chastising of Ryuji, Nanako spent the evening at
the kitchen table studying. She was always grateful that school came easily to her, but never
more so than now. She had always passively studied in the past, steadily putting information
into her brain until she could comfortably recall it at will. But now she felt busier than ever
and studying always seemed to be the first thing to go. 

She had to admit there was a clutching sense of panic when she first sat down to review her
notes, but now that she was in the groove, she had regained her confidence. Exams would be
fine. 

In the background Nanako could hear the TV. Rise was on the couch watching the news,
where another set of panelists were weighing in on the Kamoshida controversy. Nanako had
to admit that she was a little surprised that it was still considered “news,” but the theatrical
aspect of the Phantom Thieves, along with the fact that Kamoshida was a gold medal
olympian, seemed to add fuel to the news-cycle fire. 

“And what do you think, Akechi-kun? Do you think this could all be an elaborate prank?” 

Nanako looked up. There he was. The cute boy from the train with the messy brown hair and
the gentle voice. 

“Well, I’m not your typical high schooler, so I don’t know if I am an expert as to what
constitutes a ‘prank’ in the mind of my peers.” 

The crowd laughed.

“But, I have yet to make a determination about what’s going on with the Kamoshida case,” he
admitted. “I feel that I will be able to share my thoughts on the matter soon.” 

“Oh, really? Being shy with your analysis, Akechi-kun? How unlike you!” the host crowed. 

“Well, I don’t like to share wild guesses. But I will say this: I don’t believe in coincidence.” 

Rise turned around on the couch. 



“Nanako, don’t ever let anyone touch you or manipulate you like that, okay? It doesn’t matter
how much power they have, how much influence, how rich they are or what they promise to
give you - or take away from you. If someone wants to do that to you, fight back!” 

“I will, Rise,” Nanako said. 

“Good. And don’t worry about what will happen to you after. I got your back. Let’s see
anyone stand up to the wrath of millions of Risette fans!” 

“Rise?” Nanako said.

“Hm?” 

“You’re kinda scary.” 

“Yeah. It’s part of my charm,” she said with a smile. 

Nanako felt her knowledge improve. 

Chapter End Notes

Hey guys, chapters might slow down just a tiny bit. I'm still aiming for 5 times a week,
but I'm starting a new novel this week so I gotta divide my writing energy carefully.
Thanks for reading!



Chapter 141: 5/8 - After School
Chapter Summary

Nanako studies.

Saturday being a half day was a perfect day to gather the group for studying.

Well. Most of the group. Ren had apparently had some other plans to attend to. 

It irked Nanako, though she wasn’t sure why. It wasn’t like she told him everything she did.
He didn’t owe her an explanation every time he didn’t want to hang out. Maybe he didn’t
need to study. Maybe he had to work at Leblanc.

Maybe he had a secret girlfriend.

She shut her eyes. That was stupid. He didn’t have a secret girlfriend. And even if he did, it
wasn’t her business. They were friends. They hadn’t said anything else. They-

“Nanako?” Ann said, gently nudging her. 

She opened her eyes. “Yes, right, studying!” 

“Dude, you’re more distracted than I am,” Ryuji said. “Let’s just call it off. There’s a cool
new action movie playing I wanna see. Let’s do that instead.” 

“Ooh, is it the one about the figure skater who’s also an assassin? I wanted to see that,” Ann
said.

“Yeah? Let’s go.” 

“Stop!” Nanako commanded. Both blondes glowered and sat back down. “This is serious,
you guys. We need to do well.” 

They were all meeting at Nanako’s place and were crowded around the dining room table. No
one was home, so they had the run of the place. Nanako had even made some light snacks,
that Ryuji had immediately inhaled. 

“We’re doing this so we don’t draw attention, right?” Ryuji asked.

“Yes,” Nanako said.

“Then I should not study. If I suddenly start doing well, it’s going to draw more attention,” he
said with a grin. 



“Come on, Ryuji, cut it out. You’re not stupid. You don’t have to score at the top of the class,
but I need you to be solidly in the middle. You need options for universities,” Nanako
explained. 

“Yeah…” Ann said with a sigh. “Nanako’s right. We better take this seriously.” 

“Psh, easy for you to say, you have a back-up plan, miss model,” Ryuji grumbled. 

“Oh, right, I do! I’m outta here.” 

“Ann!”

“Sorry.” 

It went on like this for a while. One of the blondes would get distracted, frustrated, or bored,
then create a little outburst. Nanako had then scold, beg, and trick them back into focusing.
Nanako decided that she couldn’t tutor the both of them again. At least not at the same time.

If only Ren had been there to help…

“Come on guys, just a little more,” Nanako said. “If we can get through this next section by
4, we can make it to the movie. I’ll buy you popcorn.”

“I want candy!” Ann said.

“Okay, fine, candy, whatever you want.” 

“Huh, all right, I’m down,” Ryuij said. 

Nanako started reviewing the next portion - Japanese. Ann focused and kept her pencil
moving across the page, but Ryuji immediately drooped in his chair, boredom crashing down
on him like a rolling storm cloud. 

“Hey, Ryuji,” Nanako said. “Why don’t you walk around while I’m going over this?”

“Huh? Why?” 

“Just a hunch. Try it.” 

He shrugged and got up and started pacing while Nanako went over the material. First it was
just around the table, but his loop got wider and wider until he was wandering all around the
apartment. He looked out the window. He looked at pictures on the wall. He opened and
closed the cupboards. 

Nanako asked him a question. Ryuji yawned but said the answer back. 

“Hey, you got it right!” Ann said. 

“Huh? Oh, yeah, I did. Weird, I guess I was paying attention more than I thought.” 

Nanako nodded sagely. “You might be a kinesthetic learner.” 



“Hey, I ain’t stupid, “Ryuji grumbled. Nanako shook her head. 

“No, kinesthetic, as in movement. You need to move, touch, interact with things to learn
them. It’s why you’re so good at sports and beating up Shadows but have a hard time with
remembering kanji symbols. School is all sitting and listening when you really need to be
walking around the room or doing something with your body.” 

“Huh. Yeah, I guess that kinda makes sense…” Ryuji trailed off. Ann yawned and stretched.

“Well, I’m going to use the restroom, then we can go~! I want to get there early so I can
study all the candy options.” 

Ann left. Nanako and Ryuji worked on stacking the books and notebooks.

“Hey, uh. Thanks. That helped a lot.” 

“Sure thing!” Nanako beamed. “I bet if you study on your own while moving around you’ll
have a much better effect. Maybe we can study at the park next time, we can use some
spatial-visual memory techniques.” 

“Yeah? You don’t mind?” 

“Of course not, why would I?” 

Ryuji shrugged. It was only then that Nanako realized he was a little more slumped over than
usual, acting a lot more shy than he usually did.

“Something wrong?” Nanako asked.

“Nah, nah, nothing like that. Just weird. Nobody’s ever thought I could do school before,
that’s all. I think even my mom kinda gave up after last year. I never told anybody this, but I
was thinking of dropping out this year and just getting a job. I mean, what were my entrance
exams scores gonna really get me, you know? And if university is just more the same boring
crap, then there’s no way I’m going to do well there either.”

“Don’t do that. Don’t give up on yourself. The school system doesn’t work perfectly for
everyone, but you can figure out how to make yourself get through it. Just graduate, at least.
Then you’ll have options.” 

“Yeah. Thanks, Nanako.” 

They finished cleaning up and went to the movies. 

Nanako’s guts raised from watching all that action. 

=====

SOCIAL LINK RANK UP

The Emperor: Ryuji Sakamoto

Level 3 






Chapter 142: 5/8 - Evening
Chapter Summary

Nanako is asked out.

Nanako picked up the phone on the first ring. 

“Hey,” she said, trying to sound casual. 

“Hey. How was the study session?” Ren asked. 

“Have you heard the expression ‘herding cats’?” 

“Hey, I heard that!” Morgana yelled from the background. Ren laughed. 

“Well, I’m sure they appreciated it.” 

“I could use some back up, you know,” Nanako said. “You are the leader. And I seem to
remember your test scores weren’t too shabby back in Inaba.” 

“They were okay.” 

“Yeah, and they were ‘okay’ on purpose, weren’t they?” 

“No comment,” Ren said. Nanako smiled to herself. She got him good on that one. 

“Seriously though, I think we’re studying tomorrow night too, you in?” 

“Sure. But I need a favor, first,” Ren replied.

“What is it?” 

“I’m hungry. Come with me.” 

She rolled her eyes. “You could try and ask a little nicer, you know.” 

“Sorry.” He cleared his voice.  “Miss Nanako, would you do me the honor of accompanying
me to dinner?” 

There was a shift in his voice that caught her off-guard. She was blushing furiously and felt a
little dizzy. 

“Y-yes.” 



“Great. I’ll meet you in front of your building.” 

—

Nanako leaned on the table sighed.

“I should’ve known…” 

“It’ll be different this time. I’ve been preparing for this,” Ren said with full confidence. 

“He hasn’t eaten anything since yesterday morning,” Morgana added.

“Here you are, sir! The Big Bang Burger Challenge!” 

Nanako watched him eat with calculated, ravenous precision. Halfway through he had to take
off his glasses, because they kept getting smudged with grease. He seemed to have a plan of
attack, eating in a very specific pattern, using a calculated number of chews and sipping
water in very precise amounts.

Twenty minutes later, the whole thing was gone. 

“That was…” Nanako trailed off.

“Incredible!” Morgana said. 

“Delicious,” Ren said. 

“…Gross. Super gross.” 

The waitress brought Ren his commemorative badge. Nanako sipped her own cup of water.
Watching the whole thing had initially made her nauseous, but she managed to keep it
together as they walked back home. 

Her literal guts seemed to be improving. 



Chapter 143: 5/9 - Lunchtime
Chapter Summary

Nanako tags along.

It was Sunday.

So Rise demanded the absolute freshest kaisendon for lunch.

So they all got on the train and went to Miura Beach. 

The hour train ride went by in a blur. They were definitely the loudest group on the train, but
Nanako didn’t hold back her laughter. 

Rise, Yu, and Chie had all been summoned to give Yosuke a “proper welcome” to Tokyo.
Nanako felt happy to be tagging along. There had been part of her that worried she’d feel too
much like a little kid again - a six year old hanging out with high schoolers. But the age gape
seemed to have shrunk a little, now that Nanako was closer to being an adult herself. 

She felt equal. 

It was a perfect day to head out to the beach town. The sun shone, the temperature was just
right for Nanako to wear her favorite sun dress, and they were able to eat out on a patio that
overlooked the ocean. The food was fantastic and probably extremely expensive. 

“How come the prices aren’t listed here?” Chie had asked. 

“It’s called market price, dummy,” Yosuke said with his trademark wink. “You pay at the end
based on how much you ate and how much the fish cost that day. They don’t deal with
writing prices out at a fancy place like this.” 

“Oh, I’m the dummy? You just ordered like five things on a teacher’s salary.” 

“Hnk! I forgot!” Yosuke said, cringing in his seat. Rise waved it all away.

“Stop it you guys, it’s all my treat. This is supposed to be a celebration!” 

They all raised a glass - Rise with a red wine, Yu, Yosuke, and Chie with beer, Nanako with a
glass of plain water.

Okay, so maybe she was still a little kid…

“I’m so happy my best friend is out here, even if it’s only for a little while,” Yu said.



“Oh, come on bro, cut out the mushy stuff…”

“To Yosuke!” Rise added.

The clinked glasses and kept eating. 

“Hey, where’s Naoto anyway?” Yosuke asked. Everyone glanced at Chie - very intentionally
not looking at Yu. 

“I invited her. She said she had work to catch up on,” Chie said with a shrug. 

“I’m sure we’ll have a chance to meet up,” Rise said. “You’re here for the rest of year at
least, right?” 

“Most likely. I think initially they only wanted me to cover until they found a replacement,
but the news cycle won’t let up on that asshole Kamoshida. It’s probably better for their PR if
they let some plain nobody teach PE for a while,” Yosuke explained between chews. 

“Is it harder teaching city kids?” Chie asked. 

“How should I know, I haven’t even done this a week,” Yosuke countered.

“Well, I can tell you, city crime is definitely different than country crime.” 

“Teaching isn’t like crime, Chie.” 

“Hrgh! Why do you have to contradict me every single time!” Chie said, scowling.

“Not my fault that you’re too dumb to think before you talk,” Yosuke said.

“This isn’t behavior becoming of a teacher in front of their student, Hanamura-sensei,”
Nanako said, cutting in. Yosuke looked injured. Yu and Rise laughed. 

“N-Nanako-chan, don’t take her side…!” 

“You can’t count Nanako out, Yosuke. That sweet little girl of yesteryear has grown an edge,”
Yu said. 

“Yeah, yeah, I know. High school girls are the meanest,” Yosuke said. “Then again, you
better be careful, Nanako-chan. I can make PE a lot more miserable!” 

“You wouldn’t dare!” Nanako said. 

“He wouldn’t, he’s too lazy to think of a bunch of new exercises,” Chie said. 

“You don’t have to think of new ones, just use ones that already exist,” Yosuke said, rolling
his eyes.

“You’re too lazy for that, too! You don’t even like PE,” Chie countered. 

“Hey, being a teacher is a lot of hard work! Way harder than giving out parking tickets.” 



“I don’t just give out parking tickets! And you think police work is easy? I had to chase a guy
down an escalator a few weeks ago!” 

“Yeah, but if I do my job right, then people don’t become criminals. It’s like I’m trying to
eliminate your job, actually.” 

“Well that’ll never happen if you’re the one who’s doing the teaching!” 

Yosuke sat up.

“At least they let me do the full job and not give me the bottom of the barrel grunt duties.” 

“Hey guys, I think you’re taking this a little too far…” Yu said, trying to cut in. Neither Chie
nor Yosuke seemed to hear him. 

“That’s only because I’m a girl, what’s your excuse for being demoted to PE teacher?” 

“They picked me because the situation is delicate and they trust my judgement. You only got
on the special task force because Naoto picked you.” 

“Guys-” Rise said, but was immedaitely cut off.

“At least what I’m doing is going to save lives!” Chie yelled.

“So am I! And, and, and, at least I’m not ugly!” Yosuke shot back.

“Oh yeah? If you’re so ‘not-ugly’ how come you’ve never had one successful date in your
life?!” 

Nanako stood up and raised her hands.

“No  fighting!”

Everyone stopped. A few people around the restaurant patio looked over at them. Nanako
quickly sat down. Yosuke and Chie both crossed their arms, both trying to bottle up their
tempers. 

“Apologize,” Nanako commanded.

“Sorry,” Chie spat out.

“Yeah. Me too. I got a little carried away,” Yosuke said. Chie softened at Yosuke’s sincere
apology. 

“You’re not ugly,” Chie said. 

“And neither is Chie,” Nanako said. “There’s this really hot guy at the gym who’s flirting
with her.” 

“Nanako! What are you doing!?” Chie squeaked, her face turning a shade of tomato red. 



“Ooh, really!? How hot? What’s he look like, exactly? How did you meet him?” Rise asked
in rapid fire. 

“Nothing, it’s nothing!” Chie declared. 

“He has a six pack, and he’s super chiseled,” Nanako said. “He’s got a really mellow deep
voice, but also kind eyes, and he’s super sweet.” 

“Chie, you go girl!”

“It’s nothing! Nothing is happening there!” Chie insisted. 

“Two athletic people are great for each other!” Rise said. “Same eating habits, same hobbies,
great sex…” 

“Rise!” Chie snapped. 

“What, it’s true! Right, Yu?” 

“Oh God, please don’t answer that,” Nanako pleaded. 

“I have to go the bathroom!” Chie said, leaping to her feet and rushing into the restaurant.

“I’ll go too!” Rise said in hot pursuit. 

“Get details,” Yu called after Rise. He then pat Yosuke on the shoulder. “I’ll go take care of
the bill.” 

“Sure, bro.” 

After Yu left Nanako scooted her chair close to Yosuke. He didn’t seem angry anymore
just…sad. 

“You okay?” 

“Yeah, yeah, I’m fine. Always fine,” Yosuke said with a grin. 

“Have you really never had a successful date?” 

“…No. I’ve always been a little cursed in that department, ever since Saiki-senpai…” he
trailed off. “It’s nothing. Anyway, I just haven’t found the right girl yet, you know?” 

“You sure you’re not getting in your own way a little bit?” Nanako asked. “Thinking about
this Saiki person, you know?” 

“Nah, nothing like that! Stop worrying so much. I know you’ve always been mature, Nanako,
but you don’t need to support me. I’m older, and your teacher. It’s me who’s supposed to be
supporting you.” 

Nanako could feel that Yosuke really needed her to agree to that, so she said “Yes, you’re
right. I’m really counting on you at school, Yosuke. Being a high schooler is hard.” 



“I know. I got your back, every step of the way.” 

Eventually the others came back and they finished up their food before going to walk through
the town. Chie and Yosuke were fine - it would concern Nanako more if they didn’t bicker.

But she couldn’t stop thinking about what Yosuke said. 

She made a silent promise to herself right then and there.

She was going to find him a girlfriend. 

=====

SOCIAL LINK RANK UP

The Moon: Yosuke Hanamura

Level 2



Chapter 144: 5/9 - Evening
Chapter Summary

Nanako studies.

“And then he admitted that he never had a successful date,” Nanako concluded. She was
walking with Ann down the street towards the Diner on Central Street. Nanako was still
wearing her sundress, but had on a light blue cardigan on top. Ann wore jeans, black Doc
Martens, and a cream-colored tank-top. She had her red sweater tied around her waist. 

“That’s so sad,” Ann said. “I mean, Hanamura-sensei isn’t bad looking, for a teacher.” 

“And he’s such a nice guy! I’ve known him forever, he’s basically like another older brother
to me. That’s why I’ve decided I’m going to try and get him a girlfriend,” Nanako said.

“Ooh! I wanna help! Sometimes I work with older models. Do you think he’d be interested in
dating a model?” 

“I think the words he would use are ‘yes, yes, and hell yes,’” Nanako said, doing her best
Yosuke impression. They both laughed and waited for the light to change at the crosswalk. 

“I’ll start thinking about who might be a good fit…” Ann said, trailing off. She glanced over
her shoulder one way, then the other. 

“Something wrong?” Nanako asked.

“No, I don’t think so it’s just…I’m getting this weird feeling. Like I’m being watched.” 

Nanako turned around and scanned the crowd, but nobody stood out to her as staring at
them. 

“I don’t see anyone, but I’ll keep an eye out,” Nanako said.

“No, no, don’t bother. I think I’m just a little jumpy. All that sneaking around Kamoshida’s
palace…anyway, the others are waiting, let’s go.” 

The Phantom Thieves were gathering at the diner to fuel up and study at the same time,
though Nanako was still full from the incredible lunch. Ren had his cute black sport coat on
over his white t-shirt and sat in the corner with Ryuji in a t-shirt crowding the rest of the
booth. Nanako slid in across from Ren. He was doing pencil tricks, spinning it to and fro
absently while he read through his notes. 

“Hey guys,” Ann said. “Already working hard?” 



“I guess,” Ryuji sighed. “Damn these tests. Damn school.” 

“Come on Ryuji, you gotta apply yourself. A true Phantom Thief is refined and educated and
can converse on poetry, philosophy, mathematics…” Morgana said from his nest in the bag. 

“Yeah? Recite one poem.” 

“I…uh….well, how about a haiku?” 

Morgana cleared his throat. 

“A golden beauty / a mistress of fire and whip. / Where is the sushi?”

Nanako clapped. Ren laughed. Ann looked embarrassed.

“That’s not a real haiku,” Ryuji said.

“Can you prove it?” Morgana shot back.

“Well…no! But come on, you clearly made that up! It didn’t even have the right number of
syllables!’

“Yes it did, you dunce-cap-dodo,” Morgana said.

“No way, you had too many,” Ryuji grumbled.

Nanako looked across to Ren. 

“See?” 

“Yeah.” 

“Guys, let’s focus,” Nanako said, gathering everyone’s attention. “And, how about a little
reward for doing a good job? If we can study steadily for the next thirty minutes, I’ll buy
everyone a desert.” 

“Ooh, Nanako-sensei is so wise. She really knows how to motivate me!” Ann said. 

“Eh, all right, but it better be good.” 

They studied steadily. Nanako bought them all a dessert - except herself and Ren, who didn’t
want any. Then they studied steadily again for another 45 minutes. 

“We’re doing great, you guys,” Nanako said. 

“Yeah, but I think my brain is out of energy…” Ryuji said. “Plus the last train will be soon.” 

“We better call it a night,” Ann said with a yawn. 

They took care of the bill and packed up their things and filed onto the Central Street. It still
baffled Nanako that it was a few hours later and it was still just as busy as when they came in.



Just as loud, just as bright. The city really didn’t ever stop, did it? 

Ann and Nanako walked the boys to the station, then went back to their building. Nanako
said bye to Ann at the elevator and went inside.

It looked like Yu and Rise were already in bed for the night, so Nanako plopped herself at the
TV and yawned to unwind. 

Anata no! 

Terebii ni! Jika netto Tanaka~

Mi, n, na, no, yoku no tomo!

“Welcome everyone to another life-changing installment of Tanaka’s Amazing Commodities!
Today we have a couple of incredible options for you that only I, the Amazing Tanaka could
bring to you today!” 

Huh. Nanako had to admit the last thing she bought off this ridiculous show had been very
useful during Kamoshida’s palace. She would give him one more chance to be useful. 

“The first incredible item we have today is this deluxe painting kit! This kit is a masterwork
of traditional Japanese painting supplies, perfect for the master artist in your life. Limited
supplies, so order now!”

Nanako rolled her eyes. When the heck would she ever need fancy painting supplies? She
didn’t know anyone like that. She reached over to the remote control.

“But wait, there’s more! We also are selling this deluxe case of Pep-Me-Up! 25 cans of the
incredible, discontinued energy soda guaranteed to restore all of your mental energy! It’s so
powerful, it’s still illegal in America! Buy now!’

“Well, I do have exams coming up…” Nanako said, dialing the number.

Her relationships, and knowledge, grew a little bit. 



Chapter 145: 5/10 - Morning
Chapter Summary

Ann answers a question.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

“All right, listen up class. I know that you’ve just gotten back from the Golden Week break,
but remember, you have exams starting on Wednesday. This is not the time to slack off,”
Chuono-sensei scolded from the front of the classroom. There was a general grumble
throughout the room which she shooshed immediately. 

“And while you’re at it, the rumors around this school have gotten completely out of hand. I
know what happened with Kamoshida was…unfortunate, but there isn’t a need to keep
perpetuating things. It’s time we put that man and everything he stood for behind us. No need
to be a gossip…in fact, that reminds me of an interesting fact. The word gossip originally
meant ‘god parents’ but eventually turned into the word we know today - someone who
shares rumors and news. However, the idea of ‘being a gossip,’ as a noun, came from a very
famous English author…do you know who, Takamaki-san?” 

“Uhhh!” Ann said, sitting straight up in her chair. “Ummm! Shakespeare!” 

“Ah, very good. That’s correct, Shakespeare was the first one to use the word as a noun as it
pertains to spreading rumors and news. Shakespeare also invented a great many terms that are
commonly used in English.” 

Nanako slipped her phone into her desk and texted into it as stealthily as possible.

NANAKO: Nice one, Ann! 

ANN: I totally guessed…

Nanako giggled in the back of the room. 

Chapter End Notes

Hey, we're back! Hope you all had a good holiday, if you celebrate that sort of thing.



Chapter 146: 5/10 - After School
Chapter Summary

Hideout.

They assembled at the hideout - the roof. 

“It’s Mishima,” Ren said from his position leaning against the air conditioner vent. 

“What’s Mishima?” Nanako asked.

“The person running the Phantom Aficionado Site, or as he calls it, the Phansite,” Ren
replied, adjusting his glasses. “Morgana and I confirmed it on Saturday. He was inspired by
what we did, and he’s working through a lot of guilt with what he did for Kamoshida.” 

“Wait, does that mean he knows who you are?” Nanako asked. Ren looked at the ground.

“You know, it’s not super clear…” 

“That’s dangerous,” Nanako pointed out. 

“I think it’ll be fine,” Morgana cut in. “He seems really fired up to help us out, and to be
honest, we could use the help.”

“How’s Mishima gonna help?” Ryuji asked between huge bites of his protein bar. “I mean, I
like having a fan site dedicated to us, but…” 

“Have you seen what’s being posted on there?” Ren asked. “There’s hundreds of requests in
the forum. People asking for our help.” 

“For real!?”

Everyone got out their phones.

“I think my boyfriend is cheating on me…no one will listen to what I say…people are
making fun of me on online chat rooms…” Ann read out.

“These are all just people bitching about their boyfriends and parents, how does this help us
find a new target?” Ryuji asked. 

“It doesn’t,” Morgana said, grinning from ear to feline ear. “But there’s another way we can
use it.” 



“Look through the forums for a post on Natsuhiko Nakanohara,” Ren said. Nanako tapped in
the search as quickly as she could. 

“I don’t know what to do about my ex stalking me. He’s a government teller,” Nanako read.
“Hey, this sounds serious.” 

“Exactly. Just the kind of ideal target,” Morgana said. 

“So we can just jump right in and get this guy’s palace? I’m down,” Ryuji said, sitting up and
suddenly way more alert.

“H-hey, unanimous decision rule, remember?” Ann said. 

“She’s right. We need to agree that Nakanohara needs his heart changed,” Nanako said. “In
my opinion, stalking is dangerous behavior. It can be the precursor to even more dangerous
behavior, like murder or kidnapping. And if he’s a government worker with connections to
City Hall, that makes him even more dangerous. I vote yes.” 

“Yeah, you’re right,” Ann said. “Me too.” 

“It has to be done,” Ren added.

“Good, we’re all in agreement,” Morgana said.

“But we don’t know the rest of the keywords, do we?” Ryuji asked. 

“We don’t need them. Nakanohara’s distortions and desires are twisted and dangerous, yes,
but they’re not strong enough for their own palace yet. We can track him down in
Mementos,” Morgana said with a flourish. 

“Really? That’s possible?” Ann asked. 

“Indeed, Lady Ann. As I mentioned before, Mementos is everyone’s palace, which means
that we can use the Meta Nav to locate his shadow and steal his heart.” 

“What about a calling card?” Nanako asked. 

“This is where Mishima comes in handy. If he posts a warning to Nakanohara on the forum,
then it should be enough to make a small-scale treasure materialize,” Ren said.

“For real?!” Ryuji said, amazed.

“Did you test this?” Nanako asked. 

“Well. No. But it should work!” Morgana said. 

“Can’t hurt to try. Let’s go for it!” Ryuji said.

“What about studying?” Nanako asked.

Everyone turned to give her a look.



“Okay, okay, maybe we could use a break…” 



Chapter 147: 5/10 - Mementos
Chapter Summary

The Phantom Thieves investigate.

“Hey uh, Angel, you okay?” Panther called out. 

Nanako didn’t answer.

“I’m gonna check on her,” Panther said. “You guys stay here.” 

The boys did as they were told and stayed at the top of the train station entrance. Panther
climbed the stairs back to the surface street level of Mementos.

“Oh, there you are. Hey, new outfit?” 

“Y-yeah,” Nanako stammered. “I mean, my uniform was destroyed in Kamoshida’s palace,
but it’s not a good idea to still wear my Shujin uniform, since I don’t want to tip off anyone’s
subconscious, so I thought I’d try this but…it looks totally stupid.” 

“What? No way! You look cute!…I’m not sure what you’re going for, but you still look
good!” 

“It’s the character from Library Chicks,” Nanako muttered. 

Sano’s gift of the hat had inspired Nanako. After all, if the subconscious might remember
them in their mind, then wouldn’t it be even more confusing if she looked like a fictional
character? It would make it more likely for a person’s conscious mind to dismiss those
thoughts as just dreams or random figments of their imagination. So Nanako had put on the
hat and tied her hair from her twin-tails into a pony tail, threading it through the back of the
hat, just like the character did. She had on a replica “READ” tank-top that she had bought at
an otaku shop on Central Street, her thigh holster, the Compendium, and a pair of high-top
sneakers. Instead of the reflective aviators, Nanako wore her big bro’s glasses. 

And she had on some pretty short shorts. Not quite as short as the girl in the manga, but
still…short. 

All she was missing was the jacket. 

“Oh! Well you look great. Are you able to fight in it?” 

“Yeah, even easier than my old uniform, actually. It’s just…uh…”



Panther leaned in closer.

“You’re worried what Joker’s going to think of it?” 

“Yeah.” 

“You look hot, Nanako. You have nice legs, and I’m sure he’s going to notice it. And besides,
you’re not allowed to feel stupid in your outfit. I’m wearing a red leather cat suit.” 

“Yeah, but you look great.” 

“And so do you! So come on, let’s go. Someone needs our help. We’re not going to let that
girl be stalked just because we’re insecure about our looks, are we?” 

Ann’s words braced Nanako’s resolve. She adjusted the hat, checked her gun, and nodded.

“You’re right. Thanks, Panther. Let’s go.” 

They walked back down the stairs. Skull, who was balancing on the turnstiles, almost fell off
when he saw Nanako. 

“Whoah! I didn’t recognize you…hey, you’re Kira-chan from Library Chicks, right?” 

“Haha, yeah. It’s a long story,” Nanako said, trying to move the topic along quickly. 

“Looks good,” Ryuji said. “Can we go now?” 

Joker glanced at Nanako. His gaze seemed to linger for a moment before nodding at Mona.
Mona struck another stylish pose.

“Mona…transform!” 

- - 

The Mona car rumbled on and on through the labyrinthine twists of Mementos. Joker was at
the wheel with Nanako sitting next to him. Panther and Skull waited in the back seat. 

 Joker intentionally ambushed a few Shadows, just to get everyone warmed up. Nanako was
surprised how easily they fell back into the routine, even with days without practice. She
wondered if it had to do with their cognition - now that they had defeated Kamoshida, their
own perception of their skills was higher than before. 

“So, Angel, when did you start reading Library Chicks?” Skull asked. 

“Huh? Oh, uh, recently. It’s kind of a complicated story.” 

“Yeah, it totally is. Sometimes I get confused while I’m reading it. But the pictures are real
good,” Skull said. 

“That’s not what I meant-”  



“Still, surprises me. Didn’t seem like your kinda thing,” Skull added. Nanako frowned.

“Why, because I’m a girl?” 

“Huh? Yeah, I guess, I mean, it’s a shounen manga, so…” 

“I like all sorts of stuff,” Nanako said, feeling a little indignant. “I watch a lot of TV.”

“I do too, but I kinda watch the same stuff all the time. Dramas, fashion shows, reality
shows…” Panther said as she leaned against her hand and stared out the window. 

“I like those too. But I also like action movies and foreign films and documentaries and home
shopping shows and…well, I guess I’ll watch anything, really,” Nanako admitted. “I didn’t
have a lot to do when I was little. TV was my best friend.” 

“O-oh,” Skull stammered. “Well, uh. I mean, it’s cool you like so much stuff. I didn’t mean
anything by it.” 

Nanako smiled. “It’s okay, I understood.” 

And she did. Skull - no, Ryuji - was such a good guy. Even if he did stick his foot in his
mouth. 

They drove more. 

“Mona, how come it smells like coffee in here?” Panther asked.

“I think that’s Joker,” Skull said. “He always smells like coffee.” 

“Ugh, the best coffee,” Nanako said. “And yet he never brings me any…” 

“I don’t have a thermos,” Joker said. 

“What!? That’s the only reason!? Why didn’t you say so! I’m sure we have one! Or I’ll buy
one!” 

“Wow, I didn’t realize Nanako was so into coffee…” Panther said. 

“Joker’s coffee, at least…” 

Panther punched Skull in the arm.

“Shut up you idiot!” 

“Wait, here!” Mona yelled, his voice crackling through the speaker on the dashboard. He and
Joker skid the Mona-car to a stop. The doors burst open and the team was out and in fighting
stances. Mona puffed into a cloud of smoke and transformed. 

Ahead of the Phantom Thieves, reality twisted. The darkness had turned into something solid
and malevolent, dragging red light into the maelstrom. Even the train tracks were twisted in
space, pulled to the center. 



“Is that it?” Panther asked.

“Yeah. I can feel it. I can’t explain why…but I sense that the target is on the other side,”
Mona said. 

“What is it?” Skull asked. 

“The beginning of a palace,” Joker said. “See how it twists and pulls? It’s just like the Will
Seed…if this were left to sit here long enough, it would turn into a palace just like
Kamoshida’s.” 

Everyone looked to Mona, who nodded. 

“I think he’s right.” 

“All the more reason we need to take action,” Nanako said. “It’s showtime!” 

“Hell yeah!” Skull said, leaping head first. 

“Hey, don’t go ahead!” Panther cried, rushing after him.

“Wait, Lady Ann!” Mona said, diving behind her. Nanako was about to jump when he felt a
hand on her shoulder. She turned to face Joker.

“What’s up?” 

He stared at her, those intense eyes behind that elegant mask. He opened his mouth, then
closed it. Then frowned. Then opened his mouth again. Then closed it. 

“I stole your line?” Nanako asked.

“…Yeah.” 

“Sorry. You’re the leader, you can say the cool line.” 

“…thanks.” 

Joker leapt ahead and Nanako laughed. 

So even Ren had a little vanity in him. 



Chapter 148: 5/10 - Mementos
Chapter Summary

Shadow Nakanohara

“What the hell? I thought you said he didn’t have a palace,” Skull said. 

The Phantom Thieves stood in the doorway of a public building. The floor was made of a
marble, the walls made of a fine wood, and the ceilings were lit tastefully with sconces. There
was a queue ahead of them with its path marked with red velvet rope and bright brass poles.
Soft music played over the speakers. 

The only thing that stood out of place was a digital indicator with bright red numbers under
the words “NOW SERVING NUMBER.” It said it was serving number 73. 

“This isn’t a palace…it’s the beginning of a palace,” Nanako observed. “I bet if we tried to go
further beyond this room, there’d be nothing there. But if we let it continue to grow, it would
become as huge as Kamoshida’s.” 

“I have to agree,” Mona said. “This is an impressive imprint on the Metaverse, but it has to
be small. I can sense Nakankohara nearby…just in that office over there.” 

They followed Mona’s pointing paw. Past the queue was a wooden service desk with more
brass bars, giving it the impression of an old-timey bank, or maybe a casino. There were two
tellers behind the desk, both identical in appearance - a man with a bowl haircut and glasses.
They worked efficiently, handling the requests of those in line. Beyond the two tellers was a
small office with a frosted glass window that said “manager.” 

The number clicked over - now serving number 74. 

“Well, this outta be easy. Let’s get in line,” Skull said. He sauntered over to the wall and
pulled the ticket dispenser. He looked at it.

“What the eff!? Number 298!?” 

“Nooo, we can’t stand around and just wait that long…” Panther complained. 

“Can’t we just start shooting? We are thieves, after all,” Skull pointed out.

“I dunno…seems a little brash…but this is just a small fry,” Mona said. “Your call, Joker.” 

Joker’s face broke into his cunning grin. 



“Skull…why don’t you go correct the number displayed?” Joker suggested. 

“Fine by me,” Skull said, holding his hand in the air. His pipe appeared and he pushed
through crowd. 

“Now serving number who the hell cares!” 

Skull smashed the display number. The customers, all cognitive beings, rushed in panic at
Skull’s sudden attack, bursting through the front doors. The two tellers immediately started
scolding him.

“Sir, stop that!”

“You must wait your turn, sir!” 

“Never been that good at waiting,” Skull said. The number display fell off completely and
smashed onto the ground, bits of glass and plastic scattering across the pure shine of the
marble floor. 

The teller on the left dove underneath his service desk while the one on the right rushed
straight to the manager’s office and started pounding on the door. The door slammed opened,
shoving the teller to the side and bouncing him off the wall. 

“What is the meaning of all this disorder?!” the manager cried. This was Nakanohara, evident
by his distorted Shadow voice and the glowing yellow eyes. He looked exactly the same as
the tellers, save for the manager’s name tag. 

Joker lifted up his wrist and fired his grappling hook. The shot was perfectly aimed to slip
between the brass bars and over the right shoulder of Shadow Nakanohara. The hook
bounced off the door behind the shadow and started looping back towards the bars, over the
Shadow’s left shoulder.

“Panther!” Joker shouted. Panther sprung forward and instinctively let her whip fly between
the bars. The end of the grappling hook was loosing speed, but had enough for Panther’s
whip to catch the end. 

“Pull!” Joker commanded. Both he and Panther pulled  and caught Shadow Nakanohara by
the back of his neck. He was pulled forward with tremendous force until he was slammed
against the brass bars, held in place by the cable.

Kachick. 

Skull pressed his shotgun on the Nakanohara’s forehead.

“Your treasure. We’ll be taking it now.” 

“No! I am the one in control here! Everyone needs permission from me to do anything! Even
break up with me! That woman had no permission to leave me! I will hound her until she
recognizes my authority!” 



“Skull, look out!” Mona cried. The two tellers had opened the door between the lobby and
the back office and were already melting into their shadow forms - bowl-haired Obariyons -
rushing at Skull in a charge.

Nanako already had the Compendium open. 

“Rakshasa!” 

The red-skinned swordsman appeared in the space between the Obariyons and Skull, swords
poised. Both Obariyons reacted quickly to slam their fists at the Persona, with Nanako feeling
the heavy impact in her soul. But the damage was negligible and exactly what she wanted.
Rakshasa unleashed his counter-attack and slipped his two curved blades in rapid arcs along
their bellies. 

“Fools!” Nakanohara roared as his body transformed into an even stronger Obariyon. He
shoved back, breaking free of the cable around his neck and throwing Panther off-balance as
a result. 

The two teller Obariyons ran for the fallen Panther, but Nanako was already on the look out.
Rakshasa lunged down and gave the nearest one a giant slice. The shadow crumpled and
melted on the marble floor. 

“Lady Ann!” Mona cried. “Zorro!” 

Zorro appeared and unleashed a rapid barrage of thrusts. The Obariyon held up his arms and
absorbed most of the blows, appearing to be mostly unaffected. Instead it charged up an aura
of energy and let a dark cloud explode around Mona. Mona coughed while Zorro’s sword
was suddenly slowed by the use of Sukunda. 

“Dance, Carmen!” 

Fire engulfed Obariyon and it melted into the floor. 

Nakanohara Obariyon bent the bars and tackled Skull, raining punches down on him. Skull
fired his shotgun at point blank range over and over again into Nakanohara’s belly, but it
didn’t seem to have much effect. 

He was strong against physical attacks, Nanako realized.

“Izanagi! Zio!” 

The lightning bolt appeared from the end of Izanagi’s blade and twisted around Obariyon,
sending him convulsing and staggering backward. 

“Captain Kidd! Zio!” 

The pirate extended its arm cannon and launched a follow-up electric attack. This crashed
Nakonahara Obariyon back into the manager’s office. The shadow shell melted off of
Nakanohara as he picked himself off the ground. 



“You can’t take this from me, pathetic Phantom Thieves!” 

“We already did.” 

Joker casually leaned on a wall. He had his hand held out, extending two fingers. Between
the fingers was a photograph that glowed with a pulsing golden light.

“N-no! My treasure!” 

“This is her, right?” Joker asked. “The girl you’ve been stalking?” 

He tossed the picture casually onto the ground, where Nanako could see it clearly. It was of
Nakanohara and a girl standing next to each other somewhere in the city, both smiling.

“She…she just left me out of nowhere…the only good thing I had in my life…after all the set
backs I’ve had, after all the suffering I’ve endured, after all the dreams that died with
Madarame…she was the one last light I had…” 

"Madarame?" Panther said.

“You can’t force her back,” Nanako said. “If she wants to go, you have to let her. It’s not her
job to stay because you’re having a hard time of life. You don’t own her.” 

“Own another person…no, I don’t want to be like that…be like him…” the shadow said,
staring at the floor. 

“You need to believe more in yourself. If you’re holding onto her that tightly, you don’t
believe you can find another person to love, or find more happiness. Give yourself more
credit,” Joker said.

“Yes…yes, I’ll do that…I’ll return to my true self, and cease these horrible actions.” 

Shadow Nakanohara dissolved into shimmers of light while the room around them started to
fade into blackness, being replaced by the twisting corridors of Mementos. 

Joker bent down and picked up the photograph and tucked it into his coat. 

“Good work team,” Joker said with a cocky grin. 

“And where the heck were you?” Skull grumbled as he sat on the ground waiting for Mona
and Zorro to casting healing spells. 

“Had to slip past and open the safe to get the treasure. But I knew you could handle it. You
got my back don’t you?” 

Skull laughed. “Yeah, I guess I do…besides, it didn’t hurt that much.” 

“Yeah, it’s good thing that mask is metal, you got hit in the face so many times,” Panther
said. 



“Hey, it wasn’t that many!” 

“At least ten or fifteen,” Panther said. 

“Come on, help me out here Angel!” 

“I thought you were very brave,” Nanako said. “And you did land the final blow.” 

“Yeah, true!” 

“Only after Angel figured out his weakness,” Mona pointed. Skull sighed. 

“Yeah, I guess that’s true…” 

“Ah, come on, I didn’t mean it like that,” Panther said. “You did good. We all did. And thank
you Mona, for covering me.” 

“O-of course, Lady Ann.” 

Nanako spun around on her heel and stared at the darkness behind her. 

“Something wrong?” Joker asked.

“I thought I heard a chain…” Nanako mumbled. “I don’t know. I just have a bad feeling…” 

“Yeah, me too,” Mona said, leaping into the air and transforming. “Let’s get out of here.” 



Chapter 149: 5/10 - Night
Chapter Summary

Chie's secrets.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

“Okay well…that should do it for you guys. I’ll finish up here.” Chie said. Gathered around
her were three other officers. They all looked as exhausted as she felt. 

“Thanks, Satonaka,” said one guy. The other two looked a little guilty that Chie was willing
to jump on the grenade, as it were, but she could see that their fatigue was stronger than their
consciences. They too thanked her, bowed, and rushed off as quickly as they could. 

Chie sighed and looked around. 

The senior center was still a bit of a mess, but it wasn’t the worst thing she’d ever had to
clean up. Mostly streamers and balloons, a few paper plates and discarded plastic cups. It was
mostly putting things into the trash, sweeping, and putting the folding tables away. 

That night was the “Police Ball” for one of the local senior centers, where a few officers
came in to throw a little party and dance with the elders. It was one of Akihiko’s side
projects, and normally he was the one who coordinated, and attended, these events. He said it
was part of “public outreach” to keep the relationship between the police and community
strong.

He was such a nice guy.

Well, except for the part where he had ditched the party he had planned and convinced Chie
to cover for him. Chie’s soul was on the edge of being burned out from all the work she’d had
to do. She’d startd early on her grueling data analysis work for the Special Task Force, then
just as she was trying to leave and go home for a few hours, the chief had pulled her in to do
traffic duty at a busy intersection that had lost its traffic lights. 

Busy work that any officer could have done, but he’d pulled Chie. Probably still getting her
back for the crazy escalator stunt she’d pulled…

She’d finished that up with just enough time to stop by the caterer, get the food, set up the
party, and then dance the night away with a buncha sweet old guys. 

But try as she might, Chie couldn’t be mad at Akihiko. He wasn’t just playing hooky, he was
working in secret on the Kaneshiro case. And even though her part was a bit less…direct, it



felt like she was helping him crack the case too. 

Chie crumpled up a plastic tablecloth and shoved it hard into a trash can, sighing.

“I’m so hungry, though…” she groaned in the empty senior center. 

“Then my timing is pretty good.” 

She spun around. Akihiko stood in the doorway, a plastic bag looped around his fingers. 

“O-oh, Akihiko! Sorry, I didn’t realize…” 

“I finished up and thought I’d swing by and bring you some dinner. These seniors are a
ravenous pack, don’t usually leave much for the officers…I hope you like beef bowls.” 

Chie felt her soul come back to life.

“Beef bowls!? Hell yeah I do! I love you!…for bringing beef bowls!” 

Akihiko chuckled and went to work unpacking the takeout and thankfully seemed to not
notice Chie’s stupid words or the stupid bright shade of red now burning on her cheeks. She
took a few breaths to compose herself and sat down with Akihiko. 

“Oh, it smells so good!” 

“Dig in,” Akihiko said with a smile.

She did. Hunger and instinct took over and she ate with mechanical efficiency, her mind
fading away as she let the pleasure of the flavor and the satisfying relief wash over her. She
was pretty sure she moaned embarrassingly. At least once. 

A few minutes later, she was out of her feeding trance and noticed that Akihiko had finished
eating too. In fact, it looked like he beat her.

“Aha, sorry, I’m sort of a fast easter,” Akihiko said. “I haven’t hardly eaten all day.”

“Neither did I. And I’m sure it wasn’t as embarrassing as what I just did…did I even chew?” 

He laughed. “It’s fine. Hey, thanks for covering. This dance means a lot to some of these
senior citizens.” 

“Yeah, Mrs. Tanabara was about ready to cry when I said you weren’t going to be here,” Chie
said with a sly smile. “You little heart breaker.” 

“She says that about every male officer,” he replied with a chuckle, though Chie thought
maybe he was blushing a little. 

“What made you think of starting this?” Chie asked. Akihiko put his chopsticks in the center
of his empty takeout bowl. 



“I started volunteering at a senior center right after high school. I had just…gone through
something kinda big, and I was trying all sorts of things to get perspective on life. Someone
suggested that I could ‘adopt a grandpa’ or something, get some advice from elders.” 

“Adopt a grandpa?” 

“Yeah. There’s a lot of seniors who don’t get any visitors, so they’re more than happy to talk
to anyone who bothers to come visit them. I’m an orphan, so it works out.” 

“Oh, I’m sorry,” Chie said quickly. 

“It’s fine. You didn’t know, and it’s not something I go around advertising that much, to be
honest…anyway, it was there that I met Uematsu-san.” 

“And he became your kindly grandfather?” 

“Ha! I wouldn’t use the word ‘kindly.’ He was curmudgeonly old bastard. But he had a lot of
good wisdom. He gave it to me straight when I really needed it, and helped me through a
complicated time. He died a couple years after I met him. But he helped me a lot. So I kept
doing whatever I could for the seniors in our community. They’re an amazing resource that
not enough people take advantage of,” Akihiko said. 

Chie realized she was leaning her chin on her hand and was staring at Akihiko like an
infatuated schoolgirl. She straightened up. 

“That’s nice of you. You’re a really good guy.” 

Akihiko winced a little. “You…may not think so pretty soon.” 

“Huh?” 

“Listen, Chie…I wanted to ask you something. But I had to do a little digging, and I probably
crossed some lines doing it, and…well…” 

Chie frowned, very confused. “Akihiko, I have no idea what you’re talking about. Just ask
me.” 

Akihiko nodded and sighed, reaching into his jacket pocket. He pulled out a small square of
folded newspaper and carefully opened it, setting it on the table. 

“That’s you, right?” Akihiko asked. 

Chie looked down at the newspaper clipping. There was a black and white photograph
featuring Naoto. Akihiko put his finger on the background, where she could see herself and
Yukiko. 

“Oh my God, that is me! This is from, what, ten years ago? I look so young…and look at
Naoto! She’s such a baby in this picture!” 

Chie picked it up and looked closer. 



“Yukiko too! I forgot how tiny she was. I feel like she’s been pregnant for the last five years,
you know?…hey, wait a second, how did you find this?” 

“This is what I mean about crossing a few lines,” Akihiko explained. “Everyone knew about
Shirogane coming on board the Special Investigations Team, but that wasn’t a surprise.
Shirogane always jumps on the big, complicated cases. However, when you were assigned
there, it was…odd. Not because you’re a bad cop or anything, but it didn’t seem like your
kind of thing, especially with the chief being mad at you. I figured there must be some sort of
connection between you two, so I…peeked in your personnel file a bit. I saw that you were
from Inaba, and some memory clicked in my head. I was studying in university during serial
killings in Inaba, and we often discussed it with the professor, and of course, Shirogane was
involved. So I put it all together.” 

“Wow, you’re a good cop,” Chie said. 

“…You’re not mad?”

“Why should I be? It’s not like I was hiding it. I am from Inaba. I went to high school with
Naoto,” Chie said with a shrug. “Though you coulda just asked me.” 

“Yeah, I suppose…sorry. Sometimes with relationships I just sorta…screw it up.” 

Relationships? That was an interesting word to use, Chie thought. 

“Is that all you wanted to know?” 

“Actually, no. You were involved in that investigation, weren’t you? The files about the Inaba
case are confusing and contradictory, and a lot of it is still classified since it’s still technically
open. And of course they don’t mention you, but…” 

Chie took a moment to think carefully about her response. It wasn’t the first time she’d been
asked about the case from ten years ago, and she’d perfected the story she usually told cops
when they asked. And yet, she wasn’t sure if she wanted to use it. It wasn’t like she could talk
about Personas or fighting a god with Akihiko, but something about lying to him made her
uncomfortable. Maybe it was just her crush. Or maybe she was worried he’d find the holes in
the story. 

But there was no way other than forward. 

“Yeah. The serial killings are what get talked about a lot, but there was another aspect to that
case - kidnappings. Well, I suppose they were attempted serial killings, but they were stopped
by me and my friends. The first person after Saki Konishi was Yukiko, the other girl in that
picture. She’s my best friend, so when she went missing, naturally I had to go find her.” 

“Naturally,” Akihiko said with a smile. “Go on.” 

“There were other people who were kidnapped that went to my school too, other friends of
ours. Somehow we figured out the pattern and we would sneak in and free them before they
were hurt. But we couldn’t tell the police, there was no way they’d believe us. That’s where



Naoto came in. She was the bridge we needed between the police and our little investigation
methods.” Chie laughed and shook her head. “This must sound crazy to you, high schoolers
adventuring around…” 

“It’s not as crazy to me as you might think,” Akihiko said. “But…in the end, you helped
Shirogane solve the case, right?” 

“Yeah. I know this is going to sound odd, but it was fun. I had already been thinking of
joining the police, but that experience solidified it for me.” 

“I was wondering about that. So it didn’t scar you? Ruin you? You weren’t irrevocably
traumatized by it?” 

Chie had never been asked that question before. She wasn’t sure how to answer it. Had there
been trauma from that experience? Of course. She had nightmares about shadows for a few
years after, and dreams about not being able to call her Persona, being consumed by the
darkness of the Midnight Channel. But everything left a scar - even the good things. 

“Well, it changed me. But something would have changed me, eventually. We can’t stay
innocent forever, can we?” 

“No, I suppose not.” 

“Why are you asking all this?” Chie asked. 

“It has to do with the Kaneshiro case…I have an idea. But it’s risky and it requires me asking
something of someone, and I didn’t want to…well…let’s just say I had my own experiences
in high school that if I could undo them, I would. I guess I was hoping your story had a
different ending than mine, and it seems like it did.” 

“That’s super cryptic,” Chie said. 

“I know,” Akihiko said with a sad smile. “Sorry. Maybe someday I can tell you more about
it.” 

Chie wasn’t sure if by “it” he meant the Kaneshiro case or his own high school experience.
But she wasn’t going to pry. 

“I hope I was helpful.” 

“Very. You’re a good friend, Chie. I’m glad we’ve become closer lately.” 

“Me too,” Chie said, feeling her heart pound in her chest. Akihiko glanced at his watch.

“Well, I’ve taken too much of your time already, and I better head home.” 

“Yeah, me too,” Chie said. They got up, cleaned up, and went for the door together. A million
thoughts were racing through Chie’s head, a million different ways to finish out this
impromptu date with Akihiko. She couldn’t just let it fizzle out. 



“Hey, um, do you want to see it?” Chie asked. 

“See what?” 

“Inaba. I mean, you know, if you’re curious about the place and the case and whatever. If
you’re ever bored, I wouldn’t mind, you know, going with you to check it out. It’s not that far
by train. But, ah, what am I saying, this is a stupid idea, there’s nothing out there that’s at all
interesting and…” 

“When I get a little more time, sure,” Akihiko said. “Sounds fun. I haven’t left the city in
ages.” 

“U-uh, okay.” 

They said goodbye and went their separate ways. Chie felt exhausted, full, nostalgic, and
excited all at once.

It was going to take her forever to fall asleep. 

Chapter End Notes

Happy New Year, everyone!

The more I watch playthroughs of P3, and P4A, the more i want to use Akihiko and
maybe some other P3 characters...maybeeee they'll start to creep in a little bit here and
there.

Thanks to everyone who has commented recently, especially new readers! I'm going to
try and reply to some today, but know that I appreciate all of you. I love this little
community and I love your thoughts and theories.

...even when they're surprisingly accurate.



Chapter 150: 5/11 - Morning
Chapter Summary

Nanako brews.

“And then you just pour in a circular motion, like this,” Nanako explained. She was teaching
Yu how to use the new pour-over coffee filter they bought last night, along with the
gooseneck kettle. She breathed in the aroma of the coffee as it fully bloomed from the hot
water. 

“…This is kind of a lot of work,” Yu pointed out.

“Shh…we need it to get to the ideal brew time of 5 minutes. Then we’ll know if the ground
consistency was correct.” 

“Yeah, there’s no way I’m doing this every morning. But, more power to you,” Yu said,
patting Nanako on the shoulder. She shrugged and continued on with brewing the perfect cup
of coffee. 

Pi pi pi.

REN: It worked. Mishima said there was a post today from the girl saying the stalker
apologized and promised he’d stop. 

ANN: Wow, that’s incredible! We did it! 

RYUJI: Hell yeah, another victory for the Phantom Thieves! The world is going to believe in
us and our justice soon enough! 

RYUJI: Though I guess changing one person isn’t going to matter that much, huh? 

ANN: It matters to that girl.

NANAKO: Yeah, I agree. We did a good thing. Let’s keep it up.

REN: Meet up tomorrow after school at the hideout so we can talk it out some more. 

Nanako felt lighter and peppier when she walked to the train station. She wasn’t sure if it was
from the excellent coffee or the joy of changing a life, but regardless, things were good. The
train came to a wooshing halt, and to her surprise, the door lined up exactly where she was
standing. When it slid open, it revealed Ren leaning against the pole.

“Hey,” he said, looking down at her coffee cup. 

“Hey. Did you plan to be standing right in front of me?” 

“No, but I wish I had.” 

She got on. He kept looking at the coffee cup. 



“Did you want some?” Nanako asked.

“No, I think my blood is 1% coffee at this point. Just surprised you brought some from
home.” 

“I got a home pour over thing since someone wouldn’t bring me any.” 

Ren shifted his bag and glanced at it once.

“Yeah…” 

“Hey, is there something-”

“Can you help me with something?” he said, cutting her off. “It’s about tonight.”

“Sure, what’s going on?” 

He told her.



Chapter 151: 5/11 - After School
Chapter Summary

Makoto.

One would think that being the valedictorian and the student council president would afford
one some level of ease around people of authority, like the principal.

One would be wrong. In fact, Makoto felt that perhaps it made the whole thing worse. She
had so much to lose standing in front of this bloated man. Her accomplishments had not built
her a safety net. They had driven her to the very precipice of a tower where she had to hang
on or plummet. 

Of course, Principal Kobayakawa had always been a reasonable man in the past. Sure, she
did a lot for the student council and the school, but that was to be expected at an elite school
like Shujin. How else could she be prepared for the real world if she wasn’t given actual
responsibility? 

But that was in the past. He had become…desperate? Yes, that seemed the correct word for it.
What Makoto couldn’t figure out was why. After all, he had insisted that he didn’t know
anything about Kamoshida.

“Sir, if I understand the situation correctly,” Makoto said after a deep breath, “you want me to
investigate the possibility that these ‘phantom thieves’ are more than a prank? You want me
to find them?” 

“Only if they’re Shujin students, of course,” the principal said. “After all, as student council
president, you should know the student body better than anyone. And after all, if these
allegations against Kamoshida-sensei are true-“

“He did admit to the crimes,” Makoto pointed out. The principal looked irritated, then
seemed to physically swallow whatever words and emotions that were going to bubble out of
him. 

“Yes, so he did. Then that puts more credence to the idea that it must be a student, or possibly
a former student. After all, who else would have access to the school to leave all those notes?
Yes, yes, I believe it must be a student, so you must find them. You are a Nijima, are you
not?” 

“Yes, sir.” 

“If Sae were still here, I could most definitely count on her to solve this…I can count on you
the same way. Do you understand the situation?”



“Yes, sir. I understand,” Makoto forced out of her mouth.

“Yeah, and so do I.” 

Makoto spun around while Kobayakawa looked up to the opening door. 

“I’m sorry for eavesdropping, but I was told I could find Nijima-san here and your doors are
kind of thin…still, it seems that it was a good thing I was,” the man said. He was tall and
wore a black suit, white shirt, and bright red tie that accented his platinum-white hair. Even in
the suit, Makoto could tell the man must be in incredible shape. He spoke evenly, but his
words were weighty. 

“Excuse me, what on earth are you doing barging into my office like that?” Kobayakawa
blustered, rising to his feet.

“I’m Lieutenant Sanada, Tokyo Police. Principal Kobayakawa, did I just hear you asking a
student to investigate a crime?” 

“Well, I-” 

“Because that would be incredibly serious, if that were true. Then again, I did hear it through
the door, so perhaps I was mistaken in what I heard…was I?” 

“I-indeed, you were,” the principal said.

“That’s good to hear. Because if you were using your authority to meddle in an active
investigation, that would open up a lot of questions about how much you knew about
Kamoshida-san’s actions. You have been principal here for quite some time, am I correct?
I’m sure that would be a lengthy investigation, and we don’t want that. You do have a school
to run.” 

“Of course, Lieutenant, I wouldn’t dream of meddling.” 

“Good. And I trust that if I look into this say…in a week, a month, a year, I’m not going to
hear that students have been asked to do anything, correct?” 

“Correct.” 

“Wonderful. Now, I am very sorry to intrude, but Nijima-san, I would like to speak with you
when you have a moment. Did you need to finish up in here?” 

Makoto looked at the principal. He stared down at his desk, red in the face, sweating. He
shook his head without looking up. 

“Excellent. Is there somewhere we can speak privately?” 

“The student council room should be available,” Makoto suggested. 

“Perfect.” 



Makoto rose, bowed to Kobayakawa, then lead Lieutenant Sanada out of the office and over
to the student council room. She had dismissed the others for the day, so it was empty when
she unlocked it. They sat down at the table.

“I’m sorry to surprise you like this. I would have called, but the situation is rather delicate,”
Sanada-san said. 

“I understand, my sister is a prosecutor, so I know things can be complicated,” Makoto
replied politely. “I’m happy to help you in any way I can.” 

“Yes, I’ve worked with your sister a little bit…she’s quite good. Which is why I came to you.
Now, I just gave your principal a dressing down for asking a minor to do an investigation, so
what I’m going to ask you is hypocritical, I know. However, I want to be clear that I’m giving
you a choice. You can turn me down and no one will ever know or be affected by it. Nothing
will happen to you or your sister.” 

“I understand,” Makoto said with an even voice, her face perfectly composed, even while on
the inside her anxiety was just kicked into overdrive. A thousand thoughts and possibilities
ran through her mind all at once, and it took all of her willpower to keep them shoved into the
background while she listened. 

“There’s a criminal element in Shibuya that the police have had an extremely difficult time
stopping. Their leader is a slippery, cunning person who has managed to evade every trap the
police have put after him. He uses a combination of complex workforce tiers, debt, and
blackmail to keep his little empire going. Lately, he’s been using high schoolers to do his
dirty work. In particular, Shujin students.” 

Makoto nodded slowly. Sanada kept his eyes steady on her, as if observing for some
particular reaction or another.

“You don’t seem shocked by this,” he pointed out. 

“I am a little…but we - the student council, that is - have received a couple of anonymous
complaints regarding a similar issue. I think they are probably one and the same.” 

“And how do you feel about it?” 

“It’s despicable and needs to be stopped,” Makoto said, fire in her voice. She sat up a bit
straighter. “I assume that you wish to use my position as a high school student at Shujin to
help lure them into a trap?” 

“Yes. And I know I’m crossing a line-” 

“I’ll do it.” 

Sanada was surprised. “Are you sure? Before I asked you this, I wanted to lay out all the risks
of something like this. There are a lot of them…”

“Are you familiar with my father’s work, Lieutenant?” 



“I am,” he said.

“Then you know that the risks won’t stop me. What do you need me to do?” 

“As of right now, nothing. I’m still working on the plan. I couldn’t finish making it without
knowing what your answer was going to be.” 

“I understand. I’ll wait for you to contact me. Do you need my number?” 

“If you don’t mind.” 

Makoto gave him her contact information. 

“Does my sis know about this?” 

“No. I thought about asking her permission, but-” 

“She wouldn’t have given it to you,” Makoto said. “Okay. I’ll keep it quiet from her for
now.” 

“Thank you. And thank you for your help. I promise you’ll be as minimally involved as
possible. I want to strike fast and hard and take this guy out for good.” 

“Thank you for the opportunity. I won’t let you down.” 

The two rose and exchanged bows, and Lieutenant Sanada insisted he could find his own way
out of Shujin. So, Makoto sat back down as soon as he left. She stared into a blank spot on
the table and thought. 

She had just accepted a very foolish thing, but she couldn’t let the injustice go unanswered -
especially if it was targeted Shujin students. She had a responsibility to the student body. Yes,
this was a bit more extreme than any other student council president would probably ever do,
but it was who she was. 

And besides, what if these were the same gangsters that had killed her father? 

There was no way to know, of course. But just the possibility lit a fire in Makoto’s heart that
she couldn’t ignore. 

Of course, she couldn’t ignore Kobayakawa’s request, either. 

Yes, Sanada had gone in and warned him not to ask her to do it, but he’d already asked. And
she knew how Kobayakawa’s mind worked. There was an expectation that she would still
look for the Phantom Thieves in the student body. If she didn’t, then the end of the year
would suddenly become very busy for him, and the recommendations she needed to get into
good universities would just…never appear. 

Once again, she was trapped by her own greatness. 

She shuddered and cradled herself, leaning forward towards the table. 



Studying, student council work, and now two investigations…could she even do this alone? 

She had to. 

Sis did everything alone. She wielded a tremendous strength of will. That meant Makoto
could too, if she worked just a little harder. 

She allowed herself two minutes to curl up in that student council room and let the weight of
her life crush her.

Then she got up, packed her bag, tidied the student council room, and headed for home. 



Chapter 152: 5/11 - After School
Chapter Summary

Nanako and Haru confess.

“Nana-chan!” 

Haru stood up from the garden bed and spread her arms wide in greeting. Nanako smiled and
darted over to hug her. 

“I missed you, Haru-senpai,” Nanako said. “Sorry I’ve been so busy lately.” 

“Oh it’s no problem! I’m glad you’re here, though. I was thinking of pulling up this whole
row and starting over…there’s something bad about the soil PH balance and I think it’s
killing these poor darlings.” 

“Let’s get to it, then.” 

Nanako and Haru worked on the garden boxes for a while, diligently removing plants from
the box, sorting out which ones could be saved, and then dumping out the soil and replacing
it with new. It was hard work, but Nanako felt fulfilled. 

“It’s so nice to get your hands dirty, isn’t it? It feels like I’m reconnecting with nature,” Haru
said. 

“Yeah, I know what you mean. I like living in the city, but there are times where it feels like
living in another dimension, especially compared to all the agriculture I was used to growing
up with,” Nanako said. 

“Ah, to live in the country…I’ve been daydreaming what it would be like to move out
there…” Haru said. “I’m not sure I could make it work, though.” 

“That’s surprising,” Nanako said. “I mean you could live anywhere, couldn’t you?” 

Haru’s face turned glum. “It’s not that easy…” 

Nanako chewed on her lower lip and looked at Haru. There was nervous twist in Nanako’s
stomach. She didn’t want to do what she was about to do, but she had been thinking about it
for days now, and she wasn’t sure there was another way around it. 

“Um, Haru-senpai, I’m really sorry to ask you this, but…is your family name Okumura?” 

Haru looked shocked. “Um, yes, it is. How did you find out?” 



“I’m really sorry, Haru-senpai, I wasn’t trying to pry or spy or anything. Noriyaki-san told
me the other day when I was over babysitting Mei-chan.” 

“Oh, I see,” Haru said. Her face was difficult to read - pensive, a little sad, but a little relieved
at the same time. 

“We don’t need to talk about it anymore,” Nanako said. “It doesn’t matter to me who you are.
I just like gardening with you and being your friend. But me knowing and not telling you that
I knew felt dishonest.” 

“No, no, I really appreciate you being honest with me, Nana-chan. I wish I had been more
honest with you, but…” 

“We already talked about this, remember? I understood then, and I understand now. I knew
your life must have been complicated when you were just wealthy, but to be an Okumura on
top of it? It must be really difficult,” Nanako said. 

“Thanks…I’m glad you’re my friend, Nana-chan.” 

“Me too. And I promise not to take advantage of you. Well, except maybe to get that trip to
Destiny Land…” 

They both laughed. 

“It is really fun! Have you ever been?” 

“No. Did you have a fun time over Golden Week?” 

“Oh, I didn’t end up going,” Haru said with a slight sigh. “Apparently it’s too childish…” 

“What!? Who said that!?” 

Haru didn’t answer for a moment. 

“My fiance.” 

“You’re engaged!?” 

Haru blushed. “Yes. I know it’s strange, isn’t it?” 

“Ah, I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to make a scene about it,” Nanako said. 

“It’s all right. To be honest, it’s not that unusual for people in my social circle…even though
we live in these modern times, there are still a lot of arranged marriages among the rich. My
situation is the same. He’s the son of an influential politician.” 

“Do you like him?” Nanako asked. 

“…I’m trying to,” Haru said. 

“I see. But he doesn’t like Destiny Land. Or strawberry cake.” 



Haru looked shocked again. “Nanako, how did you…you truly are a remarkable person. You
see through everything, don’t you?” 

“Aha, well I didn’t mean to, it just sorta clicked in my head.” 

“Don’t apologize for it, it’s an amazing skill,” Haru said. “Anyway, once I graduate high
school I’m expected to get married pretty soon after…I might delay it a few years if I go to
university, but there isn’t a reason I couldn’t go to university and be married. I haven’t really
discussed it at length yet.” 

“Ah, and it might be hard to live in the country if he doesn’t want to.” 

“Yes.” 

They worked in silence for a few more moments. Nanako worked on smoothing the soil,
even though it didn’t need it. She mostly did it to keep the silence from being awkward.

“Do you want to see Inaba?” 

“Hm?” 

“The next time I go home, do you want to come with me? My parents already said I could
invite friends over. I could show you around Inaba. We could visit the agricultural stores and
meet some farmers if you want.” 

“Really!? That would be amazing! Yes, I would love to go!” 

Nanako smiled brightly. “Okay, great. I’ll let you know the next time I’m heading back.” 

Haru suddenly darted forward and hugged Nanako again.

“Thank you, Nana-chan.” 

=====

SOCIAL LINK RANK UP

Hermit: Haru Okumura

Level 3



Chapter 153: 5/11 - Evening
Chapter Summary

He never saw it coming.

The front door to LeBlanc crashed open, nearly knocking the bell off the door.

“I came as soon as I could! What’s wrong!?” Ryuji yelled, his fists clenched, his face caught
in between panic and battle-ready. Standing at the end of the coffee bar, Ren slipped off his
glasses.

“Now!”

Nanako, who had been hiding behind the bar near the pay phone, dove out and pressed
herself against the door, arms spread wide.

“What the-…for real!? No way man, nuh uh!” Ryuji turned, plotting on how he was going to
move Nanako out of the way. But before he could come up with a plan, a blur of black and
white streaked through the air.

“Got ‘em!” Morgana said, clinging onto Ryuji’s head.

“Get off me, you stupid cat! I’m not staying!”

“You have to! On your honor as a Phantom Thief! You’re gonna blow it for all of us!”
Morgana said, struggling to keep a grip on Ryuji’s head without digging into his scalp with
his claws.

“Off!” Ryuji yelled, spinning around on one heel fast enough to throw Morgana off and into
the booth. He turned his attention back to Nanako.

Now that Nanako thought about it, Ryuji was probably a lot stronger than her…why was she
in charge of holding the door!?

“I’m coming through!”

“No you don’t!” Ann said, popping up from behind the bar.

Crack!

To everyone’s surprise, Ann snapped out the practice whip that Sano had made for her. It
looped perfectly around Ryuji’s waist and pulled him backwards into range of Ren’s arms. He
draped his arm around his shoulders and leaned in.



“It’s too late, Ryuji. You’re already here, and you’re surrounded. You gotta stay study,’ Ren
said.

“But…I’m so tired of studying…I haaaaate iiiiit…”

“It’s for your own good,” Ren insisted. “I made lots of coffee. Sit.”

Ryuji sighed. “I hate all of you.”

Nanako, and everyone else’s, knowledge improved.



Chapter 154: 5/12 - Daytime
Chapter Summary

Oh no! The Phantom Thieves have to take exams for the next three days! Can you help
them out? Let's see if you've been paying attention during the classroom scenes!

Post your answers in the comments, then see how many you got right on 5/14.

Here's some music to help you concentrate. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kp-
1oFWnsxs

1. What did Karl Jung call the version of ourselves that we present to the outside world? 

A. Shadow

B. Persona

C. Id

D. Superego 



2. What is the simplest man-made device that can break the sound barrier? 

A. Gun

B. Bow and Arrow

C. Whip

D. Trebuchet 



3. What is the traditional Japanese art form that uses only a fan as a prop? 

A. Rakugo

B. Kabuki

C. Taiko

D. Origami



4. When was "taiko" invented? 

A. 5th Century, BCE 

B. 5th Century, CE 

C. 1770s.

D. 1950s. 

 



5. The English word "gossip" being used as a noun is often attributed to which famous
English author? 

A. Charles Dickens 

B. William Shakespeare 

C. Lewis Carroll

D. George Orwell 



Chapter 155: 5/12 - After School
Chapter Summary

The Daughters of Cops

The Phantom Thieves assembled to their rooftop hideout. 

“It actually worked! I’m so pumped up!” Ryuji said. He was leaning in a discarded chair,
pumping his fist into the air. 

“I have to admit, I’m pretty excited about it too,” Ann said. “We were really able to help
someone out.” 

“And there’s plenty more where that came from,” Morgana said. “The Phansite is full of
these requests. Best of all, Mishima said he’d help filter through the requests and forward the
best ones.” 

“I still feel weird about using Mishima,” Nanako said. 

“It’s a bit too late to do anything about it now,” Ren said from his leaning position on the air
vent. “He’s only talking to me, and I’ll keep it that way, and I’ll keep things as obfuscated as
possible.” 

“I suppose he is really useful,” Nanako admitted. “Okay, we’ll leave that to you, then.
Anything else good on the request board now?” 

“Not yet,” Ren said. “Did anyone find any good possible targets?” 

“I have a few ideas, but…” Nanako said, reaching into the Compendium to find her list. “I
need to follow up on a few things first.” 

She looked at the third name of the list - Konikazu Okumura. Haru’s father. 

Then she clicked open a pen and crossed it off. 

“Well that’s better than me. I’ve been racking my brain and the internet for days and I have
nothing,” Ann said.

“Me too. Though it doesn’t help some people waste all my time studying…” 

“It wasn’t a waste,” Nanako insisted. “Look me in the eye and tell me that you didn’t do
better on the exams today.” 



Ryuji grumbled and folded his arms, but didn’t say any more. 

The clatter-squeak of the roof door caused all of the thieves to turn their heads. Morgana
leapt back into Ren’s bag. 

Standing in the doorway was another student, wearing a long-sleeved turtle neck and a black
vest over her uniform plaid skirt. She had brown hair cut in a bob and piercing crimson eyes.
She walked onto the roof with an air of authority. Nanako had never seen her before, but she
figured she must be a third year. 

“This place is off-limits, you know,” she began. Ann and Ryuji looked on edge. Ryuji sat up
in his chair and let out an aloof grunt.

“We’ll leave when we’re done chatting,” he said. “What brings you up here anyway, Miss
Student Council President?” 

Ah, so this must be Makoto Nijima. Nanako had seen the name in conjunction with the
student council president, but had never put a face to it. Nanako studied Nijima carefully. She
walked with an incredible amount of poise and control. Her physique was also deceptively
toned - she was probably much stronger than she looked, from some sort of training. She
reminded Nanako of Chie when she was in high school. 

“The troublemaker, the student of rumor, and the infamous transfer students…that’s an
interesting combination,” Nijima pointed out. 

Nanako knew in a flash.

Nijima was looking for the Phantom Thieves. And she had already gotten very, very close.
She glanced over at Ren, who was still leaning against the vent, his glasses and hair covering
his face, looking very meek and harmless. 

“What kind of way is that to start a conversation…” Ann muttered. Nanako could see the
anger was rising in Ann with each passing second. 

“By the way…” Nijima said, directing her attention at Ren. “You seemed to get to know
Kamoshida-sensei pretty well.” 

“Who?” Ren asked. 

For the first time since she entered the rooftop, Nijima had a flash of emotion - clear
annoyance. 

“Don’t play dumb with me.” 

“He’s only been here a month. He obviously didn’t have that much interaction with
Kamoshida,” Ann snapped. 

“I find that highly unlikely. After all, it was a volleyball team member who went around
spreading the details of your criminal record throughout the school. That must’ve made you



angry, coming out here trying to start over and your past trailing right behind you,” Nijima
said. 

“It made me angry,” Nanako cut in. “After all, isn’t the school supposed to protect the
privacy of students? What right did Kamoshida have to violate that?” 

Nijima turned her attention to Nanako. 

“You almost joined the volleyball team, didn’t you?” 

“It seems it was a good thing that I didn’t, considering the higher-ups at this school have no
interest in protecting their students,” Nanako said. “I wonder if that goes for the student
council as well.” 

Nijima’s eyes narrowed and anger flashed on her face. “I can assure you, the student council
and the administration of this school would never have let something like that happen if the
knew about it.”

“You found out about who let Ren’s past out pretty quickly,” Nanako pointed out. 

Something in Nijima’s stance changed. It was as if she had been completely ignoring Nanako
at first, not thinking her a threat. But now Nanako had painted herself as a danger, and was
now Nijima’s focus. 

“Maybe I was wrong. Maybe it was you. You and he went to the same high school in
Yasoinaba, didn’t you? Who better to know the details of his past than you?” 

“Are you trying to imply I have no loyalty to my friends, or are you trying to stir up my
loyalty in hopes that I’ll get angry and say something rash?” Nanako asked. “Both are pretty
decent techniques, but they won’t work if the subject already knows them.” 

“Subject? Interesting choice of words. You sound like a cop.” 

“So do you. Is that normal? Do they train student council presidents in the city to be
interrogators?” Nanako asked. “Or is that because you grew up with law enforcement around
you?” 

This one seemed to catch Nijima off-guard. Heck, it caught Nanako off guard when she said
it, but she knew it was correct. The “Dojima Instincts” again? 

“Let’s try a different direciton,” Nijima said. “What are you doing on the roof without
permission?” 

“I’m the vice president of the gardening club, I’m giving prospective members a tour. Now
how about a question of my own - what is this all about? Why are you harassing us with
these unwarranted questions?” 

“It’s in the interest of the student council to help the student body feel at ease. There are
many people upset and affected by the events of the last few weeks. Especially with the
calling card style posts that were made in the hallway. Some students are concerned that



perhaps other students were involved. It would be best if we found the truth of that as soon as
possible so we can restore calm and safety. Don’t you agree?” Nijima asked.

“There are no students concerned about that,” Nanako accused.

“And you’re not really giving a tour of the gardening club.” 

“You have no evidence,” Nanako said.

“Neither do you.” 

Stalemate. Nanako struggled to find more words, struggled to find the way out.

“I think I’d like to grow some cauliflower,” Ren said. “It’s one of my favorites.” 

Nijima narrowed her eyes and glanced at the assembled thieves. 

“If you really are joining the gardening club, then I expect the proper paperwork be filled out
and turned in to the student council room. And I will assume that if you come back to this
roof, it will be for the club meetings, with all in attendance, including your president,” Nijima
said.

“Sure, yeah. We’ll get right on it,” Ryuji said. “Don’t you have some more students to
harass?” 

Nijima turned away, clenching her fists.

“Try to understand the position I’m in…to have to spend my time investigating this
nonsense…” 

She strode away quickly, slamming the door open on her way out. 

“She dangerous,” Morgana said, poking her head out of Ren’s bag. 

“She’s figured us out,” Ren said.

“But damn, Nanako…remind me not to piss you off or hide things from you,” Ryuji
muttered. Ann stood up and put a hand on Nanako’s shoulder.

“You okay?” 

“Yes, I’m fine. But Morgana’s right, she’s very clever. We can’t meet here anymore.” 

“Phantom Thieves should move their hideouts anyway,” Ren said, his cunning Joker smile
peeking out beneath his glasses. “Right, Mona?” 

“Definitely. We’ll find a new place and let you know.” 

“We better head home for now,” Ann suggested.

“Yeah,” Ryuji said. 



They all left, one by one. Nanako lingered at the end, looking at the raised beds.

“Cauliflower, huh?” 

She made a mental note. 



Chapter 156: 5/12 - Evening
Chapter Summary

Nanako and Naoto.

Nanako turned the corner to the street that would take her home, two cheap plastic bags
hanging from her fingers. She had been running low on a few necessities - toothpaste,
pencils, that sort of thing - and popped out to grab them from the nearby store. The other bag
was just snacks. 

Nanako stopped about a dozen feet away from the front door. 

The short figure stood with her hands in the pockets of her lightweight coat. Her short blue
hair hung behind her head as she stared up at the building, as if she could somehow deduce
what was going on inside by staring up at it. She was standing in the circle of the streetlight,
the yellow tint casting a nostalgic glow on her face. 

She looked forlorn, Nanako decided. She stared up at the building the way someone might
stare up at the sky and pray for answers. 

“Hi, Naoto.”

“Oh! Nanako!” Naoto said, stumbling backwards a few steps. A pedestrian behind her
blustered by, grunting a half-apology as he kept moving along. Naoto spun on one foot, arms
flailing as she tried to regain balance. 

Nanako rushed in and caught her arm. 

“Oh my gosh, I’m so sorry! Are you okay?” 

“Yes, I’m fine,” Naoto said, blushing as she pulled her arm from Nanako’s grasp. 

“Did you want to come up? Big bro is home, everyone’s just having a quiet evening at home
so you wouldn’t be interrupting anything,” Nanako said. 

“I uh…I don’t…no, that’s all right. I just happened to be passing by and was considering
dropping in, but I think I’ll just call him later.” 

Nanako had to make a quick decision. On the one hand, maybe it was better to let the two of
them sort this out on their own. Yu and Naoto’s relationship had been an intense one,
especially with a formal engagement. Nanako remembered being so happy when she found
out. She had even started calling Naoto “big sis.” 



Then one day it was all over.

That had been over two years ago. As clueless as Nanako was about relationships now, she
was even more clueless back then, and she didn’t understand the intricacies of their break up,
and what that would mean for them moving forward. Apparently it was even more
complicated than she thought, if they were still this awkward around each other even years
later. It would be wise to leave it alone.  

But. 

Yu had moved on. Had Naoto? Was she stuck? And was there anyone willing to give her the
push she needed to get out? 

Besides, there was something she wanted to ask her.\

“Well, if you’re not busy…do you think we could talk a little? There’s been something on my
mind,” Nanako said. 

“Oh, uh…here?” 

“We don’t have to, if you don’t want. There’s a nice little diner not too far from here,”
Nanako suggested. 

“Okay. I suppose that’ll be fine,” Naoto replied.

“Great, let’s go!” 

It only took a few minutes to get to the diner on Central Street and climb up the stairs. The
Phantom Thieves’ favorite booth, the one right by the front, was open, so Nanako took it,
dropping her bag and plastic bags on the seat beside her. Naoto slipped quietly into the seat
opposite.

“I’m still not quite used to the fact that you’re taller than me,” Naoto said. “Though I suppose
you have been so for some time.” 

“It’s a good thing Kanji is around to always be the tallest,” Nanako added. Naoto smiled. A
waitress came by and took their drink orders - green tea for Nanako, black coffee for Naoto. 

“So, what’s going on?” Naoto asked once the drinks arrived.

“It’s about what you said to me at the hospital…about my ‘Dojima talent’ or whatever,”
Nanako said. 

“Hm? What about it?” 

“Well, I’ve been trying to use it some. Just…be more observant, follow my instincts, that sort
of thing. And it’s been working, too. I just wonder…” 

Nanako let her eyes fall shut as she remembered details of the afternoon. Makoto Nijima, her
quick eyes, sharp mind, and cold face. She was a formidable opponent, and the more that



Nanako thought about it, the more she realized that Nijima was probably a step ahead of her
in terms of deductive ability. After all, Nanako had just been pushing buttons and playing
obfuscation…but Nijima had narrowed down the potential identities of the Phantom Thieves
within a week. 

Part of Nanako was lit up with a fire of rivalry. She wanted to get faster, smarter, quicker,
more clever - to be able to outpace Nijima’s mind and win in every mental duel. 

But part of Nanako was afraid. Nijima had asked those questions so callously. Like she was a
robot. 

“I guess I’m just wondering if learning to think like that has negative side effects. Like, on
my personality and my ability to empathize or have fun or…I don’t know how to explain
it…” 

“You’re wondering if you’ll end up like me,” Naoto said. 

Nanako’s eyes shot open. 

“No, no, I didn’t mean that at all! I swear, I was thinking of someone else! Honestly!” 

Naoto’s expression was unreadable - mostly because Nanako was in a panic that she might
have offended Naoto. A moment passed and Naoto let a sly smile cross her face as she sipped
her coffee.

“I believe you, Nanako,” she said. Nanako let out a breath, resting a hand on her chest. She
could feel her heart thundering behind her ribs. 

“But,” Naoto added, “that doesn’t make my statement any less true. I’m self-aware enough to
know my faults, Nanako. What makes me an incredible detective is also what prevents me
from connecting with others very well.” 

“I’m sorry, really,” Nanako said, unable to shake off the guilt clutching to her heart. 

“It’s really all right. It used to be a lot worse. Before I met Yu and the others, I had doomed
myself to living a lonely existence, useful only to those who wanted my brain to solve the
puzzles. Now I have friends. And I fell in love, once. And I believe that might be possible
again…someday…but…” 

Naoto stared into her mug, searching for words from the rising steam. 

“Those of us who solve puzzles as quickly as we do, those of us whose minds are always
seeking the answers…sometimes we can’t turn it off. That is certainly true for myself. My
mind is always working on the puzzle of whatever case I’m working. And if there isn’t a
case, then it’s looking for puzzles to solve. It’s an insatiable beast that must be fed. If I leave
it hungry, I become irritable, sometimes even depressed. And because I can never stop, it
makes being around me a bit…draining.” 

“Maybe there’s…” 



“There isn’t,” Naoto said, cutting Nanako off. “Believe me, we tried all sorts of things.
Meditation. Prayer. Medication. Alcohol. Nothing worked. My brain is too powerful to be
turned off. I am who I am, and I have come to accept it.” 

“Is…this why you and big bro…?” 

“One of the reasons,” she said. “In some ways he’s the same. As goofy and weird as Yu is on
the outside, there’s an intensity inside him that cannot be doused. However, I believe he can
turn it off - or at least ignore it for a while - and enjoy the moment. He used to be able to
bring that out in me too, but…after a while…our work lives and our personal lives became
too intertwined. It was no one’s fault.” 

“I’m sorry, I shouldn’t have pried,” Nanako said. 

“It’s all right. I feel like I should have told you this a long time ago. I did just sort of
disappear from everyone one day, only to reconvene at awkward Christmas parties,” Naoto
said with a rueful smile. “But this isn’t about me, is it? This is about you. And I don’t think
you’ll have the same problem I do. You’re able to enjoy the moments in life, thanks in large
part to the childhood you had. You should be very grateful for that, I know that everyone in
your life has fought hard to give you that sort of life…including myself.” 

Naoto sipped her coffee before continuing. 

“If you do not want to hone your natural detective senses, then you shouldn’t. You have many
other skills and traits you can use to make your way in the world. The important thing is that
you live a happy life, and if being able to think like that is making you cynical, then it’s not
worth it.” 

Nanako thought about everything Naoto said for several minutes. They sat in a comfortable
silence, Naoto perfectly content to let Nanako have the time she needed to think. Finally,
Nanako spoke. 

“You said that empathy was important.” 

“I did.” 

“To be honest, sometimes I think my empathy is more of a danger than my observational
skills. I mean…I came all the way out here for a boy I hardly knew, because I felt bad for
him.” 

“Not many others would do that,” Naoto admitted. “Do you regret that choice?” 

“No, not at all. But it could’ve gone badly. Maybe honing my detective skills will keep my
empathy in check…or perhaps they’ll both just drag me off into situations I could have
avoided. But at least I’ll know I’ve done it through following my strengths rather than being
dragged along by my weaknesses.” 

“An admirable decision, Nanako.” 

They raised their glasses and clinked them together, then sipped. 



“Out of curiosity, if it wasn’t me you were thinking of…who was it?” 

Nanako took another sip to try and buy some time. She had forgotten that Naoto wasn’t going
to let a single detail slip by. 

“Just our student council president. She was getting stupidly nitpicky about who was allowed
onto the roof. I am, because I’m part of the gardening club, but since my friends weren’t yet,
she was getting on my case about paperwork and…well, we kinda got into a little debate.
She’s quick and clever but also a little cold.” 

“Mm, I see,” Naoto said, smiling with amusement, which is what Nanako was hoping for.
Naoto was interpreting the events as simple high school drama. “I’m sure she means well.
Your school must be going through a lot.” 

“Yeah,” Nanako said. “I’m glad Yosuke is around, though. I feel like he’ll be a good
influence on the rest of the school.” 

“Let’s hope so,” Naoto said. 

=====

SOCIAL LINK RANK UP

Justice: Naoto Shirogane

Level 2



Chapter 157: 5/13 - After School
Chapter Summary

Someone watches.

“Uuuugh I hate exams so much,” Ann complained. “It’s so boring and exhausting at the same
time. I hate concentrating for that long.” 

Ann and Nanako were in the underground mall, browsing through Body Chop Cosmetics.
Ann said shopping was the only way she was going to recover from the second day of mid-
term exams. Nanako volunteered to tag along. Even she was starting to get tired of studying. 

“Smell this one,” Nanako offered a bar of soap made of kiwi fruit. Ann breathed it in.

“Ooh, I like it! And it says it’s from New Zealand. You should get it, it’s a good scent for
you.” 

“Really? I don’t know,” Nanako said, weighing the bar in her hand. “What about this?” 

Ann smelled the next one. “Mm, passionfruit. But that’s not you at all.” 

“Do you have a signature scent?” Nanako asked. 

“I used to be really into vanilla,” Ann said. “But then last year Shiho bought me this lavender
oil and I’ve been kinda obsessed with it. I’m wearing it now, come here.” 

Ann brushed one of her pigtails over her shoulder and leaned her elegant neck towards
Nanako. Nanako felt a little bit of a blush settle on her cheeks as she leaned so closely to Ann
and smelled her. It was a bit more intimate than she had expected to get with her. 

“It’s nice. And it suits you,” Nanako said. Ann flipped her pigtail back into place. 

“I know, right? Shiho really has excellent taste.” 

“How is she doing, by the way?” 

“She good. Lucky that she doesn’t have to take exams…” 

“Ann!” 

Ann put a hand to her mouth and laughed into it. “It’s okay Nanako, I said that joke to her
face and she laughed. I guess we’re both trying to laugh since…well, what else can we do?” 

“That’s still pretty dark…” Nanako said, feeling a little scandalized.



“Shiho may look sweet, but she’s always had a dark sense of humor,” Ann said. Then her
face grew serious. “Though…maybe that’s why she did what she did…” 

“She’s doing fine now though, right? I mean, she has you, how can she fail?” Nanako said,
interrupting Ann’s potential spiral into sadder thoughts. 

“Yeah, you’re right. So, do you think you’re gonna go kiwi? I wonder what kind of smells
Ren likes…” 

“I-I wouldn’t know,” Nanako said quickly. 

“I’ll just text and ask him.” 

“No!” 

Ann held her phone up above her head while Nanako took swipes at it. Ann spun around to
shield her phone, cradling it by her stomach while Nanako tried to grab it. They laughed the
whole time. 

“Excuse me, would you two keep it down in here?” the middle aged woman behind the
counter said, clearly annoyed. “This isn’t a playground.” 

“Sorry, we’ll go,” Nanako said with a bow. Ann rolled her eyes.

“Yeah, we’ll go. We were gonna buy stuff, but forget it now.” 

They wandered out the entrance and into the main walkway of the underground mall. Nanako
laughed. 

“You’re so vicious, Ann. I don’t have it in me to give it to people like that.” 

“Eh, I don’t know if it’s a good trait or not. I’m starting to realize that maybe I have more of a
temper than I realized…” 

Ann trailed off, looking in either direction, suddenly taking a step closer to Nanako.

“What’s wrong?” 

“I don’t know it just…feels like I’m being watched…I’ve felt like that a lot lately.” 

“A stalker?” Nanako asked. She felt her perception switch, as if her mind went from ‘fun’ to
‘detective’ mode. Her eyes carefully, but subtly, started scanning each face in the crowd. Ann
was a model, after all, it was possible for someone to be looking at her because they
recognized her. Or because she was beautiful. But models also had their share of stalkers, and
it was important not to take it lightly. 

“I don’t know,” Ann whispered. 

“Okay. Here’s what we’re gonna do. You say goodbye to me, and you head straight for the
stairs back up to the station. Walk casually. I’ll stay here and watch. If I yell, make a break



for the station, don’t look back.” 

“What about you?” 

“They’re not looking at me, so it’ll be fine. This will flush them out.” 

“Okay. Here we go.” Ann took a step back and said in a terribly obvious voice “Okay,
Nanako-chan, it was a lot of fun shopping with you today. However, I forgot I had another
commitment, so I must go right away. Goodbye.” 

Nanako sighed to herself. Hopefully she stuck with modeling and not acting…

Ann turned and walked away steadily. Nanako watched the crowd carefully. It was busy and
crowded, but once Ann got to a certain point the stalker would have to make some sort of
unnatural move. 

There!

A figure turned out from the crowd and quickly started walking after Ann. Nanako couldn’t
see anything specific at this range, but the movement was clear. Nanako started rushing
forward. As long as the stalker didn’t pick up speed, Ann would be safe, but Nanako could
get a clear view. She slipped around one salaryman talking loudly on his phone, ducked
between a couple of middle school boys, and then pressed past a middle-aged woman having
an argument with her elementary aged daughter. 

Now! There was an opening! Nanako burst forward to close the distance.

“Hmm, hmm, what an interesting article this is…” the person said loudly into her book.

“Hi, Nijima-senpai,” Nanako said equally as loudly. Nijima looked up from the large book
she was using as cover and feigned surprise.

“Ah, hello there, Dojima-san…you know it’s not always a great idea to stop on the way home
to random shops while still in uniform,” Nijima said, trying to use an air of authority to hide
the obvious nerves that were creeping into her voice. 

“Are you keeping tabs on us?” Nanako asked directly.

“W-what? Nonsense, I have much more important things to do than follow random students
around,” Nijima said.

“Mmhm. Like read that book.” 

“Yes.” 

“That book on…is that a manga collection?” 

“I uh…” Nijima looked at the cover. “Yes, I suppose it is.” 

“I didn’t take you for a manga fan,” Nanako said.



“I can have…lots of interests…” 

“What’s your favorite one?” 

“I’m sorry, Dojima-san, but I must be going.” 

Nijima shut her manga and turned on her heel, striding towards the station. 

Pi pi pi. 

ANN: Anything?

NANAKO: It was Nijima.

ANN: Ugh, she’s keeping tabs on us now? 

NANAKO: At least she’s bad at it. And all she saw was us shopping. 

ANN: Well, I’m relieved it wasn’t anything else. 

ANN: I’ll wait for you at the top. Then I better head home.

NANAKO: Yeah, I’ll go with you. 



Chapter 158: 5/13 - Evening
Chapter Summary

Nanako calls Ren.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Nanako sat on the couch. 

There was a heist movie on TV - Pillaging the Sauna of Manliness - and it was terrible. Made
in 1972, the story follows a group of thieves who need to swipe a notebook from a bank
president while he’s in a sauna. The notebook has the combination to the main vault, so they
need to use it to steal the money, then replace it before the bank president finishes his time in
the sauna and notices it. 

It was stupid, but it was just the sort of mindless sound and motion that Nanako needed to
help her unwind from the day. The only good part of the movie so far was the mastermind, a
handsome guy with poofy 70s style hair but a really nice smile. The curly volume of his hair
reminded her of someone, though. 

She called. 

“Hey,” Ren said. “You’re on speaker with Morgana.” 

“What’re you guys up to?” Nanako asked, hugging a pillow from the couch while she leaned
her cheek on the screen of her phone. 

“Making tools,” Ren said. 

“And it would be going better if someone would listen to my instructions more carefully,”
Morgana chastised. 

“Hey, you have to admit I’m getting better,” Ren said. 

“I suppose you are a good pupil. You’re fortunate to have such an excellent teacher,”
Morgana added. Nanako laughed. 

“What are you up to?” Ren asked. 

“Watching a terrible heist movie.” 

“Getting ideas?” 



“No, just trying to keep my brain in a numbed stupor,” Nanako said. “Which is why I called
you!” 

“Ha, ha,” Ren said flatly, though Nanako thought she could hear a smile in his voice.  “By the
way, thanks for helping me trap Ryuji into studying the other day.” 

“No problem. I probably would have done it myself, so it wasn’t a big deal.” 

“Oh?” 

“What do you mean ‘oh’,” Nanako said. 

“I didn’t know you and Ryuji were that close.” 

“I wouldn’t say ‘close,’ I just think he sells himself short when it comes to his studies. I
promised I’d help him study a bit, that’s all” 

“Oh.” 

“There’s that ‘oh’ again,” Nanako said, sitting up. “…Wait, are you jealous?” 

“What would I have to be jealous about?” 

“I don’t know, me spending time with him,” Nanako said.

“Is that something worth getting jealous over?” Ren asked. 

“I mean, in certain situations, I guess,” Nanako said.

“What kind?” 

“What do you mean what kind, you know what kind,” Nanako said, her frown growing
deeper, her irritation rising.

“Obviously I don’t if I’m asking you,” Ren said, his own irritation starting to show in his
voice. 

“Oh my God, you are being ridiculous. Forget I said anything.” 

“Gladly. You’re the one bringing up stupid things about being jealous.” 

“Ugh!” 

Nanako hung up. 

Then threw the pillow on the ground.

Then kicked it.

“Why is he so impossible sometimes!” 



Chapter End Notes

I realized that in Chapter 148, I forgot to make a mention of Madarame during the final
shadow collapse in Mementos. I went back an added a reference (it's like 5 whole
words, so you don't have to go back and read it) but just FYI because you guys are super
smart and notice all the details.



Chapter 159: 5/14 - EXAM ANSWERS
Chapter Summary

Time to see how well you did! Compare your result with what the characters got for
these 5 questions and then post your results!

5 Correct - Nanako

4 Correct - Ren

3 Correct - Ann

2 Correct - Ryuji

1 Correct - Mishima

0 Correct - Flashy Student

1. What did Karl Jung call the version of ourselves that we present to the outside world? 

B. Persona

2. What is the simplest man-made device that can break the sound barrier? 

C. Whip

3. What is the traditional Japanese art form that uses only a fan as a prop? 

A. Rakugo

4. When was "taiko" invented? 

D. 1950s. 

5. The English word "gossip" being used as a noun is often attributed to which famous
English author? 

B. William Shakespeare 



Chapter 160: 5/14 - After School
Chapter Summary

Yusuke.

“Gaah, come on, seriously? The posts are getting lamer and lamer and less and less frequent.
We’re never gonna find a target this way…” Ryuji grumbled. The four of them were on the
train, and Ryuji was looking at his phone while leaning against one of the rails. Ren sat with
Mona and his bag in his lap, with Ann standing between the seated Ren and Nanako, who
held one of the overhead railings. 

“Ryuji, you’re being too loud,” Morgana said. “People can hear you.” 

“Ah, like they’re gonna figure out what I’m talking about,” Ryuji said. “You guys have any
more ideas?” 

He looked between Nanako and Ren. 

They were both looking away from each other. 

“Read the room, Ryuji,” Ann hissed. 

“Huh?” 

“These two are working through something,” Morgana explained.

“Really? You guys are fighting?” 

“No.” 

Both Nanako and Ren said it at the same time, both leaning on the word with tremendous
emphasis. Ryuji raised his hands in surrender. 

“Yeesh, I think I’ll just stay out of this one…” 

“Nanako,” Ann whispered, tugging at Nanako’s sleeve. Nanako let out an exasperated sigh.
She was sure Ann was going to try and help smooth things over with Ren, but Nanako
honestly wasn’t ready to be done being angry at Ren yet. She looked over at her, trying to
keep her face as irritated as possible. 

And then she saw the fear in Ann’s blue eyes. 

“It’s that guy…from before…” 



“Huh? From yesterday? But it was Niijima-” 

“No, no, I swear, I wanted to think it was Niijima too, but I recognize him this time. I saw
him there yesterday, and I’ve seen him for a few days.” 

The train came to a stop at the station and the boys got off. Nanako went with Ann, close to
her side, and navigated everyone onto the escalator. She grabbed Ryuji by the wrist and
pulled him on, since he was lollygagging. 

“Hey, what’s the rush?” Ryuji grumbled. 

“I think there’s a stalker following me,” Ann said with intensity. 

Ryuji yawned.

“Gee, thanks,” Ann said, rolling her eyes. 

“It’s fine. We’ll do the same thing as yesterday. I’ll split off left at the top, Ryuji you go right,
Ann keep walking steadily. When he makes a move towards you, we’ll converge in. And Ren
you’ll-” 

Nanako looked up at the escalator. Ren was gone. 

“What the…that…” 

“Hey, it’s almost time, we good?” Ryuji said, cracking his knuckles. 

“Easy, we’re not gonna beat him up. Yet.” 

The top of the escalator was approaching. Nanako could deal with her ever-growing
disappointment with Ren later - right now she had to help keep Ann safe. 

“Okay, well, see ya later! Have a safe walk home!” Nanako declared when she got to the top
of the escalator. Ann waved and kept walking while Ryuji turned without saying a word.
Nanako took a few steps to the side of the entrance and waited. 

A guy. Someone that Ann would be able to pick out of the crowd. Someone moving with
intention and with a demeanor that might otherwise make a young girl uncomfortable. 

There! 

It didn’t match the picture Ann had in her head. In fact, the figure approaching her was rather
lithe and graceful. Young, too, probably her own age. But not all stalkers were creepy
middle-aged men. If Ann felt uncomfortable, then that was enough. Besides, he was heading
straight for her. 

“All out attack!” Ryuji cried.

Ann spun around while Nanako and Ryuji rushed in from either side to form a quick
protective wall between Ann and the intruder. 



Nanako looked.

He was beautiful. Long blue hair, graceful refined features, a figure that was fragile like a
bird. 

He was also familiar. 

“You’re…” Nanako said, tapping her chin. “Wait, you’re the guy who looked at the rain that
one time.” 

“I’m…sorry?” the young man replied. “Have we met?” 

“Hey, that’s not what’s important here! Who the hell are you?” Ryuji demanded. 

“Kitagawa Yusuke, Kosei High School, Fine Arts Program, Year 2.” 

The voice came from a half-dozen steps behind the young man. It was Ren, holding an ID
card between his first two fingers. The young man, Kitagawa, spun around.

“How did you…ah, my ID!” 

“You dropped this,” Ren said, holding out a wallet. Kitagawa reached out and collected it
from Ren’s hands, all the while Nanako stared in amazement. She hadn’t seen Ren do any of
that - move away, into position, steal the wallet, then appear right where he was. It was an
incredible show of skill.

It was also pointlessly showy and for some reason it impressed and irked her all at once. Why
did he have to go through all the theatrics, why didn’t he just come right out and say what
was on his mind! 

…Was she complaining about how he dealt with Kitagawa, or with her phone call last night? 

“Why were you following our friend?” Ryuji said, continuing to keep on his intimidating
tough-guy tone. 

“I’m sorry, I didn’t meant to cause any concern…I was just so taken by your beauty, miss. I
became so overwhelmed by it that I couldn’t think of anything else…my heart was filled up
with an emotion so deep and powerful that it spurred me to action before any sense of
rationality could still me. And I’m glad it did not. For life is about seizing opportunity, and I
must seize what is in front of me!” 

“Um…okay…” Ann said. 

“I must ask you…will you…” 

“Oh come on, I see right through this pal, you’re not gonna go and-” Ryuji started. 

“Will you be the model for my next portrait?” 

Everyone stopped and stared.



“Portrait…?” 

“Yes. I am an artist studying under the master Japanese artist Madarame, and as your friend
there mentioned, a student at Kosei High School. I’m in need of a new subject for my next
work and I think you would be perfect. And exquisite model to take my work to the true level
of fine art!” 

“Fine art…?” Ann said, sounding a little hesitant and star struck all at once. 

“Yeah, okay buddy, we’re not buying it,” Ryuji said, taking a step forward. “What’s next, a
contract where she has to pay you in advance for the portrait? A loan you need to take out to
buy paints and canvas? This has gotta be a scam, right?” 

“Yusuke, there you are.” 

A kindly old man leaned his head out of the back of a black car. 

“Sensei!” 

“I wondered what happened to you when you bolted out of the car like that. But I see the
power of youth and the pursuit of true beauty are alive and well in you,” the older man said.
He then leaned back and started laughing. 

“The hell?” Ryuji said. 

“That’s the famous Japanese artist Madarame,” Nanako said. “I saw him being interviewed
on Good Morning Japan yesterday.” 

“So he’s…for real?” Ryuji said, looking at Kitagawa skeptically. 

“Seems so,” Nanako said. 

“This meeting has not gone very smoothly,” Kitagawa indicated. He reached into his wallet
and handed Ann a ticket. “If you are at all interested, then please come see sensei’s exhibit.
I’ll be there on Sunday helping out. You can see sensei’s artistry and skill and what I hope
you’ll help me attain. Oh, and here’s a spare for your friend. Now that I think of it, we did
speak once before, didn’t we? In the rain?” 

“Yes,” Nanako said. Kitagawa bowed slightly. 

“Then you probably have an eye for art appreciation as well. I do hope you’ll join us.” 

The horn honked on the car. 

“We have to go, Yusuke.” 

“Coming, sensei!” Kitagawa bowed. “It was nice meeting you.” 

He rushed off and slipped into the car. It pulled smoothly into traffic and vanished. 



“Can you believe that guy? What a sleaze.” Ryuji said. 

“Obviously after Lady Ann’s honor and integrity! The nerve of him!” Morgana declared. 

“You’re not gonna go, are you?” Ryuji asked.

“I think I might…” Ann said. “I’ll have to think about it.” 

“Huh? Really?” 

“We can go too,” Ren said, holding two fingers up once again. This time a pair of tickets
were balanced between them. “He dropped these.” 

Nanako rolled her eyes.

“You can’t steal your way through all your problems,” Nanako said. 

“Really? Because we are…you know…the Phantom…” Ren said, letting the sentence hang
in the air for Nanako to finish. 

“Come on Ann, let’s go home,” Nanako said, grasping her friend’s arm ad pulling her down
the street. 



Chapter 161: 5/14 - Evening
Chapter Summary

The Sisterhood of Twin Tails

“Are you really gonna go to that art thing?” Nanako asked Ann a few hours later. They were
at Nanako’s place, sitting at the table and munching away at snacks. 

“Yeah, I am. I mean it’s just modeling, but…it’s a different type of modeling. Like…’fine art’
is a big deal, right? This might go in a museum or something someday. I feel like it would be
more meaningful. If he’s good, that is.” 

“He has to be, right? I mean, I’m sure world famous artists don’t just take on random
people,” Nanako pointed out. 

“I guess we’ll find out…besides, there’s something else that’s been bothering me about this
situation. Didn’t Nakanohara mention Madarame?” 

“He did?” 

“Yeah. He said his name. I didn’t think much of it at the time, but it’s too unique to be a
coincidence, right? That’s gotta be him,” Ann said. 

“So…you think this Madarame might be a possible target?” 

Ann shrugged. “I dunno. But we don’t have any other leads, so what could it hurt to pursue
it?” 

“I guess so. I’ll go with you, if you want. When I was watching the interview on TV, there
was one picture in particular I wanted to see in person.” 

“That’d be great. I wouldn’t really want to go alone anyway…though I guess the guys could
come…” 

Nanako shrugged and opened up another snack bag. “If they want. Ryuji’s gonna be bored.” 

“I bet Ren appreciates art.” 

“Wouldn’t know. Didn’t ask. Wouldn’t get a straight answer from him even if I did.” 

“Come on, Nanako, are you really that mad at him?” Ann pushed. 

“Yes. No. Maybe. I don’t know.” 



Their conversation stopped with the sounds of keys in the front door. Nanako peered over and
saw Yu and Rise walking through the front. 

“Hello!” Yu said, giving a friendly wave.

“Oh hey there Ann-chan,” Rise said, smiling. Then she stopped smiling. “Uh oh, there’s a
girl-talk problem brewing here.” 

“Huh?” Yu said, confused.

“You gotta go,” Rise said, leaning against his back, shoving him with both hands.

“What, seriously? We just got home! I need to pee!”

“This is too important! Girl talk is occurring and we can’t have any boys around!”

I can just stay in the bedroom!”

“No, too close! Go to Yosuke’s for a while! Pee in his toilet!”

“Waaah, goodbye Nanako, good luuuuuuuuck~” Yu said, making his voice sound like he was
falling down a well as Rise slammed the door shut on him. 

“Uh, I mean, big bro can stay and-”

“He’s fine,” Rise said, sweeping into an empty chair. “Let the Sisterhood of Twin Tails
convene!” 

“Oh, huh, I guess we do all have similar hairstyles,” Ann said. 

“Because it’s the best one!” Rise declared. “Okay, seriously though, let’s figure this out.
What’s going on?” 

Nanako back-tracked to the night before and their awkward argument that Nanako still didn’t
really understand. Was he jealous of Ryuji? If so, why deny being jealous? Why go out of his
way to insist he wasn’t jealous? 

“When I did this crazy thing of following him to Tokyo, I was worried he’d end up thinking I
was a weirdo. Now we’re past that, and definitely friends, but…I just feel like I can’t get a
straight answer out of him, sometimes. I thought part of it was me going back to Inaba and
giving him bad memories, but I don’t think it has to do with that. Maybe he doesn’t like me?
But then I get vibes off of him that he does and…I don’t know.” 

Nanako slumped on the table, resting her chin on her folded arms.

“I’m confused.” 

“The first thing you have to understand is you can’t hold him to relationship standards if
you’re not in a defined relationship,” Rise stated, a small blush rising on her cheeks. “I uh…
kinda learned that one the hard way. When I first met Yu, I was pretty aggressive, and I…



sometimes got upset about things, even though we weren’t technically dating. I didn’t have a
right to be that possessive over him when we weren’t in a relationship. I either thought that it
was cute and would help me win him over, or I was being insecure. Probably both.” 

“You think I’m doing that?” Nanako asked, looking up from her slumped position. 

“Maybe a little. Not as badly as I used to, but you did accuse him of being jealous when
you’re not in a dating relationship.” 

“That’s true…” Nanako said. “Now I feel stupid.” 

“I don’t think you need to feel stupid,” Rise said. “Everything is a learning experience. I bet
you stumbled a bit with your first boy, eh Ann-chan?” 

“Oh, I’ve never had a boyfriend or anything like that,” Ann said. 

“Really? Huh, you’re so pretty and friendly, I figured you would’ve nabbed some sort of guy
by now…well, anyway, you’ve seen them together, Ann-chan, what do you think?” 

Ann shifted in her chair, a little uncomfortable.

“I think they’re cute together, and I think they’re very alike in a lot of ways. I definitely got
vibes off of Ren. But…maybe they’re not exactly compatible in some important areas?” 

“Like what?” Rise asked. 

“You’re the wise relationship expert, shouldn’t you tell us?” Ann asked.

“I don’t know Ren, so I can only offer so much,” Rise pointed out. “Just give your best
interpretation.” 

“Well, Nanako is very open and honest about her feelings, and Ren isn’t. Maybe that part is
too important for Nanako to overlook? Maybe she needs a guy that is a lot more heart-on-his-
sleeve?” 

“Hm, a good point. What do you think, Nanako?” 

“I don’t know,” Nanako admitted. “I hadn’t really thought of that…I guess I never really sat
down and figured out what kind of guy would be ideal for me. That seems sort of…I don’t
know, unromantic.” 

“I know how you feel,” Rise said. “But there can be a middle ground, can’t there?
Spontaneous romance, but filtered through a list of traits that come from understanding
yourself?” 

“Living with a contradiction,” Nanako said.

“Sure, that makes sense. What about you, Ann-chan? Do you have particular things you look
for?” 



“Oh, um, I mean, I guess…a sense of humor, and loyalty and quiet strength and
determination. I think those qualities are really admirable,” Ann said. 

“Ah, good ones! You have high standards, but you totally deserve them. Now what about you
Nanako?” 

“I don’t know…I think I need some time to think about it.” 

“Fair enough,” Rise said, crossing her arms. “Yes, I think that’s your answer. Think about
whether or not Ann-chan is right, and whether you need someone who is more expressive
with their feelings. What a great victory for the Sisterhood of Twin Tails!” 

They all laughed. 

“Now, who wants to go out and get crepes?” 

“Really? I mean, I don’t want to intrude,” Ann said.

“I insist that you come along,” Rise said. 

The sisterhood of twin tails went out to get crepes. 



Chapter 162: 5/15 - After School
Chapter Summary

Nanako faces herself. Sorta.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

“It’s over…” Ryuji said, gasping as if he had just come out from underwater. In reality, he
had just stepped off the train and into the Shibuya station, leading the rest of the Phantom
Thieves onto the platform.

“It’s over!” Ann said, a bit more jubiliant.

“It’s over,” Ren said with a nod.

“We did it!” Nanako said, trying to look cheery, but everyone just seemed tired. In all
honesty, Nanako was feeling pretty drained herself, and not just because of exams.

“Feels like we should celebrate or something, right?” Ryuji suggested.

“Let’s get lunch. We still have money leftover from the gold medal, right?” Ann said.

“Ooh! Then I want home-grown eel!” Ryuji said.

“Salmon roe!” Morgana added.

“We don’t have that much left, you dummies…”

“I think I’ll have to pass for today,” Nanako said. “But you guys have fun.”

“Oh, okay. Are you sure?” Ann said.

“Yeah, I just have some things to do.”

“Well, you’re coming to the Madarame exhibit tomorrow, right?”

“Yeah, definitely. Maybe we should all meet up here and go together?” Nanako suggested.

“Aw, come on, are we really going to that thing?” Ryuji complained.

“A Phantom Thief must have a sense of sophistication as well,” Morgana said, putting on airs
of being Ryuji’s tutor. “After all, how can an art thief do their job if they can’t tell a real from
a fake?”



“We’re stealing hearts, not paintings…besides, that guy didn’t even really invite us.”

“Ryuji, you’re going, shut up!” Ann said.

“Yes, ma’am,” Ryuji squeaked, standing at sudden attention.

“Right, see you all tomorrow,” Nanako said. She waved at everyone and started for the
apartment. She got all the way to the elevator before a text came in.

Pi pi pi.

 

REN: Hey. Sorry about the other day.

REN: You wanna hang out later? Get dinner, maybe?”

 

Nanako started to type her response automatically, but forced herself to slow down and take a
breath. She deleted what she wrote and instead put:

 

NANAKO: I’m sorry, I can’t.

REN: Oh. Okay.

 

No more messages came.

She went home. The discussion from the previous night’s Sisterhood of Twin Tails - was she
really going to call it that? - had given Nanako a lot to think about. She had resolved herself
earlier that day to go home and hav a long, contemplative think session. No distractions, no
TV, no phone, no computer, no internet. Just her, maybe a notebook, and her thoughts.

She was going to solve this whole Ren thing once and for all!

Nanako made herself a snack, found a nice notebook she bought at the train station once but
never used, grabbed a purple pen (because purple seemed to be the right color for working
through matters of the heart) and sat.

And sat.

And thought.

And sat.

And doodled.

And ate another snack.



And doodled some more.

Then she wrote down a list of groceries she wanted big bro to buy the next time he was at the
store.

And then a smaller list of chores she should accomplish today so that she could have a good
time tomorrow without worrying about anything.

She sighed.

She had thought that going home to have a long mature think session would be easy. And
productive.

In turned out, it was just kinda boring.

“Come on, Nanako, this is sad,” she said aloud to herself in the empty apartment. She stood
over by the beautiful windows that overlooked Shibuya, using the reflection of the glass to
stare herself down. “Figure it out! Use that Dojima Instinct!”

Nothing came to mind. She ran off to her room, got the Compendium, strapped it around her
body and then held it in one hand.

“Persona!”

Nothing.

“Maybe it’s just too quiet here,” she said to herself. “Oh! Talking to myself! That’s a method
for figuring things out, right?”

She set down the Compendium and then slipped big bro’s glasses on.

“Why yes, indeed, I believe I once read somewhere that self-talk is an excellent way to
process thoughts and emotions.”

Glasses off.

“Okay, well, here we go then. Do I like Ren?”

Glasses: “That much seems obvious, I don’t know why you’re even bothering to consider
such a basic question.”

Regular Nanako: “Because I have to start somewhere, stop being so judgmental. Okay, so I…
l…like Ren…”

Glasses: “If you can’t even say it to yourself, can you really be ready for these types of
mature feelings?”

Regular: “I said to stop being so judgmental!”

Glasses: “Don’t get mad at me, you’re the one who kept all the empathy.”



Regular: “Ugh, okay, this isn’t getting anywhere. I like Ren. But is he the kind of guy I want
to be with?”

Glasses: “The problem with your question is that you haven’t considered all of the other
factors of what it would mean to ‘be with’ him.”

Regular: “Huh? What the heck do you mean by that?”

Glasses: “Think it through for a second, Nanako. Three months ago your life was very, very
different. You lived in quiet, peaceful Inaba, and yet you didn’t have a good grasp of what
you wanted for your future. Now your life has completely changed and you still don’t have a
grasp of what you want for your future. Do you really think you can determine if someone
would be a good partner for your life if you don’t have a view of what that life is supposed to
look like?”

Regular: “So you’re saying that Ren might be too exciting if I want a quiet, normal life?”

Glasses: “Exciting? Is that what you think of him? Weren’t you just venting your frustrations
about how closed off he was, emotionally?”

Regular: “Well, yes, but that doesn’t mean he isn’t exciting. I mean, he is the leader of the
Phantom Thieves. He plans heists for fun. He knows how to pick locks and pickpocket and
he has a criminal record. Unjust, yes, but he has it all the same. That’s pretty exciting.”

Glasses: “Ah, hm. You’re right. Maybe he’s not a suitable match at all, he is far too
‘exciting.’”

Regular: “Aw, come on!”

Glasses: “Think it through, me. What kind of future would that be? What kind of job is he
going to get?”

Regular: “What if I don’t care? What if I want to live on the outskirts of society with him? Or
maybe we move overseas where nobody cares about all this crap that society shoves down on
us. Or maybe we open a coffee shop in Inaba, or work at the Amagi Inn or…”

Glasses: “Do you think he would be happy doing any of that?”

Regular: “I have no idea.”

Glasses: “Because he’s not emotionally available!”

Regular: “Yet! But…I still think there’s a chance. Maybe we just haven’t been giving this
enough time. I mean, you yourself said it’s only been about three months. That’s not a lot of
time to get to know someone, and some people open up slower than others. Just because I’m
ready to jump into the next level of a relationship doesn’t mean that he has to be. And it’s not
fair for me to make him keep at my pace.”

Glasses: “Oh ho, so you do want a romantic relationship with him, how very interesting…”



Regular: “I just…I’ve been waiting for my real life to start for so long now. And now it has,
as a Phantom Thief! In Tokyo! I guess I’m just being impatient.”

Glasses: “Maybe. But you have to consider the possibility that you might wait and wait and
wait and he never changes. It isn’t selfish to be realistic, me.

Regular: “I know, me. I guess the only thing we can do now is…wait a bit. See what
happens.”

Glasses: “But we also keep our options open. No more pining away for him late at night or
whispering his name into your pillow!”

Regular: “Hng! How did you know that!?”

Glasses: “Because I’m you, remember?”

The front door opened. Big bro kicked off his shoes and let out a long sigh, releasing all the
stress from the day.

“I’m home,” he called out. Nanako quickly removed the glasses and slipped them into her
front pocket, then quickly shoved the Compendium under a couch cushion.

“Hi big bro,” Nanako called back. Yu looked around the living room area, glanced at the TV,
then back at the kitchen.

“Is someone here?”

“No, just me.”

“Oh. Weird, I thought I heard you talking to someone,” Yu said. Nanako blushed.

“I was uh, talking to myself,” she said. Yu nodded.

“Did you answer yourself?”

“Yes,” she said.

“Well, that’s good. Nothing worse than ignoring yourself,” he said with a smile. Nanako
wasn’t sure if he was being serious or not, but she appreciated the words all the same.

“Hey, Rise is performing a show next week. Do you want to go? I have to go for work,
anyway, but if you’re not busy…”

“That’d be fun!” Nanako said, sitting up.

“You want to bring any friends?” Yu asked.

“Oh. Um. Maybe? Let me think about it a bit.”

“Sure, sure, just let me know by Tuesday. I’m going to wash up.”



Big bro left the living room and head to his bedroom. Nanako retreated to her own, making
sure to take the glasses and Compendium and put them back in their proper hiding places in
her room.

That was a little close. Next time she would have to have conversations with herself in her
room. Or maybe use a different prop.

Glasses Nanako wasn’t very nice, after all. `1

Chapter End Notes

I'm loving all the theories about who is going to end up with, ship-wise. I'm looking
forward to making you all angry later on when I disappoint you!

Some behind the scenes, though: I have most of my pairings already picked out, though
I'm definitely a "pantser" at heart, so if the characters do something I wasn't quite
expecting then I of course will change my mind. But I think I like what I've picked.

I also picked things that are probably sorta unconventional at best and controversial at
worst. But I look forward to discussing it with awesome Persona fans like you guys. I've
learned so much and thought about some really interesting things as a result of your
comments, so thank you so much for your continued support!



Chapter 163: 5/15 - Evening
Chapter Summary

"And no one ate dinner that night..."

"Surprisingly, we have the ingredients to make pork ginger," Yu Narukami muttered to
himself.

Nanako and Rise were in the living room watching TV. Nanako had mentioned that she was
going with her friends to an art gallery opening. Knowing how ridiculously expensive
museum food can be, Yu thought it might be nice to make Nanako a lunchbox for her to take.
After all, she did spend all the time to buy groceries every week, and make dinner regularly.

That night's dinner had been excellent - delicious and energizing. So there was no way that
her big bro was going to fail in this task!

He gathered the ingredients and set them next to the sink. He was about to begin, when his
mind was struck by a sudden lightning bolt of blankness.

"How am I supposed to prepare the meat..."

He stared down at the uncooked pork. Three things leapt to mind at once.

"Soak it in oil, score it with a knife, or blanch it..."

Come on, think, Narukami! You can't let down Nanako! You can't fail in this most simple of
tasks, especially as she struggles through the life of a high schooler!

With a flourish, he grasped the kitchen knife and made rapid slice marks across the top of the
pork before he cooked it. The scoring made the meat tender and the helped to soak in the
seasonings, resulting in Aromatic Pork Ginger!

Yu carefully stacked the Pork Ginger with the rest of the rice and other side dishes into the
bento box, found a pretty bento cloth and then tied it all together with a fancy string. It was a
lovely bento, and Yu wondered if he should spend more time making them - not only for
Nanako, but for himself as well.

Of course that would mean he would need more time...something he was seemingly short on
right now. Oh well. He was grateful for the moment to provide this for her.

"Nanako, I made a lunch for you for tomorrow," Yu called out.

"Really? Thanks big bro! I really appreciate that!"



"It was no problem. Besides, I feel like my proficiency increased a bit," Yu said, striking a
pose and leaning against a nearby wall. "I will be Masterful soon."

"Hey, Master Yu," Rise said, pointing at him. "You have sauce on your nose."

"Damn."



Chapter 164: 5/16 - Daytime
Chapter Summary

The Phantom Thieves look at art.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

"Wow!" Ann said, mouth agape. "You look great!"

Nanako blushed, suddenly feeling extremely self-conscious. She had spent so much time
getting ready that she had actually told Ann to go ahead of her, and that she'd meet her and
the boys at the museum, and now she definitely wished she hadn't.

"Yeah, and you look uh...normal," Nanako muttered. She felt her shoulders rolling forward,
as if somehow she could fold herself into nothingness and become invisible. Ann frowned,
took two hopping steps forward and grabbed onto Nanako's shoulders, pushing them back to
help her stand up straight.

"Hey, no slouching."

"Why are you wearing regular clothes?" Nanako hissed.

"Why are you all dressed up?" Ryuji asked in a confused tone, as if Nanako was wearing an
arctic parka or Teddie's costume.

"Shut up, Ryuji!" Ann snapped. Ryuji just looked confused.

Nanako felt stupid.

She was wearing a soft pink dress made of a fine satin that was cinched at the waist with a
matching ribbon. She wore a low, black heel with white stockings, had her hair down, and a
simple gold chain around her neck with a single white pearl - a bridesmaid's gift that her
mom had given her the day she and dad got married.

She had even spent the time to get a matching shade of lipstick on and spent forever trying to
find a way to make the Compendium not look bulky and out of place on her shoulders, finally
deciding to just wear it since people didn't notice it anyway. She had her phone and wallet
tucked into the front cover of the Compendium, using it as a makeshift purse.

"I...I've never been to a museum, I thought you know, in the movies...they're always dressed
up and..." Nanako looked down, feeling the blush burn bright on her cheeks. "We don't have
anything like this in Inaba..."



"Hey, it's okay! People get dressed up to go to the museums! We didn't, but you won't be out
of place there," Ann said, reassuringly.

"She'll look out of place next to us," Ryuji muttered.

"You look out of place everywhere," Ann said with a glare. Ryuji stuck his tongue at her in
his most mature act of defiance.

"You look nice," Ren added, his deep voice cutting through the din around them. Nanako's
blush reddened even more.

"Can we just stop talking about how I look? Let's just go!"

The Phantom Thieves went to the museum.

It took longer than Nanako would have thought to enter, but it was opening day, she
supposed. Ann was right, there were many people dressed up to enter the museum, and
Nanako didn't look out of place at all - well except when she was standing next to Ryuji in his
777 Jacket. Maybe they ought to get him a nicer one...

"Whoah, so crowded..." Morgana said, craning himself out of the bag.

"Hey, keep your head down. It'll be a real pain in the ass if someone sees you," Ryuji said.

"Yeah, yeah, I know," Morgana grumbled.

"Don't make me have Ren button-mash you again."

"Button-mash?" Nanako asked.

"We were caught with Morgana on the train," Ren said, as if that somehow would clarify
everything.

"Hello, and welcome to the museum," a young woman wearing a docent's uniform said.
"May I have your tickets?"

The Thieves produced them and she tore them meticulously, one by one, handing them their
stubs and providing them with a sticker. The sticker had a copy of one of Madarame's works -
a fiery and colorful conflagration - as the background. "Exhibit Madarame" was printed over
the background in golden characters.

"Even the stickers are fancy," Ryuji remarked.

They strode in and glanced around. Nanako was struck by the dizzying impact of so many
paintings. Nanako was hardly an art expert, but she had done a little research and found out
that one of the things that made Madarame remarkable was his ability to paint in multiple
styles. She just had no idea it was so many differnet styles...

"You came!"



They turned to see Kitagawa rushing over, looking well-kept and dapper in his long sleeved
white shirt and skinny trousers. His body was so lithe that it bordered on frail, but somehow
it just made him seem elegant. He had a small badge hanging from his belt, something to do
with access to the exhibit.

He turned to the boys.

"You...all came? Strange, I thought I only gave you two tickets..."

"Well, this guy here can't get enough art," Ryuji said, throwing his arm around Ren and
pulling him close. "He just goes crazy for it. Guy practically drinks paint to survive."

"I see...well, I hope you enjoy yourselves," he said, his rich voice a mixture of elegant
politeness and dismissive curtness. He directed his attention fully onto Ann. "I'd like to give
you a guided tour and talk about our potential collaboration. If you're comfortable with that,
of course."

"Uh, yeah, sure. Do you mind if Nanako tags along?"

Kitagawa looked at Nanako and nodded. "Yes, that will be fine...so long as we have a chance
to discuss."

Ann turned to the boys. "See you guys in a bit."

Ryuji rolled his eyes and motioned for Ren to follow him in the opposite direction. Nanako
turned and followed Kitagawa and Ann, but kept her distance. It seemed like Kitagawa
wanted to be able to talk about the art project without her, but Ann wanted the back-up,
which Nanako understood. She'd play chaperone.

Which made her little tour of the Madarame exhibit a bit lonely, standing a painting behind
Kitagawa and Ann while he waxed poetic about each piece. Nanako could catch bits and
pieces of what he said, but she was mostly left alone to her own thoughts.

It was definitely weird how versatile Madarame's art was. And weird was the correct word
for it, though Nanako couldn't exactly express why. It felt like she was at a gallery for a lot of
different people, rather than one man who was experimenting with different art styles. Each
piece was trying to communicate something to the viewer, but the heart and message of each
piec seemed so different from the last.

Or maybe she was just assuming she could "feel the painting~" because of their time in the
Metaverse. Maybe she was just over-estimating herself.

"Excuse me, um...?"

Nanako turned around to see Kitagawa looking at her.

"Hm? Oh, sorry, am I standing in your way?"

"Not at all. I was just going to ask you how you felt about the painting, but then realized I
didn't get your name."



"Huh? Ann told you, didn't she?"

"Well, yes, but I mean...that's a bit forward..."

"Oh, right!" Nanako felt herself turn red from embarrassment for the third time in a day. Or
was it fourth already? "Dojima. Nanako Dojima."

"Dojima-san, what do you think about this painting?" Kitagawa said, gesturing at the
conflagration of reds and orange on the wall.

"This is the one on the sticker," Nanako pointed out. "I think it's my favorite one by far."

Kitagawa seemed surprised at that. "Really? Why?"

"Mm, I mean I'm not an art expert or anything, but I can just feel the anger in this work...like
there's a deep, deep frustration that the artist is trying to get out but remains unsatisfied."

"I see...that's perhaps accurate," he said quietly.

"Kind of odd for a famous artist to feel this level of frustration," Nanako said. "I mean, what
does he have to be frustrated about?"

"Creating art is a lot more painful than you might think, Dojima-san," Kitagawa said.

"Well, sure, I know that, I have a couple of friends in the arts...but I don't know. Is this an
older piece? No wait, it says right there it was painted this year...I wonder what he has to be
so frustrated about."

"You are quiet the skilled critic," Kitagawa said.

"Huh? Oh, no way, this is the first time I've ever been to a musuem. I mean, look at me, I'm
dressed like Cinderella at the ball..."

"What's wrong with that?"

"Huh? Well, it's just...a bit much, don't you think?"

"Not at all. If this was your first time to an art museum, that would be cause to mark the event
as special. If those clothes helped you to express your heart, then they are the perfect thing to
wear."

"I...um...thank you," Nanako said, so quiet it was almost a whisper. She felt her heartbeat
bashing in her ears. It was such a perfect thing to say - no focus on how good she did or did
not look, no discussion about what anyone else was doing.

Clothes as an expression of the heart. The outer showing the inner.

More contradictions.

"A different girl today, Yusuke?"



The two teens turned to the elder artist, ready with his warm, kindly smile. Nanako gave a
slight bow.

"Hello, Madarame-san. Your artwork is incredible."

"Thank you. It's nice to see the youth taking an interest. It's your generation that's the future
of Japnaese art, after all. People like Yusuke will need people like you to appreciate his work
once I'm dead and gone."

"I'll do my best," Nanako said. Ann returned, coming from around a corner, to rejoin Nanako
and Kitagawa. Madarame raised an eyebrow.

"Oh, I see...well, I'll leave you to it, Yusuke."

"Yes, sensei."

After another twenty minutes, they had seen all the paintings they could. Ann and Kitagawa
traded contact information, said their thank yous and goodbyes.

"It was nice chatting with you earlier," Kitagawa said to Nanako. "Perhaps we'll run into each
other again at the station."

"Yeah, that'd be...cool. Thanks for your hospitality."

They went to the front door. Ann was glowering.

"Seriously? They took off without us?"

Nanako sighed. "Well, they probably got hungry or something stupid...let's check the station."

Chapter End Notes

Sorry for the delay on this one. The major plot beats are always tricky.

I'm also sad that I had to give away Ann's moment. Her identifying the feelings in
Yusuke's painting is one of my character moments for her, but Nanako had to steal it
away to set things up correctly.

Thanks to all the new commenters and readers! I'll reply to you all soon.

Btw, fun fact: I hate love triangles. I have no idea why I'm doing this to myself.



Chapter 165: 5/16 - Afternoon
Chapter Summary

Discussions about Madarame.

"Hey! Why'd you guys ditch us?" Ann yelled as she and Nanako appraoched the boys at the
station. Ryuji was reclining on the ground, scrolling fervently through his phone while Ren
did his usual leaning and vanishing into the background.

"Huh? We didn't ditch you, there was this massive crowd that started pushing and - ah,
nevermind, it's not important. Come on, I gotta show you this...as soon as I find it..."

"Lady Ann! Are you all right!? He didn't try anything, did he?" Morgana said, panicked, his
fuzzy little ears on pointed alert .

"Who? Kitagawa-kun? No, he was fine, all we talked about was art and what he wanted to
paint," Ann said. "Well, he sorta talked about what he wanted to paint. I wasn't following
along that well, to be honest."

"Thank goodness. I was worried he might ensnare you in his charms," Morgana continued.
Ann rolled her eyes and pet Morgana on the head.

"What do you have for us?" Nanako asked, trying to redirect the conversation.

"Just a sec...here it is. Check it out."

Ryuji held up his phone. It was set to the Phansite, to one of the forum threads suggesting
possible targets for the Phantom Thieves. Nanako took the phone and read it aloud.

"There's a master of the Japanese arts who is a fraud. He plagiarizes the ideas of his abuses
his students and sucks them dry of their talent, their hopes, and their dreams, then tosses them
aside like used paintbrushes," Nanako read, her stomach sinking deeper into her with every
word. "That's horrible."

"Yes. And if we combine this with the information we got from Mementos..." Ren said.

"Oh, right, that shadow said Madarame didn't he?" Ann pointed out.

"There's a couple of responses in the thread...who's Admin? Is that Mishima?"

"Mhm," Ren said.

Nanako read.



Admin: Who is it? Who is this artist? 

Anon: I can't say. I know this forum is anonymous or whatever, but he'll know. He's' too
powerful, and he's already ruined all my chances in the art world...who knows what kind of
shady people he knows. I've probably already said too much.

"This artist is scary," Nanako said, handing the phone back to Ryuji.

"Right? I think we've found our next target," Ryuji said, grinning with a hungry excitement.

"Hold on," Nanako said. "We can't just assume that what was written here was 100% true or
accurate. It could be a different artist."

"But that Shadow said Madarame!" Ryuji argued.

"True. But what if it was a different Madarame for a different reason? And, we need to take a
look at the opposing evidence."

"Opposing evidence?"

"Kitagawa-kun," Nanako pointed out. "He didn't seem abused to me. Ann?"

"Well...not really. I mean, he looks a little thin, but that could just be genetics. And he had
nothing but kind words to say about his sensei the whole time we were looking at his works,"
Ann said.

"What if it was Kitagawa that wrote the post!" Ryuji exclaimed, excited again. "What if that's
why he invited us here, to try and get us to see the phony that Madarame really is?"

"You dummy, Kitagawa doesn't know we're the Phantom Thieves," Morgana said. Ryuji
slumped.

"Oh, right..."

"Kitagawa could be too afraid to say anything," Ren pointed out. "Think of all of
Kamoshida's victims. He had tremendous power over everything, and he was just a high
school volleyball coach. Madarame is a major power in the art world. Kitagawa could be
experiencing that and putting on a brave face to make sure he can succeed."

"You think he would go that far?" Nanako asked.

"Kamoshida had star volleyball players, didn't he?" he countered.

Nanako put her hand to her chin and thought. Ren had a good point.

"This is a lead," Ren said. "It's not enough evidence to know for certain Madarame could be a
target, but there's not enough contrary evidence to prove he isn't. So we need to investigate
more."

"How? We can't find the guy who wrote the post, can we? I don't know anything about that
kind of computer stuff," Ryuji said.



"We don't need to. We have an in," Ren said, looking to Ann. "Did you agree to do the
modelling?"

"Huh? Oh, well, I said I would think about it. I was kinda leaning towards doing it, so-"

"Perfect," Ren said. "You'll make arrangements to meet up with him, and we'll talk to him.
Maybe we can get Kitagawa to tip us off, one way or the other."

He turned and looked at Nanako.

"What do you think?"

"It's a good plan," Nanako said. "And fair."

"Great. Ryuji, Ann, Morgana?"

"I'm in," said Ryuji.

"Yeah, me too. We should seek out the truth, no matter where it takes us," Ann said.

"Doing reconnaissance work, a stylish and necessary step for a Phantom Thief," Morgana
said, giving his best cat-flourished-bow with his front paws.

"Okay. I'll contact Kitagawa-kun later and let you know what he says," Ann said. Her phone
chimed and she glanced at. "Shoot, I gotta go. There's a shoot downtown that they need me
on. See you guys later."

Ryuji yawned. "I'm going home. All that art made me sleepy."

That left Ren, Nanako, and Morgana on the platform.

"I think I'll head home," Nanako said.

"Me too," Ren said.

They stood there.

"Oh, right, we have to take the same train..." Nanako said.

"Yeah."

They stood some more.

"Geez, come on you guys, just talk it out already," Morgana said. "It's too awkward for all of
us."

"There's nothing to talk out," Nanako said, trying to summon up her anger to help bolster her
resolve.

"I..." Ren started. Then he said nothing for a while.



"Sometimes I need a long time to think about what I want to say before I can say it," Ren
said. "And when I try to speak too quickly...I say the wrong things. Sorry about what I said
with Ryuji. He's a good guy."

Nanako felt a weird lump of emotions - as if anger and guilt and confusion and infatuation
were all colors, and a child had smeared them into a muddy brown mixture in her heart.

"It's fine," Nanako said. "I mean...people fight sometimes, right? It's natural."

"Yeah."

The train came to a stop and they got onto it. Maybe Nanako hadn't figured out anything
important about how she felt with Ren, but at least it was a bit less awkward to stand next to
him now.

"What was your favorite painting?" Nanako asked suddenly.

"Hmm...the bright sunset-like one. The one on the sticker."

"Mine too. It's funny, though...didn't feel like Madarame could've painted something like that.
Not that I know anything about art."

"Huh. That's interesting," Ren said. "But you could be right. If the post is true, maybe
someone else painted it."

"Huh," Nanako said.

Maybe she needed to talk to someone who knew more about art...



Chapter 166: 5/16 - Evening
Chapter Summary

A (cute) artist's perspective.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

"Art?" Kanji said, looking a little bewildered on the screen. Nanako had asked if they could
video-chat that evening. Nanako sat cross-legged on her bed, staring down at her computer
screen. Kanji was videoing through one of his cameras in his studio.

"I dunno if I'd call what I do art, at least not in the way you're talkin' about it," he said. "What
is this for some kinda school project or something?"

"Something like that, yes," Nanako said. "I mean, I know you make cute things and teach
other people how to craft cute things, but that's art! In fact, they would call it folk art in a lot
of textbooks. And you make your videos, which is a different kind of art."

"Yeah, true. Still, if you're looking for help with Art History, I ain't got that kinda
knowledge."

"I don't need that kind of help," Nanako said. "I guess what I want to know is...can you feel
the artist through the art?"

"Well, yeah, that's the whole point of it."

"No, I don't mean feel what the artist is trying to convey, I mean like...okay, so you have
those doll patterns that you did tutorials for, right? Two people could make the same thing,
with the same materials, following the same instructions and they look identical...could you
tell the difference?"

Kanji folded one his big hands around his chin.

"Hmm...yeah, probably. But that's because part of what you're saying doesn't make any sense.
It's impossible for two people to make something look identical. With anything handmade,
there's always going to be little changes. They make mistakes, or they just do things with a
little bit of a different style. Even if you couldn't point it out, I think you'd just feel it. Naoto
would probably say something about the subconscious, but it's really just a gut thing. That's
why it's valuable for everyone to make things. There's room for everyone's special touches."

Nanako had a big smile. Even in casual conversaiton, Kanji could be so inspirational.



"I mean, you played piano, so you know what I'm talking about. Two people play the same
song it'll always sound different."

It clicked in Nanako's head.

That's what Mei was detecting. The difference in how Nanako was playing music was
like...her musical fingerprint. The special way she played was shaped by who she was.
Kanji's cute crafts were shaped by who he was. And the paintings that Madarame made
would be shaped by who he was.

But that painting, the one on the sticker, that was shaped by someone else's life. It had to be.
She couldn't prove it or explain it, but she knew it.

It was a gut thing.

"Thanks, Kanji," Nanako said. "That helped a lot."

"Really? Oh, all right, that was easy. You're doing okay over there in the city, right? I heard
Yosuke is teaching at your school now."

"Yeah, he took over for that other coach," Nanako said.

"Well that's a relief. But if there's any more creeps over there, tell me right away, you got it?"

"I'll be fine, Kanji. Thanks for the offer, though."

"Yeah. Okay. Hey, I'll be in Tokyo soon, I'll drop by. Tell your big bro I'll call him."

"I will. Good night, Kanji."

"Night, Nanako."

The call ended. Nanako folded her laptop closed and leaned back on the bed.

She wondered...could she really just trust her gut on choosing Madarame as a potential
target?

Pi pi pi

ANN: Kitagawa-kun said he's available tomorrow after school and he gave me the address to
his sensei's attellier. 

RYUJI: Hell yeah, then it's a plan. We head over right after school tomorrow and figure this
out! 

REN: Sounds good. Can you make it, Nanako? 

NANAKO: Yeah, I'll be there, no problem.

She put her phone down. She supposed she'd get an answer one way or the other tomorrow.

There was a sudden knock on her door.



"Hey, Nanako..." Yu said through the door. "...you didn't eat my bento."

Nanako gasped.

"Ah, big bro, I'm sorry! I was in a rush and totally forgot about it!"

"Ah, yeah, that...makes sense...don't worry about it...it probably wasn't very good anyway..."

"No, no, I'll eat it right now!"

"It's not good anymore. It's okay, Nanako."

She heard him step away from the door. Nanako groaned and fell back into the bed again.

Chapter End Notes

Actually it was me who forgot to have Nanako eat the bento. I'm sorry, Nanako. I'll
make it up to you.



Chapter 167: 5/17 - Morning
Chapter Summary

Someone's not leveling their Proficiency.

"I'm sure you've seen your share of our school on the news these days," Ushimaru-sensei
began as he started writing his notes for the lecture on the board. "But try not to believe what
you see of every expert opinion or every piece of so-called evidence. Now I'm not saying
what that certain individaul did was right, but you still need to have healthy amount of
skepticism."

Nanako had to admit that despite being the grumpiest of her teachers, Ushimaru-sensei did
care a lot about his students. He was stern, but he was always making sure to tell them to
think for themselves and to not be drawn in by a single news source, and to keep a "healthy
skepticism" about everything.

She wondered what he would think about "stealing hearts" and the Metaverse.

"You should of course have morals, ethics, values...but if you hold onto them too strongly,
you can be manipulated by them. In fact there's a psychological phenomenon that occurs
where a person views every fact as evidence that their strongly held belief is true. Do you
know what it's called, Amamiya-kun?"

Nanako watched as Ren looked up sharply. He adjusted his glasses and held a long silence.

He didn't know!

"This is why you need..." Ushimaru-sensei said, slowly turning around.

"Oh shoot, it's the Ushimaru bullet!" a student whispered.

"...to pay attention!"

The chalk zipped in a straight line across the room. Ren tried to tip his head out of the way,
but was just a bit too slow. It bounced off his cheek. Everyone laughed.

"Mishima, do you know?"

"C-c-c-confirmation bias, sensei!"

"Very good."

Ren wiped his cheek.






Chapter 168: 5/17 - After School
Chapter Summary

Shack.

"We're all here," Morgana announced as Nanako approached the rest of the team. They were
waiting along the accessway in the Shibuya station where they needed to pick up the Ginza
line to get to Madarame's place.

"So is this the new hideout?" Nanako asked. The others looked at each other and shrugged.

"Sometimes hiding in plain sight is the best move a cunning thief can make," Morgana
pointed out.

"Huh, yeah I guess so. Not like someone's gonna question a buncha teenagers standin'
around," Ryuji said.

"It'll do for now," Ren said. "Shall we?"

They boarded the train. Though some of the awkwardness between Nanako and Ren had been
cleared up with yesterday's talk, Nanako still felt a strange distance between them. She
supposed that all of this was too complicated to be settled as quickly as she wanted it to be.
But at least now, as Phantom Thieves, they could work together. If she threw all of her
concentration into the task at hand, then all the other stuff could fade into the background for
a while.

That might be best for both of them.

The got off at the closest possible station and then walked the rest of the way. The
neighborhood was pretty middle-of-the-road, neither too expensive nor too rundown, but the
"attellier" stood out.

"Yesterday, Madarame used the word 'shack' to describe his home," Ren said. "I guess he
wasn't lying."

"Do people seriously live here?" Ryuji asked. "Ann, go ring the bell."

"What? Why me? I don't want to make it collapse..."

"Nobody sneeze," Morgana warned, jokingly. Nanako shook her head.

"City kids," she mumbled, then shot a glance at Ren, who smirked. Nanako pushed the
doorbell, then grabbed Ann by the arm and pulled her over to the intercom.



"Who is it?" It was Kitagawa-kun's deep voice coming through the speaker. "Sensei is busy at
the moment, so you'll have to come another time."

"It's Takamaki," Ann said.

There was a sharp gasp. "I'll be right there!"

"Huh, people really do live here..." Ryuji said.

"Takamaki-san, I'm glad you've-...oh."

Kitagawa's face, which had been bright-eyed and excited, drooped at the sight of the gathered
Phantom Thieves. Ryuji caught the shift in his expression, leaned forward, and grinned at
him.

"Heya buddy. Did you miss me?"

"Not particularly," Kitagawa said, his voice growing more imperious.

"We're sorry to trick you," Nanako said. "But we wanted to ask you about something.
Soemthing pretty serious."

"Madarame's been plagiarizing stuff, right?" Ryuji said, cutting straight to the point. Nanako
shot him a "what are you doing!?" look, but Ryuji didn't see it. Kitagawa's demeanor shifted
from irritation to increduility.

"And where did you get an idea like that?"

"We read about it online! It said there was abuse and...he stole...art...and..." Ryuji said, his
confidence flagging as he realized he didn't have a lot to back up the accusation. After all,
what was he supposed to say? A shadow in Mementos told us!

Kitagawa's mouth curled into a tight-lipped smile. Then he leaned back and laughed - a
laughter that sounded almost evil with his low voice.

"What a preposterous notion!" He declared, sounding both defiant and patronizing. "The
greatest Japanese artist living today, plagiarizing? Do you know how impossible that is? And
abuse? Abuse of who, his students? I am his student, and I'm saying there's no abuse. In fact,
it's quite the opposite. I had no family, and sensei took me in and raised me, trained me, never
asking me for anything in return. He not only has a keen eye for beauty, but an
overflowlingly generous heart."

"If you owe so much to him, you may not recognize that you're being abused," Ren said.

The statement sliced through like a knife. Everyone was painfully silent. Even the birds went
still.

Kitagawa's eyes darkened and his posture changed. Though he was thin and lithe, he looked
ready to pounce. It reminded Nanako of the fox back in Inaba - small, but dangerous.



"How dare you besmirch the name of such a great man," he said, cold and furious. "How dare
you approach me with the drivel of the jealous!"

"Yusuke, is everything all right?"

Madarame appeared in the doorway, looking concerned. "I heard shouting," he said.

"Sensei, these brats were spewing filthy lies!"

"Brats!?" Ryuji said. "We're the same age!"

"Let it go, Yusuke," Madarame said, his voice soothing.

"But sensei-"

"Let it go and forgive them." The great artist took a step forward and rested his hand on
Yusuke's shoulder. The touch soothed the fire burning inside Yusuke and his posture relaxed.
"There are many rumors written about me. There always have been and there always will be.
We've talked about this."

"I know, sensei, but..."

"You're the young lady from yesterday, aren't you?" Madrame asked, looking at Ann.

"Yes, I am," she said.

"You see, Yusuke? They read these rumors and became concerned for their friend. You
should be honored, not offended. Now, I am sorry to butt in on your conversation, but I do
have neighbors...would you mind keeping it down a little?"

Madarame offered a polite bow and then stepped back into his crumbling shack. Kitagawa
stood straight, shut his eyes, and took a deep breath.

Then he gave a slight bow.

"I apologize. I was discourteous."

"We're sorry, too," Ann said. Ryuji opened his mouth to interject, but Nanako elbowed him.

"Ah, I know what to do," Kitagawa said, reaching into his pocket. "When words do not reach,
art must speak. Perhaps if you viewed sensei's defining work, you would understand him
better."

He rapidly went through commands on his phone, then showed the screen to the assembled
group. The painting on the screen was beautiful - a woman painted in a traditional Japanese
style. She had fine black hair and a red shirt and was smiling down into a cloud of silver fog.

It reminded Nanako of Yukiko. So much so that it actually made Nanako miss Yukiko in that
moment. It was a very moving piece.



"It's beautiful..." Ann whispered.

"Indeed. It's the piece that made me pursue the path of art."

"Yeah I mean...even I'm feelin' something from it," Ryuji said.

"A true testament to sensei's skill," Kitagawa said with a smirk. Nanako coughed out a laugh.
Ryuji looked confused but shrugged it off. Kitagawa turned to Ann.

"When I saw you, I felt the same way I did when I first saw this painting. The purpose of my
life is to pursue beauty and express it to the world, and I believe that painting you would
bring me along that path."

"M-me? Really?"

"Yes. I seriously implore you to seriously consider my offer. Now, I'm very sorry that you
came all this way, but I have to assist sensei today."

"Kitagawa-kun," Nanako interrupted. "What's the name of the painting?"

"Oh, yes. It's called 'Sayuri.'"

Nanako heard a sound. It was small and sudden, and she was the only one that caught it. In
fact, for a moment she wasn't even sure it happened. But she knew it to be true.

Ren had gasped when Kitagawa said "Sayuri."

He bowed, then returned to the inside of the shack. The Phantom Thieves left the entrance
and walked across the street to lean by a railing. Ryuji was rubbing the back of his head.

"We messed up, didn't we? They seem like really nice guys," Ryuji said with a sigh. "Man,
just when I thought we found a new target, too."

"Maybe the Madarame we heard about in Mementos meant another Madarame?" Ann
suggested.

"I don't know..." Nanako said. "The evidence doesn't seem to line up correctly to our
assumptions. They seem to have a really strong bond. But my gut is telling me we weren't
totally wrong..."

"There's a faster way to settle this," Ren said, holding out his phone. "Ichiryusai Madarame."

"Candidate found"

"What!?" Ann gasped.

"That guy seriously has a palace?" Ryuji questioned.

"Hold on," Nanako said. "We used the MetaNav to locate Nakanohara, too. We'd have to
verify it's not just a shadow in Mementos."



"Plagiarism," Ren said into the phone. "Shack."

"Candidate found".

"He really does have a palace..." Ann said. Morgana leapt out of Ren's bag and onto the
railing.

"Then all we need is the distortion to allow us to enter. It would be a strange word, much the
same way Kamoshida's was 'castle.' "

"Well, he's an artist, so it has to be art-related, right?" Ann suggested.

"Psh, but Kamoshida wasn't really a king," Ryuji said. "He just thought of himself as one."

"So...what does Madarame think of himself as?" Nanako suggested.

"A teacher," Ren said. "So...school?"

"No candidates found."

"If he's abusing people then...prison?" Ryuji suggested.

"No candidates found."

"Paint store?" Ann said.

"No candidates found."

"Paint store? Really?" Ryuji said.

"What, it's worth a try!"

Nanako shut her eyes to concentrate. The image of Sayuri, and Yukiko, wouldn't leave her
head. And for some reason she couldn't get the image of a golden birdcage out of her mind.
Somehow those images were connected deeply together, though Nanako couldn't figure out
why.

"Bird cage," she said.

"No candidates found."

Ren adjusted his glasses.

"Museum."

"Beginning navigation."



Chapter 169: 5/17 - Museum of Vanity
Chapter Summary

The Phantom Thieves go to the museum

"Ack, Mona!"

Nanako leapt back, surprised that the small cat had turned into the three foot tall Phantom
Thief. Morgana looked down at his hands.

"We're in the Metaverse," he said. "Look at that..."

Nanako spun around to see her friends were now replaced by Joker, Panther, and Skull.
Behind them was a large museum, built with modern archtiectural shapes that was so
common with fancy musuems. The whole building shimmered with gold, so bright that it
bordered on gaudy.

A bright sign declared "MADARAME" in letters that had to be as tall as Nanako. She looked
down at the entrance and saw a huge line of people waiting to get in.

"So it is a museum..." Nanako muttered.

"Who are all these people?" Skull asked.

"Cognitions," Mona said. "It's his view of the general public, though, not specific students
like it was in Kamoshida's palace."

"This is increidble..." Panther said, looking up and down the building. "But...I don't
understand why it's here. With Kamoshida, he thought of the school as a castle. But
Madarame's art is already in a museum, and he really did have a line of people waiting to see
his work. Why would the distortion look like this?"

"Maybe it has to do with the plagiarism," Nanako said. "If it's not really his work, then maybe
that would cause the dissonance."

"There's a faster way of finding out," Joker said, pointing up at the wall. Due to the blocky,
fancy architecture, there was a dip in the wall that they could jump onto. "Let's take a look
around."

"Wait! I didn't bring my disguise," Nanako said, gesturing at herself. "Or my gun."

"We won't go far," Joker said. "You can wait for us here."



"Hey, I didn't mean I didn't want to go, I just..."

"It's not like Madarame knows you," Skull pointed out. "Even if he saw you in his dreams or
whatever, he'd probably just think it was becuase he saw you with Kitagawa."

"There isn't really any evidence that what we do here bleeds into the conscious world," Mona
said, tapping his chin. "But we don't know that it doesn't either...it's probably a safe bet if we
only go a little ways in."

"If you want, I can wait with you," Panther offered.

"No," Nanako said, slipipng her hand into her school bag and pulling out her big bro's
glasses. She flipped them on and then set her bag on the ground, making more room for the
Compendium around her shoulder. "Let's go."

Joker led the way, lithe and cat-like as always, springing up the side of the wall with ease and
gliding across it. Panther went next, then Mona, followed by Nanako. With so many cats to
follow, Nanako visualized herself being more graceful and acrobatic than she probably was.
The cognition bent around her, and up she flew, with ease. She didn't even blink when they
leapt across a series of pillars to reach another length of stone, which they used to get to the
roof.

A single skylight was open.

"This ought to work," Joker said, kneeling beside it. "Mona, you gotta rope?"

"Of course," he said, producing a length of rope seemingly out of nowehere. He and Joker
quickly set to tying a supporting knot, then slid down the rope into the Museum below.
Nanako and Skull waited while Panther slid down next.

"This is totally badass," Skull said. "I mean, robbing a museum is a must for a phantom thief,
right?"

Nanako laughed. Once Panther landed, Nanako followed. There was one stomach-dropping
moment where she slipped herself over the edge and clung to the rope and she wasn't sure she
was going to be able to hang on, but the rope held and somehow she managed to slide herself
down. Skull slid down with only one arm and one leg wrapped in the rope, like a pirate.

"Wow, look at these..." Panther walked over to the wall, looking at a huge portrait. It was
done in a strange impressionistic style, a melange of dabbed colors that looked disjoined
from close up, but built an image from further back. It was hardly the traditional Japanese
style of the Sayuri, but it was still well-done. Joker leaned forward to the plaque beneath the
portrait.

"Rin Tezuka," he said.

"This one is Doboroku Ese," Mona said.

"Who are these people? Famous artists?" Panther asked.



"I don't know...they look kinda young to be famous artists," Nanako said.

"Yeah, there's something kinda creepy about it, too," Skull added.

"Maybe they're the artists?" Panther suggested.

"No, I think this being Madarame's museum means it should all be his work...these are the
names of the pieces. The names of his...creations?" Joker suggested.

"No Shadows nearby," Mona said. "Let's keep going."

Joker nodded his agreement, and the Phantom Thieves pushed on. They meandered the
gallery, seeing farme after frame of similar portraits. Some were much larger and more
detailed - others tiny rectangles no larger than a candy bar. Nanako wondered why that was,
and if it had any meaning.

"Hey, look at this one," Panther said. There was a rather large one near the end of the gallery,
and the team rushed over to it. Nanako was going to look at it as well, but something else
caught her eye - a golden plaque on a wall down a short hallway that ran perpendicular to the
portrait Panther wanted to look at. The plaque was next to a fancy wooden door with a golden
handle. SInce she would be within earshot anyway, Nanako decided to go down the hall and
check it out.

"Whoah!" Skull said. "This says Nakanohara! And it's totally him! It looks like the shadow
we saw in Mementos!"

"This proves that the Madarame Nakanohara was talking about is the same Madarame,"
Mona said. "There's a connecion here, without a doubt."

"But what kind of connection?" Joker asked.

Nanako just reached the end of the small hallway and was finally able to read the plaque.

Yusuke Kitagawa Exhibit. Under Construction.

"No..." Nanako whispered. "Guys, you have to see this, it's-"

Nanako spun around. A huge dark hand immediately gripped onto her shoulder. A shadow in
the shape of a security guard towered over her, a red aura dripping from its form.

"This area's off limits!" the shadow bellowed.

Nanako reached down to grab her gun, but forgot it wasn't there. She then tried to grab onto
the Compendium to either open it or give it a swing, but the shadow's fingers had the
strapped pinned down against her.

"Angel, hold on!" Skull yelled, spinning his shotgun into his hands. Panther shouldered him a
second later, knocking him aside.

"You can't shoot, she's right behind it!" Panther pulled off her mask. "Carmen, agi!"



A twist of fire materialized, burning in a concentrated drill at the back of the shadow's
shoulder. Nanako was impressed with the control Panther had in her fire attack, but the
shadow didn't fall from it. In fact, it didn't look hurt by it at all. It did, however, release
Nanako to turn and face the others, which allowed Nanako to pull out the Compendium.

"Valkyrie!"

The mounted warrior charged, slashing a rapid X with both of her swords. The horse knocked
the shadow back and the slices hit true, forcing the shadow to melt into its true form when it
reached the main gallery. A long dog appeared - Inugami.

"Arsene!"

A blast of Curse energy flashed out of Arsene's laughing mouth but only splashed against
Inugami's skin and fizzled out harmlessly.

"It's immune to Curse and Fire attacks!" Mona said. "Allow me!"

Zorro materialized and held his sword out in an en garde position. Mona crossed his arms
and shut his eyes in concentration.

"Garula!"

A powerful blast of green Wind energy erupted from beneath Ingami's feet. The long-dog
was thrown into the air and slammed into the ceiling with enough force to melt it back into
meta-goop. Zorro saluted with his sword and Mona slicked the top of his head back in a
victory pose.

"Another stylish victory," he said. The personas vanished and the rest of the Phantom Thieves
rushed to join Nanako.

"Are you all right?" Joker asked.

"Yeah, nothing a little healing won't fix. That shadow seemed...stronger, somehow."

"That makes sense," Mona said. "Madarame is famous and powerful within his art world. He
would have a stronger ego, a stronger distortion, and be able to attract and control stronger
shadows."

"Man, just when I was thinking we were getting pretty badass..." Skull said.

"Don't worry. Personas can get stronger with their user. All you have to do is keep practicing
and become more in-tune with it," Mona said.

"Is that how you were able to make such a strong wind blast?" Panther asked.

"Yes, exactly. I'd be more than happy to give you some lessons some time, Lady Ann."

"Um, sure, yeah," Panther said. Joker strode past Nanako to the door.



"Kitagawa," he said. "I wonder what's behind the door."

"Can we open it?" Skull asked.

"Maybe...but we're overextended," Joker said. "We weren't planning on entering the palace
today. Angel doesn't have her gun, and I didn't bring any backup supplies. It's safer if we get
out of here now. We can always come back."

The Phantom Thieves gave their assent and followed their leader back to their infiltration
point.



Chapter 170: 5/17 - After School
Chapter Summary

Meeting.

"Why are we even having this conversation?" Ryuji said in a voice that bordered on a yell.
"He has a palace. Isnt' that proof enough that he should be a target?"

"Ryuji, keep your voice down," Ann hissed. The Phantom Thieves were at their new
"hideout" - the accessway at the train platform. They had ridden the train back in silence,
each of them pondering the implciations of what they had seen in the Metaverse. Nanako had
so many conflicting thoughts that she didn't even know where to start sorting them out.

"Morgana," Ren said. "You said palaces form when strong desires creates a distortion within
the person...but if that's the case, then palaces could be formed all the time, couldn't they?"

"Palaces are rare. In order to create one impression like that in the Metaverse, the desires and
distortions can't just be strong. They have to be...I don't know...super strong," Morgana said,
his cute little cat face bending in a frown.

"We saw one beginning with Nakonahara," Nanako said. "His desires and distortions were
reaching a point where he was acting on them in the real world with his stalking. And his
mini-palace was his job, City Hall. Would he have started to abuse his power there?"

"Power...Kamoshida's desires grew worse because he had power over students, right?" Ann
asked.

"That would make sense. Your desires can become further distorted if you can act on them
without any consequence," Ren said.

"And Madarame has power over Kitagawa, and his other students, and all those other artsy-
fartsy people at the museum," Ryuji pointed out. "It all fits."

"But...just becuase there's a distorted desire doesn't mean that he's acted upon it," Nanako
said. "So far we've only seen one palace, and that was someone we knew had committed the
crimes that took place because...well, you were the victims."

Everyone got a little quieter.

"You really think someone can have a palace without having acted on the desire that created
it?" Ren asked. He stared at her with those intense, beautiful eyes, wide and curious. The
gaze was so intense that Nanako found that she had to close her own eyes, just to think.



There was something in the back of her head that was tapping at her. Like a memory...but not
quite...she remembered the thought of the bird cage when they were trying to find
Madarame's last keyword, and focused on the image that had come to her mind.

Suddenly a dozen other images flashed through her mind all at once. A castle. A warrior with
a naginata, a frog-ninja with kunai, and Izanagi. A beautiful golden bird cage with flames
ringed around it.

Yukiko in a princess gown with glowing yellow eyes. She was speaking, but her words were
muffled. Only two words came through clearly.

"Prince charming~!"

She snapped her eyes open .

"Yes, I do."

"What makes you think that?" Morgana asked, looking irritated. "Do you have some special
understanding of the Metaverse that I don't?"

"I honestly don't know why I think that," Nanako said. "I just do."

Morgana made a grunting hmph noise and leapt from the ground onto the railing. The rest of
the Thieves said nothing for a long while.

"The easiest way to settle this is to prove that Madarame did something wrong," Ann said,
suddenly. "If we can prove either the plagiarism or the abuse happened, then we can make
him a target, right?"

"How the hell are we going to prove that?" Ryuji asked, sounding more annoyed than ever.

"I'll talk to Kitagawa-kun some more. Maybe he was defending Madarame out of a sense of
loyalty but...if I can get him to open up a little more..." Ann said.

"And if he doesn't?" Ryuji shot back.

"What do you think, leader?" Nanako asked. Everyone turned to Ren, who adjusted his
glasses.

"We'll see if we can get evidence," he decided. "Ann, keep talking to Kitagawa. The rest of us
should do more research on Madarame. If we can't find any solid evidence in a week, we'll
meet again and decide what to do from there."

They agreed. Now that the decision had been made, the mood lifted a little. Even Ryuji
seemed to be a bit less pissed-off.

"I'm gonna head home, then," Ryuji said, getting up to find his train.

"Me too. Wanna walk with me, Nanako?"



"Actually, I have something to do," Nanako said. Ann nodded and headed for the exit. That
left Morgana, Ren, and Nanako on the platform.

"Do you have a second?" Nanako asked.

"Sure," Ren said.

Nanako said nothing, then glanced awkwardly down at Morgana.

"Oh, I see," Morgana said, his tone still annoyed. "I'll be back."

He started down the accessway. Nanako waited until he was out of earshot...or...what she
assumed was earshot for a cat.

"What's up?" Ren asked.

"Back at Madarame's, when Kitagawa said the name of the piece...Sayuri. You gasped."

Ren's face was unreadable for a moment. Then he smiled.

"You caught that, huh? You're dangerously perceptive."

"Why?"

"It's probably nothing," Ren said. "But...you remember a while ago when I said that there
were a lot of strange coincidences surrounding my life?"

Nanako thought back to their date. Or, 'date.' She remembered sitting up in his room and
listening to the story of how Ren had gotten to Tokyo through a very strange set of
circumstances, and the he didn't understand the methods behind why - or how - his parents
had sent him to live with Sojiro Sakura and attend Shujin Academy.

"Yeah, I do," Nanako said.

"Well...Sayuri is my mother's name."

Nanako's eyes widened. "And that portrait is of her?"

Ren laughed. "No. You saw the picture of her in my room, remember? It doesn't look
anything like her at all. Which is why I said it's probably just nothing. Sayuri is a common
name."

"Yeah, that makes sense."

"Can I ask you something?" Ren said.

"Sure."

"Why do you think that people can have palaces without acting on their desires?"



"I really don't know how to explain it. I'm sorry. If I could, I would," Nanako said. She wasn't
sure why she wouldn't explain the strange vision in her head. Maybe she was afraid of
looking crazy. Or maybe there was something about the vision that she felt she should keep to
herself.

"That's okay," he said.

"Does that mean you think Madarame is a target and we're wasting our time?"

He adjusted his glasses and looked at the crowd walking by.

"I think that the moment we start moving too quickly we risk using our power in the same
way Kamoshida used his. I want to bring about justice, not reshape the whole world."

"Yeah. Me too."

Ren ran his hand through the tangle of hsi curls. "I better find Morgana and head home. I'll
see you tomorrow."

"Goodbye," Nanako said.



Chapter 171: 5/17 - Evening
Chapter Summary

Yu and Yukiko.

"Hey, big bro...how did you meet Yukiko?"

It was just the two of them for dinner that evening, evoking memories in Nanako of days long
gone with the two of them sitting by the TV. Thankfully Nanako's cooking had improved
since then. Rise was out doing...something idol-ish. Nanako couldn't keep up with her work
schedule.

"At school," Yu said with a shrug.

"Well, yeah, I know that, but like, how did you meet her in particular."

"She was with Chie, and Chie was one of the first people I met. She introduced herself to me,
actually. Then she kicked Yosuke for breaking her DVDof Trial of the Dragon. Then Chie
asked me if I thought Yukiko was cute..."

Nanako laughed. "Wow, really? That's an odd question."

"Yukiko was the secret crush of everyone in Yasogami back then, at least according to
Yosuke and Chie."

"I bet it was a shock to people when she got married at 19," Nanako said.

"It was pretty shocking...never thought she'd be the first one to get married."

"Because she felt trapped at the Inn?" Nanako asked. Yu glanced up from his food, eyes
studying Nanako.

"What makes you say that?"

"She told me about it before I left for Tokyo," Nanako replied. Which was true, thankfully, so
it made lying to big bro easier.

"Ah, yeah, well, she did feel trapped by it, but she eventually accepted it."

"Because she had no other choice?" Nanako asked.

"Mmm...maybe accepted isn't the right word? She didn't give up or anything. She realized
that she wanted to take over the Inn and had pride in it and that her trying to run away from it



was based off fear. Once she understood that about herself, she seized her life at full
speed...in a lot of ways, I think Yukiko has it better figured out than the rest of us," Yu said.

"So it was like...she had a strong desire to be something else and do something else...but she
never acted on it?"

"She thought about moving to Tokyo and doing something else. She even researched it. But I
guess she didn't go through with any of it no...why are you asking about all this?"

"Just trying to figure out my own life, that's all," Nanako said, which again wasn't a lie. Yu
smiled and nodded.

"What I've found is that deep down we know the truth about what we want, and what we
want is both good and bad...in fact sometimes it's beautiful and ugly at the same time. But the
more we accept that beauty and ugliness, the more power we have in changing our fates. So
when in doubt, Nanako, just look for the true you inside yourself."

"Thanks big bro," Nanako said with all sincerity. Her heart felt warmed by his words.

"I wouldn't get married at 19, though," Yu added. "I don't think your father could handle it."

"Yeah, you need to get married first so he can get used to it," Nanako said with a smirk.
"When are you going to put a ring on that, anyway?"

"I, uh..." Yu started to blush. "Well, you know how it is with the idol scene, they can't get
married until they're 30."

"They can't officially get married until they're 30..." Nanako said.

"I uh...I gotta go," Yu stammered, rushing to his feet.

"Make an honest woman out of her, big bro!" Nanako yelled.

"Sorry, can't hear you!"

"I want her to be real family!"

"Closing the office door now!"

"Take me with you when you go ring shopping!"

The door shut.



Chapter 172: 5/17 - ????
Chapter Summary

Castle.

Nanako was in Kamoshida's castle.

No. Not Kamoshida's.

It was similar. Red velvet curtains and carpets, black and white checkered floors, mahogany
wood fixtures...but it lacked the gaudiness of Kamoshida's castle.

And all of the creepy Kamoshida statues.

There was also a...fog...?

Nanako caught a figure out of the corner of her eye and she spun around.

"Heehee...ah-hahahahaha!"

The voice was feminine and distorted. Nanako froze in place, watching the beautiful girl in
the pink princess gown turn to face her.

"Oh my, special guests! I wonder how htey'll play into all this. Things are really heating
up~!"

The girl took a step forward through the fog. Piercing yellow eyes were visible first - the eyes
of a shadow.

And they beaming out of Yukiko's face.

"Okey dokey, I'm going back to hunt for my Prince Charming! Ohhh, where could he be...?
This place is huge! It's so exciting, but it makes it so hard to find him....oooh! Maybe he's
playing hide and seek in the fog! Ready or not, here I come!"

A splitting pain slashed through Nanako's head, as if she was struck by the most intense
headache in the world for a second. And then it was gone.

Now Shadow Yukiko floated above a crouched Yukiko in a kimono.

"Yes, Chie's my prince. Chie's a strong prince," the Shadow Yukiko said. "Or at least she
WAS...but Chie isn't good enough! She can't take me away from here! She can't save me!"

Another lightning bolt headache. Now Yukiko was standing.



"No! You're not me!"

The world went black. Nanako felt herself tumbling head over heels, spinning faster and
faster until she suddenly stopped, landing on solid ground in a crouch. The pain throbbing in
her head subsided, and her vision cleared.

"Hello, Nanako."

Margaret.

"What was that?" Nanako asked, picking herself up from the ground. Margaret tipped her
head, letting a single ringlet of golden blonde fall across the side of her face.

"What was what?"

"That vision I saw just now," Nanako explained. "It was...my friend, Yukiko."

"The priestess," Margaret said.

"But...it wasn't her from now. It was her from years ago, from back when I first met her.
When she was in high school."

Margaret scooted forward in her cell, wrapping her hands around the bars and pressing her
face forward.

"What did you see?"

Nanako told her, as best she could.

"Those are memories," Margaret said.

"Memories from what? I don't remember any of that, not even a little."

"They're not your memories. They're his. Yu's."

Nanako gasped, reflexively touching the Compendium.

"This is unexpected...but there is a certain logic to it," Margaret said. "The Compendium is
not just a Compendium of Personae. It is his Compendium. It is forged from his journey,
strengthened by his bonds. Your extended contact with the Compendium must be allowing
you to remember some of what he went through."

"So that happened? There really was a Shadow Yukiko?"

"It would seem so," Margaret said. "Remember, I cannot speak too plainly of some things,
Nanako. This is one of them."

"Is this...bad?"

"I don't know."



Nanako looked at the Compendium.

If it was true, and there was a Shadow Yukiko....then was that castle her palace? And if so,
did that confirm her theory that it was possible to have a palace, but not act on the desires?
There was still so much about the Metaverse she didn't understand. And yet, Morgana didn't
seem to know about it either. Why didn't he? Where did his knowledge come from?

And why was it the one person who could answer all this was stuck in a cage, unable to speak
freely?

"I will say this though...it is often wise to learn from the lives of others."

"Right. Are you doing okay in here, Margaret?"

Margaret looked surprised. "Well...I didn't expect you to care about how I was doing..."

"Why not? You're stuck in a cell, it doesn't look that comfortable," Nanako pointed out.

"You truly are a lot like him in so many ways...but I am doing fine. You don't need to worry
about me. Unless..."

"Hm?"

"No, nevermind. There's no way to do that, is there? I was just thinking about cola...it's been
so long since I've had any."

"Cola? Like...the beverage?"

"Yes. But, you enter here through your dreams, so there's no way to do it...but if you happen
to think of a way, I would appreciate a cola."

Nanako laughed.

"I'll see what I can do."



Chapter 173: 5/18 - Morning
Chapter Summary

Nanako reads.

"Unexpected train delays will be occurring throughout the Tokyo area in multiple wards.
There is a general travel advisory in place from the department of transportation and it is
advised that unneeded travel be avoided."

Nanako sighed as she finished getting ready to head to school. It wasn't like her train stop
was that far, but it would be a real pain to have to walk. She supposed she should just get
ready for the inevitable delays.

She was exhausted, though. She hadn't slept well as her subconscious had apparently gone
into overdrive trying to parse through all the information flooding her head. Kitagawa,
Madarame, Yukiko, Yu...it was a lot going on at once. Normally she'd just turn on her
headphones and watch TV on her phone, but she was afraid that she'd just start doing more
research on Madarame on her phone.

Hm, maybe a physical book was what she needed. She perused by one of the bookshelves in
the living room and scanned the titles until she found one she liked.

Heart of the Robot GIrl.

Then she walked to the station.

As warned, there was a delay, so Nanako found an empty bench and started to read.

"...though she was originally designed as a weapon to fight nightmares, the spark of
humanity inside her began to grow..."

The book was apparently about an android that learned to be human. It made Nanako think
about what it would be like slowly learn all the human emotions while having to fight terrible
nightmares and felt her kindness grow.

Soon the train arrived.



Chapter 174: 5/18 - After School
Chapter Summary

Veggie time!

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

"It's time, Nana-chan."

Haru and Nanako sat down at the table on the rooftop. Between them was a platter with
several peeled carrots and a couple of sliced tomatoes - the first crop of their labors. Nanako's
mouth watered.

"They look amazing," Nanako remarked. "Look at how vivid the colors are!"

"Yes, I'm quite excited...are you going to have the tomato, or the carrot?"

"Hmm...I think I'll go carrot."

"Then I'll eat the tomato! On the count of three...one...two...three!"

They popped the vegetables into their mouths.

A memory came slamming into Nanako at a thousand miles per hour - one she hadn't thought
of in years. She was six years old, sitting a table surrounded by big bro and his friends, and
there were four omelletes sitting in front of them: Yu's, Chie's, Yukiko's, and Rise's. It was a
contest of some kind, and they were going to judge whose was the best.

Three of them were absolutely awful. But Nanako had loved big bro's friends so much that
she didn't want to hurt their feelings, so she had summoned up some other-wordly supply of
patience and restraint and told them all with a sincere smile that their omelettes were good.

Even though they weren't.

As the taste of the carrot passed over her, Nanako felt the dimension to unnatural patience
open up to her and a big fake smile held across her face. She would not break Haru's heart
and tell her this was the strangest tasting carrot she'd ever had.

Haru's face morphed into a dozen expressions within the span of a few seconds. Perplexed,
aghast, curious, disappointed, hopeful - Nanako hadn't realized how beautifully expressive
Haru's face was until that moment. She swallowed and brushed back a spring of curls from
her forehead.



"Well...I think I'll try the carrot now," Haru said.

"Oh, good idea," Nanako replied, grabbing a tomato slice. Maybe that would be better-

-hrk!

It definitely wasn't better.

"What do you think?" Haru asked, her face going through another flicker of expressions.

"It's good!"

"Nana-chan! Don't lie! They're strange, and you know it."

"...okay, so they don't taste like your average carrot or tomato," Nanako admitted. "They're
kinda...bitter? Sour?"

"Yes, I got the same impression," Haru said, dismayed.

"But it's not entirely bad...it's like eating natto, you know? It's bitter and kinda gross but
ultimately good for you. I feel kinda refreshed and energized from eating this, even if it
wasn't tasty."

"Yes...yes, I do believe you're onto something there," Haru said. "Well, I did find these seeds
in a mysterious box of my house...I wonder if they're a special type of vegetable created for
Okumura foods."

"O-oh," Nanako said. Great, she was eating experimental mutant food. Maybe she'd grow an
extra arm or something from eating it...but then again, she couldn't ignore how energized she
felt, and that was only after two small servings. She wondered if she could harness this in the
Metaverse the same way they had been using coffee and soda.

"Haru-chan, do you mind if I take these with me? I want to experiment cooking with them at
home."

"Certainly!" she said beaming.

Pi pi pi.

YU: Well? Friend or no?

Shoot, Nanako had completely forgotten to ask anyone, and it was already Tuesday.

"Hey, Haru, do you know Rise-...er, Risette?"

"The idol? I've seen her perform a few times, yes. Why?"

"You want to go to a concert on Friday? My big bro has to go for work and said I could come
along and bring a friend."

"Really? Oh, that does sound fun. But...why does he have to go to a concert for work?"



"He writes idol stories for the newspaper," Nanako explained. "Plus I probably would've gone
to this concert anyway, I like to go to hers at least a couple times a year."

"Wow, you're the much of a Risette fan?"

"Huh? Oh...well, uh...you can't tell anyone this, but...I sorta...live with her."

"W-what!?"

"Yes, she and my big bro are dating. But that's a secret, so please don't tell anyone!"

"My lips are sealed!...but you weren't kidding when you said you had famous and wealthy
friends," Haru said. Nanako shrugged.

"I've known her since I was a kid, she's more like a big sister to me than an idol. But her
shows are always fun, and maybe we'll get to see Kanamin!"

"Do you know her too?"

"Yeah, sorta."

Haru tapped her chin.

"I'm starting to think you have more secrets than I do, Nana-chan."

"If you only knew the half of it, Haru-chan."

Chapter End Notes

Okay so I see this question a lot and I'm sure my Kanamin name drop isn't going to
make it any clearer, so lemme layout some things.

When I started this fanfic in July (Yikes, time flies) I had:

Played Persona 4

Seen Persona 4 Golden anime

Played Persona 5

Since then, I have:

Finished Persona 5 a second time 
Started Persona 5 Royal (Just finished Kaneshiro) 

Watched playthroughs/clips of: Persona 3 FES, Persona 3 Portable, Persona Q, Persona
Q2, Persona 4 Arena and Arena Ultimate X, P3 Dancing, P4 Dancing, and P5 Dancing.

So as I've learned more stuff about persona, I've found new ways to incorporate things
into the fanfic because they're fun. BUT, because I hadn't seen a lot of those things



before, I didn't include them as "canon" background when I build the overall outline of
this fanfic epic. Also, even though I had seen Persona 4 Golden Anime, I couldn't really
remember the Marie parts that well.

So as far as canon things that exactly happened:

Persona 3 Portable. 

Persona 4

And that's it. Everything else I'm pulling from and may use, but as I do, I'll have to
adjust their backstories accordingly. So like if Labrys shows up (and she might...), I'll
add in how she relates to the overall situation and her backstory as it is relevant. It won't
be me randomly jamming in that Arena Ultimate X suddenly happened.

Hopefully that clears things up! I apprecaite how much you guys read into this fanfic
and leave detailed comments on things. Persona fans are truly some of the most fun I've
been involved in. Thanks for reading, as always!



Chapter 175: 5/18 - Evening
Chapter Summary

Nanako clears trash and clears the air.

"I really appreciate this, Nanako," Yosuke said. "But you're really going to too much
trouble..."

"Not at all!" Nanako said. "Just making sure everything is nice and organized."

After finishing up with Haru on the roof, Nanako had run into Yosuke on his way out of
school. His apartment was within walking distance of the school, and he had casually
mentioned that he had to go home and continue unpacking.

Nanako invited herself over to help.

This was a perfect opportunity to take stock of Yosuke's situtaion. Operation Hanamura Love
Connection was still on her mind, but she before she and Ann started the convoluted work of
pairing him off, she had to make sure that Yosuke was presenting his best self. That included
inventorying his food, clothes, cleanliness, and hygiene habits. Not that Yosuke had ever
been lax on those things, but...

So Nanako spent a few hours unpacking his boxes, folding clothes, arranging furniture. She
got out a few trash bags and insisted that some of the things he had brought along with him
were either old or broken and needed to be replaced or upgraded. Having always been a bit of
a rich kid when he was younger, Yosuke had good taste his clothing, but Nanako suspected
that his teacher's salary had meant that he had to make his outfits stretch a little longer.

His kitchenware was a wreck, though. It was a hodge-podge of collected dishware and
cooking utensils that he'd picked up cheap along the way. Nanako threw away a lot of the
utensils right off the bat - it had either degraded to the point of being nearly broken or just
had a vibe of being "gross" that Nanako couldn't ignore.

"There, doesn't everything seem so much more clean and organized?"

"That's because you threw away a third of my stuff!" Yosuke argued. "I can't afford to replace
all this stuff..."

"Just do it a little bit at a time. It's not like you do that much cooking, right?"

"I...yeah, you're right," Yosuke admitted.



"You should get on that. It's healthier and cheaper in the long run. Then you can buy some
new clothes. It's been a while since you've indulged in that, right?"

"Yeah...wait a second, what are you plotting?"

"Hm? Nothing, no plot."

"I smell a plot. Did Yu put you up to this? Or Rise?"

"No, no, nobody put me up to anything," Nanako said truthfully. "I just want what's best for
you. Everyone needs someone to keep them in line a little bit, don't you think? I'm just doing
the job for a little while until someone special comes into your life."

"Chie! Chie sent you to do this," Yosuke declared.

"Nobody sent me! But I do have to go, it's getting late."

"I'll walk you to the station," Yosuke said.

"It's fine, it's not far. You need to go take those bags to the dumpster."

Yosuke sighed. "All right, but text me when you get home, okay?"

"I will. See you tomorrow!"

Nanako walked to the station and got onto the train that would take her back to Shibuya. She
mentally thought through what she needed to do the rest of the evening: make a simple
dinner, do some studying, and then if she had any mental energy left, she would work on
figuring out how to investigate Madarame some more. Maybe she'd eat one of the bitter
energy vegetables to help out.

When she got to the station, Nanako disembarked and headed up the steps to the ground
level. When she got there, though, she saw someone she wasn't expecting.

"Oh, hey Morgana."

The cat jumped and spun around, surprised.

"O-oh. Nanako. "

"What are you doing here by yourself?" Nanako asked, glancing around the station looking
for Ren.

"Ren was busy with...something," Morgana said. "I just came by here to check something
out."

Nanako crouched down beside him. "In Mementos?"

"Yeah."

"Did you find what you were looking for?"



Morgana said nothing, refusing to meet her gaze.

"Are you mad at me?" Nanako asked.

"No...not exactly..." Morgana said. Nanako reached out and picked Morgana up.

"H-hey!"

"I can't just stand here and talk to a cat in the middle of the station," Nanako said. "Come on,
let's go figure this out."

Nanako walked over to one of the benches over near the Shibuya crossing. She set Morgana
down and then sat next to him.

"What's wrong? We can't be at odds if we're going to work together in the Metaverse,"
Nanako said.

"You...confuse me," Morgana said, struggling with the words.

"How so?"

"I don't know how to explain it, exactly. But your knoweldge of the Metaverse, your useage
of Personas...it feels off to me. Almost all of my memories are gone. The few I have left are
related to the Metaverse and its rules. But you contradict them at every turn. You should not
be able to summon multiple Personas. You haven't even summoned the spirit of rebellion
needed to create one."

"I told you, the power is borrowed from my big bro," Nanako said.

"I know, but why. Why is that allowed to happen? Who made that happen?"

Nanako considered this a moment. Explaining Margaret would ease most of Morgana's
immediate quesitons, but he'd no doubt have more - and those would be questions Nanako
didn't know how to answer. But something in her gut was telling her not to say anything
about Margaret. Perhaps it was the precariousness of Margaret's situation - she kept saying
that she couldn't attract too much attention to herself or they would lose their connection. As
best as Nanako could tell, Margaret was being held somewhere in the Metaverse, which
operated on cognition. Telling someone else about Margaret would alter the cognition of her,
which would probably have an effect in the Metaverse.

And draw more attention to her.

"I can't explain it," Nanako said. "It just is."

"I'm frustrated," Morgana admitted. "I don't want to believe what you say about palaces. It
goes against what I know about them. But everything you do goes against what I know
should be true, but it's still happening. That means you could be right about the palaces."

"What's so wrong with that? Do you always need to be right?" Nanako asked.



"It makes me wonder if even those memories of the Metaverse are real, or if they're damaged
somehow too."

Now Nanako understood. Everything Morgana worked for was in hopes of getting his
memories back and returning to his human form. He had hoped that by helping change
Kamoshida's heart that something would return to him, but it didn't. And now, Nanako was
making him wonder if what he had was even real.

He hadn't gained anything, and now he might be losing what he had.

"I'm sorry," Nanako said.

"Well...it's not really your fault, is it? I'm sorry I took it out on you. But, I did discover
something important! Mementos has grown."

"Grown?"

"Well, not exactly grown...but I think we can go further. There was a lock before, a barrier I
couldn't get past. But that barrier has changed now...I think if Ren goes in with me, we can
get past it."

"Then maybe you'll learn more!" Nanako said, excited. "We will have to go to Mementos
soon. All of us. And we'll push until we can push no further."

"You...you'd really do that for me?"

"Of course. We're teammates."

"Okay...thanks, Nanako."

Nanako pet Morgana - she couldn't help it.

- - -

SOCIAL LINK RANK UP



The Tower: Morgana



Level 2




Chapter 176: 5/18 - Night
Chapter Summary

Plan in motion

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Pi pi pi

Nanako rolled over in her bed and swiped around for her phone. She groaned and squinted as
her eyes adjusted to the sudden burst of light.

 

REN: Sorry for the late text, everyone, but I have a plan for Madarame.

RYUJI: For real!?

REN: Nakanohara. He made a post on the Phansite with a request regarding Madarame
and asked to meet us in person.

REN: I did some research this afternoon on all of Madarame's previous exhibitions and
managed to find the names of several of his past students. I confirmed that Nakanohara
was one of them. He will be able to confirm the rumors about Madarame, one way or
the other.

NANAKO: But that's way too risky. We can't meet him in person, even if his heart is
changed. If the police find out who we are...

REN: I agree. But I have a plan for that. We need to meet up at lunch tomorrow to talk it
out. The meeting is set for tomorrow, after school.

REN: Also, Ann will need to bring some things.

ANN: Huh? Me? Why?

REN: You'll understand in a second.

Nanako watched the list unfold on her screen.

Oh good grief. Just what was Ren planning?



Nanako turned her phone over on her bedside table and shut her eyes. She could deal with
that terror in the morning.

Chapter End Notes

It always irked me that they met Nakanohara in person...



Chapter 177: 5/19 - After School
Chapter Summary

Pink hair.

Pi pi pi.

Nanako answered her phone.

"You ready?" Ren asked.

"Yes, but I still think this is stupid and needlessly complicated," Nanako said.

"Noted. Just be ready to make the call."

Nanako sighed. "Yes, I'm ready."

He hung up and Nanako walked over to the window. She was alone in the accessway, their
new "hideout," looking over the Shibuya crossing and the front of the train station. This was
where the whole thing was supposed to happen.

Nanako felt her heart racing in her chest. Even though the plan was complicated, she still
wanted it to work. Not only for the sake of getting information from Madarame, but also
because she wanted everyone to be safe. If they showed their faces to this man or if he
figured out who they were...

It would only take one slip up. One tiny mistake on their end, especially about Nanako's
involvement, and Naoto would figure it out. Sometimes Nanako was sure she had already
figured it out.

There.

Nanako spotted Nakonahara's bowl haircut. He looked pretty much the same in person as he
had in the Metaverse, which was convenient for them. He wandered into the station square,
looking around for the contact.

Morgana hopped down from his perch on the top of the green rail car and ran right over to
Nakanohara. He looked up, paper in his mouth. He must have meowed or something, because
Nakanohara immediately looked down. He knelt beside Morgana and took the note in his
mouth.

Nanako knew what the note said: FIND THE PINK HAIRED GIRL.



Which was Ann, of course. The pink wig was the only one she had, a leftover from one of her
more extravagant fashion shoots. She also wore big sunglasses and a long black coat over
black slacks and black high heels - the black meant to bring out the contrast in the wig.

Ann stood at the opposite end of the square, with dozens of people between the two of them.
Nakanohara started to make his way across, his eyes fixed on the pink hair.

Ren walked past him.

Then Ryuji bumped into him.

Ryuji waved his arms and generally made a scene, looking like he was threatening to get into
a fist fight with him. Nanako held her breath as she watched Ann pull off her wig and then
turn her coat inside out - it was reversible from black to red. Now blonde and with a red coat,
Ann walked across the street, joining a crowd.

Ryuji finished his fake diatribe, and Nanako watched carefully. Ryuji made his way quickly
towards the station stairs and Nakanohara swiveled his head back and forth, once again trying
to find the girl with the pink hair.

Nanako dialed.

The phone rang. She watched as Nakanohara looked with confusion at his pocket, then
reached in to pull out Ren's phone. He frowned as he answered.

"Hello?"

"Nakanohara," Nanako said in her most sultry and secret-agent voice....which was very
sultry, admittedly. "Tell the Phantom Thieves your request."

"How do I know this is the real Phantom Thieves?"

"Do you think anyone else could make a phone appear in your pocket?" Nanako said. "But if
you need further proof...you recently stopped stalking someone, didn't you?"

"Y-yes...I see...so a change of heart was already triggered inside me. I thought as much. "

"What is your request? We don't have much time."

"Ichiryusai Madarame, the great artist who has a show in the museum. He plagiarizes the
work of his students and abuses them at the same time."

Nanako felt her heart racing again and it took tremendous concentration for her to slow it
back down.

"We have seen the rumors online. What evidence do you have?"

Nakanohara sighed and pushed his glasses up onto his forehead to rub his eyes.



"My own life, for starters. I was a student of his. I lived at his attellier and studied under him
for years. At first everything was great...but then the time came for a museum exhibition. He
came and said that he was suffering a terrible artist's block and that he wasn't going to be able
to fill his contract and it could mean financial disaster...so of course I donated some of my
pieces to him. But that was just the beginning. He continued to require me to donate my work
again and again, always using subtle psychological manipulation...sometimes even physical
beatings when he lost his temper. Or sometimes he would have me do horrible repetitive
drawing exercises for hours on end as a way of injuring our hands and breaking our spirits."

Nanako felt a tremendous anger and sadness building up inside her, but she had to keep it
back. She was the Phantom Thieves, she had to stay cool.

"The last straw though was when my friend committed suicide."

Nanako gasped.

"Yes," Nakanohara said. "It was brushed away, reported as a sudden death, but I know the
truth. He couldn't take Madarame's abuse anymore. There was no escape. Madarame is too
powerful in the art world. If we tried to strike out on our own, he would use his power to
crush us and ruin any chance we had of a career. But at that point, I didn't care. I left anyway.
I'd rather give up my art than die for it."

"I'm sorry that happened to you," Nanako said. It was very phantomy, but it was how she felt.

"It's all right...I was lost, but you've helped me see the error of my ways. I see a path forward
now. I wrote in to the Phansite once before, but that was because I wanted revenge. That's not
the case any longer. Madarame has one last pupil living with him - Yusuke Kitagawa. I want
you to save him."

"You believe he's being abused?"

"He's in the worst position," Nakanohara said. "Madarame raised him from a child. He is the
closest thing Yusuke-kun has for a father. Because of that, he chooses to ignore the horrible
things that have happened. He feels he owes him his life, and he gives everything he can to
that man...but Madarame doesn't see him as a son. He sees him as a well-placed tool. Yusuke-
kun has an incredible talent, and I'm sure he will profit off of it for many decades to come."

Nakanohara sighed.

"I tried to take him with me when I left. I thought he was blinded by love, but Yusuke-kun
knew what was happening. He felt he owed it to him. But he doesn't understand what will
happen to him if he stays. I barely made it out...he's just a high schooler. He still has a chance
for a good life, if only you'll change Madarame's heart and free him."

Nanako pressed his hands into her eyes to wipe away the tears. She took a deep breath to
compose herself.

"Your request is accepted."



"Thank you," Nakanohara said. "What do I do with the phone?"

"Give it to the cat," Nanako said, and hung up.

Morgana stood beside Nakanohara again, this time wearing a tiny backpack. He bent down
and slipped Ren's phone into the pack and Morgana dashed away into the crowd.

"You okay?"

Nanako leapt up and spun around, her hands in a semi-kung fu stance. Ren jumped back a
little startled.

"Stop sneaking up on me!"

"Sorry, I forgot," he said. "But seriously, are you okay?"

"Yeah...but Madarame...we're taking him down."

Ren let loose his Joker grin.



Chapter 178: 5/19 - After School
Chapter Summary

Mission Start

"The proposed target is the great artist Madarame," Ren said. The Phantom Thieves reclined
against the walkway. Nanako had already filled everyone in on what Nakanohara said on the
phone.

"We only strike if we're in unanimous agreement. I vote yes," he said.

"Hell yes, we're taking him down," Ryuji said.

"I agree. We need to help Kitagawa," Ann said.

"I vote yes," Nanako said.

"Yep," Morgana added.

"Then it's decided. Same as last time, right Morgana?"

"Infiltrate the palace and secure the route, send the calling card, steal the treasure," Morgana
said. "But remember, Madarame has a stronger will and more influence. His Shadows will be
stronger. We're going to have to get stronger too."

"That's what Mementos is for, isn't it?" Nanako added. "Plus we need to scout further and
find out what's down there."

"Oh, right, we have to help Mona out," Ann said.

"All right, so when do we start? Now?"

"No, I need a few things," Nanako interrupted. "I...need one more piece for my disguise. I'll
have it tomorrow though, for sure."

"And we need to secure a few more items for the infiltration," Morgana added. "Supplies,
materials...we're working on a few things."

Ren nodded to that.

"Well, today's Wednesday, and you're gathering things tomorrow, so...Friday?" Ryuji asked.

"Actually I'm busy Friday," Nanako said, looking apologetic.



"It's fine. We'll plan for Saturday. If something changes, I'll message you all," Ren said. Ryuji
shrugged.

"Works for me."

"Yeah. See you guys later," Ann said, turning and heading for the stairs.

"Wait up," Nanako called out. She rushed after Ann, catching up to her.

"Oh, do you want to walk home together? I was thinking of getting a snack...that operation
made me hungry."

"Sure, but um...there's actually something I need to talk to you about," Nanako said. The
anxiety clenched at her chest. "Something about Sano-kun."

Ann shrugged. "Okay," she said, completely unaware of what Nanako was going to ask her to
do.

She just hoped it wasn't going to make things weird.



Chapter 179: 5/19 - Evening
Chapter Summary

Nanako comes clean.

"Cosplay!?"

Nanako hugged the pillow harder. The two of them were in Ann's room, having gone up to
her place after they ate crepes. Nanako had put off telling Ann what she had promised - or
implied-promised - to Sano until they were inside. Then she had found the heart pillow on
Ann's chair.

Then she held it.

And now she hid behind it.

"What kind of cosplay?" Ann asked. Nanako winced again, but leaned over enough to reach
into the top of her book bag with her two fingers. She managed to grab onto the cover of the
"Library Chicks" manga and then toss it to Ann. She caught it and looked at the cover.

"...I'm guessing it's the one in the leather corset?"

"I'm sorry," Nanako said. "I...I don't know what I was thinking. I panicked, I agreed to
something that you didn't agree to. I guess at the time I figured you were a model, you
wouldn't mind, but that's totally crossing a line. I'm going to call him and tell him no. In fact,
I'm going to call him right now."

"Nanako, slow down," Ann said emphatically. Nanako hid behind the pillow. Ann studied the
cover of the manga a little longer.

"Mm...it is pretty revealing..."

"I know! I'm sorry!" Nanako said again.

"But, Sano-kun's not creepy, right?"

"Huh? Oh, no. I mean, he measured me once for the holster and that was kinda...intimate."

"Oh, yeah, that happens all the time. But did you get the sense he was trying to do it to get an
extra feel, or was he just measuring? You know, professionally."

"I didn't feel any ill intention from him, if that's what you mean," Nanako said. Ann nodded.



"Well...I guess it wouldn't hurt to be a little more daring," Ann said. "To be honest...my
modeling lately has hit sort of a snag. Lately there's this other model, Mika...ah, it doesn't
matter. But she says I don't take it seriously and I'm not pushing myself far enough, and I
think she's right. If I want to keep this career going, I need to find out my limits."

"I don't want you to do anything that'll make you uncomfortable, though. Especially as a
favor for me. It's not like we're talking about a major fashion magazine or something, it's just
some cosplayers and a leather guy making a point."

"I know, but...mmm..." Ann rested her head on her chin. Nanako admired her for a moment -
Ann was so lean and tall that even her most common poses had a model-like quality to them.
She also seemed a bit more graceful lately, and Nanako wondered if her whip training had
improved her physical awareness.

"Do you ever feel weird about being beautiful?" Ann asked.

"Huh? You're asking me that? I'm not beautiful."

"Yes you are! I've seen lots of boys look at you."

"L-lots?" Nanako asked, feeling a blush glow on her cheeks.

"Sure, especially when school started. You were the new girl, after all, and I heard all sorts of
people talk about how pretty you were - and how you were too beautiful to be a criminal's
girlfriend."

"That's just a bunch of school rumors, though. I'm not like you."

"No, you're not like me. I'm a hafu. I'm too tall, too white, too blonde, too busty, too blue-
eyed...all of the things that make me a good model make me stand out in the rest of the
world. There's an American saying that I think about a lot - the tallest nail is the first to get
hit with a hammer."

"Oh, yes, I suppose," Nanako said. "But that's why I feel bad about this. You don't want all
this attention, and -"

"But, sometimes I do," Ann interrupted. "See the contradiction? At school, people make fun
of me or spread rumors or just...ignore me. But when I'm modeling, I'm special - people
literally pay money so they can take a picture of me. And sometimes that gets confusing in
my own head. And then when boys look at me, it's a whole other level of confusion..."

"There's a difference between modeling and being objectified by some random guy," Nanako
said. "In one case you're making art, or selling a product, or making someone feel something.
In the other, another person is using you as fantasy fuel for their own pleasure."

"Like Kamoshida," Ann said.

"Yes. Like him."



"I know," she said. "It doesn't make it any less confusing...after all, being beautiful has
advantages. I can't say that it doesn't. People at school aren't always the nicest, but others
treat me differently because of how I look. And overseas? It's even stronger. It's not fair, but
it's how people are..."

"So you want to be taken seriously for your mind," Nanako said. Ann laughed.

"What mind?"

"You're not stupid," Nanako insisted.

"No, I'm not. But I'm not crazy smart, either. I'm not like Niijima-san...or you. You have a
brain that could change the world, Nanako. I'm average in that department, and it's fine. So
why shouldn't I use my beauty, right? When I see other models, it makes me happy. It can
inspire me. It can lift my spirits. I know some people feel that way about my work too...I
suppose that's why I empathize with Kitagawa-kun so much. I understand what he means
about projecting beauty into the world."

Ann sighed and rubbed her eyes.

"I'm tired of thinking about this. I've made my decision! I'll do it, so long as I don't get creepy
vibes from Sano and the quality of his work is good," Ann said. "And, I need a favor from
you."

"Certainly, anything," Nanako said.

"I'm visiting Shiho next week....I want you to come with me."

"Oh. Uh, sure, that's not a problem, but...I don't know her that well..."

"It's fine. I just want you to be with me."

"Okay," Nanako said with a shrug. "Thanks, Ann. And sorry about all of this..."

"It's okay, stop apologizing. But you know...you're going to have to be in this photoshoot
too."

"Yeah, I know..."

"I bet Ren would like a copy."

"A-Ann!"

Ann laughed while Nanako hid behind the pillow again.



Chapter 180: 5/20 - After School
Chapter Summary

At the leathershop in Ueno.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Nanako was nervous.

She wasn't sure why. Sano and Ann had met before. Nanako was very confident in her non-
creepy endorsement of Sano. And yet there was this brimming anxiety chest beneath the
surface of her chest.

She really wanted this to go well.

But why? The whole cosplay thing was just a ruse to keep Sano off the track of their
Phantom Thieves activity. Nanako didn't really care if Ann put on a crazy leather corset and
take pictures. She did want to help Sano out with his dreams, but was that a good reason to
feel this nervous?

"Do you mind lifting your arm a little, Takamaki-san?" Sano asked, holding his measuring
tape in place as he took a measurement of Ann's bust.

"Sure," she said, moving non-chalantly.

Nanako looked around the room and breathed in the scent of leather, wishing there was
something for her to do.

"Okay, I think that's everything I need," Sano said, winding up his measuring tape and
moving over to his notepad to scribble down some more numbers. "Thanks for your
patience."

"You're quite good," Ann said. "I've worked with professionals for my modeling job, and you
take measurements just like them."

"Ah, well, thank you," Sano said, rubbing the back of his head bashfully. "I'll be right back."

Ann walked over to her letterman jacket and pulled it back on, then rejoined Nanako.

"So...?"



"Hm? Oh, he did fine. You were right, not creepy at all. He's just very passionate about his
leathermaking and wants it to do well...I understand that passion. My mom is the same way
about the things she designs. He's interesting. He's got a craftsman attitude and demeanor, but
there's an almost artistic soul inside of him."

Nanako narrowed her eyes. "Why are you talking so...flowery?"

"Hm? Am I? He's handsome, don't you think? His arms are so strong and he's got an
easygoing personality..."

"Are you interested in him?" Nanako asked.

"No. But you should be."

"W-what!? Me?" Nanako hissed, pulilng Ann further away from the back room so that Sano
wouldn't accidentally overhear anything.

"Yeah, why not? You said yourself you weren't sure what kind of guy you wanted, and Sano
is about as different from Ren as you can get. Maybe you could figure out your feelings if
you went on a date with him!"

"A date!? That's...a little forward, isn't it?"

"It's a good idea," Ann insisted, her voice lilting in a sing-song.

"What if he's not interested?"

"Oh, he's definitely interested. Just watch his expression when he looks at you."

This was preposterous. Ann had said some outlandish, teasing things about her and boys
before, but this was out of the question. Why would Sano be looking at her? She was so
completely plain compared to someone as unique and gorgeous as Ann. There was no way
he'd be thinking about Nanako's ordinary body after being so close to Ann's.

"Ah, I almost forgot, Nanako-san," Sano said as he rushed back into the room. "We have to
try on the jacket."

Sano held out the bomber jacket. It was gorgeous, Nanako had to admit. The back had a
pattern stitched into it that matched the swirling design of the "Library Chicks" character that
she was supposed to be cosplaying. Sano handed it to her and she slipped it on.

It was a perfect fit. The leather was strong but supple, the aroma giving Nanako a sense of
masculine comfort, as if she were being hugged by a strong man. She moved around a bit in
it, striking a few poses - yes, it was flexible enough that she could fight in the Metaverse in it,
but strong enough to survive the wear and tear of their adventures .

It also looked super badass. Nanako studied herself in the mirror, checking several angles.

"You look great!" Ann said.



"It's amazing, Sano..." Nanako said, drifting off. She looked up in the mirror to make eye
contact with Sano.

She saw it. Sano's face was looking at her with a sincere admiration and a...longing, maybe?
She tried to find words to describe the expression, but she couldn't. All she was left with was
the distinct impression that was the face of someone with a crush.

Nanako blushed.

"T-thank you," Nanako said. "For making it, I mean. It must've been hard work."

"It was nothing," Sano said, smiling. "So uh...I'll just ring you out."

They went to the register to settle up the tab. Nanako felt her heart pounding.

Sano? A date? He was definitely good looking, and definitely a nice guy...and he was
definitely interested...but...could she really use him like that? Going on a date with him to
help figure out her feelings for Ren? That seemed manipulative and wrong, especially if
Sano's feelings were true.

"You want a receipt?" he asked.

"Oh, uh, no. That's okay."

"I'll uh...let you know when the corset is getting closer to being done...did you need anything
else? Any other projects to work on?" Sano asked.

"Um. No, I...can't think of anything at the moment," Nanako said. "But I'll text you if I do,
okay?"

"Sure," he said, smiling, though with a hint of disappointment in his voice.

The moment had passed. Neither one of them had made the first move. Nanako rejoined Ann
and they walked out of the store.

"No, huh?" Ann asked.

"Well...I don't know. I'm going to think about it. You kinda sprung it on me there."

"Yeah, I guess I did...sorry..."

"No worries," Nanako insisted. "You're just looking out for me. I appreciate it. But are you
really just going to set me up with every nice guy we know? Aren't you interested in any of
them?"

Ann shrugged.

"I'll make my move when I want to."

"Yikes. Definitely a Panther..."



"S-shut up!" Ann said, blushing.

Chapter End Notes

Oof, it's been a rough week, and honestly next week is going to be pretty crazy too, so I
might be a bit slower on the updates. Sorry!

Btw, anyone else getting P5 Strikers!? I'm totally pumped for it.



Chapter 181: 5/20 - Evening
Chapter Summary

Emperors.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

"How come you didn't tell me you were workin'?"

Chie glared.

"You didn't tell me you were going to randomly show up!"

"Well it's a surprise visit, senpai! It's not much of a surprise if I tell you," Kanji grumbled
back.

"Stop calling me senpai! We graduated high school like ten years ago!" Chie sighed.

"How was I supposed to know you were workin' based on what you said? Your text just said
'I'm at a museum' and I said 'which one' and you told me and then I'm here. I mean, why you
are guardin' this museum anyway? Ain't they got museum guards?" Kanji asked.

Chie groaned and crossed her arms. She had asked the exact same question when she had
gotten the last minute orders to pull a double shift and stand guard at the frou-frou Madarame
exhibit. Of course she was the only officer on duty, which meant that this was still retaliation
from the chief. How long was he going to be mad about her little kung fu stunt? Wasn't
enough enough?

"It's a long story, Kanji. The point is, I'm stuck here at this museum for a while, so you can go
if you want. I'll catch up with you tomorrow."

"Can I go in? I kinda wanted to see the Madarame exhibit."

"Eh? Oh, I guess you are kinda into art, huh? Well, the exhibit's technically closed, but who
cares, I have to patrol anyway. You know, in case one of the paintings decided to get up and
walk away on its own or something."

Chie opened the museum door and led Kanji inside. They had to look like quite the
interesting pair - her in her rumpled uniform, bags under her eyes, and hair that probably
neede d a little trimming. Kanji had kept his hair mostly black in a daring swoop across his
head, but had bleached a streak of it at the front - something of a halfway point between his
delinquent phase and his "good student" phase he had in high school. He was still sleeveless,



showing that he had added tattoos onto both arms over the years. He had a spiked belt and a
pair of jeans but Chie knew that his boots were really expensive.

Life of a famous YouTuber. Must be nice...

They strolled around the empty exhibit. Kanji stopped at each one and examined it a bit
before moving on to the next one. Chie had been staring at them for hours now, and her own
sense of art wasn't that well-refined. To her, some of them looked cool, some didn't.

Kanji stopped in front of a bold sunset, painted in a blazing oranges and bright turquoise.

"Huh," he muttered.

"What?"

"How come they put you here again?"

Chie grumbled. "Not that it matters, but the excuse I was given is that Madarame has been
robbed before. His most famous piece was stolen or something, so they put me to help protect
it..."

"And they never found it?"

"Dunno. Why?"

"Eh, maybe it's nothing," Kanji said, rubbing the back of his head. "But I had a weird
conversation with Nanako a few days ago. She was talking about art and personal styles and
stuff like that...looking at all these pieces got me thinkin' about it, that's all."

"Why?" Chie asked, confused.

"Eh, it's like...kinda feels like these were all made by different people," Kanji said. "Then
again, he is supposed to be a master of multiple styles. That's probably the whole point."

A jarring slam echoed through the museum halls, followed by the sound of a grunt. Both
Chie and Kanji spun towards the sound.

"The hell was that?"

"I don't know. Stay here," Chie said, taking the lead and grabbing her flashlight.

"No way, I'm backin' you up."

Chie didn't have time to argue, so she pushed on with Kanji trailing behind her. As it turned
out she didn't need the flashlight because the next hallway was well-lit. She saw a thin young
man standing in the center of the hallway, a massive portrait balanced in his arms. He was
taking step after laborious step trying to keep it upright. It was so huge that Chie thought it
probably needed two, maybe three people to move.



"Nngh...no!" the young man cried out as he lost his balance. He fell to his knees and looked
up to watch the painting crash to the ground.

Except it didn't.

"Hey, you all right?" Kanji asked, holding one end of the painting. Chie held the other.

"Ah....my goodness. Yes, I'm fine. Thank you for catching that, if I had dropped one of
sensei's works it would have been disastrous."

"Where do you want it?" Kanji asked.

"I'll lead you, and lend a hand."

"No, it's okay, we got it," Chie said. Despite spending all day making videos and sewing
dolls, Kanji was still pretty built, so the portrait, though huge, wasn't a huge burden. The
young man nodded and led them down the hallway. The three worked together to hang it on
the blank space of wall. Then the young man spent several minutes framing it with his fingers
and making adjustments to make sure it was perfectly straight.

"Ah, perfect. Again, I'm in your debt," the young man said.

"No problem, but...why are you moving it by yourself? And you're wearing a student
uniform, why are you even here?" Chie asked. The young man's posture changed, looking
defensive.

"My name is Yusuke Kitagawa. I'm Madarame's ward and apprentice. I have been helping
him make some changes to the exhibit. He left me a list of tasks to do. May I ask why you're
here?"

"I'm Officer Satonaka, assigned for security detail."

"I'm just hangin' out."

Chie glared at Kanji. Kitagawa gave Kanji a puzzled look, but didn't comment further.

"I see. Well, thank you for your help."

"Why did he have you lift that by yourself?" Chie asked. "It's too heavy. He should've gotten
you some help."

"I do not mind a bit of hard labor in the pursuit of beauty. An artist's work is not just the
refined motor control, but also pure physical strength and willpower. These sorts of tasks
keep the mind and body prepare for anything."

"You could probably get the same effect doing a few pushups," Kanji said. "That looked
dangerous. You should stick up for yourself next time."

"Stick up for myself? This is the training of my sensei, of a true master. It would be foolish to
reject his guidance."



"Or maybe he's just too cheap to hire someone to move it right," Kanji said.

"Kanji, leave him alone..." Chie muttered.

"What? Kitagawa-kun here ain't dumb, he knew that portrait was too big for him to move by
himself. And if he'd dropped it, you think his sensei woulda just let that go?"

"Just what are you insinuating here, sir?" Kitagawa said, standing tall, his voice turning
haughty.

"Just sayin' you should know what you're worth," Kanji said. "Listen, sometimes people use
their expertise as a way to get you to do things with the promise that their expertise is gonna
rub off on you, except they're just usin' you the whole time. The truth is that art is a path
everybody's gotta walk for themselves, on their own terms. Madarame can give ya pointers
and tips, sure, but in the end you ain't making Madarame's art, you're making your own."

Chie was deciding whether she wanted to stomp on Kanji's toes or just slap him across the
face to get him to shut up, but Kitagawa's expression changed. A moment ago he had been
ready to throw his noodle body against Kanji in a fight to the death. Now he looked shocked.

"You have no idea what my life has been like," Kitagawa said in a low voice.

"You're right, I don't have the whole story," Kanji said. "But when I look at you, for some
reason, I feel like I'm lookin' at me from ten years ago. Maybe that's why I'm getting in your
face about it. You don't gotta try and be something that you're not."

"Are you in danger, Kitagawa-kun?" Chie asked with her most sincere voice. She'd had to
have these conversations before as a police officer - trying to coax the truth out of abuse
victims. Unless Kitagawa admitted to it, Chie couldn't do anything more.

"No, I'm not," Kitagawa said. "But I suppose there is some truth to what Kanji-san has said.
Sometimes I feel I should stand up more for myself and exert my own desires...but I owe
Madarame too much. He raised me. He is like a father to me. And I must repay his kindness."

"A parent should want their child to be who they were meant to be," Kanji replied. "I put my
own mom through the ringer when I was a kid, but she always stood by me. When I started to
make a little money I insisted on trying to repay her too, and you know what she said? She
said that my happiness was enough repayment."

Chie watched as Kanji rubbed a tear from one eye. He then dug into his pocket and handed
Kitagawa a card.

"Look, I'm getting into your business and I ain't gotta right to do that. But if you ever need
someone else to talk to, you get in contact with me, all right?"

"I...yes. Thank you for your kindness."

Kitagawa gave them both a slight bow and walked away. Chie turned to Kanji.

"The heck was that about?"



"Eh, sorry, I don't know what came over me...there was just something about him that made
me feel like he was in a lot of pain. I get comments like that a lot on my channel and my
social media. I try to help out where I can. I think a lot about if things would've been different
had someone been there to help me out when I was that age."

"Well...you wouldn't have met us," Chie pointed out.

"That's true. Yu and Yosuke and you...you all saved me. But geez, what would've happened if
you hadn't saved me? Where would I be now?" He shook his head. "No, where I can help, I
will. Maybe it's weird to aggressively hand out advice but...it's who I am."

Chie patted him on the shoulder.

Chapter End Notes

PLEASE NO P5 STRIKER SPOILERS!!!!



Chapter 182: 5/21 - After School
Chapter Summary

Thoughts from Yu Narukami

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

"It's very nice of you to get this car for us, Okumura-san," Yu remarked.

"Oh, it was no trouble at all. It's the least I can do for inviting me to this concert. I haven't
been to a concert in a long while, so I'm terribly excited. Oh, also, you don't need to be so
formal, please feel free to call me Haru."

"Okay, I will, Haru-chan," Yu said. Haru smiled and went back to talking excitedly with
Nanako. Both girls were amazed and excited - Nanako at being in a limo, Haru at going to
see Rise in concert and then meet her backstage.

Yu didn't share Nanako's excitement at being in a limo. They'd sorta been ruined for him after
the events of ten years ago. He kept wondering if the light was going to vanish from outside
and he'd see Margaret smirking at him in the corner...

...Margaret.

He hadn't thought about Margaret for years, and yet at one point the two had shared a sort of
bond, he thought. The only time he really gave her much thought was when Teddie had first
gone missing, and he'd reached out to try and find her.

Reached out into what? Well, nothing, he supposed. He had tried thinking of her before going
to sleep, he had tried staring at the TV at night, he had even tried praying to the
Compendium. Nothing worked.

The one person that might have guided them back into the Midnight Channel, cut off from
him completely.

It was Nanako, Yu.

Naoto's revelation that Nanako had been seen with the victims of the Kamoshida case had
shook him more than he wanted to admit. He had run home that evening and found
everything where it was supposed to be, and he thought he had settled the matter once and for
all. But doubt lingered, and in no small part because it was Naoto who noticed it. She was
very rarely wrong.



Then again, Naoto had also said it might be nothing - mere coincidence.

Watching her now, sitting in a limo and chatting with a friend, Yu wanted to believe that.

Pi pi pi.

He reached for his phone.

YOSUKE: Bro, where are you? 

YU: On my way to Rise's concert. 

YOSUKE: What?! And you didn't invite me!? Aren't there a bunch of other idols
performing? 

YU: Well, I know Kanamin's gonna be there, and a few others, yes . 

YOSUKE: Brooooo! Come on!

Yu winced.

YU: Sorry. I'll make it up to you. I'll have Rise introduce you to someone. 

YOSUKE: Really!? She'd do that?

Yu thought about it.

YU: It'll be fine, I think. 

YOSUKE: You're not inspiring a lot of confidence, bro... 

YU: Sorry, heading in now, phones aren't allowed, talk to you later.

Yu quickly put his phone on silent.

Chapter End Notes

Ah, I played some of P5S! Please keep spoilers out of the comments for others, but it's
fun so far!



Chapter 183: 5/21 - Evening
Chapter Summary

Risette

The crowd swelled into a frenzy, arms flailing. A thousand people sung at the top of their
lungs.

"Shout, friends! Just those words you really mean And let your voice be heard all over the
world Stand up when you hear the knock on the door~!"

Rise strutted to the front of the stage.

"Remember everyone to reach out for your truth! Thank you all so much for coming, I love
you all~!"

The band ramped up for the finale.

"It's me, come on out;

Get ready for your True Story~!"

At the final beat all the lights in the arena went out. The crowd cheered, and half a beat later
the band started back up. The house lights rose and the announcer asked that everyone start to
orderly leave the venue.

"That was incredible!" Haru gushed. "I don't remember the last time I've had that much fun."

"Isn't she just the greatest!?" Nanako said, surprisingly pumped up herself. Yu had taken
Nanako to so many of these concerts that he wondered if they were starting to lose their shine
- after all, she wasn't six anymore. But she was just as energetic as ever.

That was Rise for you, though. She had a way of putting a smile on everyone's face.

"You guys ready to head backstage?" Yu asked. He flipped closed his journalist's notebook,
having finished the last notes he wanted to make.

"Oh, please!...though, do I look okay, Nana-chan? I feel so plain and sweaty. Maybe I should
touch up my make up..."

"You look fine, Haru-chan," Nanako said. "No one is going to be sweatier than Rise after a
performance like that."

"Very well...oh, what will I say?"



"Relax, she's like my older sister. It'll be fine," Nanako said, shoving Haru forward with both
hands. Yu chuckled and followed along. He showed all of the needed badges and credentials
to the security and they slipped backstage. There were a dozen stagehands moving all the
equipment around for a megashow like this one - props, gliding stairways, laser light
projectors, speakers, and what not. There were two main dressing room doors ahead with
stars attached to them: one said "Risette" and the other "Kanamin."

The other girls, a newer idol group called "The Chacha Cherries", had the large group
dressing room at the other end. Yu was actually there to mostly write about them, since it was
a big deal for them to open for Rise and Kanami.

Nanako led the charge and burst into Rise's dressing room. Yu followed after and shut the
door behind them.

"Hi Rise! That was a great show!" Nanako started. Rise sat on a high chair chugging a bottle
of water. As Nanako had predicted, she was dripping with sweat. She wore only a strapless
black bra and her "stage panties", as Rise called them. Haru looked a little stricken.

"Oh, my goodness! Please forgive our intrusion!" Haru said, bowing immediately. Yu almost
laughed. Rise did chuckle a little.

"Oh, don't worry about me. When you have as many costume changes as I do, you stop
worrying about this," Rise said, gesturing at herself. "I think half the crew has seen me naked
at this point."

"O-oh," Haru stammered. Rise smiled brightly and toweled her torso off and then extended a
hand.

"I'm Rise Kujikawa. You must be Nanako's friend."

Haru took the hand and shook it. "Y-yes! My name is Haru Okumura, it's very nice to meet
you."

Rise, being in the public eye, was very good at controlling her facial reactions. But Yu's eye
could track the difference - she'd noticed the name "Okumura," much as he had, but she didn't
comment on it. She went over to a nearby clothing rack and slipped on a robe before sitting
back down.

"So are you a fan, Haru-chan?"

"Y-yes, well, sort of. Well, I wasn't a huge fan before, but I definitely am now! What an
incredible show! I haven't been that moved in a long time!"

"I'm glad to hear it! That's what I always hope for in every show, that people leave happy or
inspired. What'd you think, Nanako?"

"You did great, as always," Nanako said.

"Annnnnd what did you think, senpaiii~?"



Rise crossed her legs and then leaned her chin on her elbow, locking her gaze directly at Yu.

He felt completely frozen and on fire all at the same time. He couldn't resist her in general,
but when she leveled that gaze at him, he was completely powerless. No tetrakarn or
makarakarn would protect him. Not even Izanagi-no-Ookami was immune against it.

"W-wonderful," he said. Damnit, did he just stutter?!

Rise and Nanako giggled.

"Wow, big bro flustered. I never thought I'd see the day," Nanako said. "You should just
marry her already, a diamond like this only comes once in a life time."

"N-Nanako, come on, cut it out," Yu said, feeling a blush on his cheeks. Haru was blushing
furiously too, but she was starry-eyed with the romance she was observing.

"Risette has an incredible control over him with a single look! I wonder if I could learn this
power too..."

"Stick around Haru-chan, I have many important lessons to impart," Rise said. She stood up
and walked over towards at able, presumably to get some of the food laid out there. But she
stopped mid-stride, turned and looked over her shoulder at Yu.

"Ara ara~"

"I-I need to go check something," Yu said suddenly, then zipped out of the room. This time
all three girls laughed.

Damn her, making him lose his composure like that! He'd make sure she paid for it ten times
over later.

"Eh? Narukami?"

Yu turned around.

"Oh, Ohya. What are you doing here?"

His fellow journalist looked put-out, irritated, and tired.

"Got assigned to cover Kanamin and the Okumura angle," Ohya said, looking irritated.
"You?"

"Chacha Cherries," Yu replied. "My cousin is a fan of Risette, though, so I got them
backstage."

"Oh, that's nice of you," she muttered.

"What do you mean 'Okumura angle'?" Yu asked.



"Hm? You don't know? I would've thought if anyone had the scoop on that it'd be you.
Kanamin Kitchen is reforming, but under the Okumura Foods brand."

Yu thought about that for a moment. Kanamin Kitchen was a food-themed idol group from
about 10 years prior. Rise had done some tour work with them, which is how Yu had
originally met Kanamin. Of course, like most idol groups, they broke up after a while to
pursue their own careers or leave the idol scene entirely.

"That is pretty big news. Well, as far as idols are concerned," Yu said.

"Mm. Well if you want to cover it, be my guest."

Yu thought about it. It was probably the closest he'd get to covering actual news through his
official position. Ohya might get in trouble, but she was already in trouble all the time, so
what did it matter?

But...

Haru was just a kid, so there was no possible way that she'd be involved in any of the
Okumura business. Still, she might see that him writing about her family's company would be
an abuse of her and Nanako's friendship. And, well...Haru was just a normal girl. In a normal
friendship with Nanako.

Seeing them together soothed Yu. He hadn't realized just how much he was worrying about
Nanako until now. But knowing that she had a good friend that wasn't a potential criminal
helped him understand it was all going to be okay. The last thing he was going to do was ruin
that.

"No thanks," he said. She sighed.

"Well, it was worth a shot. By the way, I looked into that guy...he's had an interesting career,
you know. Never lost any cases."

"That's not unusual for the Japanese court system, unfortunately," Yu said.

"Yeah, true, but...some of those cases...I don't know. But you know how powerful he is, right?
You sure you want to stick your nose in that?"

"As sure as you are when you cross lines," he said. She shrugged.

A girl with brown hair and huge glasses walked by.

"I can appreciate that. Well, let's get in touch again soon. I have something I want to run by
you."

"Sure, sure."

"Now, I better find Kanamin before she rushes off."

"You just missed her," Yu said.



"W-wait, what!?"

"Yeah, she looks very different when not in costume. Brown hair, glasses."

"Oh, damnit!" Ohya said, running down the hallway. Yu turned towards a large speaker stack.

"She's gone," he said.

Kanami peeked her head out from behind the speaker and let out a breath of relief.

"Thanks, Yu-san," she said.

"No problem. Congratulations on the Kanamin Kitchen, by the way."

"T-thanks. Say, is Rise busy?"

"She's in there with Nanako and her friend. I'm sure they'd love to see you."

Kanami lit up. "Nanako's here!?"

Then she rushed in.

Yu took a moment and thought about Naoto's warning. He imagined it written on a piece of
paper.

Then in his mind crumpled it up and threw it away.

Nanako wasn't involved in any of that Phantom Thief nonsense.

He was sure of it.



Chapter 184: 5/22 - Early Morning
Chapter Summary

Nanako sleepwalks.

"Nanako!"

Nanako looked up. Ren was staring at her, eyes wide with confusion, standing on the other
side of the train door. Nanako was a little confused.

Why was he looking at her like that?

Why was she standing there...?

He reached across, snagged her wrist, and pulled her onto the train. Nanako let out a little
squeak as she crashed into Ren's arms. He held her - if only a moment - to regain her balance.

"Are you okay?" he asked. Suddenly it all came back to her. She had been waiting on the
platform for the train to school and had just closed her eyes for a moment...

"I think I fell asleep there for a second," Nanako said. "Sorry. And thanks."

Ren scooped up his school bag, with Morgana inside, and gestured for her to take the seat.
Nanako did.

"Why are you so tired?"

Nanako yawned. "I went to a concert last night, then afterwards I ended up going to dinner
with everyone and we didn't get home until way too late...I should've just called in sick..."

"A concert?"

"Yeah, Rise's...wait, did I tell you I know Rise? I can't remember...I think I did..."

He chuckled and dug around in his bag.

"Don't worry about it, you just rest up. We're going in today, remember. I need you at full
strength. Here."

He produced a small purple thermos from inside his bag.

"Hey, I was using that, it's warm..." Morgana complained through his own yawn.



"All you do is sleep at school anyway, get over it," Ren remarked. He handed Nanako the
thermos. She opened it, then popped open the top and breathed it in.

Coffee!

Leblanc Coffee!

"Wait, I can have this!? You don't mind?!"

"It's for you," he said. She immediately took a swig, enjoying the chocolately roast notes
along the back of her tongue and feeling the warmth of the liquid glowing in her belly.

"I love you..." she said dreamily. "Ah, I mean, you know! I love you for bringing this...coffee.
I love the coffee."

Ren pretended not to notice.



Chapter 185: 5/22 - After School
Chapter Summary

Nanako's new disguise.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Shibuya Terminal Accessway.

They stood in a circle. Ann had her phone out on speaker.

"The goal for today is to get as far as we can into the palace," Ren said. "Mapping the
infiltration point was mostly dumb luck last time, but this time we need to be faster and
smarter."

"We also need to get stronger," Morgana added. "We should pace ourselves, but we need to
engage with the new shadows and learn their weaknesses. Last time, we were only able to
take advantage of the chaos in Kamoshida's palace because we knew everything there was to
know about the shadows."

"So are we sneaking or fighting?" Ryuji asked, looking perplexed.

"Both, in moderation," Ren said. "I know it's...confusing. Just follow my lead."

"Okay, I can do that," Ryuji said.

"I'm ready," Ann said.

"What about Nanako?" Ren asked.

Everyone looked at the phone.

"Okay, yeah, I'm ready just...don't laugh, okay?"

Ann looked up at the boys, her aqua eyes smoldering with the intensity of a neutron star.

"No laughing here, ma'am," Ryuji said with a gulp.

"I'm sure it's fine. Just get out here," Ren said.

Down the hall, Nanako exited the bathroom. When she had first conceived of the idea of her
new outfit, she had thought it was pretty brilliant. Now she just felt sorta silly. She was
dressed as Kira, the character from "Library Chicks" that she was supposed to be cosplaying.



She had the hat, of course, and the jacket, and finding a suitable black tanktop was easy
but...the shorts...

She had to borrow some from Ann, and there was just...so much leg...

Nanako had her hair in a ponytail going through the back of the hat, and of course had her big
bro's glasses. The gun and holster were temporarily tucked into the cover of the Compendium
to keep it hidden.

"Whoah, I barely recognize you," Ryuji said. "I guess that disguise will definitely work."

"Yes, I leg it - like it!" Ren said, immediately catching his misspeak. He quickly went to
adjust his glasses while Nanako blushed furiously and stared at the ground.

"Ooookay, well," Ann said, bringing up her phone. "Madarame, Vanity, Museum."

Beginning navigation.

Chapter End Notes

Okay, I know that neutron stars aren't like that, but I liked the rhythm of that sentence so
I left it anyway! Don't @ me, science nerds.



Chapter 186: 5/22 - Museum of Vanity
Chapter Summary

Battles.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

The statue was called The Infinite Spring.

Those who could not contribute were not worth living. That's what it said, while a golden
twist of children spiraled up into the ceiling.

It had sickened Nanako. But it had infuriated Panther.

Who was now taking it out on the shadows.

"Carmen!" she cried, holding her whip in both hands. A whisp of her Persona's arm appeared,
touching the handle of her whip, setting it ablaze. In a whirling spiral of righteous fury, she
released the whip and sent it to strangle the nearest security guard shadow. It yelped in panic
and grabbed at his neck, but the flames were already spreading. Panther gave it a sharp and
sudden yank, separating the head from the shoulder, turning the shadow into melting ink.

"Panther, behind you!" Mona called. Panther didn't even look, instead cracking her whip
behind her, striking with another burst of fire. The first strike hit true, slapping the mask off
of the shadow, forcing it to transform into a red-skinned fairy-like creature with ram horns.

The name Hua Po leapt into Nanako's head from the Compendium.

"Persona!" Ann yelled, pulling off her mask and spinning around.

"Panther, wait-!" Nanako yelled out.

It was too late. Carmen's flames shot out in a blazing spout, but Hua Po merely laughed and
made a curling motion with her fingers. The fire gathered up into her palms, then shot
backwards at Panther.

"What!?" Panther cried while Carmen rushed ahead of her to try and block the same blast of
fire they had just created. Nanako flipped through the Compendium.

"Izanagi!" Nanako shouted, crushing the card. "Rakukaja!"



The protective spell swirled around Panther and Carmen just as the fire came rushing over
them. The spell, combined with Panther and Carmen's innate resistance to their own fire,
weakened the fire blast to a few tongues. Panther leapt back.

"Are you okay!?" Nanako yelled.

"Yeah, just a little singed," she grumbled.

"It's weak to gunfire," Nanako added.

Panther grinned.

Both girls drew their weapons and let loose. Hua Po collapsed immediately, bleeding ink out
of the new holes in its chest until it melted completely.

"Come on you green asshole, go down!" Skull yelled. Captain Kidd hovered at his side,
letting loose a continuous stream of lightning at the green boomerang mummy, Mokoi. The
attack was doing some damage, but Nanako felt the wisdom of the Compendium warning her
that it was resistant.

"Mona!" Joker commanded. He had leapt upward and was perched on the Infinite Spring.

"Zorro, my other self! Garu!"

The green twists of wind energy erupted from beneath Mokoi, sending him stumbling
backward.

"Phantom Thieves! All out attack!" Joker commanded.

Skull was the closest, so he rushed forward first and cracked his pipe across Mokoi's face,
rocking him onto his heels. Panther's whip lashed out and wrapped around his midsection and
pulled Mokoi back forward, his head swinging down just as Nanako came rushing in to
swing the Compendium in an uppercut into his face.

The whip and book retreated and Joker descended from above, landing on Mokoi's shoulders.
He grabbed Mokoi's arm to keep him from throwing his boomerang, then leaned back to
stretch out and expose his chest.

Mona jump up and drove his cutlass straight through the center.

Mokoi melted. The Phantom Thieves circled back to back, but saw no further shadows.

"Phew," Skull said, rotating his arm. "This is only the third room and it's giving me a
workout."

"Come on, let's push on," Joker ordered. The Thieves fell in behind him as he led the way up
the stairwell and into the next set of hallways. They avoided one patrolling shadow. Mona
stopped.

"This door...I think it's a safe room. The distortion is low here."



He hopped up and pulled the handle down, and the Thieves slipped inside.

The safe room looked the same as it did in Kamoshida's palace - marble and gold
decorations, plush purple carpeting, and a beautifully crafted table for the team to sit at.
Nanako flipped through the Compendium and summoned Pixie. The little sprite floated
around above Panther, sprinkling glowing green Dia energy across her.

"I didn't know they could throw fire back," Panther said.

"Some of them are resistant against certain elements, some completely immune, and some
can repel it," Mona said. "We'll need to keep track of these things as we continue on."

"I can remember some of it," Nanako mentioned.

"Me too," Joker said. "But Mona, can you help keep track?"

"Of course. I, as the master tactician, will keep us one step ahead of the enemy," Mona said,
crossing his cute little arms and tipping his head proudly.

Nanako dug through her bag and pulled out one of Haru's carrots and snapped into it. The
cognition of their healthy bitterness helped clear her mind immediately, but she still felt
groggy. Joker slipped up beside her.

"You holding up okay?"

"I messed up," Nanako said. "I stayed up way too late."

"You're doing fine, but speak up if you get tired."

"I can keep going," Nanako insisted. Joker only nodded.

"The rest of you?"

"Yeah, let's go a little further. I'm tired, but it's that good kinda tired, y'know? The kind where
you ache, but you know you'll be stronger for it in the end," Skull said with a grin.

"I'm good too," Panther said.

"Let's press on!" Mona added.

Chapter End Notes

Special shotout to P5S for giving me cool new ideas on how to write Persona battles.

Speaking of P5S, I've randomly decided to start streaming it, so if you wanna hang out
and chat about Persona or you don't want/can't get the game and want to see the story,
my twitch name is "ingdaydreams."



I'll probably post the recordings too, but I'll let you know when I get around to that.



Chapter 187: 5/22 - Museum of Vanity
Chapter Summary

Nanako uses time wisely.

"How the hell are we going to deal with that? And why is there a giant hole in the middle of a
museum?

Nanako and Skull were perched on a window, the rest of the team hiding in the hallway
behind them. Skull had been excited when he saw the opening, thinking it would get them
past the locked door, but now they were staring down at a very large hole in the ground.

Nanako squinted.

"Leap of faith. Only the penitent man will cross."

"What?"

Nanako jumped. Skull reached out, trying to grab onto her. She landed in the center of the
hole, floating above it.

"It's a painting," Nanako said. "The perspective makes it look like it's a real hole."

Skull jumped down and landed on the floor painting beside her.

"Huh. How'd you figure that out? And what was that thing about faith and Pelican Man?"

"Pentitent man," Nanako corrected. "It's from the Last Crusade. You know, the three trials,
the invisible bridge that is just painted there?"

"The what?"

"You've never seen Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade!? It's a classic American movie.
Harrison Ford fights Nazis and finds treasures. Actually, he'd be a good Phantom Thief."

Joker, Mona, and Panther leapt through the window and landed on the painting. Skull
shrugged.

"Guess I'll have to download it somewhere," he said.

Joker took point again, gliding in his inky smoothness into the next room and zipping up to a
ledge, where he found another circulation vent and slipped into that as well. Panther had
already declared that the boys were to always enter the vents first. Nanako went last and



droped into the hallway to find the rest of the team had already hidden themselves along the
wall.

A shadow patrolled along the far end next to a room that was labeled "SECURITY." Nanako
reached down her thigh holster, while the rest of her was eerily frozen in place. The shadow
turned.

Then turned some more.

Then went into the security door. Nanako let out the breath she didn't realize she was holding
and slipped to the side of the wall behind Mona.

"Isn't it odd that there's so much security?" Nanako asked. " It made sense in a castle, but
even with valuable artwork around would there really need to be so much dedicated
protection? And what about the infrared lasers? Those weren't there the first time we came
in."

"Madarame's more paranoid than Kamoshida was, again most likely because his secrets are
older," Mona said.

"Right, that makes sense, but what changed so recently? What activated the lasers in the past
six days?"

"Well, you see..." Mona started. Then he paused mid-sentence. And crossed his arms. And
then looked defeated. "I uh...I don't know."

"That's okay," Nanako said, patting his head.

"H-hey, don't pat my head! I'm not a cat!"

"Sorry, I forgot. Panther pet you earlier and you didn't seem to mind."

"Well, yeah, because that was Lady Ann..."

They turned into the next hallway, which had a large golden vase in the center with several
large paintings in wings on either side. Several of them looked to be packed in boxes, but
none of it was particularly useful-looking. Joker nodded for them to continue on.

"Whoah...check this one out..." Mona said, lingering by the vase. "Isn't it so...shiny? I bet it's
worth a lot in the real world...we could really use the money..."

"Eh? Dude, that things huge, there's no way we can carry it back- wha!"

Morgana leapt onto the vase, his eyes wide with uncontrollable lust. He let out a long
greeooooowwww~ and followed it with a purr that was loud as a chainsaw.

"Mona, you tripped an alarm! Everyone back!"

Nanako stepped backward but bumped into Skull. The two of them stumbled into a rapidly
shutting security wall and fell to the ground.



With an electric thrum, red laser beams blinked on, criss-crossing the entire area. Nanako
crawled over towards one, wondering if she could slide underneath, but the gap was too
short.

"Damnit, stupid cat," Skull mumbled.

"Everyone okay?" Joker called out.

"Skull and I are fine," Nanako replied.

"I'm okay too," Panther yelled from the other side of the room.

"Geez...I can't believe I did that...I'm sorry everyone..." Mona said, still clinging onto the
vase.

"How are we going to get out of this?" Skull asked.

"Joker is fine," Nanako pointed out. Skull got up and peered over. Joker was indeed fine - he
had managed to flip back to the main hallway, just outside the lasers.

"Well, chop chop, leader," Nanako called. "Get us out of here."

Joker grinned and went to do just that.

In the meantime, Nanako sat down on the floor, setting the Compendium in her lap. Skull did
the same, sliding his mask up to his forehead to rub his eyes.

"Oh, no way," Nanako said excitedly as she opened the cover of the Compendium.

"What? What is it?" Ryuji asked.

"Look what I have!" Nanako said, holding up three folded sheets of paper stapled together.
"These are my notes from math today! I forgot I stuck them in there."

"So?"

"So we can study while we wait," Nanako said. "Come on, get closer so we can review."

"What!? No way, we are in the middle of an infiltration! This is not the time to be studying!"

"Sure it is, a little bit of studying at a time strengthens the neural pathways your brain made
with the information. Repetitive short bursts are always more effective than cramming a
bunch of information in at once."

"But...but! What if Joker needs help?!"

Nanako put a hand on her ear to listen.

"Persona! Arsene, ravage them! Eiga! Persona change, Mokoi! Take them out!"

"He's fine," Nanako said. "Come on, let's get to it."



Ryuji groaned and studied while they waited for Joker to free them.



Chapter 188: 5/22 - Evening
Chapter Summary

Nanako goes home.

"Cognition?" Nanako asked.

She was up in Ann's apartment, the pair of them sitting in the living room. Big bro and Rise
were already home, but Ren had called with some Phantom Thieves business, so Nanako had
retreated with Ann.

"It's the only thing that makes sense," Morgana explained through Ann's speaker phone. "For
a door to have that much security, Madarame's cognition is that he believes it to be
completely unbreakable."

The Phantom Thieves had progressed far enough in the palace only to be confronted with a
giant blue patterned door and huge laser fences. No matter what angle they approached them,
there was no way in, and seemingly no way to cut the power.

"So we're stuck?" Ryuji asked through the phone.

"No. We can change Madarame's cognition," Ren said.

"The same way we use the calling cards," Nanako jumped in, excited as her mind started
putting pieces together. "Madarame believes that no one can get to that part of his palace,
whatever secret that represents. But if we can change Madarme into believing that someone
can get to it, then the way forward will open up."

"I think I get it," Ann said. "But...what is it that he's blocking off?"

No one said anything.

"I guess we're back to square one, huh?" Ryuji said.

"We'll have to ask Kitagawa for more help," Ren said. "He's our only access into Madarame."

"Do you think he'll listen to us after what happened the last time?" Nanako asked.

"If Ann agrees to the modeling," Ren said. "But I don't want you to do anything you're not
comfortable with."

Ann squirmed in her seat, mulling it over.



"It's fine if you guys are with me," Ann said.

"We definitely won't let anything happen to you," Ryuji added.

"Okay. Then I'll contact him tomorrow and set up a time."

"Great. Good work today, everyone," Ren said.

"Psh, you're the one that saved our asses today," Ryuji said. "Although, next time can you do
it a little faster? Nanako made me study that math problem so many times..."

"I'm bringing flash cards next time," Nanako said.

Everyone hung up.

"He's kind of an idiot, but when you get down to it, Ryuji's a good guy," Ann said. Nanako
perked up.

"Ooooh~ is that admiration for a boy I hear?" Nanako teased. Ann made a face.

"Ew, no, not like that," she said. She got up and went to the kitchen. "Want something to
drink?"

"No thanks...hey, sorry, I didn't mean to upset you."

"Mm? You didn't," Ann said, though her tone felt a little distant. "I'm sorry, I'm just pretty
tired..."

"Yeah, I'll get out of your way," Nanako said, standing up.

"Hey, Nanako...Shiho is doing her physical therapy tomorrow. Would you mind coming with
me...?"

"Of course. I said I would, didn't I?"

"Right. Well, I'll text you in the morning."

"Okay. Good night."

Nanako rode the elevator back down to her own floor and turned the key to let herself in.

"I can't believe this, you're totally cheating!"

"I am not, you just suck," came a low, familiar voice, though one Nanako wasn't expecting.
Her eyes lit up and she rushed into the living room.

"Gentlemen," Yu said, "calm down, it's just a game...that you're both losing terribly."

"Shut up, we all know you're gonna beat us," Yosuke grumbled. "This is a battle for second
place!"



"Not really a battle when you spend all your time off the road, senpai," Kanji said.

"I'm not off the road, and stop calling me senpai!"

"Kanji!" Nanako rushed over and hugged him from behind.

"Hey, Nanako-chan. Came just in time to see me beat down Yosuke in Super Drift Racer 7."

"Yeah, he is pretty bad at it," Nanako agreed.

"What!? You too, Nanako-chan?!"

"What, big bro taught me all his moves, I'm the only one who can give him a run for his
money, outside the Speed Queen."

"Speed Queen?" Kanji asked.

"Rise plays this when she's on tour," Yu explained. "She's utterly unstoppable."

"Whoah...never woulda guessed," Kanji said.

"Well, I'm wiped out," Nanako said with a yawn. "Are you in town long, Kanji?"

"Just until Monday. Oh, your parents wanted me to drop off some stuff for you, but I forgot it.
I'll bring it by tomorrow."

"Okay," Nanako said, feeling a flutter of excitement. "Good night everyone."

She went to her room to a chorus of goodnights and shut the door. She slipped her duffle bag
off her shoulders with a heavy thunk, then set to hanging up her infiltration outfit into the
back of her closet and set the Compendium under her pillow, as always.

Kitagawa-kun needed to help them again. She wondered how he would react this time...and if
he was willing to open himself to the truth.



Chapter 189: 5/23 - Afternoon
Chapter Summary

Shiho.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

"If you want me to leave for this part, I'm more than happy to, Suzui," Nanako said.

The room smelled of sweat and antiseptic spray - like a cross between a gym and a hospital,
neither of which were scents that Nanako was particularly fond of. They were in the physical
therapy room at the hospital. Shiho and Ann were by a set of parallel bars on a soft walking
platform. Shiho leaned on her arms, which were supporting most of her weight. Ann stood on
the other end, waiting for her.

There had been a physical therapist in there a few minutes ago, but after they had gone
through all the exercises and routines for the day, she had left Shiho, telling her to practice
going back and forth a few times and left strict instructions for Ann and Nanako to come get
her if something happened.

So far, Shiho had made it across and back once, and it had been grueling. Nanako started to
wonder if maybe this was too intimate a moment for her to be watching, thus the offer to
leave.

Shiho shook her head.

"No, it's fine. I want to show you that I'm doing better. You were there to help me when I
needed it most, Nanako. I need to show you that it was worth all your effort...and please, call
me Shiho. We've been through too much together at this point, don't you think?"

Nanako smiled from her seat. "Yes, of course."

"By the way, thanks for taking care of Ann for me," Shiho said with a smile. "I know she can
be a handful."

"It's not like that, really," Nanako insisted. "She's a really good friend."

"I'm glad you two have become close," Shiho said.

"Guys, I'm right here!" Ann complained. "And cut that out, it's not like I'm trying to replace
you or something, Shiho."



"Oh don't worry, I'm definitely not worried about being replaced," Shiho said. "Okay...one
more time. Ready?"

"Ready," Ann said.

Shiho shut her eyes and took a deep breath, then allowed more weight on her feet. According
to Ann, the doctors had considered it a miracle that Shiho hadn't damaged her spine and
paralyzed herself. But, the damage to her legs was considerable, and her muscles had been
weakened by the surgery and the pins they had to do to repair her leg bones.

Shiho stepped.

And stepped again.

And stepped again.

Each step caused her to grit her teeth and suck in hissing, pained breaths.

"You can do it, Shi," Ann said. "Keep going, I'm so proud of you."

Step. Step. Step.

It made Nanako want to cry. It made her realize how much she took something as simple as
walking for granted. Nanako found that she was rubbing her legs. She silently thanked them
for doing their jobs.

Step.

Step.

"H-hey, Ann," Shiho said, her voice quavering a little bit. "How was that last modeling
shoot?"

"Huh? I mean you don't want to hear about that right now, do you? It's so...unimportant."

"I do. I need you to keep talking to me, Ann. Your voice...it helps me. And I want to hear
about your life, because it distracts me from the pain. It makes this easier."

Ann lit up. "Really? Well...okay. I was with Ren the other day, and-"

"Oh, Ren hmm? When did you and Amamiya get on a first name basis?"

"Hey, it's not like that! Anyway, the agency called me, right, so he tagged along when I went
to fill in, and there was this other girl who was already there, Mika."

"Mika on a first name basis too? Are you getting that friendly with everyone Ann-chan, or is
this just your American side showing?"

"Shiho, come on!" Ann said, looking flustered.

"Sorry, sorry, continue."



And Ann did. She told a story about how her and Ren and this other model and how she had
tricked the rest of the staff into thinking Ann didn't care about the shoot. The story made
Nanako mad, but interestingly it didn't seem to have that effect on Ann. It just made her want
to work harder.

Nanako watched everything closely. Shiho made it back and forth three more times while
Ann told the story.

"She's just jealous, you know," Shiho said when the story was over. "She has to work that
hard to be a top-quality model and here you are just living your life and you're a thousand
times more beautiful."

"I wouldn't say a thousand times..." Ann said, shifting back and forth on her feet.

"Oh, so you admit that you think you're more beautiful than her?"

"H-hey, that's not what I meant!" Ann said, again looking flustered. Shiho laughed.

Which was a bad idea.

The laugh caused her to lose her balance and shift forward. She tried to catch herself with the
strength of her arms, but she was already at her limit from going back and forth so many
times.

Ann rushed forward and caught her.

"I got you, Shiho," Ann said quietly. Shiho lifted her arms from the bars and wrapped them
around Ann's shoulders instead.

"I know."

Nanako got up.

"I have to go to the bathroom," she said quietly, then excused herself from the room.

To kill time, Nanako did in fact use the restroom. Then she wandered to a vending machine
and browsed it a bit before choosing three sodas. She meandered her way back. When she got
there, she saw that the physical therapist had returned and Shiho was back in her wheel chair.

"I got us some drinks," Nanako announced.

"Oh, thanks Nanako," Shiho said.

"Yeah, thanks," Ann said. They each chose a can and the three of them popped the tabs and
sipped.

~~

Nanako and Ann rode the train back in silence. Ann seemed to have a lot on her mind, and
Nanako wanted her to have the space to process it. It wasn't until they got off at the station



that Ann finally said something.

"Shiho's doing great, isn't she?"

"Yes, she's very strong. I bet she'll be in super-shape in no time," Nanako said.

"Yeah...I bet she will..."

They walked out of the station together and followed the route back to their building. Nanako
glanced at the time on her phone.

"You hungry? We could get something to eat, or I can cook something if you want," Nanako
said.

"No, I'm not..." Ann said, trailing off. Nanako frowned. When they got into the building,
Nanako didn't push the button to her floor, but instead followed Ann to hers. Ann didn't say
anything and let Nanako follow into her place. Once the door was closed, Nanako took a
breath and steeled herself.

"Hey, Ann...why did you ask me to go with you today?"

"Hm? Oh, uh...no reason, really. Just wanted some emotional support, I guess. It's a lot to see
Shiho like that."

"You're a great help to her, Ann. She takes inspiration from your strength in pursuing your
goals to help her pursue hers. I'm always happy to be your emotional support, but I don't
think you really need to worry about it. She doesn't blame you for anything that happened,
nor should she, right?"

Ann sat down on her couch. Her hands were on her knees, wringing the fabric of her jeans.

"Yeah, I guess," Ann said. She was so tense, her back as straight as a flagpole. Nanako got
the distinct sense that Ann wanted to say something, but couldn't. She kept taking deep
breaths, like she was going to announce something, but then tightened up again.

Nanako wondered if it would be better to just...pop the bubble.

She sat down next to Ann.

"Ann...you're in love with Shiho, right?"

Ann burst.

The wail that came from Ann was so loud and sudden that it startled Nanako at first. The
tears came rolling out of her aqua blue eyes and Ann folded in on herself, hugging her
stomach while her whole body shook from her cries. Nanako immediately threw her arms
around her and held her close.

"Hey! Hey hey hey, it's okay, it's okay!" Nanako said.



"No it's not! I...I can't believe I'm putting that on her, now of all times..." Ann said, her voice
twisted from her agony. "She needs a friend right now, not someone with a crush...and...and
as if I'm not different enough in the world, I have to be like that on top of it? And when she
finds out, she's going to hate me...and...and..."

The words were tumbling out of Ann one after the other as thoughts long held in finally
found their escape. They started to lose shape and meaning, though, turning into wails
punctuated by sobs. Nanako just held her, unsure of what else to do.

"I...you..." Nanako stammered. Everything she thought to say felt contrite. You're a good
person Ann, it doesn't matter who you love, you'll be okay, Shiho will understand no matter
what. These were things that Nanako could hope for, but the reality was that she couldn't
really reassure Ann with these words.

It wasn't right, but being a lesbian or bisexual was still a very big deal, especially in Japan.

Nanako held Ann. Ann cried.

And then, Nanako had an idea.

Chapter End Notes

Okay. Let's talk about Ann.

I realize that this pairing choice isn't going to be particularly popular among some
people, and that's okay. There are plenty of people that ship Ann and Shiho, but there's
also obviously a lot of support for Ann and Joker and Ann and Ryuji (and I think a
smaller subpopulation of Ann and Yusuke shippers).

When I play a Persona game the first time, I let myself just romance whoever I feel for
without really taking into consideration whether it would be the best "canon" choice or
if it would make sense for the protagonist, etc. i just pick who I like, and then think
about the canon aspect of it in subsequent playthroughs.

When I played Persona 5 the first time, I was POSITIVE that I was going to pick
Ann...but by the time her social link was over, I wasn't into it. There was just something
about the interactions that didn't feel particularly romantic. I actually ended up with
Kawakami, which is probably a whole other essay.

Anyway, when I played the second time, I did the "harem route" so I could see as many
social link things as I could, but when it was time to pick all the dates, I always picked
Ann, because i wanted to see what it would have been like had I followed through on
that in the first game.

This is the first time I really felt like Ann x Shiho might be a pretty good pairing,
because on LITERALLY EVERY DATE you go on, Ann is talking about Shiho. She's



talking about Shiho pretty much any chance you get, but I think the worst is in Hawaii.
You're sitting at the beach, looking at the sunset, and what does Ann say?

"I told Shiho I wasn't into this mushy romantic stuff, but maybe i am after all" or
something like that.

And then what happens that night? When she has to sleep in your room, she lies around
and mopes that Shiho isn't there with her.

We were literally on a date, Ann! In HAWAII!

In fact the only time it felt like Joker and Ann were a real couple was in the Christmas
Eve confrontation, where she gets mad that Joker didn't tell her about having to go to
jail.

On top of that, I always found that Ann's "sexiness" was a bit oddly executed. After all,
she's a model, so she's fine with posing in front of other people, and yet any time she got
attention for her body (except the one time she made fun of Ryuji at the beach) she isn't
particularly proud of it, she's tends to actually get uncomfortable with people staring at
her - though in particular, she gets uncomfortable with GUYS staring at her. So one
interpretation could be that she's uncomfortable because she has no attraction to guys
and finds their attention gross.

Of course, this could all be interpreted other ways - Shiho could just be her best friend
and she legitimately was sad she wasn't on the Hawaii trip. And YouTuber LadyVirgilia
made a video about Ann that put her discomfort about Ann's attention in a different light
that works too: Ann lives in a contradictory space where her personal life she is shunned
for being different looking (half white in a culture where being half is considered gross
and lesser) and yet it is the reason she is praised professionally. She wants to fit in, but is
always standing out. She also feels that her looks isn't something that she earned, so she
wants value for being a hard worker and make hard choices (which is why her social
link arc with Mika helps her understand that modelling CAN be hard work and a hard
choice, which helps Ann appreciate it and embrace it.)

Also, there's the trauma from Kamoshida, since it was her looks that brought so much
negative attention to her, and ultimately was part of why Shiho was hurt.

Interestingly, I have been really loving Ann in Persona 5 Strikers so far, and I think
they're leaning in the writing a lot more heavily on the idea that Ann is "canon
girlfriend." She's the one most passionate about protecting Joker. But she's also
GROWN so much as a person, and it's just nice to see her so happy and satisfied in P5S.

Anyway, if you don't ship this, I totally get it. Other pairings are legitimate! (Heck,
Ann's VA ships her with Ryuji). But I hope this explains why I went with this direction
for Ann.

Thanks for reading, as always!



Chapter 190: 5/23 Evening
Chapter Summary

Nanako calls reinforcements.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

NANAKO: I have a friend who's having a super hard time and I don't know what to do!

MOM: Are you able to give advice or a listening ear about it?

NANAKO: Yes, I did that already, and I called someone who can help even more. But she
still seems really upset .

MOM: Upset how?

Nanako looked up from her phone to Ann. Though her crying had subsided, Ann hadn't quite
bounced back yet. She still sat on her couch, hunched over with her chin resting on her hands,
staring at the wall. The TV wasn't even on. She just sat there, overwhelmed.

NANAKO: It's like she's numb.

MOM: Feed her.

NANAKO: Ah! Thanks!

Nanako thought about asking Ann if it was all right to go through her kitchen, but somehow
she doubted that she'd even answer. Ann did glance at Nanako when she opened the
refrigerator, but went back to staring a moment later. There wasn't a lot to work with, but
Nanako thought she could at least make a few onigiri. She put the rice in the rice maker and
started chopping.

Pi pi pi

Nanako didn't even check her phone, she knew who it was. She rushed over to the door and
swung it open.

"Thank you! Thank you thank you!"

"Whoah, easy," Kanji said, returning Nanako's hug. "You're going to make me drop the
bag..."

Kanji held up a small canvas tote bag that was hanging in his right hand. Nanako recognized
the bag immediately as one of the re-usable grocery bags that her mom used back home.
Nanako took it and peeked inside.

Coffee! Bags of coffee!



And a bunch of other small sundries that mom had put together for her little Inaba care
package. But more importantly, there was a jar of umeboshi and a package of Nanako's
favorite nori, both critical for making the highest quality of Dojima-Style Onigiri.

Nanako dug out her phone and sent one last text.

NANAKO: You're the greatest mother of all time.

Kanji stood at the edge of the living room, looking at Ann.

"Hey uh, pardon my intrusion," he said. "My name is Kanji Tatsumi. I'm Nanako's friend. She
called me because she thought you might need someone to talk to."

"It's-" Ann's voice cracked. Nanako immediately rushed to the kitchen, got a glass of water,
and handed it to her. Ann drank then cleared her throat. "It's nice to meet you. I'm Ann
Takamaki...I'm sorry you came all the way here, I'm fine now. I'm not going to...hurt myself
or anything like that."

"Huh? Wait, why do you think I'm here?" Kanji asked.

"I uh...well, I thought maybe Nanako was worried that I might do something dangerous?"
Ann said. Nanako gaped.

"What!? No! That's not what I thought!"

Kanji smirked. "Guess you should've been clear why you were calling people, Nana-chan.
Anyway, I'm not a therapist or a social worker or anything. I'm just super gay."

"W-what?" Ann said, surprised.

"Well. Bi, I guess. I don't spend alotta time labelin' it, to be honest. Do you mind if I sit
down?"

"Sure," Ann said.

Kanji sat in a couch to Ann's right side. Nanako continued work on the onigiri, keeping one
ear on the conversation.

"Nanako didn't tell me a whole lot about what's going on with you, other than that you're in
love with someone and you're feeling torn up about it. It's not really my business, so if you
don't wanna say anything about it to me, I get it. I'm just a strange dude that showed up. But I
wanna say a few things to you, if you don't mind. If this gets too weird or uncomfortable, just
say so, all right?"

"Okay," Ann said, nodding.

"Goes for you too, Nanako. You know Takamaki-san better than I do, so if I'm gettin' too
awkward, you tell me bug off."

"Yes, of course," Nanako said.



"I was about your age when I started trying to figure out my sexuality. It was wrapped up in a
lot of other issues, too. My identity, my relationship to my family, my relationship to
masculinity...I was a really confused kid. Even when I stared the darkest part of myself in the
face, there was still part of me that wasn't really ready to grasp the whole truth, though I think
part of that was just maturity."

Kanji crossed his arms and shut his eyes in concentration.

"When you can finally admit to yourself that you might be attracted to the same sex, it's like
staring at...like a shadow of yourself."

Both Nanako and Ann looked at Kanji abruptly.

"You might be tempted to tell yourself that it's not you, that you'll deny it. But that can bring
a lot of pain. Yeah, we live in a shitty society that still looks down on people for who they
love, and that can bring its own pain. But the pain you can bring down on yourself is a lot
worse than anything someone can do to you. At least, that's how it felt to me."

"I..." Ann started. "I don't know if I'm a...you know..."

"Lesbian?" Kanji asked.

"Y-yeah. A lesbian. I don't know if that's what I am or not...I just know that i love Shiho with
an intensity I've never felt for anyone else. I want to be with her all the time, I want to talk to
her, I want to...hold her and...you know..."

"Hey, that's fine," Kanji said. "Like I said, I don't like to label myself. Some people do, they
like the power that comes with the identity. There's no right or wrong way to be gay or
lesbian or queer or whatever, just like there's no right way to be straight or to be completely
asexual. You have to figure out what works best for you. And I know that sounds easy, but it
ain't. Confronting your true self can be the hardest thing you ever do."

"There's part of me that hates it," Ann said. "I'm already a hafu, I already stand out all the
time...and now to have this on me..."

"I know what you mean," Kanji said. "I feel the same way, even today. I doubt I'll ever stop
feelin' like that. But what's the other option? Live a borin' life? Hell no, not for me."

"Not for me, either," Ann said, sitting up straighter than she had before, her fists clenched.
"I...I wouldn't want to live if I could live without loving Shiho. And even if she doesn't feel
the same way about me, I..."

"Don't let that get in the way of accepting who you are," Kanji said. "We can't control how
another person feels, straight or gay."

"Yeah. Yeah, you're right. I...I love Shiho."

Ann stood up.

"I love Shiho Suzui!"



Ann's shout made Nanako jump. Ann took a deep breath and it looked like a massive weight
slipped from her shoulders as she breathed out. Then she looked embarrassed.

"That was...that was a little too far, wasn't it?"

Nanako just laughed.

Nanako finished the Dojima Special Onigiri and the three of them ate together. Kanji and
Ann swapped stories of their YouTube career and modeling respectively. After he finished
his, Kanji excused himself to leave. Nanako followed him to the door.

"Thanks so much...I know that was probably the most awkward thing to do..." Nanako said.

"Nah, I love helping people, you know that."

"I know, but it was like...Ann had a gay problem, so I was calling a gay person to help...I
don't know, was that wrong? Am I being bigoted by assuming gay problems are different than
straight problems?"

"Well, some gay problems are different than straight problems...but don't worry about it.
Even if this had been an awkward mess, your heart is in the right place. Your friend was
hurting, you tried your best to help her."

"Thanks, Kanji."

"Anything for you, Nanako-chan," he said. "Kay, I gotta run. Say bye to your big bro for me."

"I will."

Kanji left and Nanako glanced at the time. It was getting pretty late, and Ann looked drained.

"Thanks for cooking...I feel a lot better. And thanks for bringing Tatsumi-san over. He helped
a lot."

"I'm glad you're feeling better about things."

"Yeah...but there's still a lot to figure out."

"And your friends will be there every step of the way," Nanako said, determined.

"Yeah. I'm really glad you're my friend, Nanako...but um...about the guys..."

"I won't tell them anything until you do, I promise."

"Thanks."

They hugged. Despite how emotional and draining the evening had been, Nanako's heart had
never felt so full. She was so happy that she was able to be there for Ann, and so happy that
she had a friend like her. A true friend.

Pi pi pi



Ann picked up her phone. "It's Shiho."

"I'll leave you to it, then," Nanako said with a wink.

"Hey, it's not like that!"

"The best part of this is I can tease you about it now," Nanako said. "Finally some revenge for
all those Ren teases."

"Uh huh. And where you are running off to right now, hm? Going to send him a good night
text?"

"I...no! I wasn't going to do that at all!"

Nanako left.

Damnit, she really wanted to send Ren a good night text too...

--

SOCIAL LINK RANK UP 
The Star: Ann Takamaki 

Level 3

Chapter End Notes

Okay so first, thanks to all of your for your support of my pairing choice! I loved all of
your comments and I plan on replying to each of you very soon, but I was dying to get
this next chapter out so I put my spare energy into that first. But I read every one and I
thank you.

...so now let's talk about Kanji!

Man, I know this is super-hotly debated whether he's straight, gay, bi, or Naotosexual. I
know that the standard argument is "BUT IT SAID EXPLICITLY IN THE GAME
THAT HE'S NOT, HE'S JUST STRUGGLING WITH HIS MASCULINITY AND HIS
LOVE OF GIRLY THINGS."

And fine, if you feel that way, I suppose that's fair. However, you gotta look at the
cultural context of some of these things. Homosexuality isn't that widely accepted in
Japan outside of yaoi/yuri media. And that's TODAY. Remember, Persona 4 came out in
2008, which is 13 years ago.

On top of that, having non-straight characters in any media is always a financial risk,
because there's still a portion of the population that will rail against it, and companies in
general are risk-adverse.



I of course don't know what the writers of Persona 4 were thinking, I only have my
perspective. But, if they really wanted to have an issue with Kanji about "being manly"
there are other ways to portray that. Why talk about a struggle of being gay in a game
that is very much focused on confronting your "true self" if you didn't actually want to
tackle that issue? My guess is that they were tackling the issue but in a way that let them
weasel their way out of it if their customer base didn't want it.

So I like the way I put him. I think it helps him be this suddenly very mentorish
character that I wasn't expecting out of him.



Chapter 191: 5/24 Night
Chapter Summary

Nanako's temptations

Nanako lay on the couch with half of her body draped over the edge. Her hair was no longer
in twin tails, but instead tangled in a big mess. She was so tired from her day that even
though she longed for her bed, she couldn't find the energy to get up and go to it.

Tanaka's shopping show was on the TV.

"I'm too spent to be tempted by your wares tonight, Tanaka," she mumbled into the cushion.

"Our last item is this pair of ultra stylish, extra light, super durable pair of Adios shoes!"

They were green and would match her current Phantom Thief outfit perfectly.

"Damn you, Tanaka," she said, picking up her phone.



Chapter 192: 5/24 - Afternoon
Chapter Summary

Magician Magician

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

The hardest part of Yosuke's secret assignment was finding reasons to go into the teacher's
office.

As PE teacher, his work space was actually down in the athletics office in the club building -
Kamoshida's old office. One of the first things Naoto and Yu asked him to do was to check
the office for any clues. Of course, the police had already gone through all of it thoroughly,
so that had been a dead end.

Then, he was supposed to figure out if these "Phantom Thieves" were real or just a prank.

On the one hand, if someone had blackmail knowledge to use on Kamoshida, it would more
than likely be a teacher. Yosuke figured that the only person that would feel safe enough to do
something like that would be a teacher. Plus, they had access to the school during the hours
that students wouldn't.

On the other hand, the way the "calling card" was made was definitely student-like, in its
word choice and phrasing.

But, Yosuke had seen enough student work himself that he felt like he could write something
like a student, if he wanted people to be thrown off the trail. Besides, how would a high
school student have that much power over someone like Kamoshida?

But that was the detail that bugged him. He knew firsthand that there were ways high
schoolers could make a big difference.

But that couldn't happen twice.

Could it?

And the fact that Nanako was going to the same school...that was coincidence.

Right?

He'd been observing Nanako, Amamiya, Sakamoto and Takamaki whenever he could, but
they didn't seem to be doing anything out of the ordinary. They were friends, that much he



could tell, but they did what anyone else did - ate lunch together, chatted, showed each other
memes on their phones.

Had he and the Investigation Team just looked like regular kids when they were having their
meetings in the Junes food court, though?

No, no, that couldn't be it. There was no way back into the Midnight Channel. They'd tried.

A lot.

Without Teddie, it was impossible.

Yosuke stood awkwardly by the copy machine, waiting for a teacher to enter. Right now, the
teachers were the best lead he had, so he had to watch them carefully and get to know them.

Even though...well, really, did any of them seem like a phantom thief? They were all
so...weird. Was that a facade? Or was he totally off base?

"Gah, this is stupid," he said to himself. Waiting around for a teacher to show up so he could
make pointless small talk was a waste of time, he should...

...he heard something.

It was a very soft rumbling noise. It was deep and resonant, like the great snorting of a
massive hog, but still surprisingly quiet for how resounding it was.

Was it...snoring?

Yosuke carefully walked along the room so he could see the other side of the teacher work
desks.

Slumped over was Kawakami, the Japanese teacher. Her arms dangled at her sides, her
weight seemed to be supported entirely by the side of her head on the top of the desk. Her
curly hair was clumped across her whole head, covering her face.

She snored again. Yosuke swore he saw some of the pencils shake in their holder.

"Uh....excuse me, Kawakami-sensei?"

Snore.

"Kawakami-sensei," Yosuke tried again, a little louder.

Snore.

He reached over a tapped her on the shoulder.

"Yes Master?!?!!"

"Jiraiya!"



On touching her shoulder, Kawakami had shot straight up in her seat and yelled. It had
startled Yosuke into leaping back and striking a fighting pose, which he dropped
immediately. Kawakami rubbed her eyes and looked around.

"What the...oh, Hanamura. What do you want?"

"You fell asleep at your desk," Yosuke pointed.

"I did? Oh. Thanks."

"Um, Kawakami-sensei...you have a little..." Yosuke pointed at his own cheek. She reached
up and rubbed her face, where there was a small streak of black marker from her mid-work
nap. She rubbed it, but it just made it worse.

"Did I get it?"

"Uh...no, you better go use a mirror."

"Damnit," she muttered, pushing herself up from the seat and stomping off towards the
faculty restrooms.

Yosuke stared in amazement at what just happened.

Then he laughed.

He left the lounge and headed back towards the athletic office. But he did start to wonder.

Why was Kawakami so tired all the time?

Was it because she spent her nights as a Phantom Thief?

Suddenly, Kawakami shot straight to the top of his list. He reached over to open the door of
his office, and was confronted with a man facing away from him, shuffling around through
the papers on Yosuke's desk.

"Can I help you with something?" Yosuke said sternly.

"Huh? Whoah, hey there bud, didn't see you." The man turned around. He was tall and
slender with a navy blue baseball cap settled backwards on his head. A ghost of a goatee
wisped from his chin.

"Is there a reason you're in my office?" Yosuke asked, not budging from his "teacher voice."

"Your office? Ohhhh, you must be the guy that replaced Kamoshida. I'm Junpei Iori, I'm an
assistant baseball coach."

"Really? You got anything to prove it?"

"Sure, gimme a sec," he said, wriggling around to find his wallet. He produced an ID card a
moment later. It was a Shujin walk-on coach identification card.



"This is from two years ago," Yosuke pointed out.

"Yeah, I kinda forgot to come to picture day. Kamoshida wasn't that big on rules, though. But
I guess you know that now, don't you?"

"You knew him?"

"Not really, other than to drop off paperwork now and again," Iori said. "I actually took last
year off from coaching at Shujin to be the athletic trainer for the Yakult Swallows."

"So...technically, you're not the assistant baseball coach."

"Hey, what's with the interrogation? I am! I put my paperwork in and everything last month!
Though...Kamoshida didn't put it through. That's why I'm here, I was hoping to find it laying
around somewhere so I didn't have to fill out the forms again."

"Well, sorry to say that the police took almost all of Kamoshida's files. I'll get you a new
application," Yosuke said, pushing past Iori to get into his own office. Iori finally took the
hint and stepped towards the door. Yosuke found the papers and handed it to him.

"Hey, thanks...uh...?"

"Hanamura," Yosuke said.

"Thanks, Hanamura-sensei. Sorry for the weird intro."

"Nah, it's all good," Yosuke said. He was being a bit paranoid, now that he thought about it.
Was he going to accuse Iori of being a Phantom Thief now too? He had to chill out.

"Listen, as a thank you for fixing my paperwork, why not have a free workout at my gym?"
Iori went back to his wallet and produced a small business card. One side said "valid, one
free workout session."

"Tartarus Gym," Yosuke read aloud. It was kind of a weird name. "Okay, maybe I'll take you
up on that."

"Cool. Well, see ya."

Iori took his papers and let himself out. Yosuke slipped the card into his pocket. He probably
should work out more, now that he was the PE coach.

Plus...might help with his women problems.

Chapter End Notes

Yakult Swallows is my favorite Japanese baseball team name.






Chapter 193: 5/24 After School - Mementos
Chapter Summary

Nanako practices.

"Angel, Skull," Joker said in a low voice. "On my mark...now!"

Both Nanako and Skull took off at a dead sprint towards the blind corner in Mementos. Joker
was leaning against the corner, one eye peering around. He dropped into a low stance and
drew his knife, waiting for his teammates to sprint past him. Just as Nanako and Skull hit the
corner, two of the massive coagulations of shadows came lumbering around the corner.

Skull found his stride and aimed his feet at the legs and chest of the shadow, turning his sprint
upwards as he literally ran up the face of the shadow.

Nanako's positioning wasn't as good - her shadow was on the far end, which meant her
shadow had a moment to see her coming and raise its arms in preparation.

So Nanako dropped into a baseball slide, gliding underneath the two legs. This cost her a lot
of momentum, but she knew that if she could just believe she could jump high enough, the
Metaverse would take care of the rest.

She crouched low and sprung upwards, vaulting herself onto the back of the shadow's
shoulders.

Skull, as he ran up, hooked his hand underneath the chin of the mask and pulled it off.
Nanako climbed over the top of her shadow and gripped the mask by the left side of its face
and ripped it off.

Both began to melt and began their transformation, but Panther, Mona, and Joker came from
around the corner and unleashed with their guns. The shadows weren't able to reform in time
and both turned into formless puddles.

Nanako and Skull landed.

"Looking cool, Angel. You too, Skull," Mona said, sliding his slingshot away.

"We're getting better at that move," Panther noted. "It'll be good not to have to rely on Joker
to pull every mask."

"It's critical we all learn to unmask them," Joker said, repeating what he said when they
began the day's training. "Every ambush, every elemental advantage, every dirty trick we
have, we have to use it. The palace guards are endless, we can't grind our way through each



sortie, but also can't rely fully on stealth either. Taking out shadows quickly will be the best
way to success."

"We need to keep strengthening our Personas, too," Nanako pointed out.

"Mine has felt a lot stronger lately," Skull said. "Guess all this training is paying off."

Mona jumped into the air and poofed into the Mona Car. They climbed in and began the
droning drive.

"Hey, I forgot to ask earlier, where are with Kitagawa-kun?" Nanako asked.

"I texted him earlier. He said I can come by tomorrow and model for him."

"Just you?" Nanako asked.

"Well...he didn't get along so great with everyone so I thought it might be safer if we sprung
it on him?"

"A good idea," Joker said. "If he really wants to paint you, he'll have to agree to all of us
being there."

"And do you think we'll get him to admit to more of the truth?" Nanako asked.

"We already decided to go in, so it's not like we need him to," Skull pointed out.

"True. But, every piece of information we can get is important. Who knows how many other
cognitive blocks he has inside the palace. The more we know about him, the better," Joker
said.

"What about the cognitive block we already encountered?"

"We already thought of that one," Mona said through the speakers of the car. "I'll scout out
the rest of the house while you guys are with Kitagawa. That door in the Metaverse looked
really distinctive, so there's gotta be something similar on the inside."

"Hm, guess it pays to have a talking cat on the team," Skull said.

"I am not a cat!"



Chapter 194: 5/24 - Evening
Chapter Summary

Persona 4 Best Girl

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

"So I mean living in the city has gotta be kinda weird, huh?" Ryuji asked as he slurped on his
soda. He, Nanako, and Ren were wandering aimlessly up and down Central Street, killing
time. Ann had been tired out from their Mementos journey, but Nanako had felt restless.
Wasting time seemed to be the best thing to do to get that feeling out of her.

"It's been a slight adjustment, I have to admit," Nanako said. "But I like it. It's so exciting and
busy. But I like Inaba too...it's weird. I feel like my heart is split in two. I wish they could
exist at the same time in the same place."

"You feel that way too?" Ryuji asked Ren.

"Nope."

Nanako wasn't sure why, but that hurt her a little.

"Haha, I don't blame you. I mean, you can get anything in the city with just a few taps on
your phone! You can't get that kind of service out in the sticks, I bet."

"What do you mean?" Nanako asked.

"Well like, there's an app for everything on delivery these days. If you wanted to order a Big
Bang Burger and wanted it waiting for you at the station, you could do it. Guessing you can't
do that at your local tofu shop or whatever," Ryuji said.

"We have delivery in Inaba," Nanako said, rolling her eyes.

"Yeah, but to that level of...uh...Ren?"

Nanako stopped and turned around. She hadn't noticed, but Ren had stopped a few paces
back, leaving her and Ryuji standing ahead of them. Morgana poked himself out of the bag.

"What are you doing..." he asked.

Ren took off his glasses.

"Inaba has excellent delivery and I will prove it!"



"Wait, what the hell are you talking about-" Ryuji was cut off as Ren dramatically snapped
his phone into his hand.

"Yes, I want to order three nikudon, please!"

"Wait, Ren are you-" Nanako started, but was cut off when he shoved his phone into his
pocket and rushed forward, grabbing both her hand and Ryuji's.

"What's going onnnnnnn!" Ryuji yelled as he was dragged down the street.

"I'm proving a point!" Ren yelled.

"What point!? You didn't even tell them where you are!? Who did you order from!? How
does this have to do anything with Inaba?!"

Ren didn't answer. He just kept running, turning this way and that, up and down small alleys
and back along the main thoroughfares.

"I don't even know where we are anymore!" Ryuji yelled.

"That's the point! I need you to see that it isn't a trick! There's no app, no geomarking, no pre-
arranged spot, we're just running around randomly!"

"Yeah!? Nanako, did he lose his mind!?" Ryuji cried.

Ren stopped and gripped onto Nanako and Ryuji's hands to stop them mid-run just as a
moped came to a screeching halt in front of them. The rider pulled her helmet off her head,
revealing a short blue hair cut and a cute, sincere, but serious face.

"Three orders of nikudon comes out to 2400 yen."

Ren flashed out his wallet and produced the cash. The woman counted it, nodded and slipped
it into her apron.

"Wait! What's going on!? Who are you!?" Ryuji demanded.

"Just the delivery girl for Aiya's Nikudon in Inaba. Here, have a business card."

She handed him a card.

"Wait, this isn't a chain? There's only one store in Inaba?"

"Yeah, it's a family business. Anyway, I need to get going. Just leave the bowls when you're
done."

She kick started the moped and zipped into Shibuya traffic.

"Leave them where!?" Ryuji yelled.

Nanako opened her chopsticks.



"Itadakimasu," she said, grinning over at Ren.

Maybe he had a little Inaba pride in him after all.

Ryuji had a headache while he ate his nikudon.

Chapter End Notes

If you have no idea what I'm referencing, please enjoy:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j6BGEcULuiE



Chapter 195: 5/25 Early Morning
Chapter Summary

Reading

Nanako managed to find a seat on the train!

Having remembered how much she enjoyed reading before, Nanako had grabbed another
book off of big bro's shelf and stuck it in her school bag a few days ago. Now seemed an
ideal time to get a little reading done, so she pulled it out.

"The Lovely Man...?"

She read the description: The Man's Life Series, Vol. 1. Learn to appreciate the beauty that is
being a man in the modern age.

This...didn't seem like it would be that useful to her but...there wasn't anything else to do so...

She read.

There were still a few pages left, but it felt like her guts would improve.

And maybe her courage?

Why was she reading this...



Chapter 196: 5/25 - After School
Chapter Summary

Nude.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

"Hello, Takamaki-san...and...others..."

Kitagawa's enthusiasm waned rapidly as he took in the sight of Ren, Ryuji, and Nanako
standing behind Ann.

"Is something wrong?" Ryuji asked, not trying to hide his sarcasm.

"I didn't know the rest of you would be tagging along," Kitagawa said curtly.

"Did you really think we'd leave her alone with you?" Ryuji followed up.

"I hope you don't mind," Ann added, sweetly. Kitagawa's irritation was evident, but he
nodded.

"That should be fine, so long as they're quiet."

They walked into Madarame's shack.

It was pretty dingy inside, Nanako had to admit. Kitagawa's room looked more like a studio
than anything else - mostly paint and drawing supplies. She supposed there was probably a
Japanese futon stored in the closet for sleeping. There was a large canvas set up beside a
stool, as well as a smaller sketch pad on a second easel. Ann went to set on the stool, while
Ryuji and Nanako went inside.

Ren lingered so that Morgana could leap out of the bag and explore the house.

There were a couple of extra chairs in the room, so Ren crouched in the corner. Ann and
Kitagawa discussed a few poses, settling on Ann crossing her legs and draping her head
across one hand. It was quite beautiful to see her perched there on the stool - there was a
"model aura" about her when she went to work like this that Nanako didn't usually see.

Ryuji sighed a lot and played on his phone. Ren worked on his phone quietly.

Nanako read some more of "The Lovely Man" but felt awkward about it after a few minutes.

Kitagawa sketched. And sketched. And sketched.



The intensity with which Kitagawa worked was captivating. His eyes were thoroughly
inspecting Ann, focusing on details that Nanako couldn't see. His hand moved with practiced
precision. There was a fiery, passionate determination in his gaze.

But there was also frustration, as if something was always just out of reach.

Nanako could see the sketch. It was impressive, capturing nuanced little details of Ann's face
and pose that Nanako didn't even realize was there.

And then suddenly, he struck through it with his pencil.

Wordlessly, Kitagawa flipped the page on his sketchbook and started over.

Ryuji sighed.

Ren tapped on his phone.

Nanako watched.

Kitagawa flipped another page.

Then another.

Then he sighed and folded over onto his knees.

"I'm sorry...I'm having trouble concentrating today. We'll have to resume this another time,"
Kitagawa said matter-of-factly. Ann stood up and stretched but Ryuji was on his feet.

"What the hell, seriously!? We've been here for hours! That looks pretty good, ain't that
enough?"

It was Kitagawa's turn to get irritated and rise to his feet. "No, it's not good enough. It must
be perfect, it must capture what I see, not just with my eyes but with my heart. To turn in
anything less would be a disservice."

"To Madarame?" Ren said.

His voice cut through the moment like a knife, deflating the rising irritation.

"Yes, my sensei deserves to have a student who produces excellent work."

"But it would also not be good enough to submit as your next piece on his behalf, right?" Ren
pushed. Kitagawa narrowed his eyes.

"This again? The accusations of plagiarism?"

"That one painting, of the sunset...that was yours, right?" Nanako added.

"I..." Kitagawa quickly looked away.

"I knew it!" Ann added.



"Then it's all true, ain't it? The plagiarism, the abuse?"

"That indeed was my painting. But it is not plagiarism," Kitagawa insisted. He seemed to find
new courage in his words. "I gave him that painting to be used. Sensei has been suffering
from a crippling art block since the day his Sayuri was stolen, and in order to repay him for
everything he's done for me, I give him my work to display."

"That's so wrong," Nanako said.

"Wrong? Do you not have parents? Would you not do everything you could to repay them for
caring for you, training you, securing your future?"

"Mine would never ask anything like that of me," Nanako said, the image of her father filling
her mind. "And neither should yours. If your sensei is like your father, then he should treat
you as such."

"You don't understand. You're ignorant of the art world and its complexities. One day he will
give me my moment to shine, one day I will ascend and take his place at his side," Kitagawa
declared.

"Come on man, you can't be serious! He's using you, just like he used all the other pupils!
Don't you see that you're the only one left!? Where are the others now, huh?"

"They couldn't handle it."

"Bullshit," Ryuji spat. Ren reached out and put hand on Ryuji's shoulder to calm him down.

"Sometimes we tell ourselves lies so we don't feel trapped," Ren said. "Are you telling
yourself a lie right now, Kitagawa? Do you yearn to escape, but don't see a way out?"

"You're all be preposterous. I will not endure any more of this, and I won't have you
threatening my sensei with what you know. You leave me no choice."

Kitagawa rose and drew a slim blue phone from his pocket. "I'm calling the police."

"What!?" Ann yelled. "But you invited us here!"

"I invited you here. Not the others. I'll have the police cite you for public nuisance and
harassment. And once my sensei adds the weight of his word to the accusations, there will be
nothing you can do."

Nanako felt a surging panic in her chest, looking over at Ren. They all knew it - if Ren got
into legal trouble while he was already on probation, then they'd lock him up.

"Why don't we all just take a second to calm down," Ann suggested. "Getting the police
would be complicated for you too wouldn't it?"

Kitagawa thought about this for a moment.



"I have one condition. I want Takamaki-san to continue to be my model. To be honest it
would be inconvenient for me if I don't finish a new work soon."

"That's it? I model and you won't call the police?"

"That, and I don't want to see any of these three ever again," Kitagawa said. "If I do, it'll be
trespassing."

"Like hell we're gonna-"

"Okay," Ann said, cutting Ryuji off. "Okay. That's fine."

"Yes...yes this is excellent," Kitagawa said, clenching his fists. "I have to admit I was being
modest before for your sake but...if I have your agreement, then I can pursue the truest
possible expression of beauty."

He raised his hands into the air triumphantly.

"I will create the greatest nude painting the world has ever seen!"

"What!?" Ann yelped.

"NUDE!?" Ryuji said, his cheeks turning red.

Ren adjusted his glasses.

"Yes! For you to bare all, Takamaki-san, will allow me to bare my artist's soul and-"

SLAP!

The slap was a little too hard, Nanako realized far too late. Instead of just stunning Kitagawa
where he stood, it actually sent him crashing to the floor, knocking over the easels, canvas,
and sketchbook and even bumping the shelves, shaking the paints.

"How dare you," Nanako said, her voice ice. "How dare you try to blackmail her into such a
thing. You have no idea what she's already been through, and if you think I'm going to let you
take advantage of her kindness and loyalty to her friends, you're damn wrong."

"Nanako-" Ann tried to interrupt, but Nanako kept going.

"Ren is right. You're lying to yourself. You know what's going on is wrong, but you endure it
anyway. We felt bad for you, Kitagawa, but maybe we were wrong. Maybe he really is your
sensei. After all, here you are, using a little bit of power for your own perverted gains, just
like he would."

"P-perverted? Wait, that is absolutely not what-"

Nanako stomped on the floor.

"You want to call the cops on someone? Call them on me for assault."



Kitagawa sat up on the floor, rubbing his cheek. It was already red and starting to swell. He
looked at the floor.

"You should all leave," he said quietly.

"I-" Nanako started, but a hand caught her shoulder. It was Ren, gently pulling on her.

"You can be better," Nanako shot over her shoulder as Ren led her from the room.

Alone, Kitagawa rubbed his cheek.

Chapter End Notes

It always bugged me that nobody called Yusuke out on that after all that Ann went
through with Kamoshida.



Chapter 197: 5/25 - After School
Chapter Summary

Regret

Nanako stared at her hand.

It throbbed. It was as bright red as Kitagawa's cheek, she supposed. She wondered if it would
bruise.

She sat on the bench at the station. Ren and Ann were nearby, listening to Morgana give a
report of the interior of Madarame's house. Ryuji had gone to get drinks.

She was still furious. But she was also afraid. She had never hurt someone like that before -
not in reality. Was her casual use of violence in the Metaverse transferring over to the real
world? Was she changing?

And what if he called the police? She'd have to give herself up. She had broken the law by
hitting him, justified or not. She would have to be arrested and stand trial in a court of law.
This would be her father's worst nightmare. After all she had done to reassure him that she
would be fine in Tokyo, she had let him down after all-

"Nanako!"

She looked up. Apparently Ann had been trying to get her attention.

"Oh, sorry," she said. "Did I miss something?"

"Did you hear a word I said about Madarame's house?" Morgana asked, clearly annoyed.

"I...no. I'm sorry."

"It's fine, we'll handle it," Ren said. "Are you okay?"

"Yeah, you seem out of it," Ann added. "You're not still upset about Kitagawa, are you?"

"Well of course I am! But...I...maybe went a little too far."

"Maybe, yeah," Ann said. Nanako shot a look at her.

"Wait, what? You really think I went too far? I was defending you! For him to say that after
all you've been through..."



"He doesn't know anything about Kamoshida," Ann pointed out. "He didn't know how extra-
bad that would be to say to me."

"Well...still! He shouldn't be blackmailing people into those kinds of things!"

"Yeah, you're right," Ann said. "I guess I'm just used to it. I get asked some pretty risque
things as a model. That's honestly not the worst I've heard."

"Seriously!?" Nanako felt her anger rise again. But then she thought about some of the things
Rise said to her in the past - the idol industry had issues too. Rise had never been explicit
about some of the things she'd been through, but now Nanako wondered what exactly was
said. How much had Rise endured, too?

"It doesn't make it right," Ann said. "But I guess I didn't feel as angry about it as you did. Oh,
but don't get me wrong! I'm so thankful for you for standing up for me! You're a true friend!"

"Ah, well...you would've done the same for me."

"Hey, I was gonna stand up for you too," Ryuji complained, his arms loaded with different
colored cans. "I was just shocked a moment."

"Uh huh. I bet you were," Ann said, sardonic.

"Hey, whatdya mean by that?"

"I saw your cheeks, I know what you were thinking about," Ann teased.

"H-hey, it's not like that. Ah, shut up and take a drink."

The Phantom Thieves each reached for a drink. Ann frowned.

"They're all carbonated again? When are you going to learn..."

"Damnit," Ryuji muttered.

"I don't think he's going to call the police," Ren said suddenly.

"What makes you think that?" Nanako asked, wanting desperately to believe him.

"The way Kitagawa looked when you finished confronting him...I think he understood he was
wrong. And even though he might be blindly following Madarame, I believe he's a good
person at heart. After all, part of why we started this was to save him, right?" Ren said.

Nanako thought about Kitagawa, kneeling on the floor. There was something that Nanako
might call shame in his expression.

"Yes...I still went too far."

"I don't think so. Not at all," Ren said.



She looked at his beautiful eyes through those fake lenses, getting lost in his long lashes for a
moment.

"Thanks for saying so."

Ryuji burped.

"Gross," Ann complained.

"Well, do we have a plan then?" Morgana asked.

"If that door is really the same as the one in the Metaverse, then all we need to do is be on the
other side of the door, correct? Once Madarame sees us there, his cognition will change," Ren
said.

"Yes...but it's not quite that easy. The way the palace is set up, there's a lot of security,
remember? I bet that you'll have to disable the security inside the palace at the same time,
otherwise Madarame will just lock door and his cognition will be the same."

"So we'll have to split up?" Ryuji asked.

"Yeah," Ren said.

"I don't like that," Nanako said. "It seems too risky."

"Well, we have a little time to think about the plan. We'll meet here at the hideout tomorrow,"
Morgana said.

The Phantom Thieves agreed and headed home.

--

SOCIAL LINK RANK UP 
The Star: Ann Takamaki 

Level 4



Chapter 198: 5/25 - Evening
Chapter Summary

He's the culprit, grab him.

"Thanks for coming on such short notice, Nanako-chan," Aki-san said. He was wearing a
very fancy formal black suit - but with a bright pink necktie in the shape of a flamingo.

"It's no trouble at all," Nanako said, and meant it. It might be a school night, but it was worth
being a little tired tomorrow to take the last minute work. Funds were running a little low
after her most recent purchase from Sano.

"I should be back around midnight. Mei-chan's bedtime is 8PM. Feel free to order whatever
you like for dinner. Goodbye, Mei!" Aki-san called into the living room.

Mei, for her part, sat on the couch reading a book. She glanced up at her father, then back
down to her book.

"Ah, such a ray of sunshine isn't she? Okay, see you."

Aki-san left. Mei read her book. Nanako took a deep breath and walked over to Mei.

"What're you reading?"

"The Remains of the Day," Mei replied. Nanako peeked at the cover, then over her shoulder.
Though the name on the cover was Japanese, the text was in English.

"You can read that well in English?"

"Yes. I prefer to read important books in their original language," she replied.

Ah. Hm. Okay. So not only was she deadly serious about piano, she was also incredibly
smart.

"Is it good?"

"It is interesting," she said.

Hm.

For a moment, Nanako wondered if she should just let Mei read her book, find her some
dinner, and then send her to bed. It'd be a ridiculous amount of money for practically no
work. But Nanako felt like that would be cheating. This little girl was so closed off to



everything, and she had such disdain for her father. If Nanako and Mei had been the same
age, the would've been so opposite, they would've canceled each other out if they touched.

But then, were they really that different? Her father was off working late and she was reading
a book. Nanako's father worked late and she watched TV. At least Mei had a babysitter.

Yes, that settled it. Nanako couldn't do the bare minimum, she had to try and make things
better!

"Say, did you want to watch more of Detective Loveline? I brought the last few DVDs."

Mei didn't say anything. She reached to turn the page, but hesitated.

"Those...weren't too bad..." Mei admitted.

"And you want some tsukemen from that place you like?"

"If you don't mind..." Mei said, her voice getting quieter and quieter with each answer.

"Not at all, it was delicious!" Nanako said, again telling the full truth. The tsukemen place
they ordered from was quite expensive, but Aki-san had a running account, so they could just
call and order.

"That doesn't sound too bad," Mei said.

"Then I'll get right to it."

They watched a few Detective Loveline episodes, ate, and then watched a few more.
Eventually, it was time for Mei to go to bed, which she did without any prompting - she
simply brushed her teeth, changed, and went in without so much as a 'good night.'

But Nanako was pretty sure she saw her smiling, a little. Maybe she was getting Mei to open
up a little.

"I didn't know Mei liked Detective Loveline."

The voice startled Nanako for a second. Noriyaki Yuzu, the newspaper club president at her
school and Mei's step sister, was standing in the living room watching the episode of
Detective Loveline on the massively large TV.

"I think I'm getting her into it, slowly," Nanako said. "Are you a fan?"

"I watched it a little when I was a kid," Noriyaki mentioned.

"I had a cape and dress and hat and magnifying glass," Nanako said, remembering those days
fondly.

"You had the magnifying glass!? I mean...uh..."



"Yeah! It said all the cool lines when you hit the button," Nanako said, clearing her throat to
do her best impression. "Stop or I'll pop a cap in ya."

"It...said that?"

"Yeah. Kinda weird, since I don't think it was ever in the show."

"Mm."

Noriyaki watched for a few more seconds.

"You wanna watch some more? I'm here until midnight," Nanako said.

"Uh, no, I have things I need to do." Noriyaki took off her glasses, rubbed them clean with
the hem of her shirt, then replaced them on her face.

"Hey, Noriyaki...we could be friends, you know. If you wanted."

Noriyaki stared at her for a moment, then wordlessly left to her own room. Nanako sighed
and jumped over the couch, crashing into the luxurious cushions.

Well. At least she could watch this giant TV.



Chapter 199: 5/25 - Midnight
Chapter Summary

12:00

"Come on, come on, come on..." Nanako muttered at her phone, tapping at the little icons to
try and get her character into position. But, another arrow stabbed it through the head, and
she lost her last life.

Nanako was contemplating whether or not she should try again when she heard the door
opening. She stood up an watched as Aki-san entered. Nanako glanced at her phone.

11:58.

"Ah, you're still awake. Thank you again for this, it was very short notice and I appreciate
your flexibility," Aki-san said.

"It was no trouble. We just watched some TV and had dinner and then she went to bed on
time."

11:59.

"TV? Really? Huh. Mei hardly ever watches TV. What'd you show her?"

"Oh, Detective Loveline," she said, feeling a little embarrassed. "It was one of my favorites
as a kid so I happened to have the DVDs."

"Mm. Well, I'm glad you got along. Let me get you some cash, just one second."

Nanako stood by the door and waited while Aki-san walked into another room. She stifled a
yawn and took one last look around the room to make sure she didn't forget anything.

12:00.

That's odd. She thought she had turned the TV off, but there it was flicked back on. And for
some reason the whole picture was staticy. Maybe she'd hit the wrong button on one of the
remotes - the thing was super complicated. The staticy image showed a large room with a
man running towards the camera.

"Here you go, and a little something extra included for your trouble."

"Oh, thank you so much Aki-san. Hope you have a good night," Nanako said.



Nanako stepped through the threshold of the door and turned around to give Aki-san one
final, polite bow.

Over his shoulder, Nanako could see the TV screen.

A man pounded on the screen, bright blue eyes wide in panic. There was no sound, but
Nanako knew what the man was mouthing.

*Nana-chan!*

"Good night, Nanako," Aki-san said, and closed the door.

Nanako stumbled backward and clutched her chest.

No.

No way.

That was impossible. Teddie was missing - he'd been gone for two years. Everyone looked
for him everywhere, and he was just...gone. And the more Nanako asked about him, the less
Yu would say because...well, she knew now. Because he thought that Teddie had entered the
Metaverse, and maybe decided to stay there. Margaret had told her that Teddie had once been
a Shadow, so big bro thought maybe that Teddie went home.

But he didn't.

He was stuck.

He needed help!

Nanako pounded on the door. Hurriedly, Aki-san opened it.

"Nanako, is something wrong?"

"I..." Nanako looked over at the TV screen.

It was blank.

"I'm sorry I thought I left my phone," Nanako said distantly.

"Ah well...it's in your hand, Nanako-chan."

Nanako looked at her hand.

"Oh. Indeed it is. I'm sorry."

"Let me call a ride for you," Aki-san said.

"No no, I'll be fine, I have someone coming to pick me up," Nanako insisted. "Good night."

Aki-san nodded again and shut the door.



Nanako ran.

She ran down the quiet affluent streets, desperately trying to find an answer.

Teddie was in the Metaverse but...where!? Where in the Metaverse!? A palace?! The TV
didn't show a palace, it was just a big blank room. Could she even find it?

She skid to a halt.

She didn't have the Metaverse app.

Her hands were shaking as she dialed. The phone rang twice.

"Hello...?"

"I need your help," Nanako said, trying to hold back tears. "Right now."

"I'm on my way," Ren said.



Chapter 200: 5/26 - After Midnight, Mementos
Chapter Summary

Clink clink.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Joker leaned hard on the wheel and the Mona Car skid.

"More of them!" Joker called. A line of shadows had appeared in the tunnel ahead of them,
blocking their way.

Nanako was already on the roof.

"Titan!"

The Strength Arcana Persona appeared, clad in Roman-style armor. He rushed forward and
crashed his sword hard into the head of the nearest Shadow, splitting open his skin and letting
the black ichor ooze from the wound. He turned and smashed the blade at the next shadow,
but it was already finished transforming into an Apsaras. The spritely Shadow pirouetted out
of the way and cast blasts of Bufu ice spells towards Titan - his weakness.

Nanako already had the Compendium out.

"There's too many, pull back!" Mona called.

Nanako focused on the Star Arcana. There was a Persona in there that she could just feel the
edges of in her mind - her increased bond with Ann was allowing her access to it...but it was
just barely out of reach. She wasn't strong enough to wield it...

"I'm coming for you Teddie!"

With a blood-curdling scream, Nanako forced the card out of the Compendium. Her head
screeched with a pain she'd never experienced before, and for a moment she thought she was
going to black out.

"KAIWAN! UNLEASH MAMUDO!"

The frightening visage on the star gnashed its teeth and let out a hollow scream. Swirls of
Cursed energy swarmed the area and drove itself into the mouths of the shadows - both
transformed and un-transformed. They inflated and puffed then burst into explosions of black
darkness.



Nanako fell forward, over the edge of Mona.

Joker caught her and landed on the ground in a crouch. Mona burst back into his monster cat
form, sword drawn.

"No more shadows for now," Mona reported. "But Angel...you really overdid it!"

"I'm fine..."

"No, you're not. Slow down. We've been at this for hours. You've attacked every Shadow
head on, and I'm pretty sure you're not strong enough to control the Persona you just
summoned. You keep this up, you're going to get hurt. Or worse."

"But..."

"Please, Nanako." Though it was Joker's face, it was Ren's voice, soft and concerned. Nanako
looked away from him, but nodded.

"Besides, this is the end," Mona said. "Look."

Joker helped Nanako get to her feet and they turned to look at what Mona was referring to -
another massive door in the middle of the what looked to be the subway terminal. They had
encountered one of these before, and it had only opened after Kamoshida's treasure had been
stolen.

Their current theory was that their ability to access the depths of Mementos was limited by
the public's cognition of the Phantom Thieves - the more "powerful" they seemed, the more
access they had, and to push on further, they would need to get more renown.

"Then maybe it's not that way. Maybe we go around, find another path through Mementos to
Teddie, there has to be a way there," Nanako insisted.

"I don't think so," Mona said. "I'm really sorry, Angel, it's just...Mementos changes and
moves. You know that. We can't keep riding around blindly, hoping that we'll run into him. I
thought maybe I'd be able to sense him down here or something but...I don't. I'm really sorry."

"What about the Metaverse app?" Joker said, reaching into his pocket to withdraw his phone.
"What if we treat it like we did with Nakonahara? If we target him, then the navigation will
let us use Mementos to locate him...or at least his Shadow."

"That might work. Give it a try," Mona said.

Nanako leaned over the phone, holding her breath.

"Teddie."

No candidates found.

Nanako felt her heart drop.



"Does he have a last name?" Joker asked. Nanako winced.

"Well...I don't think he was born with one, but he did make one, after a while."

"What is it?"

Nanako took a deep breath.

"Teddie Narudojihanasatoamatatsukujishirokuma."

Searching.

"What kind of a name is that!?" Mona asked, both impressed and confused.

No candidates found.

"No..." Nanako slumped to her knees. "No, this can't be...there has to be a way..."

"Hey," Ren knelt down beside her, taking her hands. "We'll figure it out, okay? Did he seem
like he was in immediate danger?"

"No...I don't think so. I think he was just trapped."

"Then we have time. There's...someone I can ask about it. And, maybe through stealing
Madarame's treasure, Mementos might expand and allow us better access."

"But what if-"

"No. We will find him, Nanako. I promise."

Nanako hadn't realized that he had slid his mask to his forehead, staring intently at him with
his gorgeous eyes. Nanako felt tears in hers, part from the disappointment, part from
exhaustion.

"Thank you."

"Guys! We have a problem! There's a real strong shadow heading-"

It rounded the corner and attacked without hesitation. It was a human figure with a bloodied
bag over its head and chains around its neck. Its long coat was stained with blood, and the
chains rattled with every step. In its hands were two long-barreled revolvers. It raised one and
fired.

"Izanagi!"

The Persona appeared to intercept the shot, but the blast cut straight through Izanagi,
smashing him into blue flame. The shot pressed on and struck Nanako in the shoulder. An
intense pain filled her head, removing every thought from her head that wasn't pure terror or
agony.

"Arsene, Eiha!"



"Zorro, Diarama!"

The pain washed away from Nanako immediately, Zorro's healing energy closing up the
wound on her shoulder and taking away all of the physical pain. Nanako sat up and watched
as Joker switched Personas, hurling tornadoes of fire from Hua Po.

The Shadow didn't even flinch.

Reaper came into her mind from the Compendium. And it was unbelievably strong.

"We have to get out of here!" Nanako said.

"Right, leave it to me!"

Mona transformed. Nanako leapt into the car and took the wheel, leaving the passenger door
open. She drew her gun and slammed on the accelerator. Nanako leaned her hand out the
window and fired again and again at the Reaper, though it seemed mostly unbothered by her
gunfire. Joker heard it, though, and fired off his grappling line to the side, which hooked
perfectly into the door. The Reaper aimed and fired, but Joker was already nothing but a
black streak. He landed in the passenger seat and shut the door behind him.

"Gun it, Morgana!"

Nanako held the wheel, knowing that her relationship with Ren would deepen soon.

Chapter End Notes

Hey, we did it! 200 chapters!

I'm so thankful for all of you that read and comment. It really makes all the effort worth
it...and wow, it's a lot of effort considering we're 200 in and like 1/4 of the way through
Madarame. Oh well! I'm very excited for the later portions of this story, I have some
awesome ideas and am really looking forward to writing them. I hope you'll stick
around!

Also, I know some of you were hyped to see how Mementos and the Metaverse and the
Midnight Channel were going to interact, but...

Patience is the means by which all is revealed.



Chapter 201: 5/26 - Morning
Chapter Summary

Lie in.

There was a knock on the door.

"Nanako? You okay?"

It was Rise. Nanako groaned and fumbled around for her phone. It was way past the time she
needed to get up to go to school.

"Just...feeling..."

"You know what? I'll call the school and tell them you're sick. Stay in bed," Rise said.

"No, it's okay-"

"I insist, everyone needs a mental health day. Sleep in."

She cracked the door open and peered in. Nanako already had her head under the covers.

"Hey, I'm also heading out of town for a few days on some work stuff. I'll see you when I get
back, okay?"

"Have a good trip," Nanako mumbled from underneath the covers.

Rise shut the door and Nanako fell back asleep.

Pi pi pi.

She groaned and grabbed her phone again. Despite it feeling like she had just fallen back to
sleep, it was already 10:30. Hours had vanished in the blink of an eye.

 

ANN: Hey, are you okay?

That was an odd question. Had Ren not told her?

 

NANAKO: Just feeling a bit tired today, so my big bro let me stay home and sleep in.
I'm fine.



ANN: Lucky! Well, hope you're feeling better. I'll bring you the homework later.

NANAKO: Hey, is Ren there?

ANN: Where? Here at school? Yeah, why?

NANAKO: No reason. Are we meeting today?

ANN: We were supposed to, but...

NANAKO: I'll be there.

She put her phone back down and decided to get up and use the bathroom and finally eat
something. She turned the TV on and started heating up some microwave pancakes and set
her kettle to boil the water.

An official announcement came today from the International Olympic Committee condemning
the actions of disgraced gold medalist and teacher Sugur Kamoshida. While many called for
Kamoshida's medal to be stripped, the Olympic Committee has stated that his actions as an
athlete at the time will hold, though they emphasized that they hope all future Olympians will
conduct themselves in a manner befitting the games and reiterated that they condemn
Kamoshida's actions.

The official trial date for Kamoshida-san has yet to be set, but there is still a lot of gossip
surrounding the investigation. Here to discuss it is everyone's favorite Detective Prince, Goro
Akechi!

Nanako finished her pour-over coffee and grabbed it, along with her pancakes and sat down
at the couch.

Akechi-kun, what do you think of the rumors that a true set of Phantom Thieves actually stole
the heart of Kamoshida, resulting his sudden confession?

Nanako was amazed to see Akechi on the screen. He was bright and chipper and smiley, just
as he had been in the train. And he was, admittedly, very cute.

Well, to be honest, I kind of hope that they're real.

Really, Akechi-kun? I find that surprising.

Don't get me wrong, I don't believe that they are. There's a part of me that still wishes Santa
Claus was real. But unfortunately, we know reality doesn't work that way.

Then do you have an explanation for the strange calling card?

Occam's Razor comes to mind - the simplest explanation is usually the correct one. Students
who were affected by Kamoshida-san put up the calling cards in hopes that someone would
investigate further. Kamoshida-san perhaps felt an incredible guilt at having this displayed
and decided to confess before he was caught.



So it was just a sudden burst of conscience?

It's hard to say for sure. It could also just be a coincidence, and that someone else was
pushing Kamoshida to reveal himself. After all, there was an incident at that school not too
long beforehand. It could be connected, couldn't it?

Ah, indeed. You're so very clever, Akechi-kun.

If only that cleverness would get me out of my exams!

The audience laughed. Nanako did too, to her surprise. She finished her coffee and pancakes
and decided to get dressed for the day, finally. She opted out of wearing her uniform, since it
would just cause trouble if she were caught walking around outside, so she went with a pair
of khaki shorts, a blue tank top, and a pink cardigan. Then she grabbed the Compendium.

There was someone she needed to see before she meet with the Phantom Thieves.



Chapter 202: 5/26 - Lunchtime
Chapter Summary

Shabu shabu.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Pi pi pi

Nanako was on the train when her phone went off. She looked at the message.

YU: You okay? Rise said you weren't feeling well.

NANAKO: Yes, I'm fine, just a little tired and Rise offered to call the school, so...

YU: Okay. Are you busy tonight? There's something I want to show you.

NANAKO: Sure, I'll meet you at home for dinner.

YU: Actually, meet me in Okachimachi station.

NANAKO: Okay.

Okachimachi? What was there? That was an odd request, but Nanako shrugged it off. She
would look it up on her phone later.

For now, she got off the train and looked at the central government buildings. In the center of
it all was the Diet building, the ruling tower of all of Tokyo. But nearby was the police
headquarters, which is where she was headed. She hadn't exactly called ahead to make sure
the person she wanted to see was there, but Nanako felt that if she was going to get an edge
on this encounter, she'd need to try and ambush her.

Nanako dialed.

"Nanako-chan, what's wrong?" Naoto asked.

"Oh, nothing's really wrong...I did want to talk to you, though. Are you busy?"

"Well...I suppose not really..."

"Great, did you want lunch? I'm outside the police headquarters."

"You...are? But this is a school day."



"I took the day off," Nanako said as casually as possible, as if it were something she did all
the time. There was a hesitation from Naoto.

"Okay...I'll meet you down there in a few minutes."

Nanako sat on a bench. While she waited, she tried to order everything in her mind about
what she knew.

In 2011, there were a series of strange murders in Inaba.

It seems that the murderer, Dad's old partner Adachi, used the Metaverse to commit the
crimes.

Somehow, big bro and his friends also had access to the Metaverse and tried to stop the
murders.

There were also kidnappings done by Namatame, who was being manipulated by Adachi.

Nanako was one of the kidnapped. Big bro came and saved her, along with his friends, who
are all Persona users. Big bro, however, was a Wild Card, like Ren.

Teddie used to be a Shadow, but through the adventures, became something else. Something
that wasn't human, nor shadow.

Then in 2019, Teddie disappeared, and despite the world's greatest detective being on the
case, he couldn't be found.

That left three distinct possibilities, as far as Nanako was concerned.

One: Teddie was dead. But, that didn't seem likely given what she saw in the TV.

Two: Teddie had been found by Naoto, but they weren't telling Nanako the truth.
Unfortunately, that wouldn't be the first time the group had hidden something from her.
Maybe Teddie just wanted a new life, or maybe he'd fallen in with some bad people, or
maybe there was some sort of friend drama that Nanako wasn't aware of. But again, why the
TV?

Three: Teddie was lost somewhere in the Metaverse. But, the Metaverse Navigator wasn't
able to locate him. Of course, if he wasn't doing anything evil or palace-worthy, maybe it
wouldn't? There were still too many questions behind the Metaverse Navigator and how it
worked.

This clarified the goal for Nanako. She had to find out one of two things from Naoto: either
that she had found him, and wasn't telling the truth, or that she hadn't found him.

True to her word, Naoto appeared a few minutes later. She had skipped her cap today, but still
wore a button down shirt and tie with suspenders and a pair of sunglasses for the mid-day
glare.

"What's the good place around here?" Nanako asked.



"There's a little spot not too far from here I enjoy. It's not exactly fancy, but it's a bit further
away from the major lunch rushes."

"Great!"

They walked a few blocks over to a Shabu Shabu place. Naoto told Nanako to order whatever
she wanted, and she did so. They brought the thin slices of meet and vegetables a few
minutes later and Nanako set to work at cooking it in the boiling broth.

"So...what is it you wanted to talk to me about?" Naoto asked.

"Where's Teddie?" Nanako asked, again as casually as she could. The more odd she acted
throughout this encounter, the less likely it was that Naoto would be able to intuit what was
really going through her head. It was the only thing Nanako could think of to put up as a
smokescreen against the Ace Detective. It might be enough to split her mind in two
directions, trying to figure out why she was acting so oddly while at the same time trying to
figure out why Nanako was asking these questions.

...unless, somehow they just ended up helping her figure out the whole thing...

"I told you I was close, but I don't know exactly. Why are you asking this all of a sudden,
Nanako?"

"I just miss him," she said, honestly. "And I was wondering with all the work you've been
doing in Tokyo lately if you were getting closer to finding him."

"Ah, I see. Well, you know that I'm here working on the mental shutdown cases, so there
hasn't been a lot of time to work on that..."

"But surely if he was just missing then your contacts in the police would have found
something by now, right? I mean, if he were just hiding from us...wait, did something
happen? Was there an argument I didn't know about?"

"Nanako..."

Naoto's voice was so deadly serious that Nanako lost her entire train of thought. Suddenly she
felt like she was six again.

"I think I may have made a mistake by telling you about your detective instincts," Naoto said.

"What do you mean?"

"I...mm..." Naoto seemed to be chewing on her words, struggling to find the right balance in
what she wanted to say. "Your instincts can serve you well, but I don't want you looking any
further into Teddie, okay? I told you I was close...that wasn't exactly the truth."

Naoto leaned closer.

"I found him. I just can't get to him. The people that have him are extremely dangerous,
Nanako. Promise me you won't pursue this line of inquiry any further. If something were to



happen to, you I..."

Nanako watched as Naoto fought to hold her composure. Despite all of the chaos in Naoto
and Yu's relationship, Nanako never stopped feeling like Naoto was family. And watching
Naoto struggle to keep her cool, Nanako knew that Naoto felt the same.

But what did Naoto mean by dangerous people? Enemies in the Metaverse, or reality?

"I promise," Nanako whispered. Naoto let out a breath of relief, but Nanako felt the guilt
settle into the bottom of her heart. Once again, she was lying to people she cared about.

"Thank you...now...how is your duel with the Student Council President going?"

"Oh, you know, I haven't really seen her in a bit. I guess something else must have caught her
attention."

"Must be difficult having that much responsibility at that age," Naoto remarked.

"You were the Detective Prince!"

"Yes, well...that was different."

Chapter End Notes

Hey, you should hangout with me on my Persona 5 Strikers stream, one of you came last
night and it was super fun to chat with Persona fans and long to eat all the food in the
game.

All that info is on my website, www.silzeromedia.com



Chapter 203: 5/26 - After School, Shujin Academy
Chapter Summary

Makoto

Makoto hung back by the corner and eyed the strange, tall man in the baseball cap.

She had the distinct impression that she'd seen him before, but she couldn't place a name to
the face. The other students didn't seem to pay him any mind, which she understood to some
degree. His presence was non-threatening, almost as if he was curious about the layout of the
school rather than walking towards any specific destintion.

Eventually he turned into one of the club rooms - specifically the room that had been
reserved for the Newspaper Club, until it lost nearly all of its members that year. At the time,
the Student Council had decided to take the room away and assign it to a larger group, but as
it turned out, no other group had come forward to request it, leaving it empty.

Makoto made a mental note to correct that oversight. Perhaps Yuzu Noriyaki wouldh ave a
better chance of recruiting members if she had a real room to offer them.

Makoto took a few strides forward and listened at the edge of the door. To her surprise, she
heard voices.

Makoto opened the door, brazenly.

"Excuse me, but if you're going to be on campus, I'm going to have to insist that you-...oh."

"Ah, Niijima, sorry," Lieutenant Sanada said. "Would you mind closing the door?"

Makoto slid the door shut behind her. "I thought our meeting wasn't for another half hour?"

"It isn't. This is a friend of mine," Lieutenant Sanada said, gesturing towards the tall man in
the baseball cap. "He's an assistant baseball coach here. He's working on the same thing we
are."

"Junpei Iori, nice to meet you."

"I'm Makoto Niijima, the Student Council President."

"Student Pres, eh? I uh...don't have a great track record with those..."

"Focus, Junpei," Sanada said. "I had hoped to prevent the two of you from knowing about
each other, but I guess it can't be helped. We might as well share what we've learned."



"Right. Well. Not a lot," Iori started, frowning. "It's been kinda a pain to get my paperwork
back in order and reconnecting with the students after a year off. But, the few that I've
managed to talk to confirmed pretty much what you said - that a couple of guys from the
team were suckered into an "easy job" that paid a bunch of money, but that when they tried to
back out, they made up some sort of blackmail material. Now they're stuck and don't know
what to do."

"We got similar reports and requests for help," Makoto added. "But...the details are all very
scant. Nobody will name any names."

"Mine either. I think they're scared," Iori said. Sanada held his chin and thought.

"I see...well, until we get a name, there isn't a lot we can do. Chasing after rumors is what
Kaneshiro does best. Keep at it. Get me a name."

"What if we created a name?" Makoto asked. Her heart started racing while at the same time
filling with a tremendous sense of guilt. She had this idea for a while now, but she knew it
was foolish, dangerous, and probably illegal. But the idea of acting on it, she admitted,
thrilled her.

"What do you mean?" Sanada asked.

"I could let myself be caught in the scheme. Then we would have an inside operator."

"No, absolutely not. Kaneshiro is extremely dangerous. I can't trust anyone - not even the
other members of the police. There's already been a few reports of students who have gone
missing in order to repay their debts. I won't put you in that position."

"I understand," Makoto said, holding her cool composure and pressing down her frustration
at the same time. It was dangerous, yes, but didn't something need to be risked in order to
pursue true justice?

"Just keep working on getting me a name. Once we get that, we can make a real move.
And...again, thank you both for this. If either of you want out..."

"No. I'll keep working to help our students," Makoto said.

"Thank you, Niijima."

She bowed slightly, then slipped out of the room, but lingered at the door to listen.

"You brought a kid into this, Aki?"

"It makes sense. She's more than just a kid, she's related to a prosecutor, and she's the student
council president."

"Oh, I see, so you brought a qualified kid, that makes it totally okay."

"Don't you think I tortured myself over this decision? Especially after what we went
through?"



"That's what surprises me about it. After what we went through, why would you ask someone
to do that?"

"Because...maybe it doesn't have to end the way it did for us. Maybe it can end with everyone
walking away smiling. And Kaneshiro...he can't be stopped through the usual means. If we
want justice, then a risk has to be taken."

"She really willing to risk that much?"

"You heard her plan. She's willing to risk even more than I'm asking. But don't worry, I won't
ask that of her. That's definitely too far."

"Mm...okay, Aki. I trust you. But don't let your desire for justice blind you, okay? There is
such a thing as taking it too far."

"Yeah, I know. But I got you to keep me on track, right?"

Sensing the conversation was coming to a close, Makoto stepped away so she wouldn't be
caught eavesdropping.

She went out into the world, more determined than ever to find a name.



Chapter 204: 5/26 - After School, Shibuya
Chapter Summary

Ann's strength.

"Nanako!"

Nanako had been the first to arrive at the hideout at the Shibuya Accessway. Ann peeled
ahead of the boys and rushed over to hug her.

"I was worried when you didn't show up."

"I'm fine," Nanako insisted. "Just needed a day off."

"Well, tell me next time, so I can ditch with you," Ann said with a wink. Nanako laughed.
Ryuji, Ren, and Morgana arrived behind her.

"Man, I shoulda ditched too," Ryuji mumbled.

"Hey," was all Ren said.

"You doing okay?" Nanako asked. He didn't look tired, though she wasn't sure how he pulled
that off - he couldn't have gotten any more sleep than she did.

"Of course," he said with a smile, a little glint in his eyes behind his glasses.

"Okay, let's start the meeting," Morgana announced from his perch on the railing. "We have a
plan."

Ren pulled out his phone and pressed the screen. A moment later, all of the Phantom Thieves
had their phones chiming. They opened their messenger app and saw the pictures in the group
chat.

"This is a diagram of Madarame's place outside of Kitagawa's room," Morgana explained.
"You see that other door with the yellow circle? That's the door that powers the cognition."

"You're sure?" Nanako asked.

"Positive. It's the same design and everything. In order to break through that cognition,
Madarame needs to see us on the other side of the door."

"Are we picking the lock, then?" Nanako asked, glancing at Ren.

"I wish it were that easy," he said.



"You remember what I said yesterday? There's going to be security waiting on the inside of
the palace. The door will be open for a day, just like the calling card, but after that we won't
be able to get through it again unless we disable it in the Metaverse. That means someone
will have to be in the real world, and the rest in the Metaverse."

"I don't like where this is going," Nanako said.

"I know," Ren added. "But there's not a lot of choice."

"What's going on?" Ann asked.

"You're the only one who could get back in the house. Kitagawa will call the cops on the boys
and me for sure. If you called him back and said you wanted to model, alone, he'd probably
let you in," Nanako explained.

"And...nude..." Ann said, glowering.

"You wouldn't be alone," Ren said. "Morgana can hide in your bag and work on the lock
while you distract Kitagawa. You don't actually have to get nude, just hold him off long
enough for Madarame to get home. Then, you run into the room with Morgana, and the
cognition releases."

"And we're in the Metaverse, waiting to disable the security," Ryuji said. "It should work...but
is Ann really going to be okay with just Morgana to protect her?"

"Hey! I won't let a single golden hair on Lady Ann's head come to harm!"

"We can't figure out another way to do this?" Nanako insisted. "I mean, Ann can't-"

"No, it's okay," Ann said, cutting off Nanako.

"What!? But..."

"I'm a Phantom Thief. I can confuse and misdirect Kitagawa long enough to get Madarame in
the room. I'm counting on Morgana to get the lock open, though."

"You can count on me for sure, Lady Ann!"

"But, Ann..."

"Nanako, don't you believe in me? I can do it."

"No, it's not that at all. I just..."

"I can't let what happened to me prevent me from doing what's right, Nanako. If I let it, then
Kamoshida wins. Besides, I'm in control of this situation. And...I need to prove I can be
strong for..."

"I understand. I'm sorry, I didn't mean to doubt you," Nanako said.



"You're impressive, Ann," Ren said. "We're counting on you and your amazing acting skills."

"I got this in da bag, guvnah'" she said, in English, with a terrible British accent.

"Yeah, don't do that," Ryuji said.

"I'll text Kitagawa and set it up for tomorrow," Ann said.

"Right. Well, that's it for today, then. Everyone get plenty of rest tonight," Ren said. He didn't
look at Nanako, but she felt the words directed at her nonetheless.



Chapter 205: 5/26 - Evening
Chapter Summary

Signs of Love.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

This is Okachimachi.

Nanako hopped off the train and onto the platform. She was about to text Yu, but she didn't
need to - he was standing nearby, waving.

"Hey, big bro," she said. "Sorry I'm late, the trains were running slow again."

"No problem, I haven't been here long. Come on, let's go."

He led down the stairs onto the street level. Awaiting them was shop after shop pressed
closely together with bright lights shining beaming out of every window. It seemed like the
stores were all fighting to be the shimmeriest of the row.

"What are we doing here?" Nanako asked.

"Hm? Oh, that's right, I forgot you don't know Tokyo that well...I think I'll let you figure it
out."

"Hey, come on! Don't keep secrets, just tell me!"

"It's not a huge secret Nanako, just look."

Yu kept walking, obviously with a destination in mind, so Nanako glanced around as quickly
as she could at the signs.

They were all jewelry stores.

"Wait, big bro!" she called out, rushing to catch up to him.

"It's not far...in fact, here we are," Yu said, gesturing at the door. This store was smaller than
the others, but still packed from end to end with all sorts of shining diamonds and glittering
gold. The interior felt warm, somehow. Familiar. It was like this was the sort of shop that they
might find in Inaba.

Except for the price tags! Nanako had a hard time counting the zeros after the yen signs.



"Narukami-san...I see you're back..." the owner said. He was bald and wore glasses at the end
of his nose, which he squinted through. "And...you've brought someone else to get another
opinion...how wonderful."

"This is the last one, Araki-san, I promise. Can you bring out the three, please?"

The owner, Araki-san, looked irritated for a moment, but then his face softened. He bent
behind the counter and brought out a small satin tray. There were three rings set in a row.

Engagement rings.

"Big bro!" Nanako yelped, throwing her arms around his neck.

"Well, you did tell me to take you ring shopping," Yu said with a grin.

"I can't believe this! Oh my God, I'm so happy for you!"

"Hey, hey, calm down, it hasn't happened yet, I need your opinion. Which one would Rise
like best?"

Nanako pulled herself away from Yu and then narrowed her focus with laser-like precision at
the three rings.

Ring one: diamond with a blocky emerald cut with a gold ring. Beautiful, regal, imperious.
But, too formal for Rise.

Ring two: a pink diamond in a heart-shaped cut surrounded by tiny clear diamonds on a silver
band. Beautiful, fun, and cute. But, too cute, and too much like her idol life for it to be the
symbol of her true love.

Ring three: a yellow diamond, round cut, with tiny yellow diamonds that extended from the
center like like vines and curled around a platinum band. Beautiful, unique, warm. Just like
Rise.

"This one," Nanako said, pointing at the third ring. Yu smiled.

"That's the same one Kanji picked, too."

"Kanji's seen it?"

"Of course, I can't get anything this important for Rise without running it by him."

"And there was also the gym teacher, the police officer, that one pregnant woman..."

"Okay, Araki-san, I know, I've been dragging my feet," Yu said.

"You brought everyone?" Nanako asked with a laugh. "Wow, you really want to get this right
huh?"

"Yeah."



It was only after she heard his 'yeah' that she realized how stupid she was. This wasn't the
first time he'd bought an engagement ring. This wasn't the first time he'd proposed. Of course
he would be nervous, of course he'd be worried.

Stupid, stupid, stupid Nanako.

"You know she's going to say yes," Nanako said.

"I hope so."

"She will! Now come on, I have given you my blessing on the this ring, and your choice of
my future older sister. No more dragging your feet. Besides, Araki-san looks like he might
sell them if you don't hurry up."

"Sell them? If he waits any longer, I'm going to give them away," Araki-san grumbled.

"All right, all right," Yu said, smiling bright as he ever had. "We're taking the yellow one,
Araki-san."

Despite his grumpy demeanor, Araki-san smiled broadly while he went to work putting the
ring in a box and then a bag and running Yu's card. He handed the bag to him with a small
bow.

"I suppose that you being this picky shows how much you love this woman. I wish you many
years of happiness."

Yu and Nanako bowed back.

Nanako was bouncing on the train.

"When are you going to ask her?"

"I'm not sure yet, I have a few days before she gets back," Yu said.

"Do you need ideas? Are you going to do it in a romantic place, or are you going to do it in
front of her family? Wait, have you even met Rise's family? Did you ask their blessing? Does
dad know this is happpening!? Can I tell him?!"

"Nanako, calm down," Yu said with a laugh. "I think...I'll do it in Inaba, actually."

Nanako gasped. "That is the best idea! But then you have to let us plan something. Even if
you propose alone, we need to have a big party afterwards! Like at the Amagi Inn! I'll help
do the whole thing, and I bet mom will too!"

"That's a good idea. But you have to keep this a secret, Nanako. I've spent a lot of time trying
to get Rise to think I'm not ready to propose yet, don't blow it."

"I won't!"

"Try extra hard, you're terrible at lying," Yu said.



"Okay, okay, I won't," Nanako said, though the guilt of Yu thinking she was a terrible liar
rung in her heart like the echo of a distant bell.

**

Nanako and Yu stopped for dinner on the way back. The excitement faded a little, but
Nanako's mind rushed with possibilities for the party. She'd have to talk to Yukiko right away.
And then make sure everyone was available - Naoto, Chie, Kanji...

"What's wrong?" Yu asked, looking up from his food.

"Hm? Nothing's wrong, this is an amazingly happy day."

"Are you sure? You looked very sad there for a moment."

"Oh. I was just thinking...it's too bad Teddie isn't here for this."

"Ah," Yu said with a nod. "I know. But Naoto said she's close to finding him. And if anyone
can find him, it's her, right?"

"Yeah...still...I miss him."

"I might have a way to help you with that," Yu said. Nanako frowned, but was curious.

**

"Okay, ready?" Yu asked. The two of them were back home, in Yu's office.

"I guess?"

"Ta-da~!"

Nanako shrieked in surprise.

**

Later that night, Nanako lay in bed staring at the ceiling. It had been a very long and very
strange day - but a good one.

Yu and Rise were going to get married.

Naoto had found Teddie.

They had a plan for Madarame.

An idea struck Nanako, and she grabbed her phone.

"Hello?" Ann answered.

"Hey, did you figure out what you're going to do with Kitagawa tomorrow?" Nanako asked.



"No. I was just working on that now, actually."

"Well. I have an idea."

Nanako told her.

Ann agreed.

__

SOCIAL LINK RANK UP

Hierophant: Yu Narukami

Level 3

Chapter End Notes

Writer tip: if you're writing an area in real life you've never been to, just use Google map
street view to help you get a visual.



Chapter 206: 5/27 - Museum of Vanity
Chapter Summary

Waiting.

Nanako and Joker stood in front of the electrified fence within Madrame's palace.

Skull paced.

"Damnit, what's taking them so long..."

"You worried about them?" Nanako asked.

"Yeah, I'm worried! If they screw it up will we get another chance at this?" Skull said,
practically shouting.

"Jealous that Kitagawa might get to see Ann naked and you don't?" Joker asked.

"What!? No, dude!"

"So you don't want to see Ann naked?"

"Huh? Well, I mean, I'm a guy and she's hot, so yeah, I want to, but not like that! I would
only want to if she wanted me to!"

"You want her to want to be naked for you?" Joker asked.

"No! It's not like that either! I don't think of her like that!"

"But if she just happened to be naked and you saw her and she was like 'it's fine' you'd want
that?" Joker asked.

"I-"

"Skull," Nanako interrupted. "He's messing with you."

Joker smirked.

"You're a real smartass, you know that?" Skull said, annoyed.

"It got you to stop worrying, right?" Joker asked. Nanako rolled her eyes.

"You're both hopeless. Ann isn't getting naked for anyone that she doesn't want to get naked
for, now stop thinking about it."



"Yes ma'am," Skull said.

"Wouldn't dream of it," Joker said. "I have a feeling I'm not her type, anyway."

Nanako shot him a look, but he just smirked some more underneath his mask.

"You're in rare form today," Nanako said.

"I'm a little nervous, too," Joker admitted.

"We can believe in Ann and Morgana," Nanako said. "You may be the leader, but that doesn't
mean you can do everything for the team."

"Yeah, you're right," Joker said. "Sorry for messing with you, Skull."

"Dude, don't apologize, we're bros, we don't do that," Skull grumbled. "And what's taking
them so long!?"

"It's going to be okay," Nanako insisted. "Ann and I came up with an addition to the plan last
night. If it's taking this long, then it's probably going well. Remember, we need Madarame to
see her in the room."

"I hate all this waiting," Skull said and continued to pace.



Chapter 207: 5/27 - After School, Madarame's Atelier
Chapter Summary

Ann acts.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

The doorbell rang. Kitagawa's voice came over the speaker.

"Who is it?"

"It's Takamaki," Ann replied.

"I'll be right down!"

"Are you sure about this, Lady Ann?" Morgana asked from his hiding place in her bag.

"Yes, stop worrying, this will be fine. Just get that lock open!"

"I won't let you down!"

The door swung open.

"I'm so thankful you reconsidered your position and were willing to - ahh!"

Kitagawa almost fell.

"Oh, I'm sorry, I didn't mean to surprise you. I work part-time at a day care, and I was
running a little late. I bear-ly made it here."

"I...see...so you...dress up as this...character?"

"Yeah, it's cute, isn't it? The kids love the bright colors and his sincere eyes. Sometimes the
heat in here is a little un-bear-able, but it's worth it to see their smiling faces."

"Yes, that's very admirable. Well, shall we?"

"Yep, I'm ready to bear it all to you!"

Kitagawa led Ann in. She struggled to push the Teddie suit's head through the door, but
somehow fit through. Then she wobbled up the stairs, her feet sounding like odd little suction
cups with every step.



"Lady Ann," Morgana whispered. "Why are you making all those bear puns?"

"I don't know, I can't stop!" Ann whispered back, panicked.

"Did you say something?" Kitagawa asked as he got to the top of the stairs.

"Oh, no, nothing, just getting my bear-ings on these stairs. Kinda hard to see in this
costume!"

"Yes, I was going to see, it's a bit short, aren't you cramped in there?"

"Oh, well, I'm so flexible and sexy it's not a big deal," Ann said. "When I get this suit off,
you're going to have a koala-ty model."

"Lady Ann..."

"Just unlock the door!" Ann hissed. Sweat was dripping down her...well, her everything. It
was so hot in this suit, why did she let Nanako talk her into wearing it! Why did Nanako even
have it?! There were so many questions and not enough answers.

She felt Morgana leap out of the bag and dart down the hall as she squeezed the suit into
Kitagawa's room.

"Well, um, here we are," Kitagawa said, pulling at his collar. "I s-suppose it's time for you to
get out of the costume. Please hurry, sensei will be here soon, and I don't want to put you in
an uncomfortable position..."

"Sure thing! I'll get out of it beary quickly!" Ann said, cheerily as she could.

Ann reached up with the stubbly bear arms to the large zipper on the head. She swiped at it
several times.

"Oh, this is em-bear-assing! I can't get the zipper off!"

"I, um, could help you if-"

"No, no, I got it! This is just a brief paws!"

Something seemed to come over Ann. Instead of just dramatically swiping around for the
zipper, Ann felt an overwhelming desire, no, compulsion to just...jump on the ground.

And roll around.

So she went with it. She fell over and started rolling back and forth through Kitagawa's room,
bumping in the canvas, the easel, the walls, the shelves, even Kitagawa's feet.

"Takamaki-san, if you just stay still, I can-"

"No, I got it! You just sit there with your artist mind and imagine all the paws-ibilities of my
gorgeously sexy poses! I won't be stuck in this suit fur-ever!"



Ann decided she needed to get back on her feet, though, so she tried to gather her legs
beneath her and push up.

She rolled onto the top of her head and somersaulted down, accidentally kicking Kitagawa in
the chest as she did.

"Sorry! That was totally a bear-ccident!"

Bear-ccident? That wasn't even a bear pun, that was just adding the word "bear" - what was
wrong with her!

"I-it's fine," Kitagawa said, coughing. "I'm all right."

"Let me help you clean up this bearsaster of a mess," Ann said, rushing around to try and
scoop up painting supplies that had all tumbled to the ground.

"It's quite all right, why don't you just focus on getting out of the suit and I'll clean this up."

Ann took a few suction cup steps backwards and once again flailed around for the zipper. It
was getting too hot in the stupid suit and she was really starting to worry about why she was
saying "bear" so much.

Except, when she reached for it, she really couldn't get it. A new type of dread and panic set
over her. She had to get it off! She'd just tell Kitagawa and then-

...and then what? Madarame wasn't there yet, she couldn't give up now. She had to pull this
off, everyone else was counting on her.

Shiho wouldn't give up.

The memory of Shiho struggling across the walking bars flashed through her mind. The pain
on her face, the sweat on her forehead, the almost physical aura of determination she exuded.
Shiho was going through so much more than being stuffy and saying bear puns.

"Bearsona!" Ann shouted.

"Um...what?" Kitagawa asked, turning with an armful of paintbrushes, looking rather
perplexed.

"I mean, I need to change in another room!" Ann declared. "Maybe somewhere with a lock?
I'm too em-bear-assed to get out of it in here."

"I...I don't mean to sound crass, but you are about to get nude, so I don't see how that's
relevant?"

"Don't you know women at all? It'll look un-bear-lievably undignified for me to wriggle out
of this suit and look all sweaty. If I'm going to be your model, I want to feel beautiful the
whole time. I can't model well if I don't feel good about how I look."



"Ah, well, I suppose that does make sense, I wouldn't want to interfere with your artistic
process...still, the only room with a lock on it is sensei's room, and I don't have a key."

"Maybe we'll be lucky bears and it'll already be unlocked!" Ann declared, turning around and
rushing for the door to start squeezing the suit through the gap.

It had better be unlocked already, otherwise Ann was going to have some harsh words for
Morgana. Kitagawa was trying to stop her, but she ignored him and rushed down the hall.

Morgana hung from the lock, claws in the mechanism.

"Morgana! You're not done?!"

"These stupid cat paws are too clumsy!"

"I can't bear-lieve this, he's right behind me," Ann hissed.

"Almost got it...almost...there!"

The lock opened. Morgana dropped to the ground and rushed down the hallway just as
Kitagawa came up from behind Ann. Ann managed to grab the lock with the bear paw and
toss it to the ground.

"Woohoo, lucky us! We must have been good bears!"

She shouldered the door open and rushed inside.

"Stop! That's sensei's private room, no one is allowed inside!"

Kitagawa flipped the light on.

Then his mouth dropped.

"What...what is all this?"

Chapter End Notes

I have been waiting to write this scene for so long. It's one of the first ones I thought of
when I decided I was going to go full-bore on this fanfiction and I started thinking of
scenes I wanted to "fix" from Persona 5.

This is prime fan art material, if I do say so myself.

And I will not apologize for putting Ann in the Teddie suit! But if you need mental
bleach, here's a cool video of grown up Nanako doing the meme specialist dance.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9AKMie3zDa4&t=42s






Chapter 208: 5/27 - The Musuem of Vanity
Chapter Summary

Showtime.

Nanako spun around.

They had been watching the electrical pulses of the door. Well, Joker and Nanako had - Skull
never quite stopped pacing.

But now, Nanako was sure she had heard something. She was staring at the reflecting pool
that waited in front of the double doors directly behind them - the nearest safe room.

It sounded like someone was trying to open the door?

She took a step closer to it.

There was a rattle, as if someone was shaking the door from the inside but couldn't open it.
The shaking sped up, moving faster and faster and becoming stronger and stronger until both
doors shook violently.

Then they burst open.

The force shook Nanako where she stood, forcing her to raise an arm up defensively and take
a stronger stance in her legs. A bright light poured out of the safe room and rolled across the
gaudy reflecting pool.

And the pool....transformed.

She couldn't explain why or how, but the hideously opulent reflecting pool was gone,
replaced by a gentle square pool of aqua water set in marble. The transformation kept
washing over the entire area, turning the museum into the exact same interior of the safe
room - rose colored and white marble, circular marble planters with beautiful flowers, and
powerful but elegant columns holding up the ceiling. The marble columns had rainbow rings
floating around their base.

She followed the transformation, spinning around to look at Joker and Skull. The
transformation erased the security fields and gates, replacing them with golden statues of
angels.

The transformation abruptly stopped at the edge of the door. The door swung open, revealing
the rest of the museum behind it, back to its gaudy surfaces drenched in gold, complete with
a golden statue of Madarame dressed as a feudal shogun.



"The hell was that?" Skull whispered.

"I don't know," Joker answered. "But we have our opening, let's move!"

Joker glided into the next room, diving behind low wall. Skull and Nanako moved to follow,
but Nanako kept glancing back at the strange new room.

Why was it so different than the rest of the museum?

Just on the inside of the door was a large security room. Joker went for the door but found it
locked - not that it would stay locked for much longer. Skull was right at his side while
Nanako hung back to keep an eye on their rear.

She looked at the other room again. The golden angel statues were so lovely and so very
different from the shogun statue of Madarame. There was an elegance about them that
Nanako couldn't describe, a -

"Ack!"

The impact hit her, hard, throwing her through the door and back into the previous room. She
turned in mid-air and managed to land on her feet, sliding back on the marble floor.

The hulking form of Nue came rumbling down the hall after her, massive paws raised to
strike at her again. Nanako's eyes caught the flicker of black behind Nue - the grappling
hook! Joker zipped into the air, swinging under the door frame and and landing dramatically
in the beautiful room, right behind Nue.

"Got a little distracted there, Angel?" he called in a smirk. Nanako frowned.

"I don't need you to save me," she said, one part serious, one part flirty, one part challenging.

"Sorry, but it's SHOWTIME!"

The words ripped out of Joker, throwing that same pressure that the exploding safe room had
- as if reality itself was warping all around them. Nanako glanced around - it...sort of seemed
like it was warping. As if somehow the force of Joker's will was pressing down on the
cognitive space.

Wait, would that make sense? The safe room was the point of the weakest cognition, and if
the safe room was bleeding into the musuem, then...

Nue wasn't moving, for some reason, but Nanako wasn't going to question that too much.
Joker was grinning.

"It's nice of you to bring your collectible cards to the battle," he said, gesturing to the
Compendium. "Maybe you can take down the enemy with your Blue Eyes Fight Dragon?"

Nanako felt a strange tension in the air - like she was existing on the edge of a bubble. If she
questioned what was happening too much, the bubble would pop, and the cognition would
dissolve. But if she leaned into it....gave into it...



"Oh you're right, I should definitely let you and your Halloween masks save us," Nanako said
winking.

She opened the Compendium.

He reached to his mask.

"Pixie!"

Pixie appeared behind Nue and shot a small lightning bolt.

"Jack O Lantern!" Nanako said, pulling out the card from the Compendium, crushing it, and
sending fire.

"Bicorn!" Mask off, Garu wind blast.

"Oberon!" Card crush, physical attack.

"Silky!"

"Angel!"

"Obariyon!"

"Legion!"

"Asparas!"

"Titan!"

"Hua Po!"

"Berith!"

"Inugami!"

Card, mask, card, mask, card, mask, attack after attack after attack, faster and faster while the
Nue could do nothing but endure it.

"Arsene!

"Izanagi!"

Simultaneously, with one voice, they said: "RAVAGE THEM!"

Arsene's claws raked away with blinding fury while Izanagi's sword was a whirlwind of
sharpened steel.

When the attacks finished, Joker was standing next to Nanako, slipping his mask on adjusting
his gloves.



"How was that?"

"Let's call it a draw," Nanako said.

She closed the Compendium and Nue died.

And then the bubble of cognition, the Showtime, vanished with it.

Skull stood at the door.

"Holy shit, what was that?"



Chapter 209: 5/27 - After School
Chapter Summary

Madarame's Shadow.

"...I needed money to further your talents. I'm sorry. I hope you can forgive your foolish
teacher."

"Sensei, no, please..."

Ann was still in the bear suit. In fact, she had fallen over when Madarame had entered the
room and hadn't yet been able to get up, no matter how much she tried to roll around. Sweat
stung her eyes and she just couldn't find the balance tipping point.

In the meantime, Madarame had come in with a perfectly polished explanation of everything:
why there had been a room full of Sayuri, why he was selling them, all while admitting
partial fault. Ann had to admit, the story was quite good, much better than the way that
Kamoshida had filtered his lies to the school.

But Madarame had years of practice now, hadn't he?

"These im-bear-sonations are not the real Sayuri!" Ann yelled from the ground. "But how
could you recreate them if the bear-riginal was stolen?"

"What? I of course had a finely detailed photograph to work from...wait, why am I talking to
a costumed mascot? Who's in there?"

"Lady Ann," Morgana whispered from his position in the corner of the room. "The one
behind you, the one with the cover on it!"

"I can't reach it, grab it!" Ann said. Morgana sprung into action, catching the purple fabric
with one of his claws and yanking it down cleanly.

And there it was.

The real Sayuri.

Ann wasn't sure how she knew, but she did. There was something instinctive in it that
resonated in her heart that told her that it was the true work of art.

Kitagawa must have agreed.



"That's...the real Sayuri...but you just said moments ago that original was stolen? What is the
meaning of this?"

"Yusuke, I can explain-"

"But-"

The lights clicked off.

"Hurry, Lady Ann!" Morgana yelled, dangling from the light switch.

"A cat?!" Madarame yelled.

Ann struggled, pulling her arms out of the costumed hands and into the main shell of the
body. She writhed and wriggled until she managed to grab hold of her phone in her pocket.

"Who let this cat in here?!"

"Ow!' Kitagawa yelled as Mona pounced on him. He stumbled back and tripped onto the bear
suit.

"Geez, get off!" Ann yelled as she pushed the icon.

Beginning navigation

The pressure of Kitagawa and Morgana vanished, but Ann was hit with a new sensation. She
was falling. Quickly she shoved her eyes against the costume to try and get her bear-ings.
There was the ground, coming up quickly, and Kitagawa above her. At the same time,
though, she felt the strength from entering the Metaverse flow into her body all while her
Phantom Thief costume materialized around her. What she was about to do was impossible in
the real world, but if her cognition was strong enough...

She landed on her feet, unharmed. She stuck her arms back into the costume and stretched
them out and caught Kitagawa too, in a bridal-carry.

Then Mona hit Kitagawa and they all crashed to the ground.

"Mona! Panther!" Angel cried, rushing towards them. Ann rolled to her feet.

"You did it! We shut down the security...well, Skull did."

"I hacked it," Skull said, holding out his pipe.

"But why did you bring Kitagawa here?" Angel asked. Ann groaned.

"It's kind of a long story..."

"Where...where is this!?"

"Madarame's heart," Joker said. Kitagawa looked tense, raising his arms up in defense.



"You again...why are you wearing these clothes? Where have you taken me?"

Joker, Mona, and Skull began explaining.

"Nanako," Ann whispered. "Help me....this suit is completely un-bear-able."

Angel frowned. "Did you just make a bear pun?"

"I know...I can't stop..."

Angel came over and struggled against the zipper. Ann bounced around in the suit as she did.

"Ouch! Come on, be careful!"

"Sorry, it's stuck. I think we need a tool or something. I have some sewing supplies back at
my house I can use."

"Your house?! I can't wait that long! Just cut it open!"

"No! You can't! It's...it's too important to me."

Ann managed to see Angel's face through her furry tomb. She looked sad and worried and
panicked all at once. It still made no sense why Angel had this stupid thing, but it obviously
was important.

"Ugh, fine...I hope we don't run into any shadows on the way out. And you're treating me to
some cold drinks."

"Yes, yes, I'll treat you to anything you want, I promise," Angel said. "Let me guide you out."

**

"This is...I can't believe it," Kitagawa said.

Nanako, Joker, and Skull had cleared the shadows on their way in, so the route out was
secure for now. All they had to do was return to the entrance. But as they walked, Kitagawa
saw things for how they were.

Including the portraits.

"Do you know them?" Nanako asked.

"Some of them, yes..." Kitagawa replied. "He views them as his creations...his source of
income. The infinite spring. And I'm just another portrait in the line, aren't I?"

"I...actually don't think so," Nanako said.

"What do you mean?"

The team passed through the final floor and back to their infiltration point.



"Wait here a second, everyone," Nanako said. "I want to show him the door."

"We don't have time," Joker argued.

"Madarame's cognition is on high alert," Mona added. "This place will be swarming with
shadows."

"It'll only take a moment," Nanako argued. She grabbed Kitagawa's arm and yanked him
away from the infiltration point and towards the hallway.

"Be beary quick about it!" Panther shouted.

It didn't take long to get to the door.

YUSUKE KITAGAWA EXHIBIT

UNDER CONSTRUCTION

"What is this?"

"I don't know, it's locked," Nanako said. "But...none of the other students have had their own
exhibit. I know, I've been looking as we moved forward. Dozens of portraits, some larger and
more detailed than the others, but this is the only exhibit."

"And what does that mean?"

"I don't know that either," Nanako said, grimacing. "Sorry. But we'll figure it out."

"I do hate to be the bearer of bad news, but that exhibition is still under construction. And as
of now, I'm not sure it'll ever be completed."

"Sensei!" Kitagawa cried. He and Nanako spun around to see Madarame's shadow - a man
dressed as an ancient shogun, just like his statue. He was clad in head to toe with gold. There
were two large security guard shadows flanking him.

Nanako stood in front of Kitagawa. "Stay behind me."

"Sensei, what is the meaning of all this!?"

"This is the museum of the Master Artist Madarame," he declared. "You should recognize it
by its works and its greatness."

"But...your attire...this decor...was everything a lie?"

"Of course, you fool," Madarame sneered. "My usual ragged appearance is a well-constructed
disguise. And that shack? Me, living there? Preposterous. I have a much nicer home, under
the name of a mistress, of course."

"I don't understand...the Sayuri, you said it was stolen!"



"Oh, Yusuke, please don't tell me you're that easily fooled. I came up with that lie on the spot,
but it was easy to do since it was partially the truth. I was the one who came up with the
rumor that the original was stolen."

"But why!?"

"Why? Because of the incredible value it created," Madarame said. "In the art world, true
beauty means nothing. Skill means nothing. All that matters is what people believe it is
worth. If the Sayuri was gone, then owning would be the ultimate feather in the cap for the
one who owned it. So once it was "stolen" I started contacting the richest people I knew
through back channels, quietly explaining to them that I had recovered the Sayuri, but was
too afraid to put it back in public, so if they were willing to be a hefty price for it..."

"Disgusting!" Nanako shouted.

"Quiet, you garish girl, you know nothing of the arts."

"Then...you did it again, and again. How many of those counterfeit Sayuris have you sold..."
Kitagawa clutched his head. Nanako ached for him. His whole world was coming apart in
front of him, and yet Nanako couldn't spare a moment for sympathy or support. The shadows
were too close, and Madarame could be dangerous as well.

"Please, don't sound so disappointed. It was you, and all those other foolish students who
benefited from these sales. How do you think I was able to support all of them?"

"But people believe in you! They're inspired by you! What about them?"

"Who cares?" Madarame said with the flick of his fan. "They're not important. Art is just a
tool for money and fame. The sooner you understand this, Yusuke, the more profitable you'll
be. Why do you think I plucked up so many promising young artists? The more sources of art
I had, the more income I could generate. And with my reputation, no one would dare rise up
against me. How could any of them succeed with my word pushing them down?"

"So...that's all I am...just another source of stolen art."

"No, Yusuke. You're special."

He looked up. "What...?"

"Don't listen to him, Kitagawa-kun," Nanako said. "He's trying to trick you."

"You've been very special, indeed. You were a special acquisition, my most prized. And I
admit, you have great talent. When you are old enough, I shall pass down everything to you -
my contacts, my scheme, the weight of my reputation. I have enough money, and soon I
would like to enjoy it. With you rising as my protege, we can continue to wield the power of
art against those snobs and take every last cent from them."

"I would never do that!" Kitagawa shouted.



"But you should. This is why I kept things from you, Yusuke. You aren't ready. You're too
much an idealistic child...but in five or six years, you'll understand. And when you do, I'll
happily share what I have with you...but if you think about rising against me..."

"Enough! I cannot believe that I have been raised by such a vile man! I believed in you,
sensei! My wholee life has been based upon your teachings and ideals!"

"And none of that has to change," Madarame said quietly. "After all...I have grown fond of
you. I did raise you, after all."

Kitagawa laughed.

"Raise me? No. You lied to me."

Nanako felt a surge of power behind her. She turned to see that Yusuke's face was awash in
blue flame, flame that solidified into a traditional fox mask.

"As if I would cast aside everything I believe in to live a life full of rot and greed!"

He gripped the edge of his mask and started to pull. Blood poured down his neck, staining his
shirt red.

"Is this really how you repay the man who was like a father to you?" Madarame said.

Kitagawa screamed. He fell to his knees, blood still pouring from his face.

The mask was only half-torn off!

"Kitagawa! Finish the contract! Remove the mask!" Nanako yelled.

"I...I can't...he's right...he's..."

"Kitagawa! He'll kill you if you don't!"

"Step aside, girl," Madarame declared. The two shadows lumbered forward.

"Izanagi!"

"Hm, so it's to be a fight then? Very well."

Gunfire erupted down the hall. The shadows and Madarame spun around.

"Get them, Phantom Thieves!" Joker yelled.

"Hell yeah!"

"We're coming, Angel!"

"Bearsona!"



Chapter 210: 5/27 - After School, Museum of Vanity
Chapter Summary

Goemon.

The ambush created enough space for Nanako to rush down the hall and into the open gallery.
The Phantom Thieves crashed into a pair of Nue which had transformed out of the two large
security guards. Skull came crashing against one with his pipe on its forehead, followed by a
spinning somersault slash attack from Mona, but Nue was physically very strong.

"Panther, it's weak against fire!" Nanako called out as she flipped through the Compendium.

"Right, I'm on it! Bear-agi!"

Carmen appeared behind the bouncing shape of Teddie, who had his right arm drooping
lifelessly at his side. Nanako figured that Ann must have slid her arm out so she could grab
her mask from inside the suit.

Carmen extended her arms and unleashed a cyclone of fire.

Into a wall.

"Uggh! I can't see in this thing!"

"Hua Po!" Joker peeled off his mask as he skid in between Nue and Panther. The ram-horned
fairy giggled before unleashing its own fire blasts at both Nue, who recoiled as their fur lit
ablaze.

"Mona, help me follow up! Anzur!"

"Right behind you, Angel! Zorro!"

"Magaru!" they cried in unison. Both Personas unleashed waves of green wind energy, which
kicked up the intensity of the flames. Both Nue were consumed in the raging glow and their
blank ink burned away into ash.

Skull landed in the center between Nanako and Mona, shotgun in hand. He sauntered towards
Madrame's shadow, who didn't seem particularly concerned with the blonde pirate heading
his way.

"Is that all you got? And here I thought this palace was going to be tougher. I guess we can
just beat the shit out of you here and now and call it a- what the!"



Nanako drew her gun but it was too late. A angular black shape leapt out from beneath
Madarame's feet and slid across the ground until it was behind Skull. The angular shape then
rose up, not in the same undulating ink that Shadows used. It was similar, but not quite the
same...was it paint?

The shape solidified into the origami-like Shiki-Ouji. Skull spun and fired several shots into
it, as did Nanako, but it had no effect at all. Nanako reached for the Compendium while Skull
went for his mask, but Shiki-Ouji scooped down and uppercut Skull in the gun, sending him
into the air. It then reached out with its papery fingers and Snap!. Compressed air launched at
Skull, impacting him with the force of a gunshot, sending him sprawling to the ground.

"Skull!" Nanako cried, immediately summoning a Sarasvati and running towards him. She
needed to get a little closer to be in range of the Media spell.

"Angel, watch out!" Mona yelled. Nanako looked over to Madarame - he had his sleeve
drawn back with one hand and a long paintbrush in the other, drawing another liquidy shape
on the ground with the same shadow-paint. With a flourish, he sent another shadow leaping
across the ground towards Nanako. Mona let out a battle cry and intercepted it, striking the
ground with his sword. The shadow sprung up from the ground immediately, transforming
into Inugami, which Mona started battling.

"This is my museum!" Madarame declared with a laugh. "I can create anything I will in here.
Destroy all the works you like, I can make an endless supply of them!"

Shiki-Ouji kicked Skull in the stomach, sending him crashing into the nearby wall. Nanako
froze. Shiki-Ouji had a weakness, the Compendium told her that much but...it was something
she didn't have. Frei? What was Frei? And why didn't she have any Personas with it?

Joker would have one. She turned, looking to clear a path for him to get to Skull.

Except, things were getting worse.

Madarame made more shadows from his paint - one was another Inugami , which had already
pounced on Panther and was staring down at Teddie's face with glowing pink eyes. Pulnipa,
Nanako realized.

"I've been a beary bad bear indeed, Nana-chan~" Panther mumbled through the suit, her mind
completely confused by the Inugami's spell.

Another shadow leapt out of the ground towards Joker - a Jack Frost. Joker smiled at the
bouncing snowman hee-ho-ing towards him as Hua Po melted him with a concentrated blast
of fire. Hua Po returned to his mask and Joker started running towards Skull and Shiki-Ouji,
reaching up to his mask to switch his Personas.

Something reached out and pulled him by his arm, yanking his hand away from his mask.
Joker's dagger was immediately in his other hand, swinging around to cut the attacker, but his
other arm was immediately restrained as well. Paint was leaping out of the ground in the
shape of powerful tentacles. They gripped around his face, his neck, his torso and legs,
pulling him into the ground and pinning him there.



"Foolish children," Madrame said, still laughing as his paintbrush continued to move. "Do
you think I'm limited to simply creating shadows from the sea of souls? I am limited only by
the power of my imagination!"

Nanako darted her gaze from one point to the other. Shiki-Ouji snapped at Skull again,
blasting him back to the ground just as he had gotten back on his feet. Mona finally landed a
killing blow on Inugami, only to watch as a black cage appeared around him from the paint
on the ground. Joker was still pinned to the ground and Panther still enthralled by the Pulnipa
spell.

"Well, girl? Will you do the smart thing and concede to the will of the Great Artist,
Madarame?"

"Izanagi!"

"Foolish rebellion," he muttered. He swirled his hand and brush while Nanako charged. A
great wave of paint, like the famous painting of the Great Wave of Kanagawa, rose out of the
ground between her and Madarame, rushing towards her like a great black hand.

A jolt of anxiety rushed through her again - that same unintentional terror that came up when
she had the dream of being held by Namatame's shadow, the same terror that struck when she
first saw Kamoshida's shadow - the idea that something massive could reach out and crush
her, or take her, and there was nothing she could do about it.

But she had to push on and fight! The others were counting on her!

"Cross Slash!"

Izanagi rushed forward and sliced the wave. But it wasn't enough. The wave simply washed
around the slice, and Izanagi, and kept rushing towards her.

She opened the Compendium, desperate to find something, anything that might hold it back.

The wave crashed.

But nothing happened to her.

She looked up. To her surprise, a wall of bamboo had appeared directly in front of her. It
looked like the famous traditional bamboo paintings, but instead of Madarame's inky
blackness, it was a crimson red. Nanako stepped back from the bamboo as she heard the
water rushing around it and swiping at her from her right. She was about to jump out of the
way when another wall of bamboo grew from the floor, rising at least twenty feet tall, nearly
touching the museum's ceiling.

"What is the meaning of this!" Madarame yelled.

"Have you forgotten sensei? I am your star pupil, naturally I would know some of your
techniques."



Nanako spun around. Kitagawa stood at the edge of the hallway, holding a long brush, nearly
identical to Madarame's save for that fact that it was the same crimson color. He stared out of
the kitsune mask with his yellow eyes, blood still pouring from the side of his face.

Blood. Kitagawa was painting with his own blood.

He dragged his paintbrush across the wound on his head and began to paint with decisive
strokes on the wall of the museum.

"I apologize to Takamaki, and to you...I hesitated. Here, in Madarame's world, as Madarame's
pupil, I felt powerless. But watching you fight back, I came to understand that his power
comes from me...I am his power, and that makes this my world too."

He finished the painting on the wall - a long, exquisitely detailed katana. He held out his
hand and the crimson sword rose out of the wall and into his palm.

Madarame recoiled.

"That sword...no, that's impossible..."

"I am the controller of my own fate," Kitagawa declared, drawing the katana from its
scabbard, tossing it aside. He then put the edge of the blade at the edge of his mask, gripping
the hilt with one hand and the back of the blade with the other.

"I am thou! Thou art I! Come to me, Goemon!"

With one decisive push, Kitagawa sliced the mask off his face.

Blue flame overcame him and materialized behind Kitagawa in a ostentatious pompadour
samurai.

"Behold!" Kitagawa declared, holding his hand in front of him, clad in a stylish jumpsuit with
a fox tail hanging from his belt. "I walk a path of true beauty, never to be defined again by the
evils of this world!"

"Get them!" Madarame yelled as security shadows rushed into the room. Madarame turned
and ran up the stairs.

"You shall not take another step further!"

An intense blast of bufu ice energy erupted out of Goemon's outstretched hand. A half dozen
security shadows were literally frozen in place, turned to encapsulated statues. Both
Kitagawa and Goemon leapt forward, their blades slicing rapidly through the air.

The shadows broke into chunks of ice, shattering into shrapnel when they hit the ground.

"Kitagawa, over here!" Nanako yelled.

"Now, to make Madarame pay for all he has done!" Goemon vanished, returning to the
kitsune mask on his face.



"Kitagawa!"

"He will answer to me, the avenger of art, the bringer of justice to all of my classmates!"

"Yusuke!"

He turned at the sound of his first name.

"Please! I need your help!"

He nodded. He rushed towards Joker, pulling off his mask. Goemon and Yusuke again
unleashed with their blades, severing all the tentacles at once.

Joker didn't miss a beat. The moment he was freed, he snapped out his grappling hook and
swung through the air towards Shiki-Ouji.

"Makami! Frei!"

A long wolf spirit appeared alongside Joker and spat out a compressed blast of glimmering
blue-green energy. It struck Shiki-Ouji in the center of its back, then rapidly expanded
outward in a radioactive explosion. The origami shadow vaporized.

"Sarasvati! Diarama!" Nanako rushed towards Skull, casting the spell as soon as she was in
range. Skull got to his feet.

"Phew, that's better," he said, spinning his shotgun around in his hand. He raised it and fired it
twice at the Inugami that had pounced onto Panther. Both shots landed perfectly, sending the
shadow flying off of her and into the wall.

"I'll cut you down!" Yusuke declared, bringing his blade across the Inugami's neck, severing
it clean off, reducing him back into black shadow paint.

"This is un-bear-lievable..." Panther muttered as she got to her feet. "Carmen! Go!"

A blast of fire washed over Mona's cage, melting it, setting him free.

"Let's get out of here, now!" Joker ordered.



Chapter 211: 5/27 - After School
Chapter Summary

Ren

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Leaving the Metaverse became a little confusing.

The entry point was always in front of Madarame's home, so when they re-materialized, they
weren't too far from the private security vans screeching to a halt in front of it. Ren ordered
everyone to move quickly to the train station, out of sight.

Now, Kitagawa, Ryuji, Ren, and Morgana were gathered in a circle while Nanako and Ann
were at a bench nearby. The first thing they had done was got the head off of the strange
costume and freed Ann. She'd looked a little worse for bear - er, wear. Somewhere in the
commotion, she'd lost one of her hairties, and apparently her hair was so voluminous that she
couldn't put it into a single ponytail with the remaining hair tie she had, so it was down now,
draping across her shoulders in a semi-twisted, semi-tangled mess.

Ren thought it looked nice that way.

He spared a moment to think about the costume again. Why did Nanako have a bear
costume? And what kind of bear was that supposed to be, anyway? Ren wasn't even sure you
could call it a bear. It was blue and red and white and yellow...it looked more like a clown.
Clown bear? Bear clown?

He'd have to ask her sometime.

"You holding up okay, man?" Ryuji asked, handing Kitagawa a drink. He looked at it, a little
shocked.

"I...I don't know. A lot of truth as been revealed all at once. I imagine it will take some time
to process," he said.

"But you've found the strength and will to stand up against it," Ren said. "You wouldn't have
created your Persona without it."

"I hesitated," he said, looking ashamed.

"You'd be a fool not to," Ren replied. "I hesitated. The choice to stand up and fight against
overwhelming odds isn't easy. You could have taken Madarame's offer and be a rich man.



There are some who would think you stupid for not taking it."

"I suppose. But I couldn't live with myself. If I ever became like him, I'd...I..."

"Yeah, I getcha," Ryuji said, slapping him on the shoulder. "Well, look, we're gonna change
his heart and bring justice. You want in?"

"You would let me accompany you?" Kitagawa asked, genuinely surprised.

"You'd be a strong asset," Morgana said. "You know Madarame better than any of us, and
your ability to paint those things in the Metaverse could be very helpful."

"But I threatened you, and defended him..."

"But you knew, right? You knew all along that something wasn't right," Ren said. Kitagawa
nodded.

"Yes, I did. I...just didn't want it to be true. So I chose to ignore it. I convinced myself that I
had an overactive imagination...but there were always strange people coming to the house,
and the rumors persisted. And I saw what happened to my fellow pupils. One even tried to
convince me to leave. But I didn't know how. And...I felt an overwhelming gratitude for him.
I never knew my father, and my mother died when I was three. Sensei took me in, raised me,
gave me everything. I suppose there's part of me that still feels an overwhelming sense of
gratitude, but..."

"You can't ignore what he's done," Ren said.

"No. I cannot. But...what is a change of heart?"

Morgana explained everything. Kitagawa took it in silently.

"I see...so in a sense...it would snap him to his senses. It make him see what he's doing."

"Yes. And he'll turn himself in. That's how it worked with Kamoshida. You heard about that
on the news, right?" Ren asked.

"I did. I heard the rumors of the Phantom Thieves, as well, but I had no idea they were real..."

"So whatya say? You in?" Ryuji asked.

"Yes, if you'll have me. This might be the only way to save sensei's soul. He will be punished
by the law and by the art community but...maybe in the end, he will find his way back to
being the person I saw as my father."

Ren put his hand on his shoulder. "Welcome to the Phantom Thieves."

"Thank you. And please, all of you, call me Yusuke."

"Yeah, I probably woulda anyway," Ryuji said, picking his ear with his pinky. "I mean, we're
puttin' everything on the line, right? Might as well use first names."



"Madarame had security come to the house. Do you think he'll call the police?" Ren asked.

"Yes, undoubtedly he will take legal action. Though Ann was hidden in the suit the entire
time, I'm sure he'll figure out it was one of you. Additionally, there are some security cameras
on the front door. He will piece it together."

"Shit," Ryuji muttered. "That ain't good. This guy's gotta a criminal record, and if the cops
get wind..."

Ren said nothing.

"We have a little time," Yusuke said. "Sensei won't risk putting anything negative out there
while his exhibition is still going."

"So if we change his heart before the exhibition ends, we'll be safe," Morgana said. "When is
it supposed to end?"

"June 5th," Yusuke said. Ren adjusted his glasses.

"A little over a week..."

"Shit," Ryuji said. "Well, guess we'll have to work twice as hard to secure the infiltration
route. Good thing we got this badass on our side now!"

"I will do my best to live up to expectations."

"Hey, girls, Yusuke is-...uh..." Ryuji stopped mid-sentence.

The boys stared.

"Oh, Lady Ann, please forgive me, I am just a foolish girl with foolish ideas," Nanako
pleaded. Ann sat on a bench while Nanako stood behind her, brushing her hair like a maid
waiting on a great lady.

"I'm still very dehydrated, Nanako," Ann said, her nose tipped in the air imperiously, her
arms crossed.

"Of course, Lady Ann! Right away, allow me to get you a refreshment!"

Nanako rushed over and jammed yen into the vending machine, retrieving several cans. She
ran back over to Ann and knelt, presenting each can until she found one she liked.

"I suppose this one shall do..."

"My apologies, Lady Ann, that this vending machine has such paltry beverages for your
sophisticated palette. When we return to Shibuya, I shall treat you to crepes. No, ice cream!
Or perhaps both?"

"Hmph. We'll see. And I never want to see this bear suit again!"



"Of course, Lady Ann!"

"Dude...what the hell?" Ryuji whispered to Ren. Ren shrugged.

It looked like Nanako was having fun with the apologizing, in an odd way.

He couldn't help but smile a little bit as he adjusted his glasses.

Chapter End Notes

Hey thanks for all your kind comments! I really read all of them, and I want to respond
to them all, but sometimes there's too many, and also sometimes I'm just way too
tempted to answer your questions or theories and then spoil stuff, so I just have to read
them and treasure them in my heart and then thank you in bulk. Which seems weak, but
I really don't want to ruin my plans. And some of you are REALLY GOOD
GUESSERS!

But I do get nervous when I post some chapters so it's a relief when you all who
comment all the time tell me you like it. It's like one comment said, this thing has grown
bigger than I could have imagined, and so I want to keep giving this great story to you.
So thank you for all the comments!

I was looking forward to these chapters so much - Ann in the Teddie suit of course, but
also Yusuke's awakening. Yusuke has one of the best social link/confidants in the game,
but I still think there's a lot of interesting nuance that can be explored in his relationship
with Madarame, so I'm glad you're all enjoying the choices I've made so far!

Anyway, I know I just keep saying thank you, but honestly, thank you. I love writing
this, and knowing that you're all getting something out of it makes it worth while.



Chapter 212: 5/27 - Evening
Chapter Summary

Group chat.

-=8 DAYS UNTIL LEGAL ACTION=-

Nanako juggled between two text threads.

On the one end was the Phantom Thieves, making plans for the next few days.

On the other was Sano.

SANO: Hey, Nanako! A photograph friend of mine is going to be in town tomorrow and
she's perfect for taking a picture of you and Takamaki.

SANO: It's perfect timing too, since I just finished Takamaki's corset. You available?

Nanako switched to the other thread.

RYUJI: Well we gotta know what he can do, and show him the basics, right? So
Mementos makes the most sense to me.

RYUJI: Plus we got that request from Mishima, right?

REN: Makes sense to me.

Crap, crap, crap. Nanako opened a third thread.

NANAKO: We can't go to Mementos tomorrow! We need to do that favor for Sano! But
don't tell Ren we're doing a favor for Sano!

ANN: Eh? Seriously!? Tomorrow?

ANN: That's kinda crappy timing, Nanako, we don't have a lot of time before the exhibit
ends.

NANAKO: I know, I know, I'm sorry, but we don't really need to be there right? The
boys can handle it.

ANN: I guess. Besides, this will give you the opportunity to continue to pay me back.

ANN: So many dress-up favors for you in such a close amount of time, after all...



NANAKO: D:

Well, she supposed she deserved that. But Nanako already had an idea on how she could pay
back Ann, so that wasn't an issue.

ANN: Sorry boys, I need Nanako tomorrow. You can all take Yusuke in. It'll be a boy's
trip.

RYUJI: The hell!? You just said you were free!

ANN: Just take him to Mementos and train him, will you? It's not like you need all of us
anyway.

REN: If it can't be helped, it can't be helped. We'll take Yusuke in.

REN: Have fun with whatever it is you're doing tomorrow.

Nanako sighed with relief. She sent messages to Ann and to Sano - the first to thank her, the
second to finalize the plans.

Then she let out a breath. Being a Phantom Thief could be stressful!

Pi pi pi.

REN: Hey, I'm still in Shibuya. Hungry?

NANAKO: Starved, my big bro isn't here and so unmotivated to cook right now. I'll be
right down.

Nanako felt a new surge of energy. Maybe it was time for her bond with Ren to grow.

--

"Nng...burp...I...help..."

"That thing was twice as large as the last one!" Morgana said, his voice a mixture of awe and
terror.

Nanako sighed.

"Why do I keep falling for this..."

It took all of her kindness not to thrash the boy in the stomach and make him have his own
big bang.



Chapter 213: 5/28 - Morning
Chapter Summary

White Center.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

-=8 DAYS UNTIL LEGAL ACTION=-

"How many of you have heard of the English phrase 'beauty is in the eye of the beholder?'"
Chuono-sensei said at the front of the class. A few students raised their hands, including
Nanako.

"Would you explain the meaning of the phrase, Dojima-san? In English, please."

"It means that beauty is subjective. One person might find something to be beautiful, but
someone else might find it repulsive," Nanako said in English.

"Repulsive? Good word, Dojima-san, you're improving," Chuno-sensei said in English before
switching back into Japanese. "But yes, that is correct, it is another one of those English
idioms that is pervasive in the language. One way to remember the meaning is to think of the
actual art world. In art, there's something called 'provenance' which means that a piece of art's
value is increased not by the actual beauty of the art, but by who owned it previously."

She threw a hand back through her hair, preening, as usual.

"There was once a piece of artwork, Rothko's White Center which was originally valued
under 10,000 dollars. It was then purchased by American businessman David Rockefeller,
and when it was sold again at auction it was valued at 72 million, just because Rockefeller
had owned it."

"Man, it's almost as if being a successful artist is all about manipulating cognition," Morgana
said from his perch inside Ren's desk.

"Yeah. Madarame's too good at it, though. It's time for his influence to end," Ren said quietly.

Nanako felt her knowledge raise.

Chapter End Notes



I hope you're all studying for the next exam.



Chapter 214: 5/28 - After School
Chapter Summary

Smolder.

"Ah, you're here!"

Sano lit up as Ann and Nanako arrived at the leather shop. He had already changed out of his
uniform, and he looked really nervous. He motioned to someone standing behind him.

"This is my friend, Moriko Miura. She's a cosplay photographer. One of the best around!"

Nanako observed Moriko for a moment. She had to be about their same age, but she too had
changed out of her school uniform. She wore instead large black platform boots with two
inch soles that laced up to her knees over yellow and white striped stockings. She had a
gothic-lolita style dress that reminded Nanako a bit of a traditional maid's outfit, but with way
more lace, and was a pastel yellow instead of black. She had pastel blue eyeshadow, bright
red lips, and her hair was a silvery-purple. She had a huge professional camera around her
neck and smiled brightly.

"Dojima-san, Takamaki-san, it's very nice to meet you, Sato-kun has told me all about you,"
she said with a bow. "I'm especially honored to work with you, Takamaki-san. You're a
professional model, after all!"

"Oh, you're too kind. And you're gorgeous, so I don't know why they need me," Ann said
sweetly. "Did you make that outfit yourself?"

"Ah, I did," Moriko said coyly.

"It's amazing," Ann said.

"Well, uh, we better get started," Sano said nervously. Everything is in the back, Takamaki-
san. Let me know if something doesn't fit. Of course, Moriko can help too, if you'd rather.
Nanako, did you bring your outfit?"

"Yep, whole thing," Nanako said.

"Great, great, I'll just be...here..."

"Hey, Sano," Nanako said. "Relax a little, okay? It's going to be fun!"

He took a deep breath and smiled, looking a bit more relieved. Ann and Nanako head into the
back, where Ann's outfit was laid out. Ann had brought her own blue jeans, but the boots and



corset were both made by Sano. Ann had brought a duffle bag and unzipped it, then started
undressing and folding each piece of clothing and setting it in her bag. Nanako started doing
the same.

Nanako was pretty used to changing into this outfit by now, so it didn't take long - all she
needed was to not use her big bro's glasses. She also had the pair of Adios shoes she got from
Tanaka that had completed the outfit perfectly. Nanako looked every bit the part of Kira, the
character she portrayed from Library Chicks.

Nanako looked at Ann. She had just finished making the final adjustments on her corset and
was checking herself out in the mirror. Her outfit was a lot move involved - since the corset
was sleeveless and strapless, she had to go bra-less to make it work. She made some
adjustments to the position of her breasts.

"Huh," Ann said. "This is...really good..."

"Is it comfortable?"

"Yeah, it is, actually. I mean, maybe I've just gotten way too used to the cat suit in the
metaverse, but honestly this is impressive for leather to be this supple and form fitting and
breathable all at once. Do I look like I'm popping out of this?"

"I mean...I think it's popping out just the right amount?"

"Yes, exactly! Sano really is pretty talented....and damn, I look hot."

An idea struck Nanako and in a rare flurry of impulsivity, decided to act on it without
thinking it through. Ann posed and stretched and worked on brushing her hair while Nanako
stealthily executed her plan.

"Ann, pose for me!" Nanako called out. Ann turned and did just that, thrusting one hip out,
turning her graceful curves into a pleasing shape with practiced poise. She winked and blew
Nanako a kiss.

Ca-click!

"H-hey!"

Nanako hit buttons as fast as she could.

"What are you doing?! Don't take pictures of me with your phone!"

"I didn't, this is your phone," Nanako said, handing it back to her.

"Oh. Well, I mean I guess I want to see what it looks like- WHAT THE HELL NANAKO!"

Ann had seen it now. Nanako had taken a picture.

Then opened her messenger app.



Then sent the picture.

To Shiho.

"She'll like it!" Nanako said. Ann narrowed her eyes.

"This is unacceptable," she growled. "But...turnabout is bear play, right?"

"Um...wh-what do you mean by that...?"

Ann set her hand sweetly on Nanako's shoulder.

"Oh, don't worry. I have an idea."

"C-can you go back to yelling at me, this is actually scarier..."

Ann led Nanako to the front. Sano and Moriko both dropped their jaws.

"You two look amazing! Just like the characters!" Moriko said.

"Is everything fitting well, Takamaki-san?" Sano asked.

"Yes, it's great! You did an amazing job, Sano. You're extremely talented, and I hope we can
show it off well."

"Oh, believe me, you're both stunning, it's the best my work has ever looked," Sano said.

Nanako thought she saw a glower flicker across Moriko's face a moment.

Pi pi pi, Ann's phone chimed.

"Oh, do you need to check that?" Moriko asked.

"Um...well..."

Pi pi pi. Pi pi pi. Pi pi pi.

"I'll uh. Read those after we're done. I don't want to lose my focus. It's a modeling
concentration thing."

"Of course, I understand. Well, will you two follow me?"

The four them left the store, to Nanako's surprise. Though now that she thought about it, she
supposed that taking a picture in a leather shop wasn't exactly thematically appropriate for the
post-apocolyptic story of LIbrary Chicks. Nanako wondered a moment if Ann was going to
be overly self-conscious walking in the street in the corset, but she had seemingly switched
into "model mode" - nothing seemed to phase her. She was completely concentrated on the
shoot and how to do it well.

It reminded Nanako of when Rise was in "idol mode." It was like the air around her shifted
into something that Nanako couldn't understand, as if creativity was electrifying the air.



They walked to a cramped alleyway, where trashcans and metal oil drums had been arranged
ahead of time. There was also a battery pack and a bunch of lights positioned all around.
Nanako and Ann were instructed to stand by the dirty brick wall and wait there while Moriko
set to work adjusting lights and taking a lot of measurements with her camera. Then she took
a couple of "sample shots" before digging out her makeup bag and applying some on Ann
first, then Nanako.

"You have such nice skin," Moriko said.

"You're so nice...do you work with Sano a lot?"

"Mm, I've seen him around at conventions, but this is the first time we've worked
together...I've been suggesting to him for years he do cosplay work with leather, so I was
excited when he told me he was finally doing it. But I know this is really important that it
comes out well, so I'm pulling out all the stops. I'm going to work the hardest I can to make
his dream come true."

Nanako could see the stars in Moriko's eyes. Nanako glanced Sano, though, who seemed to
be staring not Moriko or Ann....but at Nanako. Nanako turned away and focused back on
Moriko.

"Well. I hope he appreciates you."

"I hope so too."

**

It turned out that Nanako was not a natural model.

While Ann navigated every pose perfectly, it took Moriko, Sano, and Ann three minutes
every time to shove Nanako's body around to make the positions they wanted. It was
embarrassing at first for Nanako to feel so blatantly un-feminine. It was like she had no
charm at all, no ability to seduce or to turn her body into a work of art. But she was starting
to feel like she was getting the hang of it a little bit near the end.

Sano started to relax as the pictures were taken. Moriko fell into a work routine as well,
stopping to make adjustments here and there before showing them the photos. Apparently
these pictures weren't even the final product and needed some further processing, but they
were still some of the best pictures Nanako had ever taken.

After they had posed together, Moriko and Sano wanted some of just Ann, which they flew
through. She really was an amazing talent.

Then it was Nanako's turn.

They did a few action poses at first, which Nanako found pretty easy since they were similar
to the poses she struck in the Metaverse.

"Okay, put the book down and tip the hat up a little bit so we can see your face," Moriko said.
Nanako did so. Ann walked over to Moriko and whispered something into her air, to which



she nodded.

Uh oh.

"Okay let the jacket roll off your right shoulder a bit...yeah, just like that. Then just a little bit
off the left shoulder...Ann, can you-"

"Yep, on it," Ann said. Somewhere in the photoshoot, Moriko and Ann had fallen into a first-
name basis. Ann slid the jacket off Nanako's shoulders just so, then grabbed her hips and
shoulders, tipping them this way and that. She then put one foot between Nanako's legs and
shoved them to shoulder width apart, then ran back to Moriko's side.

"Oooh, that's good," she said.

"Now we just got to get the eyes right," Ann said. "Smolder, Nanako!"

"I...okay..."

Nanako tried to smolder.

"That's not a smolder! Smolder!"

"I am!"

"No you're not! SMOLDER!"

"I don't know what that means I guess!"

"Okay, just...picture him standing right here...and you're going to melt him with sexiness.
Just, take all the sexiness you have in your soul and weaponize it through your eyes and turn
him into a puddle."

"I don't have any sexiness in my soul," Nanako said.

"Of course you do!" Ann said.

"You can do it!" Moriko said.

"You're definitely sexy, especially in that pose," Sano said.

Pained agony flashed across Moriko's face again.

It was only then that Nanako realized how...provocative, Ann had posed her. It was pretty
sexy, she supposed. But, empowering sexy? Was that a thing? All she knew was that it wasn't
so bad to stand there like that, and maybe if she focused hard enough she could
smolder....like, summoning a Persona and casting Agi.

She pictured Ren, standing there with his cocky, sexy Joker smile, looking so bemused and
otherworldy, as if nothing in the world could bother him. But she'd seem him flustered before



- not by much, and not for long, but it was possible. Could she do it? Could she summon
what paltry amounts of sexiness she had in her soul and use it to smolder him?

She shut her eyes and focused.

Then she smoldered.

Ca chick, ca chick, ca chick!

Moriko took a flurry of pictures.

But so did Ann!

"No, wait!" Nanako called out, realizing Ann was using Nanako's phone.

But it was too late. Turnabout was fair play. Nanako understood now as she watched
helplessly as Ann sent the picture to Ren.

They finished the photo session and Ann and Nanako helped Moriko and Sano clean up all
the equipment and bring it back to the shop. Nanako and Ann changed again.

Neither of them looked at their phones.

"I don't know how to thank you two," Sano said, bowing deeply. "You were both amazing.
This might actually work thanks to you!"

"Moriko was a huge help too," Nanako said.

"Yeah, a good model is nothing without a great photographer. You did great, Moriko. You're
as good as any professional I've worked with," Ann said.

"Thank you so much, that means a lot."

"Mm, thanks Moriko," Sano said to her. It was a simple thanks, but it seemed to light up
Moriko's entire world.

"Well, let us know when the pictures are done, I want copies for sure," Ann said.

"Yes. And it's getting late, but let's celebrate when they're done," Nanako said. "The four of
us!"

"That sounds fun!" Ann said. Moriko nodded shyly and Sano agreed too, though he seemed
nervous as well. They said their goodbyes.

Nanako and Ann walked to the train station.

Silently.

Not a word between them.



There was a knotting twist of guilt rolling through Nanako's chest. She had put Ann through a
lot lately - maybe to the point of over-stretching their friendship. And then she went ahead
and took that picture...it was too far.

"I'm sorry, I'm a bad friend," Nanako blurted out, overcome by the intensity of her guilt. "I
shouldn't have done that, especially after all you've done for me lately, and I really don't
deserve your-"

"Relax, Nanako," Ann said, sighing. "It's fine. I...honestly I wanted to send that to Shiho, but
I was nervous. I still am. I mean...I don't know if she likes me, I don't know if she likes
girls..."

"I know, I'm so sorry."

"I'm kinda glad you sent it but I'm too scared to look at what she texted back."

"Same," Nanako said. "Assuming you sent it to Ren."

Ann winced. "Yeah, I did...sorry."

"It's okay. Turnabout is fair play, right?"

Ann shrugged.

They sat on the bench and waited for the train.

"Hey...how about we check each other's phones?" Ann suggested. Nanako nodded and they
traded. She opened the messenger on Ann's phone.

 

SHIHO: WHAT

SHIHO: WHAT IS THIS?

SHIHO: Is this for a modeling job???

SHIHO: Annie, this is sooooo hoooooooot!

"Annie?" Nanako said. Ann dove across and snatched the phone out of her hands.

"Oh no, she really said that...oh...oh. Hm. She likes it."

"She more than likes it, Ann," Nanako said.

"Well...I mean she could just be being really supportive. She's always been like that."

Nanako rolled her eyes. "And I suppose Ren is just being supportive too? What'd he write on
mine."

"Oh, wait, Nanako, you should-"



 

REN: Nice.

"Nice? Nice?! What does that mean!? Nice! It's more than nice!"

"Maybe he didn't mean it like 'nice,' maybe he meant it like niiiiiiiiiiice," Ann said.

Nanako crossed her arms and frowned.

"Well, he was in Mementos, maybe he didn't have time to really look at it?"

Nanako frowned more.

--

SOCIAL LINK RANK UP

Strength: Satoichi Sano

Level 4



Chapter 215: 5/28 - Evening
Chapter Summary

Bros.

Chapter Notes

Omg.

So atdauthor22 made A TV TROPES PAGE FOR THE FIC!

https://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Fanfic/StealTheTruthReachOutForYourHeart

They requested people add on if they feel like it.

Thank you so much, atdauthor22. I've always wanted something I've made to end up on
TVTropes, so you've literally made a dream come true.

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Ryuji yawned and rolled his shoulder as he tromped up to the third floor. The training session
in Mementos had been useful, and pretty fun. Yusuke was a quick learner, but there was a lot
more to cover than he realized.

Being a Phantom Thief was kinda tough work. But it was the best work he'd ever done.
Better than school, that was for damn sure, and even better than being in track.

But he was pretty bushed.

He fumbled around with his keys and opened the door to his apartment. To his surprise, the
aroma of ramen washed over him. His stomach growled immediately.

"Ma, I'm home," Ryuji called out, taking his shoes off. He walked through their small living
room and into the kitchen, where his mother was cooking.

Ma was as stereotypical a middle-aged woman as you could imagine. She had changed out of
her business suit, though, and was wearing a comfortable t-shirt and sweatpants with her
apron over. She still had deep bags under her eyes, which seemed to only get darker every
day.

Ryuji hated them.



He wandered into the kitchen and leaned over to kiss his mom on the cheek.

"Dinner will be ready soon. You're getting in late..." she said.

"Just out with some friends," Ryuji said. "I'll go change."

He wandered into his room, dropped his book bag by the door and got himself out of his
uniform, changing into shorts and a tank-top. He was absolutely ravenous now, and even
though Ma was hardly the best cook in the world, he was grateful for everything she ever
made for him.

Pi pi pi

Ryuji grabbed his phone.

REN: Hey do you have a color printer? Something that prints high quality photos?

RYUJI: No? Why would I have something like that?

REN: Oh. I guess so. Sorry.

RYUJI: If you need a picture, just take it to 777 or Junes or something, they got
printers.

REN: Oh, right. I forgot about that.

RYUJI: What do you need to print a picture for anyway? Why not just look at it on your
phone?

RYUJI: Wait, is it a hot girl or something?

REN: Hm. Yeah it might be awkward if she saw it on the wall, huh...

RYUJI: EH!? She? What are you talking about!?

REN: Nevermind.

Ryuji texted a few more times, but Ren didin't answer. He tried to figure out what he meant
for a few more seconds, but decided to let it go. Bros didn't pry, and Ren was definitely his
bro.

Hell, he might be his best friend.

"Ryuji, dinner's ready."

"Comin'."

Chapter End Notes



Also, I forgot to mention this on the last chapter, but I think literally the most unrealistic
thing about this story so far is that Nanako and Ann don't lock their phones.



Chapter 216: 5/28 - Night
Chapter Summary

Bird Cage

"Ara Mitama!"

The Chariot card shattered and the angry red magatama-shaped Persona appeared just above
Chie's head, catching the swinging chandelier before it crashed into her.

Nanako held it in place as long as she could, but the force of the blow was tremendous. Ara
Mitama stopped the momentum of the chandelier, but it wouldn't take another hit. She
doubled over from the exertion, and the Persona started to flicker, losing its cohesion.

Wait. Nanako didn't have control over the Chariot arcana. She'd tried to pull that out of the
Compendium before, but she never could.

This was another memory, Nanako realized.

Nanako, from Yu's perspective, managed to bring herself to her feet.

"Chie let me know. She won't take me away. She won't save me," came Yukiko's voice
through the great hall. It was distorted, the voice of a shadow. Nanako looked and saw that
next to the rising chandelier was Yukiko from her high school years, dressed in a kimono. At
the end of the hall, at the top of a flight of stairs, was another Yukiko dressed in a queenly
dress, yellow eyes glowing through a thin layer of fog.

The chandelier swung down again. Chie dove left while Nanako dove right. A persona swept
in behind them - a frog ninja. The name "Jiraiya" leapt into Nanako's mind - it was Yosuke's
Persona. Jiraiya was incredibly fast, but not as strong as the Ara Mitama. It tried to catch the
chandelier, but was instead slammed against the wall and pinned in place. Yosuke doubled
over in pain.

"I didn't ask for any of this! To be stuck in a pathetic relic of an inn, to have every moment of
my life defined for me!"

"No, that's not true! That's all lies!" Yukiko in the kimono cried out.

"No!" Yosuke called out.

"Don't say it!" Nanako yelled.

"You're not me!"



The next few moments were a blur. The shadow Yukiko transformed into a deformed bird
with a too-long neck and bright red feathers. It flicked its wings in deadly strikes, sending
shimmering feathers at her and Yosuke that burst into flames. It was everything Nanako
could do to keep on her feet and out of the way of the flames. She kept glancing at Yosuke,
who was not doing much better.

But where was Chie?

Chie stood in the center of the conflagration, looking up at Yukiko who was now held in a
gilded cage. She was...telling Yukiko something, but the words were muffled, whether
because of the roaring flames or because this wasn't Nanako's memory, she wasn't sure.

The bird swooped down with a gout of flame. Chie summoned Tomoe and kicked up a wall
of ice to absorb the fire, filling the room with steam. The steam cloud was enough to confuse
Shadow Yukiko, and Jiraiya came zipping through it, landing a dozen blows into the shadow
before it could regain its composure.

"Pyro Jack!" Nanako called, smashing another card. The pumpkin persona flew upward and
held out its lantern to absorb the next several blasts of fire that Shadow Yukiko let loose.

"You're right...I had the strength all along," Yukiko said from the cage. She reached forward
and pushed on the bars. They burst apart, freeing her from inside. Chie rushed forward to
catch her.

"Yosuke, quick!" Nanako ordered.

"On it, bro!" Again, Jiraiya zipped through the air faster than any persona Nanako had ever
seen. It appeared behind Shadow Yukiko and started pummeling, knocking it downward. As
it started to shoot flames out frantically, Nanako was there to absorb every single one.

"Satonaka! Finish it off!" Nanako called out. Chie set Yukiko aisde and started her bouncing
stance, looking up at the falling Shadow.

"Tomoe! Galactic punt!"

She and her Persona lashed out with a powerful upwards spin kick. The blow connected
perfectly at the breastbone, sending the shadow up into the ceiling, its form flickering and
glitching. Chie and Yosuke stepped back and watched as the bird crashed to the ground, then
dissolved back into the shape of the princess.

It stood there quietly, staring at Yukiko.

"I understand now," Yukiko said quietly. "You're right...I did think all of those things. I
pushed them deep down because I didn't want to upset anyone, especially my family, but that
was how I felt inside. I kept looking at the world, waiting for someone to reach out and save
me...and yet, by doing that, I didn't even realize how my best friend felt."

"Yukiko, no, it's okay..."



"It's not okay, Chie. I was waiting for you to save me, I wondered if Narukami would save
me...but the only person that can change my life is myself, if that's what I want. But I can't do
that if I can't even admit I want to change it."

Yukiko turned to her Shadow self.

"I'm sorry I didn't listen to you before...you're right...you are me."

The princess closed her eyes with a serene expression on her face, and bowed.

Then, she transformed. She rose into the air and bloomed in a bright light - not into the
deformed bird, but into a beautiful bird-warrior, a goddess of fire and flight.

Nanako woke up.



Chapter 217: 5/29 - Early Morning
Chapter Summary

Plans

-=7 DAYS UNTIL LEGAL ACTION=-

NANAKO: Can we talk today? I have something I can't figure out.

REN: Sure. There's actually somewhere I've been wanting to go, if you don't mind
checking it out with me after school.

NANAKO: Yeah that's fine.

Nanako slurped more coffee. There was a small plate of breakfast she had made herself, as
well, but her appetite was non-existent. So many thoughts were running through her head
from the last night's dream, she wasn't sure how to put all of it into perspective. Maybe
talking it over with Ren and Morgana would help, and she kept telling herself to let it go until
then, but her mind wouldn't stop cranking away.

Just as Naoto had said, sometimes the puzzle solving brain didn't know how to stop-

Pi pi pi

"Hello? Nanako answered.

"Hi Nanako, it's Yukiko."

"Oh! Yukiko...what's up?" Nanako felt her heart racing. Hearing her voice triggered all those
thoughts all over again, even though her voice was no longer that of the quiet and hesitant
teen, but that of a mature mother and business owner.

"...you called me, remember? I'm calling you back."

"Oh! Oh! That's right! I almost forgot! Have you talked to my big bro recently?"

"Mm, no not for a couple of weeks, why?"

"Well I need your help with something. Well, actually he needs it. I guess we both need it.
But it's a secret! A huge secret, so you can't tell anyone!"

"Okay...what is it?"



"Yu is going to propose to Rise soon in Inaba, and I want to set up a big engagement party at
the Amagi Inn! Well, assuming you have space and time for that. And I'm sure Yu can pay,
too, or if not, I'll pay some, I have a job now that pays pretty well and -"

"Oh, so he finally picked a ring, hm? That is big news! Okay, well when you get a sense of
when he's going to do it, please call me right away and I'll see what is available...hm, we'll
need to make sure everyone can come, though..."

"I know, I know, but I'll handle that part, you have to keep this a secret, okay!"

"...Nanako, he took all of us to look at the ring options, I'm sure no one will be surprised.
Least of all Rise."

"You don't know that! Don't ruin this!" Nanako said.

Yukiko laughed on the other end. "Very well, very well, I'll keep it a secret, for what good
that will do. Oh, by the way, I'll be in Tokyo soon. Id' love for you to come with all of us
when we go to look at the possible second location."

"Oh right, I almost forgot about that. Yes, I'll definitely be there."



Chapter 218: 5/29 After School
Chapter Summary

Ferris wheel.

Chapter Notes

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ap1Xe23ji20

You'll know when to start it.

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Nanako was surprised that they were able to get two seats on the train. She sat with Ren,
squished closely to him from the crush of the commuting crowd, their legs touching side by
side.

She was surprised about how un-nervous she was about this. Yes, there was a flutter in her
heart and a pulsing sense of excitement, but it wasn't nerves. At least, she didn't think of it
that way. She wasn't sure how to label it, but the bouncy, butterfly feeling was
actually...pleasant.

And he smelled so good. Mostly coffee, but with distant hints of curry.

"Where are we going, anyway?" she asked.

"Odaiba Seaside Park," Ren said. "I read about it in a magazine and I've wanted to check it
out since. Have you been there?"

"I don't think so," Nanako said. "Tokyo's so huge, it doesn't matter how many times I visited,
it always seemed like there was more to see."

"It's different living here," Ren said.

"Yes. Do you...like it?"

"I don't know," he said. "I've made some good friends and...well, our other activities keep us
pretty busy. I don't know how I would feel if I was just living here having a normal life.
But...I imagine the circumstances behind why I'm here would put a pretty big damper on the
experience."



"Oh," Nanako said. She often forgot that the reason Ren was here in the first place was so
complicated. It was fun to live out their secret lives as Phantom Thieves, and school felt like
school, but the reality was that Ren had this giant shadow looming over his life. A criminal
record in Japan was hard to bounce back from, and if he didn't get through his probation
cleanly, his options would be limited.

"It's okay. It's not your fault. Besides, I've made great friends. And our...club activities, have
made things a lot more meaningful."

The train came to a stop and they exited the station and walked down the street.

"Hey, hey," Morgana said, finally popping his head out of Ren's bag. "I'm getting pretty
hungry. Can we get something?"

Ren glanced at Nanako.

"I don't mind. I could go for a snack, too."

They found a taiyaki vendor and bought a bunch, then sat together on a bench near the
bridge, overlooking the bay. Morgana sat between them with his taiyaki set on a paper.
Nanako took a bite - the warm red bean was sweet and the pastry was flakey and crispy.

"Wow, this is good!"

"You never know with street food, do you? Could be the best, could be the worst."

"We gotta remember that guy's face," Nanako insisted.

They ate for a few more moments. It was a nice day with the breeze from the sea cooling off
the sunny afternoon.

"What did you want to talk about?" Ren asked.

"I had a dream," Nanako said.

She explained what she could: she'd been having dreams about what she thought was the
past, about Yu's excursions into the Metaverse. She still didn't mention the Compendium
outright, nor Margaret - the instinct that told her to keep those things secret was still strong.
But she relayed everything else that she could think of: the battle with the shadow in what
she could only describe as a "palace." And what happened to Yukiko's shadow in the end.

"She accepted it? That...doesn't make a lot of sense," Morgana said. "In fact it goes against
everything we know about shadows and palaces."

"I know, I know, but...what if we're wrong? We thought about this before, didn't we? We don't
know that palaces are only created by strong distortions and evil desires. What if it's just
created by powerful emotion? Yukiko's desire to leave Inaba isn't really a distortion, but it
was a strong desire that she was fighting within herself. By accepting it, it lost power. And
when we defeated Kamoshida, that shadow seemed to accept its fate as well."



"Are you suggesting that there's another way to handle the shadows other than stealing the
treasure?" Ren asked.

"I...I don't know. With people like Kamoshida and Madarame, maybe not. After all, Yukiko
was about our age when that happened...maybe it has something to do with being an adult?"
Nanako suggested.

"She was also inside her own palace," Morgana pointed out. "That isn't something we've
tried, nor do I think we should. Besides, how would we do that? Pin Madarame down and
force him in with us with the Metaverse App?"

"I don't know if we can or should change what we're doing," Nanako said. "I just...thought it
was interesting. And maybe important."

Morgana rose up on all fours and stretched.

"I'm going for a walk."

He hopped down from the bench and darted away. Nanako got up.

"Wait, Morgana, I-"

A hand closed around her wrist.

"Let him go," Ren said.

"But..."

"I know," he said. "Morgana told me about what you two talked about...it's not your fault.
You're just sharing what you know. You're not trying to make him feel bad about his
situation. It doesn't mean it isn't going to upset him. Just give him some space."

"Okay," Nanako relented. "You know him best."

Ren released her wrist and stood. "So, you wanna see this thing?"

"Huh? I thought this was the thing."

"This? No way, this is just a park bench by the water, we could've gone a hundred places for
that. That is the thing."

He pointed behind her. Nanako turned.

"The ferris wheel?"

"Yeah. I want to ride it. Will you come with me?"

"O-oh! Yes, I'd love to."

"Great."



He smiled. Not the crafty and cunning Joker smile, but the rare sunshiney Ren smile that only
peaked out from those curly haired clouds every so often. Nanako immediately felt her heart
leap up into her throat.

Before she knew it, Nanako and Ren were seated in semi-circular red seat that was
surprisingly soft. The wheel turned slowly and steadily, raising them above the Tokyo
skyline. The sun shone down, making the buildings and water glimmer.

"It's beautiful," Nanako said. "I've never seen it all from so high up."

"Mm," Ren said. Nanako turned to glance at him.

"You took your glasses off," Nanako said.

"You like it better that way, right?"

Nanako felt her cheeks flush. "Yes. If you don't mind."

"Not with you."

He shifted in his seat, sliding closer to her. Their knees were touching now, a single point of
contact between them that lit up like an electrical socket. Nanako felt her heart beating in
every inch of her body. She forced herself to breathe a little slower.

"Can I ask you something?" Ren said.

"Sure."

"Why'd you send me that picture?"

Nanako's blush deepened. "Actually, Ann sent it. Sorry."

"Don't apologize. I really liked it."

"O-oh. That's good."

"I'm sorry I haven't been better to you," Ren said after a moment.

"What do you mean?"

"You've been so helpful to me," he said, staring off into the horizon. "Not just with the
Phantom Thieves, but with...adjusting. And reminding me of the good things of Inaba. And
keeping me in line. And always surprising me. And yet when you turn to me, I can't help you
at all. We couldn't find your friend in the Metaverse. I don't bring you coffee. And..."

"I can make my own coffee," Nanako cut in. "And finding Teddie was a long shot, I knew
that before we went in. That's a lot more complicated, and we have our own things to
solve...you don't need to be responsible for all of that."

"But I want to be," he said. "I want to fix everything for you. I want to make you..."



He trailed off, then turned to look at Nanako with this gorgeous eyes of his.

"I want to make you as happy as you've made me."

"Ren..."

He looked away, staring at the sky again. But his slid across the seat and folded over
Nanako's. Nanako turned hers, interlacing their fingers together. She thought she might faint.

"Sometimes I'm too quiet," he said. "Don't read too much into it. I just...don't know what to
say, sometimes. I think people think I'm being aloof or mysterious, but...it takes me a little
while to figure out my feelings."

"I'm okay with quiet," Nanako said.

He nodded.

Nanako leaned, resting her head on his shoulder. She let her eyes shut, drinking in his warmth
and his spicy coffee aroma.

She wasn't sure how long they sat there like that in the silence, but she never wanted it to end.

Thank you for riding the wheel. We will be stopping soon. Prepare to disembark.

Nanako sat up, jolting as if she had just woken up.

"It's over already..."

"We can go again if you want-"

Pi pi pi

Ren was interrupted by his phone. He pulled it out, then sighed.

"...sorry, but I have to go. But maybe we can come back another time?"

"Yes. I'd like that."

They exited the Ferris wheel, collected Morgana, and went home.

--

SOCIAL LINK RANK UP 
The Lovers: Ren Amamiya 

Level 4

Chapter End Notes



Sorry for the delay on this one. Been very busy and wanted to get this one juuuuuuust
right <3



Chapter 219: 5/29 - Evening
Chapter Summary

Nanako saves a pillow.

"TV time, TV time, I need me some TV time~"

Nanako sung her little song as she pushed open the door home. She was still floating from
her impromptu date with Ren. The whole thing felt like a dream, but she could still remember
the warmth of his shoulder on her cheek.

"I'm home-...uh..."

Rise sat on the couch. She was strangling a throw pillow.

"You sneaky little skanks, stay away, stay away!"

"Rise?"

"Ack!"

Rise threw the pillow into the air and spun around.

"Nanako! Hi! Sorry! I didn't hear you come in!"

"Welcome home," Nanako said. "Did the pillow betray you...?"

"No, no, nothing like that. I was just...trying to...get some negative energy out of me."

Nanako set her bag down and went into the living room. Rise looked tired and embarrassed.

"You wanna talk about it?"

"It's embarrassing. I just...got jealous again. Here, read this."

Rise handed Nanako her phone. It was open to a news article, with Yu's smiling picture in the
corner. Nanako skimmed through it. It was an article written about the Cha Cha Cherries, the
opening act to Rise's show from a couple of weeks before.

The Cha Cha Cherries are fresh on the scene, and just as delicious and refreshing as their
namesake. Though they only performed two songs, they were both high energy and delightful,
leaving this reviewer in dire need of second and third helpings.



"The heck?" Nanako said, frowning. As much as she admired her big bro for...well,
everything, she never read his articles before - at least not since he had moved from serious
news into the idol scene. He had said he found it embarrassing, so she just...didn't.

"You see that? Right there?" Rise pointed to Yu's picture in the corner. "They don't do that for
any of the other idol reporters. It's part of why he's so successful. I mean look at him with his
sexy smile and his sexy eyes and his sexy jaw and..."

"Rise, that's my big bro..."

"Oh right, sorry. My point is, the idol fan scene actually ships him with the idols that he
writes about, and he leans into that in his reviews. They're a little bit flirty and suggestive,
which keeps the fanbase ravenous, which sells more ads and articles, which helps the whole
industry."

"Huh. No wonder he found it so embarrassing..." Nanako said.

"Yes, but...he's such a good writer. I read him writing these nice things about these girls and
sometimes I get a little crazy. So to help me keep my head on straight I let the crazy out in
small bursts. Like by strangling throw pillows," Rise said. Tears glimmered in her eyes and
she pushed her palms up to catch them.

"I know, it's stupid. I'm pathetic."

"You just love him really deeply," Nanako said, sliding next to her and hugging her around
the shoulder. "You have a big heart, Rise, and big hearts feel big feelings. But the fact that
you know this about yourself and you 'let out the crazy' shows how much you trust him. I
think that's the real act of love."

Rise sniffled and laughed at the same time. "You're too wise for your age, Nanako, it's not
fair. You're supposed to be getting the love advice from me."

"I did get it from you, remember? It was great advice...in fact, something really amazing
happened today."

Rise perked up at that, and Nanako told her the story about the afternoon ferris wheel ride.

"Oh, Nanako, I'm so happy for you! He very obviously has feelings for you," Rise said.

"Yes, I think so too...but...I think I'm going to wait until he makes the first move."

"Really? Why's that?"

"I mean...I already kinda made the first big move by actually moving right? And...maybe this
is old fashioned of me, but I want him to confess to me and ask me out."

"Hey, you're entitled to want whatever you want. I feel the same way about Yu. I want to
marry him, but I don't want to ask."

It took all of Nanako's Phantom Thief-strengthened willpower to keep her face neutral.



"Then let's bring them to their knees!" Nanako announced.

"Nanako! I'm...impressed and a little frightened. But yeah! We'll tame these boys!"

They broke into laughter.

--

SOCIAL LINK RANK UP

The Magician: Rise Kujikawa

Level 2



Chapter 220: 5/30 - Afternoon, Museum of Vanity
Chapter Summary

Nanako gets a present.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

-=6 DAYS UNTIL LEGAL ACTION=-

"Split up? Is that a good idea?" Panther asked. "Won't that make us more vulnerable?"

"The opposite," Joker said. "Mona and I thought this through. There's now six of us, which is
a pretty large group to move stealthily. The maximum should be four at the lead to find the
path and clear shadows. The last two will be ready to swap as needed and to cover the rear."

"If we all go at the same time, it's more likely we'll be caught by every Shadow," Mona
added. "That will tire us out and raise the security level."

"Makes sense to me," Panther said with a nod.

"I'll do whatever you think is best," said Yusuke - or rather, Fox. Apparently the boys had
decided on his codename without the help of the girls. Nanako was surprised it was so simple
given Yusuke's...well, fondness for the poetic and artistic. But maybe that was part of the
disgusie.

"Just tell me what to hit," Skull said with a yawn.

"Angel?"

"It makes me a little nervous," Nanako admitted. "But we can try it out. My only question is
communication."

"Ah, we already worked that out," Mona said. He zipped around from thief to thief, handing
each a small black box. Nanako opened it to find a small earpiece nestled in its charging unit.
She slipped it out and put it in her ear.

"Oh hell yeah! We're really geared up now," Skull said. "Testing, testing."

"Hello?" Panther replied while touching her own ear. Nanako could hear her voice coming
through the earpiece.

"They work great," Nanako admitted. Joker strode over to her.



"I'm glad, those took forever to put together."

"You built these?" Nanako asked, surprised.

"More or less. It's complicated, I'll have to show you sometime. I've actually been working on
these since Kamoshida's palace...but I guess it would've gone a little faster had I not also been
working on this."

Joker took Nanako's hand, his red gloves sliding across her wrist in quick, liquid motions.

"My own grappling hook~!" Nanako said, holding it up to the light as if she were admiring a
piece of jewelry. "You really know how to make a girl happy."

Joker smiled. Nanako thought maybe he was blushing a little under the mask.

"Glad you like it."

"Okay leader, what's the starting line up?" Skull asked.

"Right. Fox needs more practice, so it'll start with him, Mona, and Panther. You and Angel
cover our rear."

"Sure," Skull said. Nanako felt strangely upset that she wasn't being chosen for the front
line...after all, wasn't she a wild card as well? Wasn't she just as capable as he was?

"Why not leave me with Skull?" Panther suggested. Nanako immediately took control over
her face - she must've had a look that Ann picked up on.

"You have the highest magic attack output, and we still haven't seen every shadow possible in
this palace," Joker said.

"It'll be fine," Nanako added, meeting her eyes with Panther. Panther gave a quick nod.

And they were off.

--

"You hear it?" Nanako asked Skull. He stopped and frowned.

"Mm...no?"

"It's...over there, I think. Here, stay here a second."

Nanako could have, and probably should have, radioed over to Joker. But she could handle
this. Also, she really wanted to use her grappling hook. With a flourish, she shot out the cable
and zipped up to the the second floor in one of the open galleries. From there, she found
another point and swung across to a lone hallway that didn't seem to have any accessible
stairways.

Maybe Madarame's palace itself was naturally more defensive than Kamoshida's.



When she landed on the other side, she saw it: the door covered in leaves.

The Will Seed.

She shoved it open. Madarame's whispers intensified, swirling all around her. Though they
had never been attacked in a Will Seed chamber, and she didn't sense any Shadows, she didn't
want to be in there any longer than she had to. A primal panic churned in her chest, and it
took everything she had to calmly snatch the Will Seed and exit the chamber.

She glanced over her shoulder on the way out, wondering if she would find another keyhole.

Nothing.

"Hey, I found a Will Seed," Nanako radioed.

"Really? We'll double back." Joker replied.

"Already got it," Nanako said. "You can yell at me about going alone later."

"Nah. I trust you."

That made Nanako feel nice and fluttery.

--

"I am thou!"

Fox pulled his mask to unleash the pompadour samurai again. Goemon struck with a
tremendous slash, splitting the two inugami in half. Nanako pulled her gun and finished off
the remaining Hua Po.

Joker had pulled Nanako to replace Panther about ten minutes prior. They had run into a large
shadow and Panther had gassed herself out with all of the fire she was throwing with
Carmen. Fox had insisted that he could keep going, but even Nanako could see he was
getting tired. No doubt Skull would take his place soon.

"You doing okay?" Nanako asked him while Mona and Joker searched for loot.

"Yes, I am fine. I promised the others that I would not be a burden, and I make the same
promise to you," Fox said, his tone formal and his posture taut. "And...I apologize for how I
behaved during our first few meetings."

"Actually...I want to apologize too, for slapping you. That was too far. No matter how I felt
about your behavior, it's never an excuse for violence."

"Yes, well...perhaps I was overzealous in my pursuit of beauty. I thought of Panther as an
object to be captured without thinking of the person behind it. I still have much to learn about
people..." Fox said, trailing off.

Nanako offered her hand.



"Then, let's put the past behind us and work on the future."

Fox nodded and shook her hand. "I agree. Thank you."

--

"God damnit, these stupid camels again!"

Skull kicked at the sand in frustration.

"We're definitely missing something here," Mona said.

The Phantom Thieves had regrouped to enter the paintings, but they weren't making much
progress. Joker had figured out how to pass from one painting to another, but they were
seemingly stuck in an endless loop of artwork, always returning to the desert scene.

"...might I try taking the lead?" Fox asked. "I've been thinking about the moment of my
awakening...I believe that there is a connection here to myself and this palace. As
if...somehow I have more influence over it."

"That would make sense," Mona said. "You are an important force for him, you would
obviously have influence on his cognition."

It was difficult for Nanako to describe how the painting traveling worked in the first place,
but it seemed to make even less sense once Fox took the lead. It was as if the world kept
swirling, twisting, mixing together like paint on a palette. And yet, there was a sense that
there was a connection between the paintings that Nanako didn't fully understand. It was as if
Fox knew how the works were linked together, and in turn could open the passages between
them.

Soon enough, they were standing on a scaffolding back in the palace, by the secure door they
needed to be.

"Good work," Joker said to him, patting him on the shoulder.

"Thank you," Fox said.

But there was something sad in his voice when he said it.

Chapter End Notes

You guys are seriously the best readers. I love all the conversations you guys have in the
comments about the social links and the arcanas and all of that. It's just so much fun!



Chapter 221: 5/30 - Evening
Chapter Summary

Nanako talks to Yusuke

"He seems troubled," Nanako said.

She and Ren stood at the other side of the diner, looking at the rest of the Phantom Thieves.
After the day's excursion into Madarame's palace, Ryuji had demanded they all eat. Nanako
had been ravenous, and they had eaten and talked about what they learned, and how they
were nearing the treasure. One or two more infiltrations, Morgana had said, and they would
be set.

"Of course he's troubled. His whole life has been turned upside down. On top of that, he's
learning to use his Persona, learning the rules of the Metaverse, getting to know us as a
team...it's a lot in a short amount of time," Ren said. "It doesn't help we only have a few more
days before we can make a move."

"I guess when you put it like that, it would be kind of overwhelming," Nanako admitted. "We
have been at this a while."

"We really haven't," Ren pointed out. "Just a little over a month, really."

"Is that it? It feels like we've been doing this forever..."

He smiled and adjusted his glasses. "Maybe we're all as troubled as he is, we're just moving
so quickly we haven't had time to notice it."

"Are you feeilng troubled?" Nanako asked immediately, her eyes widening with concern.

"No more than usual," he said with a smirk.

"We should do something," Nanako said. "What are you going to do for Yusuke?"

"Give him space and time to think about things."

"That's...probably a good idea," Nanako replied, shifting her weight back and forth on her
feet, squirming in place.

"You hate that idea."

"It's just not who I am," Nanako said with a sigh. "I have to do something."



"I know."

To Nanako's surprise, she felt his hand slide across the small of her back and across to her
hip. He pulled her in for a quick hug, his face resting on the back of her head.

"Good luck," he whispered. Then he slid away from her like a vapor and returned to the
booth.

The Phantom Thieves dispersed shortly after that, each heading down the steps to Central
Street. Nanako kept looking at Yusuke, seeing the cloudiness in his visage and the confusion
in his eyes.

"Hey, Yusuke," she said when they got to the street.

"Yes?"

"Do you have a minute?"

He looked confused, but he nodded. "Yes, I suppose I do."

Nanako hadn't really thought out her plan any further than that, so she decided to follow
everyone to the Shibuya crossing. Ren and Ryuji went to get their trains and Ann kept
walking on home. She led Yusuke to a bench.

The crossing was lively for a Sunday night. Crowds huddled through, trying to soak in a little
bit more nightlife and freedom before the endless march of the workweek encroached upon
them. Across from the Buchiko statue was an older politician, speaking his mind about the
youth of today. Down near the station, a man rocked out on acoustic guitar for change.

"This is quite a sight," Nanako said. "I still haven't gotten used to it. I kinda hope I never do.
There's such an energy to this place."

"You are not from Tokyo?" Yusuke asked.

"No. Yasoinaba, out past Okina City. Actually, Ren is from there too."

"I see. So you've been friends for a while."

"No, actually, not really. I mean I went to school with him and stuff, but we didn't really start
talking until February."

"Was that when you realized you were both in Tokyo?"

Nanako grimaced. "Actually, I sort of followed him here...? It's a long story, and even when I
explain the whole thing I sound a little crazy..."

"Ah, so you are in love," Yusuke stated.

"Ngh! You can't just...say that!" Nanako said, blushing furiously.



"My apologies. I didn't mean to offend. It was simply an observation. I actually am rather
unqualified to speak of matters of the heart, especially love," Yusuke replied. He turned his
attention away from Nanako and back to the crowd.

"What makes you say that?"

"Madarame, of course. It has been...strange, as of late. Even though I saw everything in the
locked room, he hasn't confronted me about it. I suppose he finds my disappearance rather
mysterious, and I suppose he's worried that I might reveal the truth...and perhaps part of him
is still acting as his shadow said - that he hopes to make me the inheritor of his...whatever
you would call that vile business. Maybe he hopes I won't mention it, and we can move past
it," Yusuke said.

"How do you feel about that?"

"Conflicted," Yusuke admitted. "What he has done is wrong, of course, but...in his own
twisted way I suppose he is looking after me. And that is extremely confusing. I always
thought of love as a pure emotion, like beauty - something that has to come from the most
sacred of places within our human hearts. But is love really capable of twisting someone in
that way? Or is it his own twisted nature that pollutes whatever love he has for me?"

"Something I've been learning lately is that humans are full of contradictions," Nanako said.
"I don't know if that helps to hear. We've only done this one other time, but the Shadow is
only part of the person...if you think that there might be good within Madarame, I believe
that too."

"It would be easier if there wasn't," Yusuke admitted.

"Yes, I agree. I'm sorry this is all happening."

The conversation lulled and the two watched more of the world pass by. Suddenly, Yusuke
turned and pulled his student bag out and set it by his feet.

"May I share something else that has been troubling me?" Yusuke asked.

"Certainly."

He reached into the bag and pulled out a sketch book. He flipped through the first third of the
book. Nanako only saw flashes of what was drawn inside, but it was impressive. Finally, he
settled on a page and handed Nanako the book.

"Take a look at the next several pages as well."

The sketchbook had a finely detailed katana drawn in it. As Nanako flipped through the
pages, it was the katana over and over again at different sizes and angles.

"This is your sword in the Metaverse," Nanako noted.

"Indeed. It is the one I painted on the wall...but the strange thing about it is, I don't know
where that sword is from," Yusuke said.



"I don't understand," Nanako admitted.

"Artists need references - other works of art to look at it to use as inspiration and comparison.
I could draw a katana from my imagination, certainly, but I would not want to. I don't know
enough about the design elements and history of katana construction, so any art I made of
one would lack a certain authenticity. And yet, I painted this very katana with surprising
precision within the Metaverse. Furthermore, I am able to draw it from every angle on
command. When I did some research, I found that this katana does adhere to real-world
design principles. In other words, it is drawn with truth and realism."

"Basically what you're saying is you can draw your sword - literally - whenever you want,
but you shouldn't be able to?"

"Exactly."

"Hm. That is pretty strange...but perhaps it's just part of your Persona? Your cognition of that
sword is so strong perhaps it has risen out of your subconscious and into the part of your
brain that does art," Nanako suggested.

"Perhaps...but it feels....stronger than that, somehow. I can't explain it, but this sword feels
important. I wish I knew."

Nanako returned the sketchbook to Yusuke.

"Yusuke...we have to really focus on changing Madarame's heart before the legal action is
initiated. But after that...I want to tell you my story. No, I want us all to tell you our stories.
Ryuji, Ann, Ren, even Morgana...we all have our own problems, our own troubles. We aren't
always able to fix them, but we are always together to support each other through them.
You're a Phantom Thief now, and I want you to feel like you can lean on us to support you.
Whether it's Madarame or the mystery of this sword or whatever else comes up. I want you to
be our friend."

Yusuke blinked several times and took a breath to compose himself.

"Yes, I would like that very much."

Nanako stuck out her hand. Yusuke shook it.

Then Yusuke gasped.

"What's wrong?" Nanako asked.

"I...spent too much on food...I don't have enough for train fare."

Nanako laughed and started digging around for her wallet.

"See? Here to support you through everything."

--

SOCIAL LINK RANK UP




Fortune: Yusuke Kitagawa

Level 1



Chapter 222: 5/30 - Night
Chapter Summary

Nanako gets a phone call.

"Nope, not gonna happen tonight, Tanaka," Nanako mumbled from the couch. She was
hugging one of the throw pillows while in her pajamas. Though she was physically exhausted
from the day, her mind was still unwinding. So, TV, and thus, Tanaka.

"On sale today, the Muscle Up, Bulk Up, Bulk Box! Get 30 cartons of protein for this low, low
price! Sure to bring your muscles to maximum power!"

"See, you have nothing to offer me, no temptations at all," Nanako taunted.

"And our last item is this exquisite set of 'Sweets from Around the World'! This deluxe box of
sweets contains carefully freeze-dried delicacies from every corner of the globe, sure to
delight the sweet lover in your life!"

Hmm. Nanako wasn't particularly interested in that, but Ann would love that...and she sorta
owed Ann a lot right now...

"Damnit Tanaka," Nanako mumbled as she started dialing in her order. It only took a couple
of minutes to complete the order process - she was getting a little too good at ordering from
him. Money spent, and Tanaka's program over, Nanako finally got up to slump off to bed.

Pi pi pi

Nanako frowned.

"Dad?" she said.

"Hey Nanako, I didn't wake you did I?"

"Uh, no, I was just about to go to bed. Is everything okay?"

"Yes, yes, there's nothing wrong, I just thought I'd...check in. See if you were doing okay."

Actually, it was nice to hear her dad's voice. All of the talk about fathers had made her miss
her own. She walked to her room and closed the door, then sat on her bed.

"Yeah, things are going fine. Tell mom thanks again for the care package, it was really good."

"I will. She mentioned you were helping out a friend. Is your friend okay?"



"Oh, yes, she's doing fine now. It was just...teenager stuff."

"Ah, good," he said. "I'm glad you were there for her."

Something twitched in Nanako's ears. There was a slight emphasis on the word her. It was
very slight, almost unnoticeable.

"...did you think I was helping out Ren?" Nanako asked.

"Ren is it now? Last time we talked he was just Amamiya."

Nanako frowned, embarrassed. She was too tired to be mentally sparring her dad like this, he
was too quick and too used to being exhausted.

"He's my friend, dad. Friends are sometimes on a first name basis."

"That's quite true," he said. "It's interesting you brought him up because...I was thinking
about him a bit. What do you know about him, Nanako?"

"What do you mean by that? Like, what's his favorite ice cream?"

"No, I mean more like...what kind of person he is, what his values are. Did you know that his
parents are circus performers?"

"Are you investigating him?"

"What? No, not investigating, I didn't use any police resources. I know you think I'm a
troglodyte, Nanako, but I do know how to use Google."

"Okay, so they're performers, so what? Is that supposed to mean something?" Nanako asked,
trying to keep the anger out of her voice.

"No, not necessarily. But it might. I just want to make sure that you're...you know..."

"No, dad, I don't. Spell it out for me," Nanako said.

"Look, Nanako, sometimes guys are only interested in one thing, and I just want to make sure
that...you know, you're being careful. And you don't end up in a bad situation."

"Seriously, dad?" Nanako sighed. "Why do you have to be so paranoid about this?"

"Why are you always so defensive every time I bring this up?"

"Because you should be able to trust me."

"I do trust you. Does that mean I should stop asking questions? Does that mean I should stop
being concerned? Does that mean you want me to stop bringing things to your attention
because I don't know if you've thought of them or not?"

Nanako felt stopped in her tracks. Partly because he was right, but partly because he was
being so calm about it. Dad must have really thought through everything he wanted to say.



Not only that, he must have predicted how Nanako would react...and that was a little
embarrassing. He was right, she was very defensive of Ren.

"I'm sorry," Nanako said. "I don't want you to stop doing any of those things. Those things
are really important to me. They've made me a better person."

"I'm glad to hear you say that, because I wasn't going to stop."

They both laughed. Nanako took a deep breath and thought for a moment.

"I think I get defensive because...I'm worried you think I'm being really stupid doing all of
this. I worry that you don't respect me as much or that you...I don't know, you're disappointed
in me."

There was a pause. Nanako could hear Dad breathing as he thought.

"Not at all, Nanako. Someday, if you have kids, you'll feel how I'm feeling now, the raw
terror of watching someone you love grow up and enter a very dangerous and difficult world.
And sometimes that fear gets the better of me and I over-react. But when I think about it
calmly, I think what you're doing is very brave and daring. It reminds me of your
mother...well, both of your mothers, actually."

"Really?"

"Well, Kaho had to be quite daring to pursue a guy like me - all tangled up in my own pain, a
police officer, a single father...but she saw what she wanted and fought for it. That took a lot
of courage. And Chisato...well, I don't think I ever told you this, but she had bigger dreams
than just teaching piano. She wanted to be a professional concert pianist."

"Wow, really?" Nanako said, sitting up straighter in her bed .

"Yes. But she had the unfortunate luck of falling in love with me. So there she was, out in
Inaba, teaching country kids piano and taking care of me and you. And when she was done
with that, she'd go out to the studio at night and practice for hours. Sometimes she would get
up early in the morning to practice, too. She had a tremendous bravery to pursue her dreams
when all was against her."

Nanako tried to imagine it. Imagining her birth mother, Chisato, was always difficult - it was
mostly through pictures that Nanako had seen her. But somehow, she felt the connection to
this determination in her mother's heart. She felt like she understood her a little better.

"Thanks for telling me that, Dad."

"Yeah. And listen, when I get a little crazy about Amamiya it's just...if my daughter is going
to give out her bravery and compassion and love to someone, he better be worth it. And I
trust you to make that decision yourself but...I get worried."

"I mean, we're just friends, dad..."

"Mhm. Well. You know what would make me feel better is uh...maybe I could meet him?"



"Wait, what?"

"Well, I mean, it would put me a little more at ease. And your mom has been bugging me to
take her into the city for a while now...I got a couple of days off coming up...maybe it might
be a good idea?"

"Um...yeah, maybe? I mean we have school and stuff..."

"Sure, sure, well, we can work it out later. Just think about it. It might make a lot of this
easier."

"Okay. Yeah."

"I'll let you go now. I love you, Nanako."

"Love you too, Dad."

--

SOCIAL LINK RANK UP

Death: Ryotaro Dojima

Level 3



Chapter 223: 5/31 - After School, the Museum of Vanity
Chapter Summary

Nanako breaks the news.

-=5 DAYS UNTIL LEGAL ACTION=-

"Skull, above you!" Panther warned.

Skull darted forward and turned around, swinging his pipe. His strike was too soon and hit
nothing but air as the shadow of Ame no Uzume landed on him. She wrapped her legs around
his, her arms around his head and pulled him towards her. Instinctively, his hands went to
grab at her and closed around her butt while his face was pressed into her chest.

Nanako saw a pink cloud of energy pouring out of Ame no Uzume and into Skull's head - a
Tentarafoo confusion spell.

"So soft..." Skull mumbled. Panther rolled her eyes.

"We really need more girls on this team," she said as she ran her hand across her whip. The
whip was coated in flame as her fingers ran across it. With incredible power and precision,
Panther cracked her whip forward. The flaming weapon cut across Ame no Uzume's neck,
from back to front, and caused it to leap away from Skull, screeching in pain. Skull yelped
and rubbed at his chin.

"Izanagi, cross slash!"

With two strokes of his blade, Izanagi minced Ame no Uzume back into its shadow form.

"Dammit, watch what you're doing with that thing, you burned my chin!" Skull complained.

"Oh stop it, you bear-ly got burned," Panther said, coiling her whip. "Was that the last one?"

"I think so, we just-"

*PANG! *

The three of them spun around to see Joker leaping out of a hole in the ground. There was
another pang! as a huge metal hammer slammed into the ground, rising out of the ground. A
hideous monstrosity pulled itself out of the passage - an Ippon-Datara, with his cursed metal-
infused body. They had encountered one of these before, but this one was particularly large.



"What the hell!?" Skull yelled, pulling his shotgun and letting loose. It didn't seem to do
much damage.

"Panther, Skull, go around it and down into that pasasge!" Joker ordered. "The second Will
Seed is down there, this is the guard. Angel and I will distract it."

He glanced at her and grinned. Nanako grinned back.

"You can count on us!" Panther yelled. She ran and dropped into a slide, going between the
Ippon-Datara's legs while Skull ran to the opposite of the hammer.

Nanako flipped open the Compendium to a new page - the Forutne arcana.

"Clotho!"

The strange woman formed ahead of her, one of the Muses who carried the strings of fate.
Clotho cut her string of fate, and a tornado of green Garula energy struck across the hammer.

"Ack!'

Nanako threw herself out of the way as Ippon-Datara swung his hammer back towards her,
sending the tornado back at her in return.

"Asparas!"

Joker placed a carefully aimed blast of Bufu ice energy at the ground right where Ippon-
Datara was stepping. The Shadow lumbered back, losing his balance. Nanako drew her gun
and opened fire, peppering the shadow's chest and face with as many shots as she could let
loose.

"You just think you're so smooth, don't you?" Nanako asked as Joker landed beside her.

"Hey, I wasn't the one that tried to use wind on an Ippon-Datara."

"Well, hopefully your luck holds out, Joker."

Ippon-Datara swung his hammer down and they both leapt to either side. Nanako launched
her grappling hook and swung herself upward, striking the Compendium against the cursed
blacksmith's jaw. Joker followed up with several strikes of his dagger across his knees.
Nanako swung back down and landed beside Joker, who was now on the other side of the
shadow.

"Why would I need my luck to hold out?" Joker asked. Ippon-Datara gathered up his hammer
and prepared to swing down at them, this time in a wide horizontal strike. Joker poised
himself in his usual graceful coil, gathering up tremendous amounts of energy within himself
to pounce and leap.

"My dad wants to meet you."

"What? Why would he-"



Joker got hit by the Ippon-Datara. Hard.

"Joker!"

Joker flew across the room and hit the wall, falling to the ground like a crumpled bat. Nanako
had the Compendium out.

"Legion, Tentarafoo!"

The blacksmith stumbled around on his feet back and forth, the confusion spell working its
magic. The Compendium's pages flipped rapidly.

"Izanagi, Rakunda!"

Izanagi appeared to cast the spell, lowering the Defense of the Ippon-Datara.

"Matador, Rampage!"

The skeleton Spaniard rushed ahead of her, rapier at the ready. Silently it stabbed the shadow
in a flurry of uncountable strikes. The holes across his body began to leak with shadow
sludge until finally Ippon-Datara lost its shape and reverted back into a puddle of Metaverse
goo.

"Joker!" Nanako cried, turning around. But he was already on his feet, using Ame no Uzume
to heal himself.

"I'm fine," he said.

"Sorry, I guess I shouldn't have said that in the middle of battle. I didn't mean to make you
nervous."

"Me? Nervous? I'm not nervous. Why would I be nervous about meeting your dad?"

"Hey guys, check it out!" Skull called out, holding the Will Seed triumphantly above his
head.

"Good work guys. Let's press on," Joker ordered.



Chapter 224: 5/31 - Evening
Chapter Summary

The Phantom Thieves gather.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

"Let's review," Morgana said, placing himself on the center of the table.

The Phantom Thieves were at Leblanc. Boss had closed up for the night and Ren had let the
team in for a late dinner and planning session. The infiltration of Madarame's palace had been
very successful, but Nanako was feeling more mentally drained than ever. Along side her
convenience store onigiri, she'd bought three different types of canned espresso.

But, she'd was waiting to drink those until after she was finished with Ren's handmade
Leblanc pour-over.

"Madarame's palace is more dangerous than Kamoshida's, especially that last area we
encountered," Morgana said.

"Yeah, what was up with that place? All the upside down stairs and stuff?" Ann asked.

"There's two possible explanations. The first is that Madarame's will is stronger against
intruders, and the entrances and false Sayuris are part of his subconscious mental defenses,"
Ren said.

"The other is that his personal distortion is so old and so ingrained that it has severely twisted
his cognition in the Metaverse," Nanako guessed.

"Exactly," Morgana said with a nod.

"Would that explain why it's more convoluted than Kamoshida's? I mean, his was pretty
messed up and confusin', but this is another level," Ryuji said.

"Madarame is older than Kamoshida," Ann pointed out. "Maybe Kamoshida's would've
ended up there too."

"There's something else we have to consider," Morgana said. "Madarame's Shadow has the
ability to directly alter the Metaverse inside with his painting technique. He was able to
create barriers, shadows, and alter the physical environment. Who knows what else he could
do with it. We have to be extra-careful to not alert him when its time to steal the treasure."



The mood seemed to drop a little.

"But, there's new tools we have on our side as well," Ren pointed out. "FIrst, we have
Yusuke. Not only is a strong fighter, but he has the ability to manipulate Madarame's palace
as well. Yes, not on the same scale, but it'll still be incredibly useful."

He put a hand on Yusuke's shoulder. Yusuke smiled, seemingly a little uncomfortable, but
nodded.

"The other is the Showtime," Morgana said.

"What's that?" Nanako asked.

"That's what you and this guy did," Morgana said, gesturing to Ren. "Or at least, what we're
calling it. At that moment, you two had such a strong cognitive belief in your desire to attack
that strong shadow that you actually bent the Metaverse around you into something else. We
think it can be replicated."

"Oh," Nanako said, blushing a little. She had rather enjoyed that team-up attack with Ren, but
it was a little embarrassing with everyone thinking about it right now.

"Aw, I missed that, was it cool?" Ann asked.

"That doesn't matter," Nanako said quickly. "What matters is, are we able to do it again? I
thought maybe we were able to because we were close to the safe room, where the distortions
are weaker."

"I thought of that too, but I don't think it'll matter. It's like the Baton Pass - once we believe
it's possible, the Metaverse follows suit. As long as you and Ren believe it can be executed in
that moment, it will happen."

"You think the rest of us could come up with some?" Ryuji asked.

"Definitely," Ren said. "In fact, we should all be thinking of some. We can practice it in
Mementos."

"Badass!" Ryuji said with a pump of his fist.

"But we don't have time for that now, do we?" Ann asked. "After tonight, we'll only have four
more days..."

"Agreed. We need to make our move soon. We have located the treasure, after all," Morgana
said.

"Yeah, but...something still feels off to me," Nanako said. 'We still haven't found Madarame's
third Will Seed. And we never saw another version of Madarame, like we did with
Kamothreeda."

"Mm, true, but do we gotta deal with either of those things? It's not like the Will Seeds helped
us with anything last time, right? In fact, Kamothreeda was just kinda a pain in the ass..."



Ryuji said.

"It was useful in our assault plan," Nanako pointed out.

"We aren't thinking of using a direct assault this time," Ren said. "We don't have anything
definite yet, but Morgana and I want a different approach."

"Why?" Ann asked. "It worked well last time."

"Madarame might not fall for such a direct ruse," Morgana said. "Also, remember what we
said earlier about him being mentally prepared to defend himself against intruders? If that's
true, he might be aware of Kamoshida's attack."

"Wait a second," Nanako interrupted. "That's kind of a stretch, don't you think? Why would
Madarame know about what happened in Kamoshida's palace when Kamoshida himself
doesn't know? And the two don't know each other, do they?"

Ren and Morgana looked at each other.

"It's just a theory, but..." Morgana trailed off.

"Mementos responds to the events of the real world. It resonates through the subconscious.
Most people when they hear about the Phantom Thieves and the change of heart get excited
or curious. But what would a person like Madarame think if they heard about Kamoshida?"
Ren asked.

"Probably stuff like 'glad it's not me' or 'what would I do if that happened to me?'" Ryuji
guessed.

"Yes. And perhaps that subconscious pressure that effects Mementos could effect Madarame's
palace as well," Ren said, adjusting his glasses. "Like I said, it's just a theory, and maybe
we're being too cautious, but..."

"Always better to keep them guessing?" Nanako asked as she finished the last sip of her
coffee. Ren smiled.

"Something like that."

"What are we going to do about the Calling Card?" Ann asked.

"Not sure...we actually need to come up with some ideas for that. I actually wondered if
Yusuke might have ideas," Ren said.

"Hmm...I will contemplate that a bit. Although, Ann showed me one of the old ones....might I
change the design?"

"Yes," everyone said, except Ryuji.

"Aw, come on guys..."



"Let's take tomorrow off," Ren said. "Rest up, catch up on schoolwork and other things. Then
we'll regroup the next day and finalize our moves. In the meantime, we'll think about the
calling card."

They hung out and chatted a bit more, finishing up their dinners. Before long, though, the
time was running short for the last trains. Ren walked them to do the door.

"Good night," Nanako said, lingering a bit.

"Good night. Thanks for your work today."

"Yeah. Hey uh...you never answered me about my dad," she said in a low voice so the others
wouldn't hear.

"It's fine. I've actually met him before."

"You have?"

"Yeah. I'll tell you about it sometime."

They lingered a moment.

"Nanako, hurry it up, train's leaving- ow! Why are you pulling my ear!"

"You idiot, read the mood," Ann scolded, yanking Ryuji out of the cafe. But, the moment was
already broken.

"Bye," Nanako said, laughing.

The four of them went to the train station. Ann and Ryuji bickered, but Yusuke was silent.

"Are you okay?" Nanako asked.

"Mm? Oh, yes. Just a lot on my mind, still."

"Are you going to be ready? If you want to do some extra training in Mementos, we can,"
Nanako offered.

"Mm...perhaps. I don't know. May I contact you tomorrow?"

"Sure, of course. We're friends, remember?" Nanako said.

"Yes. Though...as a friend, may I ask a question?"

"Sure."

"Why do you have a charm of me on your bag?"

Nanako looked at her bag strap. Hanging from it was the blue samurai fox that she had made
with Kanji months ago, before she moved to Tokyo. Nanako turned bright red. It did look a
lot like Yusuke.



"That's just a coincidence! I swear! My friend made it for me!"

Yusuke smirked as they got on the train.

Chapter End Notes

I have a super busy week ahead of me so updates might be a little sparse until Sunday or
next Monday. Sorry~!



Chapter 225: 6/1 - Morning
Chapter Summary

Is it boring?

-=4 DAYS UNTIL LEGAL ACTION=-

"I hope you all read the chapter carefully. I know that European historical events tend to be
romanticized in movies, but you can't learn accurate history from Masterpiece Theater," Inui-
sensei said. He finished writing the last few characters on the board and turned.

"Incidentally, the word 'masterpiece' is used to mean something is of high quality, usually in
reference to art. However, it used to have a much more mundane meaning in medieval
Europe...any ideas about what, Dojima-san?"

Nanako sat up straight in her desk. Her mind flipped through everything she knew about the
word, art, craftsmanship, and medieval Europe. It felt like a thousand thoughts were crashing
into each other at once, but in that mental chaos, an idea emerged.

"I believe it has to do with achieving mastery in an art," Nanako said, trying to sound as if
she were totally cool and collected, even though it felt like mostly a guess.

"Yes, that's right," Inui-sensei said. "When a craftsman began training, they were an
apprentice. When they finished training, they were called a journeyman. If they wanted to be
admitted to their local guild as a master, they needed to perform an act in their craft that
showed their mastery - or their 'master piece.' This was not just for art, but for many trades:
blacksmithing, pottery, and so on."

"Man, Dojima always knows the answer," came a mutter.

"I should really borrow her notes," said someone else.

"Do you think she'd help me study?" came a third.

Nanako felt a bit smarter.



Chapter 226: 6/1 - After School
Chapter Summary

Nanako has an idea.

Nanako's phone rang just as she stepped off the train and onto the platform.

"Hello?"

"Hi, Nana-chan," Haru's voice said cheerily. "I was wondering if you would be by the
gardens this afternoon?"

"Oh, I'm sorry, Haru-chan. I have other plans...I haven't been a very good gardener lately,
have I?"

"Oh no, it's no trouble at all! I just...missed you a little, I suppose."

"Ah! I'm so sorry! I'm just really busy with something right now, but it should be over soon,
and as soon as I'm done with it I'll make sure we spend some time together!" Nanako said, the
worlds tumbling so quickly out of her that they felt like they were tripping.

Haru giggled.

"Thank you, Nana-chan, that makes me happy to hear. But please, don't worry yourself, I
shouldn't have even said that aloud. Are you doing well, though? I saw you in the hallway
earlier and you look rather tired."

"Yes, yes, it's just a big family thing I'm working on," Nanako said, feeling like it was only
half of a lie. "After the 4th or 5th it'll slow down. Are you okay?"

"Yes, I'm very well. Oh, and there's been plenty of more carrots and tomatoes that have
ripened, so please come get some when you have time."

"I will. Thanks, Haru."

"We'll talk soon," she said before hanging up. Nanako let out a sigh.

All she had wanted back home was nice friends, and now that she had them she was having a
hard time balancing it. Of course it didn't help that half of her friends were helping her steal
hearts in another dimension...

She took a deep breath as she reached the edge of the park. No sense in overthinking it now.
Part of her felt that if she really thought about what was going on, it might become too



overwhelming. The sun was out, the air was surprisingly fresh for a Tokyo day, and a walk in
the park was just what she needed.

She followed the path, only glancing at her phone a couple times to verify the directions she
had received on it. Finally, she got to a small side path that overlooked the water.

Yusuke had set up there. There was an easel, and a small collapsible table, along with a
satchel filled with brushes and paints. The easel had a sketch attached to it of the lake along
with a boat floating in the water, a couple riding inside. The boat was gone in reality, but
captured in the sketch, allowing Yusuke to paint it.

Not that anything in the painting seemed to match reality. Looking at the lake now, Nanako
mostly saw the blue of the water and sky and the green grass and trees. The painting had a
much different set of hues - the lake was a vibrant, burning orange, the boat a turquoise so
bright it seemed to glow, and the trees were painted in ashen grays.

"It looks like a couple of spirits going on a boat ride in a volcano," Nanako said. She studied
Yusuke's expression as she spoke - he was so passionate and determined, his eyes so intense
while he painted. But her comment had apparently been worth a small smile and a faltering of
his concentration.

"Very imaginative. I like that interpretation."

"What is your interpretation?"

"Of this? I'm afraid I don't have much of one. This is just practice," Yusuke said, dabbing his
brush into a cup of water to clean off the remaining paint. "I asked sensei if he would call me
out of school, and he did."

"That's nice of him," Nanako said, not sure how to reply.

"Is it? I wasn't sure. I thought maybe he was trying to help me forget about the Sayuri..." He
sighed and continued to pack up his paints. "I don't know how to interpret anything that
happens anymore."

"Has he still not talked to you directly about it?"

"No, he has not."

He packed silently. Nanako felt strange watching him. She wanted to reach out and help him,
but she figured that a lot of the tools and supplies were expensive and had to be put away in
just the right way.

"I'm sorry, I asked you out here and I'm not being very direct with why...I suppose I'm having
trouble understanding it myself. However, you seem to be very knowledgeable about people,
Nanako. You have a great deal of empathy, so I was wondering if I might get your
perspective."

"I'll do my best," Nanako said.



Yusuke nodded. "I do not know if the feelings I have for sensei make any sense. As I've
mentioned, he has been like a father to me - raising me, caring for my expenses, helping me
with my school work and my training as an artist. However...I'm not sure if the feelings I
have for him are the same as a father would have for their son," Yusuke said.

"Oh," Nanako said. "That's...that's a big question."

"I'm sorry, have I crossed a line?"

"No, not at all. Sorry, just thinking out loud. Please continue."

Yusuke continued to pack up.

"I don't know much about my parents. My mother died when I was three years old. She was a
student of sensei's as well, an artist with great talent, so my sensei has said. But there wasn't
any of her work to show me. Apparently she destroyed it all as she grew sicker."

"I'm sorry," Nanako said.

"My father, I know nothing about, other than he died before I was born," Yusuke continued.
"Sensei said he never met the man, and that my mother never talked about him. He is a
complete mystery to me. And I find that because of that....I have very little emotion about his
loss. In fact, I'm not sure I genuinely feel anything about it at all. I know that the loss of a
parent at that age should be considered tragic, and when I was younger I felt that perhaps I
was missing something. But that emotion is more jealousy and curiosity than it is true grief.
After all, how can I mourn what I never knew?"

He turned to face Nanako directly.

"That must sound monstrous to you..."

"It really doesn't," Nanako said. "I understand, I think. My mom died when I was 6, in a car
accident. I was sad at the time, of course, but...it gets harder and harder to remember her as I
get older. Especially since my dad remarried, sometimes the memories of my original mom
and my current mom get mixed up in my head. Which is weird. I know my current mom tries
real hard to honor my mom, and I know my dad still misses her, but....honestly, it doesn't hurt
that much these days. Sometimes, I think maybe I was more sad that my dad was in so much
pain back then, and he didn't know how to take care of me and get me through that time. It
was my big bro - well, my cousin - who really helped set us back on the right path."

"I see. So perhaps I'm not as heartless as I feared. I thought that perhaps some of Madarame's
callousness had rubbed off on me..."

"I don't think so at all," Nanako said. "But I can understand how you might feel that way.""

"Then...what is it that I feel for my sensei? Do I feel as a child to their parent? Or just as a
student to their teacher?"

"Everyone's relationships are different," Nanako said. "I'm close to my parents, but I know
people who aren't. I know people who have teachers who have been more parent to them than



their own flesh and blood. There isn't a right way to feel how you feel about Madarame."

Yusuke finished the last of his packing and the pair started walking through the park at a
leisurely pace.

"I wish I knew how he felt about me," Yusuke said. "I think that would help me find clarity."

Click.

It all fell into place in Nanako's mind so neatly that it felt almost physical. She was hit with a
surge of excitement layered with a fine sheen of self-satisfaction and the pleasure of solving a
puzzle. She wondered if this was the same 'Detective's High' that Naoto got whenever she
broke through a case.

"I know exactly how we can find out."

Nanako grabbed his hand and pulled him towards the station.

Twenty minutes later, they stood in front of the attellier. Yusuke had already gone in to put
away his supplies and found that Madarame was still at the exhibit.

"You have the Metaverse app, right?" Nanako said, practically bouncing.

"Yes, but why would we need it?"

"I know how we can find out how he truly feels about you. We'll just drop into his palace and
back out. We don't need to go far at all."

"Are you sure that's a wise idea, to go in on our own?"

"It's not far at all," Nananko said. "Just right by the entrance. Ren already told everyone to
take a break, and I don't want to gather them all here for such a small thing."

"I see...there is some logic in that. Still..."

Nanako could sense Yusuke's trepidation, which made sense. He had only been in the
Metaverse a handful of times, and the Shadows they had been battling lately were tough.

"Tell you what, I'll just let Ren know we're heading in."

Nanako pulled out her phone and took a dozen steps away for a little privacy.

"Hello?" Ren said. He sounded a little woozy.

"Are you okay?" Nanako asked.

"Huh? Oh, yeah, I'm fine. Just went to the doctor, actually."



"Okay, great, well, just calling to let you know that Yusuke and I are popping into
Madarame's palace real quick. We'll be in and out, we only need to go to the first lobby area."

"What?" Ren snapped, his voice suddenly more alert. "No, that's too dangerous."

"It is not, we're just going to the first room. We'll be fine."

"Morgana and I can be there in just- ow!"

There was some thuds in the background.

"Ren?"

"Sorry, tripped on my floor..."

"Why don't you rest, okay? I'll call you as soon as we're out."

"Nanako, I don't-"

She hung up walked back to Yusuke.

"Okay, all set."

He nodded, and pressed a button on his phone.

Beginning navigation.



Chapter 227: 6/1 - The Museum of Vanity
Chapter Summary

Paintings are a way to capture the present and remember the past.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

YUSUKE KITAGAWA EXHIBIT

UNDER CONSTRUCTION

"This was where we first saw sensei's shadow," Fox remarked. Nanako glanced over her
shoulder at the mention of Madarame's shadow - last thing she needed was to be caught off
guard again. But she and Fox had been careful entering the palace not to draw any attention,
and there were no shadows nearby.

"Yes. The door is locked, but...I forgot I have a little trick for that. Watch my back."

Fox nodded and rested one hand on his sword, turning to face the gallery behind them.
Nanako held out her hand and focused, trying to recreate the sensation from Kamoshida's
palace.

There was a small flash of gold light, and then the cold weight of metal in her palm. Teddie's
key was back.

And it slipped perfectly into the locked door.

It creaked open and Nanako motioned for Fox to follow her inside. They passed through and
shut it tight.

"Whoah," Nanako said.

The exhibit was its own hall. Six marble pillars reached from floor the vaulted ceiling, with a
similar marble across the floor. A red carpet was rolled across the center of the hall.
Spotlights hung from the ceiling, illuminating the walls between the pillars.

Between each pillar was a painting in an old Japanese style, each with its own placard
beneath it - except for the space directly to their right, which had a placard, but an empty
wall.

Nanako took in all these details quickly, as well as the fact that there was a different aura
about this hall than the rest of the museum. While the museum was bright and gaudy, there



was a sense of calm classiness in this room - like a real museum.

Which made the statue in the center all the more abrasive.

The statue wasn't yet complete, but its intended design was obvious. It was a gold figure,
much like the golden Madarame that lay deeper within the palace. It was constructed all the
way to the lower half of its head, with the right eye on the top of the head still missing. The
statue wore the same gaudy shogun robes that Shadow Madarame did.

"That's...me," Fox said quietly, staring in disbelief at the statue. "Why...?"

"You're his creation," Nanako said. "I mean...if we base this exhibit, and what the Shadow
said..."

"Yes," Fox replied quietly. "Yes. You are right, of course."

Fox continued to stare at the statue, but Nanako's curiosity pulled at her. She walked over to
the blank portion of the wall and read the placard.

YUSUKE'S UNIVERSITY DAYS

Ah, well that answered that. Yusuke wasn't in university yet, so this spot was reserved for the
future. Nanako walked along the wall to the next painting. The style was very old fashioned -
the kind of stuff you saw in history books and museums, but the subject matter was clearly
not old. There was stylized version of Yusuke sitting at a table with a man she didn't
recognize. Behind Yusuke was Madarame, who loomed over the scene like some ancient
depiction of a deity.

YUSUKE AND KOSEI ACADEMY the placard read.

"What is this?" Nanako asked. It was enough to shake Fox out of his hypnotic gazing at the
statue.

"Ah...that is the Emakimono style. Traditional scroll painting. This was how sensei found his
early acclaim, by being one of the few modern practitioners of this style. He did it with a
flare and a sense of urgency that moved many who saw it. It was written of him that he had
revitalized a 'long dead art.'"

"I see. That's all very interesting, but...I meant what was going on in the painting. I mean, it
has your name on it..."

"Oh, yes. I remember this. It was the day we went to talk my school about my acceptance.
There was a bit of a controversy when-"

Fox stopped mid-sentence, his eyes widening under his mask. Nanako turned to look.

The painting was moving.

"Ah...yes, I see...these are...memories."



Yusuke touched the paint and his hand slipped inside.

"Wait, Fox you should-"

But it was too late - he jumped in. Nanako reached out and touched the surface - it felt cold
and wet, like touching the top of a swimming pool.

She leaned in and let herself be absorbed by the painting.

At first, Nanako couldn't move. Like the memory of Kamoshdia's world, this world had a dull
hue to it, though this was more tinted by the brown of the scroll's paper.

The world was frozen inside too, for a moment. But when Fox took a step forward,
everything began to move, as if slowly becoming unstuck in time. Nanako felt herself being
freed from the invisible force as well, and the scene began to play out. Yusuke, a couple years
younger, sat on one end of a desk while another man in a suit sat on the other, his name
placard indicating that he was the principal.

Madarame stood behind Yusuke, near the door.

"Kosei Academy is a school for the incredibly gifted," the princpal said. "Our endowment
funds and government grants require us to produce the most remarkable students, otherwise
the school could face closure. Why, in fact we just admitted a young shogi prodigy just the
other day...and while I admit you have some talent, Kitagawa-san, I'm afraid that it's just not
up to the standards of our Academy."

"Bullshit," Madarame spat. The sudden profanity caught both Yusuke and the principal off-
guard.

"Excuse me?" the principal said. "I believe I was talking to your ward..."

"Yusuke, will you wait outside a moment?" Madarame said, his voice back to that of the
friendly old man that Nanako had originally met on the street. Yusuke nodded and left the
room quietly. The principal spoke the moment that the door clicked shut.

"What's all this about?" he asked.

"I should be asking you the same thing," Madarame said as he drew his hands out of his
sleeves. "After all, this letter you sent him said that you had already accepted him out of his,
and I quote, 'exceptional merit and talent.'"

"The situation has changed," the principal said.

"Yes, it has. You realized that he was connected to me," Madarame said. "Yusuke, the naive
boy that he is, wanted to get into this school on his own talents. I gave in, because I'm soft
when it comes to him. He was careful to make no mention of me in any of his works or his
application materials, nor during his interview. And yet, when we submitted the final
registration information, and my identity was revealed? Suddenly there was a problem."

"What are you insinuating, sir?"



"That you want a payout. All that talk of 'endowments' and 'grants' as if money was a concern
for you. You wanted me to hear that while you rejected Yusuke so that I would come in here
and make you a bribe offer - a nice sum of money to bolster your coffers, to make sure that
Yusuke's talent wouldn't be surpressed."

"I had no such intention," the principal said coolly. "However, it is an intriguing idea..."

"Don't play stupid with me," Madarame said, sneering. "The only thing worse than your
acting ability is your breath. Let me clarify where we all stand here."

Madarame loomed over the desk.

"Nothing happens in the art world without my say so. Nothing. Every artist that Kosei
produces from here until my dying days will be smeared in the press and have whispers
plaguing them at every gallery. I will ruin the reputation of your school so thoroughly that
you'll be longing for the seppuku's blade. So, you will honor your commitment to let Yusuke
in, or you will lose what little you have in this pathetic school."

"This is...blackmail!"

"It is not. It's a threat. And one I intend to carry out to the fullest."

Madarame turned for the door.

"You thought you were a bandit robbing the old rich man. But instead, you awoke the
dragon."

The door opened and Madarame slipped into the hallway.

"Yusuke, great news. The whole thing was a misunderstanding. You were accepted after all!"

Yusuke's face lit up, and he spoke, but the words became muffled. Nanako felt herself being
pulled away from the moment, drawn back through the painting and into the hallway.

Fox held one hand over his heart.

"I had no idea that was what happened...to think that he did that...using evil means to help
me..."

"There is nothing a father won't do for his child."

Nanako spun around immediately, gun in hand. Fox turned as well. Standing in the center of
the hallway, facing the incomplete Yusuke statue, was a man. Not Shadow Madarame, nor
any shadow they had seen in this palace. It was a tall man with broad shoulders, wearing a
stylized dark blue kimono. He had his arms above his head, running a brush carefully through
his black hair, which was styled into a very prominent pompadour.

A sword hung from his belt. Nanako recognized it as the same sword Yusuke had shown her
in the sketchbook, the same sword that he had summoned for himself during his awakening.



"Who are you?" Fox demanded.

The man turned. Though the body was fit and young, the face was old. It was Madarame's
face, clean shaven, with bright yellow eyes.

"Don't you recognize me? I am your father," the being said.

"The Shadow changed?" Fox asked, a slight tremble in his voice.

"No...this is another aspect of Madarame," Nanako said. "We've encountered this before, with
Kamothreeda...it's a part of the main shadow that exists on its own. It's not as strong as the
Shadow, but it's still incredibly powerful. Be careful."

"I don't understand, why would this exist?"

"It must be a second distortion," Nanako said. "In the last one, Kamothreeda was the
charming aspect of Kamoshida, the man he presented to the world, the one who did
everything to keep his superiors and his victims charmed...but in this case...it must be..."

"The part of Madarame that thinks of me as a son," Yusuke said.

"You are my son," the third Madarame - no, the Fatherame, said. "And I don't regret a single
thing I've done for your sake, Yusuke."

"But you should! That sort of behavior, that black mail, those threats...they're shameful."

"They were going to deny you based upon me. That would have been unjust."

"That doesn't excuse doing harm in return!" Yusuke cried. "You taught me that! All of those
lessons, all of those conversations...they were just lies."

"Those were the rules for a child, Yusuke. You're becoming a man now, and you must learn to
fight like one. Or else you'll end up like him..."

Fatherame began walking around the Yusuke statue. Fox followed. Nanako rushed after him.

"No, Fox, don't, it could be a trap-"

"Like who?" Fox demanded as he rounded the statue. Fatherame was already leaning against
the wall, beside a painting. Nanako hadn't seen this painting before - it had been hidden from
her view by the statue.

And seeing it confused her.

"Why is the Sayuri here?" Yusuke asked.

"Why indeed...well, that was actually supposed to be a secret. Sometimes a father has to take
things to his grave to save the soul of the son. Let's just ignore that. Forget that you saw it.
Forget that you saw any of this, Yusuke. Believe me, I have done a great deal more than you
know to secure your future. The pain and suffering that you faced in the past and the pain and



suffering that might await an artist - none of that will ever touch you. All you have to do is
accept my love."

"No! No more lies, no more secrets, no more foul play! I will free myself of you, heart and
soul."

Fatherame sighed.

"Spare the blade, spoil the child."

Fatherame was so fast that Nanako hardly tracked the movement. He sprang off the wall and
drew his sword, slicing it at Fox's neck - a killing blow for sure. Somehow, Fox had managed
to raise his blade and draw just enough to deflect the attack. Fox rocked backward on his
heels as Fatherame slammed his sword down again on the same part of Fox's sword, and
again, knocking Fox onto his butt.

"Izanagi!"

Izanagi's sword struck out with all the speed and power that Nanako could muster, but
Fatherame merely skipped backward, nearly floating in the air as he deftly redirected the
attack. Izanagi followed up with several more attacks, but Fatherame flitted between the large
strokes of the Persona's sword, then countered with three devastating strikes of his own on
Izanagi's belly. The pain shot through Nanako's head.

"Why do you look like that!" Yusuke demanded. "Why do you look like him!"

Yusuke pulled his mask and Goemon appeared.

Nanako hadn't noticed it until now, but Fatherame did look like Goemon - a pompadoured
samurai. But why? What was the importance of that imagery that had an effect on both
Yusuke and Madarame's cognition?

"Reach out for the truth, if you dare," Fatherame said.

Goemon and Izanagi crashed forward, swords drawn, but Fatherame hurled himself backward
and dove into a painting. Nanako read the placard.

YUSUKE IN ELEMENTARY SCHOOL

Fox replaced his mask and dove through.

"Wait, Fox, don't go in alone!"

Nanako dove in after him.

Chapter End Notes



I've been waiting forever to write these chapters. I'm so excited. I hope you enjoy them!



Chapter 228: 6/1 - The Museum of Vanity
Chapter Summary

Fujiko Kitagawa

There was one moment of stillness when Nanako slipped into the next painting. Fatherame,
Fox, herself, and the memory were all frozen in time. And in that moment, Nanako had one
clear thought.

I should've waited for Ren.

Then everything began to move.

As before, the moment Fox moved, the memory moved as well. Fox drew his sword and
began slicing away at Fatherame, who dodged and deflected effortlessly.

Nanako couldn't move. But she could watch the memory.

It was on the porch in a house in the countryside. A very small Yusuke sat on the edge,
staring melancholic into the forest around the home. It was quite beautiful, Nanako thought -
it reminded her somewhat of Inaba, though she suspected this place was even more remote.

The traditional Japanese door slid open and Madarame, looking much more youthful, walked
onto the porch. He stood over Yusuke.

"What's wrong, Yusuke?"

"Oh, hi sensei," Yusuke replied. His voice was so mellow and deep that it was adorable and
almost humorous to hear it be so tiny and high. "Nothing's wrong. I'm fine."

"Yusuke, lying doesn't suit you," Madarame replied, lowering himself to sit beside the boy.

"It's not a lie, sensei. I am fine. I shouldn't care what the other kids at school think
anyway...right...?"

Madarame shut his eyes and nodded.

"Ah, so you're being ostracized, are you?"

"What's that mean?"

"It means you're being left out, excluded. They treat you differently. They're bullying you."

Yusuke didn't say anything, just looked down at his hands. Madarame took a deep breath.



"Children, and society, can be cruel to that which they don't understand. You said it was the
art fair at school this week, didn't you?"

"Yes. I thought I did a good job...I did everything right...but when people saw what I made,
they started calling me a 'freak'."

"Yes, that will happen, Yusuke. They're jealous."

Yusuke looked up, confused.

"Jealous?"

"Of course. You're very talented, you can create art that they cannot. It threatens them. They
see themselves as inferior, so they do the one thing that makes them feel better - try and tell
you that you're wrong."

"It makes me feel so different," Yusuke said mournfully.

"You are different. We both are. We have a sensitivity to beauty that most do not, Yusuke. It
is what grants us our talent. And the world needs our talent. It just means that sometimes
others will not understand it, and seek to crush it down. This is part of why we're moving to
the city. There are more people who will understand us there. Not only will they accept what
we can do, but they will praise. We'll have the admiration of the people, and with it, we'll
never suffer again."

Madarame stretched an arm around Yusuke's shoulders and hugged him.

And Nanako felt herself being pulled out of the painting again.

"Saiki Mitama!" she yelled the moment she cleared the painting. "Sukunda!"

She threw the spell towards Fatherame, hoping to lower his incredible agility, but he was
even too agile for that spell to connect. Fatherame landed and started running towards her in a
zig-zag pattern, dodging the shots Nanako was now taking. In general, the Metaverse usually
let her take 9 or 10 shots before the cognition didn't allow for more, but this time there
seemed to be plenty of ammo.

Not that it mattered. She missed every shot, and started shooting more frantically as
Fatherame got closer, his sinister blade flickering in the museum light.

"Strike, Goemon!"

The other pompadoured samurai materialized between Nanako and Fatherame. Fatherame's
attack, meant for her, connected with the Persona instead. Yusuke cried out in pain, but
Nanako didn't waste the opening.

She flipped open the Compendium.

"Persona! Poison mist!"



Lamia appeared beside Goemon and she unhinged her beautiful jaw. A plume of poisonous
gas erupted at Fatherame, but again he was too quick. He made one slash with his sword,
ripping the air with its incredible force, keeping the gas away from him as he retreated.

He ran along the wall and into another painting.

"He's waiting for the gas to dissipate!" Fox cried out, diving in after him.

"Stop, Fox, we need a plan!"

Too late. He was gone. She read the placard.

THE FEVER

In she went.

Fox and Fatherame's blades didn't stop for one moment. Fox's strikes were elegant, quick,
and powerful, but Fatherame seemed to have a skill that rivaled that of an anime protagonist.
He knew exactly where to step and exactly when. It looked more like a well-choreographed
dance than a battle.

The memory moved. It was a simple memory - a room in that same home, in the middle of
the night. Madarame held a phone to his ear and began pacing back and forth.

"Kanawabe listen, don't hang up!"

"Why would you call me after all these years, in the middle of the night no less? Have you
really changed this much, Ichi-kun? Now leave me in-"

"It's my son, Kanawabe!"

There was a stunned silence.

"Son?"

"Yes, a boy I've adopted. His fever is out of control, he's burning up," Madarame said with a
desperation that Nanako didn't think was fake. "And his doctor is out of town. I can't find
another one, I don't know what to do!"

"Okay, calm down, it'll be all right. You need to start filling a bathtub. We need to keep him
safe while we find another doctor."

"Yes, yes, I'll start that right now. Thank you Kanawabe, thank you."

Nanako flew out of the painting.

"Ippon-Datara! Rampage!"

The demonic blacksmith struck his hammer again and again, fueled by its own insane need to
strike. Nanako was aiming for Fatherame's sword, hoping that she could break the blade.



Though Ippon-Datara was powerful and fast, Fatherame saw through the strategy and kept
his blade at strange angles, making it difficult for Nanako to aim the heavy hammer.

"Bufu!"

Fox cast the ice spell, hurling the chunk at Fatherame's head. He sliced it cleanly in half and
kicked one of the pieces back at Fox. Fox drew his own sword and replicated the move,
slicing the returned chunk of ice in half.

"Very good, son," Fatherame said. "I see there is still much more I could teach you, and much
more you can learn from me."

"I'm not your son!"

Both swordsmen set their blades to their side and squared off. Nanako was in the midst of
switching to the next Persona and the next strategy when the two both took leaping strikes at
each other. Fatherame's strike was either stronger or had better aim, because Fox flew
backward with Fatherame not far behind continuing his pursuit. They both splashed into the
next painting.

FUJIKO

Yusuke was nowhere to be found in this memory.

Instead, there was a young woman sitting in a studio, painting. She was beautiful, and
somehow familiar to Nanako - she had that yamato nadeshiko look, with the silky black hair
and perfect features. She reminded Nanako a lot of Yukiko.

Madarame stepped in through a door and lit up.

"Ah, a landscape! You've not tried one of those before."

"I'm not sure it's very good, sensei," the woman replied.

"Nonsense. It's very well composed, very refined," Madarame said, examining it.
"Though...I'm not sure why you used that particular shade of blue over here."

"I'm sorry, sensei. It's the only blue we have left, at the moment."

Madarame looked suddenly embarrassed. "Oh...I see...my apologies."

"No, no need to apologize, sensei. It's not your fault."

"Ah, but it is," he said. "I am the teacher, it is my job to provide...I'll get that blue as soon as I
can..."

"Sensei, you don't have to keep hiding it," the woman said. "Money has been tight, hasn't it?"

Madarame looked even more pained.



"I don't mind," the woman said. "We can get through this, sensei. You, me, the other
students...we're committed to beauty, to art. If we work together, we can get the money we
need. And for now...I'll just mix a different type of blue...yes, instead of purchasing it, I can
use what we have and carefully mix the hue I need."

"You're too kind, Fujiko."

"No, not at all. You're the kind one, sensei. You've shared so much with me. It only makes
sense that I share the burden with you."

Nanako glanced up, realizing she hadn't heard any sword strikes while in this memory.

Yusuke was staring at the woman.

They were all thrown out of the painting, but this time there was not an immediate resuming
of the battle. The poison gas had dissipated, and Fatherame landed beside one of the pillars,
waiting casually. Fox landed next to Nanako.

"That was her," he said, shocked. "That was my mother."

"Oh God, Yusuke..."

He stood up straight, staring across at Fatherame.

"Did you steal her ideas too? Did you abuse her like you abused the others?"

"No," Fatherame said.

"I...I don't think he did," Nanako said. "Not in that memory, anyway. He seemed genuine
there. I think that whole scene was....sincere."

"Yes...that is how I feel about it as well," Fox replied.

"I loved your mother," Fatherame said.

"Stop saying those things!"

"Why? Have you ever considered the possibility that perhaps I am your father?"

"What!? That can't be..."

Fatherame smirked and strode over to the last painting on the wall.

"Come find out."

He stepped inside. Fox charged ahead. Nanako paused to read the placard.

THE FATHER

Nanako took a deep breath. This was all moving too quickly. She really, really wished Ren
were here. Or her big bro. Or anyone, really. She was in over her head and she felt small. Six



years old again.

She wanted someone to come save her.

"Contradictions," she told herself. "Feel like you want to be saved...but then go do the
saving."

She jumped into the painting.

The memory began once again at the forest house. Madarame walked towards the front door,
near the porch. He slides the door open a few inches to peer through.

The memory shifted, twisting to turn the scene to Madarame's perspective, Nanako realized.
Through the gap in the door, they can see the woman, Fujiko. Nanako could see the
resemblance now between her and Yusuke. No wonder Yusuke was so strikingly handsome,
bordering on beautiful.

She stood in front of a man in a blue kimono and blue hair, styled into a pompadour. A sword
hung from his side.

He looked exactly like Fatherame in all ways, except for his face. The face was one Nanako
didn't recognize, except for the eyes, which looked like Yusuke's.

"Why...why are you doing this..." Fujko said, her voice cracking with emotion.

"I have to," the man replied, his voice as deep and resonant as Yusuke's.

"You don't! That's what's so infuriating about this! You went through all of that so we could
be together, so we could live quietly and pursue the life we always dreamed of and-"

"I know," the man said. "Did you open your present?"

Fujiko turned to a gift bag that was set on the ground beside her.

"This isn't the time for presents, we need to-"

"Open it, please."

She sighed and bent down awkwardly. Her belly was swollen, with the little Yusuke still
growing inside of her. Fujko pulled out a hammer from inside the bag.

"What is this?"

"A hammer."

"I know it's a hammer but why-"

"When I return," the man said, cutting her off, "I want you to use it to smash Ryusei."

Fujiko gasped, clutching the hammer to her chest. She looked down at the sword at his hip.



"No...it's been in your family for so long, it's been the source of your strength, it-"

"It doesn't belong in my life anymore. All I want for the future is you and our child."

Fujiko dropped the hammer and flung herself into a tight embrace with the man.

"I love you."

"I love you," he said. "Just one last time. After this battle, there will be no more. I promise
you."

"You had better come back," she hissed. "Or I'll never forgive you."

He grinned, a little cocky, a little arrogant.

"Madarame!" the man called out. Madarame jumped in surprise, but seemed to decide that he
was caught and there was no sense in hiding it. He slid the door open.

"Yes, Kitagawa?" Madarame said, trying to sound a little annoyed.

"Take care of her for me a little longer?"

Madarame sighed.

"I'm sending you a bill when you get back."

Kitagawa laughed.

"Fine by me. Add as many zeros as you like."

Nanako was pulled out of the painting.

It all made sense.

The reason that both Madarame and Yusuke had such a strong cognition of a samurai with a
pompadour was because that man existed - it was Yusuke's father. Madarame's own twisted
cognition of himself as father figure would of course manifest itself in the Metaverse as his
actual father.

As for Yusuke and his Persona, she wasn't sure. But maybe the resonance of the subconscious
desire for a protector had summoned a shared memory of his father and transformed him into
Goemon? Nanako wasn't sure that was a mystery she'd ever solve, with how strange the
Metaverse operated.

"Are you okay?" she asked Fox.

"Yes...that was them, my parents," he said, once again holding his hand to his heart. "I
am...relieved."

"Relieved that I'm not your biological father? Well, I suppose that makes sense, considering
what you've seen," Fatherame said. "But, I am still your father in all other senses of the word.



I raised you, taught you, provided for you, cared for you, loved you. You cannot doubt that
after all you've seen."

"No...I cannot doubt that you have raised me as best you knew how, treated me as a son the
best you could," Fox said. "But I still cannot accept what you have done to art, all in the
name of money and fame. I cannot accept what you have done to others!"

"You will learn to," Fatherame said. "You don't have the strength to stand up to me."

"I do!"

"You don't. You don't have the strength for it, because you know what you must do, and you
have not done it."

Nanako felt a panic in her chest.

"No, Yusuke, we can't, it's a trap, definitely a trap."

"No. He's right. I need to know."

"Let's just go," Nanako said. "We'll pull out for now, bring the others, an we'll be able to fight
him on equal footing. This isn't worth your life-"

"I'm going, Angel," Fox declared. "I must know why the Sayuri is here."

Fatherame went in first with Fox right behind him.

"Damnit!" Nanako yelled before rushing in.



Chapter 229: 6/1 - The Museum of Vanity
Chapter Summary

The Days My Mother Was There

Chapter Notes

K, so I fixed some stuff in the last chapter. More explanation at the end, but basically I
changed Yusuke's mom's name.

See the end of the chapter for more notes

It was a beautiful day.

Once again, they were in the studio on that countryside mountaintop, far removed from the
gaudy museum. The studio doors were open, and clean light poured in from the lovely spring
day.

The light struck across a canvas, where a half-painted forest landscape awaited the next
strokes.

Madarame stood there, examining it, though Nanako noticed that his hands were not covered
in paint.

On the wall was the Sayuri.

Yusuke turned his head to look, and when he did, the scene began to move, though this time
in colors much more vivid than any other memory Nanako had seen so far.

Nanako kept glancing at Fatherame, wondering if he and Yusuke would continue dueling.
But neither made a move for their weapons.

They both knew this memory was too important.

The door slid open, and Fujiko Kitagawa walked into the room with a sigh of relief.

"He's finally asleep," Fujiko said. "My, Yusuke-chan can be single-minded..."

Madarame smiled. "Sounds like his mother."



"I'll take that as the compliment I know you meant it as," Fujiko said with a suspicious side-
eye. Madarame laughed and took a step back to allow Fujiko to take up her paints again and
continue working on the landscape.

Nanako considered something she hadn't considered before. The relationship between
Madarame and Fujiko was father-daughter-like. There was definitely a closeness that
exceeded the usual bounds of teacher and student, but it wasn't romantic. Did Madarame have
the same fondness for Fujiko as he would her son?

Madarame turned and looked at the Sayuri. There was a strange distortion around the Syauri
when Nanako tried to look at it, though - something obfuscated the picture and made it
blurry, and difficult to focus on. Some part of Madarame's cognition about the Sayuri was so
strong that even in a memory it was altering it.

"If you sold that piece, or even displayed it, it would cause quite a stir," Madarame said
casually. "It could be the solution to all of our financial woes."

"This conversation again?" Fujiko said, sounding more amused than annoyed.

"I'm sorry."

"Don't be. I know, things are tough," Fujiko said, continuing to paint diligently, stroke after
stroke. "But I told you before - that painting is for Yusuke, and Yusuke alone."

Yusuke gasped.

Madarame made a move to speak - several times, actually. But each time he changed his
mind, slowly closing his mouth.

He turned and started to walk out of the room.

Then stopped.

"You know, in all the times we've talked about the painting, I've never once asked you why
you named it 'Sayuri.'"

Fujiko laughed and turned to her teacher.

"Do you really want to know? I'm afraid it'll ruin the allure for you."

"Yes," he said.

Fujiko shrugged.

"It's the name of my dear friend. She's someone I admire and hope that some of her strength
rubs off on me as I continue to be a mother to Yusuke."

"That's...actually a rather admirable thing. Aspirational, even."

Fujiko nodded.



"Yes, I thought so. After all the mix of masks and the gunpowder could bring about the right
mixture of friends and pigment."

Madarame did a double take.

"What?"

"I said that the fallen angels of the mind will break palaces in the future
and...I...gabble...shmababble..."

Fujiko collapsed onto the ground, her body suddenly seizing. Yusuke rushed forward,
reaching out to her, but his arms merely passed through her. It was a memory, after all, and
nothing could be done.

"Mother!"

"Fujiko! Dear God! What's happening to you, dear girl!"

Madarame was down beside her, holding her in his arms. He glanced back and forth in a
panic. Realizing that there was no one to help him, he pulled out his phone and dialed.

1-1-0.

And then hovered his thumb over the send button.

Then Madarame looked up at the Sayuri.

Down at Fujiko.

Sayuri. Fujiko. Sayuri. Fujiko.

Fujiko had gone very pale and her convulsions were slowing.

"I..." Madarame whispered. Tears welled in his eyes.

But his thumb never moved.

Nanako felt herself being pulled out of the painting. She managed to land on her feet and skid
to a halt. Yusuke was flung out behind her, kneeling closely beside her as well.

Fatherame stepped slowly out of the Sayuri.

"The Sayuri...that painting is what made me fall in love with art," Fox said, staring at the
ground. "Every time I felt like I lost my way, every time I felt I could never pick up another
brush or pencil, the Sayuri inspired me. It guided me. It was the true north of my artistic
world."

Fox stood up.

"It was the thing that made me believe in you, sensei...and it was from my mother. My
mother has been inspiring all along."



"Fox..." Nanako said. "That's a beautiful-"

"AND YOU LET HER DIE!"

Fox charged before Nanako realized what was going on. His speed, which had always been
impressive, was suddenly on par with Fatherame. Even Fatherame seemed shocked and
struggled to draw his sword before Fox's blade came crashing into him. Fatherame leapt
backwards once, twice, three, four, five times, each time barely managing to deflect the
horrendously powerful blows that Fox rained down on him.

"Careful Fox, don't do this yourself!" Nanako cried out, trying to figure out how to catch up,
or help, or do anything at all.

"She died because she was weak, and so are you!"

Fatherame managed to duck under one of Fox's wide swings, giving him the time and space
to form a counter attack. He rammed the butt of the sword into Fox's ribs, then followed it up
with a quick cut across his chest.

Blood arced from the cut, but he hardly seemed to notice. Instead, he laughed maniacally and
pulled off his mask.

"Come, Goemon!"

The flames of his Persona erupted with an intensity that Nanako hadn't seen before -
including columns of black smoke that she had never seen with a Persona summoning before.

Goemon's pompadoured samurai had a stylized look to it, usually, but something had
changed. It was...leaking. Leaking the same black ichor that the shadows were made of. Its
face was contorted in rage, its eyes like an animal and its teeth bared and sharpened, all while
this shadow material poured out of his body.

And it was pouring out of Fox's eyes, too.

Nanako started to run, but the world slowed down. All of a sudden the Compendium felt
incredibly heavy. When she looked down at it, she saw that it was glowing a fierce blue light.
Unbidden, the snaps popped open and the pages flipped and a memory felt like it was
injected right into Nanako's brain.

Izanagi.

But not Izanagi. Izanagi as if it had a been dipped in blood. Izanagi as he had a volcano in his
core and the light poured through his wide eyes and deranged grin.

Izanagi as bringer of calamity.

The name was clear in Nanako's mind: Magatsu Izanagi.

And then another name came to Nanako as well - some part of her resonating in the collective
unconscious, or the Metaverse, or the Sea of Souls or whatever. A name that she couldn't



trace, but a name she knew held truth.

*RETSU GOEMON

The Goemon of rage and violence.

Somehow Yusuke's loss of control was warping his Persona - perhaps on the threat of it
transforming into something else? Nanako wasn't sure, but the panic she was barely keeping
under control was now stampeding through her. She stood there, frozen, filled with all the
knowledge she could ever want and without a single idea of what to do with it.

Retsu Goemon slammed his pipe-blade down again and again at Fatherame. For the first time
in the battle, Yusuke had scored some hits. Fatherame looked pained and a little concerned at
the sudden ferocity and power that Retsu Goemon had. Retsu Goemon smashed through one
of the pillars, shuddering the whole room. He cut down the paintings one by one as
Fatherame looked to use them as an escape plan.

Until he got to the Sayuri.

Fatherame stood with it at his back, sword ready to defend. Even enraged as he was, Yusuke
couldn't do anything to harm the Sayuri.

In that hesitation, Fatherame struck.

Fatherame's sword left silver streaks in its wake. The streaks approached so quickly that it
appeared as if they were falling feathers, drifting slowly towards Yusuke's chest. When each
feather touched, it vanished and left blood in its wake.

Finally, Nanako moved.

She jumped, intercepting Fox's body as it flew backwards. Retsu Goemon dissolved and
returned to his mask. Nanako managed to catch him before he crashed into the Golden
Yusuke statue. Blood gushed out of his wounds, pouring warm and sticky over Nanako's
hands.

"Hang in there, Yusuke, just hold on!"

Nanako reached for the Compendium to bring out a Persona, but suddenly found herself
raising it up. It intercepted Fatherame's blade, stopping it dead in its tracks. Fatherame paused
and observed. The blade hadn't even scratched the surface of the Compendium.

"Interesting...but there's no time to investigate that. Unfortunately, you must die."

"Izanagi!"

Nanako was hit with a splitting headache. Fatherame cut Izanagi down in a single stroke of
his blade. The world felt like it was spinning and Nanako had a hard time staying on her feet,
but she grit through it. She drew her gun.

Bang bang bang bang bang bang



Every shot was as well-placed as she could manage, and the bullets forced Fatherame to zig-
zag back and forth, but Nanako knew it was just buying her a few seconds.

She had to do something. She had to survive. She had to live!

She dropped Fox.

She opened the Compendium. Another Persona, something else that would stop him in his
tracks, keep him from attacking and -

A searing pain blossomed in her shoulder. She looked and saw the tip of the katana driven
into her. A foot followed, booting her powerfully in the belly. Nanako doubled over and felt
herself slide off the sharpened steel, a sensation she never wanted to feel again.

Nothing worked.

Not the Compendium. Not her gun. Not her Persona. Not her friend.

She was going to die.

"Someone...help...please..." Nanako stammered to herself. Fatherame either didn't hear her or
didn't care. He flicked his sword once to send the blood off the edge, then readied himself
again.

"One final cut and your struggles are over. Find solace in that."

Fatherame ran.

"Big bro!"

Clash!

Nanako squeezed her eyes shut.

Then opened them.

Standing between her and Fatherame was Yu.

Except, it wasn't Yu.

This was the Yu of ten years ago - Yasogami uniform and everything. He was also...gray.
Everything from head to toe was gray, though all Nanako could see was his back. He stood in
a powerful stance, holding his katana to block Fatherame's.

"What is..."

Fatherame drew back, ready to fight this new opponent. Except, he didn't have to. The
moment his sword separated, the gray Yu vanished, dissolving into specks of gray sand.

Nanako reached for the Compendium, but felt searing pain in her belly. She fell to her knees
and instinctively grabbed onto herself. More warm blood ran over her hands - except this



time it was hers.

And it was a lot of it.

"Damnit..." she whispered. "I screwed this up. I'm sorry, Yusuke."

"Nanako..." he groaned, trying to pull himself to his feet. He managed only to drag himself
forward half a foot, leaving a bloody streak behind him.

"I'm so, so, sorry."

Yusuke didn't say anything.

She wondered how Yu and Dad would take it. She wondered if she would appear in the real
world, dead, or if she would just vanish. She hoped for the first - at least there was closure
that way. Knowing them, they'd never stop looking.

And Ren.

What was Ren going to think?

Fatherame was beyond the point of quippy one-liners and trite villain dialog. He had been
surprised, injured, and taken for a fool, and now he was fed up with both of them. He was
going to simply and summarily execute Nanako and move on. He stepped forward, blade in
both hands.

Then he stopped. He leaned forward at an odd angle, as if something was holding him back
around his waist. Nanako squinted, trying to see clearer. Fatherame looked down at his waist.

There was a black cable around it.

"What the-"

Fatherame flew backwards .

Chapter End Notes

The creative process is a weird thing.

If you've poked around at my streaming or twitter or website, you'll see that I do a ton of
stuff: podcasting, streaming, and a lot of writing (this fanfic included). It's fun. But it's
also work, especially when you have aspirations of trying to make a name for yourself
and/or make money. So there's kinda three categories in my brain.

Work. Like, actual work for my day job.

Creative work - stuff that I create to generate a community and money.



Creative fun - this fanfic and other stuff I do that is just pure pleasure.

I'm pretty good at keeping these three categories separate. For example, people will
sometimes leave comments about typos or misspellings or suggestions on how things
could be better etc. and I pretty much ignore them. Why? Because if I started worrying
about "quality control" on the fanfic, it would drift out of creative fun and into creative
work.

And this is a fanfic. I love working on it, but it's primary purpose is FUN. Creative work
is like...60% fun and 40% work. Things like editing are just not that fun, but absolutely
necessary when you're trying to be pro-ish about it.

Buuut, as the comment-detectives figured out in the last chapter, the "Yusuke's mom's
name" debacle was basically a result of Google and bad typing on a Wiki. It was a big
enough error that I needed to change it.

Buuut once I needed to go and "edit" it, it mentally moved buckets from "fun" to
"work." And then I didn't want to do it.

So basically this is a roundabout way of saying I dragged my feet on fixing this because
I didn't want to do the work of editing it and figuring out a new name, etc. The creative
process is a weird and delicate thing, and those of you who do it too should always be
thinking about where your "friction points" are - the things that gum up the machine and
stop you from working.

Because this totally had a cascading effect. Without my Persona 5 fanfic to release
stress, I didn't also want to work on my creative work, which meant my regular work
stress just kept piling up and its only release valve was Monster Hunter Rise - which just
caused me to ignore the fanfic some more and so on and so on.

ANYWAY. I fixed it. And we're back on track, which I'm happy about because I really
do love writing this. It's a lot of fun and a much needed stress release.



Chapter 230: 6/1 - The Museum of Vanity
Chapter Summary

Leader

"Nyan-ha-ha! Mediarama!"

Nanako felt an immediate sure of strength in her belly. The blood dried, the wound closed,
and the vitality she lost from the attack was immediately restored as green light swirled and
sparkled all around her and Fox. She turned to look behind her - at the towering figure with
the cape, and the much smaller shape next to it.

"Mona!? But that means - "

Nanako watched Fatherame fly backwards, tracing the black cable around his waist. It was
tied around the neck of the golden Yusuke statue, which was being used as a pulley.

A streak of black and white came sailing through the hall, his shadows seeming to glisten in
the bright museum lights. He moved forward as Fatherame moved back, pulling the
pompadoured samurai into the statue's embrace and locking him tight against the grappling
hook cable.

"Heh," Joker said and adjusted one of his red gloves.

Nanako hadn't noticed it until that moment, but at the base of the Yusuke statue were a dozen
small round balls, each with a stylized smile that reminded her of Mona.

They were bombs. Cartoon-style bombs, but bombs nonetheless. They burst in a spectacular
explosion, spewing fire and smoke, enveloping the whole of the golden statue.

"Ren..." Nanako said, tears welling up in her eyes with relief.

"Code names, Angel," he castized, gently. He slipped like liquid beside Fox, helping him to
his feet.

"I doubt that will be enough to stop him," Fox said, hand on his sword. Joker grabbed his
hand, preventing him from drawing the weapon.

"I know. But it bought us a few seconds, and I need you to use them wisely. Find your center
again."

"My center...that," Yusuke said, pointing at the Sayuri "...is my center. And I just found out it
was all a lie."



"I understand. More than you know. You have a rage inside of you right now that feels like it
can never be quenched. I feel it too. You've seen my Persona - do you think that would be
possible without feeling the same way you do now?"

As if on cue, Fatherame came leaping out of the smoke, blade shimmering in the light. Barely
even turning his head, Joker pulled his mask.

"Arsene!"

The demon thief erupted out of blue fire, kicking upward with his deliciously evil heels. The
strike connected Fatherame's hand, driving the blade upward harmlessly and ruining his
moment.

And then Arsene vanished. This surprised Nanako, especially when she noticed that Mona
was charging in the space Arsense had just occupied, cutlass in hand.

"Taking you down!" Mona yelled. Fatherame narrowed his focus on the new target, adjusting
his sword and his stance to aim his attack at something so small.

Fatherame stabbed.

Mona turned into smoke, revved his engine, and then slammed his hood into Fatherame.

The shadow flew backwards into the smoke again.

"I told the others this, but I forgot to tell you...you can't let that rage overtake you," Joker
said. "Instead, we use it as a furnace. We can either get angry, or get even. The Phantom
Thieves always choose to get even. What do you choose?"

Fox's eyes fluttered shut beneath his mask, but his smile was as sharp and cunning as the
other thieves.

"Yes. I understand now."

"One last thing," Joker said, motioning Nanako to join them. "We're the Phantom Thieves,
not the Phantom Warriors. That means we never fight alone...and we never fight fair."

"Yes. You're right," Nanako said, barely above a whisper.

"Good. Let's finish this."

Mona returned to their side, and the four of them struck battle stances. Fatherame came
stalking out of the smoke, katana in hand.

"Follow my lead," Joker said.

"Mona-bomb!" Mona declared, tossing a smoke grenade at their feet. Joker darted backwards
through the door, back towards the main gallery hall. Nanako, Fox, and Mona were right
behind him. When they arrived, Nanako was a little confused.



Everything was oddly cluttered and positioned in this room. There were potted plants,
statues, portraits, even pots and plinths jumbled around in strange shapes.

"Ah, I see," Fox said. "You have a good eye for silhouette."

"Silhouette...oh! I get it!"

Nanako raised her arm and fired her grappling hook, zipping up towards the ceiling and
positioning herself on the wall, just above the door. In streaks of darkness, the rest vanished
into corners of the gallery.

Dramatically, the door came bursting in off its hinges, unable to contain the sheer power that
Fatherame had thrown into kicking it down. He charged in, his stance a low crouch, like a
stalking tiger.

"Legion, tentarafoo," Nanako said, crushing the card in her hand. The multi-faced ball of
nightmares appeared and cast the confusion spell onto Fatherame at the same moment the rest
of the team threw more smoke grenades. They were repeating her move from the training hall
of love - smoke and confusion.

Except instead of mindless soldier shadows, this was a portion of Madarame's shadow, not so
easily fooled. But now in the smoke, the strange objects everywhere had the silhouettes of
people in various poses.

"You can't fool the eye of an artist! I know the authentic from the fake!"

Fatherame cut a statue in half.

And then stabbed a portrait.

And cleaved a pot.

Joker dropped from the sky and landed on Fatherame's shoulders. He reached out to stab at
him, but he deftly deflected it with his dagger. Then he gripped onto the front of the
pompadour and pressed the edge of the dagger to his scalp.

"Show me your true form!"

He pulled his knife through the pompadour and cut it free from Fatherame's head. The hair
fell away in Joker's hand as he leapt off of his back and onto the ground.

Inside the pompadour was the Will Seed.

Fatherame convulsed and melted, transforming into a Raksasha.

Feeling like she needed to redeem herself, Nanako swung down from her position and sailed
over the shadow, shooting him as many time as she could before landing on the other side.
The Raksasha turned to chase her, leaving its back open.

"Goemon!"



Fox's Persona returned - his true Persona, without the rage and violence, without the leaking
shadow material. He summoned blasts of ice, splashing it across its back.

"Garula!" Mona declared, sending a blast of wind at its front, battering it.

"Take this!" the Raksasha roared, reaching into its side and throwing what looked to be a
strange fruit. The confusion spell was still working its magic.

The four thieves lined up.

"This version of Madarame seems rather fond of swords," Fox stated. "Perhaps we should
oblige him."

Joker laughed. Nanako flipped through the Compendium.

"Goemon!"

"Zorro!"

"Izanagi!"

"Matador!"

The four Personas loomed, their spectral blades at the ready.

"All out attack!" Fox declared.

Fatherame-Raksasha couldn't withstand the flurry of blades.



Chapter 231: 6/1 - Evening
Chapter Summary

Promise.

Nanako and Ren sat in the train.

They had checked to make sure Yusuke was okay, and then left him at the attellier. He was
tired, he had a lot to think about.

They were all tired.

It was late. They rush hour had already passed, the train was empty.

Morgana sat in Ren's bag, snoozing.

Nanako kept touching her stomach. She was fine, of course, but the memory of the blade kept
nagging at her.

A hand pressed down on Nanako's. She gasped, out of instinct.

She had been resting her other hand on her lap. Ren's hand was on top of it, pressing her hand
down into her leg. He squeezed. It hurt a little.

He stared out the window.

He wasn't trying to hurt her, she knew that. He was holding her tight.

Afraid to let her go.

"Never do that again," he said, his deep voice shaking with emotion.

"I'm sorry," Nanako whispered.

"Promise me."

"I promise."

He held her hand all the way back to the station.



Chapter 232: 6/2 - After School
Chapter Summary

Not alone.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

-=3 DAYS UNTIL LEGAL ACTION=-

Bonk!

"Ow!" Nanako yelped, rubbing her head.

"Don't you dare do something like that again!" Ann scolded. "If you get hurt, I'll never
forgive you!"

"Okay, okay, I'm sorry!" Nanako said, raising her hands. "I surrender! Mercy!"

Ann hugged her instead.

"Let's get this meeting started," Ren said with a smile.

The Phantom Thieves loitered in the Accessway.

"While the actions of some of our teammates was a bit...dangerous..." Ren started, "It is
actually beneficial. We got some key information about Madarame that we didn't before.
Yusuke?"

Yusuke nodded. "Yes...I learned a great deal about sensei's past that I didn't know before.
Some of it is related to me and my parents, but...that's inconsequential for the task at hand.
The most important truth we learned was that sensei once possessed a heart for his students,
and beneath all of his greed and vanity, there is something resembling a good man."

Nanako worried. It was easy to say that it was all "inconsequential" but it really wasn't. This
was Yusuke's life they were muddling in. Everything mattered. But Yusuke was putting it
aside for the sake of the mission, so she had to, too. They could help him work through it
when it was all said and done.

"How does that help?" Ryuji asked, skeptical.

"We've been stuck on how to execute the calling card for a while," Morgana said. "But, if
Madarame actually cares, then we have a way to truly shock him and catch his attention."



"All right! What's the plan? Do we smash up some paintings? Expose his scheme about the
Sayuri to the whole world?!" Ryuji said, pumping his fists, hyping himself up.

"I need you to put this on," Ren said, shoving a duffle bag into Ryuji's arms. Ryuji grinned
like a kid on Christmas as he unzipped it.

"...I'm sorry, what?"

~~

"You seem different," said an administrative assistant in City Hall. She was about
Nakonahara's age - pretty but tired looking. But who wasn't tired at City Hall?

"Oh, excuse me," Nakonahara said. "I didn't mean to bother."

"No no, I don't mean it like that," the woman said with a laugh. "You just seem...lighter."

"I suppose I am," Nakonahara replied. "I recently got a new perspective on some things."

The elevator stopped.

"See you around," she said with a smile and walked off. Nakonahara held a hand up in
goodbye and waited for the elevator to finish its descent.

It was hard to explain how a change of heart felt - not that he had anyone to explain it to. But
whenever he tried to put the sensation into words, it always escaped him. It wasn't as if he
had been transformed into a new person, suddenly. It was as if...something had been cleaned
away. The window of his soul had been cleaned off and new clarity flowed through him.

He only felt lucky that the grime, as horrible as it was, hadn't been so thick that he lost his
way. He was probably on the very precipice of that, he realized - about to cross a line that he
couldn't come back from. And the Phantom Thieves had saved him from it.

And now, he was rebuilding himself. Slowly but surely, he was understanding who he was
again, what he wanted from life, and what he needed to do to get there.

He even sketched something the other day.

The elevator parted. He walked through the front doors of city hall and into the street,
following the flow of foot traffic. His mind wandered - what should he eat for dinner, should
he try and find his old paint set, what was that administrative assistant's name?

"Guh!" he said, the wind getting knocked out of him as he crashed into someone. He couldn't
see a face clearly, only a very billowy dress.

"Oh my!" the woman's voice was...strange. Shrill, yet gravelly. Like a man trying to
impersonate a woman.

"I'm terribly sorry," Nakonahara said. He tried to straighten up and help the woman but she
pushed him - with a surprising amount of strength.



"Watch where you're going you brute!"

Before he could figure out what to do, the woman was gone, and Nakonahara found hismself
sitting on the sidewalk. He adjusted his glasses and looked around.

A phone was on the ground.

"Hey, miss! You dropped your phone! Miss-"

Pi pi pi

He looked at the phone.

INCOMING CALL: THE PHANTOM THIEVES

Nakonahara immediately stood up and swiped the phone to answer it, continuing to walk
through the crowd.

"Hello?"

"Your request is almost complete," came the voice. It was the some young woman as before.
"But we need your help."

"I...don't know if I can face him. Things are better for me, yes, but..."

"You won't be alone. In fact, far from it."

Nakonahara frowned.

"I'm listening..."

Chapter End Notes

Omg, only 9 away from 1,000 kudos! You guys are so nice! Thanks for reading!



Chapter 233: 6/2 - Evening
Chapter Summary

Just dance.

"So then it's settled. Tomorrow we send the calling card," Ren said. The Phantom Thieves
were gathered in a booth in the closed Leblanc. Papers with notes and diagrams were strewn
across the table.

"I agree," Morgana said.

"Yeah, it's time," Ryuji said.

"Yes, let's do it," said Ann.

"I agree," Nanako said.

"Yes. June 3rd. The day Madarame-sensei has his heart changed," Yusuke said. He then
pushed forwarded a small card. "What do you think?"

"Whoah! That's amazing!" Ryuji cried.

"Yeah, way better than Ryuji's," Ann added.

"Hey, like you could've done any better!"

"Well...I guess that's true," Ann admitted. "I guess it's a good thing we have a real artist on
the team now."

Nanako picked it up.

A top hat, a burning mask. Words beneath it in English.

Steal Your Heart.

There was a thrill in holding this new calling card. It was so stylish, so dangerous, so sexy -
Nanako felt her heart race a little. She handed it to Ren, who smiled in his wickedly cunning
grin.

"It's perfect," he said.

"Thank you," Yusuke replied, taking the card. "I'll send it along. There's much to be done
tonight, so I will be heading out now. I want to add my own piece, as well."



"Yeah, it's getting late. We need to rest up for tomorrow," Ann said, looking pointedly at
Ryuji. "No staying up all night."

"Man, I'll never be able to sleep, I'm too hyped!"

"We'll get you some chamomile tea," Ann suggested.

"Bleh, can't I just have a soda?"

"A soda has caffeine!" Ann sighed, then looked at Nanako. "You ready?"

"Actually, I'm going to stay and help clean up a bit. There's still a little time before the last
train goes."

Ann half-smiled, half-smirked, but didn't say anything else. Yusuke, Ryuji, and Ann gave
their final goodbyes and left through the door, the bell rattling against the window as they
did.

"What's up?" Ren asked.

"Nothing," Nanako said. "Just wanted to help clean things up."

She swept her hands across the table and stacked all the papers neatly. Then she took the cups
and plates they had borrowed from Boss, stacked those, and walked them over to the kitchen.

Morgana yawned.

"Well...I'm going to get a head start on sleeping. Don't stay up too late," he called out.

"Soon as I'm done cleaning, I'm out of here," Nanako promised. Morgana arched his back in a
stretch, then lazily climbed the stairs.

"Just leave those, I'll clean it up in a second," Ren said as Nanako was about to turn on the
water in the sink. He started un-stacking the papers and re-ordering them.

"Well, I can't just leave things half-cleaned..." Nanako grumbled. But, maybe there was a
reason that Ren wanted to do the dishes himself - like Boss had some sort of specific dish-
cleaning ritual that he had to follow. So she left them and instead went into the restroom and
dragged out the mop and bucket. She immediately got to work mopping the floor.

"What on earth?" Ren said, looking up from his papers.

"What? The floor looks dirty."

"That's not from us..."

"So? I'm guessing Boss doesn't exactly know we've been hanging out here at night."

"That is accurate," Ren admitted, adjusting his glasses.



"We've used his dishes and drank his coffee, the least we can do is clean the floor so he
doesn't have to," Nanako said. "It'll improve your kindness! Also, it's fun."

"You think cleaning is fun?"

"Mm, well, sort of? Before my dad got remarried I was the cleaner of the house, so I guess I
find it settling to put things in order."

"Mm, I understand that."

"This place isn't that big, it's not like I'll be doing this for hours...and! I can make it a little
extra fun if I need to!"

Nanako stopped mid-swipe and leaned the mop against the wall, then darted behind the
coffee bar to find the TV remote. She flipped it through channels until she found some music
- a live concert of some singer she didn't recognize.

"There we go!"

She went back to the mop and continued mopping...but also dancing. With the mop.

Nanako was a pretty decent dancer, in her opinion. She'd learned a bunch of idol steps from
Rise and Kanamin when she was a kid. And then in middle school, she and the Hanas would
sometimes make up dance routines, just as something to do. She spun and kicked and
flourished with mop-kun, until three quarters of the floor was cleaned.

Ren clapped.

"Impressive," he said, a huge smile on his face.

"Your turn," Nanako said, shoving the mop across the floor towards him. He caught it,
effortlessly and stood up. Nanako dropped into the booth in his place.

"This should be good, the-"

Nanako didn't know how to finish the sentence.

She had figured that Ren would be graceful - after all, he was always moving so smooth and
liquid-like. But this was more than a few rhythmic graceful moves. He and the mop twirled in
long, lean, ballet-like motions. Then he would stop and break down into shuffle steps that,
expand out into another tight ballet-swirl, a leap, and then a flurry of small, but impressively
crisp moves.

He had a natural sense of showmanship, too. After each of these big moments he would slow
down or freeze and let the moment resonate.

"What the hell," Nanako said when he was done dancing - and mopping. "Is there anything
you're not good at?"

Ren chuckled sheepishly. "Sorry, I guess I got a little carried away..."



"It was amazing," she said.

"My mother taught me," he said. "I guess it must've stuck."

Ren took the mop and bucket and went to put it back into the restroom. Nanako went back to
the kitchen, unable to stand the thought of the dishes being only-half done. She turned on the
water and started scrubbing

Ren threw on his apron.

"You don't have to do that, I'll take care of it," he said, rushing to her side as Nanako turned
on the water.

"It's fine. You have to do this all the time already, don't you? Let me do it," she insisted. "In
fact, gimme that."

She turned to him and reached up to behind his shoulders, her hands looking where she could
untie the apron string.

His hands slid forward, resting on her waist. With her hands on his shoulders, it felt like they
were dancing.

It felt like her face was on fire.

They didn't say anything. The just looked at each other deeply while the water ran behind
them and the concert on TV continued to play. The previous song had ended, and now a
ballad began.

He leaned back just a little, pulling Nanako just enough off-balance that she had to take a
step. That step turned into another gentle step, along with a sway.

They danced.

She felt a hundred things in that moment. Scared, of what might happen, of what might not
happen. Relieved, that he was there, that he seemed to be the kind of person that would
always be there. Excited, that the two of them were going to face a new danger. Curious, of
what might be in store in the future. Aroused, at having such a handsome guy holding her
waist, dancing alone with him in a cozy coffee shop.

"There is one thing I'm not good at," Ren said, barely above a whisper. "Understanding you."

"What?" Nanako gasped, shocked.

"You constantly surprise me in all the most amazing ways," Ren said. "But...sometimes...I
think it falters my confidence."

"What do you mean?" Nanako prodded, looking for clarity. Except none came. It seemed Ren
said all he was going to say about that. He was very visibly tight-lipped now, and barley met
her eyes. He was...embarrassed?



What did he mean?

She thought through it as quickly as she could. Surprises...well, the last surprise was her and
Yusuke going in to the Metaverse without him. Why would that falter his confidence?

Because it was a big gesture? Nanako had literally risked her life to help Yusuke confront his
past and grow as a person. She hadn't really thought about the implications of that to other
people at the time. It was the right thing to do, so she did it.

But. That was how she framed following Ren, wasn't it? That he didn't deserve to be an
outcast, it was the right thing to do to follow him, and so she did it.

Suddenly she understood. Ren was looking for a clearer sign that she was interested in him,
and the way she went above and beyond for her other friends made him unsure. Was she
doing all this because they were friends, or because of something more?

It was kinda cute that Ren would overthink it this much. Then again, she hadn't been much
better, had she? Without Ann and Rise, Nanako would still be talking to herself and a pair of
glasses.

"Then maybe after Madarame's taken care of, you should take a leap of faith," Nanako said.
She pulled herself closer to him, leaning into his chest in a tight, full hug. She nuzzled herself
against his chest, breathing in his scent, draping herself in his arms.

She felt a light pressure on the top of her head and the sound of a kiss.

Pi pi pi

Nanako practically fell out of Ren's arms, so startled by her phone going off.

"S-sorry!" she said, her cheeks still flush and her heart still pounding. She grabbed the phone
and read the message - just Yu checking that she was okay. She replied she was on her way
back, seeing the time.

"Shoot, I need to go."

"See you tomorrow," Ren said as he marched over to the sink and began on the dishes.
"Thank you for the dance."

Nanako stepped out into the Yogen-Jaiya streets and took a few steps towards the station.

Then stopped.

"Yes!" she cried, pumping her fist.

--

SOCIAL LINK RANK UP 

The Lovers: Ren Amamiya 

Level 5






Chapter 234: 6/3 - Calling Card Day
Chapter Summary

Life will change.

Ren, Nanako, Ann, Ryuji, and Morgana (from inside the bag), stepped onto the train.

The train news was playing.

"...a mysterious art installation appearing directly in front of the museum. The installation
appears to be 10 meter tall symbol of a hat and a mask with the words 'Steal Your Heart'
written in English. The installation is drawing quite a crowd, distracting from the exhibit
inside the museum. The museum is currently housing the works of Master of the Japanese
Arts, Madarame. Authorities have not confirmed anything, but rumors are abound that this
might be connected to the Phantom Thieves incident earlier this year."

"Hey, Ren," Nanako said.

"Mm?"

"What time is it?"

He grinned.

"It's showtime."

__

"Officer, you have to do something right now!"

Chie blinked at the raging master artist. At first she didn't even recognize him - the mild
mannered, humble artist looked like he was coming unglued. Chie took off her sunglasses.

"I just got here, sir, I don't know what you're talking about-"

"That! That hideous monstrosity in front of my exhibit! That has to be illegal!"

Chie looked.

"...okay, yeah, that's probably illegal," she muttered.

There was a twenty foot hat and mask, painted in red and black and white. There were some
English words beneath it too, and suddenly Chie regretted not paying more attention during
English class. She took out her phone and took several pictures for evidence.



At the very least, this probably needed a permit. It would be easy enough to just call traffic
control and have them tow it away - assuming it had wheels. Or, the precinct could just get a
dozen officers to clear it out. No way to know what to request until she got a better look.

"Everyone stand back! Police!" she called out. The gathered crowd parted for her, while
Madarame and one of his managers was right behind her. Up close, there seemed to be a lot
more going on with the painting than she thought. First, it looked like it was built on a rolling
trailer that was probably dropped off by a car. Second, it wasn't a single painting - it was
actually multiple paintings that were collaged together. Each painting was a little scene
within itself - some painted entirely in black, some the mixture of black and red. At a
distance, the individual paintings merged together to form the symbol.

Chie scanned over a few of them. She wasn't an art expert by any means, but she felt a very
strong emotion at each one. There was a pattern to it - a story of abuse, of being left alone,
discarded, or forgotten. It was painful to look at.

"Well? Are you just going to stand there?" the manager yelled. Now in public, Madarame had
apparently found his composure.

"I'm working on it, sir," Chie said, pulling out her phone again. This icon...was it the
Phantom Thieves? It was certainly similar to the one that had been described by the
Kamoshida case, but it wasn't exactly the same. Maybe it was a copy cat?

"Hello?"

"Naoto, did you see the news?"

"I'm already on my way."

"I'm in front of it," Chie said.

"Don't let anyone touch it. I'll be there in five minutes."

Well, that was a problem. But, with the trailer, they could move it without touching the actual
work.

...how heavy could it be?

She walked over to the trailer hitch.

"What are you doing?" the manager cried, exasperated.

"I'm going to pull this out of site. But this is still a crime and evidence, so-"

"Excuse me, officer," a man said, stepping out of the crowd. He wore a dark blue hoodie,
with the hood pulled over a baseball cap, with matching dark blue pants. "But this installation
is perfectly legal."

He bowed slightly and presented an envelope to Chie, holding it politely in two hands. She
took it and opened it, pulling the papers out.



"What is that? What's going on?" The manager demanded as he and Madarame walked over
to them.

"They're permits, from city hall," Chie said. "They...actually have every right to have this
installation here. I'm sorry, but I can't have it moved."

"That's impossible! Who at city hall would allow this!?" The manager cried.

"Yes. Who indeed?" the man said, looking up at Madarame.

"Nakonahara..." Madarame whispered. Chie glanced at Madarame, then back to the other
man, but the other man was already gone.

"Hey, aren't you going to arrest him!" the manager cried.

"No, no," Madarame said. "Let's not trouble the officer any further...now that I know who is
behind this, the correct actions can be taken..."

"It's still a major distraction! Look at all the people here! I'm tearing it down!" the manager
yelled, charging at the paintings.

"Freeze! They have a permit to be here, that's destruction of property!" Chie yelled after him.
But he was just a little too quick - he climbed onto the back of the trailer and yanked a
painting in the center.

And then he yelled in terror.

The paintings - all of them - went up in a flash of fire. It was mostly light, Chie realized, with
a little heat and smoke, but not enough to light anything on fire. The manager fell backwards
off the trailer, but Chie caught him.

"Are you okay?" she asked.

"I...I think..."

She checked him over quickly - not a burn on him. Whoever set this up really knew their
stuff.

"What...what is that..." Madarame said, his eyes wide. Chie looked up.

The burned painting had revealed an entirely different painting beneath it.

It was a message.



Chapter 235: SIR ICHIRYUSAI MADARAME
Chapter Summary

...

Sir Ichiryusai Madarame,

A great sinner of vanity

whose talent has been exhausted.

 

You are an "artist" who uses his authority

to shamelessly steal the ideas of his pupils.

 

We have decided to make you confess all your crimes

with your own mouth.

 

We will take your distorted desires without fail.

 

- The Phantom Thieves of Heart



Chapter 236: 6/3 - The Museum of Vanity
Chapter Summary

Mobs, Captains, and Derring-Do

"Everyone remember their part?" Joker asked.

They nodded.

"Good. No going alone, stick with your partners, and if something goes wrong report it over
our radios immediately," he added.

"No plan survives contact with the enemy," Mona said. "Everyone stay on their toes."

They split up: Angel and Fox, Mona and Panther, Skull and Joker.

-THE FIRST GALLERY-

"I am thou!"

Goemon cut through a shadow before it could finish its transformation sequence. Behind Fox
was a Hua Po, which fell quickly to a cluster of Nanako's gunshots.

"Room's clear," she said.

The first gallery, the one outside of the Yusuke Exhibit, was filled with the forlorn portraits of
Madarame's old students. Nanako and Fox walked over to one very close to the exhibit -
Nakonahara's.

"Will this truly work?" Fox asked, a note of nervous hesitation in his voice. Nanako nodded.

"It will...just give it a moment..." Nanako said as confidently as she could.

In truth, they weren't sure if it was going to work - but based on everything they had
experienced in the Metaverse so far, Mona was pretty sure that it would.

The collage portrait of their new Phantom Thieves symbol was made up of dozens of
individual paintings that were pressed together to make the larger effect. The secret to those
paintings was that it was done by every one of Madarame's former students.

It hadn't been easy to get ahold of all of them. It had taken Joker using the Mishima and the
Phansite, combined with Nakonahara, to get the word out. But in the end, every last one of



them had been contacted, and every last one of them agreed to do something. There was even
one artist now living in Germany who had their painting emergency air-shipped.

Madarame might have been an abusive teacher, Yusuke had said, but he did have a strong eye
for art. Yusuke was positive that Madarame would recognize the techniques in every
individual painting. Only he would understand the true message of that Phantom Thieves
logo.

The past was coming for him.

And if it worked...then it would have to have some effect in the Metaverse. Nanako figured
that since Nakonahara was going to be at the site that it would have the strongest and most
immediate effect on Madarame's cognition.

So they watched.

"There!" Fox said, pointing. Nanako stared.

The painting was moving. Nakonahara - a younger version of him made of paint - started
looking around, suddenly aware of his fate of being trapped within a portrait. He yelled and
ran towards them, beating his hands on an invisible panel, as if he were trapped behind glass.

"He's stuck!" Nanako said.

But Fox didn't seem panicked. Instead, he reached out and touched the painting. Like the
paintings within the Yusuke exhibit, the surface wobbled, as if it were liquid. He reached in
and took painting-Nakonahara's hand and pulled him out.

"...justice...sensei must face justice..." the painting Nakonahara said, almost zombie-like. He
began to walk towards the main hall.

"Fox, look."

Behind them, all the portraits came to life. Fox ran over to the next one, pulling her out - then
the next - then the next.

"It's working!" Fox said, relieved and delighted.

"Yes," Nanako said, almost whispering. "Free them from their past, Yusuke..."

-CENTRAL GARDEN-

"Persona!"

Joker unleashed a carefully aimed blast of fire, scorching the knees of the Raksasha. The
shadow lost its balance and crashed face-first into the floor, sliding several meters.

Skull waited there, his pipe wound up like a baseball bat.

"See ya!"



He smashed the face, cracking the shadow's skull and leaking its shadow material. It
dissolved back into a puddle.

Joker glanced up the stairs. More were coming, which was the point - his part of the plan was
to work with Skull to create as much ruckus as possible. The security was so high now, and
both of the other teams needed time.

"Skull," Joker called over. "Sorry to keep relying on you for the most destructive parts of the
plan."

Skull tipped his head, looking extremely confused.

"What're you talking about, man? This is the best part! If there's ever a part of a plan that
needs smashing, you better always put me on it, or I'll be pissed!"

Joker smiled - not his usual cocky grin that came over him when he was in Phantom Thief
mode, but a genuine smile.

"Thanks."

"Come on man, don't get all mushy on me in the middle of a fight. This shit is the greatest
adventure of my life! If you haven't figured it out by now, I'm with you to the end, no matter
how it goes down. Ride or die!"

They high-fived, which turned into a cool hug where they held their hands together, pulled
each other close, and beat each other on the back.

It was a poweful moment of friendship, and Joker was overcome with just how potent it was -
it was a sensation that he'd felt only one other time.

And he had to use it!

"It's Showtime!"

The cognition of their friendship pressed against the Metaverse and warped the world around
them. A huge mob of shadows came rushing down the stairs to close in on them, but skid to a
sudden stop.

The floor was replaced with ocean.

Skull and Joker now stood on the deck of a ship - Captain Kidd's ship, to be exact - but in all
of its full-sized glory and power. Skull's mask was gone, but he wore a pirate captain's hat
now.

"First mate Joker, ready the cannons!"

"You heard the captain," Joker yelled, grabbing his own mask. "Ready the cannons!"

He pulled his mask off, but this time instead of it immediately bursting into flames, he fanned
it like a deck of cards - his mask duplicating a dozen times within his palm. He threw the



masks across the deck, and a dozen of his Personas materialized: Arsene, Hua Po, Rakshsa,
Jack Frost, Pyro Jack, Asparas - a whole slew of them. The Personas ran over to the cannons
on the ship and started loading them.

"Show them no quarter, Mr. Joker," Skull declared.

"Aye captain, no quarter! Prepare to fire!"

The Personas had the cannons loaded, then began casting their magical energies on the
cannons.

"Fire, at will, Mr. Joker."

"Fire!"

The cannons unloaded. Not only did they attack with incredible explosive force, but each
cannon ball was charged with the elemental energy of their persona - blasts of wind, fire,
radiation, curse energy, holy light, lightning, and ice erupted in the shockwave of each
cannon blast.

The Metaverse folded back in on itself a moment later - the ocean and ship gone as well as all
of the attacking shadows.

"...that was badass," Skull said. "Let's do it again!"

-UPPER MAIN HALL-

"Lord Madarame, the first security team has been completely obliterated!" a security shadow
reported.

"Then send more! Send an infinite wave of them if you have to!"

"Lord Madrame!" another security shadow called from inside the security control center.
"There's something else going on in the lower exhibition hall!"

"What is going on?" Madarame scowled, shoving his way into the security room. The
security shadow pointed at a viewscreen. On the screen was the statue: The infinite spring. A
mob of people stood at the base, shaking it back and forth, trying to tear it down.

"Those insolent brats...after everything I did for them!" Madarame roared.

"Lord Madarame, what are your orders?"

"Secure the garden, get that barrier back up! I'll handle the traitorsin the lower hall myself.
You, you, with me."

Shadow Madarame stormed out of the room with two of the heavy security shadows in his
wake, leaving only one in the control room. The last security shadow was frantically typing
at the keyboard.



"Why won't the garden barrier come back up...it hasn't been able to since the intruders came
in...and then - hnk!"

The shadow was lifted out of his chair by the whip wrapped around his neck. A serpant of
fire slithered down the length of the whip engulfed the shadow. He burned into ashes a
moment later.

Panther leapt down from the ceiling and dropped into the chair.

"Angel, Fox, do you copy?"

"We hear you," Angel replied. Ann let out a breath of relief.

"The mob is working, Madarame is heading down there to handle it and...looks like Joker and
Skull are doing fine too," Ann added after switching over to the other monitor. There was
only one shadow in the picture, and it was on its knees begging for its life.

"Copy, Fox and I are going to move to our second position, then. All of the captives are
freed."

"Right. Joker, did you get that?"

"We did, moving on to our second position too. Good luck, Panther, Mona."

"We won't need it," Mona called over the radio.

"Don't get o-bear-confident, Mona."

"I won't let you down, my lady," he said with an air of romantic flourish. Ann rolled her eyes
but set to work on the controls. The advanced controls for the security system were way too
complicated for her, but the power controls they had played with previously were simple
enough. All she had to do was nail the timing.

"On my mark, Mona....three...two...one...mark!"

Panther counted. One. Two. Three. Four. Five.

Then she hit the power. The lights in the upper main hall went dark at the same moment the
hook above the treasure began to lower. Ann wasted no time zipping back up to the vent that
let her into the room and crawing as quickly as she could to the level above her. She squeezed
through a corner, then pressed herself against the walls of the vertical shaft, then kicked
through the vent.

She rushed over to the hook control and hit it in reverse, pulling it back up. Hopefully it had
been long enough that Mona could get down and grab the treausre, but fast enough that they
wouldn't see him when the power cycled back on and the lights -

Chak!

...turned on.



The lights were back on, but Mona was already at the top, standing on the air ducting with
the treasure on his back.

"You did it!" Panther cried pumping her fist into the air.

"Of course, my lady. I am the most experienced, after all, and of course our leader would
entrust this task only to someone who would fulfill it to the fullest."

"Come on, let's get to our second position," Panther said, unravelling her whip. "And let's try
to get out of here undetected."

"Lead on, my lady."



Chapter 237: 6/3 - Museum of Vanity
Chapter Summary

Blooming Villain

Slam!

The door to the safe room closed tight. Panther let out a breath.

"Made it."

"And you're the last," Nanako said, a bright smile spreading across her face. With Mona and
Panther in the safe room, the Phantom Thieves were together again. This safe room was on
the second level, just outside the infil-exfiltration point. All they had to do was take the
treasure out of the palace.

They were so close!

"Right, let's get ready to move," Joker said, hopping off of the table in the midst of the
beautiful marble and purple safe room.

"Hey, let's see it!" Skull said. "I wanna know what Madarame thinks is so special, the thing
that has twisted his whole world."

"I too am curious," Fox added. Mona pulled the paining off his back and proudly unfurled the
cover.

"Ta-da~...eh?"

"Henohenomoheji?" Nanako said, looking at the child face made out of hiragana characters.
She remembered learning how to do it in the second grade.

"Hm, what an interesting turn of events," Skull said, holding his chin thoughtfully. "A child's
drawing...clearly his love of art has been distorted by his pursuit of fame, and this is a
representation of that which inspired him so many years ago - a simple child's drawing made
out of the innocence and joy of creation."

"That's surprisingly insightful of you, Skull," Panther said, sounding legitimately impressed.

"It's also wrong," Joker said. "That's not the treasure. We've been duped."

Mona looked horrified. "I...I can't believe it! I forgot to check if it was real treasure! I was so
focused on grabbing it, I didn't think to smell it..."



"It's all right," Nanako said. "This is still salvagable. You yourself said plans don't survive
contact with the enemy. This isn't a loss yet. He just moved the treasure - we still have time to
grab it."

"But where did he move it to?" Skull asked.

Everyone looked to Fox.

"He has it on him," he said. "If he doesn't trust his own security, the only thing he will trust
now is himself. He must have the treasure."

"Damnit, all that work to avoid a fight..." Panther grumbled.

"We might still be able to," Joker said. "He's still fighting the mob of students. If we ambush
him hard, hit him with everything we have right out of the gate, we might take him out, or at
least knock him down hard enough that I grab the treasure."

Nanako chewed on her lip. "That's a pretty flimsy plan, Joker."

"It's all we have, and we don't have much time. Panther, Mona, focus on long-ranged spells.
Skull, you're with me in his face. Fox, watch for an opening for the final blow. Angel, you're
on overwatch."

"Got it," Nanako said, one hand on her Compendium. It made sense - she had the most
flexibility in responding to unforeseen threats. She just hoped that enough of the
Compendium was unlocked.

"Let's go!"

They arrived to witness a blood bath.

Well. A paint bath.

Nanako and Yusuke had summoned out a mob of Madarame's former students from the
portraits on the wall, and they had charged through the museum like ravenous zombies in a
shopping mall. They had torn down the statue of infinite spring, smashed everything that
wasn't bolted down, and torn off a few things that were. Shadows came to hold them back
and were immediately consumed by the attacking mass.

But now there were only a handful left.

They were throwing globs of paint from their fallen comrades up towards a hyper-realistic
portrait of an eye that floated above them. The painting dodged back and forth, dodging the
globs of paint. Then, a second painting, a wide portrait of a mouth, came swooping from
behind three of the students. It bit down on their torsos, severing them in half and returning
them to blobs of paint. The mouth swallowed the paint, then extended its tongue to lap up
from the puddle left behind.

"Dear God..." Fox muttered.



Another eye floated into view and narrowed itself in concentration. A blast of curse energy
erupted from the pupil, drilling a hole through the chest of a student who wore a school
uniform twenty years out of date. She looked at the hole in herself curiously, then dissolved
into mist as a nose appeared behind her, breathing her in.

"Dance, Carmen!"

A bullet of fire streaked across the gallery and impacted the eye. A halo of fire burned around
the frame...and then vanished within the pupil, transforming it into green healing energy.

"The eye is immune to fire!" Panther called out.

"Garula!" Mona followed up. The wind blast was also absorbed by the eye.

"Peeeersona!" Skull cried, running out into the center of the battlefield. The nose was straight
ahead of him. Captain Kidd appeared and smashed himself into the nose with the hull of the
ship, knocking it backwards.

"On your right!" Joker called as he swung from above. The mouth was moving in towards
Skull, chomping at the air hungrily. Joker fired off four rounds mid-swing, but the mouth
simply ate the bullets. It was enough to give Skull the time he needed to dive out of the way,
however.

The mouth continued on its path and bit the last painted student - Nakonahara. It bit his arm
and tossed him into the air. Then the mouth opened beneath him and waited for him to simply
fall in.

He swallowed him whole.

"A rather fitting metaphor for what you've done your whole life, Madarame," Fox declared,
his voice cold and venomous. "Consume your students for your own personal greed."

The paintings flew into the loose formation of Madarame's face, wobbling in unsettling
angles that made him look like a grotesque, constantly shifting Picasso.

"Ah, my short-sighted Yusuke. Of all the investments I've made in my life, you turned out to
be the worst. Thirteen years of caring for you, feeding you, providing my instruction and a
roof over your head, and you choose to throw it all away. And for what? Some childish
notion of 'true beauty'? For the memory of parents that are long dead?"

"How about you shut the hell up?" Skull said, stepping in front of Fox, pipe resting on his
shoulder. "You're the pathetic asshole here, and you're not even worth the time it would take
for me to explain why. Give us the treasure!"

"Spoiled brats. I'll get rid of all of my problems at once...by killing you!"

"Phantom Thieves!" Joker ordered.

The ambush was off, and a full-scale battle was on. The Thieves gathered themselves into a
line.



"The left eye was immune to fire and wind!" Panther reported.

"No...I think it might be immune to all magic attacks," Mona said.

"The mouth ate my bullets," Joker said.

"Okay, then we try switching it around!" Nanako said.

The mouth lunged forward at Skull. Skull cracked at the teeth of the painting, knocking it
backwards, but a halo of green energy appeared around it, transforming the physical damage
into healing energy. The mouth lunged again and this time Skull turned and ran, then dropped
to a baseball slide, gliding between Panther's legs.

She was already posed, Carmen standing behind her.

"I wonder how much heat your tongue can bear!"

Panther leaned forward and blew a kiss at the mouth. Carmen, behind her, did the same
movements - except she blew out a cascade of flame. The fire flew into the open mouth, and
the mouth let out a cry of pain in response, retreating backward.

"It worked!" Panther cried, pumping her fist into the air.

"Fox, with me!" Joker ordered. They both drew their guns and opened fire on the right eye. It
blinked in pain, recoiling backwards before it started to zip around erratically. Fox kept his
assault rifle firing in a steady stream, while Joker held his fire, waiting to place his shots
correctly.

Nanako ran forward and slid underneath the burning mouth. The nose was floating there in
the center, but it looked damaged from Skull's earlier attack. If she could hit it hard enough...

"Izanagi! Cross slash!"

One, two, three, four, five strokes of the blade and the nose painting was cut into ribbons. The
wooden frame was splintered and scattered across the floor.

"Nice one, Angel!" Mona called as he darted across the room, shooting his slingshot at the
other eye. "Keep it up!"

The mouth slipped backward and hovered over the fallen pieces of the nose. It opened, and a
glob of greenish-black paint fell from its lips and splashed across the pieces. In a blink, the
nose was re-assembled, floating in the air.

"What!? It can regenerate!" Mona cried out.

"Focus fire on the mouth!" Joker ordered.

"Bufu!"

"Zio!"



"Eiha!"

The magic attacks impacted one after the other. It was a good strategy, if the mouth was what
could regenerate the others, then get rid of it. The mouth painting exploded with the cursed
energy blast from Arsene.

And then one of the eyes squeezed a green-glob tear out and brought it back.

"This isn't good!" Nanako called out, firing her gun at the other eye. "We'll have to take them
all out at the same time!"

"How!?" Panther yelled as she rolled underneath the nose before it could sneeze out a blast of
black paint from its nostrils. She unfurled her whip and took a swipe at the nose, but it moved
out of the way. Some of the black paint was now on the whip.

"Ew! Meta-snot!" Panther complained.

"Persona!" Skull crossed his arms, summoning a blast of lightning from Captain Kidd. The
bolt struck the mouth as it swept towards him, freezing it mid-flight. He then dropped low,
bracing himself on the ground as Fox ran up his back, using him as a springboard. He drew
his blade and sliced one of the eyes in half with a well-placed sword slash.

The nose sneezed on it and brought it back.

Nanako slid forward and landed back to back with Joker.

"We can't keep this up, he's going to tire us out," Nanako said.

"I know, but a wide-range magic attack isn't going to help, and if we all focus on the physical
the mouth is going to catch us out of position."

"There has to be a way to weaken him, what if we tried a-"

Nanako watched as the mouth came around for Panther. She rolled to the side to avoid, but
lashed out her whip as a last-minute thought. It should have converted its attack energy into
healing, but instead it just pushed through it.

And there was a black line on the painting where the whip had connected.

Nanako and Joker looked at each other.

"I'll distract," he said.

"I'll paint."



Chapter 238: 6/3 - The Museum of Vanity
Chapter Summary

Will seeds.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Nanako watched Joker for a moment.

He swung up with his grappling hook, gaining as much air as he could without crashing into
the vaulted ceiling.

"Panther, get ready!" he ordered while pulling off his mask. "Shiisa! Rampage!"

His mask erupted into the shape of the ancient temple guardian. It charged, running along the
air and bashed its claws into the right eye, then pounced at the left to do the same. The nose
came into view and Shiisa clamped down on it with his jaws, dealing physical blow after
physical blow.

The mouth came rushing towards Shiisa from behind, but Panther was already in position.
Carmen appeared, along with an intensely hot blast of fire.

Nanako skid to a halt next to the largest puddle of paint she could find. She needed
something that could carry a lot of the paint at once...

She pulled off her jacket and sopped it in the puddle.

"Mona!" she called. "Grab the other end!"

Mona was finishing up a healing spell on Skull, who then rushed to support Panther with a
Zio attack. Mona zipped over to Nanako and grabbed the other sleeve of her jacket.

Her beautiful leather jacket was now a blobbly swirl of black. She wondered if the Metaverse
paint would follow it back to the real world.

"What do we want first?" Mona asked.

"Go for the mouth," Fox said, stepping up beside them. In his hands was a very large
paintbrush, a little longer than his sword. It too looked like it was made out of the paint from
the puddles - the fallen paint-blood of his fellow students. "I'll take the eyes and nose."

"Right, on your mark, Fox," Nanako said.



"...now!"

Nanako and Mona ran, holding the paint-stained jacket between them.

"Panther!" Mona called out. Panther, who was still unleashing blasts of fire at the mouth,
turned and took a few strides before dropping into a low slide, gliding underneath jacket.

"Pass the baton!" Panther called out, holding out one hand. Nanako gave her a passing high
five, powering up the strength of the cognition behind their attack. She and Mona leaped
forward and slapped the jacket on the mouth. Madarame tried protest, but his voice was
muffled behind the jacket.

"Fox!" Nanako called, holding out her hand. He gave it a high five before leaping off of the
mouth painting, super-charging his next attack. He wielded his paintbrush like a sword,
landing a dozen precise paint strokes.

Nanako felt the jacket wrench in her hand. She released it instinctively, as did Mona. The
mouth chewed on her jacket, consume it, then decided to spit it out instead.

The whole face was now stained with the black paint.

"Phantom Thieves!" Joker landed in the center. "All out attack!"

Cognition bent in their favor again, raising their speed and power to unleash a flurry of
attacks on all four paintings at once. Nanako noticed that the paint had done what she had
thought it would - negated the nullifying effects of the shadow. Now all of the paintings were
vulnerable to both magic and physical attacks, and the Thieves let loose both with impunity.

Fox struck the last blow with his sword, and the team slid back into formation. They watched
as all four paintings fell to the ground. The frames splintered and the canvases bulged into
grotesque sacs of paint. They burst all at once, releasing a wave of paint across the museum
floor about ankle high. In the center stood Shadow Madarame, holding his head in pain.

"It worked!" Nanako said.

"Now we just gotta finish it!" Skull said.

"Hm...perhaps I have slightly underestimated you. For you to discover that this paint would
weaken that form is fascinating..."

The Phantom Thieves all stepped forward, ready to fight again, when the pool of paint
around them pulsed once, a ripple waving out from where Madarame stood.

"Except you have forgotten that this is my museum!"

Before any of them could put up some kind of defense, the paint lashed up at them, covering
each of the Phantom Thieves. Nanako panicked for a moment - it was worse than being hit
with an ocean wave. The paint was thick and heavy and felt as if it would never wash over
her and allow her to breathe. She swiped at it, clawed at it, until there was finally a break and
she could take a gasp of air.



The paint covered everything on her, except curiously, her glasses and the Compendium.
Nanako went for her gun, but it was already stuck to the holster by the paint.

A cleansing spell of some sort, that's what she needed. She reached for the Compendium.

Ahead of her, Panther charged at Madarame.

"It'll take more than a little paint to stop us! Persona-"

In a violent flash, a dagger of ice shot up from the ground. It grasped Panther by the legs and
encased her in ice, up across her waist, her chest, across her shoulders. Her left hand held her
whip, and it too was engulfed. The frozen fingers lashed up past her neck and had half of her
face frozen, with only her nose, left eye, and half of her mouth free. She looked pained and
panicked all at once.

"Panther!" Nanako yelled, flipping through the pages to look for a fire Persona. But she was
too slow. A blast of lightning struck her from behind. A thousand electric snakes slithered
through her nervous system, biting her from the inside along the way. Nanako convulsed and
collapsed to the ground, fighting to keep her head above the ankle-high pool of paint.

One by one the attacks came in. Joker was hit with a radioactive blast that sent him careening
into the wall. Mona was struck by lightning as well, throwing him into a panic as he tried to
stay out of the paint. Flames engulfed Fox.

Wind careened at Skull, but he was running. He juked right, dodged left, each blast of wind
narrowly avoiding him.

It was only then that Nanako could see how they had been attacked. While the Phantom
Thieves had been focused on Madarame, other Madarame's had been created behind them -
each one was robed in a different color, each one imbued with a different elemental affinity.

The green robed Madarame copy snarled.

"You insolent brat! Take your punishment like you deserve!"

Skull dropped to a low three point stance, using the paint to slide out of the way of the next
tornado.

"Captain Kidd!"

The pirate captain let loose a lightning bolt back at the green Madarame - no, Kaze-
Madarame? Kazerame? Kazerame took the hit head on, but it wasn't enough to falter his
concentration as he swirled up another tornado with his paintbrush. This one connected to
Skull head-on, hurling him upward and pinning him to the wall while the wind sliced
mercilessly at him.

Kazerame laughed.

"What a weakling! Your pathetic attempts at rebellion, crushed so easily!"



"No way...I'm not losing again...I'm not getting beaten down by another shitty adult!"

The cognition in the metaverse shifted again. Nanako was still under the effects of the
electricity, but she gathered enough willpower to turn her head and watch.

Three Will Seeds shot up from Joker - he must have been holding onto them. But they
weren't Madarame's will seeds, covered in autumnal leaves. These were covered in rose
petals.

Kamoshida's will seeds.

The gloomy skulls smashed together and twirled above Skulls head. In a flash of light, the
skulls were gone and replaced with a bright golden Champion's cup.

The cup poured over Skull, flowing with blue-green light with rainbow hues swirling about
it. The effects were immediate - not only was Skull healed, but it removed him from being
pinned by the wind.

The paint was gone too.

"Hell yeah! Now we're talking!"

Skull ran again. Kazerame moved forward to intercept, but Skull pulled his mask. Captain
Kidd came surfing out of the mask and cut across the pool of paint, creating a wave that
splashed over Kazerame. Nanako had expected a follow-up attack.

But there wasn't.

Instead, Skull had juked right, heading to Joker. He held out his hand, and the Champion's
cup appeared again, pouring over Joker. Joker got to his feet, refreshed and purified.

"Get the rest, I'll cover you!" Joker ordered.

Chapter End Notes

Oh no, it finally happened!

Real time has overtaken the fanfic time! Noooo!

This fan fic is now officially happening in the past!



Chapter 239: 6/3 - Museum of Vanity
Chapter Summary

A single stroke.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

When the cup washed away the paint, it felt like Nanako could breathe again. She gasped and
got back to her feet.

"You gotta get to Panther!" Nanako pointed at her friend, who was still grasped in icy fingers.

"Right, I'm on it," Skull said. Nanako glanced over to Fox and Joker - both were fighting hard
to keep the Madarames busy and Skull protected.

"I'll watch your back," Nanako said. Skull made a break for it, sprinting as quickly as he
could in the ankle-deep paint. Nanako splashed along behind him, suddenly glad she wasn't
wearing her jacket anymore. She noticed too that the hat was gone, leaving her with just the
glasses, Compendium, and the clothes on her back.

"And just where the hell do you think you're going?!"

Hodarame dropped from above, his red robes ablaze. He immediately roared with the fire of
all of his anger, a tight blast so hot and bright that it hurt Nanako's eyes.

She crushed a card.

"Oni!"

The hulking red giant let the fire wash over him harmlessly. Hodarame snarled and reared
back to come up with some other attack, but a shard of ice lanced through the air and struck
him in the head.

"Go, Skull!" Fox cried as Hodarame fell to the ground, dazed. Skull didn't need another
invitation - he vaulted on top of Hodarame's shoulders and leapt onto the the back of
Panther's ice prison.

"I gotcha, pal," he said as the cup materialized above him. The energy poured over Panther,
and the ice immediately started to steam. Skull hopped off just as the ice shattered. Panther
cracked her whip bathed herself in a cloak of flame.

"Thanks Ryuji," she said, eyes narrowed. "Now let's get Mona."



Panther and Skull made a break for Mona while Nanako's Oni pummeled down on the fallen
Hodarame. Soon they'd have everyone back up and -

"Stupid children," the true Madarame said with a sneer. In his hand was his long paintbrush,
and with a wave of his wrist he sent the black paint rushing towards Skull and Panther.

"No!" Fox yelled, a single word of defiance. Goemon created two towers of ice that kept Fox
above the wave of paint. He leapt from one to the other, then dropped between the wave and
his teammates.

"I will not allow it!"

There was another sudden shift in cognition. Into Fox's hand flew Madarame's Will Seeds.
Much like Skull's had transformed into a cup, these transformed as well - into a paintbrush as
long as Madarame's. The handle was a shiny cherry red, striking against the blackness of the
paint around him.

Fox unleashed a flurry of strokes, each one leaving a color in the air, until he had created
several rainbow's worth. The black paint crashed into the barrier - and vanished. The barrier
was gone as well, but the paint didn't get anywhere near the three Thieves. Panther dropped
to one knee, her gun raised, while Skull healed Mona.

"For someone who looks down upon imitation, you certainly seem to have a knack for-
agkh!"

The mockery came from the yellow-cloaked Raidarame, though it was cut off by Arsene's fist
driving through his back and bursting out the front of his chest. Shadow Madarame looked
around. Nanako had just finished crushing the head of Hodarame, leaving the Shadow
Madarame alone.

"I see. So then it is to be settled with a single stroke."

"I see no other way," Fox said.

They both set their paintbrushes to their side. They both rushed forward, they both swung,
then they both stopped, standing facing away from one another.

Nobody moved.

"I shall become a great artist," Fox said. "I shall use the skills you taught me - your eye for
beauty, your quiet discipline, your refined techniques. Not because you taught me - but in
spite of it. I shall grow beyond you, as is the destiny of all students and masters...as is the
destiny of all children to their fathers."

A wound opened up from Madarame's chest. A spout of rainbow blood now ran down the
front of his chest.

"Yes...yes I see...I am wrong. I have been wrong for a long time. There were many beautiful
things in my life...and I was too afraid to lose them...but in my desperation, I lost myself,"
Madarame said.



Fox performed a chiburi with his paintbrush - the samurai act of removing blood from the
sword. He turned around.

"Your place in my heart will always be a contradiction, sensei. I hope that in time, the good
will slightly outweigh the bad, and that your debt to society can repay all that you have
taken."

"...Yusuke. I shall return to my other self now, and share the truth that you revealed to me."

Madarame took a step forward. The pool of paint around them drained up into Madarame's
hand. With a snap of his finger, it changed form into a framed portrait.

The Sayuri.

Except.

Not.

"There's....a child in the painting?" Yusuke said. Nanako realized that was what was missing
before - in the Yusuke Exhibit, there had been an obfuscation in the cognition around the
Sayuri, but Nanako never figured out what it was. Now she could see it.

"There always was," Shadow Madarame said. "Your mother's greatest work was you and her.
A message to her son of her true love. The expression on her face was so pure, but the
message was too clear. So I removed the child from her arms and made the expression
mysterious...I suppose I was removing her from her arms in a very real way, as well. I wanted
to posses both of her great creations - the painting, and you. But they were never really mine,
were they?"

Madarame took another step..

"Yusuke...beware. Beware of the other who enters peoples hearts - the man in the black mask.
He has killed and he will kill again. He watches over all, travels impossible distances. He
speaks with a silver tongue, but bites with pure venom. Beware, Yusuke."

And finally, Madarame vanished. Yusuke reached out and grasped the True Sayuri.

The museum shook.

"That's the treasure," Mona said.

Mona, Panther, and Skull all made a break for the door. Yusuke stood there a moment longer,
staring at the painting. Nanako walked up to him and gently touched his shoulder with one
hand. To her surprise, Joker was doing the same motion on the other side of him.

"We have to go," Nanako said as gently as she could.

"Yes," was all Yusuke said.

The Phantom Thieves escaped.



Chapter End Notes

Yare yare daze, that was a tough week and a half. But we're back now! Hope you're all
doing well, I missed you guys and your awesome comments. And we're wrapping up on
the second palace! Hooray!



Chapter 240: 6/3 - Evening
Chapter Summary

Nanako puts away her clothes.

"Why here?" Ren asked.

"Just a thing I do, I guess," Nanako replied.

The two of them were standing on the roof of Shujin Academy. Ren helped them break in.

It was already late. The sun was down, and Nanako was tired on a bone-deep level. Her legs
felt like they were made of cement and her arms were filled with sandbags.

They had done it, though. The treasure was secured. Yusuke had it, tucked away in the rest of
his canvases in his room. Madarame hadn't changed his heart yet, but it had been a slight
delay with Kamoshida, too. Yusuke reported that Madarame had gotten very quiet and
pensive and was spending time alone in his room. It was unusual behavior, according to
Yusuke, so it seemed like a good sign.

"A ritual?" Ren asked.

"I guess. I don't even know why I'm doing it."

Over by the spot where Shiho had leapt off the roof was the yellow Yasogami High scarf, the
only surviving piece of her old school uniform. Now, in her hands, was the very expensive
and very lovingly crafted leather bomber jacket that Sano had made for her.

Though the rest of the team had been covered in paint, too, their Phantom Thief cognitive
clothes didn't come with them out of the Metaverse. Nanako had sopped up paint with her
jacket to attack the Madarame Mouth, and then it had been chewed up and spat back out. The
jacket was beyond repair - torn by teeth marks along the back and sleeves and stained
permanently with a dark sludgy blackness.

Nanako hung the jacket on the fence, next to the scarf.

"You'll need a new outfit," Ren said.

"Yeah. It'd be nice if I could just cognitively create one like you guys can...I wish I knew why
I don't."

"There are a lot of unsolved mysteries. The Will Seeds. The man in the black mask."



Nanako nodded. That had been unnerving.

"Do you think Madarame was lying?" Nanako asked hopefully.

"No. The change of heart was already beginning. And for whatever horrible things he's done,
I do think that Madarame cares for Yusuke. I think he was sincere in his warning."

"I was afraid you'd say that," Nanako sighed. "An enemy within the Metaverse...what are we
supposed to do about that?"

"I'm not sure we need to do anything, yet. We don't know what they're doing or why."

"I still don't like it."

"Neither do I. But we're both too tired to think about it any more."

Ren's arm fell onto Nanako's shoulders and he pulled her close to his side. Nanako let her
eyes fall shut as she leaned into him.

"You did good today, leader."

"Thanks. Let's head home."



Chapter 241: 6/4 - Afternoon
Chapter Summary

Sketchy Akechi

"And now further information on the continuing story of Fraudulent Artist Ichiryusai
Madarame, who issued a public confession during a hastily arranged press conference this
morning. While many of the specific details of the case are still unfolding, sources close to
investigators have confirmed at least three incidents of the many frauds he confessed to,
including one involving Madarame's most famous work, the Sayuri. The Sayuri, long thought
to be stolen, was recovered from Madarame's house in a locked room, along with dozens of
counterfeits which he was selling to patrons on the black market. Officials confirm that this
by itself could bring along a long prison sentence, but there is still much investigating to be
done.

*Surrounding this startling revelation is the rumor of the Phantom Thieves, a group who
claimed to have 'stolen the heart' of Madarame in retribution for his crimes. Witnesses at the
scene claim that a large art installation was put up in front of the Madarame exhibit and made
the bold declaration. Posts have been circulating social media of the event, but officials have
not made a comment on the validity of these claims. Others speculate that perhaps the
Phantom Thieves is a publicity stunt trying to connect themselves with high-profile
confessions. Sources indicate that the phrase Phantom Thieves was also used in the case of
Suguru Kamoshida, the disgraced Olympic Athlete who-"

Pi pi pi.

SAE: Emergency meeting tomorrow morning. Be there.

Akechi rolled his eyes and swiped away the notification. He also turned off the television.

He took a deep breath and sat in the silence of his studio apartment.

He shut his eyes.

He knew he had all the pieces. But he couldn't put them together. There was literally only one
person in the whole world who could figure out who the Phantom Thieves were - him. And
yet, the answer eluded him.

He reached into his coat pocket and pulled out his phone.

"MetaNav, what is the Metaverse stability?"

"Metaverse stability is currently holding at 96%."



Hm. Still well within parameters, but on average it never dipped below 98. So the actions of
the Phantom Thieves had caused a 2% shift in the Metaverse? That was no small feat.

"MetaNav, establish long range protocol."

"Select your destination."

"Tohru Adachi."

"Long range protocol established. Beginning navigation."

Reality turned in on itself, and Akechi found himself walking comfortably in the world
between dreams and reality, on a tiny island of a man's subconscious.

Nothing had changed here, at first glance. The scene was the same as always - a desolate,
ruined city, which Akechi had learned was a replica of the tiny town of Inaba. In the center of
it was a single living room, where Adachi's Shadow sat in his boxers, staring at a TV.

The Shadow didn't do much, no matter how long Akechi watched him. He would get up and
walk to a kitchen, get some snacks, and return to the TV. Sometimes he lay on the couch.
Sometimes he sat on the floor. But that was the extent of it.

This was his inner self, content to live in captivity.

His conversation with Adachi had not been as fruitful as he had hoped. Sure, he had given a
few extra names, told a few extra details about what happened. But then he clammed up.
Something clicked in Adachi's mind, and then all of a sudden he wasn't interested in talking
anymore.

"Sounds like you got your whole psychotic breakdown routine working juts fine," he had said.
"Don't think you need my help."

How did he know? How had Adachi surmised that Akechi was the perpetrator of the
psychotic breakdowns?

Perhaps it was just a dumb guess. But Akechi didn't believe that. Adachi was a lot more
cunning and capable than he let on. And yet, despite all of that, he lacked any ambition at all.
He had played his game, he had lost, and now he was content to wallow.

"You have to be connected somehow..." Akechi said to Shadow Adachi. Shadow Adachi
didn't answer. He never did.

The names Adachi gave him were interesting, but all in all, useless.

Kanji Tatsumi, a textile owner in Inaba.
Rise Kujikawa, an idol. Yukiko Amagi, an inn
manager.

Yosuke Hanamura, a teacher. Hanamura was the first interesting name in the list, to Akechi.
Though he was in Inaba at the time of the Kamoshida case, he was the one who stepped into
Kamoshida's position at Shujin Academy. That seemed like an incredible coincidence.



Yu Narukami. This one worried Akechi, though he wasn't sure why. He was a reporter who
wrote idol entertainment articles, and yet when Akechi dug deeper...he couldn't find anything
more to the man. It was like he was hiding something, living out in the shadows. There was
something dangerous and familiar about him.

Then of course, Naoto Shirogane and her compatriot, Chie Satonaka.

This didn't surprise Akechi. After all, Shirogane had been well known and involved in the
case, and if she chose Satonaka to be the police liaison it would make sense that they would
have a connection. But whose side were they on? Were they the Phantom Thieves
themselves, using the intel from being on the investigation to keep them off the path? That
didn't make much sense. Shirogane wasn't there to work on random hearts, she was
determined to hunt down the person causing psychotic breakdowns.

So, perhaps it was just a coincidence that she was part of the team.

No, it wasn't, Akechi realized. She chose to be there because she knew about the Metaverse.
If someone was going to figure out his method, it would be her.

But she hadn't yet. And the Phantom Thieves were now creating a very useful distraction.

And perhaps a scapegoat...

"Maybe you weren't so useless after all-"

Akechi leapt back.

He had been wandering around the ruined home as he thought and had taken one step too
close to the living room. He jumped out of the way, but just barely in time. A black blade
came crashing down into the ground, sizzling with red lightning. The masked face leaned
forward and roared at Akechi.

Magatsu Izanagi.

"I wish I knew how you did this," Akechi said to Shadow Adachi. No matter what Akechi
tried, Magatsu Izanagi kept the Shadow Adachi protected. Akechi had experimented with a
number of different approaches, but no matter what he did, the Persona kept him safe. And
yet, Adachi himself didn't seem to realize he was doing it.

Some part of him was so on guard that his Persona was acting on its own.

Of course, the Persona never left the confines of the living room. It wouldn't chase him, but it
wouldn't let Akechi inside either. The perfect protective sentinel.

"Perhaps I should try killing it," Akechi said. "Then I could go in and out as I please."

Magatsu Izanagi roared again, waving his sword around in a berserker rage.

Akechi just laughed at it.






Chapter 242: 6/4 - Evening
Chapter Summary

Nanako sits on the couch.

"More details surrounding the surprising confession of Japanese Master Artist Ichiryusai
Madarame have come to light. Several individuals claiming to be Madarame's former
students have come forward with stories of abuse and plagiarism. One such former student
has produced evidence that-"

"Phewwwww," Rise let out as she walked through the front door. Yu was right behind her.
Nanako turned on the couch to watch them.

"My birthday is always so exhausting..." Rise said.

"Oh!" Nanako cried, her stomach dropping. "I completely forgot about it! Was it today?"

"It's June 1st," Yu said with a grin. "But don't worry, she's been doing nothing but idol things
the whole time."

"The fans really like to celebrate with me. But I understand why some idols pick fake
birthdays. It's so much work, I don't even want to do a birthday thing now..."

"But we are, tomorrow, I insist," Yu said. "You're coming too, right Nanako?"

"O-oh, of course," Nanako said. Her mind was in such a whiplash from everything that
happened - the change of heart, the press conferences, the sudden text barrage of everyone
celebrating, and the subsequent worry when Yusuke said he'd be busy for a few days as
everything settled.

Nanako hadn't counted on that, though it made sense. Where was Yusuke going to live? How
would he support himself? Yusuke said it would be fine, so for the moment all Nanako could
do was wait it out.

In the intensity of the last week, she had forgotten real life existed.

"Great! Yukiko is going to be in town too, so everyone will be there."

This perked Nanako up a bit, though she still yawned when she said "That sounds great."

"Putting in long hours, huh?" Yu asked.

"Yeah. But I think things are going to slow down a bit. I'm looking forward to tomorrow."



"Ew, why are you watching this depressing news story?" Rise made a face as she picked up
the remote and changed the channel. "What a terrible man, taking advantage of all those
people like that. I guess not even the fine arts are safe from horrible, manipulative people."

Rise plopped down on the couch next to Nanako as a sitcom came on. Yu sat on the other
side of Nanako. Their warmth and presence was so deeply comforting, it was like a blanket
being wrapped around her.

Nanako took a deep breath and the wave of exhaustion she'd been holding back crash over
her and fell asleep.



Chapter 243: END PART 3
Chapter Summary

--

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

SUPPLEMENTAL RESEARCH JOURNAL 0158

DR. WAKABA ISHIKI

C
LASSIFIED CLEARANCE REQUIRED

ENTRY: April 12, 2019

I gave in to temptation.

I'm not sure what sort of mother this makes me. On the one hand, I have asked my daughter
to use her incredible gifts to cross ethical - and perhaps legal - lines. On the other hand, she
was so incredibly excited to do it, so very proud of herself. Does helping Futaba find self-
fulfillment outweigh my own selfish needs?

I will add it to my growing mountain of motherly guilt.

The data has been invaluable, though it has taken a considerable amount of time and effort to
parse it all. Even now, with all the pieces in front of me, I do not know if I can truly put it all
together. I am hoping that by journaling I might find a new connection.

The data was retrieved from the Kirijo Group, which did not surprise me, considering a great
deal of what we know about the Metaverse comes from research conducted by the Kirijo
Group. The difference is that data came from scraps - bits and pieces of unconnected files and
vague references - from the data that was seized when the Japanese government shut down
the Kirijo Group's android program.

Though those androids were thought to be secret weapons in development - a new class of
super soldier to change the face of modern warfare - it never sat well with me why they
designed them the way they did. I've only met one of the working units, and she was so
lifelike, so real...

What would be the purpose of creating a weapon that had emotions? It would only get in the
way of the efficiency of a combat drone such as that. I've heard it theorized that perhaps it
was a tactical advantage - the more human they could be, the more they could predict human



behavior. Except, that theory never sat well with me either - human behavior is laughably
easy to predict in extreme conditions. War is the most extreme of conditions.

I am digressing.

The data Futaba found shows a link between that android program and the Metaverse - and to
events that go back much further.

It seems that the androids are Shadow Weapons - machines designed to fight the "shadows"
that exist within the Metaverse. This tracks with what Subject B has said to me in previous
discussions, that there are dangerous beings of some sort living within the Metaverse. The
Kirijo Group, however, was dealing with something very frightening, something I hadn't
considered: the Metaverse bleeding into reality.

According to the files, the Metaverse would pierce through the barriers for an hour back in
2009, something referred to as the "Dark Hour." During this time, a tower code-named
TARTARUS appeared, which led to some greater power - a super-shadow, if you will - that
posed a tremendous threat to humanity.

It was stopped, though the details behind that are very inconclusive. The leader of the Kirjo
Group, Takahru Kirijo, died in the events, and the transition of control to his daughter was
plagued with data loss.

Or perhaps, data expunging.

In any case, while this information was important, the most important discovery lay within
the backbone of the Kirijo Group's research: SEBEC and the DEVA System.

SEBEC, the Saeki Electronics and Biological and Energy Corporation, collapsed in 1996, and
its assets were purchased by the Kirijo Group. The DEVA, Dimension Variable Accelerator,
was a project to create a "special space" wherein matter and reality could be altered. Another
mysterious incident surrounding the activation of the DEVA System resulted in the death of
the company president and the complete loss of the DEVA System, which resulted in the
collapse of the company.

The connections are clear to me, but their implications are not.

The DEVA System must have been a success, its ability to create the "special space" clearly
being the Metaverse, and clearly the shadows that came with it resulted in the destruction of
the DEVA System and all who were near it.

The Kirijo Group built upon that information and somehow created Taratarus and the Dark
Hour. The knowledge of the shadows led to the creation of the androids, or as they are called
in the Kirjo Files, "Anti-Shadow Suppression Weapons."

It was exciting, at first, to see the connections. But the more I have thought about it, the more
I realize that I have stumbled into a "chicken and egg" situation.



Something that surprised me in the midst of all these logs was the prevalence of religion and
mythology. I did not expect to see that in the middle of scientific research, but nonetheless
there it was: Pandora, Nyx, Philemon...things that seemed to indicate that their science was
somehow treading upon the territory of the gods, and they were able to manipulate gods or
become gods themselves.

I'm not sure I believe in all of that. However, Karl Jung's research into the collective
subconscious comes to mind - the idea that all of humanity shares values and mythologies
that come to us in every culture. Every culture has a hero's journey, every culture has a "dark
lord", every culture has a creation and end mythology. If the DEVA System was able to
"create reality", would it not be impressed upon by the force of the human mind? Wouldn't
those mythologies, which influence us on every level, color what the DEVA System created?

Or are we really stumbling into the territories of the gods - somehow accessing their power
and entering their worlds?

Are the beings of the Metaverse waiting for us on the other side? Or are they created when
we enter, shaped by our own subconscious energy?

In short: were we created by gods, or did we create them?

In either case, I have grown more worried about my research. I am playing with forces much
more dangerous than I thought. I must be careful from here on out. No, I must be better than
careful.

I must be perfect.

For the future of humanity.

For my Futaba.

Addendum: Note to self, research the JOKER incident in Sumaru City, 1999. Perhaps
residual effects from the DEVA System's activation in Mikage-cho? They aren't that far apart,
geographically...

Addendum 2: I think Subject B mentioned a strange murder...could he be talking about the
serial killer in Inaba, back in 2011? Research that as well. The Kirjo Group was based in
Iwatodai, which isn't that far from Inaba...

Chapter End Notes

Kaneshiro, here we come!

Also, don't forget, if you want to read more of my stuff, I have a book I wrote. You can
find info on that at www.silzeromedia.com






Chapter 244: 6/5 - Morning
Chapter Summary

Detective Prince vs. Detective Queen

Naoto took a long, deep breath outside the conference room.

Sae Niijima was difficult on the best of days, but today she would, undoubtedly, but
intolerable. On top of that, Naoto had already deduced much of what she needed to know, and
yet she was going to have to repeat all of her findings to this intolerable woman so that she
could throw a tantrum and make baseless accusations or brash decisions.

But, Naoto also couldn't go rogue on this one. She needed access to Chie, to the prosecutor's
office, even to the kid Akechi.

So this was the bitter price she'd pay to reach the truth.

...she took one more deep breath, just for good measure.

"Finally," Sae said. "Let's get started."

Akechi and Sae were already set up within the conference room, a pile of papers strewn
across the table. Chie wasn't there yet, but Naoto knew that - she was off finishing a final task
that she'd given her. In the corner of the room was a blank board of wood.

"Through a lot of legwork," Akechi began, "the police were able to locate the one man that
Madarame spoke to in the brief time he went to view the exhibit. His name is Natsuhiko
Nakanohara, a middle manager at city hall. He was, incidentally, the one who pulled the
permits for the art installation. So it stands to reason that he has some sort of connection with
the Phantom Thieves, or is a Phantom Thief himself."

"I take it he was questioned," Naoto remarked. She had brought a cup of hot matcha in with
her, and she indulged in a sip.

"He was. He spun an interesting tale about a phone call and a cat and a mysterious website.
The whole thing was rather fantastical. There's a transcript in that folder if, if you'd like to
read it."

Naoto slid the folder closer to her, but didn't open it.

"So do you think he's a Phantom Thief?"



"Yes," Sae said. "The Phantom Thieves most logical modus operandi is blackmail.
Nakanohara was a former student of Madarame, and thus had all of the information needed to
make the calling card. With Madarame on the precipice of losing everything, he decides to
turn himself in. No different than the Kamoshida case."

"Does Nakanohara have a connection to Kamoshida?"

Sae paused.

"No. But he is most likely working in collusion."

"I see," Naoto said, taking another sip. "And what about you, Akechi-kun? Do you think he's
a Phantom Thief?"

The youth took a moment, glancing between the two women, a decision straining within his
heart.

"No."

Sae shot him a glower and Naoto raised an eyebrow.

"Oh? Do tell."

"Nakanohara has not been a student of Madarame for some time. If he was able to blackmail
him, why wait until now? Furthermore, the more we get testimony from former students, the
more we learn that Madarame had considerable influence in the art world. Those who tried to
speak out against him were shunned from the community, and had repercussions follow them
beyond. There's at least one confirmed suicide as a result of Madarames, and I'm sure there
will be more. If Nakanohara was going to do it, he would be taking a considerable risk in
revealing himself down at the art museum."

"So you believe he's not a Phantom Thief, because if he were, he would have been more
careful?"

"Precisely. There's also something else...the Phantom Thieves are most likely the culprits
behind the psychotic breakdowns and mental shutdowns. That can not be attained through
blackmail. So we must assume they have access to some other methodology. Nakanohara is a
government employee who lives a pretty predictable life. It's easy to track his whereabouts
and actions for the last month, and he rarely deviated. In the few times that we cannot entirely
account for his time, he is either home alone or the window of time is so short that I cannot
believe that he would have time to utilize whatever this other method is."

"Hm. I'm impressed by some of your thinking, Akechi-kun. However, I do believe you've
made a pretty big leap that might be clouding your assessment of the situation."

"Oh? Please, instruct me so that I may improve," Akechi said politely.

"Sorry I'm late!" Chie cried, charging through the door. She was in uniform, a stack of papers
in hand. "Here, Naoto. Everything you asked for."



"Thanks, Chie." Naoto glanced through the papers. She didn't need to look at them carefully,
they were merely to confirm what she already knew.

"If you're ready to explain yourself, Shirogane..." Sae pressed. Chie made an irritated face at
her, but Naoto remained calm.

"Finding and questioning someone on the scene is valuable, but so is physical evidence. The
Phantom Thieves left their sign," Naoto began.

"I did think of that, but no one seems to know where it's gone," Akechi said.

"It's right there."

Naoto pointed to the blank wooden board leaning in the corner of the conference room.
Akechi frowned, but stood and walked over to it. He examined it from top to bottom.

"It seems to be the right size, but there's no writing on it," he said. "We've seen the writing in
the social media posts. It was painted on there. Even if it were to be painted over, which this
isn't, there'd still be some faint marking of the original text."

"Indeed," Naoto said. "That's because it wasn't paint. If you watch the video of the event, the
pictures attached to the board were made up of many individual pictures. And yet when
Madarame touched them, they wall went up in flame. Yet, the wooden board, and the writing
beneath it, survived. There's only one way to do such a thing - flash paper."

"What's that?" Sae demanded.

"It's a special type of paper used by magicians that is easily ignited, but at a lower
temperature. Its purpose is to vanish in a flash of light, which achieved the effect very
nicely."

"I still don't see how this is relevant to the paint," Sae said.

"As I already said, it wasn't paint. It was disappearing ink - a type of ink again used by
magicians and illusionists. Once it is exposed to light, it begins to degrade until it's no longer
visible."

"I see," Akechi said. "So the flash paper prevented the light from exposing the ink, but it also
exposed it to the light upon ignition. The message was visible long enough for Madarame to
read, but then would fade away and leave only this ordinary board. It's rather ingenious."

"Great, so we know how the Phantom Thieves pulled off their calling card," Sae said. "I don't
see how that connects."

"Why would they do that?" Naoto asked.

"Publicity? Vanity? Pride?" Sae said. "Does it matter?"

"Indeed, I think it does. Akechi is operating under the assumption that the Phantom Thieves
are the ones who also committed the mental shutdowns and psychotic breakdowns. And yet,



there is a suspicious level of timing with these calling cards and the change of heart. In both
Kamoshida and Madarame's cases, the calling card happened just before the change of heart.
The calling cards were public, and specifically listed the crimes they committed, at least in a
vague sense. But there is no such modus operandi involved in either the shutdowns or
breakdowns. They simply happen. No card, no theatrics, no flashy name."

"Ah. So you believe that the Phantom Thieves are separate from the group that is committing
the shutdowns and breakdowns," Akechi said.

"I'm sorry to have to point this out again, Akechi-kun, but you're making another leap. How
do you know it's a group committing the shutdowns and not an individual?"

Akechi smiled, embarrassed. "Ah, yes, it seems I've let my theories become the basis of my
analysis. Such a basic mistake, I'm embarrassed to have made it."

"So then Shirogane, what do you think is the next course of action?" Sae asked.

"Ignore the Phantom Thieves."

"What!?" Sae slammed her hand on the table. "This is the best lead we have."

"I will admit that there is a strong possibility that the methods of the Phantom Thieves are
similar to those of the psychotic breakdowns and mental shutdowns. We may, in time, even
discover that the methods are nearly the same. But the goals are different. Whoever is
committing the shutdowns and breakdowns are violent and chaotic. The Phantom Thieves are
working for justice. Outside the law, yes, as vigilantes, yes, but justice all the same. The two
are not the same. Are our orders still to locate the perpetrator of the breakdowns, or have we
been given orders to chase the Phantom Thieves?"

Sae grit her teeth. "Our orders have not changed."

"Then I believe we should continue our investigation as we've been conducting it," Naoto
said, rising. "I have an appointment, so please excuse me."

Naoto turned and strode out of the room. She was sure that Sae was fuming and Akechi was
stumbling, but she didn't turn to check. Chie followed her out.

"I'm surprised," Chie said.

"Why?"

"Your logic is sound, but I didn't think you'd be so decisive in saying that the Phantom
Thieves aren't the perpetrators," Chie said.

"Why? Think about what we went through. There were two sides to those who could enter
the Midnight Channel, each using it for different purposes, and yet the powers were the
same."

"You really think that it's all connected. There's two more groups, or at least two sides, who
are using the Midnight Channel to affect people."



"It's difficult to prove, but yes. Knowing what we know, there's not many other explanations,
outside of blackmail or the use of drugs, and both have been mostly ruled out. We still need
to follow these lines of investigation but my gut is telling me the Midnight Channel is the key
to all of this."

"But then we're back to square one. We still can't access the Midnight Channel."

"So we need to find the people who can. We find the Phantom Thieves and then work out the
rest from there."

"So we are chasing them? I'm so confused."

"We are, but I don't want them involved. I don't think they're the ones behind the shutdowns,
but Sae-san will pin it to them."

Chie sighed. "Yeah, you're probably right."

They paused for a moment for the elevator to open. They stepped in.

"So what was all that research for, anyway?" Chie asked.

"Ah, yes, that was the invoices for all of the suppliers of invisible ink and flash paper that
could have shipped it here in the last month. I did some math based on the video and the size
of the board and calculated how much of each they would need to pull off the stunt. None of
those suppliers sold anything in that much bulk in the last month - not even if you added it up
over several vendors."

"Oh, I see," Chie said. "So that means we're dealing with a magician. Someone who already
had those supplies."

"Or, someone who knows how to make them," Naoto said. "But in any case, I hope you like
magic, because we need to start going through all of the magicians and illusionists in Tokyo
and narrowing it down."

"Right, I'll get on it. And I'll be discreet so the others don't find out...though I'm not as
worried about Akechi after that. He made two pretty big leaps in there. He may be talented,
but he's still a kid without the training," Chie said.

"Mm," Naoto said. "Except...I'm not sure those were mistakes."

"Eh? What do you mean?"

"If he had made the leap once - that the Phantom Thieves were involved - then I would have
marked it up as a mistake. But, he did it twice by saying that there was a 'group' involved. It's
like he wants to subconsciously reinforce the idea that the Phantom Thieves are the guilty
party," Naoto said.

"Why would he want to do that?"

The elevator door opened and they entered the lobby.



"My grandfather was the one who came up with the whole 'Detective Prince' thing, you
know. I was a kid, I didn't have the authority to do anything and no one would ever give it to
me. But, if I had fame, I could use that as leverage to get access. I never enjoyed it, though
I've continued to use it because it's useful. However, with Akechi...I think he does enjoy it.
And Akechi taking down the Phantom Thieves is much flashier. It would generate much
more attention for him."

"You really think he's that smart? That's a lot of forethought," Chie said. "Could be he's just a
kid."

Naoto shook her head, uncertain.

"We'll just have to keep an eye on him."



Chapter 245: 6/5 - After School
Chapter Summary

Nanako scouts real estate.

"It's really nice," Nanako said. She stood in the center of what would be the lobby. The
interior of the building had been stripped down to its bare bones, but it wasn't hard to imagine
what it could look like. By using the same wood flooring and coloring schemes of the Amagi
Inn in Inaba, this little place could look just like it.

Yukiko pursed her lips and scanned around the lobby again. Nanako followed her gaze, trying
to figure out what she was looking for. Scattered all along the lobby was big bro and his
friends.

"I demand to speak to the manager!" Yosuke said to Chie at the front desk.

"I am the manager!" she replied, shaking her fist.

"Well I want to speak to the super-manager!"

"I'm the super-manager," Yu said, stepping in behind Chie. "If you got a problem with how
we run things around here, maybe you can go sleep in a dumpster!"

Nanako giggled and turned towards the front.

"You can't use a sign like that, it'd be too gaudy," Kanji said.

"But it would attract attention and bring in business," Rise said.

"The Amagi Inn is about having a traditional experience, you can't just change the vibe like
that," Kanji grumbled.

"But people in the city don't want traditional-traditional, they want city-traditional. They
want it sorta like a traditional experience, but with all the amenities of modern life," Rise
countered.

"Eh, I guess...I still think that a sign like that is too much. There's more subtle ways to do it."

Nanako looked over at Yukiko again. Her face was criss-crossed with worry and concern. She
looked like she needed to get out of her own head.

"Is it me, or is Rise's closest girlfriend Kanji?"



Yukiko's concern broke into laughter. Nanako laughed along with her.

"Thanks, Nanako-chan. This is just a big decision, and I want to make sure it's the right one."

"The rooms are very nice," Naoto said as she entered from a nearby hall. "And the kitchen
seems modern, though I suppose I don't know a whole lot about those sorts of things."

"You're right, it is. It has everything we would need. The only real investment would be to
decorate."

"Do you want to run two inns?" Nanako asked.

"That's the question, isn't it? Inaba is great and business has been good. We have a little extra,
which is why we can even think about leasing this place. But it would be a lot of work, and a
lot of risk. I think we would have to move to the city and Sadao isn't keen on that...neither am
I, to be honest. I want to raise my children in Inaba, but I don't know how we could leave the
second inn to an outside manager. I don't think my parents are in a place where they'd want to
come run the Tokyo Inn, either..."

"It sounds like you don't want to," Nanako said.

"Mm, but I also worry about whether or not the inn in Inaba will survive. Lots of small inns
haven't done well in the last few years. The world is always changing, and the demand for
such a place may not be enough over time. What happens if people stop coming? A Tokyo
Inn could make a lot more money and give us some more financial security," Yukiko said.

"There's only one way to settle this, super-manager! Wrestle!"

Yosuke dove over the front desk. He and Yu tumbled across the floor in mock combat.

"Come on you dorks, cut it out," Rise commanded. "This is my birthday party. Yu, you're
messing up your nice shirt!"

"Sorry love, this is just something a man has to do," Yu replied before putting Yosuke in a
headlock.

"Hey, no fair, I was actually stopping!"

"Not my fault you let your guard down."

Rise rolled her eyes and walked over to Yukiko and Nanako.

"Well, are you going to go for it?"

"I still haven't decided," Yukiko said.

"Well, let us know when you meet with the real estate person. I want to make sure they're not
trying to pull one over on you," Rise said. Yukiko let out a sigh of relief.

"That would be great, thank you."



"Yeah, let me know too, I'll make a call," Kanji said.

"Yes, thank you, thank you all..." Yukiko sniffled, wiping away a tear. "You're such good
friends."

"Hey, hey, it's okay," Rise said, wrapping her arms around her.

"I'm fine, it's these stupid pregnancy hormones," Yukiko said. "I start crying at everything..."

"Three, two, one, pin!"

Everyone turned around to see that Chie had put both Yu and Yosuke into submission holds.

"There, wrestling over, Chie-Tenchou wins, now get up and let's go eat already."

The three of them got up and dusted themselves off. Everyone started filing out of the inn. Yu
and Yosuke were in the back.

"Is she always going to be stronger than us?" Yosuke asked.

"Hey, I'm not ashamed, I'm just a writer. You're the PE teacher, you should be working out all
day."

"I guess I need to start doing the exercises with the students," Yosuke grumbled.

Waiting at the curbside was the limo that Rise had ordered. She had insisted it was the only
way for them to travel for her birthday, since it was the only thing that could carry all of
them. It was strange though, Yu always seemed hesitant about limos.

Pi pi pi

Nanako pulled out her phone.

 

ANN: Hey, Yusuke, are you all right?

YUSUKE: Yes, though the police have questioned me several times. There's also quite a
stir about the finances regarding Madarame's attellier. But I have been assured there will
be some answers tomorrow.

RYUJI: Damn. Well, let us know if you need anything, okay man?

YUSUKE: Thank you, I appreciate it.

NANAKO: Hey, what if we meet tomorrow? We need to celebrate our victory, right?

RYUUJI: Oh, hell yes! We don't got the cash like last time, but we can figure something
out.

REN: Let's meet at the Shibuya Station.



ANN: Okay! See you all there!



Chapter 246: 6/5 - Night
Chapter Summary

Burn my dread.

The evening was fun. Nanako and big bro's friends ate and laughed and talked, all in
celebration of Rise's birthday. But by the time she got back home, Nanako was completely
wiped out. She still hadn't fully recovered from conquering Madarame's shadow. What she
needed was sleep.

Solid, deep sleep.

It was almost like she needed an extra hour in the middle of the night to catch up on her rest.

So Nanako was extra annoyed when she had the sensation of waking amidst her sleep - the
same sensation she always felt when she went to visit Margaret.

Except it...wasn't?

Nanako had a hard time focusing. It felt like she was still half-asleep, tossing and turning in
fits and starts.

No, she wasn't tossing and turning. She was being tossed. Not downwards towards Margaret.

Upwards.

"Wha-...why..." Nanako managed to mutter to herself. She focused on the sound of her own
voice, looking for something to anchor onto. As she did, the grogginess started to lift. Her
eyes opened and the blurry masses of color cleared into shapes.

Stars.

She was floating in the stars, standing on an invisible platform. Everything around her had a
green hue to it, coming from the massive green light on her left side. She turned her head
slightly.

It was the moon? But much larger than she'd ever seen it.

And...green?

"Hello, Nanako."



Nanako jumped, startled. She started to turn around to face the voice, but she felt a hand grip
onto her bicep.

"No. Don't turn around."

"O-okay..." Nanako said. Confusion and fear lit up in her brain, especially as she realized that
the Compendium wasn't with her.

"I'm a friend," the voice said. It was a girl's voice, about her age if Nanako had to guess.

"Where am I?"

"Mm. Well that's actually a pretty complicated question. I guess the simple answer would be
you're at my place. Try not to think too hard about it," the girl said.

"So...what do you want with me?"

"A favor," the girl said. "Well, I guess it's a favor. It's not much of a favor, because I think I
understand you pretty well, Nanako-chan, and this is a favor you would probably do anyway.
Does that really count as a favor?"

"Depends on the conditions," Nanako replied. She felt around her leg - no gun either. She
tried to reach into her mind to look for Izanagi, but he wasn't there.

"Mm. Do you play video games at all, Nanako-chan?"

"I've played a few," Nanako said, frowning. This was a lot to take in, and it still felt like her
mind was still a little groggy.

"Well, your tutorial levels are completed," the girl said. "And now you're moving on to the
real deal. Once you strike at this next target, you'll be forever set on the path. You'll attract his
attention, and you won't be able to stop until it's all done."

"Who are you talking about?" Nanako asked.

"Don't worry about all of that. I can see a little bit ahead, but not a lot. Even if I could, it feels
like one of those things I shouldn't tell you? I'm sorry, I'm kinda new at this spooky presence
thing."

"I'll say...what are you, a new goddess or something?"

"Something like that," the girl said. "Okay, back on track here! Your next target is trying to
hurt someone very dear to me. If you could, while you're taking out the next target, please
protect him. He's a good man with a good heart, and he does not deserve what he's about to
go through."

"How can you know my next target when I don't know my next target?"

"I told you, I can see a little bit ahead. So, what do you think? As I said, I think you would've
done this anyway, but I thought I'd try and talk to you directly."



"I mean, if a person is in trouble, of course I'll help them," Nanako said. "But...if you can do
all of this, why not help him yourself?"

"Wish I could, but my normal duties keep me pretty busy."

There was a low rumble, one that shook Nanako deep down to the bones. It was hard to know
exactly what made that sound, but she was pretty sure it was coming from behind her.
Nanako moved to turn around again, but this time a naginata blade swept down in the air
beside Nanako, hovering at eye level.

"I have to insist you not turn around," the girl said. "Believe me, you don't want to."

"Can you give me any more details?"

"Hmm...that would be a fair trade, wouldn't it? Okay, I'll tell you this. You don't need to
worry about finding a new target, it will come straight to you. Oh! I know! If you help him
out, I'll let you borrow one of my Personas. That'd be useful to you, right?"

"You have a Persona?"

"I have a whole book of 'em. But you get nothing unless you agree to help me!"

"I uh...okay?"

"Oh, thank you Nanako-chan! Thank you so very, very much."

To Nanako's surprise, she felt the girl hug her from behind.

"Um...sorry, but what do I call you? And how do I get in touch with you again?"

"Oh, right. My name is Kotone. And don't worry about that, we'll talk again, for sure."

The rumble returned. It was so unnerving to Nanako, though she couldn't explain why. There
was some sort of primordial terror that was activated when she heard it. Kotone sighed.

"Well, guess it's back to work. Thanks again, Nanako-chan. Oh, and good luck with Ren! I'm
rooting for you!"

"Wait, wha-?"

Nanako woke up.

-- 

SOCIAL LINK RANK UP

Aeon: Kotone(?)

Level 1



Chapter 247: 6/6 - Afternoon
Chapter Summary

A celebration begins.

Chapter Notes

Holy moly! It's been a WHOLE YEAR of writing this fanfiction!

First, sorry for the lack of updates lately. I'm finishing up production on my book and
I'm trying to get it out as soon as I can and it's taking up a lot of my creative brain power
and free time. It should pick up in a week or two, but don't worry, I haven't abandoned
this!

Secondly, THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR READING. This started out as a random
Pandemic Project, just a silly little challenge I gave myself when I kept seeing people on
Reddit post about how they wished Nanako had been a Phantom Thief. I didn't think it
would A) take this long or B) become such an enjoyable part of my life. And a lot of
that comes from you, the readers! Whether you've been with me the whole year or you're
just binging through right now, I super appreciate your kudos, your bookmarks, and
especially all of your comments.

I hope you'll stick around. Some of the things I'm most excited to write about are still
coming up!

Here's to another year!

The Phantom Thieves were assembled in Shibuya Station. It was a little humid. The real hot
and sticky summer was still ahead, but it seemed like today was a preview.

Nanako sipped out of her milk tea bottle. Most everyone was on their phones, scrolling
through.

She hadn't told anyone about her new friend, Kotone. It was the same impulse she had
whenever she thought about Margaret - something told her to keep it to herself. But the visit
was having an unforeseen effect on her meetings with the thieves. While the rest were
frantically going through the fallout of Madarame's change of heart and looking for another
target, Nanako felt serene. She had been told that the next target would come straight to them,
so there wasn't a need to worry herself about it.



"It's a frustrating balance of positive vs negative comments on the Phansite," Yusuke
remarked. "For every positive response there are three or four negative ones...all of this talk
about how we're vigilantes who take the law into our own hands."

"Yeah, it's frustrating," Ryuji grumbled. "I mean what the hell, the guy is obviously guilty!
Was anyone else going to do anything about it!?"

"Maybe they're just scared," Ren pointed out. "Everyone has secrets. They're worried that one
day they're just going to start spilling them out to everyone."

"I still think what we did was right. The positive comments may be lower, but there are a lot
of people I think who are silently gaining courage from us. If we just keep at it, I bet that
ratio will swing way in the other direction," Ann said.

"Um, Yusuke," Nanako said. "What's with all the luggage?"

Everyone looked up from their phones and at Yusuke, who had a rolling suitcase strapped
together with some art supplies.

"Ah, yes, this. Well, Madarame's assets have been seized pending further investigation, so I
was to move to the dormitory. However, I can't live there, it's too crowded and noisy and
fully of strange people. So I have decided to move into Ann's place."

"What?!" Ann cried.

"I've bought this wonderful set of sweets as a thank you present for your parents. I hope it's to
their taste."

"Yusuke, you can't just declare you're moving in with someone..." Nanako said with a sigh.
"You didn't even ask Ann, did you?"

"Did I neglect to do that? Ah, my apologies. Ann, would it be all right if-"

"No!"

Yusuke looked legitimately confused.

"But I spent the last of my money on these sweets...and where am I supposed to go..."

"Seriously, dude?" Ryuji said. Even Ren was pinching his nose beneath his glasses.

"Let's head to LeBlanc," Ren said. "We can regroup there and figure out what to do with
Yusuke. He can sleep on my couch if needs must."

They got on the train.

**

The bell on LeBlanc's door jingled.



"Oh, you brought the whole crew again," Boss said. "And a new face."

"Sorry to barge in on you like this, Boss," Ann said, stepping to the front. "We were going to
hang out upstairs a bit, it if you don't mind."

He shrugged. "Not like there's any customers to bother. But you're sweet for asking. And it
seems like you're keeping him on the straight and narrow, so I suppose it's the least I can do.
You guys want some coffee?"

"Yes, please!" Nanako said, leaping onto a bar stool without a second thought. Boss
chuckled.

"Well, I'll need help," he said to Ren. Ren nodded and slipped behind the counter to wash his
hands and put on his apron. The rest of the Thieves sat at the bar while Boss and Ren made
the coffee.

Ren set the pourover mug right in front of Nanako. She watched him intently, his beautifully
dexterous hands pouring the water onto the grounds in a perfect spiral. Nanako breathed in
the aroma and sighed dreamily.

"I could get used to this," she said to him. Ren smiled.

"You going to become a regular customer?"

"Mm, that wasn't exactly what I was thinking..." she said, trailing off. She imagined what it
would be like to be sitting at her dining room table while this gorgeous man made her coffee
in the morning. He could still wear an apron. Maybe just an apron.

He lifted the pourover off the mug and gently pushed it forward.

"Enjoy," he said with a smile that made her heart skip a few beats. Nanako raised the mug to
her lips and sipped.

Perfect.

"Augh!" Ryuji cried. "It's so bitter! Seriously, how does Nanako drink so much of this?"

"You can add some cream, you know," Ann said, pushing the cream pitcher towards him.

"Ugh, milky bitterness? I guess I could add sugar, but that wouldnt' help either..."

Boss only laughed.

"I didn't like coffee at your age either. Maybe you'll grow into it."

The team sipped coffee - Ryuji had a glass of water - while Ren finished up making his own
coffee.

"Let's head up," he said, mug in hand. Everyone grabbed their bags and cups and headed up
the stairs.



Except Nanako.

"Hey, Boss...I have a favor to ask you."

"Hm? What is it?"

Nanako had to think very carefully about how she wanted to put this. It was a pretty big favor
to be asking, and the way Ren described Boss was that he was kind of a hardass. But
Nanako's instinctst old her that he had a kind core beneath the gruffness - not unlike her own
father.

"The new person you saw, he's our friend too. His name is Yusuke, and uh...well, you saw the
news recently right? About that artist, Madarame?"

"Yeah?"

"He was his student. And since they're seizing all of Madarame's assets, Yusuke doesn't have
anywhere to go. He has no family."

"Ah. I see where this is going..."

"I'm sorry to ask. Ren was going to, I'm sure, but...it puts him in an awkward position to ask
these things since you're already providing so much to him. I'm sure that Yusuke has other
options that we haven't thought about yet, but at least for tonight if he could-"

"It's fine," Boss said.

"Really?"

"If Ren wants to share that space, I have no issue with it. Maybe a roommate will help keep
him on the straight and narrow. You all seem to be a good influence on him. I'm relieved, to
be honest."

Nanako smiled. "Thank you so much. If there's anything I can do to repay you..."

"It's fine. Why don't you head on up? I'm sure your friends are waiting."

Nanako picked up her coffee mug and started for the stairs.

"By the way, your coffee is still the best in the world."

She couldn't see it, but Boss smiled and blushed.

Up in the loft, the table had already been pulled out from the wall and everyone was sitting
around the table.

"Hey, check it out!" Ryuji said, pulling out a portable stove from the shelves.

"Ooh! Ooh! Hot pot!" Ann said excitedly. "Let's do a hot pot to celebrate our victory and
welcome Yusuke!"



"Aw, really?" Morgana said. "But last time we ate such a fancy meal..."

"Last time we got a lotta cash from Kamoshida's duplicate medal," Ryuji said. "We ain't got
anything to sell this time."

"A hot pot sounds great," Ren said. "I haven't done one in forever."

"We must eat it with porridge afterwards," Yusuke said.

"No way, udon!" Nanako said. "I have a perfect recipe for it. Leave the ingredients and
cooking to me! You'll be blown away by the Dojima Special Hotpot."

"We'll get the ingredients," Ann said. "You guys get the pot."

Ann and Nanako slipped back downstairs.

"We're going to do a hotpot," Nanako said to Boss. "Just going to get ingredients. We'll be
right back!"

Boss nodded. The bells to LeBlanc's door jangled as Ann and Nanako left for the market
down the street.



Chapter 248: 6/6 - Evening
Chapter Summary

Nanako makes a hot pot.

"Come on, it's taking too long, turn up the heat!" Ryuji said, reaching over to the stove knob.
Nanako flicked him in the forehead.

"No way, you turn up the heat and you're going to ruin it," Nanako said.

"But-"

Nanako turned and gave him her best impersonation of the "Dojima Cop Glare." It must've
been pretty good, because Ryuji grumbled and gave up.

"I'm starving..."

"It'll be worth the wait, Nanako's a great cook," Ann said. "Here, have more chips."

She handed the bag to Ryuji, who took a handful and started crunching.

"Nanako's a good cook? That's surprisingly domestic of you," Yusuke said.

"I've done it since I was little, after my mom died. Then when my dad got remarried, my new
mom would teach me. She's even better than me. In fact, she is the creator of this wonderful
Dojima Style Shabu Shabu you're about to eat."

"Is your mother preparing you to be a good housewife?" Yusuke asked.

"That's kinda blunt, Yusuke," Nanako pointed out. "But no, I don't think it's about that. It was
just something fun for us to do together. I was just glad I wasn't doing it alone at that point, I
didn't really care. My dad is a terrible cook."

"I apologize for the bluntness," Yusuke said. "It is something I admittedly would look for in a
wife. I am not very good at cooking either."

"I wouldn't mind doing the cooking for my husband, but I think ideally I'd like to cook
alongside someone," Nanako said. She tried to fight it, but her gaze drifted over to Ren, who
was sitting on the opposite end of the hotpot.

"I've been learning to cook curry from Boss," he said. "So I could take care of a wife who
couldn't cook, if I keep at it...though I think I would prefer someone I could cook with too.
It's a project where you immediately enjoy the results."



They locked eyes through the steam of the simmering hot pot.

"Ha, I guess you're screwed then," Ryuji said to Ann. "I bet you can't cook worth crap."

"Hey! Just because it's true doesn't mean you have to say it." Ann crossed her arms, then
flicked one twin tail with the back of her hand and gave Ryuji the side eye.

"I guess I'll just have to get my own wife," Ann said.

Ryuji laughed. Everyone did, including Ann. But Nanako could see the mixed expression on
Ann's face as she was measuring everyone's reactions, equal parts terrified and thrilled she
was admitting her truth to them - even if it was a "joke." Nanako supposed this was Ann's
way of working up to it.

Nanako started serving up bowls not long after. They ate hungrily. They laughed. They all
showered Nanako with praise for her excellent cooking. They talked about the other great
meals they'd had in the past - Nanako's mom once told her that the way you can tell you've
done a good job with a meal is if they start talking about past meals.

They ate until they felt like they were going to burst.

"Well...definitely not as classy as the last celebration...but filling, nonetheless," Morgana said
from his perch on Ren's bed. "My compliments, Nanako."

"Why thank you, Morgana," Nanako said with a little curtsey as she started cleaning up the
pot.

"What about the porridge? Or even the udon?" Yusuke said, though his heart wasn't in it. He'd
eaten so much that Nanako thought that the broth was going to start leaking from his eyes.

"Ugh, save it for next time," Ryuji said.

In the aftermath of the meal, Nanako decided to execute her plan. She nudged the
conversation towards the Kamoshida, and the events that lead up to them finding Yusuke and
Madarame. As Nanako had promised, they shared their pasts with Yusuke - it was only fair,
since he had so much laid bare before the rest of the team. Nanako talked about her patchy
memories of being kidnapped in the Metaverse. Ann talked about Kamoshida. So did Ryuji,
though he elaborated a little more on his own life, talking about how his father had walked
out on him and his mom a while ago, leaving them in a tough spot.

And Ren.

Ren and his "crimes."

To Nanako's surprise, Ren told the whole story: a drunken man, a scared woman, an
incompetent cop that did whatever he was told. False accusations, the power of money and
influence, Japan's "99% conviction rate" all worked against him and shoved him into the role
of "criminal."

He was only saved by his age.



"You know...we've all had pretty rough backgrounds. We're kinda the same in that way," Ann
said.

"It's what gives us the strength to stand up to what's wrong," Ren said. "We wouldn't have the
drive to get even if we were never wronged in the first place."

"Pain sucks, but it's led us to power," Ryuji said. "I'm glad I found you guys, and this
purpose."

"I feel a kinship with all of you as well...you know my story, but knowing yours makes your
actions all the more admirable," Yusuke said. "For you to fight past your own personal pain
and help others, that is truly inspiring...and if you'll have me, I wish to continue on with you
in your mission. I too wish to be a Phantom Thief."

"Psh, of course, you already are, no need to ask," Ryuji said.

"Yeah. You're one of us," Ann added.

"Hm...then I guess the only odd one out here is me," Morgana said. "I don't have any
memories to go off of."

"But your lost memories are a wrong too," Nanako said. "And if you're the odd one out, so
am I. How is what you're going through any different than me? And my trauma...I mean,
mine is kinda done and dealt with. Maybe that's why I can't summon up a Phantom Thief
outfit...I'm not really in that much pain."

"You're one of us too," Ren cut in.

"Yeah, stuck with us until the end," Ryuji said before pounding his chest to help a burp
escape. "Now all we gotta do is find our next target. The Phantom Thieves ain't stopping until
we stomp out evil or we die."

Ann yawned. "Can we look tomorrow? I'm totally wiped..."

"Yeah, we better get going," Nanako said, looking at the time on her phone.

"I'll walk you guys," Ryuji said. "You two going to be okay?"

"Yes. For the first time, I think I will," Yusuke said.

--

SOCIAL LINK RANK UP

Judgment: The Phantom Thieves

Level 2



Chapter 249: 6/7 - Early Morning
Chapter Summary

Sojiro gets a painting.

"Coffee?"

Yusuke was startled to see Boss was already standing behind the counter when he descended.

"My apologies. I didn't realize you were already here," he said.

"Well, it is a coffee shop. Wouldn't do me much good to open later in the day, would it? But,
sit down. I don't open for another hour, and you should have a cup."

"Thank you," Yusuke said, taking his seat. Boss set to work brewing the cup.

"So...I noticed my wall looks a little different..."

"Yes. I'm sorry, I had been carrying it around with me and it seemed wrong not to display it.
It was...well, my mother's," Yusuke said.

Boss finished making the coffee and set the cup in front of him. They both looked at the wall.

The Sayuri.

The true Sayuri, with babe in arms.

"You're the kid from the Madarame incident, right?" Boss asked. "That's what the girls told
me, anyway."

"Yes. I apologize for intruding on you, but my life has been in a bit of an upheaval."

"Mm, well that's hardly your fault now, is it? I never got your name, though."

"Ah, my apologies again. My name is Yusuke Kitagawa."

"Kit-...Kitagawa?"

"Yes," Yusuke said, taking a long sip from the cup in front of him. "Exceptional, Boss. You
really are an artist of the cafe."

"Yeah...thanks..." Boss frowned, crossing his arms. "Listen, Kitagawa, if you want to stay
here, you can. As long as you like, rent free. I mean, you'd have to share the space up there
with what's-his-name, but..."



"That is very kind of you," Yusuke said. "However, after last night, I came to decision. I will
be returning to the dormitories. It will be an adjustment for sure, but my scholarship pays for
my room and board there. To impose on someone else when I have the means of supporting
myself is simply inexcusable. Supporting myself is a point of pride for me, now. I will never
allow myself to rely on another again."

"Well, I admire the sentiment, but don't take it too literally," Boss said. "Sometimes people
need help, and you need to have enough humility to take it. What Madarame did was
horrible, but don't turn around and punish yourself to spite him. If you ever need anything,
you come to me, you understand?"

"Thank you, you are too kind, especially to a stranger such as myself."

Boss looked away, needing to compose his face.

"Yeah. Well. Character flaw, I guess."

"May I give it to you to display here?"

"Eh? Give what?"

"The Sayuri," he said, motioning to the painting. "It won't do for it to remain in my dorm
room unseen, and I don't think any art gallery would take it. They would see it as a fake. But
here, in the humility of a coffee shop where the common person can come and enjoy its
beauty...I think my mother would like that."

"It's too good for this junky old place," Boss said. "But if that's what you want, I'm more than
happy to hold onto it for you. For now. When you're ready to take it back, you let me know."

Yusuke finished his coffee and stood up, his little luggage carrier ready to go.

"Would you give my thanks to Ren for allowing me to invade his space?"

"Sure."

"I'll be going now. But I'm sure I will see you again."

"Drop by anytime," Sojiro said, and meant it. Yusuke gave a slight bow, then strode out of the
front of LeBlanc.

Sojiro lifted his glasses and rubbed his eyes.

"Hoo boy," he said. He walked over to the Sayuri and stared at it.

It did look a lot like Fujiko, now that he thought about it.

"Amamiya, Kitagawa," Sojiro muttered to himself. "Damnit you assholes, why did you keep
having kids if you were just going to foist them on me? I got my own problems, you know."

Nobody answered him. Of course, Kitagawa couldn't. And as for the other...well...



*Pipipi*.

"Hello? Hm? Oh, yes, right, Akihabara. Yes, I'll go at noon. I can't go earlier than that, I have
to run the shop!"

Sojiro went to go deal with one of those problems.



Chapter 250: 6/7 - Morning
Chapter Summary

Left on read.

"Your friend left it here," Sojiro said.

Ren nodded. He'd been looking at the Sayuri while eating his morning curry.

"Nice kid," Sojiro added. He was pretending to watch the TV while Ren finished up with his
breakfast. "Said he went to Kousei Academy, though. Where'd you meet him?"

"I didn't," Ren said coolly. "Ann did. He approached her to model for a painting. We got to
know each other when they tried to work together."

"Tried?"

"Creative differences," Ren said. "But he ended up reaching out to us when the thing with his
mentor fell apart. He doesn't have any other friends."

"Mm," Sojiro said.

Ren wondered why he was asking. It was the first time Sojiro had taken such interest in Ren's
life, other than his regular threats to "stay on the straight and narrow" or he'd be thrown out.
It also seemed like Sojiro didn't quite believe Ren's answers. He wondered what conclusion
Sojiro was jumping to.

"It looks good there," Ren offered. Sojiro shrugged.

"Better than what was there...you better get going, you're going to be late."

Ren downed the last bit of coffee in his mug and scooped up the bag. Morgana had already
finished his serving of curry, as usual. Sojiro set to cleaning the dishes.

Ren paused by the door way and pulled out his phone. He set the camera to take a selfie, then
positioned the shot so that the Sayuri was the center of the picture, with half of his face
showing in the foreground. He snapped the picture, then pushed through the front door of
LeBlanc.

"Hey, we better keep a low profile for a while," Morgana said, poking his head out. "The
police will probably be on the lookout for the Phantom Thieves again, and they'll definitely
head to your school...hey what're you doing?"



"Just sending a text," Ren said. He swiped down his contact list until he found an old
conversation. It hadn't been used in months now, which was shocking considering at one
point it was used every day.

He selected the picture he just took of the Sayuri and himself and sent it.

He watched the status as he waited for the train.

When he was on the train, the status of the message switched to "read."

But no reply.

So he added something:

"Sayuri, in its true form. Painted by the mother of Yusuke Kitagawa."

Send.

"READ."

Nothing.

Ren slipped the phone back into his pocket and adjusted his glasses. He expected as much.

Still, it hurt a little.



Chapter 251: 6/7 - Lunchtime
Chapter Summary

Nanako daydreams.

It was raining.

Instead of hanging out by the vending machines, the Shujn members of the Phantom Thieves
ate in their classroom, with Ann, Ren, and Nanako having pushed their desks together in the
corner. Ryuji lounged in a spare chair, having apparently not brought any lunch.

"You gotta eat, you know," Nanako reprimanded him, gently. "And it has to be nutritious.
You can't just live off snacks."

"I eat fine, I just got busy this morning."

"More like you slept in and had to rush to school," Ann said.

"Hey, just because it's true doesn't mean you gotta call me out on it..."

They ate. The rain pattered on the window. Nanako stared at the rivers sliding down the glass
pane, thinking.

This had all started because of a kiss and a question. The kiss from the boy sitting at her
right, a stolen moment under the Inaba night sky. The question from dreams: what had
happened to her ten years ago, really?

And even though a lot had happened since February, she didn't really feel any closer to
resolving either of those things. Yes, she was friends with Ren now, and her feelings for him
were growing more powerful. That schoolgirl infatuation had been burned away through the
fires of combat. Now what she felt for him was so much deeper.

Sometimes it was a comfortable glow, the quiet satisfaction she felt when he was nearby.
They didn't even have to talk. Just being in each other's presence was enough to nourish her
soul.

Sometimes it was an exhilarating admiration. Despite her own prowess in the Metaverse, she
had to admit there was something special about "Joker." His flare for the dramatic, his grace
and cunning, the supernatural, preternatural way he moved...it was larger than life. He was a
superhero.

Sometimes it was a much more intense feeling. The memory of that kiss was fading in her
mind, becoming more and more difficult to re-live. She wanted another one. And she wanted



more. She wanted to wrap herself around him, consume him, absorb him. She wanted to
explore every piece of him, inside and out, and discover what-

"Hey, you okay?" Ann asked. Nanako jumped, startled.

"HuhwhatyesI'mfinewhyareyouaskingmethat-" The words came out of Nanako like a
firehose.

"No reason, you were just sorta spacey there," Ann said. She watched Nanako a moment,
then smirked. Nanako felt an embarrassing flush cross her cheeks. Had she figured out what
she was daydreaming about? It wouldn't surprise her. Nanako supposed that's what best
friends were for.

Best friend. Was Ann her best friend? Nanako certainly felt that way. That was a lovely idea
to hold in her heart.

"Hey," Ren said, reaching out with his hand to touch Nanako's wrist. It was a simple move,
just to get her attention, but it had her heart racing. The thoughts Ann had interrupted came
crashing back in a muddled mess, and Nanako couldn't figure out how to make a coherent
sentence. She just stared at him, longing.

"Which field trip did you pick?" he asked.

Field...trip...

Oh, right. Some part of logic fired back up in her brain. There was a social studies field trip
for the upcoming Thursday.

"Oh. Uh, neither seemed that great. I was thinking TV station?"

"That's what I did," Ryuji said. "They both suck, but at the TV station we might see a
celebrity or something."

"Why don't we all go to that one together? If we have to be bored, at least we'll be bored
together," Ann said.

"Sounds like a good idea to me," Ren said.

"Yeah, sure, let's do that."

"But make sure you guys keep a low profile," Morgana said from inside of Ren's desk. Ren
was surreptitiously taking pieces of his lunch and slipping them down to Morgana throughout
their meal. "Remember what we saw this morning?"

There had been a new poster plastered all over the school from Principal Kobayakawa - if
you have any information about suspicious activity, contact the student council. No doubt
part of Niijima's doing. Her hunt for the Phantom Thieves continued.

What worried Nanako was that Niijima was probably smart enough to figure it out, if they
weren't very, very careful. On top of that, Nanako had spotted a couple of detectives speaking



with Chuono-sensei earlier that morning.

"Yeah, yeah," Ryuji grumbled.

"We also have a math exam coming up," Nanako pointed out. "Have you been studying?"

"Sorta."

"That's a no," Ann said.

"Again, you don't have to always call me out."

"We can have a study session tonight if you guys aren't busy," Nanako said.

"I have a job," Ann said, trying to look disappointed, but clearly not. Best friends or not, Ann
wasn't about studying.

"I have somewhere I need to be, too," Ren said. "Sorry. But you two should study."

"Nah, it's fine, you don't gotta trouble yourself-"

"Ryuji," Nanako said firmly. "You gotta keep your scores up. At least in the middle,
remember? We're studying. No excuses."

"Man..."

They ate some more. Nanako glanced over at Ren. The last time she and Ryuji had studied, it
had become a disagreement. She searched his face carefully.

He took off his glasses, pretending to clean them. His eyes met hers, and smiled.

It really was okay by him.

Nanako soaked up that gaze, hoping it could fuel her heart a little longer.



Chapter 252: 6/7 - After School
Chapter Summary

Kaichou wa Keiji-sama

Makoto took three deep breaths.

She had a headache that was pulsing in time with her heartbeat. She could feel the pressure
on her right temple.

Bump. Bump. Bump. Pulse. Pulse. Pulse. Pain. Pain. Pain.

Stress, she supposed. Stress that had caused her to miss lunch and breakfast, which wasn't
helping the stress on her body.

She reached into the drawer in the student council room and pulled out the jumbo jar of
ibuprofen, popped three into her palm, and swallowed it without water.

Hold it together, Makoto. Hold it together.

"Kaichou?"

Makoto felt a startle leap through her, but somehow her body remained composed. She turned
around to see that two of her council members had entered the room without her noticing.
Wada, the male member, was a second year. Tamura, the female member, was a third year.
They both had looks of concern on their face.

"Wada, Tamura. Is there something wrong? We didn't have a meeting schedule for today..."

The two looked at each other before taking seats at the council table. Makoto followed suit,
taking her usual spot at the head.

"It's about that posting, kaichou..."

"Oh, that," Makoto said, trying to hide her annoyance. "Principal Kobayakawa put that up
without asking me about it. Honestly, asking us to gather information-"

"Kaichou," Tamura interrupted. "I'm sorry to interrupt, but we already got some anonymous
information that we think you should know about."

Makoto frowned. "Really?"

"Yes. Here."



Tamura dug through her bag and pulled out a folder. She slid it with two hands across the
table, where Makoto retrieved several sheets of paper.

"They say things like 'I've heard students are getting threatened and I'm scared' or 'my friend
is caught up in this, we need help,'" Wada added.

"Hold on a moment," Makoto said. "You mean...this is related to the scammers targeting high
school students, right?"

"Well, of course," Tamura said. "What else would it be?"

The Phantom Thieves is of course what else it could be. The rumors surrounding them had
only intensified after the recent event with that artist, Madarame. To Makoto, Kobayakawa's
posting was very clear: if you know something about the Phantom Thieves at Shujin, turn
them in.

Except, the student population hadn't thought of it that way. Makoto had of course been asked
by Kobayakawa to follow up an investigation on that, but fortunately Lieutenant Sanada had
put a stop to that. Except, by posting that up, he was trying to force Makoto's hand.

It wasn't the first time they had gotten some information on this issue, though the rest of the
council hadn't known that was what it was about. The first reports they got were vague.
Makoto might not have even figured out what they were talking about if she hadn't already
been involved with Sanada.

But, now the information was intensifying. More and more Shujin students were being
affected, whether by the sheer number of them being targeted, or because their friends and
peers were being harmed, or just by the fear of being drawn into it.

Something had to be done.

"I see. This is good information, thank you for bringing it to my attention. I'll let Principal
Kobyakawa know right away."

Wada and Tamura both looked relieved. They said their goodbyes and excused themselves for
the day. Makoto locked the student council room once they left and pulled out her phone.

"Sanada," the voice on the other line said.

"It's Niijima. The younger one," Makoto said, wincing at how awkward the introduction was.

"Yes?"

"There's a problem. The individual is intensifying his pressure on the student population here.
I've got at least at dozen more, and they're a lot more detailed and fearful than the ones I told
you about before."

"I see. That is a problem," he said calmly. Makoto waited for an elaboration on what he said,
but got none. She frowned, thinking.



"Are you with someone right now?"

"Yes."

Aha. So whoever it was, he couldn't speak freely.

"I think my previous idea still works," Makoto said. "If I get drawn into the scam, we have an
insider."

"No," is all he said.

"Do you have any other ways of getting access to him?"

A pause.

"No. But it's still not worth that kind of risk," he said, his voice lower and quieter, but with a
new sort of intensity. "Please. I don't want to hear about this idea again. Maybe it was a
mistake to get you involved..."

"It wasn't," Makoto said as evenly as she could, trying to keep the angry desperation out of
her voice. "Please. Let's meet soon. We need to act."

"Very well. Give me a couple of days. I have to go."

He hung up. Makoto looked at the phone and frowned.

A couple of days?

How many students were going to be harmed in a couple of days? How many more would
fall prey to this?

She tried to approach the situation logically. She could tell her sister, but that wouldn't do
anything other than cause interdepartmental strife between the prosecutor's office and the
police. This might actually slow down the process rather than speed it up.

And, she'd also end up with a long scolding, which she'd rather avoid.

She could actually tell Kobayakawa, but what did he care? He was hunting the Phantom
Thieves, and not out of any sense of justice, but because he wanted to control the reputation
of the school. Of course, having large swathes of your student population involved in a scam
was also bad for reputation, but one of they keys of Kaneshiro's operation was how cover it
was. Once he figured out that word wouldn't get out to the media, she doubted he would do
anything about it.

She could just listen to Sanada and actually wait. But as valiant as he was in trying to take
Kaneshiro down, did he really have the capacity to do it? So far the "team" was herself, him,
and the part-time baseball coach. She understood why - Kaneshiro had contacts within the
police department. Sanada couldn't trust anyone else.

But he was trying to do it all on his own.



He had asked her, after all. If he was so concerned about not getting her "too involved" then
he shouldn't have started down this path. Even if he hadn't, these messages from the students
would have come about anyway. She would be chasing Kaneshiro down, with or without
him.

So the only way forward was to execute her plan, and hope that Sanada would forgive her for
it later.

It would work.

It had to.

How else could Kaneshiro be stopped?

The Phantom Thieves.

Makoto had to literally slam her hands down on the table.

No. Stupid thought. Get the thought out of her head and as far away as possible.

She couldn't turn to rumors and fairy tales to solve real problems.



Chapter 253: 6/7 - Evening
Chapter Summary

Mrs. Sakamoto

"Are you sure about this?" Ryuji asked. He stood in the doorway of his apartment, his hair
mussed up from being asleep. Nanako glared at him.

"Ryuji, I just walked all the way over here in the rain, you'd better let me in."

"Right, right. Listen, uh, it's not the tidiest place-"

"I'm coming in!"

Nanako pushed him aside, folding her umbrella as she did. There was a umbrella stand in the
corner that she used, then she removed her shoes and her bright blue "Inaba Community
Volunteer" raincoat she had brought from back home.

Ryuji's apartment was small. The living area, kitchen, and dining space were all once spot.
There seemed to be one bathroom, and then two bedrooms. Ryuji rushed over to one of the
bedrooms and slid the door shut.

"I uh..."

"We don't need to go in your room, out here is fine. Get your books."

He groaned, but complied. He brought out books and notes and they sat down to study.

Nanako's previous assessment still held. He wasn't stupid, he was just restless. He needed to
pace, and jitter, and snack, and lie upside down on the couch to concentrate. Whereas Nanako
could sit quietly and lose herself in the content, Ryuji had to be doing something else at the
same time.

It was just too bad the school system was unable to figure out the same thing.

About an hour into the study session, the front door opened. The rain was so loud now that
Nanako could hear it even from the dining table. There was the sounds of a woman
struggling to get into the door.

"I'm home...Ryuji, what is all this over here? Can you help me with the-"

She didn't need to finish the sentence, Ryuji was already up and across the room. He took
several shopping bags from the woman's hands and took them to the kitchen.



"Welcome home, ma," he said. "And uh sorry for the stuff, that's all Nanako's"

"Nanako?"

Nanako stood up at the table and bowed politely to Ryuji's mother when she noticed her.

"Please pardon my intrusion," she said. "My name is Nanako Dojima, I go to school with
Ryuji. We were just studying."

"Studying?" Ryuji's mother looked surprised. "Ryuji, you're here at home with a girl?
Studying? And she's so pretty, too."

"Ma, don't make it a thing, we're just friends," Ryuji called as he unloaded groceries.

Ryuji's mother was the picture of a typical middle-aged Japanese office worker. She had
black hair that was cut conservatively, with streaks of gray in it. She wore a brown blazer and
skirt over a white blouse and a pair of sensible black flats. She looked tired, but smiled
warmly in a way that only mothers could.

"You'll stay for dinner, won't you Nanako?"

"Oh, uh, I wouldn't want to intrude."

"I insist."

"Well, thank you, Mrs. Sakamoto."

"Ryuji, would you mind giving me a hand?"

"I'll help," Nanako offered.

"Nonsense, you're our guest, please sit and relax," Mrs. Sakamoto said. Ryuji went to wash
his hands and take his position beside her.

Nanako watched. Ryuji didn't really cook, he just took orders from his mom. He wasn't bad at
slicing, which seemed to be his main job while Mrs. Sakamoto went to change into more
comfortable clothes. When she returned, she set to boiling water and sauteeing vegetables
and meat with long chopsticks. Ryuji was also in charge of getting the rice in the rice cooker.

"So, Nanako, I don't think I've seen you before around school, and Ryuji certainly doesn't tell
me anything..."

"Oh, well, I'm a transfer student. I met Ryuji at school. He's helped me out a lot in getting
used to things out here in the city, so I thought I'd return the favor by helping him with his
studies."

"Oh, so you're from the country?"

"Yes, ma'am, from Yaso-Inaba."



"Mm, it must be lovely out there. What brings you to the city?"

"Just the opportunities for school. I actually was originally going to join the volleyball team,
but..."

"Oh, well, it's a good thing you didn't. I always knew that Kamoshida was a horrible man,"
Mrs. Sakamoto said, her cooking suddenly taking on an aggressive edge as she took out her
anger on the meat in the pan. "After what he did to Ryuji, I will never forgive him. I hope he
rots in jail for the rest of his life."

"Ma, it's okay," Ryuji said, reassuring her. "I'm fine."

"You are not, he hurt you! I'm glad he got caught by those Phantom Thieves. I just wish I
could have given him some revenge myself."

Nanako hadn't seen much resemblance between Ryuji and his mom, but she could at least see
where he had inherited his temper and his strong sense of justice.

The meal was soon ready. It wasn't anything complex or special, but it smelled delicious.
They all sat at the table to eat.

"Thank you for the meal," Nanako said. She took a bite. "It's delicious!"

"Ah, thank you, you're too kind, Nanako-chan," Mrs. Sakamoto said.

The dinner was enjoyable. Mrs. Sakamoto peppered Nanako with questions the entire time -
about her family, her interests, her future goals, her grades. When she answered them, Mrs.
Sakamoto would drop in a story about Ryuji when he was younger. Ryuji ate silently, trying
escape as un-embarrassed as possible.

"When he first went to school, he cried and cried, wouldn't let go of my leg," Mrs. Sakamoto
said.

"Ma..."

"Oh, yes, of course, I guess I shouldn't embarrass you in front of such a nice young lady. And
so pretty too, didn't I mention that?"

"Ma..."

Nanako held up a hand to her mouth so she could giggle. It was fun to watch Ryuji squirm.
He was always so independent and unstoppable and free-spirited, in school and in the
Metaverse. But at home, he was the dutiful son, as much as he could be.

"I really should get going," Nanako said, realizing the time. "But thank you so much for
dinner."

"You're welcome here any time, Nanako-chan. Especially if you're going to keep Ryuji
improving his school work. He's a bright young man, but no one seems to believe that. Not
even himself. I'm glad you can see it in him, Nanako-chan."



Nanako got up and went to the front to put on her shoes and coat.

"Go on, walk her out. Don't blow this, Ryuji, she's amazing!"

"Ma, it's not like that!"

"Go, go, go."

Ryuji rolled his eyes and walked Nanako out to the balcony of the apartment. The rain had
stopped.

"So...that's my mom."

"She's great," Nanako said. "She reminds me of my mom, a little."

"Yeah, well," Ryuji said, rubbing the back of his head. "Sorry about all that 'she's so pretty'
and 'don't blow it' crap..."

"But I am pretty," Nanako said, batting her eyes at him playfully.

"Hey, save the eye fluttering for Ren," he said with a grin. "Thanks for helping me out with
the school stuff."

"No problem. We'll study again soon."

"Later."

Nanako went home.

-- 

SOCIAL LINK RANK UP

Emperor: Ryuji Sakamoto

Level 4



Chapter 254: 6/8 - Lunchtime
Chapter Summary

Nanako sets up a blind date.

"So what do you think of her?"

Nanako and Ann stood in the bread line. Nanako had hoped to try the yakisoba pan that was
apparently the school favorite, but it always seemed sold out. Today, though, they'd gotten
there a little earlier, and her hopes were high.

Ann held up her phone to Nanako. On the screen was the picture of a beautiful young
woman, slim with dark hair. Clearly a model.

"Uh..." Nanako hesitated. "What do you mean what do I think? Like..."

She leaned closer to Ann and whispered: "Like do I think she's hot or...?"

"No! Not like that!" Ann chided, her cheeks blushing a little. "I mean for Hanamura-sensei."

"Oh!" Nanako looked closer. "I mean, she's really beautiful...do you think she'd actually go
out with him?"

"Oh, totally. I already talked him up to her, and I know she's free tomorrow night. All we
have to do is get him to agree and it's done!"

"Wow, impressive, Ann."

"I know, right? I should be a matchmaker."

"So what's she like?"

"Her name is Mika, and she's very hard-working and strong. She sees me as a sort of rival in
the fashion world, I guess, but I have no hard feelings about that. She's actually quite
inspiring. Ren's met her, we can ask him too."

"Okay, let's go find him right after I get my yakisoba pan," Nanako said, stepping up to the
front of the line. The woman at the counter shook her head.

"Sorry dear, Hijiyama-kun just got the last one."

"Aw."



Pan-less, the girls walked out to the center courtyard. There they saw Ren, Ryuji, and
Mishima talking animatedly about something.

"What's going on here?" Ann asked as they approached. The body language of all three of
them suddenly shifted. Ren remained calm and collected and Ryuji went from animated to
slouchy. Nanako didn't know Mishima very well, but he seemed even more nervous than
usual.

"Ah, nothing, just uh...guy stuff," Ryuji said.

"Ew. Nevermind, don't want to know," Ann said. "Ren, what do you think about Mika?"

"Huh?" Ren's voice was surprised. It was a little thin and reedy. He swallowed. "Uh, what
about her?"

"Do you think she'd be a good match for Hanamura-sensei?" Ann asked.

"As in, a date?"

"Yeah! We're trying to help him out."

"Oh, well uh...is he in to models?"

"Who wouldn't be?" Ryuji asked. "Lemme see...oh, nice. Yeah, I'd be he'd totally be into
that."

"You don't know anything about her personality," Nanako pointed out. "For that matter, do
you know that much about Yos-...Hanamura-sensei's personality?"

"No. But he's a dude and she's super hot, so what's there to know?"

Ann rolled her eyes.

"You guys are un-bear-able and totally useless. Come on, let's just handle this ourselves."

"H-hey, wait," Ren said, standing up. "I can help."

"Only if you want," Nanako said. "We're going to set them up for tomorrow night."

"Oh," he said, sounding a little disappointed.

"Hm?"

"We got plans tomorrow night," Ryuji said, cryptically. "So sorry."

"Whatever," Ann said. The two of them left the courtyard and started for the PE office.

"What's with them?" Nanako asked, feeling confused.

"Ugh, I'd honestly rather not know," Ann said. "Sometimes you just gotta let guys be guys."



Nanako wasn't sure what that meant either. She'd have to ask Rise.

Yosuke was eating lunch alone in the PE office when they found him. Ann and Nanako laid
out the plan.

"No way," Yosuke said with finality. "I don't need my student and my best bro's little sister
setting me up on a blind date. I'm not that pathetic, am I?"

"But she's a real hard worker and a strong person," Nanako insisted, repeating Ann's
description. "And uh...well, look at her!"

Ann brought up the picture on her phone and held it out. Yosuke's eyes widened.

"Seriously? You know her, Takamaki-san?"

"Yes, we're models for the same agency."

"And she's an adult, right?"

Ann nodded. "Yep, she's in her 20s. Just like you, right?"

"And she agreed to go out with me?"

"Yep! But only if you can make it tomorrow night."

"Oh, I will definitely be there...thank you guys. Oh man, I gotta get something to wear. And
how do I contact her?"

"I have her number, I'll write it down for you," Ann said.

Nanako smiled.



Chapter 255: 6/8 - After School
Chapter Summary

Nanako goes vintage clothes shopping.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

"Hey, uh. I have to tell you something," Nanako said with a grimace. "Annnnd you're
definitely not going to like it."

Sano looked confused but said goodbye to his friends and followed Nanako down the hall.

It was still raining outside.

"What's up?"

"I uh...sorta destroyed the jacket."

"What? No way, what happened?"

"I got...paint on it," Nanako replied. At least that wasn't a lie.

"Oh. Well, maybe I can try and clean it-"

"Sorry. I already threw it out. I didn't think it would come off. I mean the paint
was...uh...galvanized..."

Sano frowned. "Galvanized paint...?"

"Yeah, something like that. I'm really sorry. It was a beautiful jacket."

"Yeah, that's too bad, I really wanted others to see it in the cosplay...but at least we got those
pictures, right?"

"Ah, yeah, those came out good?"

"Definitely. Moriko did wonders with them. I thought we sent them?"

"I uh, have been pretty busy."

"I'll send you a link."



They stood a moment, awkward. Nanako had hoped that with a little time and distance that
Sano's attraction to her might have died down. Apparently that wasn't the case - he was still
staring at her with wide, hopeful eyes. Of course, she might be totally off-base and he didn't
feel anything.

Her Dojima Instinct was telling her otherwise, unfortunately.

"Um...did you want me to make you another one?"

"Another jacket?"

"Or, you know. Anything."

"Um. Well. Maybe?" Nanako frowned. She did need a new outfit for going into the
Metaverse, and leather had proven to be quite durable and useful so far. But she didn't have
any ideas this time around. "I'm not exactly sure what, though."

"Mm...you busy right now?"

"Uh. Well, no, not exactly-"

"Great. Come on, I have somewhere I want to show you."

Sano smiled his big bright smile and grabbed his bag and umbrella.

The two of them went to the station and changed lines in Shibuya. They chatted a bit as they
did, mostly about school things.

"Did you hear that the police were on campus again today? I guess someone really thinks the
Phantom Thieves are students," Sano said.

"Oh, really? That's weird. I have a hard time believing that if the Phantom Thieves are real,
that they'd be students."

"You don't think they're real?" Sano asked.

"Um. Well, I mean I guess they could be, since they were in the news. But they're just like,
vigilantes right? Or blackmailers or something."

"I think they're amazing," Sano said. "And I heard that they don't just do these big things.
They have a message board where you can put up your problem and sometimes they actually
help you out. I told my friend to post there the other day because of...well..."

"Hm?"

"Nevermind, it's kind of embarrassing. Let's just say there's a girl who likes him and is
coming on strong. Really strong. Like...pain-inflicting strong."

"Oh," Nanako said. She'd have to check the Phansite later and see if she could figure out what
he was talking about.



The pair of them got out at Kichijoji. Despite the rain, it was still pretty busy as people
weaved in and out of the tight alleyways. The smell of hot food in the rain was amazing, but
Nanako would have to wait. Sano was on a mission.

"Here!"

"A vintage clothing store?"

"Yeah. I love coming here to get some inspiration. It also saves on materials, especially if
you're doing a cosplay that doesn't need a lot of custom pieces. Actually, the hat I got you
was from here. Sometimes people sell their old cosplay stuff here and you can get it cheap
because the owner doesn't know what they have."

They browsed the aisles. There were a lot of interesting outfits to peruse, Nanako found.
Some of it was actually really cute and stylish, and she made a mental note to bring Rise and
Ann back here. But nothing was quite jumping out at her as a new idea for her Phantom Thief
outfit.

Maybe she was doing this backwards. Instead of looking for a signature look, she started to
think about the practicality. The leather served as a good layer of protection, but the last
jacket was too bulky. What she needed was something more maneuverable.

"What about something similar to like, Neo Featherman?" Nanako asked. Sano looked
surprised.

"Really? A Featherman cosplay?"

"Well not that specifically, I just mean something in the same vein? I like how their outfits
are. You know, the boots, the pants..."

"Helmet? Jumpsuit?"

"Uh, maybe not that far. But the boots are definitely cool, I'd love to wear something with
some good leather boots, and maybe like, arm...sleeves?"

"Bracers, I think you mean," Sano said, smiling at her struggle with the terms. "Actually, I
think I have just the thing."

He pulled out his phone, made a few taps and swipes, and turned it toward Nanako. On the
screen was the picture of a young woman wearing a sleek motorcycle outfit, complete with
knee-high boots and protective "bracers" on the arm and the back of the hands. She wore a
very tight leather jumpsuit underneath that. The boots and bracers were black, but the
jumpsuit was amber yellow. The character had a short haircut and a pair of matching amber
yellow sunglasses.

There was text at the bottom of the picture.

"25th Century Bike-chan?" Nanako read.



"Yeah, she's a time traveler from the future who uses her time-cycle to change the course of
World War III. It's an okay manga, the anime adaptation was beautiful. But her character
design is pretty badass...and I'd love a chance to make those bracers."

Nanako nodded. There'd be no way she'd be wearing that yellow jumpsuit in the Metaverse,
but the rest would be useful.

"Okay. Consider the order placed."

"You got it. I'll let you know when it's done."

Chapter End Notes

Hey, I wanna tell you guys something but AO3 rules are strict so if you wanna hear
some stuff, go here!: https://silzeromedia.com/persona



Chapter 256: 6/8 - Evening
Chapter Summary

Nanako cooks.

"Do you think maybe I should've been more direct about things?" Nanako asked. She stood at
the stove, waiting for the broth to simmer. Ann sat at the table, scrolling through her phone
while they chatted. Nanako was making dinner for herself, Rise, and Yu, but the latter two
weren't home yet.

"To Sano? Did he ask you out or confess to you?"

"Well, no, but I know that's how he feels about me."

"That'd be kinda awkward though, don't you think? Like, 'hey, I figured out you like me but I
just wanna tell you to cut it out'. That seems cruel."

"Yeah, I guess," Nanako said with a sigh. "I just wish things weren't so weird."

"Just keep acting normal and I bet it'll even out. Besides, that Moriko girl wants him bad, and
she's a real cosplayer. I bet she'll figure out how to win his heart. Oh, maybe we can even
help her!"

"Uh, how about one matchmaking at a time? I'm still worried about Mika and Yosuke."

"That'll be fine, I'm telling you...though if you want to...you know, add a little help..."

"You want to spy on them, don't you?"

"Just a tiny bit," Ann admitted.

"To be honest, I was thinking the same thing. That way if he's royally messing it up I can text
him or something. But I wasn't going to go because I don't know Mika, but if you're there..."

"The Phantom Thieves of Heart are branching out! First we steal hearts, then we give them to
your true love!"

They both laughed.

"Well, except I can't get my target to steal my heart yet," Nanako grumbled. She went over to
stir the pot. "How about yours?"



"Huh? O-oh, well," Ann blushed. "I went to see Shiho this afternoon, actually. She's stalled a
bit in her physical therapy so I went to cheer her on. She's doing well as can be, I think."

"Yeah, but did you ask her out yet?"

"No!" Ann groaned. "I'm...still working up to it."

"Let's challenge ourselves," Nanako suggested. "If this date with Yosuke goes well, then
obviously we know what we're doing, and we'll both confess. And then we'll help Moriko
win over Sano."

Ann took a deep breath. "Okay, it's a bet."

Pi pi pi.

Nanako looked at her texts.

"Both of them!? Those irresponsible, ungrateful..."

"What's wrong?"

"My bro and Rise aren't coming home for dinner. And I was almost done making it! Oh well.
Guess you're eating with me."

"Oh no, not that," Ann said.

Nanako was irked by Yu and Rise, but at she still felt good about preparing the dinner and
then having Ann stay over for it. Her kindness raised a little.



Chapter 257: 6/9 - Early Morning
Chapter Summary

Nanako asks for a favor.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

"Pleeeeease? Please please please please? I'll majorly owe you one!"

"Firstly," Naoto replied over the phone. "I find it highly suspicious that you think I even have
a 'wire' like that."

"But you do, don't you?" Nanako said.

"Well, yes, but-"

"So can I pleeeaaaase borrow it?"

"I think it would be very irresponsible of me to let you borrow a hidden microphone and not
at least ask what it's for," Naoto said. Nanako frowned. She supposed she had a point. There
were a lot of sketchy and illegal things she could do with something like that.

"Okay, well...see, my friend and I set Yosuke up on a date with a model, and I really want it
to go well but you know how Yosuke is. So I thought that if we could listen in, I could text
him helpful advice if he needed it!"

There was a long pause.

"This is a terrible idea," Naoto said.

"No it's not!"

"I think Yosuke can probably do fine on his own without your help."

"Then why did he need my help to get him a date?"

Another pause.

"I'm going to regret this," Naoto said.

"You totally won't! When can I get it from you?"



Naoto sighed on the other end. "I guess I can meet you at your school. But you give it right
back to me after tonight, do you understand? And if you do anything illegal with it, I'll arrest
you myself."

"Of course, thank you, Naoto! Thank you, thank you!"

Chapter End Notes

Hey, just a quick shoutout to twitter user @bluecoine who has drawn some really cute
fanart sketches! They also have written some really fun thoughts and theories about
Nanako and the story. Check them out here!

https://twitter.com/bluecoine/status/1421812226340515841



Chapter 258: 6/9 - Morning
Chapter Summary

Nanako asks for another favor.

"I need your help with something," Nanako whispered. It was English class, and Chuono-
sensei was going on and on about grammar that Nanako already knew. Ren turned his head
slightly, as if looking out the window.

"What is it?"

"I need you to plant a microphone on Hanamura-sensei."

"I'm sorry, what?"

"It's to help him on his date," Nanako explained. "I don't want him to crash and burn
being....well, himself, so I thought we could listen in on his date and then if I need to I can
text him or something to help him out. But I don't know how to get the microphone on him,
so I need your magic hands."

"This is probably a bad idea, but sure, I'll plant it on him during PE."

"No, that won't work, he won't be wearing those clothes during his date...or at least, he better
not," Nanako frowned, wondering if she needed to tell him that. "Just help me plant it on him
when he leaves for his date this evening. He probably won't recognize you, so if you wait in
front of his apartment-"

"I can't," he interrupted. "I have plans with Ryuji. He's counting on me for something too."

Nanako frowned. RIght, she'd forgotten about that.

"Can't you be late to them or something? I really need your help."

"I..." he hesitated. "Sorry, Nanako, he really is counting on me for this. But, I'll plant it on his
phone or his wallet. He'll definitely have those two things, right?"

Nanako thought about the tiny device Naoto had let her borrow. Yes, it was true, it was a very
sophisticated piece of technology and was very tiny. She supposed it might go unnoticed on
either of those places, especially if Yosuke was busy on the date.

Still, her Dojima Detective senses kept tingling. What the heck was going on with Ryuji that
was so important that he wasn't willing to drop it for her? I mean, not that she owned Ren,



and not like they were dating, and if they were it wasn't like he was required to do everything
she said when she said it but...

...it still hurt, somehow.

"Okay. I'll give it to you at the break."

He nodded.

"Nanako...if you really want me to come with you tonight..."

"No, no, it's fine," Nanako said quickly, a smile spreading across her face. Just offering was
enough for her, she found. "You have fun."

"Uh....r-right."

"Amamiya-kun," Chuono-sensei called out. "Since you seem to be having your own side
conversation with Dojima-san, I imagine that you have all of this mastered? How about a pop
quiz, then? And I don't want you whispering anything into his ear, Dojima-san...in fact, that's
a very good question. Do you remember which literature piece very famously had someone
whispering in their ear?"

"Cyrano de Bergerac," Ren replied. Chuono-sensei glowered.

"...yes, that's right. Cyrano de Bergerac is a play where a man, Cyrano, believes himself to
have a large nose and is too ugly to speak to the woman he loves, so he hires a handsome
man to go speak to her while he tells her what to say."

The typical murmuring in class happened about how everyone was shocked that Ren could
get an answer right.

"Hm, sounds to me like both you and Nanako will be doing a Cyrano tonight," Morgana said
from within his desk.

"Shut up, Morgana," Ren grumbled. Nanako frowned.

What was he up to...?



Chapter 259: 6/9 - Evening
Chapter Summary

The date.

Nanako screwed the baseball cap tighter on her head. She had pulled out her twintails and
tucked as much of her hair into the hat as she could.

"It's showtime!"

She pumped her hand in the air.

People ignored her as they walked by.

It wasn't as fun to say when there was no one else around.

The baseball cap was black. It, along with the rest of her outfit, had been hastily purloined
that afternoon from Rise's closet. Nanako hadn't realized until that moment that she didn't
have anything appropriately...spy-y, for her evening mission. She did have her own black
pants, but she had to borrow the cap, a plain black backpack, and a black turtleneck.

She definitely blended in now.

Well, except that the turtleneck fit a bit funny. Rise was pretty short. The neck part fit
perfectly, but the sleeves were a little short, making them look like a stylish 3/4 sleeve top. It
also was a little short, baring a couple inches of Nanako's midriff.

Oh well. It wasn't like that was going to make her standout.

She grabbed her phone and checked the messages.

Where the heck was Ann? She'd already sent five messages to her, and no answer. Nanako
found herself irked, and feeling impatient.

She was standing in front of the station at Kichijoji, where she'd followed Yosuke and Mika
from his apartment. She'd messaged Ann to meet her there, since she missed the rendezvous
at Yosuke's apartment. Now Yosuke and Mika had been gone twenty minutes and still no
Ann.

Nanako couldn't let Yosuke keep doing this on his own! His propensity to shove his foot
down his own throat was just way too strong. And if Ann had picked out a good match for
him, then this was truly a moment where he could find great happiness!



And...well...

...part of her really wanted to tell Ren how she felt.

That sealed it. She couldn't wait anymore. She was a Phantom Thief, after all! The inimitable
Angel! The country girl with a heart of gold and a book of demons! Surely, she could do this
alone!

She opened the app on her phone. The listening device that Naoto let her borrow was more
than just a microphone, it was also a GPS tracker. The whole thing came with a specialized
app that Naoto had to put on her phone. A dot appeared on a map on the screen, and Nanako
followed it.

The dot led her to a building with a brick facade and a red sign that read "Jazz Jin." A picture
of a piano was set on the side of the door. The door led to a set of stairs that led underground.
Beautiful music drifted up the stairs.

Well, at least Yosuke had taken Mika somewhere with some class. Nanako had worried when
they got to Kichijoji that he'd drag her to one of the outdoor bars and ruin the whole thing.
Nanako stepped towards the entrance.

"Whoah, wait a second," a voice called out. Nanako jumped, startled. A guy in sunglasses
walked from across the street. He had been speaking with an employee in the opposite store,
but seemed to be working for Jazz Jin. Nanako turned to look at the guy.

"This is a club, miss. You can't go in, you're under age."

"I-I'm 20," Nanako insisted.

"Uh huh. And I'm famous saxophone player Sadao Kujo."

"Wow, really? It's an honor to meet you, sir, I hope I can get a chance to hear you play-"

"I was being sarcastic. Get outta here, or else I'm calling the cops."

Nanako grimaced and nodded. She turned and started for the side street.

"Also next time you wanna sneak into a club, maybe don't dress like you're in a bad spy
movie."

Nanako frowned. Jerk. Her outfit was awesome! But that didn't matter at the moment, she
had to figure out her next move.

Once she rounded the corner, Nanako stuck one earbud in and opened the app again, hoping
she was close enough to still connect to the microphone. She watched the spinning status
wheel apprehensively, praying to whatever spirits of eavesdropping that might exist to help
her.

CONNECTED.



"Yeah, so then that's when I switched majors in University to pursue teaching. I figured I'd
had enough shitty teachers growing up that I could do something about it."

"Ah, okay, Mika said. It was the first time Nanako had heard Mika's voice. She
sounded...well, in all honesty, a little stuck up. She was acting sweet enough at the moment,
but there was some undercurrent in her voice that was setting off alarms in Nanako's Dojima
Detective sense.

"Ann-chan said that you were the son of the owner of Junes," Mika said. "I told her that was
absolutely impossible, I mean, surely a good looking nice guy like you would've been spoiled
with that much wealth."

"Ha ha, really? She must've gotten it all confused. My dad is a regional manager for Junes. I
wonder how she even found that out, it's not exactly something to brag about."

Uh oh.

"Regional manager? Seriously?" Mika said, her voice now dripping with irritation.

Nanako switched to her messages.

 

NANAKO: Ann, seriously, where are you!?

No reply.

Damnit, she needed to get into that club and do something. But how? This was the real world,
not the Metaverse, all of her usual tricks for infiltration wouldn't work. She'd need an expert
in-...

She called Ren.

"H-hello?" Ren answered. His voice sounded strained and thin.

"Hey, I need your help, I'm-"

"N-n-nanako!?" he yelped. "Uh, this isn't a good time! Really, I gotta go!"

"What!? Seriously!?"

Before Ren could say anything else, Nanako heard several things happen in the background.

"We got your back, from out here!" came Ryuji's voice.

Then the sound of a doorbell.

"Master? The door is unlocked, so I'm coming in~!"

"What the-" Nanako started.



"Bye!" Ren said, hanging up.

Nanako stared at her phone.

The heck was that about?

She blinked as a huge raindrop fell onto the screen of her phone. She looked up, seeing thick
clouds overhead. More drops started falling. Nanako rushed over to the nearest awning before
it started coming down harder, then reconnected with the microphone.

OUT OF RANGE.

"Ugh."

She inched her way closer and closer again, until she finally got a signal. Unfortunately, it
meant she had to stand out in the rain, and in the haste of packing her espionage backpack,
she didn't bring an umbrella. The hat helped, but...not a lot.

"I just think you mis-represented yourself a little, that's all. It's not that big of a deal," Mika
said, sounding a perfect mix of sweet and sour.

"Mis-represented myself? That's pretty rich coming from a model. Isn't your whole job mis-
representing yourself?"

"No, Yosuke!" Nanako said at the phone.

"Sorry I'm late!"

Splashing through the rain came Ann, holding an umbrella. She was also wearing black
rainboots, black pants, a black turtleneck, and a black beanie that tried to contain the golden
poof of her hair.

"What happened?" Nanako demanded. Ann came over to hold the umbrella over the both of
them, though it was way too late for it to matter for Nanako.

"I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I couldn't find the right pieces for our infiltration outfit," she said. "And
then my mom called, and then Shiho called...ugh, I'm sorry, I didn't realize how late it was."

"It's okay. But Yosuke's losing her, I need info!"

"Let me hear."

Nanako gave Ann the other earbud.

"Being a model takes a tremendous amount of skill and dedication. You have no idea what it
takes to get my body to look like this, for starters. And then, you have no appreciation for
what it takes to control it."

"Hey, don't paint me out to be a sexist or something! I appreciate the hard work of women in
the entertainment industry, I'm friends with a famous idol!"



"Ha! Another lie, no doubt."

"My rapidly growing disdain for you isn't about your job, Mika-san. It's the fact that you're
clearly a gold digger."

"W-what!? How dare you!"

"She's so tough and cool, isn't she?" Ann said.

"What the heck are you talking about, it's going terribly!"

"Oh, well, that's just kinda how Mika is," Ann said.

"You said they were a good match! That she had a cool personality, that she'd challenge
Yosuke..."

"She does have a cool personality! She's this tough, manipulative, cunning woman. She's like
an anime villain!"

"Yosuke can't date an anime villain! He needs...I don't know what he needs, but not that!"

"Oh. Uh oh," Ann said.

"We gotta help him," Nanako said. "Maybe we can..."

"This date is over. You're just a poor, judgmental pretty boy."

"And you're a vapid shell of a woman whose beauty is only skin deep!"

"I'm leaving," Mika said with finality.

"Fine, good."

There was a long pause.

"It's raining," Mika's voice came back.

"How the hell is that my problem?"

"This is a 50,000 yen dress, I'm not getting it wet. You leave, I'll stay."

"Seriously? I can't believe this..."

Nanako watched as the dot moved along the map. A few moments later, Yosuke emerged
from Jazz Jin. He was wearing a nice suit - black, with a dark blue shirt and a stylish tie. He
stood in the doorway, staring at the wall of water. He didn't seem to have an umbrella either.

"Come on," Nanako said, rushing forward. Ann followed.

It looked like Yosuke was about to accept his fate and just step into the rain, when Nanako
skid in front of him. He blinked, confused.



"Nanako?"

Ann showed up a moment later, umbrella in hand.

"Takamaki? Why are you here? What are you wearing...oh...I see...checking up on me?"

"I uh..." Nanako stammered. Yosuke shook his head. Then he leaned back and laughed.

"Come on," he said, reaching out to take the umbrella from Ann. He held it up high enough
for him an Ann to walk comfortably underneath it. Nanako felt like she'd just crowd them,
and she was soaked anyway, so she walked beside them in the rain.

"Sorry about this," Ann said.

"It's okay, really. You guys did something really nice for me, and I appreciate it...I think
honestly, I've been too scared to date for a while. This didn't go well but...I think it helped me
get over it. Maybe now I'll be able to find someone of my own."

"You deserve that, Yosuke," Nanako said. He smiled.

"Thanks, kid. Hey, you guys hungry? Might as well eat and wait the rain out, right?"

--

SOCIAL LINK RANK UP 
The Moon: Yosuke Hanamura 

Level 3



Chapter 260: 6/10 - Morning
Chapter Summary

Beneath the mask.

Nanako sneezed into her paper mask.

Though it had been fun to eat with Yosuke and Ann after the failed date, she had sat in her
soaked clothes for too long and had now caught a cold over it. She hoped it would pass
quickly, but for now she was all masked-up. She had a couple of bright orange cold medicine
pills in her bag, but she hadn't taken them yet. They always made her feel wired.

The class had met at school and then got on the train to go to the TV station. They were
divided up by class at the moment, with each homeroom teacher leading their group in.
Nanako and Ann were walking in the middle of the pack.

For some reason Ren was in the back.

Way in the back.

If he were any further away from Kawakami-sesei, he'd be in the next class.

"I'm gonna-"

"Yeah, hurry up and go," Ann said, winking and nudging her. Nanako smiled beneath her
mask, grateful for her friend. She slowed her pace and dropped back until she was walking
side by side with Ren.

"You sick?" he asked.

"Yeah...was standing out in the rain too long. It was my dumb fault, I forgot an umbrella in
my spy pack."

"Spy pack?"

"It's...yeah, it was generally a disaster. Mika is uh..."

"Evil?"

"How'd you know?"

"I should've said something the first time you mentioned it," Ren said, adjusting his glasses.
His voice sounded remorseful. "I've been tagging along with Ann on some of her modeling



shoots and she's been around. She's a...well, competitive would be a nice word for it. She's
manipulative, selfish, aggressive...and yet somehow, Ann finds those qualities admirable. She
looks up to her."

"Yeah, it's so odd, isn't it? Ann is so sweet, why would she want to be like her?"

"I don't think she wants to be like her, but I think she admires the fact that Mika is always in
control of a situation. She uses her beauty and wit to get what she wants."

"Mm. I can relate. We all want more control in our lives. I guess that's part of why we do
what we do."

"Still. I knew it wouldn't be a great match for Hanamura-sensei, and I should've said
something. I was too distracted with my own dumb stuff. I'm sorry."

"It's all right. I think it worked out, in an odd sort of way. Um...how did your night go?"

Ren tipped his head forward even more, his hair and glasses hiding even more of his face.

"Have you ever learned something that you wish you could un-learn?"

Nanako immediately thought of Rise waiting at her apartment for Yu in her cat outfit.

"Yeah. That bad, huh?"

"Yeah. It was stupid. I should've just helped you out. Maybe we both would have been better
off."

"We do make a good team, don't we?" Nanako said, leaning over and nudging him with her
shoulder.

"You balance me," Ren said.

The words caught Nanako off-guard. Her heart began to beat a million times a minute, and
she was suddenly glad for her mask, which hid her blushing cheeks.

"You know...I think I do know someone who might be a good match for Hanamura-sensei.
She's a doctor in the clinic in Yogen-Jaya. She's intelligent, beautiful...a little odd, but I think
that might work for him."

"Hmm...and she cares about people being a doctor. How'd you meet her?"

"She's how I get our first aid," Ren said.

"Oh. Well, uh, do you think she'd go for it?"

"I'll find out. Assuming you still want my help."

"I want you for all things, all the time."



Nanako clamped her mouth shut. What the hell kind of thing was that to say!? Wasn't it a
little suggestive, too!?

But Ren didn't react to it.

"Okay. I'll talk to her about it."

"Come on, we're almost in the studio. Let's go catch up to Ann."

"Uh. Maybe she can come here. In the back. Away from the teachers."

"Huh? Why?"

"I'm just...not in to being the teachers today."

Nanako thought about this. No, she supposed based on the things that have happened to him,
there were probably days he didn't want to be around authority figures. Well, it didn't much
matter to Nanako, she'd been in a TV studio dozens of times.

"Okay, I'll go get her."

"Thanks."



Chapter 261: 6/10 - Afternoon
Chapter Summary

Nanako endures a field trip.

"...as you know, there are 'commercial breaks' that occur during a broadcast. This is the way
our corporate sponsors pay for the programming you see on TV," the woman droned on.

"Isn't this stuff obvious?" Ryuji grumbled.

"Yeah, this is like...an elementary school tour," Nanako added. The one good thing about the
tour groups at the TV station was that the classes were able to intermix, allowing Ryuji to slip
away and join the rest of them.

"...the programming department determines what will draw the most viewers. That's why
soap opera reruns are during the day, and alluring news women are put on in the evening."

Ann yawned. Ren seemed to staring out into space.

"This is the worst. I'm definitely not coming back tomorrow," Ryuji said.

"Yes you are," Morgana chided from the bag. "We have to keep a low profile, remember?
You need to act like normal students."

"Easy for you to say, you get to nap in the bag."

"Seems to me like Ren figured out how to nap on his feet," Ann said. She waved a hand in
front of his face, but he didn't react.

"Wow, that's...impressive," Nanako said. "I wonder how he keeps his balance."

Suddenly Ryuji lurched forward, having been shoved by a middle-aged man in a suit from
behind.

"Watch it, asshole!" Ryuji blurted. The man didn't acknowledge it.

"What is going on here!? I can't stand all this noise!"

"I'm sorry sir, I'll move them along right away," said the tour guide. The front of the classes
started to file down into the next hallway, but the Thieves lingered near the back still. The
crowd thinned, and a young man wearing a headset came bounding forward to them.

"Hey, do you wanna be on TV?" he said to Ann. Ann blinked, caught off guard.



"I- what?"

"I'm an associate producer here at the station," he said, reaching into his pocket and
producing a business card. He held it toward her with both hands. "You have a slamming bod
that would look incredible on TV."

"I'm here on a school trip," Ann replied, emphasizing the words as darkly as she could. Her
shoulders rolled forward and she hunched away from him instinctively.

"Yeah, yeah, I get it, can't talk now. Well you can call the number on this card anytime you
want to talk about it. Day...or night. You'll never be a bother."

"Why thank you," Nanako said, stepping forward and taking the card. "Your name and
number will be very useful for the police when I report you in for harassing a
minor...although, I should probably call my father, a detective, first, to find out the exact law
that you're breaking so that my friends in the Tokyo police department won't have to spend a
lot of time looking...of course there might not be enough evidence to actually do anything to
you, but I'm sure if I mention it to my cousin, who's a newspaper reporter, he would love to
run a smear story about producers of this station harassing minors. That'd be great publicity,
especially with how much your station has gone on endlessly about the Kamoshida case,
right?"

The producer turn and walked wordlessly away, moving very rapidly to a place backstage.
Nanako slipped the card into her pocket.

"Thanks," Ann said, looking both relieved and irritated. "Damnit, why can't I ever tell them
off when they start on me like that..."

"Hey, it's not your fault," Nanako said. "I would probably freeze up too, if it were directed at
me."

"It's his fault for being a creep," Ryuji said, his voice angry and hot behind his clenched teeth.
"I'll rip out all their goddamned hearts..."

"Hey, you guys," cut in Kawakami-sensei's voice. She walked to the group. She looked tired,
as usual, but there was a look of understanding as well. She looked about as unimpressed
with this tour as the students.

"I know you're bored, but don't cause any problems, okay? It'll be over soon."

She walked off, but another employee took her spot.

"Hey, it's time for the hands-on experience portion. You, blond guy, you can be the AC, or
assistant camera. You look like you got energy to spare. And bring your frizzy haired friend
too."

"Damnit, why me..." Ryuji grumbled. He walked off to follow the guy.

Ren kept standing there.



Nanako poked him in the side.

"Wake up!"

"Hm? Oh, sorry," he said, adjusting his glasses. "Is it over?"

"Were you seriously hi-bear-nating in the middle of the field trip?" Ann asked.

"Go help Ryuji," Nanako said. Ren shrugged and headed off to follow him.

There weren't apparently any other jobs to do, so Ann and Nanako got to sit and watch the
taping of the next segment - a pretty student from Kosei High who was apparently some sort
of Shogi master. It was interesting to watch, even though Nanako didn't know how to play
Shogi, no matter how many times Naoto tried to teach her.

All the while, Ryuji and Ren ran back and forth, lugging cables.



Chapter 262: 6/10 - After School
Chapter Summary

Delicious pancakes.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

"Man...not even going to the bathroom made me feel better," Ryuji grumbled. The Phantom
Thieves had retreated into the hallway in the last twenty minutes of the official school day,
and were now just waiting out the clock. Once the time was up, they could just leave directly
from the hall.

It was Ren's idea.

"Yeah, today sucked for all of us," Ann said, scowling at the memory of the sleazy producer
that hit on her. Maybe Nanako should carry out her threats after all...

"Aren't we supposed to be guests!? Why are we doing all the manual labor!?"

"But hey, you know, maybe it's not all bad," Ann said, suddenly looking brighter. "We don't
come out to this part of the city that often, we should relax and check out the area."

"Ooh, ohhh, I know a place! I want to check out that huge pancake looking place we passed
on the way here! It looked delicious! What is it!?" Morgana said, practically leaping out of
Ren's bag.

"Oh, you mean Dome Town? The center is a baseball stadium for the Yomiuri Giants, and all
along the outside is an amusement park," Ryuji explained.

"It's right in a business district, but the rides are still pretty hardcore," Ann added.

"All right, let's go! I'll prove to you how courageous I am! Especially to you, Lady Ann."

"Going on a scary ride doesn't really prove any kind of courage..."

"How are you going to be on the ride, anyway?" Nanako cut in. "I don't think the safety
harnesses will fit you. You can't just ride in Ren's bag, that'll be way too dangerous."

"Aw..."

"Ah, I think Ren-ren could hold on to him, but he'd probably puke. Hell, he puked on the
train from just bopping his head."



"H-hey, let's see you endure that kind of abuse and not have a reaction!" Morgana shot back.

"Well whatever, now I'm feeling Dome Town, let's go, eh?"

"Yeah! My stomach's ready for roller coasters. Nanako, what do you think? "

"Uh..." she adjusted her face mask. "I'll go, but maybe I'll just watch you guys. Not sure it's
good for my cold...also roller coasters....uh..."

"Wait a second, have you ever been on one?" Ryuji asked.

"Well, I mean...once...at a fair...but it was...tiny..."

"Oh now you have to go! You're totally missing out!" Ryuji insisted.

"Oh leave her alone, if she doesn't want to, she doesn't have to," Ann said.

"I'll sit with you, if you want," Ren said. Nanako's heart started pumping.

"W-well, if that was the case, maybe I could find the courage..."

"Oh, excuse me."

The Phantom Thieves all turned to the end of the hallway at once.

"I couldn't help but notice your uniforms. Are you students of Shujin Academy?"

Nanako couldn't believe her eyes.

It was that boy, the new detective prince. Akechi.

He looked pretty much the same as he did when they had shared that train ride together -
sweet and charming, his long hair arranged beautifully around his handsome face. He still
carried his briefcase.

The expression on his face seeemd...shy. It made Nanako want to give him a hug and tell him
it would be okay.

"Oh, he-"

"Yeah, we are, whaddya want?" Ryuji said, cutting Nanako off before she could greet him.

"I happened to be passing by and thought it'd be polite to greet you. We are filming together
tomorrow, after all. Ah, where are my manners! My name is Goro Akechi."

"So-"

"Filming? What are you a celebrity?" Ryuji said, cutting off Nanako again.

"Only to the extent of appearing on TV a couple of times," he said, shyly. He looked so
surprisingly vulnerable to Nanako. Why was she having this reaction with him?



"So uh...you're going to have cake now?" he asked awkwardly. "I missed lunch today, so I'm
quite hungry myself."

"Well, actu-"

"Huh? Cake? What are you talking about?" Ryuji said. Was he just waiting to interrupt
Nanako!? What was going on!?

"O-oh, am I mistaken?" Akechi said, his face suddenly panic-stricken and embarrassed. "I'm
so very sorry, I thought I heard you talking about delicious pancakes..."

"It's-"

"I apologize for interrupting, I truly was just passing by. I have to attend a briefing for
tomorrow's recording now...see you tomorrow."

He bowed slightly, still looking embarrassed and shy, and rushed down the hall.

"Huh. What a chump," Ryuji said. "I bet he's some kind of up-and-coming entertainer or
presenter or something. Nobody'll ever take him seriously though. I mean, look at his hair."

"I think his hair looks cute," Nanako blurted, trying to speak before someone else cut her off.

"Really?" Ren asked. Nanako's eyes went wide.

"U-uh yeah, for an enteratiner, I mean. Girls will totally go for that kind of thing. Right
Ann?"

"Oh, yeah, for sure," Ann jumped in. "He's TV-cute, you know? Not the kind of guy you'd
want to date in real life, but fun to look at on the screen."

"Exactly!" Nanako said. She was lucky to have Ann as a wing-woman.

"Oh," Ren said, adjusting his glasses.

"Well, let's go already!" Ryuji said.

"I need to use the restroom real quick," Nanako said. She turned down the hall.

Why hadn't Akechi recognized her? She thought that their conversation had been fun and
pleasant...was she really that forgettable?

Then again, a celebrity like that must meet a lot of people. It'd be hard to remember everyone.

...except he was supposed to be a detective prince.

But that didn't mean he had everything memorized, right? Sometimes Naoto seemed to forget
other things when she was working on a case. It was like she employed the Sherlock Holmes
method of "dumping out useless information" to the point of lacking common sense. So



maybe he had just done that. Nothing personal, just that he needed the valuable brain space
for-

Oh!

Nanako stood by the sink in front of the mirror.

Right. She was wearing a face mask because of her cold. She'd forgotten.

Mystery solved, Nanako used the restroom and washed her hands. It felt nice to know that
maybe Akechi hadn't completely forgotten about her. Not that it really mattered, though, did
it? She did have Ren...well, she sort of had Ren.

Actually, the two of them were kind of similar. Both cute. Both had some amazing skills. But
both were kind of shy and awkward. It was an endearing combination, that level of super-
competence and that level of social awkwardness.

Ugh, why was she getting so boy crazy all of the sudden? Maybe she did need to ride a roller
coaster or two to see if it would straighten her head out...

She dried her hands on a paper towel and tossed it at the trash can.

She reached for the door.

Then paused.

"Wait a second...pancakes..."

Chapter End Notes

Fun fact: I caught the pancake thing the first time. Too many hours playing Phoenix
Wright.

I felt pretty cool about it, but I also wonder if I missed out on the excitement of the
reveal, lol.

Speaking of PW, I've actually been streaming the Great Ace Attorney. It's so good!



Chapter 263: 6/10 - Evening
Chapter Summary

Kaichou wa detective-sama.

It had taken a hours for Makoto to attract the right guy.

He was everything she'd thought he'd be. A whispy goatee. A loud, patterned shirt. Overused
the word "babe."

"So whaddya say, babe? Wanna make some hard, cold cash?"

She was pretty sure the phrase was "cold, hard cash" but she ignored it and smiled.

"Sounds good to me. Tell me more."

Her acting was terrible. Her nerves were crackling beneath her skin. A more observant
criminal might have caught on to that and bailed, but this one didn't seem to be particularly
observant. He was happy to lead her down Central Street in Shibuya until they found a nice
side alley. He looked around for anyone else who might already be using the shadows, then
lit up a cigarette.

"So here's how the job works-"

"I already know how it works," Makoto said, cutting him off. "I'm not actually here to work
for you. I want to work with you."

"-you just take this...wait, what?"

The cigarette hung dumbly from his lower lip as his brain worked in overdrive to try and
figure out what was going on.

"I know all about your operation," Makoto continued. "You've been using a lot of students
from Shujin Academy as your mules, right? Well, i just happen to be the student council
president."

"The hell?" The criminal puffed himself up, trying to look intimidating. "What are you gonna
do, tell on me to your principal?"

Makoto sighed, dramatically.

"You're missing the point. I'm not trying to stop you, I want to work with you. Did you go to
high school when you were younger?"



"The hell is that supposed to mean?!" he snapped back.

Makoto took that as a "no."

"Student council presidents have a surprising amount of power. I can order students do a
great number of things, and they'll do it for fear of losing status in the school and not getting
the letters of recommendation they need. This is especially true at Shujin. Now think about
this for a second, you must spend a lot of time trying to find new workers, right? What if you
could skip that part entirely? What if all you had to do was call me and I could send you a
fresh-faced idiotic student to do whatever you needed?"

"You could do that?"

"Certainly. And at the same time, I can divert any investigations going on to our students.
You'd have a very strong supply line, and the cops wouldn't interfere."

"This...yeah....this could totally work..."

"I want to speak to your boss."

The criminal's face turned dour.

"Why?"

"I know you want to try and keep me all to yourself, but honestly, do you think your boss is
going to be happy if you do? He's going to find out. He finds out everything."

Makoto didn't know for sure if Kaneshiro had that kind of power, but it was a good guess.
And judging by the criminal's reaction, she was right. He looked nervous and took a long
drag from his cigarette.

"Yeah, right, good point...shit, you do know a lot about the operation, don't you?"

"Don't worry, when the boss asks about who came up with this idea, I'll tell him you were a
tremendous help. You'll be rewarded, for sure."

"Yeah...yeah, okay, that'll work great. Listen, you meet me here at this same place tomorrow
night, and we'll make it happen. I'm gonna be rich!"

"We both are," Makoto said with a grin. He nodded and stuck his hands in his pockets.

"All right, see ya then."

He turned and continued out of the alley. Makoto went back the way she came and kept a
quick pace until she got back to Central Street.

She took a deep breath and watched the world a moment. Shibuya was so shiny, so
illuminated, and yet dark things happened there every day. She knew that the deal she made
was just one of hundreds.



But...if this worked, then maybe everything would be just a little brighter.

She turned to go home.



Chapter 264: 6/11 - Early Morning
Chapter Summary

Lunch.

"Surprisingly, we have ingredients to make California Rolls," Yu said to himself early that
morning.

The last time he made a bento for Nanako, she'd forgotten it in her haste to go visit the
Madarame exhibit. But, today was a Friday - a perfectly normal school day. There'd be no
reason for her not be able to eat it.

Time to show some brotherly love!

He diligently sliced and chopped ingredients while the rice finished in the rice cooker. He'd
made these dozens of times before, and knew every step perfectly.

...except this one.

He stood there, clad in his apron, tapping his chin in concentration.

Was he supposed to wait for the rice to cool first then mix it? Or mix and cool
simultaneously?

"Simultaneously!" he said in a triumphant whisper.

Soon, the bento packed with beautifully constructed California Rolls sat on the counter. Yu
scrubbed up the dishes and replaced his apron on the wall.

"Hey big bro, what smells good?" Nanako asked as she zipped into the kitchen, already
dressed for the day.

"I made you a bento," Yu said, beaming.

"Oh, thank you!...except, I'm going on a school trip today, to the TV station. I won't be able
to carry that around with me."

"Oh."

"I'm sorry...maybe I can-"

"No no, it's okay. I'll get you the next time."

She squeezed her arms tightly around him.



"Thanks, big bro."

And then she was off.

A moment later, Rise walked in, her auburn hair still a mess, clad in one of Yu's button-down
shirts. She stretched and yawned.

"Hey sexy butt. What's up?"

"I made you a bento for today," Yu said.

"Aw, thanks! That's so cute."

She bounced over and kissed him on the cheek.

Yu felt his proficiency and charm rising.



Chapter 265: 6/11 - Afternoon
Chapter Summary

Debate.

"Oh my God, it's Akechi!"

The first squeal was followed by ten more. Nanako's Shujin classmates apparently had
Akechi Fever, and it took a moment for the producers to get them to quiet down enough to
start the show. Akechi sat on a couch beside the two hosts.

Nanako sat between Ren and Ann. Ryuji was on the other side of Ann.

"And we're back. Today's guest is a making a return due to popular demand. He's a high
school student with a rather unusual part-time job. Please welcome back to the show the
Detective Prince himself, Goro Akechi."

"Thank you for having me back," Akechi said, his voice sweet and his smile wide and bright.
The squeals came back in full force.

"It seems your popularity continues to steadily rise," the male host said.

"Yes, I'm quite flattered by it, though it can be a bit embarrassing at times."

The hosts went through some banal chit-chat. Nanako found herself tuning out. This was the
easier part of the school trip, where they "got" to see a TV show being taped. While a lot of
her classmates were excited about it, Nanako had been in too many TV studios to care
anymore. This wasn't even a very nice one...

"So Akechi-kun, we've been told you have a case on your mind."

"Indeed. I've been very interested in the case of the fraud perpetrated by the so-called 'master'
artist, Madarame."

Nanako sat up. And while Ren didn't move, visibly, she could feel his energy and attention
shift as well.

"Ah, so you're enamored with the Phantom Thieves as well? Do you think they're real?"

"I hope they are," he said.

Nanako's Dojima Sense nagged at her. She focused her entire attention on Akechi, trying to
figure out what it was about him that was setting off alarm bells in her head.



"Really? That's surprising, Akechi-kun."

"Oh, don't misunderstand me. I hope they're real the same way I wish Santa Claus were real.
But in the same way, reality is not as sweet as the fantasy."

"Because Santa Claus isn't real?" the woman asked.

"Because if Santa Claus were real, I'd have to arrest him for breaking and entering."

The crowd laughed, the girls swooned. Akechi's eyes twinkled, but there was a grim
undertone to what he just said.

"So you believe they are real?"

"I don't have evidence to support either way. But if they are, then I believe they should be
arrested and tried in a court of law."

The energy in the room shifted immediately. The squeals turned to harsh whispers and stifled
gasps.

"That's quite the statement. Do you believe they're committing crimes? Many commentators
have stated that Phantom Thieves are simply helping criminals renounce their pasts," the man
said.

"What Madarame did was a truly horrific crime spree that lasted decades. However, the
Phantom Thieves are not appointed members of law enforcement. While we may enjoy
manga and anime that depict vigilantes who take the law into their own hands, the reality is,
as I said before, not so sweet. What gives them the right to pass judgment onto others?
Furthermore, if they truly have some ability to change someone's heart, then they should not
use that power without their consent."

"That's a good point," the woman said. "They do call themselves the Phantom Thieves, after
all."

"That is all hypothetical, of course. We don't know if the Phantom Thieves exist...in fact at
this point, I'd be rather embarrassed if they didn't. If they don't, I suppose I could write this up
and turn it in as a creative writing assignment."

The crowd laughed again, swayed by Akechi's magnetic charm. It was remarkable how easily
he controlled the mood of the room, Nanako noted. He came across as such a shy and
unassuming boy. There was obviously much more to him than what appeared on the surface,
however.

"How about we get some perspective? We have some students your age in the audience
today, Akechi-kun. Audience, reach down and pick up your poll controller beneath your seat.
If you believe that the Phantom Thieves exist, press your button now."

The Phantom Thieves each picked up their controllers and pressed the button.

"Hm, about 30%," said the man.



"That's more than I would have suspected," Akechi said. "I'd love to hear some more detailed
opinions, if possible."

The woman rose and walked into the audience, microphone in hand. Nanako felt her heart
pumping as she got closer to them.

"How about this student here?" she said, shoving the microphone into Ren's hand. "If the
Phantom Thieves are real, what are your opinion of them?"

Ren tried to push the microphone back into her hand, but she kept pushing it back. Then she
motioned for him to stand up while one of the directors nearby hissed at him to 'stand up
already' and 'keep the show moving.'

Reluctantly, the leader of the Phantom Thieves stood up.

"I, uh..." Ren started. He glanced around, looking at Akechi. Akechi smiled.

"There's no need to be nervous," he said. "We're peers, after all. Think of this as nothing more
than a school debate."

"W-well..." Ren said, clearing his throat. "In that case, I believe that the Phantom Thieves are
a stronger representation of justice than anything else Japan offers."

There was a gasp across the student body - Nanako included. She didn't think he'd come out
and say such a strong positive opinion of it. Ren's entire strategy was always to blend in, to
be nothing more than "the criminal kid" and be ignored.

What was he doing?

"That's a rather strong statement," Akechi said, crossing his legs. "Could you elaborate?"

"I just mean that..." Ren took a deep breath and he started to stand straighter. "The justice that
the legal system upholds is the one that benefits the people who created it. It doesn't always
benefit normal people who sometimes suffer under its system."

"I'm afraid I have to disagree with you on that notion," Akechi said. "Justice is the righting of
wrongs. But who decides what is 'right' and what is 'wrong' if not society? In a democratic
society, like ours, it is the people who decide the law makers, and therefore it is the people
who define right and wrong. Considering the majority of people seem quite content with the
system, I would say that if there are those who suffer, it is those who deserve to suffer."

"Any system can be taken advantage of," Ren cut in. "The Japanese Diet was written by the
Americans, who built their society on the foundations of the Enlightenment Thinkers. A
common theme in the thinkers of that era is that of 'natural laws' and 'natural rights.' They
believed that every human being was entitled to freedom, the opportunity to succeed, the
right to a fair trial. And yet those ideals have been twisted by cultural norms of filial piety
and the ramshackle ghosts of Confucianism."

Akechi sat up in the edge of his seat. His eyes seemed to sparkle.



"So you challenge the Japanese way of life? Of a collectivist society?"

"I challenge a legal system that has a 99% conviction rate. Do we really believe every
member of our law enforcement, no matter how honorable and hard-working they are, to be
that infallible?"

"And so where do the Phantom Thieves lie in the landscape of the great Enlightenment
Thinkers? Would Voltaire and Locke praise individuals who seemingly can force the guilty to
spill their secrets into the world? Does that challenge the right of freedom by denying the
right of privacy?"

"Our society already dictates that privacy is limited when that privacy infringes on the rights
of others. How else would the police be able to investigate?"

"And we're out of time!" the woman said suddenly, yanking the microphone back from Ren's
hands. "Well, that was certainly spirited."

"I do apologize, it was all my fault," Akechi said with a sheepish smile. "I get a little carried
away in matters of philosophy. I thank the young man for indulging me."

"Oh Akechi-kun, you needn't apologize! A brain like yours needs to run wild every once in a
while. But speaking of running wild, are there any women in your life?"

Nanako tuned Akechi out and looked at Ren. By the time he was at the end of his debate, the
false Ren that he wore to the world was gone. He stood there with all the strength and
confidence he had in the Metaverse. He was Ren, but he was also Joker, all at the same time.

It was...confusing.

It was nice to see him that way - a merging of his two true selves.

But why had it come out then?

"What was that about?" Ryuji hissed, leaning across when Ren sat down.

"Sorry. He just sorta...pissed me off."

"Ah. Yeah, I get that. He pisses me off too," Ryuji said, satisfied with the answer.

"I think you two are pissed off for different reasons..." Ann said.

"Hey," Nanako whispered, leaning into his shoulder. "Are you okay?"

"Yeah."

A production assistant hushed them. Nanako turned away and watched the next segment
silently.

--



"I"m surprised to find someone so well versed in the philosophy of justice," called Akechi.
The filming was over and the students were simply waiting out the clock so they could go
straight home. The field trip was over. "I rather enjoyed our little debate. To paraphrase
Hegel, there can be no thesis without antithesis."

"I would say that I'm not a fan of Hegel, but that would be a lie and needlessly contrarian,"
Ren said.

"It's so rare for me to find someone intellectually stimulating...I was wondering...if you were
interested, would you like to chat again? Someone with your intellect but an opposing
viewpoint would do me some good."

He held out his hand. Ren looked down at it, extended his own, and shook it.

"Sure."

The two exchanged numbers. Nanako watched silently.

"Oh, I'm sorry I didn't mean to...wait a moment...I know you, don't I?" Akechi said, focusing
on Nanako. Her cold had cleared up overnight, so she was no longer wearing a face mask.

"Yes. Nanako Dojima, we met on the train."

"Oh, of course! Dojima-san, I didn't realize you went to this school as well. Perhaps I
should've gone to Shujin! I didn't realize that's where they kept all the best and brightest."

Pi pi pi.

"Pardon me a moment." Akechi slid out his phone and checked the screen. "Ah, well, this is a
pity, but I must be going. However, we must all talk soon!"

"Certainly," Ren said.

Akechi waved and walked off.

"Where did you learn all that philosophy stuff?" Nanako asked once Akechi was out of
earshot.

"Last year. No friends back in Inaba, and not much else to do. So I started reading. A lot.
Found some solace in the existentialists but kept progressing through the different works."

"You keep surprising me," Nanako said. Ren smiled.

"That's good. I'd hate if you had me fully figured out already. Come on, let's go home."



Chapter 266: 6/11 - Evening
Chapter Summary

Plan gone awry.

Makoto took a deep breath.

This was her plan. She'd made every decision and determined every move. She was just
doing what everyone else in her family had done before her. Her father had done things like
this. Her sister did these sorts of things all the time.

She could, too.

At least, that's what she kept telling herself while her heart hammered away at the inside of
her ribcage.

It didn't help that it was humid. The air was so sticky it felt like she was swimming through
it. She wanted to get out of this dingy alley, buy a cold water from the convenience store, and
just go home.

"Hang in there, Makoto," she whispered to herself. "You can do it."

Three minutes later, three men rounded the corner of the alley. In the center was the man with
the whispy goatee and the loud patterned shirt. On his right was a tall, big man with a shaved
head that had somehow squeezed himself into a too-small gray tracksuit. On his left was an
average-build guy with spiky hair and a flimsy maroon suit, with no tie and the top three
buttons undone.

It's like someone had taken the biggest yakuza-wannabee cliches and brought them to life.

"And here she is, the queen herself," the goatee man said with a flourish.

"Good evening," Makoto replied coldly. "So...which one of you is the one in charge."

"I am," the goatee man said, puffing up his chest. Makoto rolled her eyes.

"I told you last time, if we're going to come to an arrangement, I need to talk to your boss. It's
going to require a lot of boring negotiation and organization, things I'm sure you don't want
to handle."

"Yeah, yeah, I remember you sayin' that. But then I got to thinkin'...sure if I tell the boss, he'll
be happy and reward me and whatever. But then he'll be the one making money hand over fist
every day, while I only get rewarded once. But, if I take over the operation and undercut him,



then I get to be the boss," he said. The two guys on either side of him nodded approvingly.
Apparently the three of them shared one brain cell.

"You can't just do that, can you? Don't you need the suppliers for the drugs? Don't you need
to have an established clientele?"

Goatee man frowned. "The hell, how do you know so much about this? Ah, whatever. You
don't need to worry your pretty little head about it. I'll provide the drugs and you provide the
mules, and we begin a beautiful relationship. I'll cut ya in good, and you'll be rich too. Mm,
and maybe..."

He took a few steps closer, his gaze turning into a leer.

"After you graduate, maybe we can solidify that partnership...you ever think about being a
yakuza wife?"

"Okay, this isn't going to work out," Makoto said with an air of finality. "If you're too stupid
to understand how you can benefit from this deal, then I'll find someone who isn't. I'm sure
your boss has plenty of other lackeys that will be willing to take credit for this."

She turned on her heel to walk away.

A hand grabbed her shoulder.

"Now hold on, we ain't done here- ah!"

With one well-practiced move, Makoto threw goatee man over her shoulder, slamming him
onto his back.

"We are done."

Makoto turned around, drawing her hands up and setting her weight low. While she had
hoped that throwing one man might discourage the other two, she knew they were too dumb
to be intimidated that easily. Track suit started moving first, balling up his big fists.

Makoto didn't wait to launch a counter attack. She took two strides forward and unleashed a
left-right combination punch straight into his belly. Track suit doubled over, and Makoto took
the chance to grab his shoulders and shove him backward. He landed on his butt, into a
puddle of questionable liquid.

"Stupid bitch," said maroon suit, his hand reaching into his coat pocket. When it came out,
Makoto could see the flash of metal between his fingers. He lunged forward, swiping the
knife in huge, dangerous arcs.

Timing, Makoto, timing is everything!

She shuffled back just enough to dodge the first knife slash that was in range. His swings
were huge and powerful, but that meant there was a lot of wind-up time after each strike. His
last swing went from his shoulder across to the opposite hip, which mean the arm was



actually crossed over his body. Makoto closed in, pinning her shoulder against his arm while
her hands shot to his wrist.

"Drop it!" she commanded. She squeezed his fingers together while also twisting his wrist
just so, activating several pressure points in his hand. He convulsed with pain and
involuntarily dropped the knife, which Makoto immediately kicked into the darkness of the
alleyway.

She released his hand and then elbowed him in the chest, which sent him stumbling back.
This put him in perfect range for a side kick, which she landed into his hips. He also fell to
the ground, knocking over a trash can as he did.

"The beautiful student council queen is prickly," the goatee man said, picking himself up.
"But that's all right. If you ain't gonna cooperate, there's other ways you can make us money.
After I try out the merchandise first, of course."

He stuck his fingers in his mouth and let out a loud whistle. From around the corner came
two more guys behind goatee man. She glanced over her shoulder to the opposite end of the
alley. Two more were entering that side while maroon suit and track suit were also picking
themselves up.

Seven enemies total. She wished she'd kept the knife instead of kicking it away.

In her opening attacks against these low-ranked gangsters, she'd tried to not do any
permanent damage - just get them away from her, find an opening, and run. But that wasn't
an option anymore. It didn't matter how well-trained she was or how un-trained they were:
seven to one was terrible odds. It might even be smarter to just give up and take her chances
on finding an escape route later.

Her gut said there'd be no escape later.

Her only option now was to fight, and fight hard. She'd have to make every single attack
count - she'd have to try and kill each man with every attack. She probably wouldn't be able
too, she didn't have the strength or the weapons. But she would have to fight with killing
intent.

They were probably going to take her.

But she'd at least take some of them down, first.

Rage and terror boiled up inside of her, preparing to be the furnace for her battle engine.

"Sorry, sis," she whispered to herself. "I screwed up."

There was shocking and sickening sound of breaking bones from behind her. Makoto spun
around, raising her hands in preparation. She watched as one of the newcomers flew across
one side of the alley and smashed into the wall of the other.

"Tokyo Police, you're all under arrest!"



Standing at the end of the alleyway was Lieutenant Sanada, standing in a boxer's stance.

"Get him!" goatee man cried.

The nearest thug swung two fists and a kick at Sanada, who moved like lightning on the tips
of his feet, zipping back and side to side faster than a man his size should be able to do.
Sanada shot a left jab into the thug's chin and hit "the button" - knocking him out in a single
strike.

Makoto started running towards Sanada, seeing her escape route. Track suit, however, saw
her, and charged at her, dipping his huge shoulders. She tried to side-step out of the way, but
his arms were long and snared her hip. She swung her fists down to slam on his back, but it
was too weak to do anything - she was yanked up into a fireman's carry over his shoulder.

Track suit started running towards the other end of the alley. Makoto stopped pounding on his
back, a futile move, and frantically looked around. Track suit was big and tall, which was
about to work against him.

As he ran through the alley, he didn't see the fire escape he ran directly beneath. Makoto
lifted herself off his shoulder and reached out, snagging the bottom rung of the fire escape
ladder with both hands and held on with all of her strength. The sudden resistance caused
track suit to lose his grip and stumble, and Makoto slipped her legs free.

Unfortunately, her weight was now pulling the fire escape ladder towards the ground. Track
suit was turning around and maroon suit was now rushing towards her. Makoto started to
scramble up the ladder, but they were both too close.

"Flight of the dragon!"

Makoto barely processed what she saw. A person came leaping out of the darkness, running
up the wall, then jumped off of it to do a spinning kick that connected perfectly into the side
of track suit's head. Track suit fell like a tree, landing heavy on the ground. Maroon suit
turned to face the new person - a policewoman with short hair.

"Get out of here!" she yelled up to Makoto, who had frozen. Makoto grit her teeth and kept
climbing. Maroon suit had his hands up, but the policewoman was fast, striking three kicks
into his torso before he knew what hit him.

Makoto made it to the first level of the fire escape then turned around, frantically pulling the
ladder up behind her. She secured the locking mechanism and then ran for the stairs,
ascending to the next level.

Then she stopped and turned to watch.

Sanada and the policewoman made short work of each attacker that came closer. But goatee
man had retreated to the end of the alleyway, a phone up to his ear. A moment later, five more
guys showed up, armed with guns.



The fight was over. The thugs pushed Sanada and the policewoman to the center of the alley,
where goatee man stood.

"Couple of cops playing hero, eh?"

"Not hero," Sanada replied. "Mastermind. That 'student council president' was a fake,
dumbass. She's an undercover officer, and you fell for it. She's got enough evidence on her
wire to put you away for a long time."

Goatee man looked panicked.

"What do we do?" asked maroon suit, whose suit was now stained with more garbage water.

"I...uh...we better get the boss."

"Yeah, good idea."

A car pulled up. Goatee man, maroon suit, and three of the guys with guns escorted Sanada
and the policewoman to the car and pushed them in.

Makoto felt a pit in her chest.

She'd screwed up. She'd overestimated what she'd be able to pull off, and she almost lost her
life and freedom to it. Now she was safe, and Sanada had put them off her trail.

But what was going to happen to him and the policewoman?

Hot, angry tears welled up in her eyes, but she pushed them back down. She'd cry later. Right
now, she had to get out of there and get home, otherwise their sacrifice would be for nothing.
She turned to the stairs and climbed onward, heading for the roof.

Damnit. Damnit damnit damnit.

She had to do something.



Chapter 267: 6/11 -Night
Chapter Summary

Living with Determination.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

"Lieutenant Akihiko Sanada, the sterling silver thorn in my side."

Chie looked between the two men. One, presumably Kaneshiro, sat on the velvet purple
couch, his arm draped around a beautiful, but painfully disinterested, woman. The room was
gaudy and dark, and she didn't want to think about what sort of things had happened in this
room.

"And Officer Chie Satonaka, the up and coming screw up," Kaneshiro said, leaning forward
to pour himself a drink. "To what do I owe the pleasure?"

"They were out in the street messin with us and-"

"Shut up you idiot, I know what happened!" Kaneshiro snapped at the thug with the goatee
and the loud patterned shirt. "Get out of my sight."

The thug did as he was told, dipping out of the room. That didn't improve their odds much,
there were still seven other guys in the room.

"If you're trying to intimidate us by knowing your names, you don't know us very well,"
Akihiko said, crossing his arms.

"In fact, I do know quite a bit about you. I know that people in the department call you 'the
boy scout,' that you hold yourself to the highest level of ethical standards and yet still
somehow earn the trust of the people around you. Not even the dirty cops on my payroll are
willing to say anything bad about you. So imagine my irritation when I found out that you
were out to get me."

Chie glanced at Aki, worried he might think she was the one that let out the secret. Their eyes
met, but there was no suspicion in them.

"I'm out to get every crook in this city. Especially the ones that use kids."

"Like the one you used this evening?"

"She was an undercover agent."



"Sticking with that story, eh? Well, it's no matter. I'm sure I'll find her soon enough."

"Why?" Chie snapped, taking a step forward. "Why would you want to find a kid? Are you
that petty? That evil?"

"No, Officer Satonaka, I'm practical. See, your commanding officer here has a very strong
conscience. It means that he cannot be bought, bribed, or intimidated. However, it does not
mean that he cannot be controlled. I'm sure he would do quite a bit to make sure the girl from
tonight stayed safe."

"You are evil," Chie hissed.

"Practical. I can see why you're the 'up-and-coming screw up,' you don't understand much,
do you?"

"Leave her out of this," Aki said. "This is between you and me, Kaneshiro. You think you
have me in a corner, so make your demands."

"They're simple enough, for now. Do nothing."

"The hell is that supposed to mean?" Aki said, narrowing his eyes.

"Do nothing. You've learned more about my operation than anyone else has on their own, and
it's impressive. Now I want you to forget all of that information. Do nothing. Go back to your
daily routines. Live your lives and forget all about me. Because if you make a single move,
your careers are ruined."

"How?" Chie demanded. "Because we wouldn't give up on fighting a scumbag like you?"

"Because you endangered a minor. Because you broke protocol to investigate a case that was
not assigned to you. Because you were photographed meeting with me in the middle of the
night, perhaps striking up a deal."

As if to emphasize the point, Kaneshiro took out his phone and snapped a picture of the two
of them. Chie didn't fight it, nor did Aki. They both knew that this was just for show - the
pictures were probably already taken the moment they walked in.

"And while you're busy fighting off all those unfounded accusations, your reputation starts to
wither and die. And, I'll make sure that girl is paying as well. I'm not sure how pretty she is,
but she's young. I bet she could make a few million yen in no time."

"You asshole-"

Chie took a step forward, but Aki grabbed her shoulder and held her back.

"Fine. We'll do nothing," he said. "But if anything happens to that girl, I'm coming for you."

There was a depth and anger in Aki's voice that Chie had never heard before. She could tell
that he didn't mean he'd come to arrest Kaneshiro - he'd do much worse. Kaneshiro shifted
uncomfortably in his chair, then took a sip of his drink.



"Deal. Now get out of my sight before I start feeling less charitable."

"Come on," Aki said. Chie glared at Kaneshiro, but finally turned away. The two were
escorted to the front of the club and let out into the streets of Tokyo.

They walked down an alley in silence. Chie felt a cyclone of emotions - rage, fear, sadness,
frustration...worry. As upset as she was, she coudln't imagine what Aki was feeling-

"DAMNIT!"

He punched a trashcan. It flew through the air, scattering garbage across the ground. Chie
saw a visible dent in the side.

She rushed forward and grabbed him, hugging him from behind. He was such a powerful
man. She could feel the tension of his muscles, filled with that same anger she felt inside of
her. He tried to shrug her off, but Chie held on even tighter. She squeezed him until he finally
relaxed a little.

He reached up and took her hands and held them closer to his chest.

"I'm sorry," he said. He looked up at the sky, staring at the moon that managed to cut through
the lights of Tokyo. "I screwed up."

"We screwed up," Chie said. "I'm not leaving your side through this."

"You could lose your career," Aki argued.

"Eh. It's not like I'm the best cop on the force," Chie said. "Besides, I wouldn't be able to live
with myself if we gave up...we aren't giving up, right?"

"No. But...I don't know how to move forward."

"You don't have to know right now. We'll figure it out together."

"Why are you doing this?" Aki asked.

"Because it's the right thing to do. Because I care about you, deeply," she said with a burning
blush. "And besides...if we lose our jobs, we can always be beat cops in Inaba. We can solve
shoplifting at Junes and be the crossing guards at the elementary school and shoo away the
foxes at the shrine."

Aki laughed. Chie liked feeling the laugh in his chest.

"That doesn't sound so bad."

"See? We're unstoppable. Now, I don't know about you, but I could use a drink."

He stepped forward and Chie reluctantly let her hands slide away from him.

"A drink? I thought for sure you were going to say beef bowl."



"I mean, we could get one of those too..."

Chapter End Notes

Hey, thanks to everyone who keeps updating the TV Tropes page. It's still surreal to me
that you guys care enough not only to START it, but to keep it up to date. <3



Chapter 268: 6/12 Lunchtime
Chapter Summary

Plans

"Man, that guy really pisses me off!"

Ryuji pounded the side of a vending machine.

"Taking justice into our own hands, all that crap about not having the right...what the hell
gives the adults the right to do all the shit they've been doing, huh!? If the law is so good and
the police are the right answer, why ain't they fixin' this stuff? We wouldn't gotta do it at all if
they did what they were supposed to!"

"Ryuji, calm down, you're being way too loud," Ann chastised.

"Eh, whatever, everyone's talking about this stuff anyway. It'd be weird if we werent' talking
about it," he said, sitting down. Nanako didn't think he totally believed that, though. He
seemed a little embarrassed.

"The question really is, 'is Akechi a threat?'" Morgana asked. "He was on the TV several
times being interviewed as a 'detective,' but does he have any real skill?"

"I think so," Nanako said. "They call him the 'New Detective Prince,' and my friend Naoto
was called that once. And she's scary good at deduction. I don't think they'd use that term
again unless they meant it. Also...I already met Akechi, once. And he does seem pretty
clever."

Everyone stared at Nanako.

"You can't just leave it at that, where the heck did you meet him?" Morgana asked.

"On the train to Inaba. He was on his way to Okina City, which is on the way. I didn't know
who he was at the time, he was just a boy on the train and we ended up sitting in the same
section."

"Mm," Ren said.

"Is there a way we can find out more about him? I don't like the idea of an ace detective
tracking us down..." Ann said.

"I can ask...carefully," Nanako said. "Actually, I have another friend in the police force who
can probably answer the questions without me arising too much suspicion. Talking to Naoto



is uh...dangerous."

"We can do some research too," Yusuke said over the phone. Ren had called him at the
beginning of their impromptu meeting and set it on speaker in the center. "I'll look into what I
can from over here...it's the least I can do."

"Don't worry about this so much, guys," Morgana said. "We're Phantom Thieves, of course
there's going to be a daring detective on our trail. It just means our renown is rising. If we
keep up what we're doing, lots of people will believe in us in no time."

"Speaking of," Ren said, leaning forward. "There's a Mementos request I want to handle. And
our training has gotten a little lax lately. Everyone free this afternoon?"

"Hell yeah," Ryuji said, spinning his arm in a circle. "I'm itching to beat the shit out of
something."

"I'm in," Ann said.

"I as well," Yusuke added.

"Yep," Nanako said. She had her own phone out, typing out a message.

"Right. See you all in an hour or two."

The lunch period was just about over, so the group dispersed to get ready to head back to
class.

 

NANAKO: Hey, are you busy this evening? I feel like I need a workout.

CHIE: I am a little busy. But I'll be at the Tartarus Gym, so if you need a few pointers
just pop your head in and let me know.

Nanako frowned. Why would she be at the gym if she...ohhh...

She smiled.

 

NANAKO: Right, got it, you go girl. Get yours.

CHIE: That's not what's going on! And 'get yours?' Does your big bro know you talk
like that!?

Oops.

 

NANAKO: Not if Chie-oneesama doesn't tell on me...



CHIE: Sigh.

"What's a mementos request?"

Nanako almost dropped her phone, she was so startled. She looked up to see Niijima standing
directly in front of her. Nanako quickly glanced around, as if looking for who she was talking
to. There wasn't anyone else around.

"Are you talking to me?" Nanako asked, trying to sound confused.

"I heard you and your friends talking about a mementos request. What's that about?"

"Mm, I'm pretty sure you misheard. We didn't say anything like that, I'm sorry Miss
President."

"It's odd, really," Niijima continued, holding her ground. "Did you know that the Phantom
Thieves seem to have some sort of fan forum where people post their requests for changes of
heart?"

"I didn't, no," Nanako said. "I'm a little busy with trying to keep my grades up and with my
part-time job. I haven't really dived into the whole Phantom Thief thing. I'm more an Akechi
fan."

That seemed to catch her off-guard, and sting at the same time, though Nanako wasn't sure
why. Did Niijima know Akechi?

"So that's the angle you're going to play now? Ignorance? Despite the spectacle your
boyfriend made of himself on TV yesterday? Despite the past confrontations we've had?"

"He's not my boyfriend."

"And now evasion," Niijima said, shaking her head as if disappointed. "You know, you may
be on your game, Dojima-san, but your friends aren't. They're going to slip up, and when they
do I'll have the proof I need."

"I'm going to be late for class, Miss President."

Niijima glowered, but stepped aside. Nanako walked through, into the hallway.

That girl is relentless, she thought to herself.



Chapter 269: 6/12 - Mementos
Chapter Summary

Nanako meets a yandere.

"He's mine! Mine mine mine mine mine mine mine mine miiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiineeeeeeeeeee!"

Shadow Shimizu snapped out her whip - a specialized multi-segmented blade that sent sparks
flying across the ground with each strike. Nanako and Fox had been charging straight at her
when she struck. Fox darted left, Nanako to the right, bringing up the Compendium to use as
a shield at the last moment. One of the segmented blades lashed towards her, threatening to
pierce her skin, but instead met the heavy leather of the book.

"You burn with passion, so perhaps you need to cool off. Goemon!"

Chunks of ice soared at Shadow Shimizu. The girl, who was one of their classmates at
Shujin, was dressed in a black leather corset, leather panties, and leather thigh-high boots.
She wore a belt made of handcuffs and had a ring of keys around her neck, like a necklace.

The mini-palace in Mementos was that of a small dungeon, and the cognitive version of the
boy of her affection was locked in place against the stone wall. He struggled and tried to
speak, but his words were muffled with the bright red ball gag.

Shadow Shimizu leapt backward, away from the chunks of ice, and into one of the dungeon's
cells. She slammed the door shut, and the ice chunks broke into harmless dust .

"I'm pretty. I have good grades. I am a total catch, so he is lucky to be my possession. People
would pay good money to be treated the way I treat him. So what if this isn't the 'usual' way
people show love? Who are you to judge our relationship?"

"He's the one judging the relationship," Panther said, striding out. "He's the one crying out for
help. So we're going to steal those distorted desires."

She pulled off her mask.

"Say...do you think those bars are going to protect you from fire?"

Shadow Shimizu tried to open the cell door, but it was too late. Carmen danced and the tiny
room was filled with flame. Shadow Shimizu screamed, and the distortions around them
started to flicker and fade. Instead of the thick stones, the twisted red veins of Mementos
became visible.



Carmen dissolved and Panther's mask reappeared on her face. The flames died out, showing
Shadow Shimizu on her hands and knees, once again in her Shujin uniform.

"I just...I just love him so much...and without the fear to keep him in place...he might leave
me..."

Joker walked up to her.

"He might," he said. "That's the risk with all love. Every person who dares to love another
opens themselves up to the fear and pain of loss. But that's why, I believe, being loved in
return is so special. It's the choice that is so powerful. Remove that choice, and you don't
have a lover. You have a pet."

"Yes...yes, you're right, of course...I'll stop...I'll apologize and stop. And if he hates me for
what I've done...then I suppose I deserve that..."

She reached up to her neck and pulled necklace of keys off and handed it to Joker.

"Thank you, Phantom Thieves."

The Shadow Shimizu faded.

"All right, well-done team!" Mona said. "Do we want to keep exploring Mementos?"

"I think I'm starting to get a little tired..." Panther said.

"Oh! Oh well then we should return right away! Traaaaansform!"

Mona burst himself back into the Mona-car. The Phantom Thieves piled into it - Fox, Panther
and Skull in the back, Joker and Nanako in the front. Joker started to drive while Nanako
examined her skirt - it had gotten ripped along the hem while fighting one of the earlier
shadows.

She really needed to get a replacement Metaverse outfit...

"Oh man, I feel so much better," Skull said with a yawn. "I really needed to beat some things
up. Think I'm gonna take a nap."

"If you were going to do that, why did you sit in the middle?" Panther said, annoyed. "You
better lean against Fox and not me."

"No way, I'm not sleeping against a dude!"

"I don't mind," Fox said.

"Well I do!"

While the backseat bickered, Nanako turned to Joker.

"Hey, it's weird that her distortion came ifrom love, don't you think?"



"Not really. It's a powerful emotion, and powerful emotions seem to be what is needed to
create a palace."

"Right, but it's just a different source than the others so far, right?"

"What are you getting at?" Joker asked directly.

"I've seen the pasts of Kamoshida and Madarame, and we knew the past of Nakanohara. Yes,
they were all hurt in some way, but...in a strange way, their distortions came from positive
emotions too. In Madarame's case, it was his desire to secure the people he cared about. In
Nakanohara, he was just looking for a way to rebuild his life and get control over the trauma
he endured. Kamoshida...well, I guess it was just a lifetime of loneliness and delusion. I just
wonder if good intentions can sometimes lead towards a distorted heart."

"I think that's a bit of a stretch...I can't think of any good intentions Kamoshida would've
had," Joker said. "But, you must have a theory about something, right?"

"Mm," Nanako said with a slight nod. Joker reached into his pocket and pulled out his phone.
He tapped the screen a few times then handed it to her.

"Try it out, then."

Nanako looked at the phone, and the open Metaverse app.

"Search for Makoto Niijima."

"No candidates found."

Nanako let out a breath and handed the phone back.

"You seem relieved," Joker noted.

"Yeah. I kinda am."

But Nanako kept wondering. Kotone said that they wouldn't have to look for the next big
target, that it would come straight for them. She had wondered if Niijima would be the target,
since she was so relentless in her pursuit. But that theory was completely off-base.

Still. Nanako couldn't shake the feeling that Niijima was going to be very important soon.



Chapter 270: 6/12 - Evening
Chapter Summary

Nanako breaks stuff.

Nanako spent most of the train ride over to Tartarus Gym thinking of excuses.

Sure, she was already dressed in her gym gear, she had her duffle bag, but she kept yawning
the whole ride over. Spending the afternoon bashing shadows in Mementos had been
exhausting, and now all she really wanted to do was go home and sleep. So even though she
was going to go the gym, she had to figure out a way to get the information she needed from
Chie without actually having to work out.

Maybe she'd just fake an injury? That'd work, right?

Nanako walked down the stairs into the gym. It wasn't too busy, but she supposed most
people wouldn't be working out that hard on a Saturday night. She glanced around looking
for Chie, but found no sign of her.

Wait. She was "busy" on a Saturday night? Maybe she really was "getting hers" with the
chiseled abs of Sanada-san. He was co-owner of the gym, so he might be in the office...

Nanako wandered over towards one end of the gym where there were two office doors. One
was closed and said "Iori" on it. The other was slightly open with "Sanada" on it.

"Hello?" Nanako called into the office while pushing the door open. The lights were off and
nobody was inside the office.

Well, so much for that. Where was Chie?

Curious, Nanako stepped into the office for a moment to look around. The place was a bit
disheveled - it reminded her a lot of her father's office back in Inaba. She remembered that
Sanada was also police, so she glanced at the desk, wondering if any interesting documents
had been left out. The place might be disheveled, but Sanada apparently knew how to keep
his police paperwork and his gym paperwork separate - everything on the top of the desk had
to do with the gym.

Deciding that there wasn't any point in being in the office, she spun around to walk out the
door. Except, when she spun, her duffle bag knocked a picture frame off the top of the desk
and onto the floor, on the desk chair side. She swore, and pushed the chair back a little so she
could pick up the picture. Somehow it had fallen completely under the desk, so she had to
crawl under to get it.



She picked up the frame and the back slid apart from the front. Nanako groaned and picked
up the picture and frame and sat cross-legged under the desk, trying to figure out how to put
it all back together.

It was an old picture, from the looks of it. It was a partially posed candid shot of two people
at the beach - it looked like it was taken by a third person, catching the two of them partially
unaware. One was Sanada, though he looked about Nanako's age in the picture. Next to him,
with one arm draped around Sanada, was a girl with brown hair in a short ponytail wearing a
pink and white checkered bikini top. They were both smiling - Sanada looked a little
embarrassed while the girl looked joyful, like nothing in the world could hold her back.

Nanako flipped the frame over and slid the picture back into place. There was a note written
on the back of the picture.

Let's take lots more pictures together.

Kotone

Nanako gasped and spun the picture back around. Sanada and a girl named Kotone.

Your next target is trying to hurt someone very dear to me. If you could, while you're taking
out the next target, please protect him. He's a good man with a good heart, and he does not
deserve what he's about to go through.

No way.

Was it really that simple? That connected?

Was Sanada the one Nanako was supposed to protect?

But if she was, who was she supposed to protect him from?

The lights in the office flicked on.

"What about the SIU?" said Chie's voice. There were footsteps, then the sound of the door
shutting.

"What about them? You're the one working as a liaison for them," Sanada said.

Nanako shrunk as far back into underneath the desk as possible. She was a petite girl, but she
wasn't that small - if someone sat in the desk chair, she'd be caught for sure.

"Well, for the mental shutdown cases, yeah. But there's probably an SIU division aiming for
Kaneshiro, right?"

"Possible. But Kaneshiro didn't seem too worried...if there is an SIU team assigned to
Kaneshiro it'll either be bought out by him, underfunded, or both."

"Yeah, but if we gave them any of the info we found, they'd be pressured to actually do
something, right?" Chie asked.



"What have we really found that wasn't already known?" Sanada let out a sigh. "No,
everything I've done so far is already a waste of time...sure, some of it was conjecture, and
we've proved that he's using students for his network. But that doesn't put Kaneshiro in any
danger. Any SIU team is going to want solid evidence and a bulletproof case before they
make a move. And I didn't get that."

From under the desk, Nanako could see their feet, and that the two of them were leaning
against the front of it, side by side. Chie shuffled a little closer to Sanada. Then it sounded
like she was rubbing his back.

"What about Naoto? I could tell her, she's not connected to any authority, really."

"And how would that help? Shirogane is a great detective, but could she really find some sort
of solid evidence fast enough? She'd have to find it, then we'd have to take it to SIU or some
other higher up, and convince them to make a move on Kaneshiro, all before Kaneshiro
struck back. And we've seen how fast an efficient he is."

It was Chie's turn to sigh.

"This sucks."

"Yeah, it does. I'm sorry."

"You have to stop apologizing. I chose to follow you into this. Even if I knew what was going
to happen, I wouldn't change anything. Stop trying to...I dunno...push me away."

"Chie, I..."

They stood silently next to each other. Nanako felt like she was intruding on something really
intimate. Maybe she should make her presence known and just apologize a thousand times
and hope that Chie was flustered enough to ignore her-

"It'll be okay," Chie said. "Like I said, we can always work in Inaba. It's a quiet little town,
but I think it could grow on you."

"You'd want me to tag along back to your hometown?"

"Uh, y-yeah, of course. Although I guess that's silly, you'd probably want to head back to
your hometown."

"Not really. Not a lot of good memories there...all the people I cared about there don't live
there anymore."

"Oh, no family there? Actually, sorry, that was too personal..."

"No, it's fine," Sanada said. "I'm an orphan, actually. Grew up in a legitimate orphanage. I
had a lot of great friends back in Iwatodai, but they've all moved out of there. And there's one
guy I consider my brother, but he's...uh..."

"Oh. I'm so sorry."



"Sorry? Oh, no, he's not dead. He's just annoying. Actually, he has a nikudon shop and-"

"Your brother has a nikudon shop and you didn't say anything!?" Chie exclaimed. "I'm
standing here with a growling stomach and we could be eating free nikudon!?"

Sanada laughed, a big belly laugh.

"This isn't funny! Let's go, right now!"

The office door opened and the lights flicked off again.

Nanako let out the breath she was holding. She waited under the desk a few more minutes
before she crawled out. She set the picture back on the desk.

"Hey, Kotone...hope you approve. Chie's a great person, and I think they're a good match."

Nanako left the gym.

Kotone wouldn't have to worry about anything, now. She wouldn't let anything happen to
Sanada. Especially now that Chie seemed to be in danger too.

And Kotone had been right. The target came right for them.

Nanako dialed.

"Hello?" Ren answered with a yawn.

"Do you know the name Kaneshiro?"



Chapter 271: 6/13 - Morning
Chapter Summary

Nanako learns about America.

"No candidate found."

"So we really need a first name too, huh?" Nanako sighed. Ren adjusted his glasses.

"I did tell you that last night..."

"I know. I just needed to see it for myself."

The two of them were in Ren's loft, staring at his phone on the table. Morgana had found a
patch of sunlight on the floor and was stretched out on it. Two cups of coffee sat on the table.
Nanako took hers and sipped it.

"Any ideas as to who Kaneshiro is and why your friends are in trouble?" Ren asked.

"No. I tried doing some searches last night, but nothing came up at all. Ironically the people I
would normally ask about this are the ones I can't ask at all. If I ask Chie, she'll know I know
something, and Naoto is too smart, she'll put it together. And I doubt my dad would know
anything about someone in Tokyo."

"Unless that someone were really big."

"Maybe. But..."

"It's okay. We'll find another way. We always do."

Nanako pursed her lips thoughtfully. "I didn't even get to ask Chie about Akechi. I'm really
messing things up here, aren't I?"

Ren sipped his coffee while shaking his head. "This is all out of your control. But...I am
curious. What makes you so certain that Kaneshiro is our next target?"

"It's...complicated. It's just a strong feeling I have."

Ren set down his mug.

"That's a lie."

Nanako flushed bright red in her cheeks.



"Okay, yes, it is. I just...don't know how to explain it. And I'd rather not? Is that selfish and
weird of me?"

Ren shrugged.

"If you don't want to talk about it, that's fine. I trust you."

A strange, guttural sound reverberated in the room, and the two of them turned their heads
towards the source. Morgana was snoring.

"Is he always that loud?" Nanako asked with a smile.

"Only on days after Mementos. I think being a car really takes it out of him."

"I know how he feels," Nanako said with a yawn. "I'm beat, too."

"You wanna head home?"

"No," Nanako said immediately. The blush returned. "I mean. Unless you have things to
do...?"

"Not at all. Did you want to go somewhere?"

Nanako's heart did an excited little flutter.

"Well, uh. Hm. I don't know."

She glanced around the room and a DVD caught her attention. She picked it up from beside
Ren's super-old CRT television.

"You have a DVD player? Wow, really catching up to 2007 there..."

Ren laughed. "If I wanna stream things, I gotta do it on my phone. But the old TV hangs in
there. Besides, DVDs have a certain charm. I mean...menu screens! You don't get fun menu
screens from streaming."

"I've never heard of a menu screen being described as fun before," Nanako said with a smirk.
"What is this show, anyway?"

"Bubbly Hills, 90210. It's an American show about rich teens and the dramatic American life
they lead."

"Is it any good?"

"I don't know, I haven't started it yet."

"Well, as a TV junkie, I am dismayed I have not seen this show. I have to watch it now."

Ren grinned. "Sounds like a plan. I'll get you a chair."

"Um!" Nanako piped up."I mean...we could move the table and use the couch, couldn't we?"



"Oh. Sure."

She and Ren moved the table and TV as far as the power cords would let them. Then Ren sat
on the couch, leaving plenty of space for Nanako to sit.

But instead, she took a deep breath and plopped down right next to him, their legs pressing
side to side. Ren had turned the TV on already and he powered up the DVD player.

"Ooh, look at this menu screen, so fun~..." Nanako teased.

"Ha ha."

Ren hit play. A saxophone wailed as the theme song came in at full blast.

Nanako let her head tilt over and lean on his shoulder. She turned to lean her back against
him.

"Ow," she said. "Your arm kinda hurts there."

"Sorry," he said, moving to adjust his arm. When he did, she wriggled until his arm was
wrapped around her shoulder.

"That's better."

With his other hand, Ren slipped off his glasses and set them on the table. He leaned his head
against hers.

"Yes, much better."

Watching the American teens and their dramatic romances made Nanako feel like she
understood how to be more Charming.

She also felt like her relationship with Ren was deepening and might hit another level soon.



Chapter 272: 6/13 - Afternoon
Chapter Summary

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wZW2kxru0Mc

"Thank you so much for coming on short notice. I'll be back this evening."

In the background, Mei practiced the piano.

"See you later, Aki-san, don't worry about a thing!" Nanako said as she waved goodbye to her
employer as he scurried out the door. He shut it behind him.

Nanako let out a contented sigh. She was still riding the emotional high from her impromptu
snuggly morning with Ren. She had actually hoped to spend the rest of the day with him after
that, but Aki-san had texted about needing someone to watch Mei, and she needed the money
to pay for her next batch of equipment from Sano.

Besides, it seemed that Ren had something else he needed to do.

Still, she luxuriated in the memory of his touch, his smell, his warmth.

"You seem happy."

Nanako practically jumped, she was so startled. She spun around to see Noriyaki Yuzu
leaning against the wall. She was wearing a very comfy gray sweatsuit with a hood drawn
over her head. She adjusted the red frames of her glasses.

"I uh...yes, I suppose I am. Good afternoon, Noriyaki-san."

"My step-father pays that well, does he?"

"Hm? Oh, no, that's not why I'm happy. I mean, he pays me well, that's true, but I uh...well I
was sorta remembering a date..."

"O-oh," Yuzu said, looking away. "Sorry, didn't mean to get personal."

"Isn't that what you're supposed to do as a reporter?"

"Well, yes, when there's actually...you know, someone important to report on. Ugh, sorry, that
came out ruder than I wanted it to. Actually, this whole conversation is coming out ruder than
I wanted it to..."



"That's all right," Nanako said. "It must be weird to have a classmate show up at your house
randomly on a Sunday afternoon."

"Why are you so nice to me?"

Nanako shrugged. "Why shouldn't I be?"

"I don't know. You're not exactly the most popular person at school. People have fueled
rumors about you, especially in regards to your connection to people like Amamiya,
Sakamoto...Kamoshida..."

"Do you fuel those rumors?"

"I...no."

"Why did you hesitate then?"

Yuzu glowered. "If you don't believe me, then just read the articles I put out in Shujin Student
News. I never feed into that fodder...even though it would probably make the work more
popular. I might even get a few more members in the Newspaper Club...but still. I don't
debase myself to that."

"But you don't stop it either," Nanako said. "That's why you hesitated."

"You can't know that."

"I read your articles all the time. My brother works in newspapers so I find them interesting.
You're a good writer. But you also don't stop the rumors you hear."

Yuzu looked down at her feet.

"I suppose it's not really your job," Nanako pointed out. "But you do have a voice, and some
influence. You could use it for good, if you wanted. Rumors can be very dangerous. If you
put out just a little dose of truth, it might resonate."

"You're a lot more idealistic than I thought if you think anything I do makes a difference."

Nanako thought about cognition. The cognition of common people was what shaped
Mementos. The cognition of herself in the Metaverse is what affected her ability to do the
amazing things she did.

So that means putting anything out there for the world to consume, no matter how few people
read it, would have some sort effect.

"Everything matters, even if its small. That's what I think, anyway."

"Then what do you think about comedy?"

Both Nanako and Yuzu turned around. Mei was standing there, dressed in her usual black
dress with little white collar, her hair drawn into a braid. Nanako hadn't even noticed that Mei



had stopped playing and made her way over to them.

"What do you mean?" Nanako asked.

"Comedy. The chosen trade of my father. A grown man stands in front of the mirror and
practices his grimaces, his yowls, his ridiculous voices and all manner of stupidity to get
people to laugh at him. Not only does he relish in their laughter, he practices for it. He seeks
to become the perfect target for their ridicule."

Mei's eyes were intense and unblinking, locking onto Nanako's.

"What purpose is there for that?"

"Geez, Mei, cut the guy some slack, it's all that stuff that gives us a roof over our head and
food on the table and-"

"No," Mei said, cuttting Yuzu off. "It's not good enough. If Nanako-san thinks that everything
makes a difference, I want to know what she thinks."

Wordlessly, Nanako reached up to her hair and undid the twintail on the right side of her
head. She then did the other one, since it looked dumb to have one tail and not the other. She
twisted the hair tie around on her fingers, positioning them just so.

"Mei-chan," Nanako said, holding out her clenched fist. From Mei's side, it would look like
her hair band was wrapped around two fingers of her fist.

"What? What is it, why are you showing - hey! What!? H-how did you do that!?"

Nanako had unleashed her grip. The hair band snapped and "appeared" on the other two
fingers, even though it was just a simple snap of the band as a result of the elastic being
wrapped around all of her fingers.

"You will tell me now how you did that!" Mei said again, this time in a commanding tone.

"It's magic," Nanako said nonchalantly. "But that's not the point. When you saw my trick, you
kinda forgot about everything else, right?"

"Well....yes, it was a distraction."

"It was a reminder," Nanako said. "See....the first time I saw that trick, I was really lonely. I
was about your age, and I was going to be pretty much on my own for a few days, especially
since my big-bro had just said he was going to be out of town on a school trip. But...then he
did this trick. I remember feeling so awestruck by it, I did the same thing you are -
demanding to know how he did it, asking him to do it again and again...it's a very special
memory for me."

Nanako knelt down and took Mei's hand, placing the hair band in her palm.

"But it wasn't the trick that was important. It was the fact that my big bro cared enough about
how I felt to do this stupid trick over and over again, just to make me happy. And yes, the



next day or so was really lonely and miserable, but I kept thinking about that magic trick.
That's what comedy can do, too. It provides a laugh, a quick escape, sure. But it can also give
people courage because they remember that life isn't so bad. Or they hear what's being said
and feel like they're understood, because they've felt the same way. Or they feel part of a
group, simply because everyone else is laughing too. Comedy can be a very powerful force.
Just like magic."

Mei stared at the hairband, thinking. Nanako knew she needed a little time to process. She
stood back up and looked at Yuzu, who was shaking her head slowly.

"You're something else, Dojima."

Yuzu left. Mei put the hairband in her pocket, but didn't say anything more.

Nanako took care of Mei for the rest of the afternoon and made some good money.



Chapter 273: 6/13 - Evening
Chapter Summary

Truth seeker.

Yu Narukami had to step back from the door to avoid crashing into the kid.

"Sorry," he said quickly.

"No problem," Yu said, gesturing for the kid to keep walking through. The kid gave him a
polite nod from behind his bushy black hair and large glasses, then seemed to glide into the
streets of Shinjuku.

Yu watched him for a moment. "Kid" wasn't quite the right word for it, he was obviously in
high school, but he didn't seem old enough to be wandering in Shinjuku - and certainly not
old enough to be coming out of a place like Crossroads.

Well, that was clearly his parent's problem. Yu had enough of his own.

He stepped into Crossroads and was greeted by a gleeful cackle.

"Na~ru~ka~mi~!" Ohya said, raising a full tumbler of whiskey above her head. "Get over
here and toast with me, it's a good day."

"Yeah, I can see you've started celebrating already," Yu said, gliding into the booth next to
him. Lala-chan came over a moment later.

"Beer, honey?"

"Please...how many sheets to the wind is she?" Yu whispered.

"Four or five, I think," Lala-chan said with a sigh. "I'll make her next drink weaker."

"Good idea." Yu turned back to Ohya. "So what is it we're celebrating?"

"A spicy new source that'll get me my deadlines wayyyy faster. It's just like you said to do!"

"Oh, well I'm glad my advice came in handy...what are you covering?"

"The Phantom Thieves."

Yu frowned. "Who the heck is a source for the Phantom Thieves? If you know one, you're
sitting on a gold mine."



"No, no no, nothing like that, silly," Ohya said, drooping over the tabletop. "I'm supposed to
get the 'youth angle.' So I found a youth! And get this, he even goes to the same school that
asshole Kamoshida taught at."

"Ah. So the kid that just walked out of here...you didn't promise him anything lewd or
lascivious, did you?"

"What! Narukami, do you really think me that low? It was a simple trade - info for info. I
wouldn't do anything like that."

"No, I didn't think you would," Yu said. Lala-chan delivered the beer and Yu took a sip.

"Besides, I've kinda given up on love for a while...I know that's stupid, I'm not gonna get any
hotter am I? Not that I'm much to look at. I got the curves of a meter stick. But shit, I haven't
had a boyfriend in...mm..."

"You're just in a low point," Yu said. "I've been there, too."

"You? You!? But you're, and excuse me for being so blunt, a hot piece of man-ass."

Yu laughed. "Well, I've had my shares of ups and downs too, in the love department. It took
me time to figure out who I was and what I wanted...and it took a very serious relationship to
collapse on me to figure it out, too. It hurt a lot, but I needed that to grow up and to figure out
the person I'm really meant for."

"Aw, does that mean there's a Mrs. Narukami?"

"Not yet. But soon, I hope."

"Lucky bitch," Ohya muttered. She shot the rest of her whiskey and rattled the ice. "One
more, Lala-chan!"

"No, no more, Ohya-san," Yu said. "Let me help you get home."

"I'm fine, I'm fine. Besides, what about our deal? You got info for me?"

"On Kayo? A little. Not much, but it's a start."

"Well I got bupkiss for you, my friend. Zilch. Zero. Nada. Your boy at the SIU is
untouchable. Which is pretty freakin' weird."

"Why's that?"

"Nobody's that squeaky clean. It's like he doesn't exist. Probably scrubbed records. Even the
stuff I can find on him isn't that interesting - just his arrest rates and what not. Boring
statistics. Which means he probably got to them by means less than scrupulous and the
government employing him wants to keep it on the hushity-hushity-huuuuush."

Ohya looked like she was going to fall out of the booth, so Yu slipped out and caught her.



"Come on. Let's get to the train. Lala-chan, mind if we settle up next time?"

"It's on the house if you get her home safe, sugar."

"Thanks."

Yu rested Ohya on his shoulder and started for the subway.

Pi pi pi.

 

RISE: Hey babe, what's up?

YU: Babysitting a drunk reporter.

RISE: Sounds fun. Is she cute?

YU: Not my type. I prefer sexy idols.

RISE: You absolute dog. But seriously, I think something's up with Chie. Can we go
check on her?

YU: Soon as I get this one on the train. I'll meet you there.

"Who's that, the future Mrs. Narukami?"

"The one and the same," Yu said. They started down the stairs and Yu thought about what
train connections he'd need to make to meet up with Rise and check on Chie.

It'd been 10 years since the events of the Midnight Channel, and yet somehow he was still the
leader.

"Path of the Fool ever end, Igor?" he muttered to himself.

"Huh?" Ohya asked.

"Nevermind."



Chapter 274: 6/14 - Morning
Chapter Summary

Rashomon.

"This is not easy for me to do, Kitagawa-kun," the principal of Kosei High School said from
behind his massive mahogany desk. "Especially with everything that you've been through
lately."

"I'm sorry, I don't understand," Yusuke said. He sat with perfect posture in the hard chair that
was set slightly too low for his long legs. He wondered if perhaps the chair was a little too
low on purpose - to make the person sitting opposite the principal feel childish.

"You know of course that Kosei High School is an elite school for students with an
exceptional talent. And without question your talent is exceptional. However, to maintain a
school of this magnitude takes significant resources, which is why the tuition here is so very
high. We have endowments, of course, and through those endowments we grant scholarships
for those exceptionally gifted."

"Yes, I am aware," Yusuke said. "I am the recipient of such a scholarship."

"That...perhaps is not entirely true."

The principal's office had a massive grandfather clock standing sentinel at the side of the
room. Its pendulum swung noisily, filling the silence between them with an ominous tock,
tock, tock.

"My master-"

"Did a very good job of putting on a show for you that fateful day a year and a half ago. He
ruffled his feathers and crowed and made it very clear that your talent was enough for you to
get in on the scholarship, and that he'd ruin this school if we didn't give him what he wanted.
But the truth is, that later that same day, he called me on the phone and we worked out the
payments."

"But...why?"

"I don't know why. We had no intention of giving in to his demands," the principal said,
leaning back in his chair. "I suppose he wanted to make it look like he cared about you, or
that he wielded more influence than he actually had. You'll have to ask him why he would
stoop to such deceit for you. The end result, unfortunately, is the same. You did not receive a
scholarship, and therefore you must pay. And, since Madarame's assets have all been
frozen..."



Yusuke stared at his hands, trying to think. It didn't make sense. The vision he saw in
Madarame's Palace, in the Kitagawa Exhibit...it had been his expression of fatherly love. A
twisted love, yes, but Sensei truly believed he was helping Yusuke in those memories -
otherwise they wouldn't have been there.

Unless...was he trying to convince Yusuke he was more talented than he actually was? Puff
up his ego by granting him a scholarship that didn't exist, getting the school to bow to a talent
that wasn't there?

It would explain the difficulty he had been having lately. He just couldn't seem to draw or
paint anything of worth.

Was this the final piece of Sensei's plan? If he had planned to reveal to Yusuke the scheme of
the counterfeits and to bequeath it to him, would Yusuke have refused? Most likely. But if
sensei could go and say that his talent was all fake, that he had paid the school and everyone
else to admire it, that would have most likely cut Yusuke's confidence down. It would have
trapped him.

Trapped him into a life of ill-gotten fame and fortune.

Just the sort of twisted act of love Sensei would perform.

And yet, Yusuke still couldn't believe it. Was it true that all of his art teachers, every guest
teacher, every person that ever gave him praise was faking it? Surely someone would have
said something?

"We can grant you an extension of one week, but you need to be out of the dorms by then. If
you want to skip classes we won't punish you, since you'll need the time to make
arrangements, but then again, if you would like to attend to get what little more you can out
of Kosei High School, I would understand that as well."

"Is there...really nothing that can be done?" Yusuke said, his voice harsh and dry.

"I'm sorry. Money is the necessary evil of our society. As much as my heart breaks for you, I
am bound by the school's bank account," the principal said. He bowed his head low in an
apologetic sign of respect.

Clap. Clap. Clap. Clap.

"Very impressive, Mr. Principal. Are you the drama teacher?"

Yusuke turned around. Standing in the office was a woman he'd never seen before. She was
petite, no taller than 5 feet tall, with curly black hair cut short around her head. The front
bangs were streaked with white. The wrinkles around her eyes and the white streak made
Yusuke believe the woman was probably in her 40s, though her physique was quite
impressive. She was averagely proportioned, but Yusuke noticed how the standard black
business suit she wore stretched and curved around the musculature of her legs and
shoulders.



Yusuke mused she must be quite strong.

He also wished he had a sketchbook, because drawing the tightness of her suit over the
muscles would make for an interesting texture study.

"I'm sorry, who are you and what are you doing in my office?"

The woman reached into her front jacket pocket and pulled out a plastic badge and set it on
the desk.

"Department of Health, Welfare, and Labor. I'm the case manager assigned to Kitagawa-san's
case."

"Case?" Yusuke asked. The woman turned and smiled at him warmly.

"Yes, now that your legal guardian has been arrested, you're essentially a ward of the state.
An orphan is another term for it. But in any case, it's the government's job to take care of you
until you reach adulthood. As far as you're concerned, I'm the government."

"Ah, well, this is good timing," the principal said. "Then you can help him work through the
transition as he leaves the school. Set him up with new housing, another school, all of that."

"Mmm...no, I don't think I will," the woman said. She pulled one of the other chairs out but
didn't sit down on the seat, instead choosing to lean against the armrest. She was dripping
with arrogance and confidence as she crossed her arms.

"I don't understand," the principal said.

"Kosei High School granted Yusuke Kitagawa a scholarship for his time here. It includes
room and board and of course, education. Except, now you're saying that it didn't grant that
scholarship...and I suppose you've done the most basic of work to cover that up. You've
probably deleted files, altered your internal ledgers, maybe even shredded a few files, all
knowing that a vulnerable child like Kitagawa-san here couldn't do anything to investigate."

The principal said nothing, but Yusuke noticed that there was a slight rosiness to his
complexion now. Nerves, perhaps?

"And of course maybe a government agent will come poking around, someone like myself,
and you'll show all the Ts are crossed and maybe even throw in a bribe or two and they'll go
away. Unless they're an agent like me, someone with a backbone and a sense of justice. But
then again, you're clever, aren't you? You have a second round of contingencies for a person
like me. More deleting. More altering. More bribes. You'll make the evidence so obscure and
so incomprehensible that I'll never get the backing of my department to push forward with
charges."

"I'm quite offended that-"

"Hold on," she said, standing up from the chair and slamming her hand on the desk. The
principal flinched back into silence.



"Are you starting to understand who you're dealing with now? You're not dealing with a
thorough agent. You're not dealing with a principled agent. You're dealing with an agent that
can become obsessed with finding the truth. After all, if you've done it once with Kitagawa-
san, then you must have done it before...how many times, I wonder? And what other illicit
deals have you concocted over the years? But surely you've been careful, haven't you? Or...is
there something you may have overlooked? One tiny mistake that can bring your castle
crashing to the ground?"

The principal removed his glasses and rubbed the sweat off his brow.

"As I said, though, you're a clever person, so I'm sure you're weighing the very obvious
choices...do you take your chances fighting me and risk everything, or do you just let things
remain as they are and pay for Kitagawa-san's schooling for another year and a half?"

Tock. Tock. Tock.

"Ki-" the noise came out as a squeak from the principal's mouth. He cleared his throat.
"Kitagawa-kun...after some careful consideration, I've decided to let you stay. I'll talk to the
board about securing the funding."

"Thank you," Yusuke said with a bow. "I'll make sure to do the school proud."

The woman picked up her badge and slid it back into her pocket and motioned for Yusuke to
follow her. He stood, bowed slightly to the principal again, and followed her out into the
hallway.

"Thank you very much for helping me," Yusuke said. "I wasn't sure what was going to
become of me for a moment...Ms...?"

The woman stopped and turned. They stood in the hallway of the school, with her staring up
at his face. Her eyes were very intense and Yusuke felt a strange sensation as she gazed on
him. It was as if she were searching for something in his face.

"Kurosawa," she said.

"Ah. Like the filmmaker."

"Exactly," she said. She smiled warmly again. "Do you have a phone, Kitagawa-kun?"

"Ah, yes."

"Let me see it."

He handed it to her. She rapidly entered in her contact information.

"This is my direct line. My job is to make sure you have everything taken care of in terms of
your basic needs and your educational rights...but I also have some extra government funding
I can wiggle with if you need something. Think of me as your...well, not your mother. Your
aunt. Your rich aunt who can indulge you once in a while and who will drop in like a hawk if
someone tries to hurt you."



"That's uh...very colorful, Kurosawa-san."

"I know, I'm a little over the top," she said with a smile. "But trust me when I say I will do
anything for you."

"It's much appreciated."

"Now, get to class. And make sure you call me whenever you have an exhibition."

"I will."



Chapter 275: 6/14 - After School
Chapter Summary

Nanako believes in the moon.

"Hold up, I'm confused," Ryuji said. "Is this a target or a Mementos request or what?"

"A target. I think," Nanako said. She leaned against the rail at the Shibuya station, peering
through the window. Ren was late, so Nanako had started catching Yusuke, Ann, and Ryuji
up on the Kaneshiro situation.

"Sounds like a worthy foe," Yusuke remarked. "If he has the resources to threaten a police
detective, then they must be a influential operative within the underworld. A yakuza, for
certain."

"Dangerous, too," Ann added. "I mean, Kamoshida and Madarame were dangerous in their
own ways, but...this is another level."

"Which makes it the perfect target to bring us to another level," Ryuji said, dropping an arm
around Nanako's shoulders. "I see where your head is it at, and I'm with ya! This'll also show
Akechi whose on the side of 'injustice' or whatever that complicated bullshit was all about."

"Hey, what's going on down there?" Nanako pointed.

The Phantom Thieves looked.

Gliding through the crowd was Ren, his hair floofed, his glasses obscuring his face, looking
as common as possible. Nanako might not have even noticed him had it not been for the
person following him - someone who wasn't in the least bit stealthy.

"Is that...Niijima?" Ann asked.

"I think so."

The student council president was marching behind Ren, very clearly trailing him. She had a
very large newspaper in front of her, which she kept looking up and down from.

"Wow. She's really bad at that, isn't she?" Ryuji said.

"I don't get it, why is she still following him? Ren's like...super spy guy. He could've lost her
by now, right?" Ann asked.

"Hm...that's a good point...unless..."



Nanako pulled out her phone and dialed. She hit the speaker icon. Down below, Ren slipped a
hand into his pocket and pulled out his phone.

"Hello there," he said.

"General Kenobi!" Ryuji yelled. Everyone looked up in surprise and confusion. Nanako
decided to ignore it.

"You have a tail," she said.

"Mmhmm."

"But you don't want to shake her because that would look super suspicious if you're just a
regular student."

"Mmhmm."

"So what's the play?" Nanako asked.

"Nothing. I'll be up there in a minute. If she wants to confront all of us, she can. We're just
hanging out."

"Okay. See you soon."

She hung up.

"The heck was that general nonsense?" Ann asked.

"It's a guy thing. You wouldn't get it," Ryuji said with finality.

Nanako kept her eyes on the stairway, surprised at how nervous she felt. She tried to take
calming breaths, but her mind was already in overdrive, trying to think of all the ways to
counter Niijima and her accusations.

Ren appeared.

But Niijima didn't.

Nanako let out the breath she didn't realize she was holding. Ryuji kept an eye on the stairs
while Ren joined the rest of them. Morgana popped out of the bag.

"She left?"

"Yeah. Headed for the mall after I turned. Guess she figured I must be going home. We've
been on quite the walk through Central Street, down through the mall, back up to the street
again..." he grinned.

"And she had that newspaper the whole time?" Nanako asked.

"Yeah. Anyway, don't worry about her. I have info."



Nanako was shocked just how much info he had. Junya Kaneshiro, a leader of a extortion,
drug running, and prostitution outfit that had been deep underground within Shibuya for
years. Despite the power, wealth, and influence he had within the area, very few people knew
his name. Apparently he had cops on his payroll as well as government officials, and was
careful enough to keep himself as enigmatic as possible.

Nanako had talked to her father about crime leaders and yakuza types once. There'd been a
big trial on TV when one of the more famous yakuza leaders had been caught and brought up
on charges. Dad had said that it was only a matter of time before he was caught because
everyone knew who he was. He had used his fame/infamy to get what he wanted and exert
control over society, but it also painted a big target on his back. Eventually he was going to
slip up, and when he did, it all came crashing down.

"It's the quiet ones you have to worry about, Nanako. The ones who smile and keep to
themselves and complain about little things - like cabbage. Those are the smart ones."

"Junya Kaneshiro," Yusuke said into his phone.

"Candidate found."

"So he is the next target...but what do we use for keywords?" Morgana asked.

"Try gangster."

"Conditions have not been met."

"Hideout."

"Conditions have not been met."

"Lair?"

"Conditions have not been met."

This went on for a few minutes. With each passing attempt, the mood grew glummer.

"We just don't have enough information," Nanako announced. Everyone nodded. They all
knew it, she was just the only one willing to say it.

"Well, at least we have a full name. Maybe we'll be able to follow up on that lead," Morgana
suggested.

Nanako shut her eyes and took a deep breath. The picture appeared in her mind's eye.

Let's take lots more pictures together. -Kotone

"Yes, I think it'll all work out," Nanako said with a firm nod. "Let's just keep at it in every
way we can think of."

"That's all for today, then," Ren said. The Phantom Thieves began to split apart.



"Hey," Ann said, grabbing Nanako's arm. "You busy?"

"Not really, what's up?"

"Can you come by later? I just...need to talk about a few things."

Or about a certain someone, Nanako mused.

"Of course. See you then."



Chapter 276: 6/14 - Evening
Chapter Summary

A gutted department store.

After dinner, Nanako went up to Ann's apartment. She knocked twice and heard her yell "it's
open!" Nanako shrugged and turned the knob, stepping inside.

"Goodness," Nanako whispered to herself.

It looked like someone had gutted open a department store and carefully arranged its guts
around onto every surface. There were clothes arranged in varying outfit combinations -
shirts, blouses, dresses, skirts, jeans, shorts, leggings, and shoes...so many shoes. The only
surfaces without clothes was a walkway Ann had left that winded around the living room and
into her bedroom.

"Ann...?"

"Hey, um, hold on- ack!"

There was a tumbling, crashing sound. Nanako shut the door and rushed down the path into
Ann's room.

"Are you okay!?"

"...yeah."

Ann was sitting on the floor, her arms tangled up beneath her cashmere sweater. She
struggled a moment and finally slipped her slender arms through the sleeves.

"Just fell over trying to put on a sweater...you know, Panther of the Phantom Thieves,
graceful and stealthy and..." she trailed off, huffing. Her twintails were all out of place.
Nanako offered a hand and helped Ann to her feet.

"Um...that's a beautiful sweater. But it's kinda warm for it, don't you think?"

"Ugh, you think so too? I was worried about that." Ann peeled off the sweater and carefully
set it beside a set of dark orange leggings. She then reached over and grabbed a turquoise off-
the-shoulder shirt and shimmied herself into it.

"What about this?"



"It makes your eyes strikingly beautiful," Nanako said. "But um...what's all this about? Do
you have a big fashion model thing?"

Ann's cheeks turned rosy.

"N-no it's just...I'm visiting Shiho."

"Tonight?"

"In two days."

Nanako probably should have tried to hide the surprise from her face, but she didn't. Her eyes
went wide and her mouth literally dropped open. Ann hid her face in her hands.

"Oh no, it's as bad as I thought...Nanako, I'm a total mess."

"No! No no no, not at all, you're just...trying to put you best foot forward."

Ann sighed and fell onto her bed, which was covered with an arrangement of sundresses. She
dug out a pillow from underneath the dresses and shoved it on her face.

"Ever since I admitted to myself that I'm in love with Shiho, I can't stop overthinking literally
everything. I get sick to my stomach just trying to figure out what to wear and when I start
thinking about how to talk to her I feel like I'm going to have a panic attack. I've already
postponed going to visit her twice, which is the last thing I want to do because I want to see
her so badly but...I can't help but worry I'm going to do something stupid like blurt out how I
feel and then ruin everything because she's in such a bad place right now and she needs a
*friend*, not...well...you know..."

Nanako sat on the bed beside her and pulled the pillow off her face.

"I know how you feel."

Ann just nodded. Nanako laid on the bed next to her, and the two of them stared at the
ceiling.

"Well, you know that I'm going to tell you to be yourself."

"Yeah."

"And I also know that's going to be impossible."

"...yeah."

"The worst part, though, is the anticipation. At least, it is for me. Like, if Shiho just dropped
in right now, without you having any time to think about it, you'd probably do better. It's just
like when we're in the Metaverse. If we really sat around and thought about the danger we
were taking on, we might not do it. And for good reason, it's dangerous. But we don't think -
we just jump in and handle what's there."



"Yeah but she's not going to just drop in."

"Then we'll have to drop in on her. Come on, let's go."

"What? Now? We can't, visiting hours are over."

Nanako stood up and reached into her skirt pocket, pulling out her big bro's glasses, flicking
them on.

"We're the Phantom Thieves. We're not going to be stopped by visiting hours. Now come on,
put on your school uniform."

"My uniform? No way, if we're going, I need to be cute."

"My plan is only going to work if you're in uniform. Which is good, because now you can't
over think that either. "

"How about instead we just try on my clothes and then eat a bunch of ice cream?" Ann
whimpered.

"Wake up, get up, get out there!" Nanako ordered.

Ann groaned and got up from the bed. Nanako went out to the living room to let Ann change,
and to take a second to think about the plan.

It...should work, right? She thought about calling Ren to get his opinion, but then decided
against it. Ann still hadn't told anyone else about her feelings for Shiho, and knowing Ren,
he'd start putting pieces together.

Nanako's plan would be fine.

"It's showtime," she muttered to herself.



Chapter 277: 6/14 - Evening
Chapter Summary

Operation Shiho.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Nanako and Ann walked through the hospital entrance doors, both in their school uniforms.
Nanako kept up a pretty fast walking pace, walking with clear purpose, as if she was slightly
late to being somewhere she needed to be. They both had their school bags with them.

"Are you sure about this?" Ann whispered.

"Just act like you belong. Nobody is going to question two students walking around if we
walk with purpose."

"We could've at least worn a disguise or something."

"I don't have a nurse's outfit just lying around," Nanako argued.

"I do. I have two."

"What? Why didn't you say something earlier then-"

"Excuse me, young ladies," a voice called out. Ann glanced at Nanako, but Nanako kept
looking straight ahead and walking, even though she started to feel her heart pound against
her chest.

"You two, right there, in the school uniforms."

They stopped. Nanako turned around and looked confused.

"Who, us?"

The voice belonged to a middle-aged security guard. He had a friendly face, but stern eyes
behind his glasses.

"Yes, you two. Visiting hours are over, you need to go home."

"Oh, we're not visiting, we're doing a research report for school," Nanako explained. "We
have permission from the hospital director. He gave us badges and everything."

"Oh? Can I see them?"



"Sure. Ann, can you get out the badges?"

Ann's look of panic was not fake. Her eyes went wide, the color drained from her face. She
glanced at the security guard, then leaned over to Nanako.

"Badges? We didn't-"

"You know, the badges," Nanako said, looking confused herself. "...you did remember to
bring them, didn't you?"

"I...Wait are you...serious or...?"

"Ann! The badges!"

"I don't have them!"

"Are you serious!? Oh my God, I can't believe this, this is so typical. I did all of the work so
far in getting us here, and I ask you to do one simple thing and you mess it up."

Ann glared. "Hey, you didn't tell me anything about this-"

"Yes I did! Ugh, you never listen."

"C-cut it out! Now you're just being mean about it, we don't have to-"

"Ladies, ladies!" the security guard cut in. "Please...let's not make a scene. People here are
trying to get well. Just...here..."

He reached into his shirt pocket and pulled out two visitor stickers and handed it to them.

"Don't forget your badges next time, okay?"

"Sorry, thank you so much."

He nodded and turned, walking down the hall. Nanako peeled her sticker and put it on her
shirt.

"Oh...that was the plan the whole time..." Ann said, realizing. "But why didn't you tell me?"

"Because..." what Nanako wanted to say was that Ann was a terrible actor and if she told her
ahead of time there'd be no way she could sell it. Instead she went with: "Because I thought
of it on the spot. We just got lucky."

"Oh, okay. Well, at least we're in."

"Yes. Your beloved awaits."

Ann blushed.

"She's on the sixth floor, right?"



"Wait!" Ann said suddenly. "Let's make a detour. I have an idea."

--

Nanako pushed the door to Shiho's room open, and then pushed Ann through it.

"G-geez, you could be a little gentler," Ann hissed.

"Ann?"

Shiho had a room to herself. Her bed raised in a seated position. A small TV on the wall was
running. There was an IV hooked into Shiho's arm. She looked a bit weary, with her hair kind
of messed up, but her eyes were bright and excited.

"H-hey, Shiho," Ann said. "Sorry for just...dropping in, we uh..."

"I'm so glad to see you," she cut in. "Seriously. You came at just the right time."

"Oh...that's um...great...I brought you something."

Ann swung her school bag around and dumped it onto Shiho's bed. A dozen different candies
from the hospital vending machine tumbled out.

"I wasn't sure which one you would want so I just bought one of everything..."

Shiho laughed. "Silly, you know my favorite are these," she said, snapping up a bag of candy.

"Well, yeah, I know that, but I wasn't sure if you would be in the mood for them or maybe
you'd want to try something different or maybe, I don't know, something changed in between
and you didn't like those anymore, so I just wanted to make sure you had everything you
might want except you know limited by the fact that we were buying things out of a vending
machine, ugh, I'm sorry, I should've thought about this ahead of time and bought you
something proper from a store or something and-"

"Ann!" Shiho said, cutting her off. "It's okay. You're acting really nervous. What's up?"

Ann took a deep breath. "Sorry. I just...really wanted to see you. I know I was supposed to
come in a couple of days, but I couldn't wait."

"Well, as I said, you came at just the right time. But um...why do you keep saying 'we'?"

"Huh? Because Nana-"

Ann turned around.

Nanako was gone.

"...that sneaky..."

"Hey, you're not gonna make me eat all this by myself, are you?" Shiho asked. Ann turned
around and saw that Shiho was shimmying herself over in the bed to the left, making room



for her.

Ann felt her heart accelerate to a thousand beats per minute. Her head felt light and swirly.

"You know me, I can't pass up sweets."

Ann slipped her boots off, grabbed her own packet of candy, and sat in the bed next to Shiho.
She could feel Shiho's warmth from where their shoulders touched, and Ann felt like she
could melt right there into a puddle of gooey happiness.

She tore open the candy and popped some in her mouth.

They watched the TV. It was a game show of some sort, something peppy and mindless. Ann
was too busy concentrating on her nerves. She wanted to say something, but she couldn't
figure out what. At the same time, though, there was something nice and comfortable about
the silence. Shiho and her and spent many nights just sitting around and watching TV or
looking at their phones without saying a word.

But...that was before she had fallen in love with her.

"Ann...can you put your arm around me?"

The request caught Ann completely off-guard. She felt her cheeks turn bright red.

"U-uh, s-sure! If that's what you want..."

Ann's arm felt like it weighed a thousand pounds as she lifted it over Shiho's head and draped
it across her shoulders. Shiho let out a little whimpering sound that made Ann's heart melt
even more, and Shiho nestled her head against Ann's chest.

"I was in a really dark place just now."

"What? Why? Were you thinking of..."

"No, no not like that," Shiho said quickly. "I was just...worrying. Worrying that...you
know...my body is never going to be okay again. I mean, the physical therapy is going okay,
but it's never going to be the same is it? Will I ever be able to do the things I did before?"

"I don't know," Ann whispered. "I wish I did. I wish I could tell you that you'll be just the
way you were. But I do know that whatever happens, you're going to find something that
you're good at, even if it's not volleyball again. You might even find something you are better
at. You're going to have a good life, Shiho. This is just...a setback."

"And what about finding love? My body is...tainted. Ruined. Soiled by-"

"Stop," Ann said, holding her tighter. With her other hand, she touched Shiho's cheek and
turned her face to look directly into Ann's eyes. "You stop that right now. You're not ruined.
You were hurt, and that will heal too. And when you're healed and ready to share your heart
and your...body, with whomever you fall in love with, they're going to be the luckiest person
in the entire world. Don't think those thoughts ever again."



Shiho let her eyes fall shut as a content smile spread across her face. Her hand reached up and
rested on the hand Ann had on her cheek.

"Thank you, Ann. I'm relieved to hear you say that."

Shiho turned back around and snuggled back into Ann's embrace. Ann leaned over and
allowed herself to smell Shiho's hair. She wanted to just hold this girl forever, to tell her
lovely things and protect her from the evil in the world.

Ann wasn't sure how much time passed before she realized Shiho was drifting off in her
arms.

"Hey...you're tired. You need to rest," Ann said. She moved to get up, but Shiho grabbed her
hand.

"Ann...can you stay with me until I fall asleep?"

"Yeah. Of course."

Shiho used the remote to make the bed lay flat. Ann turned off the TV, cleaned up the candy
wrappers, and lowered the lights. She turned to see Shiho had the blankets drawn back,
inviting her in.

Ann swallowed and gingerly got into the bed. She didn't usually sleep with her full school
uniform on, but she didn't dare try and make herself more comfortable. The bed wasn't really
meant for two people, and it was a tight enough squeeze.

Shiho rolled over to her side. Ann spooned up behind her.

"You're too good to me," Shiho whispered, her voice dreamy and distant.

"Always," Ann said.

It took only moments for Shiho to drift off, but Ann didn't dare move yet. She didn't want to
wake her up, and...well, she didn't want to leave either. This might be as close as she ever got
to Shiho in this way.

Although...Shiho was throwing some pretty strong signals, wasn't she?

Ann shoved that all aside. Now wasn't the time to overthink things. She was just going to
enjoy the moment she had - a moment she had Nanako to thank for.

Ann wasn't sure what she did to deserve such an incredible friend, but she felt closer to her
than ever before.

And before she knew it, Ann drifted off to sleep too.

--

SOCIAL LINK RANK UP 



Star: Ann Takamaki

Level 5

Chapter End Notes

Huh, that's weird, Ann and Teddie have the same Arcana.

Anyway, thanks to everyone again for all your comments and support. I'm sorry updates
have been slower, September/October is a really busy time of year for me. But I promise
that I'm not abandoning this fic.



Chapter 278: 6/15 - After School
Chapter Summary

Nanako talks to the president.

"Nervous?" Ren asked. He and Nanako were climbing the stairs to the third floor.

"No. But she clearly is," Nanako replied. "She was just doing her crappy pursuit yesterday.
And now she's trying the direct approach? She must either think we're totally stupid or she
has way too much confidence in her interrogation abilities."

"Someone's fired up," Ren said with a smirk.

Nanako shrugged. He had a point - why was she so amped up about this? It was probably
because she needed to spend her time looking for Kaneshiro. Chie was in danger, and she was
now being forced to waste precious Phantom Thief time on...this.

She tried to calm down. Kotone had told her that there would be no need to find the next
target, that it would come to them. But there was also no guarantee that Kaneshiro was the
next target that she was referring to. It seemed likely, yes, but...

Ren slid the door open. Nanako hadn't even realized they'd arrived.

"After you," he said.

She smiled at him and stepped in. Niijima was already sitting at the table. No other members
of the student council were present.

"Ah, you wasted no time in getting here. I appreciate that. Please, have a seat."

Ren closed the door and the two of them sat down. Nanako made an effort to look bored and
irritated.

"Can we get this over with?"

Niijima looked irritated, but remained composed.

"Very well, I'll cut straight to the point. Kamoshida-sesnei. Madarame. Won't you tell me the
truth behind the Phantom Thieves incidents?"

Nanako glanced at Ren. As usual, he was completely passive, transformed into the
unassuming student. Nanako decided to double down on irritated.



"Really, how the heck are we supposed to know anything about that? We're just students, like
you. Didn't we go through this all once before?"

"Mm, well, of course you wouldn't just go out and admit it if I simply asked you. So why
don't we recontextualize the situation."

Niijima set her phone on the table and pressed a large "play" icon in the center of the screen.

"Taking justice into our own hands, all that crap about not having the right...what the hell
gives the adults the right to do all the shit they've been doing, huh!? If the law is so good and
the police are the right answer, why ain't they fixin' this stuff? We wouldn't gotta do it at all if
they did what they were supposed to!"

"Ryuji, you idiot," Morgana whispered from inside the bag.

Ren remained unreadable. Nanako disguised her surprise with more irritation.

"What's all that supposed to mean, exactly? So you have a recording of Sakamoto yelling, he
does a lot of yelling."

It was Niijima's turn to look irritated.

"I'm not going to allow you to sit here and simply play dumb, Dojima-san. We both know
what he's talking about - Akechi's interview on TV regarding the Phantom Thieves. In this
recording, Sakamoto uses the words 'our' and 'we', and makes reference to fixing things the
police cannot, or will not, fix. That is the definition of vigilantism."

"What if he was talking about something else?"

"He wasn't. But if you need more evidence, I'm happy to provide it. Let's start by
backtracking to what we've already talked about - the fact that you four have particularly
powerful connections with Kamoshida. He tried to recruit you, he harmed Takamki's friend,
he hurt Sakamoto, and with Amamiya here, he was very vehement about trying to get him
expelled. So despite the cute story you told about how Amamiya didn't know Kamoshida and
therefore wouldn't have any interest in harming him, there's plenty enough here to prove a
connection."

Niijima picked up her phone and tabbed it a few times.

"On top of that, we have this."

It was a picture of the whole team standing around Shibuya station. Niijima pointed.

"That is Kitagawa Yusuke, the ward and protege of the great artist Madarame, who was the
latest victim of the Phantom Thieves. You seem to be rather close with him."

"He's just a friend," Nanako said.

"Oh? And how did you meet said friend, considering that you don't go to the same school."



"Art class," she said. "I take art lessons on the side."

"Is that so? I'd love to see one of your works."

"I haven't finished any yet. That's why I'm taking the lessons."

Niijima leaned forward on the table.

"Do you really think I'm this stupid?"

"I think that you've taken a bunch of circumstantial evidence and tied it together to make a
nice narrative," Nanako said. "A narrative where a bunch of teenagers are apparently Japan's
number one vigilante group. You take the fact that we were victims and use that as the
justification for your theory, you take snippets of conversations out of context and you twist
them to make it proof. But let's ask some big questions, Niijima-san. If we're really the
Phantom Thieves, how do we do it?"

"I...well, I don't know that exactly, but-"

"But nothing. You're the student council president, you know our attendance records, and you
know we come to school every day. So we aren't doing it then. What, are we somehow taking
down criminals as part of an after school club? How would we do that with the resources we
have? We're not rich. We're not connected. And we don't have any special skills. So how do
we do it, if we're the Phantom Thieves?"

"I don't need to prove that," Niijima said, her voice a little shaky. "I just need to tell the
police, and they'll prove it. Unless you want to just share the truth with me now, and I
promise it'll stay between us."

"Shrewd move," Nanako said. "You know that Ren is on probation and that any trouble with
the law will land him in jail. Threatening to put the police on us might motivate us to be
cooperative - if we were unfamiliar with how the police work. Unfortunately for you, I do.
You might get someone to listen to you for a minute, but once they look at what you have
they'll attribute your observations to a busybody student council president who thinks herself
a detective. You will be ignored. You will accomplish nothing."

"Damnit!"

Niijima punched the table so hard that it rattled her phone. Nanako jumped, startled from the
physical outburst.

Ren just sat there.

"Damn you, Dojima," Niijima hissed. "You win, okay? You win."

Two tears rolled off her cheeks and splattered onto the table.

Nanako felt conflicted. She was happy to have won, to have gotten Niijima off their back,
but...



No. No empathy here. She's the enemy. If she showed one ounce of empathy towards her, she
could use that wriggle in and twist the situation around.

She stood up and turned for the door. She gripped the handle and prepared to slide it open.

"Why are you looking for the Phantom Thieves?"

Ren's voice was jarring. Nanako spun around, looking at him in disbelief. Niijima wiped her
eyes and looked up, confused.

"What?"

"You're looking so hard for the Phantom Thieves, but you've never said why."

Niijima stood there for a few long moments, her face tight and conflicted. Her fingers gripped
the table hard. Her whole body was stiff.

"...I need help. I messed up and now people are in danger and it's all my fault. I can't fix it by
myself."

Ren slowly lifted his glasses from his face and set them on the table. He then crossed his legs
and his arms, leaning back casually in the chair.

"Okay. We'll help you."

"Huh!?" Morgana yelped, poking his head out.

"What!?" Nanako said.

"You...you will? So that means..."

"Not here," Ren said, sweeping his glasses back on and standing up. "Come with us."

Ren scooped up Morgana and stepped outside. Nanako followed as they waited for Niijima to
gather her things.

"What the heck are you doing?!" Nanako whispered harshly. Ren shrugged.

"I just...did what I thought you would've done."

Nanako's anger quickly drowned in a sudden wave of shame.



Chapter 279: 6/15 - After School
Chapter Summary

Crashing the team meeting.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

"Y'know, I wonder if we should think about switching up the meeting spot," Ryuji said.

"Why?" Ann asked.

"Eh, I dunno. I mean I know Miss Prez is kinda clueless and couldn't sneak up on a sleeping
baby, but still she got sorta close to us, right? If she sees us all hanging out together she might
leap to conclusions."

"She's already seen us hanging out together," Ann pointed out.

"Yeah, I know, but with like, Yusuke and stuff."

"Oh, hm. That's surprisingly cautious of you, Ryuji."

"I know right? Just took that harpie breathing down our necks for me to start thinking- oh
shit."

"Hello, Sakamoto-kun," Niijima said, her arms crossed.

Nanako, Ren, Morgana, and Niijima had approached the group from behind. Ann and Ryuji
had their backs turned to them, and Yusuke was paying attention to his phone. Ryuji
immediately elbowed Ann.

"Why didn't you warn me?"

"Me? Yusuke's supposed to be on lookout."

"Hm?" Yusuke said, looking up from his phone.

"It's fine, everyone," Ren said. "She knows. And she's not an enemy."

"I'm sorry, what now?" Ryuji asked.

Ren and Niijima explained - first Ren relayed the story about how they had intentionally told
Niijima about their identities. Mercifully, Ren had left the part out where Nanako had made
Niijima cry in frustration. Then, Niijima started to tell what she knew, and what she needed.



And that's when things got better.

And worse.

"You're already chasing Kaneshiro?" Niijima said in surprise.

"Indeed. But our investigative trail has gone cold. Perhaps this is fortuitous," Yusuke
commented.

This was great.

This was terrible.

Great, because Niijima had many of the missing pieces. She knew why Chie and Sanada
were involved. She knew how Kaneshiro operated, and how he was using the Shujin
students. She knew details about his henchmen, some of his methodology. Combined with
what they knew, they had a much better shot at figuring out his keywords, his palace, all of it.

Terrible, because it felt like there was a great, wide hole in the center of Nanako's stomach.
She remembered a few years ago reading a short story called "He-y, Come on Ou-t!" by a
man named Shinichi Hoshi. In the story, some people found a strange hole in the ground
where they can throw whatever they wanted in it and it vanished forever. Greedy, the people
of the town sold use of the hole to everyone they could, throwing trash and pollution into it.
At the end of the story, it's revealed that the things thrown into the hole would later fall from
the sky.

A tale of warning, of "too good to be true", of the terrible things you do coming back onto
you in the end.

That's what it felt like.

With every detail that brought them closer to helping Chie, she felt the pain of her mistakes
raining on her head.

Ann rubbed her temples.

"This is a lot of information, I can't keep it all straight in my head..."

"Ah, it's okay, that's why we got Nanako, right?" Ryuji said, giving her shoulder a rough slap.

"I uh...sure...it's..."

"I would like to help too," Niijima said. "I believe I understand the intricacies of the situation
now. Using what you've shared with me, and the knowledge I have, I think I can create a
situation where we can gain the necessary information you need."

"You really think so?" Ren asked, curious.

"That'd be amazing," Morgana piped up from the bag. "She's a real tactical genius if that's
true!"



"Oh, a cat," Niijima said. She bent down to pat Morgana. He frowned.

"I forgot, she can't hear me..."

"Well, if you want to help, that'd be useful," Ren said. "The rest of us should think on it some
more as well. From what we've learned here, though, this man Kaneshiro is a dangerous one.
Our previous targets may have been evil and cunning in their own ways, but this is a man
who is used to people coming after him. We need to put our best forward this time."

"You got it, leader!" Ryuji said, giving a thumbs up.

"You're just gonna let Niijima and Nanako do all the thinking..." Ann mumbled.

"So are you! Stop putting us on blast!"

"...okay, good point," Ann said. The two blondes started down the walkway.

"I may try and see if Kaneshiro had any connections to Madarame," Yusuke said. "Though
most of the files and records have been taken by the police, there's still a few ways I might be
able to gather some information."

"Everything helps," Ren said. Yusuke nodded and wandered off.

"Well...I guess we'll be in contact, then," Niijima said, suddenly appearing very awkward.

"We should exchange contact information," Ren pointed out. The two got out their phones
and did the exchanges.

"I. Um." Niijima turned to Nanako. The two stared at each other.

"I...uh..." Nanako stammered.

"Right," Niijima said, giving a polite bow. "Until next time."

Then she rushed off. Nanako watched her wallk away until she vanished down the stairs.

"That was reckless," Nanako said. She was surprised she said it - in fact, it felt like someone
else was saying it. But she knew it was her voice, her words.

Ren adjusted his glasses.

"What, telling her?"

"Yes."

"It worked out."

"What if it didn't?"

Ren didn't say anything. The bustle of the station filled the silence.



"Oooookay...." Morgana said, stepping out of the bag. "I think that's my cue to go do
something else..."

The cat vanished, leaving the two of them alone.

"She was after us before. Not to get our help, but to get her glory. Undoubtedly trying to get
kudos from the principal or the police or...whoever. She isn't like a victim on the Phansite
looking for help. Her circumstances changed."

"So shouldn't our response change with it?"

Nanako didn't know what to say to that.

So she said nothing. She turned on her heel and started for home.

And Ren watched her.

Chapter End Notes

Wow, everyone really liked the last chapter! I'm so happy you liked it! Thanks for all
your comments and encouragement (but please make sure you're nice to each other in
the comments, too!)

Sorry it's taking so long between posts. I'm getting there! Hoping to do many more
soon!

Oh, and if you haven't read that short story referenced in today's chapter, you should!
Just google it.



Chapter 280: 6/15 - After School
Chapter Summary

Sakamoto.

"This line is experiencing an unexpected delay. We apologize for the inconvenience."

"Ah, damnit," Ryuji grumbled to himself. He quickly looked around to see if there were any
open benches. There was, so he rushed over and dropped his butt into it.

Someone else sat next to him at almost the same time. He glanced over.

"Oh. Shit."

"Ah, Sakamoto," said Niijima. "Hello. Again."

"Uh, yeah, hey," Ryuji mumbled.

"We take the same train."

"Seems like it," Ryuji said.

They sat there. Man, this was awkward. He felt like he should just get out his phone and
scroll around, but he didn't want to get in trouble.

Wait, they weren't at school, he couldn't get in trouble.

He had his hand in his pocket and wrapped around his phone when Niijima suddenly turned
to look at him.

"Do you hate me?"

Ryuji almost jumped out of his seat but managed to keep some composure. He sighed and
released his phone. So much for getting out of an awkward conversation.

"Hate is uh...that's a pretty strong word, don't you think?"

"I suppose. But at the very least you must have a very intense dislike of me. All of you."

"I mean, you were hunting us down, can you blame us?"

"I suppose not," she said, turning away from him to stare at a blank spot on the platform
floor.



Ryuji looked at her. The student council president was the kind of person that he tended to
avoid at all costs, for a lot of reasons. Firstly, they tended to be busybodies and nags, who
would pester Ryuji about his uniform and his hair color. Second, if their nagging didn't work,
they were the ones who snitched.

Third, they - and she - just bugged him. She was everything he wasn't, and because of that,
she was guaranteed to have a successful life.

But this was probably the first time he'd really looked at her.

And she was....well, normal. She looked worried. Confused.

Kinda pretty.

"Why were you doin' that, anyway?"

"What? Pursuing you? Because I was told to."

"And you always do what you're told?"

"Pretty much," she said with a sigh. "It's what's expected of me. My family isn't...well,
anyway, there's a lot of pressure to do well. So I do it. I can't let her down."

"Your mom?"

"My sister," she said, with a weight to the word that warned Ryuji not to push any further. He
could put the pieces together.

"It's just me and my mom. She expects a lot out of me, too. Guess the only difference
between you and me is that you actually do well and I'm just a screw up."

"I..." she started, but didn't finish the sentence. Ryuji frowned.

"Y'know, you say you always do what you're told, but that doesn't really add up with the rest
of your story."

"Yes, I'm not sure where that came from, either."

"Yeah you do," Ryuji said. Niijima looked at him, a little surprised.

"What do you mean?"

"I mean the fact that you acted like that means it's part of you. It's just the part you ignore all
the time. You gave in to it."

"Because it was the right thing to do," she said.

"Then I guess you're not so different than the rest of us," Ryuji said. "We break the rules
because people are gettin' hurt. It's the right thing to do. At least, that's how I feel here."

He pounded his heart. Niijima smiled.



"Are you trying to make me feel better?"

"I guess so. Is it working?"

"A little. You don't think the rest of your team hates me?"

"Nanako is a little on edge, sure. But...I dunno, if you're on our team now, then you're on our
team. We're all about changing people's hearts. Maybe I'm being dumb and naive and you're
gonna double-cross us in the end, but I believe you."

"Thank you," she said. "I'm not going to double-cross you."

"This line is experiencing an unexpected delay. We apologize for the inconvenience."

Ryuji sighed. He really wanted to get home and eat. But at least sitting there with Niijima
wasn't as awkward.

"...how do you guys do it, anyway? The change of heart? Is it really blackmail?"

"Blackmail? Ha, you think a bunch of high schoolers have the resources to blackmail
powerful people? Kamoshida, maybe, but Madarame? And we're willing to try and take on
Kaneshiro, he'd be a pretty difficult guy to blackmail."

"Those are all good points," she said. "And I'd considered that...which makes how you do it
all the more mysterious."

Ryuji thought for a second. Ann and Nanako would tell him it was a stupid idea. So would
Mona, but who cared what a cat thought. Ren...well, he was the one that took the risk with
Niijima in the first place. And apparently he trusted her enough to let her think of part of the
plan, right? Wouldn't make a whole lotta sense for her to make a plan and not know how it
worked.

"Easier if I show you," Ryuji said, pulling out his phone.

"Show me?"

He held the phone up to his mouth.

"Mementos."

Beginning navigation.



Chapter 281: 6/15 - Mementos
Chapter Summary

Ryuji gives a tour.

"What...what is this...?"

Niijima stood staring at the pulsing red veins on the wall. She looked in confusion at the
twisting subway tracs and the dull red light.

Ryuji grinned to himself. It was satisfying to shake up the know-it-all student council prez, to
take her way, way out of her comfort zone. He strode up behind her.

"This is Mementos," he said, spreading his arms in a grandiose manner. "Here is where the
whole of human-"

"Ah! Kiii-yah!"

Ryuji wasn't ready for the surprisingly powerful uppercut into his solar plexus. He tried to cry
out in pain, but the blow had knocked the wind out of him. So instead he doubled-over and
wheezed, clutching at his belly.

"Oh my goodness...Sakamoto! I'm so sorry! I didn't realize it was you!" Niijima said,
grabbing his shoulder. "Are you all right?"

"Damn prez...didn't know you knew...how to...throw a punch..." Ryuji managed to gasp out.
After a moment he stood up, though he still felt the pain radiating from the point of impact.

"Again, my deepest apologies. I have trained in Aikido since I was young and I guess instinct
just took over. My sensei would be very disappointed in me losing my cool like that." She
bowed. But when she raised from the bow, she was frowning. "Why are you dressed like
that? Actually...when did you dress like that? And where are we? What's happened to the
train station?"

"As I was trying to tell ya, this is Mementos. It's like uh...the whole of human desires. But in
train form."

"What?"

"This is the Metaverse," Ryuji said, starting over. It was only now that he realized how
complicated this whole thing was. "So like, it's a world where we can see the thoughts and
feelings of people. But not like, their actual thoughts or whatever, it's all symbolic and shit."



Niijima touched her chin thoughtfully.

"So...this is where you do the change of heart?"

"Well, not here, this is Mementos. This is like...the palace of everybody. So like you know
how you get a vibe from a crowd when you're walking through it? That's what this place is. If
you wanna change a heart, you have to go to a person's palace."

"I see. So this is like Karl Jung's Collective Unconscious theory. And this twisted, dark
subway is a metaphorical representation of the thoughts and moods of the general public -
which I suppose makes sense considering how ubiquitous and important the subway system
is for the citizens of Tokyo. And...if the unconscious thought is given metaphorical yet
physical shape in this Metaverse, then manipulating it could manipulate the unconscious
thoughts and beliefs of a person...ergo, the ability to change the heart."

"Yep. That. Exactly that," Ryuji said, grinning behind his mask. "Wow you really are smart."

"But isn't this just mind control?"

"Huh? Oh, no. It only works on evil people. Regular people don't have palaces. And it's not
like we can make them do whatever we want. All we do is take away the desire that twists the
person up, and as a result they uh...I guess wake up?"

"Wake up?"

"I dunno how to explain it right. I've been thinkin' though like...you ever get obsessed with
something so much that it's all you can think about? Like when you're a kid and you find a
new tv show you like or a new game?"

"I suppose...?"

"Okay well like, did you ever play that Neo Featherman card game?"

"Neo what?"

"...wow, seriously, you don't know what Neo Featherman is?"

"I don't watch a lot of TV."

Ryuji sighed. "Okay well, there's a show called Neo Featherman and they made a card game.
When I was eight I got really hooked into it and for like a year it was all I could think about.
But then one day I just sorta...woke up. I realized I was spending so much time and energy
thinking about it but I didn't actually like playing the game. I feel like that's kinda what
happens with the change of heart. With Kamoshida, he was so obsessed with...well, his weird
sick life, that he didn't realize what he was doing anymore. He was lost to it. Then when we
took that shit away, he woke up, and the rest of the person that was still inside him realized
how bad he was."

"Ah, I understand what you're getting at," Niijima said. "So what you do isn't really forcing
them to change, you're just confronting them with their actions and desires. What happens



next is more or less up to them. What would happen if you stole the desires of someone truly
evil, though? Someone remorseless?"

"I dunno."

She frowned again. "So...you're not worried about the repercussions?"

He shrugged. "I guess I don't believe that people are ever fully evil."

Niijima yelped again. Ryuji spun around just in time to see one of the multi-faced Mementos
shadows leaping out from the corner towards him. He sprung off to the side and his pipe
materialized in his hand. As the shadow skid to a halt, he bashed it with a body blow,
grabbing its attention.

"What is that?!"

"A shadow," Ryuji called back. "Don't worry, I got it."

The shadow lunged forward with its long arms, but it was a pretty clumsy attack. Ryuji
simply leapt high over it and landed on its shoulders.

"Nighty night!"

The pipe crashed into the top of its head and the shadow melted under his feet.

"I see...so this world isn't without danger," Niijima said. "Is that why you transform into a
Halloween skeleton?"

"A what!? I'm clearly a kick-ass modern pirate! See? Skull, scarf?"

"Oh. Oh, yes, I can see it now."

"You don't sound convinced at all."

"No no! It's a very nice pirate costume!"

"It's not a costume! It's my Phantom Thief...okay, it is a costume, but it isn't a joke!"

They both spun around and the sound of two more shadows forming behind them.

"Great, we attracted their attention," Ryuji grumbled.

"What do we do?" Niijima asked, striking up a combat stance.

"Uh, you're gonna do nothing, you can't fight them."

"If you can, I can. I just knocked the wind out of you, remember?"

The two shadows melted again, revealing their true form of a pair of bicorns. Niijima looked
surprised, but her stance held steady.



"It's not just about fighting power, though I gotta say I'm impressed with how ready you are
to kick ass. You need a persona."

"A what?"

The bicorns stamped their feet and made ready to charge.

"Hold on a sec."

Ryuji took a few steps forward and gripped the edge of his mask.

"Persona! Captain Kidd!"

His persona materialized around him, the pirate captain towering above him, proudly riding
his ship.

Ryuji glanced over his shoulder and enjoyed the shocked look on Niijima's face.

"Mazio!"

Lightning streaked from above and struck both bicorn, instantly turning them into dust. Huh,
guess he was getting a lot stronger.

Captain Kidd returned to his mask and Ryuji walked back over to Niijima.

"See? Persona."

"How..."

"Uh. Well, I mean I'm not the best at explainin' that kinda stuff. Basically it's the part of you
that wants to change all the shit going on around you. It gives you dope-ass superpowers.
Now, where's my phone..."

He pulled it out and opened up the MetaNav.

"Is that how you brought us here?"

"Yeah. Pretty weird, we don't know why we have it. But then again we don't know why we
can do any of it. We're just taking advantage of the power given to us."

"Do you have to select how many people are transported? How was it that I was allowed to
cross over?"

"Huh? Nah, if you're close enough when I open it, you just get dragged in."

"...but, there were other people on the platform. I mean, I know many of them were leaving
because of the train delay, but you could've accidentally brought them too, right?"

"...shit, you're right. Guess I got lucky."



Niijima laughed. Ryuji's first instinct was to get angry and yell at her, but it didn't seem like
she was laughing at him.

"You really surprise me, Sakamoto."

"Hey, I've shown you all our secrets and you're helping us out with the next mission. Just call
me Ryuji, all right?"

"I-I-...but...uh..."

"Or in here it's Skull. That's my code name. Okay Makoto?"

Ryuji hit the button to send them back to the real world.

...but he could've sworn he saw her blush when he used her first name.



Chapter 282: 6/15 - Night
Chapter Summary

???

It was sweltering.

"What the hell are you!? I'm gonna kick your ass so hard that you'll wish you were dead!"

"I'm gonna kick your ass so hard you'll wish you were dead~! Oh, so tough! So manly! That's
why you say those things, isn't it, Kanji dear?"

Nanako's head hurt. Her vision was blurry, in part from the pain, in part from the steam of the
bathhouse. Around her she could hear the sounds of battle - Personas being summoned,
magic thrown, blades crossed.

In the center of the chaos were two young Kanjis.

One, the delinquent punk.

The other, mostly nude, posing.

"You want everyone to think you're someone you're not. You've put on such a thorough act,
that everyone around you has completely believed it. It's so good, in fact, that you believe it
yourself."

Nanako squinted. The voice was...strange. Not an effeminate Kanji, like before. It was even
higher pitched. Sweeter. Younger.

No, it wasn't Kanji's shadow speaking at all.

It was someone else.

"Wait, that can't be," Nanako said to herself. "These visions...these are just memories. All I
can do is watch. If I'm hearing something else, it then it has to be something that happened..."

"The rules change," the voice says. "Understanding changes and with it, so does the
Metaverse. You're starting to understand it, aren't you Nanako?"

"Who are you?" Nanako asked, feeling at her side. The Compendium hung on her shoulder,
resting on her hip.

"Wrong question," the young voice said.



"Then what's the right question?"

"The right question is...do you remember yet?"

Nanako spun around, hurling the Compendium in a dangerous arc as hard as she could,
aiming it at chest level. The book missed.

Nanako's eyes drifted downward.

She stared at a six year old girl with brown twin tails and bright yellow eyes.

She was dressed like a princess, complete with crown and puffy white dress. The world was
still the bathhouse, except for where this princess stood. The floor beneath her feet was bright
marble.

"What...?"

"You need to drop the act, Nanako," the princess said. "You're running out of time."

Nanako woke up.



Chapter 283: 6/16 - Morning
Chapter Summary

Gangster.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

"There's been all sorts of rumors lately about criminals operating here and in the Shibuya
area, sometimes going after students. I really hope that you aren't getting yourselves mixed
up in any of those things," said Inui-sensei from the front of the classroom. "Though it is
pretty interesting, from a historical perspective, how crime remains remarkably consist over
time and civilization."

"Morgana..." Ren said through gritted teeth. "Wake up..."

He poked at Morgana's side with the eraser-side of a pencil. Morgana was deep asleep
though, and snoring softly. Nanako figured that was why Ren wanted him awake - he was
starting to get too loud.

"Despite rapid changes in technology, the types of crime always seem to be the same.
Murder, of course. But also a lot of crime meant to make money - such as fraud, blackmail,
and the selling of illegal goods, whether it's illegal drugs today or the rum-runners of
prohibition America. In fact, one of America's most famous criminals, Al Capone, was
prohibition violator."

"Seriously cat, if you get caught, I'm not helping you." Ren flipped the pencil over and started
poking him with the point.

"Ironically, it wasn't murder, smuggling, or any of the more 'exciting' crimes that got Al
Capone finally arrested. Dojima-san, do you know why Al Capone was arrested?"

Nanako had to think about this one for a second.

"Oh! Tax evasion!"

"That's right! The American government decided that Al Capone hadn't reported any of his
ill-gotten gains and paid the proper taxes for it and used that as the justification to put him in
jail. This is rather ironic, considering Capone's defense was to loudly declare that a
government can't take legal taxes from illegal money."

Nanako's phone buzzed twice.



 

ANN: Where the heck did you learn about Al Canoli's tax evasion?

NANAKO: It's Capone. And I saw it on a documentary once.

ANN: You watch too much TV.

NANAKO: One could argue I don't watch enough.

Nanako scrolled to the next message.

 

SANO: Hey, your new stuff is ready! Wanna come by and pick it up?

NANAKO: Sure, see you after school.

Morgana yawned.

"What'd I miss?"

Ren just sighed.

Chapter End Notes

Hi everyone!

Typically I don't do "sorry for not updating" posts. It's just a rule I have.

Buuut, even this is a little bit too inconsistent for me, so I feel the need.

I could drop all the excuses on you: work has been tiring, this time of year is always
busy for me, I got a new dog, I've been writing a lot of new side projects (for money).
And all of those things would be true and part of the reason for the update slowdown!

But...in reality, I just find Kaneshiro's palace kinda boring. For every other palace I have
a really cool twist and idea and I'm excited to get to them, but...Kaneshiro's is a bit of a
struggle. It was way more fun writing the setup, and now that I'm at this part I was
getting a little bored. And when you're writing a giant story for fun, boredom is the thing
that will kill it everytime.

But don't worry! I spent the last couple of days hammering out this transition so we are
back on a better track! Expect some more frequent updates.

Hope you're all doing well! Thank you for all your comments and support! <3






Chapter 284: 6/16 - After School
Chapter Summary

Nanako and Sano are caught.

Nanako rode the train down to Ueno alone.

Someone would have come with her if she asked - Ann, Ren, even Ryuji. But she found that
she wanted solitude. Distance. If she had to be honest with herself, she was a little relieved
that Sano had contacted her. It gave her something to do.

An excuse.

She still couldn't shake the feelings from yesterday, both from her interactions with Niijima
and from the dream. And she couldn't help but wonder if the two were connected.

And the memory dreams - memodreams? - she had seen Yukiko and Kanji having difficulty
with accepting sides of them that they didn't want to admit. She'd talked with Yukiko about
her desires to escape her family business before she even left Inaba, and she'd talked to Kanji
about his difficulty accepting his own sexual identity.

Those had been the sources of their shadows.

Shadows.

Palaces. Her friends had palaces. Had shadows.

And yet those issues weren't nearly as vile and corrupt as the ones created by Kamoshida and
Madarame. Certainly having difficulty accepting yourself isn't the same as manipulating and
abusing people for their own gain.

Except.

She couldn't help but notice the connection.

Pain.

Kamoshida's pain. Madarame's pain. They had been the source of their corruptions.

Yukiko's pain. Kanji's pain. That had been the source of their shadows.

The little princess in Nanako's dream had yellow eyes, too. Was there a pain that hadn't
resolved itself? Was there something inside her past that was festering away, threatening to



become a shadow if she didn't deal with it?

And was Niijima bringing all of that out?

She shook herself back into reality when the speaker announced her stop. She'd already been
thinking herself in circles all day about it, she needed to stop.

Well, what she really needed was someone to talk to.

But who?

She strode down the street and made her way to the Sano Leatherworks, where she saw a
surprising face.

"Ah, hello, Dojima-san!"

It was the smiling face of Moriko. Today she was in maximum pastel-gothic-lolita mode, all
pastel yellows with turquoise blue make up. She looked like a delicate confection, and
Nanako found herself wondering how she had gotten so dressed up so quickly after school.
Did her school not have uniforms?

"Ah, hello. You can call me Nanako, please."

Moriko smiled and took it in stride. She held up a manga cover with picture of a sexy woman
wearing motorcycle armor over a yellow jumpsuit. "So, you're here for the 25th Century
Bike-chan costume?"

"I uh, yeah," Nanako said, trying to hide the fact that she had forgotten what obscure manga
she was supposed to be cosplaying this time around. "I mean, the last one came out so well
so...I dunno. Thought I'd try it."

She looked around for Sano, but there was no sign of him.

"So are you getting more into cosplay modeling? Because you're quite a natural, and if you
want to go further, I'd love to take more pictures of you."

"Ah, well, Ann is the model. Not me."

"Don't be silly, you're beautiful, too. And no offense to Ann-san, but not every body type is
suited for every cosplay."

"I dunno," Nanako said, walking over to her and picking up the manga. "I'm not sure I really
have the curves for 25th Century Bike-chan."

"She does have a rather nice ass, doesn't she?" Moriko said appreciatively. "I mean, you have
the same chest as her, but you could fill it out if you did some squats. But again, a cosplay
doesn't have to be perfect. If you can embody the spirit, that's enough! Some of my favorite
cosplays have been from people with the 'wrong' body type, skin color, even gender...it's all
about who you are in the inside."



"Kind of ironic," Nanako said.

"What do you mean?"

"I just mean it's kinda ironic that people who are changing what they look like on the outside
to match something else could somehow...I dunno, reveal who they are on the inside. You
show your true self by hiding, almost."

Moriko smiled broadly. "That's very poetic. And very true. Cosplay is an art, and art is the
truest expression of ones self."

"I have a friend you should meet," Nanako said absently, thinking of Yusuke.

"Oh, Nanako! You're here," Sano said, popping his head out of the back room. "I'll be right
out."

Sano came bearing the most beautiful set of black leather Nanako had ever seen. As they
discussed, there were the black bracers that 25th Century Bike-chan wore on her cover, but
also with it were knee-high leather boots. They were gorgeously made and she could tell
would be beneficial armor in the Metaverse.

"Try it on, I'm dying to know," Sano said.

"Oh yes, please do. I'll hold your shoes," Moriko offered.

"Oh, uh, okay."

Nanako sipped off her shoes and worked the boots on. It was a little awkward getting the heel
all the way in, and she had to lean against the counter and really give it a kick.

"They'll soften up over use," Sano said apologetically. "But if I made them any larger, they'd
eventually flop off your feet."

"I think they fit fine," Nanako said, looking at the knee-high boots. With her skirt, they were
kinda...sexy. Nanako didn't hate the look.

"Now the bracers. I'll help you tie them on," Moriko said.

Nanako held out her arms, one at a time, while Moriko expertly laced them up. Like the
boots, they were a little stiff and uncomfortable.

"Well?" Sano asked.

They went over to the full-length mirror and Nanako checked herself out.

She looked like a bad-ass biker schoolgirl. Nanako tried a few tentative punches, then posed
a few times with her legs apart, kneeling, jumping - a few half-committed moves she might
make in the Metaverse.

"It's gorgeous," she said. "Though I look a little out of place in it."



"You look badass," Moriko corrected.

"I look like someone trying really hard to be badass," Nanako said. "Maybe it's the twin-
tails..."

"What's going on in here?"

Everyone turned. Standing in the doorway was a middle-aged man with a small, neat
mustache, glasses, and glowering eyebrows. He wore a simple t-shirt and jeans, but his belt
was clearly made of expensive leather. He had two grocery bags in his hands.

"Ah, father," Sano said, straightening up. "I was just...talking to these customers."

"We don't do cosplay," he said flatly, staring at Moriko and Nanako. Nanako straightened up,
hiding her arms behind her back.

"Really? But sir, cosplay is-" Moriko started.

"A complete waste of time. This shop ha been here in Ueno for generations, making the finest
leather goods since the Meiji Restoration. We create what the common man needs. I won't
have you waste our time with your frivolity."

Moriko opened her mouth to speak again, but Nanako nudged into her with her shoulder.

"We're really sorry for wasting your time, sir. We didn't know."

Sano's father stared at Nanako for a moment, then nodded once, gruffly.

"Fair enough. But if you're not going to buy anything, then there's no reason for you to stick
around."

Nanako bowed, yanking on Moriko's arm to do the same. Moriko clearly hesitated, but
followed. Then Nanako walked out of the store with Moriko at her side. They walked at a
brisk pace until they were a few stores away.

"Shoot, that was close," Nanako said with a breath. "Ack, I didn't even pay Sano!"

"Why did you give into him?" Moriko said with a glare. "Aren't you a fierce cosplayer? Don't
you want to stand up for what you love?"

"I...yes, but for myself. It's not my place to throw Sano into a fight he isn't ready for," Nanako
pointed out. "If we stayed and talked, then his father might have figured out Sano made these.
Then he'd be in real trouble."

Moriko huffed. "I guess you're right. Still...he should stand up to his father. Parents never
want the best for you anyway. If you don't live up to the social norms, they just cast you
aside. Might as well do it early and live a happier life."

"So you think Sano should just tell him he wants to work on cosplay stuff?"



"Of course he should. He's wanted to for a couple of years! But he never takes what he wants.
He's too shy. A big, strong, handsome, kind, generous guy like that...and he lets everyone
step all over him."

They kept walking. Nanako wasn't really sure where they were going - the train station was
the opposite direction.

"You really like him, huh?"

Moriko looked stricken, her shoulders tensing up.

"I uh...it's that obvious, is it?"

"To me and Ann it was, yes," Nanako said.

All of Moriko's confidence seemed to drift away. It takes a tremendous amount of willpower
to dress like she does in the middle of a crowd, to know that everyone is going to look at you
and maybe think you're strange. She was ready to go toe-to-toe with Sano's intimidating
father to defend her cosplay, and yet now she was shrinking into her fears and anxieties.

"If um...if you and Sano...I won't get in your way, I mean, if-"

"I have someone else," Nanako said. "But I know Sano is uh...interested."

"Oh," Moriko said.

"I don't want to tell you what to do," Nanako began, "but sometimes relationships with
parents are complicated. It may have been easy for you to-"

"It wasn't," Moriko snapped. "Believe me, it wasn't. When I was a little girl, my dad and I
were inseparable. But then...I got older and started having different interests...one time he
tried to ban me from cosplaying. We got into a huge fight."

"When was that?"

"Two years ago. We've hardly spoken since, and we live in the same house. It...hurts. All the
time it hurts. How could he love me so much and then turn me away?"

"Then you know firsthand how painful it can be to be rejected. Can you really blame Sano for
hesitating?"

"I..."

Moriko stopped. Nanako stopped.

The crowds filtered by them.

"I just wish his father would open his mind enough to listen to him, that's all."

Nanako nodded.



"Sorry, none of this is your problem. I'll see you around."

Moriko left before Nanako could say anything else. Nanako looked down at the bracers on
her arms and sighed.

She'd have to look up a video on how to take them off...

--

SOCIAL LINK RANK UP

Strength: Satoichi Sano

Level 5



Chapter 285: 6/16 - Evening
Chapter Summary

Rise shares some skills.

"Come...on...unlace..."

Nanako frowned at her phone, which she had balanced on the edge of the table.
Unsurprisingly, "How to Untie Bracers" wasn't a common YouTube video. She found a
couple of videos on how to untie long boots and corsets, but it didn't seem to be working out
the same.

"I'm home~!" Rise's cheerful voice sang through the door. Nanako jumped up in a panic - she
couldn't let Rise see her clad in basically leather armor. She reached to grab her phone, but
she knocked it off the edge and it fell over. When it landed on the ground, it knocked the
"volume up" button on the edge of her phone, making the video she was watching even
louder. Nanako sprawled onto the ground to grab it, but instead knocked it under the table
further, so she had to yank the chair aside and dive for it.

She finally got hold of it and muted the video. Then she crawled back out and stood up.

Rise smirked.

"You okay there...?"

"Um! Yes! Hi! Welcome home!"

"What are those?"

"Huh? Oh, uh, these. Yeah. They're um. Gloves."

"Part of the new Shujin Uniform?" Rise asked.

"N-no, not exactly, it's uh...for the school play. I was just trying on a costume and it got
stuck."

"Hmm," Rise said, her brain clicking over to performer mode at the sound of the word
"costume." She grabbed Nanako's wrists and flipped them over to examine the laces.

"Ah, of course. Watch what I do."

Nanako watched carefully as Rise deftly unlaced them in a way that she'd be able to slip them
back on again, but loose enough to comfortably remove them.



"There! You think you can do the next one?"

"I think so," Nanako said. She mimicked what Rise did and found the laces finally did
cooperate.

"Hey, I did it!"

"I knew you could! Good job!"

"Where'd you learn how to do that, anyway?"

Rise's cheeks blushed.

"Do you uh...really want the answer to-"

"No. No I don't."

Nanako tried to banish the implications from her head as she took the bracers back to her
room.

But she did think her proficiency went up a little.



Chapter 286: 6/17 - Morning
Chapter Summary

Nanako experiments.

Nanako regretted bringing her umbrella as she walked towards the front entrance of school. It
had rained the morning before, and the clouds seemed ominous, but now it was just another
thing she had to carry.

Oh, what if...

She slipped the umbrella in the strap of the Compendium, hanging like a sword at her side.
She wondered if people could see the umbrella now - people still ignored the Compendium
whenever it was around, and anything she placed inside the pages was effectively hidden too
- but those were all just pieces of paper.

But how would she know if the umbrella were hidden? Could she just go up to people and
say, 'hey do you see this umbrella?' She supposed she could ask her friends, but they could
already see the Compendium. Plus, the Compendium seemed to be visible when Nanako
wanted it to be - after all, that's how the strap for the book was made in the first place.

She wished she understood the rules of the thing better.

Pi pi pi

Nanako slipped out her phone.

RYUJI: Anyone get any more info on this Kanejiro guy?

NIIJIMA: Kaneshiro. And no, I haven't been able to find anything else.

YUSUKE: I've asked around my school, but no one seems to know anything of that type
of crime ring. I think they must only be targeting your school for now.

REN: Makes sense, your school isn't as close to Shibuya.

RYUJI: Damn. Well, we just gotta keep at it! Gonna take this asshole down!

"Nana-chan!"

"Ack!" Nanako jumped, startled. Her phone tumbled in the air. A graceful hand snapped out
and caught it.



"Sorry! I didn't mean to startle you. Did I interrupt something important?" Haru asked,
handing the phone back to Nanako.

"O-oh, no, not at all. I'm glad I ran into you, I keep meaning to text you but..."

"It's all right. Are you free this afternoon?"

"Oh, yes, actually. It'd be nice to do a little gardening."

"Great! I'll see you then!"

Haru started forward.

"Oh, uh, Haru?"

"Hm?" she asked, turning around.

"Do you notice anything...different about me? Perhaps a little strange?" Nanako asked. Haru
narrowed her eyes and focused intently on Nanako.

"Oh, is that a new shade of lipstick?"

"Ah...yeah, you got it!"

"It looks good on you!"

Nanako frowned as Haru went along. Did she not notice the umbrella? Or was the umbrella
just not odd? Or was the question too leading?

...also, Nanako wasn't wearing lipstick! She never wore lipstick!

Were her lips changing color?

Great, now she was going to be self-conscious about it all day...



Chapter 287: 6/17 - After School
Chapter Summary

Girl time.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

"Is there anyone that really, really annoys you?" Nanako asked. The question clearly caught
Haru off-guard, because she dug up way too much dirt with her hand spade and flung it into
the air.

A clump of it bounced off Nanako's shoulder.

"Oh, sorry!"

"No worries," Nanako said, brushing it off with a flick of her fingers. "You don't have to
answer the question if you don't want."

"I'm sorry, it just caught me a little off-guard," Haru admitted. "Hmm...yes, I suppose there is.
But that is true for everyone, isn't it?"

"I guess."

"Did something happen?"

Nanako sighed.

"There's just this person that rubs me the wrong way, and I think I'll have to be around them
for a while. I don't know why they rub me the wrong way, either. It's not like...there's a
reason. They just do. And I don't think I'm acting very kindly towards them because of it."

"It's impossible to be friends with everyone," Haru said.

"I know, but I feel like I should at least be courteous."

"Maybe courtesy is overrated."

Haru frowned at the dirt, stabbed it with spade, and twisted it, as if twisting a knife into
someone's belly.

"You think we'd be better off if we just said whatever we wanted?"

"Maybe not whatever, but being more honest would be beneficial. Especially...um..."



"Especially in the upper class, like you," Nanako said.

"Yes," Haru said. Nanako could tell that Haru didn't want to consider herself better than
Nanako, but there wasn't another way of putting it. Haru was rich beyond rich, and engaged
to boot. As friendly as they could be, their worlds were never going to quite line up.

"We weren't always rich," Haru said. "It all came from my grandfather...he had a quaint little
cafe. It never made a lot of money, but it brought a lot of people happiness in the community.
My father was the one who pushed. Okumura Foods is like my older brother, in a lot of ways.
It is the offspring of his determination and ambition."

"You're uncomfortable with that?"

"How could I be uncomfortable with anything? There isn't a thing in my life that won't go
wonderfully," Haru said. "But...I sometimes wonder if I didn't inherit father's determination
and ambition. Perhaps I'm a bit more like my grandfather, longing for a simpler life."

"Does he want you to take over someday?"

"I doubt it. He wants to marry me off, gain political leverage, leave Okumura foods behind
and get what he calls 'real power.'" Haru shook her head, the delicate ginger curls swaying
across her forehead. "I'm sorry, I've made this about me, you had something you wanted to
talk about."

Nanako shrugged in response. "I don't know. I just...feel fake. Like I'm not the person I think
I am."

"Maybe you're just changing," Haru suggested. "But you've never felt fake to me, Nana-chan.
You're always sincere. Maybe that's why you're having a hard time with this person. This
person is sincerely irritating you, and you don't know how to hide it."

"Maybe."

"You're not a saint or the Buddha. It's okay to dislike people."

"Maybe."

Haru dusted off her hands and set the spade aside.

"I think we've done enough for today. Do you want to get something to eat? My treat."

"Well...I guess," Nanako said. She was feeling a little peckish.

"Great! I know just the place."

--

A half hour later, Nanako had her hands in her face, rubbing her temples in disbelief.

"Why...why does this keep happening to me..." Nanako muttered to herself.



"Wow, look at the CEO's daughter go!" one Big Bang Burger worker yelled.

"I think she's going to finish the whole thing!" cried another.

"Quick, someone get this on video!"

A moment later, Haru wiped her mouth with the back of her hand and let out a loud belch.

"Ta-da~!"

The employees clapped. Haru took a bow.

--

SOCIAL LINK RANK UP

The Hermit: Haru Okumura

Level 4

Chapter End Notes

Hey everyone! Happy New Year! Hope you all had a good holiday season and that all
your dreams for 2022 come true.

Just a little FYI, I realized the other day that now the fanfiction is "in the past", I can
actually just look up what the weather was in Japan on the actual dates. Since P5's
weather was way less interesting than P4's, I think I'll just try using that for a bit and see
how it works out! So from here on out, the weather will actually match what it was in
Tokyo on the date in question.

Yeah, I know. I'm a nerd.



Chapter 288: 6/17 - Evening
Chapter Summary

Studying.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

"Okay, which do you like better - blush pink or hot pink?"

Ann held her two thumbs up at Nanako to compare the two shades of nail polish. Nanako just
sighed at her.

"We're supposed to be studying," Nanako reminded her. Ann groaned.

"I know, I know, it's just so boring..."

"It's good for you," Nanako scolded. "What if you don't want to be a model forever? What if
you change your mind at the last minute and decide you want to go to a university? You need
to let yourself have options."

"You sound like my mom," Ann moped. Nanako frowned.

"Do I? Am I...too mom-ish?"

"Eh? What do you mean?"

"I just mean...you know, bossy, nagging..."

"I didn't really mean anything by it, relax," Ann said. "Although you could make it up to me
by choosing a color."

"Blush is more subtle, hot pink is sexier," Nanako answered. "But really, do you think-"

"Are you still in your head about Niijima?"

"Yeah."

"Let it go," Ann insisted.

Nanako had told Ann everything - about the confrontation in the student council room, about
her behavior, about Ren's reaction. She even told her what Haru had said.



"Okumura-senpai has it right. Some people just don't click. And it wasn't like you were acting
like a bitch just to be a bitch, you were trying to protect us."

"Yeah but Ren-"

"Ren did something crazy and it paid off. He does that a lot, you know."

"True."

Ann's hands, one with blush and one with hot pink thumbs, closed over Nanako's.

"I feel like...there's something you're not telling me, though."

"Why's that?"

"You just seem tired. Frazzled. Are you sleeping okay?"

Nanako thought about that. Between going to Margaret's dungeon, her brother's
memodreams, and now being yanked up to talk to Kotone the Mystery Moon Goddess, sleep
wasn't as restful as it once was.

"Yeah, I'm doing fine. Though...something is keeping me up at night a little."

"What's that?"

"What happened with you and Shiho?"

Ann frowned, retracting her hands quickly. Nanako smirked.

"Come on, tell me! You haven't said a word about it."

"Nothing! We just slept together!"

"Ann!"

"No! No no no no, not like that! Not yet!"

"Yet?!"

Ann's cheeks were as red as Carmen's flames. She covered them with her hands, then slowly
slid off her seat and underneath the table.

"I gotta go. It's unbearable in here."

"You're not 'going' anywhere, you're under the table."

"It's my table, so I can go under here if I want. Wait, you're the one in my apartment, you
leave!"

"I'm not done studying and the food hasn't gotten here yet, so no way, get back up here and
tell me all the details!"



"No."

"Fine, I'm coming down there."

Nanako slid off her chair and under the table. Ann looked annoyed at first, but then she
cracked a smile. Nanako started to laugh, which caught on to Ann. Pretty soon they were
both laughing.

"We're hiding under the table like little kids," Ann said between laughs.

"I never really did this as a kid, we had Japanese style tables. Actually, my dad still does..."

"I used to pretend it was an ice fort. My mom used to keep these long white tablecloths that
draped almost all the way to the floor. I said they were snow walls and only the snow
princess could go through them."

"You're way more imaginative than me," Nanako said.

"I'm not really like that any more...I wonder why."

"Growing up can really kill the magic, huh?"

"Yeah."

They sat under the table for a minute.

"I'm sorry I get so weird talking about Shiho. It's just the feelings are very intense, and I'm
still a little scared of...everything. I'm scared of her rejecting me. I'm scared of her accepting
me and continuing our friendship. I'm scared of her saying she has feelings for me back. And
then I start thinkin about all the things I don't know. What if we became a couple and we
wanted to do...you know. That. I barely understand how to have straight sex, I don't know the
first thing about...you know. And then if we became a long term couple, what would that look
like? Would we stay in Japan? Could she leave Japan? What does she even want to do with
her life?"

Nanako nodded, but the words were a little shocking. Leave Japan. In all of her dreams and
thoughts, Nanako never thought about leaving Japan. Go on a vacation or a study-abroad
program, sure, but to leave for good?

Of course, that's how Ann grew up. She lived in a lot of different countries, so of course she
would have a more flexible view on it...not to mention the fact that it might be better for her.
She already got enough trouble for being a "hafu" - someone not fully Japanese. It was what
made her desirable as a model, but there were parts of society that would never fully accept
her.

And then to be gay on top of that?

Maybe she would be happier somewhere else.



"You don't have to talk about it if you don't want to. I just want you to be happy," Nanako
said. "And I'm sorry I pushed. I didn't know you had all that going on in your head. Maybe
you're more imaginative than you thought."

Ann cracked a smile. "Yeah, maybe. Or maybe I'm just making excuses to not move
forward."

Ann's intercom chimed.

"Saved by the doorbell," she said. She scooted herself out from under the table to go let the
food delivery guy into the building. Nanako got out from the table too.

"Well, there's no way I can study now. Wanna watch Terrace House while we eat?"

"Sure, nothing helps me feel better about my life choices than watching other people struggle
with theirs."

Nanako packed up her study materials, glad to have a best friend she was always getting
closer to.

Chapter End Notes

I watched like half a season of Terrace House and found it kind of interesting in a sort of
dull way. I keep forgetting to go back to it.



Chapter 289: 6/18 - After School
Chapter Summary

A strange part-time job.

Kawakami-sensei let out a loud yawn.

"And that's why when you-"

The chimes sounded. Everyone let out a sigh of relief - Kawakami's being the loudest.

"Thank God. Class dismissed," she said with another yawn. Nanako quickly organized her
books and materials into her bag and scooped up the Compendium. Ren turned around.

"Let's meet up with Niijima," he said. "She's waiting for us at the front of the school."

"Why? She have something?" Nanako asked in a low voice.

"She didn't say."

Nanako frowned. "She only texted you?"

"Me and Ryuji."

"Weird choice," she observed. Ren shrugged.

"I'm asking you to come with me. You okay with that?"

"Yeah, sure," Nanako said. And she was. I mean, yes, her stomach was getting all twisty, but
it was better to face the challenge head on. Everyone kept telling her to get out of her head
about it - maybe some action was what was needed. Just to be around Niijima and prove to
herself that she could be courteous.

They turned down the stairs and over to the shoe lockers, where they swapped their shoes,
and then out onto the front of the school. Niijima was alone, standing near the sidewalk.

"Where's Ryuji?" Nanako asked.

"I'm sure he'll be along," Ren said. "What's up, Niijima-san?"

"Oh," she said, looking worried. "I'm sorry if I gave you the impression that I had some vital
news. We simply hadn't met in a while and I was wondering if we should discuss our next
steps."



"Probably not a bad idea," Ren said. "But, next time, you should text the whole group. It's
usually how we do it."

"I see, I apologize."

"Well, when Ryuji gets here, I'll text Ann and see if she's still here and then we can grab
Yusuke," Ren said.

There was the squeak of brakes and the idling of an engine. All three of them turned to look
at the car that had pulled up to the side of the school. The passenger door opened and out
stepped a man wearing a floral print shirt. His face looked a little swollen.

"Found you."

Nanako looked to Niijima. She tensed up, looking caught between trying to take up a fighting
stance and recoiling away. Ren took a step forward.

"Who are you?"

"Who I am ain't important. And lucky for you and your little bitches here, the boss said he
wants you unhurt. Get in the car."

"No way," Nanako said. "And if you think you're going to be able to force three students into
a vehicle in front a school, you're dumber than you look."

"I'll go," Niijima said.

"No, not happening," Nanako said.

"These two have nothing to do with anything," Niijima said. "Leave them alone. I'll go talk to
your boss."

The yakuza stereotype opened the door and motioned Niijima in, bowing like a chauffer. She
got in without another word.

And Ren followed behind.

"Damnit," Nanako breathed, and slipped in behind him.

The car smelled like bad cologne, alcohol, and vape cartridges. Nanako tried to roll down the
window, but the controls were locked.

"What are you doing?" Niijima whispered.

"We're not letting you go alone," Ren said.

Nanako slipped out her phone and opened a new text message.

TO: NAOTO SHIROGANE

HELP



But she didn't send it. This would be a last resort in case things got messy. She initially
thought to send it to her big bro, but honestly he'd probably just contact Naoto and Chie
anyway. Time was important when finding a missing person, and Naoto would be the fastest
in tracking them down. Nanako then locked her phone and slipped it into the cover of the
Compendium.

The drive wasn't very long. They ended up at the back door of a nightclub, which was not yet
open. The yakuza stereotype got out of the car, as well as the driver. There were two more
guys guarding the back door. One opened the door while the rest of them kept a perimeter
around the three of them.

If the car stunk, the club absolutely reeked of a lowlife existence. It was a similar mixture of
alcohol, cigarette smoke, and bad perfumes and colognes, but on top of that all was a bitter
antiseptic smell from whatever cheap cleaner they used during the day. Nobody seemed
particularly put off by it, though.

Especially the people on the couch.

One was a man, slightly overweight, lounging. He was otherwise unremarkable, other than
the clothes that were clearly expensive and the sense that his eyes were constantly searching
the room, taking in every detail. He might also be a character from a bad yakuza movie,
except for the fact that he was far too alert. Nanako's Dojima Instinct told her to be careful,
that he was a lot smarter than his appearance might suggest.

Lounged next to him was a woman. She was pretty, but disinterested in everything going on
around them. She was on her phone, scrolling mindlessly while the left sleeve of her wide-cut
blouse slid down her shoulder. She had a very generous cleavage and pouty lips.

To complete the stereotypes, there was a briefcase of money on the table.

"Makoto Niijima," the man on the couch said. "I know that Student Council Presidents are
known to be over-achievers, but you might be taking it to a new level."

"Junya Kaneshiro," she said in reply. Kaneshiro's eyes flickered a hint of surprise, but only
for a heartbeat.

"You've done your homework. Either that or Lieutenant Sanada is more loose with his
information than he should be."

"What is it you want?" Nanako demanded. Kaneshiro regarded her for a moment.

"Who are these two?"

"They jumped in the car after her, boss," the yakuza stereotype replied.

"Ah, your associates. Well it doesn't matter to me who hears this. It'll actually make things
move a little smoother. Please, have a seat."

At the words, Kaneshiro's thugs brought forward three chairs to sit across from Kaneshiro.
They sat: Niijima on the right, Ren in the center, Nanako on the left.



"So...what is it you want?" Niijima asked, echoing Nanako's question.

"My subordinates are idiots. They were easily tricked and I've had to spend the last week
cleaning it up. But even though his execution was miserable, his idea wasn't bad. You,
Student Council President, working as my inside operative."

"So it's all true then," Niijima said, anger rising in her voice. "You do use students as your
mules, and then when they're caught, you extort them for even more money."

"Of course it's true. I don't even try that hard to hide it. Yes, there are aspects of my operation
that would be inconvenient if it were in a more public light, but the forces that matter either
turn a blind eye to it or profit from the situation."

"Who could turn a blind eye to exploiting students?" Nanako snapped, unable to control her
own anger.

"You'd be surprised. Nobody is forcing anyone to do anything. These students come to us of
their own free will, looking for easy money. And when they fail, we come to collect from
them. For some, this is a just punishment for foolish youth who gave into greed. After all, a
good student of high moral character would never trust a man who looked like that."

Kaneshiro pointed at his own subordinate, who huffed in the corner. Kaneshiro grinned the
cruelest of grins.

"But they would trust the student council president," Ren said. Kaneshiro nodded
appreciatively.

"Now you're a young man of vision. Young students looking for quick cash, punished when
they don't meet expectations, caught up in worlds that they should have stayed far away from.
And if these students were to be found out by the police? Well, they're students. They make
mistakes. Some will be prosecuted, others let go, it doesn't matter. The police will feel like
they're making a difference. And in the off-chance someone gets a little too curious...well, I
have people in place for that."

People like Akihiro and Chie, Nanako thought.

"You've thought of everything," Niijima said with disdain.

"Most everything. I'm very thorough. So now we're at a crossroads. You're heading off to
university at the end of this year, and to be honest, by then, I will have squeezed all I can out
of Shujin and its students. So let's make a deal. You siphon off students to work for me -
impressionable students who will follow their wise and by-the-book senpai. In exchange, I
will give you and your two friends here a very handsome payout. And as a bonus, your cop
friends can keep their jobs."

"Never," Niijima said, her reddish-brown eyes locked in absolute resolve. Kaneshiro tutted,
shaking his head slowly.



"I know that the sister of the thorn in my side is going to have some annoyingly resilient
moral imperatives, but please take a moment to consider this carefully. If you agree, you'll
come out of it richer. I'm sure university life will cost some money, and wouldn't you like to
be in a better financial position as you approach adulthood? Furthermore, it guarantees an end
to my influence. Once you're gone, I am too. Nobody will know. It will be like a very strange
part-time job that you once had, of no consequence to anyone."

"No consequence to anyone except for the students who are hurt by your extortion," Niijima
shot back.

"That would be their fault for failing. If you're that concerned about it, you could always lend
them a hand, offer some pointers. Isn't that your job as Student Council President?"

"You'd turn me into a mini crime boss? You're sick."

"And you're short-sighted. You'd be quite good at it. The skill sets are the same, Miss
Niijima. But let's say that your sense of righteousness is too strong for your sense of survival.
What happens then?"

Nanako had expected Kaneshiro to continue on, but he let the question hang in the air.
Nanako worked it out pretty quickly - he didn't need Niijima's cooperation. He could
continue to operate as he did, and if Niijima tried to stop him, he'd crush her. He already had
Chie and Akihiro against the ropes, and apparently he knew Niijima's sister as well.

So why bother recruiting her?

Looking for a protege?

Or was it simply more convenient to have someone working on the inside?

Nanako glanced over to Niijima, who had her eyes cast down to the floor in resignation. She
had worked out the same thing Nanako had. Nanako looked at Ren.

He was calm, passive, hiding behind his curly hair and his glasses.

He turned his head slightly towards Niijima.

"You know what you have to do," he said.

Niijima nodded.

"I'll need time to set things up," she said in a quiet voice. Kaneshiro smiled.

"You have three weeks. More than enough time for an over-achiever like you, right Kaichou?
Give me your phone."

A goon stepped forward to take it from her, but Niijima yanked it away from him. Instead she
stood up and handed it to him. Kaneshiro typed something into the phone, then nodded.

"We'll be in touch."



"Baby, I'm booooored~..." the woman next to him said, finally looking up from her phone.

"Still busy here," he grumbled. He reached into the stack of cash and handed her a pile. "Why
don't you go shopping?"

"Oh! Thank you, baby~! I'll see you later!"

She bounced off, completely oblivious to the scene in front of her. Or maybe willfully
ignorant. Kaneshiro grabbed two more stacks of cash and tossed them to Niijima.

"Here, in case you need to grease the wheels a little. But that's a loan. I expect it paid back."

"Right," Niijima said.

"Now go."

The three rose. Niijima stuck the money into her bag, and she led them out of the nightclub.
The door shut behind them and they stood in the alley. The sun seemed brighter and the air
fresher after having been in the dingy dark club. Nanako took a long breath, as if to purify
herself from it all.

Ren took out his phone.

"We need to meet up."



Chapter 290: 6/18 - After School
Chapter Summary

Nanako doesn't match up.

"I'm here, I'm here, I'm here!" Ann called out over the rustling of plastic bags.

The Phantom Thieves were on the accessway. Ann had two bags in each hand, each bloated
to the brim.

"The hell is all that?" Ryuji asked.

"I was at the convenience store when I got the message and it said it was an emergency and I
kinda panicked and bought snacks."

"Snacks!? What makes you think snacks are going to help at a time like this?" Ryuji said,
hands in the air, voice strained with exasperation.

"I would like a snack," Yusuke said, hands outstretched, head bowed humbly.

"Me too!" Nanako chimed in.

The teens, and one not-cat, tore the bags open and divided the food within. Even Niijima tore
open the corner of a bag of wasabi peas and was eating them daintily to one side.

Nanako, Ren, Niijima, and Morgana took turns explaining what happened. The other
members of the team took it in, carefully considering the words.

...mostly.

"You have to go spicy, then sweet, then salty," Ryuji said, pointing between three snacks he
had open. Ann frowned.

"No way, salty then sweet, the salt enhances the sweetness, then the spice burns it all away so
you can start over."

"Guys!" Nanako said.

"Sorry," the blondes said in unison.

The story concluded. The mood was glummer than before.

"This is serious stuff," Ann said.



"Yeah. The perfect kind of pompous asshole for us to takedown," Ryuji said, excited.

"I'm relieved that you're okay," Yusuke added. "It could have gotten dangerous."

"That's true. But this was also useful for us," Ren said. "Our previous two targets were people
we had knowledge about. It was easier for us to draw conclusions between their keywords
and their distortions. Until now, he's been a mystery. Now, we've met him. We've talked to
him. We've seen how he operates."

There was a long silence, filled by the bustle of the station around them. Nanako looked
around at her friends and realized they were all staring at her.

"W-what are you guys looking at me for?"

"You're the one who understands people," Ryuji said. "You got all that empathy and shit. If
anyone can figure it out, it's you."

The Phantom Thieves stared intently. Nanako shut her eyes to concentrate. She was right, she
did have all that empathy and shit. But nothing was coming to mind. She hoped that her
subconscious or her Dojima Sense or the power of the Fool or whatever would somehow
tumble all the information into place and give her something - anything. Even a glimmer of a
thread that she could pull on.

"I...can't think of anything."

Everyone shrugged it off, but Nanako could still feel their disappointment in the air.

"Might I offer a suggestion?" Niijima asked meekly.

"Go ahead," Ren said.

"When I was a kid, my dad would sit with me and watch all sorts of yakuza films with me."

"That's, um...cute?" Ann said.

"He was a detective," Niijima clarified. "He used to talk to me about the differences between
the movies and the real criminals."

Nanako felt like she was living in a strange parallel dimension. This was the exact same thing
she had thought about - she'd had those same conversations while watching TV with her dad.

"Anyway, obviously a lot of stuff is made more glamorous or flashy for films. But he did say
that the most dangerous criminals are the quiet ones, the ones that have no desire to be well-
known or legendary."

Nanako was positive she'd thought this all before...

"Which means what in terms of the keywords?" Yusuke asked.



"It means that we have to think of this as cold calculation. Whatever it is won't have anything
to do with his passions or his personality. It will be logical and systemic."

Ren took out his phone.

"Junya Kaneshiro."

Candidate found. Enter keywords.

He looked around the circle.

"Uh. System?"

"System isn't a keyword," Ann griped at Ryuji.

"Army?" Nanako suggested.

"Architectural firm," Yusuke said.

"Grocery store," Morgana suggested.

Nothing matched.

"Bank," Niijima said.

Keyword match. Input location.

"How did you...?" Nanako asked.

"It's systemic, but it's also based on greed and wealth and money, which Kaneshiro obviously
cares about. And think about how he operates - loans, contracts, interest...it has to be a bank,"
she said.

"Good one," Ren said, nodding approvingly. Nanako glowered.

"Well the location has to be his nightclub," Nanako said, matter-of-factly.

No location found.

Nanako felt her stomach drop and her cheeks burning red with embarrassment.

"Shujin?" Ryuji suggested.

"Central street?"

"It's bigger than that," Niijima said, swiping Ren's phone from his hand. She took several
steps forward towards the window and gazed out over the bustling square.

"It's...all of Shibuya."

Match found. Beginning navigation.






Chapter 291: 6/18 - The Bank of Greed
Chapter Summary

Making it rain in Shibuya.

It was Shibuya.

But it wasn't.

The world was dark and oppressive, the sky was tinted green. For a moment, Nanako felt her
heart skip a beat. Was she in the green moon world that Kotone had drawn her into?

But it wasn't. The green tint was the color of money.

Like all the cash floating in the air.

Skull hopped up and grabbed a wayward bill.

"Damn, too bad we can't take this back to the real world..."

"This is incredible...it's different than Mementos," Niijima said. Nanako spun around to look
at her.

"You've been to Mementos?"

"Hm? Oh, yes, um, Ryu-...Skull, took me. The other day."

"He what?" Nanako spun around to glare at Skull. Skull was still jumping up and snatching
bills out of the air.

"Well, looks like that idiot did something useful for once. Better than having you stand here
in shock-"

Mona's sentence was cut off as he leapt high into the air to avoid a sudden and violent strike
from Niijima.

"Monster cat!" she yelled, taking a battle pose, her fists raised. Joker's red gloved hand closed
over one of the fists.

"That's just Mona. The cat."

"The...cat? The cat talks!?"

"I'm not a cat," Mona said in his usual irritation.



"He's our teammate," Panther cut in.

"Lady Ann..."

"We should focus on our objective," Fox said. "This level of distortion...it was not like this in
Madarame's palace, was it?"

"You're right," Panther said. "Kamoshida's, too. The school and the shack were both
transformed, but the rest of the city wasn't. This time, all of Shibuya is twisted around..."

"It must be a reflection of his power," Joker said. "He has influence in many areas of
Shibuya, so his distortion reflects that...but he still has to have a main palace, right?"

"Yes, that's right," Mona said. He took several long sniffs in the air. "But I don't smell the
treasure yet...we're not close enough."

"We should split up, cover more ground," Joker said. "If you find it, do not enter on your
own. We'll meet back here in twenty minutes."

"Are you sure splitting up is a good idea?" Nanako asked.

"I don't want to attract his attention in a big group and get ambushed. Better to keep the teams
thin. Fox and I will take Niijima. Mona and Panther, Angel and Skull."

The teams broke off, heading through the accessway and down to the main street. Nanako
grumbled and opened up her duffle bag to pull out the leather bracers and strapped them on.

"That's your disguise?" Skull asked.

"I didn't know we were going in today...plus, the rest of it isn't ready yet." Nanako gave a
strong pull on the threads to tighten them together, just as Rise showed her. "...also, I'm mad
at you!"

"Me? Why?"

"You took Niijima into Mementos? Why?"

"She asked how it all worked. Figured it'd be easier to show her. I mean she was already on
the team and all."

"She's not on the team," Nanako objected.

"Well she is for this one. What's with you and her anyway?"

"What do you mean?"

"You just don't seem to want her around. It's pretty obvious."

"I..." she frowned at him, looking for words to use to strike him. Skull just crossed his arms
and slouched, as usual. And for some reason, that smothered all the anger out of her.



"I don't know," she said with a sigh. "I've been trying to figure it out, but I can't. She
just...bugs me."

"She kinda bugs me too. I mean, she is the student council president, the queen of all rule
following and rule enforcing. But do ya trust her?"

"Of course not, I hardly know her."

"Okay, fine, but do you trust her enough to not turn us in after we help her stop this guy?"

"I...I don't know. I mean...when it's all over, and she has time to think about it..."

"Joker doesn't seem worried."

"Yeah, but I don't know why not."

"You haven't asked him?"

"We haven't talked much the last couple of days."

"Sounds like you should fix that. And sorry for taking Makoto into Mementos. I shoulda let
us decide that as a team. But...deep down she's not that different from the rest of us. I trust
her not to rat on us when it's all over."

"And I trust you. So I guess that'll have to do for now."

There was a loud crash and the sound of glass and plastic cracking. The two of them dropped
into a fighting position, scanning the area. But nothing came.

"Sounded like it came from around the corner," Nanako said. The pair of them rushed to the
corner, Skull covering while Nanako peered around, pistol drawn.

"It's an ATM with legs," Nanako said.

She kept the gun trained on the fallen figure, but it wasn't moving anymore. Only a few
scattered sparks flashed from the exposed wiring.

"Is it a Shadow?"

"I don't think so. I think it's a cognition of how he sees people in Shibuya...ATMs. Something
that money can be withdrawn from," Nanako said, holstering her gun and standing back up.
The two of them walked over to the fallen figure.

Skull gave it a kick.

"Yep, dead."

"Hey, be respectful."

"Respectful to a dead cognition?"



"I...hm, I guess that's true. But is this how Kaneshiro really sees people? Draw money out of
them until they're dead?"

"I mean, you saw the shitty deal he put on you guys. Sounds good, but we know it ain't."

Nanako slipped out her phone and checked the time.

"We need to head back to the rendezvous point...and we need to not forget the radios next
time."

"And the rest of your costume."

"Shut up."

--

"Did you find it? We looked everywhere and saw neither hide nor bear of a palace," Panther
said.

"Indeed. It was right in front of us the whole time. Or perhaps more aptly, right above us."

Fox pointed. Everyone turned.

"What the hell..." Skull muttered.

"A giant money roomba?" Nanako said.

"How are we going to get up there?" Mona asked.

"Can't you turn into a helicopter or something?" Skull asked.

"No! I told you, bus only. Cat-busses somehow are acceptable in the cognition of the world,
but not cat-copters."

"We'll find a way," Joker said. "But not today. We need to plan this out."

"I agree. It would be prudent to retreat for now," Niijima said.

"Would it? You're an expert in our operations now?" Nanako snapped. Niijima looked
shocked, confused, and a little hurt.

"She's not wrong," Mona said. "You have a pretty good tactical mind, Makoto. Too bad you
don't have a Persona, we could use someone like you around."

Nanako glowered as they reverted back to the real world.



Chapter 292: 6/18 - Evening
Chapter Summary

Next surprise.

"What sport is *heikin-dai*?" the gameshow host on the TV asked. 

"Balance beam!" Nanako screamed, pushing down her big bro by the shoulder and shoving
him into the couch. 

"It's not balance beam, come on, it's obviously javelin throwing," Yu said, shoving her back.
The second contestant on the show, a middle-aged mom-looking woman, hit her button and
there was a soft chime as her podium lit up. 

"Javelin throwing!" she said with tremendous confidence. The gameshow host winced.

"Oh, I'm so sorry, the answer is balance beam." 

"Ha, in your faaaaaaace!" Nanako said, shoving a pillow into his face. 

"Damnit. I feel like I learned that in school too..." he said, grumbling beneath the pillow. He
grabbed it, yanked it free, then whacked Nanako on the back with it. 

"Will you two keep it down," Rise said, leaning her head out of the office. "I'm on the
phone." 

"Sorry," they said in unison. Nanako went to put the pillow back when she heard a knock on
the door. 

"Huh, that's weird. Wonder who that is," Yu said. 

"I'll get it," Nanako said. She walked over and opened the door without looking through the
peephole.

"Eep!" 

She almost slammed the door shut, but managed to keep her cool and catch it before it did. 

"Something wrong?" Yu called over from the couch. 

"No! Just...Ann. Dropping by. I'll be right back." 

Nanako slipped out the front door and into the hallway, keeping the door barely cracked, her
hand gripping the doorknob.



"What are you doing here?!?" she whispered.

"I wanted to talk to you," Ren said. 

"Yeah, well, there's this thing that was invented called the phone! How did you even get past
the front doorman?" 

"I slipped behind someone else. It wasn't that hard." 

"Okay, but, like, you could've warned me!" 

"Why?" 

"B-because you're here! Where I live! I'm...not ready for this!" 

"Oh." 

He shrunk in the hallway, into the vanishing Ren who walked through school He
was...hiding. Embarrassed. 

"I didn't realize..." 

"It's...fine...what do you want?" 

"Can I come in?" 

"No! My big bro is in there!" 

"Is that a problem?" 

"Maybe! I don't know, this is why you have to call before you show up places!" 

"Sorry." 

"It's fine. Just...be quick. He's not gonna let me stand out here forever." 

He adjusted his glasses and took a step closer to her. For the first time in a while, the rush of
emotions burst out of her heart and washed all the way through her, from head to toe. 

"What's going on with Niijima?" 

"I don't know," Nanako said, honestly. "I...don't have any answers." 

He nodded. "Okay." 

"Okay? That's it, just...okay? First you shame me by using my own empathy-" 

"I didn't mean to shame you," he said, cutting her off. "That wasn't why I said that. What I
was trying to say is...your example made me a better person. You make me a better person." 

"And yet I'm being a total bitch to her for no reason at all." 



"Your codename might be Angel, but you're not. You don't have to like her. Or trust her.
But..." 

"But?" 

"But I need your head clear while we're in there. It's dangerous, you know it just as well as I
do. And if you're going to snap at her or second guess everything we do, I'm going to have to
sideline you." 

"What? Why?" 

"Because I can't let anything happen to you. If you...I couldn't..." 

"Don't treat me different than anyone else on the team," Nanako demanded. 

"I'm not. If this were Ryuuji, I'd be saying the same thing." 

Nanako wasn't sure if she was pleased or pissed at that answer and all that it implied. She
balled her free hand into a fist and bounced it off her thigh. 

"I'll get my head straight. I promise." 

"Nanako?" Yu called from inside.

"I gotta go. Call next time." 

She didn't let him answer. She just slipped back inside and shut the door. 



Chapter 293: 6/19 - Afternoon
Chapter Summary

Une conversation avec un chat.

The bell rang for the mid-day release. As Nanako followed Ren out of the class door and
towards the courtyard, she noticed something off.

"Where's Morgana?" she asked as she caught up to walk beside him. Ren shrugged.

"He said he had something to do...kinda weird though."

"Yeah, strange of him to run off like that."

"No, I meant, it's weird holding this bag without him," he said, bouncing his book bag up and
down on his shoulder a few times. "It's so light."

Nanako rolled her eyes. Ann joined in behind them and Ryuuji met them on the stairs. The
team strolled right into the courtyard.

"What the..." Nanako whispered.

Niijima was sitting in the courtyard with a notebook while Morgana sat on the bench beside
her.

"Ah, I see," Niijima was saying as they approached. "So by changing their perception of
reality in the real world, the internal construction of the Metaverse changed as a result. It's
something that can be manipulated to our advantage, but also something we have to be
careful of, because we could actually make the palaces worse."

"Exactly!" Morgana said as he licked at his paw. "You're picking up on this stuff real quick.
The only one who's picked up this fast so far is our fearless leader."

"Have you been talking to Morgana all morning?"

"Yes...it was strange to speak to a cat at first. The only thing stranger is that somehow I've
gotten used to it."

"What are you trying to learn?" Nanako said. She hadn't meant it accusingly, but the edge in
her voice was a little harsher than it should've been.

"Not here," Ren said. "Hideout."



In the past, Nanako would've worried about moving together in a large group. Part of her
wondered if she should still be worried about it. Yes, Niijima was the one who had been
investigating them at school, but was that the only person? Was Niijima feeding information
to one of her student council minions? Or was someone else investigating, someone that
Niijima didn't even know about?

It was all a moot point. Soon they were on the train to Shibuya. They returned to the
Accessway as usual. Yusuke was already there.

"I've been thinking about what we saw yesterday in the Metaverse," Niijima began. "The
representation of the money vacuum makes sense from what we know of him. He's sucking
up wealth from Shibuya. But he also believes himself above them, higher than them. That's
why it's above the city."

"How does that help us get to him?" Yusuke asked.

"Well, according to Morgana, things must operate in the Metaverse according to rules. Some
of the rules are based on static factors of the Metaverse itself, others are based on the palace
ruler's cognition. If Kaneshiro is keeping himself above the rest and locked away, there still
has to be a way to access him. Certain members of his crew, or individuals that owe him
something and have some influence."

"Like a customer?" Ryuuji asked.

"Exactly. I think we just need to get it to recognize me, and the path forward will be
revealed."

"Why you?" Nanako asked.

"Because of the situation. Kaneshiro offered me the deal, so I have to be part of his crew, at
least according to his subconscious."

"It's a sound plan," Yusuke said.

"I agree. Are we ready to try it today?" Ren asked the group. Nanako patted her duffle bag -
which was bulging even larger than usual.

"I'm ready to go."

"Take us in, Yusuke," Ren said. Yusuke opened up his app.

Beginning navigation.



Chapter 294: 6/19 - Bank of Gluttony
Chapter Summary

Nanako has a new outfit.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

"Okay, done," Nanako declared.

The team turned around.

"Oh, that's cool!" Panther said.

"I like it," Joker said.

"It's uh...kind of a cute punk vibe, I guess," Skull said.

"It looks rather accidental," Fox said. Panther glared.

"Fox! Be nice!"

Nanako looked down at her new disguise.

Sato had made Nanako's bracers based off of a niche manga he liked - 25th Century Bike-
chan. But Nanako didn't feel like that was an outfit she could pull off. She'd need Ann-like
curves and way more confidence to stick herself into a skin-tight yellow suit.

So she decided to raid Rise's closet instead. She found a cutesy-punk denim jacket with
bedazzled hearts on the back and spikes on the shoulders. Apparently it was a fancy jacket
Rise used in a song that she didn't sing anymore. It was a perfect fit, and it was dangerous-
looking while also being durable, which she had learned in Madarame's palace mattered. She
also took the matching spike-and-heart decorated Converse shoes out of Rise's closet.

After all, she wasn't going to wear the shoes without the jacket, was she?

To complete the outfit, Nanako had some black leggings, one of her Shujin red-and-gray
plaid skirts, and a white T-shirt with the words "BUBBLEGUM BITCH" written on the front.

To top it all off, she had goggles and a helmet.

Her original idea was to use a real biker helmet, to complete the inspiration from 25th
Century BIke-chan. But it turned out those helmets were really expensive and Nanako didn't
have the cash to spare. She tried to find one used, but that was a no-go too.



Fortunately, she did find one helmet.

Unfortunately, it was her big bro's helmet from when he apparently owned a moped.

It worked. Sorta. It just wasn't quite as badass as a true biker helmet would've been. But
Nanako had been a touch disappointed in the look, and it seemed that Fox was picking up on
that.

"I am not intending to be mean," Fox said. "However, one cannot simply ignore that the
helmet is perfectly middling. It's not drastically different enough to be a deliberate choice of
juxtapositional irony and not well enough in keeping with the theme to support the intent. It's
a lukewarm choice."

"Well, it's just to hide my identity from Kaneshiro's subconscious. I'm not trying to win any
fashion shows," Nanako said, trying not to sound too annoyed.

"Sharpen up everyone," Joker ordered, and the team fell into place. They pushed into the
streets of Metaverse Shibuya while cash floated lazily in the air.

"So, if the plan is to use your status to get into the bank," Mona said, "we still need a way to
get their attention. Any ideas to handle that?"

"Yes," Niijima said. She pointed at one of the walking ATMs. "You attack one of those."

"Attack it? But ain't it like, an innocent person that Kaneshiro is using to suck up all the
money?" Skill asked.

"It's just a cognition," Fox pointed out. "It won't actually hurt someone. But Kaneshiro's
security will be out in force to protect their source of income."

"Exactly," Niijima said. "But I suppose that's your call Re-...I mean, Joker."

"Let's do it. We need one person to smash it, one to protect Niijima, and the rest of us take
positions out of sight."

"I'll cover the prez," Skull said, stretching out his arms.

"Right. Fox, would you do the honors?"

"Certainly."

The team fell into position: Skull took Niijima back around a corner while the rest of the
Phantom Thieves hid on balconies, behind columns and dumpsters, and in the shadows
themselves. Fox strode out into the center of the street, drawing his long blade.

"It is with regret that I slay you," Fox said. "But it is a necessity."

The ATM started to blurt something out, but it was too slow. Fox's blade swept three times.
The ATM fell into three separate pieces, falling slowly apart in the center of the street.



"Above us," Mona whispered into the radio. Nanako glanced up.

The entire floating vacuum palace descended towards the the ground level, and a glimmering
ramp extended out of it. A team of shadows rushed down the ramp, all clad in bullet-proof
vests and helmets with bright white eyes that were too large and too bulbous. They only
wielded batons, but Nanako reached down for her gun holster all the same.

Just as they were about to come upon Fox, Niijima stepped into the street.

"Hold it there. This guy here is my subordinate," she said with all the confidence and
command of a student council president. "That citizen wasn't paying up, so we had to make
an example of him."

The shadows hesitate and glance at one another. Another figure pushes through the first
group - this one was a guard with a inflated muscles and wearing a bright yellow uniform. He
regarded Niijima and nodded.

"This is the new hire. Let's escort her back into the bank."

"I need my subordinates," she added.

"Fine, fine, bring them too."

The Phantom Thieves appeared and followed the guards and Niijima up the ramp and into the
bank. Nanako was amazed at the whole thing - unlike the gloomy atmosphere of the world
below, the bank had a shine to it. it wasn't quite as bright and gaudy as Madarame's museum.
It was classy, imposing, but efficient. No warmth in the decorations - they were only meant to
impress, to give off the sense of power. There were Yen symbols marked into practically
everything.

It was odd walking through the front door of the bank, but as Niijima stated, the cognition
was that Niijima worked for the organization. Of course she could go through the front door.
Nanako tried to track everything she could as they walked through - shadows, doors, security
systems. This place had the most organized security of any of the palaces so far.

Which made sense. It was a bank.

The guards led them through to the back, and then up to a set of double doors. The doors
were a shining mahogany wood, with a name plaque. The plaque was black with gold letters.

"Here's your office, ma'am," the yellow guard said. He snapped a salute, and he and the rest
of the shadows went skulking off in their awkward, hunched-over gait. Skull walked up to the
plaque and read it aloud.

"Makoto Niijima, Director of Youth Resources."

Niijima grasped the handle and gave it a twist. It opened. Inside was a very large office. The
walls were lined with bookshelves, the desk was massive. Niijima walked around it and sat in
the chair, which dwarfed her.



"You look like some sort of super-villain," Panther said. "Now all you need is a cat to stroke."

"Go on Mona, get up there," Skull said. Mona glowered.

"Take this seriously, Skull. This has been convenient so far, but it's not going to hold. There's
no way that Niijima is going to have direct access to Kaneshiro's treasure. We need to
establish our own infiltration route," Mona said.

"I was watching on the way in," Nanako said. "This place is locked up tight."

The Phantom Thieves looked to the back wall as the sounds of motors whirred in their ears.
Like a 1960s spy movie, the back wall slid away to reveal a TV monitor. The monitor blinked
on.

Kaneshiro's shadow appeared.

After encountering two shadows and their variations, Nanako figured that she'd be used to
seeing the not-quite-the-same versions of their target.

But Kaneshiro was purple.

Just...purple. Purple skinned with a thin mustache and an awkwardly smoothed down haircut
that reminded her of a little boy being dragged to a wedding. He wore a nice white suit and
was sitting behind an impressive desk. To either side of him were two shadows in the form of
heavily armored security guards, completely with bullet proof vests.

"Ah, Miss Niijima, welcome. I hope that everything is to your liking in your office?"

Niijima hesitated, glancing at Joker. He gave her a slight nod, and she turned to face the
screen.

"Yes, it's very nice, thank you. I should be able to do good work from here."

"I'm glad to hear you're so enthusiastic. The others with you...?"

"They're my first recruits," Niijima said quickly. "After all, the endeavor doesn't work
without more students to win over others, does it?"

"Quite true. You are an excellent candidate for this kind of work Niijima, you have enormous
potential. However, there is a lot you must still learn. You've chosen rather poorly for your
first recruits."

Nanako felt the tension in the room rise. She reached over to the Compendium and kept her
fingers on the clasp while she reached slowly down to her gun.

"I...think I have to disagree-"

"It's all right, it's a common mistake. You chose them because they are good at talking to
others and putting up a front, which is a needed skill. However, they've used it against you as



well. They intend to betray us as the first possible moment. Worry not, I have already
dispatched security to deal with them. I recommend you hide behind your desk."

The TV monitor switched off. Joker drew his blade and faced the office door.

"Get ready everyone!"

Chapter End Notes

Hey everyone,

Sorry for the massive delay. I had most of this written weeks ago, actually, but then I got
pretty badly injured (like, Emergency Room stuff.) And then just as I was recovering
from that, I got COVID.

I'm fine now, recovery from both steadily, and updates should be speeding back up soon.
Thank you for your patience in the meantime.



Chapter 295: 6/19 - Bank of Gluttony
Chapter Summary

Vroom.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

"We should-" Niijima started.

"You should get down behind the desk and stay there!" Nanako snapped back. She didn't
mean for it to come out so abrupt, but it was the truth - fighter or not, Shadows weren't
something to mess with. She already hand a card floating above her palm.

"Izanagi!"

Izanagi ran his blade through the door. Nanako could feel the Shadows on the other side she
had caught by surprise - three of them completely skewered and now melting.

"Fox, with me. Skull, cover me," Joker ordered. Skull pulled his shotgun and took an off-
angle while Fox put a hand on his sword. Izanagi swept backward to let Joker and Fox leap
forward, kicking the door down. Fox's blade struck three times, fast as a viper, towards his
left, cutting three shadows down. Joker ducked low right, then leap upward to tear the mask
off of the next shadow. It was only partially done transforming when he landed behind it and
drove his dagger through its neck.

"Go, go!" Skull yelled. Nanako, Mona, and Panther formed a protective triangle around
Niijima and rushed her into the hallway. Fox and Joker went ahead to engage the closest
shadows. The boys cut down the armored security and pushed through the back hallways and
towards the main lobby.

"Just stay close, Niijima!" Mona called. "We'll get you out of here- mreow! Persona!"

Mona back flipped out of the way of a huge bludgeon-like sword. As he did, Zorro appeared,
thrusting forward with his own thin blade to make a few rapid strikes at the lumbering
shadow, Sui-Ki.

"Damn, these guys are tough!" Skull yelled as he took up the rear, firing his shot gun over
and over again into an approaching Oni. The blasts of gunfire seemed to have little effect on
the demon. He spun his naginata-like weapon over his head and closed the distance on Skull
just as he was reaching up for his mask to summon Captain Kidd.

Skull took the blow, full-on.



"No, Skull!"

Panther spun around and ripped off her mask. Carmen appeared and immediately reached out
to grab Skull. Green light flowed out of her chest and into Skull, the Diarama spell quickly
knitting his bloodied body back together.

Anger burned in Nanako. The pages of the Compendium flipped open to a new page, an area
she hadn't used yet.

Aeon.

"Narcissus!" Nanako crushed the card, summoning the beautiful man draped in nature. "Old
One!"

The Persona seemed to wave at the Oni dismissively, casting the spell of enervation. Oni
suddenly fell to one knee, too tired ot continue carrying its own weight. It also stared down at
its hands, then up at the Phantom Thieves, forgetting what it was there to do.

"You want to put strength against Strength? I'm game!"

Narcissus flashed back into its card and then slipped back into the Compendium. Nanako
held her hand over the Compendium, the pages flowing underneath her palm.

"Oni!"

She summoned her own Oni, though hers was not enervated. Her Oni crashed its weapon into
the face of the other, sending him reeling back.

"Panther, follow it up!"

"Right! Dance, Carmen!"

Carmen released Skull and shuffled forward, spinning its fans to cast intense blasts of fire as
a follow-up attack.

"Ryuji, are you all right!?" Niijima said, sliding to her knees beside him.

"Hey...code names, remember? And yeah, I'll be fine," he said, picking himself up. "Damn,
that shit hurts though. Even after you get healed, there's still a pain echo...look out!"

Skull threw his arms around Niijima and dove to the side at the same time he pulled his
mask. Another Oni dove at them, but Captain Kidd met it head on, slashing bashing his ship
into him.

"Matador!"

The deathly Spanish warrior appeared behind the Oni and thrust his sword through his back,
piercing his chest. The blade was coated in dark red curse energy, and against all odds,
caused the Oni to die instantly.



Joker snapped his fingers and the Matador returned to his mask.

"Fox just made us a hole, let's take it."

The Thieves and Niijima rushed around the corner, following Joker's lead into the main
lobby. Panther hurled huge columns of flame into the hallway behind them, hoping to light
the place up and slow down any pursuing shadows.

Then, they all skid to a halt.

"I'm afraid your hole has just closed."

"Bastard...!" Skull said, gripping his pipe tightly.

Nanako didn't remember pulling her gun, but it was out all the same, pointed at the lumpy
purple blob in the expensive pinstripe suit.

Kaneshiro was there.

Beside him were three shadows - two Oni and a Sui-Ki. The Sui-Ki had Fox by the throat,
holding him several feet in the air. Fox gripped at the fingers, trying to pull them apart, but
Sui-Ki's grip was obviously too strong.

His katana lay on the ground.

"Put him down!" Nanako ordered.

"And you are?"

"Your worst nightmare if you don't put him down."

"I'm sorry, but I'm not interested in talking to lowly subordinates like you. My only interest is
in your boss....Miss Niijima, please have your employee step aside."

Niijima stepped out past Nanako.

"Tsk, tsk. You know, this is common for newbies. They hire their friends, or people they
think fit the mold of what media tells them their underlings should be. Rogues, misfits,
brutes, ruffians, delinquents. And those types do have their uses, Miss Niijima. But only if
you can control them, which you clearly cannot."

Niijima said nothing.

"But don't worry. I won't cast you aside so easily. People with your incredible potential need
to be nurtured and mentored. Stick with me, and you'll be in charge of Shibuya before you're
20. Then, beyond that? All of Japan, with you as my right hand."

Niijima said nothing.

"You and I are a lot alike, Miss Niijima. You're lucky to have a teacher like me-"



"That's enough you asshole!"

Kaneshiro recoiled, as if he had been slapped. Nanako was surprised too, turning to look at
her.

There was an iron mask on her face.

"I understand this now. All I need to do to bring peace and prosperity to the students of
Shujin...no, to all of the people in Shibuya, is get rid of you. You are the lynchpin of decay
and scum, and without you, it will all come crashing down."

Blood ran from the edges of her mask like tears.

"Yes, I hear you." Niijima said. "Come to me!"

With one immediate, powerful pull, she yanked off the mask and let out a horrifying scream.

The light was intense, but it was the sound that caught Nanako off-guard. The sound of a
motorcycle revving...but not quite. It was also crystalline. And alive. Melodic. And
threatening.

It was a sound like she'd never heard.

When Makoto reappeared, it was on the back of a bike with a metal face. She glowed with
intense blue-green light. She wore black leather armor with a long, ninja-like scarf.

"Holy shit," Skull muttered to Nanako. "It's like your outfit, but way hotter."

Makoto lunged forward with the bike, dropping to a skid. The back wheel struck the ankles
of the Sui-Ki. The wheel spun, the shadow cried out in pain and surprise, and dropped Fox.
Makoto put the bike upright and caught Fox on the back. She then gunned it forward, leaning
over once more to scoop up Fox's sword and tossed it back to him.

Then the bike vanished, her mask reappearing.

"Her Persona's a bike," Skull said. "That's the coolest shit I've ever seen."

Makoto rushed to Joker's side.

"Skull and Fox are battered. As much as I'd like to pound that purple asshole's face into
hamburger, I think we need to retreat."

"Right. Mona, get ready to give them a lift. Panther, cause a little chaos as Niijima gives us
our hole back," Joker ordered.

Nanako looked at Makoto as she summoned her Persona. She did look badass. Strong, sexy,
terrifying, in control.

Nanako felt like her disguise was childish in comparison.



Joker caught her eye, his gun drawn. She nodded, checked to make sure her weapon was
ready, and waited for the signal.

"Let's ride, Johanna!"

Makoto revved forward and into the center of the three powerful shadows. There was a
whining of power, then force and heat as she released a powerful nuclear blast in the center.

"Showtime!" Joker yelled.

Mona leapt into the air and transformed into his van form, the back door open. Skull and Fox
piled in, with Nanako helping to push them in. Joker kept his gun firing steadily, rushing into
the hole created by Makoto.

Nanako leapt into the driver's seat while Panther pounced onto the roof of the Mona-car.

"Marin Karin~!"

Carmen blew a kiss at each of the demons as Mona plowed through them at top speed.
Nanako wasn't sure how many of the charm spells landed, but it was at least once, because in
the chaos, Nanako could see the three bashing at each other with their weapons.

Another nuclear blast ripped a hole open where the front doors used to be.

Joker rode on the back of Makoto's bike as it dove over the edge of the flying bank.

"God damnit," Nanako said to herself as she gunned the Mona-mobile over the edge after
them. As she did, Panther swung herself into the passenger seat, her phone already in hand.

Returning to the real world.

Chapter End Notes

Oh my, I don't think I've ever gone this long without an update.

Firstly, thanks for all the kind words after my last update. Coming off of COVID and a
back injury was pretty rough, so it was nice to have the encouraging words.

The intervening weeks between my last update and now weren't exactly a cakewalk,
either. I think I've recovered from COVID entirely, but the long-term effects aren't fully
understood. The only thing I've noticed right now is that I seem to need more sleep than
I used to, though that might just be the stress of life and my job getting to me. I'm not
exactly sure. All I know is, there were many days in the last two weeks especially where
I had little energy left at the end of the day and just went straight to sleep.

But I have a little break right now, so I'm making the most of it. I think I'll be on a better
posting schedule again. This fanfic haunts me like all the time. There are SO MANY



AMAZING SCENES coming up, and I just need to get to them!

And thanks to everyone who has suggested I could just gloss over some o the "boring'
parts of Kaneshiro, etc. But I committed to this format, so I'll see it through properly.
I've learned a lot about myself as a creator and a writer with this.

Anyway, sorry for the delays and thank you all for your patience and support. And
welcome to all the new readers, too!



Chapter 296: 6/19 - Afternoon
Chapter Summary

Fallout and impressions.

"Here. One of everything," Ann said. She laid out all the canned drinks she bought on the
bench beside Niijima, who was still rubbing her temples.

"Thank you..." she glanced over the offerings, then selected the unsweetened black tea. The
group was gathered around Niijima, standing in a loose circle.

Their rapid escape from the Metaverse had meant that Nanako reappeared in her disguise -
and while it wasn't so outlandish that it would draw a ton of attention at the Shibuya station,
she did have to rush to the restroom to change. That left her standing beside Yusuke at the far
end of the loose circle. Next to Yusuke was Ren, the Morgana, Ann, then Ryuji closest to
Niijima on the bench.

"That was so sick," Ryuji said. "Your outfit, your Persona...totally badass."

"Thanks," Niijima said in a quiet voice, her cheeks turning a little rosy from embarrassment.

"This is the ideal result," Morgana said, his head raised proudly. "Makoto was going to have
to come with us to get access to the palace anyway. Now we don't have to worry about
protecting her."

"And she is a strong tactical asset," Ren said, adjusting his glasses. "We almost have two full
teams now."

"How are you feeling?" Ryuji asked. "I remember after my awakening I felt like I got hit by a
truck..."

"Me too," Ann added.

"I'm definitely the most exhausted I've been in a while...but it also feels good."

Niijima put a fist to her chest and shut her eyes.

"It's like...there was something building up inside of me. All the years of doing what
everyone told me, of being the perfect student and the perfect class president and the perfect
little sister...even when it meant having to swallow things I hated. Including injustices I saw. I
buried it inside me and I think it melted under the pressure. Like liquid hot magma. And
releasing it...I mean, I'm still pissed off, but I feel more at peace about it. I don't know if that
makes any sense..."



"It does," Ann said, sitting next to her. "I felt the same way. Still do."

Niijima laughed. "I still can't believe I'm joining the Phantom Thieves I was trying to
catch...but I guess it makes sense. In a way, what I was trying to do to Kaneshiro with
Lieutenant Sanada is just like what you guys do, right?"

"Just like we do," Ryuuji corrected.

"Speaking of Sanada," Nanako cut in, "we need to turn Kaneshiro's heart soon. He and Chie
are in danger. If not of losing their lives, then at least of losing their jobs."

"Yes. I'm sorry for putting them in-" Niijima started .

"You don't owe me an apology. You owe them one. And you owe them the best you can give
in stopping Kaneshiro."

"I will. I promise."

Niijima then winced and pressed her temples again.

"You should probably get home and rest," Ryuji said. "I can go with you."

"No, no, it's not a good idea. My sister wouldn't like it. I'll be fine on my own, I promise."

"Let's meet up again soon to discuss our next move," Morgana said.

Everyone agreed. Ren, Morgana, Niijima and Ryuji went to catch their trains while Ann said
she was going to do some grocery shopping before she went home. Nanako was about to
head down to the street when she felt a gentle touch on her shoulder.

"Nanako...may I trouble you a moment?"

"Oh, Yusuke. Hi. Uh, sure, what's going on?"

"I was wondering if you had any plans this evening. If not...perhaps you'd like to come with
me to this gallery showing of early impressionists. It's a small exhibit, but I thought with your
keen eye you might enjoy it."

In all honesty, it sounded like the last thing Nanako wanted to do. She liked impressionism,
but she still felt scrambled in her heart.

"Sure," she found herself saying. She wasn't sure why.

"Wonderful. Do you need to stop at home first, or should we go?"

"Oh, uh. I guess I'll just drop off the gear bag. Maybe change...I should look nicer than my
uniform."

"Very well. Shall we?"



Nanako blinked, confused. Oh. It seemed Yusuke was inviting himself along to go home with
her.

Well, she supposed there was no harm in it.

"Yeah, this way."



Chapter 297: 6/19 - Evening
Chapter Summary

Yusuke takes Nanako to the museum.

"This is quite an apartment!" Yusuke declared as they stepped across the threshold.

"It's my brother and his girlfriend's," Nanako explained. "They're not home otherwise I'd
introduce you. Please sit down, I'll only be a minute. Help yourself to anything in the fridge."

Yusuke followed Nanako through the kitchen and sat at the dining table while Nanako
continued down the hall and into her room. There she dumped down the duffle bag and
shoved it under her bed, as usual, then hid it behind a box of books. Her bed called over to
her, whispering promises of comfort and relaxation if she just flopped down onto it. But she
was so mentally burned out and physically tired that Nanako was afraid if she did, she'd fall
asleep.

The idea of Rise or Yu coming home to find Yusuke sitting patiently at the table was sort of
amusing, but not something she wanted to actually try out. Instead, Nanako removed her
uniform and selected a comfortable dress. It ended modestly at mid-thigh and had a slender
silhouette. It was a lovely pink color with a gentle yellow hibiscus pattern. She reset her twin-
tails, grabbed a light sweater, transferred her most needed items to a canvas purse, and went
back to the kitchen. All in all, it took about ten minutes.

When she got there, Yusuke was staring at refrigerator.

"So much...food..."

"Yusuke?"

He glanced over his shoulder. "Oh, my apologies. I got lost in the options."

"Really? I was just thinking I needed to go shopping."

"No matter, you are ready to go, so we should depart."

"You can take something to eat along the way, you know."

"No, no, I couldn't intrude."

Nanako sighed and looked in the refrigerator. There was a row of pre-packaged sandwiches
on one shelf. Yu bought these for days he knew he would be out and about. She selected an
egg sandwich and handed it to him.



"There, grab and go."

"Thank you, truly."

Nanako locked up the apartment and they went to the elevator. Yusuke already had the
sandwich open and was eating it in careful, slow bites, savoring every moment of it.

"Your dress is lovely, by the way. The silhouette is a good match for your figure," he
remarked, almost as an afterthought. Nanako felt herself blush.

"O-oh, thanks Yusuke."

"Your lip gloss is the wrong shade of pink, however."

"...thanks, Yusuke."

The sandwich was finished by the time they were at the station. As they rode the train,
Yusuke explained the importance of the impressionists exhibit they were going to see.

"The early impressionists were true trailblazers," Yusuke said. "Though we look back on it
now and see that they were not as avant-garde as say, Picasso's cubist period, they were
criticized and almost reviled by the art community at the time. Not only were they seeking
freedom with the style of their brushstrokes, they sought it out with the very location of their
work! Whenever you see an artist set up on the street or in the park, it was the valiant efforts
of the impressionists and en plein air."

"I always thought it was rather brave of artists to paint out in the open like that. It has to be
nerve-wracking to have people watch you create. I'd never play piano in public unless I was
absolutely sure I was going to nail it."

"Ah, but the fine arts are different than music. A painting or sculpture grows along with the
effort placed into it. It is known that a painting is imperfect in the first strokes. But a
musician...they refine themselves. Just as I would never show a painting in a gallery until it
was complete, so you would never perform until you were complete - as far as that one piece
of music was concerned, at least."

Nanako felt a twisting flutter in her heart at those words - as if something he said was
releasing a little bit of the tension and anxiety that she'd been carrying around the last few
weeks.

Refine themselves.

"You're good with words, you know that?" Nanako said.

"Really? That's odd, I've always found myself rather clumsy with them."

The train stopped and they disembarked. It was a short walk to the exhibition, which was
being held at the Ueno Art Museum. Huge banners were draped all around the street lamps
and the museum's flagpoles, advertising the exhibition.



"Wow, this must be a big deal."

"It is. These pieces rarely come to Japan. Come, to the ticket booth!"

They got in line to the ticket booth behind some other well-dressed people. There was an
electric sense in the air - a refined excitement of the upper class ready to gorge their souls on
art.

"Oh..." Yusuke gasped. Nanako looked up.

"What's wrong?"

"Hm...the ticket prices are a bit higher than I realized." He pulled out his wallet and started
shuffling through a thick stack of yen. "I suppose I can cover it if I skip some days..."

Nanako frowned. "What do you mean skip some days?"

"I have already foregone eating breakfast for the next two weeks," Yusuke explained. "But if
I forgo dinner for a few days, I should be able to cover it."

"That's all the money you have!?"

"Well, for the month, yes. It's a small stipend from the school, plus something from the
government, and then- ow, ow!"

Nanako yanked Yusuke out of the line by the arm and started marching back to the station.

"Yusuke, you can't starve yourself just to go to a museum exhibition!"

"B-but this is an important exhibit! These are rarely shown in Japan!"

"And you can look at them all you like on your phone," Nanako snapped.

"Nanako, I implore you-"

"No. Which way to Kosei High School?"

"Huh!?"

--

Nanako started doing the family shopping when she was 6. She was but a child, with the
weight of her father's mental and physical health on her shoulders.

...and she was still better at it than Yusuke.

"You can't afford this," Nanako said, swiping the expensive bottle of sesame oil out of his
hand. She set it back on the shelf, then ducked down to the bottom shelf. "The cheap stuff is
here, and in bulk. Buy this one, you won't need to buy another for ay ear."

She picked up a rectangular can of oil and plonked it into the basket.



"But that one doesn't have the subtle flavors of -"

"Subtle flavors don't mean anything if you don't have any food to eat it on," Nanako scolded.
"What are you going to do, drink it?"

"I...I suppose..."

"Rice, eggs, bulk items, reduced price items, last day sales. These are your five new gods.
When you sit down to a meal you need to be thinking itadaki-maybe-this-is-on-sale. You said
you get lunch at school, right?"

"Yes, they do provide a meal..."

"Good. Make sure you eat it. Don't spend your lunch periods painting and then having an
aching belly until evening."

Yusuke's eyes went wide. "H-how did you know..."

Nanako added a few more items, then suddenly paused.

"Wait, you have a refrigerator, don't you?"

"Yes. It's rather small," he said, making a box with his arms. It was no bigger than a mini
fridge. "And I typically don't leave it turned on...saves on power."

"I see. Well, then your sixth god is shopping every other day. And not just convenience store
stuff, you need to learn to make a few dishes."

"I can do a little cooking," Yusuke replied.

"Good. It's not a difficult skill, just like painting it just takes practice. I'm happy to teach you
a few things, but you can honestly learn a lot by following recipes online. Actually, I should
do a cooking class for both you and Ann..."

"I don't really have much to cook with," Yusuke said, looking a bit embarrassed. "Most of
those things were still in Madarame's attellier when the police seized it...not that there was
much there to begin with. "

Right. Nanako remembered - Madarame's shadow admitted to having another house, under
the name of his mistress. If he even cooked at all, it most likely would've been there. She
wondered if that place was seized too, but she doubted it.

"I think we have some extra utensils at my bro's house. And I know for a fact we have an
extra rice cooker."

"I couldn't," Yusuke said. "This is already too much..."

"It's not," Nanako said. "I mean, you're paying for the groceries. I'm just teaching you skills.
And what good is an extra rice cooker that's just sitting in the cupboard?"



"You're very motherly," Yusuke said.

"Kinda strange for a girl who grew up without a mom for a big part of her childhood, huh?"
Nanako said with a grin. "Guess I'm just matronly at heart. Though my current mom has been
a great example, too."

"I should thank her, if I ever get the chance."

Nanako laughed. "You, in Inaba. You'd either die of the lack of culture or spend the whole
time drawing the countryside."

They paid and bagged the groceries and walked back to the Kosei High School dormitories.

"There are three types of dormitories here," Yusuke explained. "The richer students have
ensuites. Then there are the multi-student dormitories, where up to four students share a small
apartment. And then there are those like me, who live alone."

He opened the front door.

It was small.

Really small.

Nanako set the groceries on the floor and Yusuke filled the fridge - after plugging it in - of
course. There was a small bathroom, a folded futon, and then nothing else but art supplies.
Canvases, easels, boxes of paint, sketches pinned up to a cork board.

It was the very definition of a starving artist's home.

In the center of the room was a massive canvas. Some of the initial lines had been painted,
along with some sections of bright red. Pinned next to the canvas was a sketch of the final
work. It depicted a powerful woman with twin-tails and large breasts tearing herself out of
the head of a bear. Her eyes were crazed, her grin vicious. It was a very powerful sketch, one
that left Nanako with a sense of power and just a touch of terror.

...the woman looked kind of familiar.

"Is that...?" Nanako asked.

"She was the inspiration. I call it 'Bearing Herself.'"

"Ah. It leaves an impression."

"I suppose," Yusuke said, clearly not particularly excited about the piece and its progress.

"Are you hungry? I'm starved."

"Yes, though I'm not sure how we're going to cook the food without the necessary utensils..."

"No, no, those are your groceries. I already ordered food. "



"You did? But you didn't know where I live-"

There was a knock on the door. Nanako walked over and opened it.

"Two orders of nikudon," she said, handing Nanako the bowls.

"Thanks, Aika."

Nanako paid and shut the door.

The sat on the floor and prepared to eat.

"This was not the intention of the evening," Yusuke said. "But it was still a pleasant time.
And an informative one. I thank you, Nanako. And...are you feeling better?"

"Huh? What do you mean?"

"I may not be as skilled at reading the human heart as you are, but I could tell that you've
been...off-center, lately. I was hoping that art might soothe the tumult inside of you. I suppose
I will have to be satisfied with being a suitable distraction."

Nanako smiled. She actually did feel better. Not that everything was resolved, because it
wasn't. But spending time with a friend and teaching him a new skill, diving her mind into
solving a problem, the issues seemed further away.

"I do feel better. Thank you, Yusuke."

They broke their chopsticks and ate.

--

SOCIAL LINK RANK UP

Fortune: Yusuke Kitagawa

Level 2



Chapter 298: ???????
Chapter Summary

???????????

Chapter Notes

??????????????????

See the end of the chapter for more notes

My name is Aika Nakamura. I'm 26 years old, and I work as a delivery driver, cook, and
manager at Aiya Restaurant in Yaso-Inaba, a small countryside down in Japan!

Living out in the countryside and working for a family-owned restaurant doesn't sound like a
particularly glamorous life for a young, single lady. And there are moments where it does feel
a little sleepy. I grew up in this town, got this job when I was in high school, and then when I
graduated I just shifted into working here full time.

But it's comfortable, too. I like it here. I know the people. I know the places. I know how to
turn the knobs on the stove burners just so. I know how to take all the turns in the city so I
don't fall off my vespa. I know how to get out of a ticket when I get pulled over for speeding.

I know where I fit in here.

Plus, I get to see a lot of things because of my delivery driving.

I mean, yeah, you'd think that when I'm just scooting around on a Vespa that I wouldn't get
very far. I mean the gas tank is barely enough to get me to Okina City.

Which is why I use shortcuts!

See, back when I was in high school, I used to have a hard time getting the deliveries done
right, even though we were only delivering to Inaba at the time. I didn't have a smartphone
yet, and I kept trying to go along the main streets and then I'd get lost and then the nikudon
would get cold and I wouldn't get a tip and I'd go back to Aiya and the old man would just
shake his head at me in disappointment and say "I guess we'll give you one more day Aika-
chan, but if you can't handle this..." and then I'd have to go scrub pans for the rest of my shift.

So obviously that wasn't going to work. I had to find a way to do my deliveries better, so after
work I would stay up super late studying the map. I heard about this thing called "The



Knowledge" in school where London cab drivers had to memorize like everything about the
city so they could work a cab in London and I figured I could do something like that and call
it like "Inaba Ins and Outs."

Anyway, I was up super late studying one night and then the TV came on! Which is weird
because the TV in my room was kinda broken at the time and I never used it because it could
only play on channel and it was a really boring channel that was like home shopping network
or something. Anyway, there was like a weird face in the TV and I went to go turn it off
when I actually went INTO the TV!

Whoah, whoah, don't go anywhere! I swear this is all true, hear me out!

Anyway, the inside of the TV was like, SUPER WEIRD. It was all foggy and stuff and there
was the city streets of Inaba - like it looked like it, but not quite. It was some kind of weird
bizarro-world version of Inaba, and I didn't really see anyone I knew in there and all the
shops were empty, though I think I saw Detective Adachi in there one time? I dunno, I can't
really remember, that was a long time ago.

Anyway, the point is, I found this weird version of Inaba inside my TV, and then I saw
MORE TVs that were INSIDE the TV, so I figured like, if you could jump in one TV then
you could maybe jump into the next TV too, right? So I found another TV in the TV and
jumped through. And guess what? I was back in the real world! You know, the not-weird
version of Inaba. Except I was in a totally different spot than I came in - all the way across
town!

This is when I realized I totally had a shortcut that I could use to get throughout the city and
absolutely crush my delivery times!

So I started experimenting and stuff. The weird thing is that the TVs didn't lead to where they
were in the real world - so I could find the TV at Aiya's and jump through in the other world
but I wouldn't end up at Aiya's, I would end up at Yasogami High.

So I made a new map of where all the TVs lead and eventually I figured out how to pop in
and out of them to get wherever I needed as fast as I could! It was great, except it took me a
few extra weeks to learn how to jump my vespa into a TV screen. If you angle it right, you
can get a vespa through a pretty small space. So then I was riding the vespa through this new
world.

I called the new world THE SHORTCUT REALM.

Pretty soon, I became Aiya's number 1 delivery driver! The old man was happy, customers
were happy, and I was raking in the tips hand over fist. And it was fun, too. I really liked
figuring out new ways through the Shortcut Realm, and the fact that I was the only one who
knew how to use it made my life feel really exciting and special. I even started challenging
myself, taking insane orders - like that time Satonaka ordered nikudon while he was running
away from Tatsumi. I mean, Tatsumi had JUST been on the news for beating the shit out of
some bikers and then Satonaka not only had the balls to piss him off but the neat nikudon on
the run? Girl has some guts.



Oh, but then the Shortcut Realm got weird. It used to be totally empty, but then a bunch of
creepy creatures started wandering around in there. I figured they were spirits or yokai or
something and as long as I didn't bother them they didn't really bother me. But then I guess
something must have been going on down in the Shortcut Realm because the yokai started
getting more aggressive and yelling about reaching to the truth and denying oneself and all
sorts of weird philosophy stuff.

"I'm just delivering dinner, guys!" I would shout.

And then one time I couldn't just ignore them because it attacked me and it wasn't just a
regular yokai it was some kind of face-stealing yokai that totally took my face and my body
and wore some ridiculous wedding dress and it looked totally like me except for the fact that
it had yellow eyes.

Yellow-eyed wedding yokai me would be all "La la la, I want to get married so badly," and
"you're so pathetic, pining for love you can never have" and "all you do is drive meat bowls
around - you're a side character, a joke, an NPC in a video game. You'll never be important
enough for anyone to love!'

And I told her that yeah, she was kinda right, that I did want to get married, that I wanted to
fall in love and be valued as a woman and a life companion and partner and that I did
sometimes worry that my only hobby in life was riding my vespa through the Shortcut Realm
to improve my delivery times and that wasn't exactly the type of thing you could go up to a
guy and tell and he'd be all impressed. Could you imagine that kind of guy? "Doo hoo, tell
me all about your deliveries, Aika-chan." "Blah blah, you're so sexy with your scuffed up
vespa, lets go make out in the Shortcut Realm."

And then yellow-eyed wedding yokai me got all teary eyed and hugged me and said that I
accepted my true self and I was all like "what do you mean by that" and then she was like "I
am thou, thou art I" and I was all "whoah girl, you gotta slow down with that Shakesepare
stuff, I totally failed English" and then she burst into a big flash of light!

When the light dimmed, there was this super beautiful woman standing at the edge of a
ramen bowl, wielding two chopsticks like blades. She was all like "You have gained the
strength to meet life's challenges, I am your Persona" and I was like "my personal what?" and
she got super confused and was all "no, no, not personal, persona!" and I still didn't get it so
she told me that she was there to help me fight the Shadows, which I guess is what those
yokai guys were called. So then I realized she was my personal assistant and that persona
must be some kind of trendy way to talk about that.

So then I was all "well that's cool, what do I call you?' and she was all "I am Ukemochi" and
then I was all like "whaaaa" cause even though I failed English I was actually really good at
social studies and I was like "yo, isn't Ukemochi the goddess of food?" and she was all
"yeah" and I was all like "isn't she the daughter of Izanami and Izanagi?" and she said "yes,
don't you think that's fitting, considering who we are fighting and your friends are?"

And then she looked at me really expectant, like she had just made some sort of big
revelation, but I didn't get it, so I just nodded and pretended I understood.



So yeah then I kept doing deliveries and when shadows attacked me, I'd summon Ukemochi
and kill them.

Eventually, as time went on, the TV became more a hassle and I found myself wishing I
could just use an app to go to the Shortcut Realm, but the one day I found out that I was
totally right and there was a weird app on my phone that would let me go there - and even
better, if I put in a person's name it would totally take me right there.

So now that I could basically go anywhere in the world, we started expanding our delivery
range until I was taking orders from all over Japan! We had to be really specific about the
hours since I couldn't just work all the time and no matter how much I tried to teach someone
else to use the Shortcut Realm I just couldn't.

Now we're opening to the whole world! I'm excited to do some deliveries. But I'm not in such
a rush anymore. I do want to still get married and be someone's lovey-dovey sweetie cakes,
but I just haven't met the right guy yet. But I know he's out there, and I know in my heart of
heart's how I'll find him - he'll be the first man to eat Aiya's unstoppable challenge: The
Tengen Toppa Giga Nikudon Breaker. But everything will come in time.

Though the Shortcut Realm is getting kinda busy again. Seems like there's more shadows
around these days, but they're not a big deal for me and Ukemochi. We've killed so many of
them that I barely think about it anymore.

Anyway, I gotta go. We have our first Paris order and I've always wanted to see the Eiffel
Tower.

Thanks for listening to my story!

Chapter End Notes

This is your fault.

Yeah, you.

You know who you are.



Chapter 299: 6/20 - Daytime
Chapter Summary

Nanako makes an omelette .

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Nanako slept until 11 AM.

The previous day was outright exhausting, and by the time she got back home from Yusuke's,
she felt like the walking dead. She fell into her bed, still in her dress, and didn't move an inch
until the next day.

She was in the kitchen, trying to decide if she should make lunch or breakfast. She decided to
split the difference and make herself an omelette. While she cooked, the Phantom Thieves
group text was blowing up.

RYUJI: Yo, we going in today?

REN: I don't think so. Yesterday was taxing.

MAKOTO: Yes, I apologize, but I don't think I'm up for returning just yet...I feel like I
could sleep all day.

YUSUKE: We still have time. Better to rest than make a foolish move when we are
exhausted.

That seemed to be the extent of the Phantom Thief activity. Her phone kept chirping away,
though. She finished up her omelette first, though, settling it on the plate. It was very perfect
- she wished someone was around to see it. It was cafe quality - she almost felt like writing
something on it with ketchup.

SANO: Yo, how did the cosplay turn out?

NANAKO: Honestly...I think I'm going to need something else. I don't think this one is
going to work out for me. Sorry.

SANO: Hey, no problem. Always happy to do more work for you. Is there anything you
have in mind?

NANAKO: Not really...



SANO: If you're not busy, come over to the shop. We can look for something new
together.

NANAKO: Yeah, okay. Let me eat then I'll head over.

With that conversation sorted, she moved onto the next one.

YU: Hey, text me when you wake up.

NANAKO: Morning, big bro.

YU: Morning! Are you free on the 22nd?

NANAKO: I think so, why?

YU: It's Yosuke's birthday. Keep it open, if you can.

Oh no. Nanako had completely forgotten about that.

NANAKO: Yeah, I'll definitely try and keep it open for that.

YU: Great! I think at least Naoto and Chie will be there. I'll see if we can bug Yukiko
and Kanji, too. I know they were just here, but I think it would be good for him.

Nanako quickly cycled through her message list.

NANAKO: Crap, crap, crap, I forgot! It's Yosuke's birthday in two days!

ANN: Okay?

NANAKO: We haven't planned a new date for him yet! It feels like a good chance if we
can get something together for tomorrow night.

ANN: I thought you said Ren had someone in mind.

Right. He did say that. And though Nanako wasn't super thrilled with that prospect at the
moment, she couldn't exactly pull a woman out of thin air could she?

NANAKO: Sorry, you're right. I'll contact him.

ANN: We can hang out this evening if you want and work on a plan.

NANAKO: Okay, sounds good.

Nanako decided to pause her onslaught of texts and eat half of her omelette. She was going to
need the energy.

NANAKO: Hey. You still think that doctor would be interested in going out with
Yosuke?

REN: Yes. I asked her a bit ago and she said she was open to it.



NANAKO: What about tomorrow night? It's almost Yosuke's birthday, seems like a
good opportunity.

REN: I'll ask. I'll let you know when I hear something.

Nanako set her phone face down and kept eating.

Pi pi pi

REN: Do you want to hangout later?

NANAKO: Sorry. I already have plans.

REN: Sure. I understand.

"What are you doing, Nanako..." she said to herself.

But she didn't have any answers.

Chapter End Notes

I'm glad you all enjoyed Aika's story.



Chapter 300: 6/20 - Afternoon
Chapter Summary

Confession.

"So the bracers didn't work out?" Sano asked. The leathershop was empty. Nanako and Sano
both sat at the seller's side of counter. On the counter top was a beat up old laptop of Sano's,
that he typed in different cosplay ideas to show Nanako. There were also a couple of
magazines that had been wrapped in brown paper. These were cosplay magazines - though
the way Sano handled them Nanako would have thought they were much dirtier...

"They work out. But I just don't think the whole Bike-Chan 2057 or whatever is really my
thing."

"Mhm, I understand. Not every character is for every person. But I guess you would know
that better than I would, being a cosplayer."

"You've never done it?"

"Cosplay? No. I mean, you saw my father the last time..."

"He was pretty hardcore about it."

Sano shrugged. "It's how he's always done his job. It's how he's provided for his family. It's
always worked, and venturing into other things could be a risk...I understand where he's
coming from."

"But you don't agree with it," Nanako prodded. Sano shrugged again.

"Obviously not."

"It's not really my place to tell you what to do-"

"Sure it is," Sano said. "We're...friends, right? I care about you- I mean, I care about what you
think, a lot."

"I...I don't know, Sano. You're living a double life here. I get it, it's the way to make you
happy, but do you think you could keep it up forever? The pictures that Ann and I did got
some good attention, right?"

"Yeah, Moriko said they did amazing."



"And that means eventually someone is going to ask who did the work. I mean we could keep
it a secret this time but eventually someone will find out your name. Then people would want
to hire you to do it, which would make you happy, wouldn't it?"

"Yeah, that'd be great."

"But...could you do a bunch more cosplay work and keep it hidden? Eventually you would
have to either turn things down. So by trying to keep it a secret, you end up strangling your
own dream."

Sano drummed his fingers on the countertop, which caused his strong forearms to flex.
Nanako caught herself admiring them.

"I never thought of that. Maybe I could start my own shop...or just wait for my father to
die..."

"You don't have to have an answer right now," Nanako said, resting her hand on his.
"But...waiting for your father to die seems like a long, long road."

"Yeah."

He shut his eyes, squeezing his fist.

"That's how I always am - too scared to go for what I want."

"Being true to yourself isn't easy. I know I don't always do it well, and I -"

"I like you, Nanako."

The words felt like a gut punch. Nanako was stunned into motionless silence.

"I really, really like you," he continued, his eyes still shut, his fist still clenched. "Can I take
you on a date?"

She had to choose her words carefully. She knew the answer was no, she felt it in her heart.
Whatever affection or attraction she had for him, she knew that it was superficial. Her heart
belonged to someone else. And it was frightening to realize in such clarity how deeply she
felt for Ren.

But Sano was her friend, and a nice guy. She couldn't just blurt it out and -

"You again!"

The words were loud and angry, snapping both Sano and Nanako out of their stupor. Standing
in the doorway was Sano's father.

"Father, I-"

"I gave you some leniency last time," he said, his gaze directed squarely at Nanako. "But to
come in here, sit behind the counter like you're family, bringing this...this filth!"



He grabbed the cosplay magazines and with his powerful hands tore them all half. He
dropped the pages to his side.

"I never want to see you in this shop again. If I do, I'll the police!"

"Yes, sorry," Nanako said, quickly scooping up her things and heading for the door.

There was a slam on the counter.

"No, wait! Father, it isn't her fault!" Sano declared.

"Don't," Nanako said, cutting him off. Sano's father looked confused and Sano finally opened
his eyes.

"Don't. I can't give you what you want," Nanako said.

The pain in Sano's face pulled at Nanako's heart as she rushed out of the leather shop.

--

SOCIAL LINK RANK UP 
Strength: Saotishi Sano 

Level 6



Chapter 301: 6/20 - Evening
Chapter Summary

Love in the air.

"Huh, all this info that Ren got on this Tae Takemi is really...detailed..." Ann muttered to
herself.

"Yeah," Nanako said.

They were at Ann's apartment. Nanako was sitting upside down on the couch - her legs were
on the couch with her back draped over the edge and her head resting on the floor. She
watched the TV idly, watching the upside down world play out mindlessly. Ann sat next to
her, scrolling on her phone.

"Seriously, favorite band, favorite foods...where did he get all this? Is she like a friend of
his...?"

"Yeah."

Ann frowned and set her phone down.

"You know, your guy is getting really cozy with a dangerously sexy doctor. You should show
at least a few sparks of jealousy."

"Huh?"

"All right you, enough moping," Ann said, reaching down and grabbing Nanako's hands. She
was surprisingly strong and yanked Nanako up off the floor and forced her to turn around and
sit upright. Nanako felt all the blood rushing down her neck.

"I'm sorry, I just can't stop thinking about what happened earlier," Nanako said. The first
thing she did when she left was ask if she could come to Ann's earlier than they had planned.
And when she got here, Nanako immediately dumped the debacle with Sano out in a frothing
waterfall of words.

"Any word?"

Nanako checked her phone again, but shook her head. She'd texted Sano a couple of times,
but no response.

"Well...you're just gonna have to give it time. Maybe all the time. If he was helping you out
to-"



"I know. That would suck."

"It would. But it's also kinda his right. Maybe he shouldn't have helped you just because he
liked you, but..."

"Unnngh..." Nanako groaned. They'd already been down this conversation a couple of times.
"Okay. Yes. You're right. It's time to stop moping and time to start taking action. Based on the
favorite bands and food, what did you suggest for Yosuke?"

"Here, what do you think?" Ann said, handing Nanako her phone. The phone was opened to a
website that described a punk-rock bar with some really interesting "fusion tapas." Trendy,
punky, casual but still fun and commemorative.

"Wow, this is perfect."

"Right!? When I saw it I just knew it was right for Hanamura-sensei. It should totally be a
love connection! Just so long as he doesn't mess it up..."

"Well, that's...a possibility. But we'll just have to cheer him on."

"...from like, outside, right? We're doing that whole thing we did last time, right?"

"Ann that was a major violation of his privacy!"

"And it was totally fun!"

"...yeah, well, that's...it...I mean he's basically like another brother to me, so it's not a big deal,
right?"

"Right! And I'm your best friend, so you'd just end up telling me everything anyway. This is
just saving us a step."

"Oh okay fine, we'll spy on him one last time...but this is the last time!"

Ann held a hand to her heart. "Scout's honor. I'm beary serious about this."

Nanako texted all the relevant info to Yosuke. She had steeled herself for more resistance, but
all he texted back was "fine." Maybe he had just decided that it wasn't worth fighting against
Nanako anymore.

Or maybe his birthday was making him feel lonelier than ever...

Poor guy.

"I know you're really broken up about how things went with Sano but...you gotta give him
some credit. He went for what he wanted."

"Yeah. Well, at least part of it."



"Right, but he was confronted with his insecurities and weaknesses and he didn't back down!
He had no idea he was about to get totally shot down-"

"Oof, okay..."

"- and he went for it anyway. That takes a special kind of...something. Courage, I guess.
And...maybe love..."

"Are you trying to get me to feel like crap?" Nanako asked.

An didn't answer. She was staring at her hands, which caused Nanako to stare at her hands
too. They were shaking ever so slightly.

"Oh. You were talking about you."

"...yeah," Ann said.

"Well, I know that-"

Ann stood up.

"I'm gonna do it."

"You are?"

"Yes. I'm going to tell Shiho how I feel," Ann said, clenching her fists at her sides. "Look at
all the love around me...Sano, Hanamura-sensei...people are taking their shots left and right.
And maybe love won't strike true, but these men are going to come out with a better
knowledge of who they are. And I already know a lot more about myself...and besides, Shiho
is my best friend. Well, other best friend. Even if she doesn't have feelings for me, she'd
never hurt me."

"Whatever you want to do, I have your back," Nanako said.

"Thanks. That means a lot to me...but what do I do?"

"I mean, you already nailed this date for Yosuke. And you know Shiho better than everyone.
Just be yourself and think about what she likes. Not that I know anything about confessing
love..."

"Maybe I can be the one to inspire you, then," Ann said with a wink.

--

SOCIAL LINK RANK UP

The Star: Ann Takamaki

Level 6



Chapter 302: 6/20 - Night
Chapter Summary

Late night shopping.

Anata no, terebi ni, Jika-netto Tanaka ~

Mi-n-na no, yoku no tomo~

"Today's offerings on Tanaka's Commodities is preparing for Halloween! That's right, the
American festival of spooks and delight, and of course, incredible costumes!"

Nanako groaned and sat up on the couch. She must have fallen asleep watching TV. There
was a painful crick in her neck from where she had slept at an odd angle against the couch's
armrest. But even in her neck-pain, half-asleep state she knew that June was definitely not the
time of year to be preparing for American Halloween. She was pretty sure that was in the fall
- like in October.

"Really scraping the bottom of the barrel tonight, eh Tanaka?" she said at the TV through a
very long yawn. "Did this stuff fall off a boat or something?"

"Our first incredible deal of the night are these authentic American candy corn sweets! These
colorful little delights put the famous corn of Sapporo to shame! Guaranteed made in
America!"

A picture of the candy corn appeared in a box in the corner next to Tanaka's make-up caked
face. There was a picture of a boy band in the corner, with some big words in English -
obviously some sort of promotional partnership between the boy band and the candy. Except,
Nanako was pretty sure she'd heard of this boy band before - and they were old. Like...from
the early 2000s...

"Are you selling 20 year old candy, Tanaka?" she asked, incredulous. She fumbled around the
cushions for the remote for far too long before realizing that the remote was actually set on
the coffee table in front of her. She picked it up.

"And our other incredible offering today is this questionably legal police tactical uniform!
The body suit is made of durable material and has plenty of pockets for all your day-to-day
needs. It also comes with a tactical vest that looks like it could be bullet proof! I know what
you're asking, is it actually bullet proof? Well, those are the kinds of questions Tanaka doesn't
ask when he's securing these bargains. It even says NYPD on it, from New York, in America!
What amazing accuracy for your Halloween adventure! Only available in sizes extra-small to
small. Order in the next five minutes and get free overnight delivery!"



Huh. Well, it did look...useful...and the pockets and straps would sync well with her holster
and the Compendium... and the arms were kinda bare, so she could still use the bracers....

"You got me again, Tanaka," Nanako grumbled as she picked up her phone.



Chapter 303: 6/21 - Morning
Chapter Summary

Mind the gap.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

"Is she ready?" Nanako asked.

"Mhm. And I already planted the microphone on Hanamura-sensei," Ren said. The two of
them were whispering carefully in the back corner of th classroom while Kawakami-sensei
got lost in the intricacies of whatever kanji was on the board.

"How much older is she, anyway? I didn't really think about that, but if she's a doctor..."

"I think early 30s. How old is Hanamura-sensei?"

"26," Nanako replied automatically. "Well, 27 as of today."

"Not too bad a difference," Ren remarked.

"There's a gap between my dad and my mom. Well, my current mom."

"Mine too," Ren said. "Other way around, though."

"Dojima, Amamiya, is there some life-changing revelation about this kanji you'd like to share
with the rest of us?" Kawakami-sensei called out. Nanako snapped straight up in her seat, her
heart pounding. She never got in trouble at school, and she hated it. She could feel her cheeks
getting flush and her mind racing with how upset her dad was going to be when he found out.

"I just find it interesting that the 'water' radical is used in government," Ren said. "Water,
something that is supposed to be life-giving and useful, and our government is so very often
not. It's like a river in a desert."

The class laughed - mostly because they weren't really sure how to interpret something that
could easily be seen as fiery rhetoric. What was most interesting, though, was Kawakami's
face. Nanako didn't know how to interpret it - she was partly annoyed, but also
partly...amused?

"This is Japanese, not social studies, Amamiya. Try to stay on the task at hand."

"Of course, my apologies."



"Smooth," Morgana said through a yawn.

Chapter End Notes

I wish I could say this delay has been because of life things, but really I've just been
playing too much Elden Ring >_<

Also, I had to do some REAL deep research to pull off that kanji joke.

If you're not familiar, Japanese has three writing systems - hiragana, katakana, and kanji.
The first two are sort of "alphabets", but instead of representing letters, they represent
syllables. Kanji is derived from Chinese, which is a sort of "pictograph" system. The
symbols are derived from simpler pictures that KIND OF look like the thing they
describe.

Well, a lot of kanji are created by using "radicals" - meaning that simpler symbols are
smooshed together into one symbole to derive the meaning. In this scene, they're talking
about the water radical, which is used in many kanji that are related to water (rivers,
pond, alcohol, etc.). But there are also kanji that use the water radical which are not
related to water: choices, law, and government are examples of that.

It was a very roundabout way to make a Rivers in the Desert reference .



Chapter 304: 6/21 - The Bank of Gluttony
Chapter Summary

Queen.

"So what's mine?" Niijima asked.

"What's your what?" Panther asked.

"My code name. The first time I was in the Metaverse, Skull said you all operated on code
names."

"Ah yes, the selection of a code name. The final rite of passage for a Phantom Thief," Fox
said.

"Come on this one's easy," Skull said. "Rider."

"Pass."

"What? That totally makes sense though."

"Spike?" Panther suggested.

"That's a little on the nose," Niijima said.

"Queen," Joker said.

"Queen?"

"You have tactical mobility, like on a chess board."

"Plus it gives off a certain domineering edge," Mona said.

"Queen... I like it."

Nanako inwardly sighed. Queen was such a cool code name. Why hadn't she thought of that?

"Okay I'm ready to go," Nanako said, stepping out from around the corner.

"What the hell is that?" Skull asked.

"New outfit," Nanako said. "The old one just wasn't working for me."



"But that's a cop uniform," Skull pointed out. "You do remember we're Phantom Thieves,
right? The cops are looking for us."

"The people we're trying to help right now are cops," Nanako said. "I'm wearing this to honor
her. Also, I kind of figure that would be body armor in the Metaverse will actually work."

"What is the NYPD?" Fox asked.

"American police I think," Nanako said as she flipped on her brother's glasses.

"Right, let's begin our infiltration. Queen, Skull, Mona, you're with me. Angel, take point
with Panther and Fox."

The rest of the Phantom Thieves started towards the secret entrance that they located just a
few minutes ago. Nanako glowered to herself, folding her arms. Joker glided over to her.

"I'm not sidelining you," he said.

"It feels like it."

"We need to show Queen the ropes."

"Fine."

"You look good in the outfit," Joker said.

Nanako shrugged.

"Does it come with handcuffs?"

She punched his arm.



Chapter 305: 6/21 - Evening
Chapter Summary

Yosuke's date.

"You have to admit that one move was pretty cool," Ann said.

"I don't have to admit anything," Nanako replied, irritated.

"She drove her motorcycle up the stairs, flipped it on its side, and took out the legs of all four
of those shadows. Then she jumped and kicked one in the neck while shooting the other three
in midair."

"So she's a competent fighter. We all are."

"Speak for yourself, I certainly didn't start that good," Ann said.

"Can we please stop talking about her? We're supposed to be spying on our teacher going on
a date."

Ann yawned. Nanako listened more intently on her earpiece. Though the Metaverse did have
a tendency to take it out of them physically, Nanako didn't see how Ann could be tired at all.
They had been at the rear guard the entire time and had only battled a handful of shadows.
The only time they had done anything useful was when they were simultaneously shutting
down security cameras from two separate stations.

That had been an incredibly complex heist maneuver. One devised by Niijima.

Nanako told herself that this was a good thing - whatever brought them closer to saving Chie.
She said it so much that she felt like it was a mantra. A mantra that wasn't working.

Great, now she was thinking about it all over again.

She focused on the earpiece.

"I guess it's because I had so many bad teachers when I was growing up. Especially middle
school and beyond. I remember griping about them all the time, so much so that my best
friend told me that I should stop whining and do something about it."

Yosuke sounded surprisingly vulnerable. He was using the tone of voice he used when he was
sharing things openly amongst the friend group. He definitely didn't sound like this when he
was talking to Mika.



"So your friend saw something in you and knew you would be a great teacher?"

"Honestly, I think he was just trying to get me to shut up. But the way he says things
sometimes sticks in my head. I kept thinking about it over and over. I didn't really have a
desire to go to University, but it kept nagging at me. So I decided to enroll, try it out. I figure
that if I didn't like it, I could always quit and do something else."

"But you didn't. You found your passion."

"Yeah. It's funny, if I could time travel back to my 16-year-old self and tell him that I
voluntarily stayed out in the sticks, I think he would have either laughed his head off or
punched me."

"Then what brought you back to Tokyo?"

"A favor, mostly. I'm not sure if I'll stay past the rest of this year, but it has been a nice
change of pace."

"Change can be a good thing," Takemi said.

Nanako was absolutely fascinated with her voice. She sounded intelligent, and sultry, and
young, yet wise all at the same time.

"She's totally out of his league isn't she?" Ann said.

"Yosuke is a catch!"

"Yeah I know he's a good guy, but Takemi-sensei is hot. I mean, did you see those fishnets?
Yes, mommy..."

"Ann!"

Ann abruptly slapped both her hands on her cheeks and shook her head back and forth. The
rosie blush in her cheeks started to subside.

"Oh my God, I'm so sorry, why did I say that out loud?"

"You need to confess to Shiho already. At this rate, you're going to melt from unrequited
passion."

The girls halted their conversation when they realized that Yosuke and Takemi were finishing
their meal. They had set themselves up across from the restaurant, just as they had with Mika.
Carefully as they could, using everything they learned from being Phantom Thieves, they
followed the couple at a distance all the way to the subway station.

"Oh my goodness, they're holding hands," Ann said. " I think our job here is done."

" I don't know," Nanako said. "I think I'm going to follow just a little longer."



"Really? Why? I mean I think things are going to get a little more physical. How you going
to help him now, send him text messages on how to paw at her?"

"I don't know. I'm just going to follow a little bit longer. You can go, though. "

" Okay. Good luck."

Nanako slipped on to the train at the other end of the car. It took her a moment to realize
which line they were on, and she was a little surprised when they stopped at Yogen station.
But of course that would make sense, that was where Ren met her.

Were they headed back to her place?

Maybe Ann was right. This was starting to feel a little intrusive.

Nanako decided that if she saw them heading back to the clinic, she would abort right there
and head back home. Or maybe see if LeBlanc was still open.

She followed them through the familiar little walkways, and stopped at the grocery stand,
standing with a clear view of the clinic. Takemi flipped through her purse and got her keys,
and opened the clinic door, ushering Yosuke inside.

Nanako pressed on the earpiece.

"You said it was your birthday, didn't you?" Takemi said.

"I did..."

"I know we just met, but a birthday shouldn't pass without a present."

Nanako switched off the earpiece, feeling awkward. Were they really going to do that on a
first date? It seemed a little fast to her. Then again, they were adults. Maybe that kind of thing
was way more normal at that age.

She turned, trying to decide whether she wanted to head home or try Leblanc, when she heard
the clinic door slam open. She spun back around just in time to see Yosuke stumbling out of
the clinic, hastily buttoning up his shirt.

"Well it was really nice to meet you I have to be going now have a good evening bye!"

In the blink of an eye, he was gone. Takemi appeared at the door a moment later. Her blouse
was still partially unbuttoned, revealing her cleavage and a lacey black bra. In one hand, she
was holding a riding crop. In the other, some strange thing Nanako had never seen before- it
looked like a red ball attached to a leather strap. The gorgeous doctor looked up and down the
street a few times then sighed.

"The nice ones are always a little bit too nice," she mused to herself. Takemi was about to
turn and head back into her clinic, when she and Nanako made eye contact. Nanako was
about to look away, but Takemi's expression changed from disappointment to recognition.
She took a step forward.



"It's you..."

" What?" Nanako said.

"It's you, isn't it? The coma girl from Inaba. "

" How did you-? "

Before she could say anything else, Nanako was surrounded by a sudden burst of smoke, and
felt, herself being picked up and carried away.



Chapter 306: 6/21 - Evening
Chapter Summary

Smoke and coffee.

"I appreciate the assist, but don't you think that an actual smoke bomb is a little dramatic,"
Nanako said. She held her right twin tail up to her nose. "Ugh, the smell is in my hair."

"Sorry. These are the ones we use in the Metaverse. I've never actually used one in real life
before. I guess I used too much smoke ," Ren said.

The two of them were back in Ren's loft above LeBlanc. The coffee shop was closed for the
day. There had been a panicked moment when Nanako was first lifted from her feet; she had
some unreasonable idea that Takemi had some hidden kidnapping squad nearby.

"Does this make up for it?" Ren asked as he slid the hot cup of coffee across the little table in
his room. Nanako picked it up by the saucer, then primly took a sip, her pinky extended.

"It'll do for now," she said. "You're not having any?"

"I have enough trouble sleeping as it is," he said.

"Morgana doesn't have that problem." The two of them looked over at Ren's bed to see if a
cat curled up closely, taking long deep breaths.

"Does he sleep with you every night?"

"Yep. He's part of the reason I don't sleep that well."

He took off his glasses and rubbed his eyes. Then left his glasses on the table.

"You look spooked."

"I am. What do you know about Takemi?"

"Not much," Ren said. "She's a doctor, obviously. She has her own practice because someone
in her past seems to be keeping her from getting any further. I don't know the details, but
she's not that different from me. Rejected for a mistake."

"I see", Nanako said. "Have you ever talked about me?"

" No."

Ren didn't ask the question. Nanako took another sip of her coffee.



"She knew me. Or at least, new of me. She called me the coma girl from Inaba."

"Was your case famous or something?"

"I don't think so. It was strange, that's for sure. But I don't think it would have got in medical
journals or anything like that."

"But you don't know for sure," Ren said.

"No."

"I could try and find out," he said.

"How would you do that?"

"I go and visit her office pretty regularly," he said. "I could snoop around her files."

"Why do you see her regularly?"

"We have an arrangement", he said." She allows me to buy some of the experimental drugs
that we use in the Metaverse. In exchange. I'm her guinea pig."

"Guinea pig?" Nanako suddenly had images of Takemi and her “accessories” running through
her mind.

“Something about blood tests, drug reactions. I'm not really sure.”

“Is it safe?”

“I haven't died yet”.

Nanako wasn't sure any of this was a very good idea, but she didn't really have a reason - or
the right - to tell him to stop.

“I don't want you to get in any trouble,” Nanako said. “Well, any more trouble than we are
already in. I'm sure it's nothing.”

“If that's what you want,” Ren said. “But I'm going to keep an eye and ear open anyway. Is
there anyone back home you could ask?”

“Not really. Not without a rising some suspicion.”

“I guess we'll just have to mark it up as a mystery.”

Nanako thought about it. He was right. There wasn't anything else they could do.

“I'm getting tired of all these stacking mysteries,” Nanako said.

“I'm sure we'll reach the truth eventually. Till then, all we can do is reach out for it.”



The end of Ren's sentence was punctuated by a yawn. Nanako chugged the rest of her coffee,
then picked up the cup and saucer.

“I better go,” she said. “Thanks again.”

“Anything for you,” he said.



Chapter 307: 6/21 - Night
Chapter Summary

Bro.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

“I don't know bro. I don't know what's wrong with me.”

“Hey, you weren’t ready. There's nothing wrong with that. I mean you just met the woman
after all.”

Yu and Yosuke clinked their beer glasses together and each took a long drink.

“I keep thinking about when I was 16 and lamented that I've never find a girl. I mean, I had
that whole nurse thing going on, totally immature and obsessed. Obsessed with this stylized
version of love and sex that probably doesn't exist. And then, this ultra hot doctor throws
herself at me, complete with kinky toys, and what do I do? Run away.”

“That stuff can be fun, but I could see it being weird on a first date,” Yu said.

“Okay first, that's more than I wanted to know about you. Second, I just feel like I don't even
know myself anymore. Like, if I don't want a kinky ultra hot doctor, then what do I want?”

“You have to confront your inner romantic shadow. Until you can figure out what will truly
make you happy in a partner, you're never going to find it. And that might mean admitting
something to yourself that you haven't talked about before.”

“What are you trying to imply here?”

“I don't know. Only you can answer that question.”

“I'm not gay dude.”

“That's not where I was going with it. But you are a little gay. At least for me.”

Yosuke was about to complain, but then sighed and shrugged.

“Whatever. Hey why do we always come to this place now?” Yosuke asked, motioning to the
gaudy atmosphere of Lala-chan’s place. Yu shrugged.

“It’s grown on me. It’s kind of charming.”



“It’s in the red light district.”

“Maybe it could be like, our hangout spot. You know, for the squad. The crew. The gang.”

“I swear, you’ve only gotten weirder over the years,” Yosuke said. Yu threw his arm around
his shoulders.

“Happy birthday, buddy.”

“Thanks, bro.”

Chapter End Notes

Apologies for any wierdness in this and upcoming updates. I got a new phone and it has
this amazing voice typing capacity, so I've been writing updates using it. But then I have
to go back and clean it up and make it presentable, and I'm still finding my perfect
workflow for that.

The biggest issue with the tech is that it doesn't recognize "strange" names (in this case,
Japanese.) So I have to put in super American "placeholder" names and then Find-
Replace later. Yu's name was "Chad" though, so I enjoyed that.

Apparently I can get around it by putting the characters name in my Contacts and then
teaching it how to associate the sound with the spelling. But I'm not sure I want the
entire cast of P4 and P5 in my contact list. I'm a weeb, but not that much of a weeb.



Chapter 308: 6/22 - Afternoon
Chapter Summary

Ramen.

“We are just going to have to spend more time training in Mementos,” Ren said.

There was silent assent from the rest of the Phantom Thieves. Either that, or everyone was
too busy slurping down their ramen. Whatever the reason, Nanako noticed that the mood was
noticeably more quiet even as they sat in booth in the bustling Ogikubo ramen shop that
Ryuji had proclaimed as his favorite.

“I don't get it,” Ann said. “Why are we having so much more trouble in this palace in the last
two? Shouldn't we be getting better at this?”

Nanako kept eating silently, rethinking the day's mission. The density of security measures
had been more than they anticipated. Alarms went off, the security level kept rising and
rising, attracting more and more shadows. On top of that, the shadows seemed to just get
more powerful. They fought them off and survived, but there had been too many close calls.

“We are getting better at it,” Morgana said. “But Kaneshiro is a different kind of enemy.
Every step of this infiltration has been more difficult than the others.”

“His mind is more organized,” Ren said. “He's methodical.”

“Paranoid,” Niijima added. “Thorough. Maybe even anxious. That's why there's so many
redundancies in the security systems, so many traps. Lasers, cameras, multiple locking
systems, heavily armed guards. It's almost like he was expecting someone to infiltrate his
brain.”

Niijima meant it as an off-handed remark, but the group couldn't help but glance at each
other, worried.

“That's impossible,” Morgana assured them.

“If we are to pass through this impenetrable bank, we will have to refine our skills even
further,” Yusuke said.

Ryuji mumbled something through a huge mouthful of ramen.

“Nobody understood that,” Ann complained. Ryuji shrugged, then swallowed it all, mightily.



“I said I thought the Metaverse would make it easier for us to do this kind of stuff. I thought
our cognition improved our skills.”

“It does,” Morgana said. “But your cognition isn't refined enough. There's always room to
grow. So far we've had to be flashy, determined, powerful. But not careful.”

“We gotta be careful through this whole thing?” Ryuji complained.

“Maybe careful is the wrong word,” Ren said. “Exact.”

“Training in Mementos is a good idea”, Nanako agreed. “And maybe we need to find more
developing palaces to stop. Work on helping people on the phansite.”

“That's a good idea too,” Morgana said. “The more variety of palaces we encounter, even
partially developed ones, the more we improve.”

“All right,” Ren said. “I'll work with Mishima and pick out some potential targets on the
phansite.”

“We’ll be waiting for your call as usual, leader,” Ann said.

Nanako picked up her bowl to drink the rest of the broth.



Chapter 309: 6/22 - Evening
Chapter Summary

Megane no Nanako.

Exhausted, Nanako turned to her old friend the TV and flipped around the channels until she
came to a documentary.

"From an evolutionary psychology perspective, jealousy serves a very specific purpose -
mate guarding," the scholarly announcer said. "While some aspects of evolution promote
spreading of the genes, larger animals that have to work together to procure resources are
benefited more from loyal family structures that work in harmony. In that sense, jealousy in
humans is undoubtedly a trait from our ancestors that once served that critical purpose."

Mate guarding?

Nanako wanted to believe that she, as a modern woman, was above that kind of thing. But if
living in a world with Personae and the Metaverse taught her anything, it's that it was
dangerous to ignore her base desires.

She sat up and pondered this for a moment, but felt her thoughts spinning in circles. She
reached over to her bag and pulled out her bro's glasses and flipped them on.

"So. Here we are again," glasses-Nanako said.

"Yeah," said Nanako as she removed the glasses. "Here we are. Do you think that the
jealousy I'm feeling about Niijima is about mate guarding?"

"Do you consider Ren to be your mate?" glasses Nanako asked.

"Damn, you don't pull any punches, do you?"

"I am you, after all."

"I mean, I'm in love with the boy, so I guess there's a part of me that thinks of him as a mate.
Even though he hasn't said he feels the same way."

"And you haven't mated either," glasses-Nanako said.

"Aren't you supposed to be the refined one?"

"I'm the truth-telling one, which means that I pull no punches. If you consider Ren to be your
mate, then do you feel that Niijima is a threat to your romantic relationship?"



Nanako thought about this for several moments.

"No...I don't think so. I don't pick up that vibe from either of them. She isn't interested like
that, and neither is he."

"Which upsets you because you and Niijima are similar," glasses-Nanako pointed out.

"No, it's not that. We're similar, but not the same. And Ren and I have shared history."

"Then if 'mate-guarding' isn't the source of your jealousy, then what is?"

"Hm...place guarding?"

"Expound on that," glasses-Nanako said.

"The Phantom Thieves are the friends I've been waiting for. And I used to fit in a really
specific spot in that comnposition, but if Niijima can take it over..."

"You'll lose your friends," glasses-Nanako said. "But you know this to be folly as well.
Nothing could replace your relationship with Ann, for example. She is your best friend, and
you are hers. There is no way that Niijima would take that place. And you already said that
you and Ren share a relationship that is unique. It's the same for the others. You've been there
alongside Ryuji and Yusuke - during their awakenings, during the battles you fought
alongside each other. You know your value is higher than your abilities."

"I know."

"You know here," glasses-Nanako said, tapping her head. "But not here."

"Wow, I can't believe I just did that."

"You're the one talking to herself."

Nanako put the glasses away.

At least she felt her knowledge improve a little.



Chapter 310: 6/22 - Mementos
Chapter Summary

Training sequence.

"It's called grouping," Nanako said. The shadow she just shot was already melting, its head
completely shredded from the gunshots. "Hitting a target is hard. Hitting a moving target is
harder. Grouping your shots together so they're as close as possible - now that's true
marksmanship."

"Yeah...I don't think that's going to be a relevant skill for me," Skull said, examining his
shotgun.

"Or me," Panther added. Nanako had to admit both of those weapons weren't exactly
designed for accuracy. They were more spray-and-pray.

"Just because a weapon doesn't have innate accuracy doesn't mean there isn't an accurate way
to wield it," Joker added. "Just because the submachine guns can lay down a hundred rounds
a minute doesn't mean you should. Conserving ammo and proper application of force matters
here."

"That's true of all combat," Niijima - or rather, Queen - said. "Efficient combat is about using
the right tool for the job. We have firearms, melee weapons, and of course our Personae. The
use of each has pros and cons, but by using the correct tool we can conserve energy and fight
for longer.

That was one of the problems they were encountering within Kaneshiro's vault. The shadows
were stronger, which meant their physical and mental energy was drained faster. Skull and
Panther glanced at each other, and though neither said anything, Nanako could tell they were
still confused.

"It's like rock paper scissors," Nanako said.

"Ohhhh..." the blondes said in unison.

"Beyond the choice of weapon, it seems that each enemy shadow has its own inherit strengths
and weaknesses based on damage type. If we all commit these to memory, then we'll be able
to defeat them quickly and sequentially," Queen said.

Panther groaned. "So now I have to study...?"

"We have to keep our sense of style, however," Fox cut in. "After all, the presentation of our
combative abilities has an echoing effect on the other shadows. Moving with precision and



memorization might be efficient, but it lacks impact."

"Impact?" Queen said, her frown visible even past her metal mask.

"Style. Poise. Cool," Mona said. "The tried-and-true trademarks of the Gentleman Thief."

"Why does it have to be a gentleman?" Queen grumbled.

"Fox is right. This stuff matters in the Metaverse," Joker said. "We have to improve, but we
can't lose sight of who we are."

"Which is probably one of the hardest things to do," Nanako said. "But I think we can do it."

"I'm so lost," Panther whispered to Skull.

"Me too."

"I am also confused," Fox whispered.

"Mona, Skull, and Queen will be with me. Angel, Panther, and Fox, you'll go another
direction. Continue to practice battling shadows until you feel the need to draw back," Joker
ordered. "Our radios still work in the Mementos, so call if you need back up."

"How about we make it interesting?" Skull said, tapping his pipe on his shoulder.

"Most shadows killed, penalty for the losers?" Panther said, practically buzzing with
excitement.

"Bet."

The blondes shook.

"Panther, we're less one person!" Nanako complained. "And you guys didn't even decide
what the penalty is!"

"Penalty is decided by us," Panther said with a wink. "Because we're obviously going to win.
Even with one less person."

"Haha, yeah right, you just made the dumbest bet of your entire life. I'm going to enjoy
picking the penalty. What should it be...maybe have you guys serve us a meal in a maid
outfit?"

"M-maid outfit!?" Mona stammered, his eyes locked on Panther.

"M-maid...outfit..." Joker said, looking away from Nanako, trying to hide his blush.

"I do have the legs for it," Fox said.

"We have to win!" Mona said, leaping into the air and bursting into his vehicle shape. "Come
on everyone, let's get a move on!"



Before Nanako could raise another objection, the car peeled off.

"Great," Nanako sighed. "There's no way we're going to win this."

"Oh, but there is," Panther said with a clever grin. "There's a beary easy way to win this. We
know that Shadows are attracted to the great big power of the palace, right? And we also
know that Mementos has Shadows because it's the Palace of the Public. But we ALSO know
that partially built palaces exist within Mementos and attract shadows too, like Nakanohara."

"I'm following so far," Nanako said.

"So all we have to do is find one of those!"

"Panther, we can't just randomly find one. Last time we had a specific lead, and we used the
Metanav to guide us there."

"So let's just do that. There's plenty of posts on the Phansite, we should just search those
names until one results in a hit."

"I don't know. This seems risky," Nanako said.

"Okay, sure, no problem. If you want to wear a bear-ly there maid outfit, we can do it the safe
way. Or maybe that's what you want ..."

"For the record, I don't mind either way," Fox said.

Nanako grumbled and got out her phone.

--

"This isn't working," Nanako said for the tenth time.

"It'll work!" Panther countered for the tenth time.

"We've been wandering in circles forever," Nanako countered.

"I have to agree with Angel," Fox cut in. "In our search for potential glory we seem to have
forgotten that the purpose was to improve our skills. We've now accomplished neither and
would've been better off if we just attacked groups of shadows."

Panther sighed. "I guess you're right. Sorry everyone."

"It's all right, it was a good idea," Nanako said. She had had the MetaNav open on her phone
and finally closed it out and stuck it into her tactical vest.

"If we move quickly, we might be able to recoup some time," Fox said, hand resting on the
hilt of his sword.

Nanako frowned at that.

"Actually...that's kind of weird now that you mention it."



"Mention what?" Panther asked.

"Random shadows. We've been meandering all through Mementos and we haven't run into
one single shadow. Why?"

The three of them paused.

"What's that?" Panther asked.

"I hear it too," Fox said.

"What?" Nanako asked.

"Shh."

Nanako shut her eyes and listened. There was a general spookiness to Mementos that she
learned to tune out - the sound of trains, the general wooshing and rumbling that sounded a
little too much like human voices for comfort.

Ah. There it was. A different sound.

Clinking. Rattling.

"Chains?" Panther asked.

Something was scraping at the edge of Nanako's mind, something panicked and dreadful.
Something that told her that they needed to get out.

The Compendium flipped open and she pulled the card and crushed it immediately.

"Hanuman!"

The Persona appeared just in time for it to intercept the bullet. The blast was intense and
shattered the Persona in one shot. Nanako felt the pain in her chest and in her head and
buckled to her knees.

"Nanako!" Panther yelled, rushing to her side.

"Goemon!" Fox and his spectral samurai cast several chunks of ice through the air and
towards the phantom.

"I'm okay, but we have to get out of here!" Nanako said, struggling to get to her feet.

"What is that thing?"

"The Reaper."



Chapter 311: 6/22 - Mementos
Chapter Summary

Reaper.

Nanako felt sick to her stomach. Her head swam. Her vision was blurry.

"Hellooo~? Are you paying attention?" A sing-song voice yelled way too loud.

"Wha...what?"

"I said, are you going to defeat the Reaper for me or not? I need its bloody button."

Nanako's vision began to come back into focus. For a moment, Nanako thought she was
talking to Margaret - everything was the same. Blue outfit, golden hair. But as things
sharpened, she realized it wasn't Margaret. This woman had a bobbed haircut and wore a
pillbox hat. Her blue uniform was sleeveless. She was beautiful, like Margaret, but there was
something...cheeky about her.

She leaned forward closer to Nanako, which made her take a step back. It was only then that
she realized the walls were moving, as if they were standing in a large ascending elevator.

"Why would we need a bloody button?" Nanako asked. Except, it wasn't Nanako's voice. She
looked down at her hands, at her clothes - not hers. She was wearing a school uniform that
looked familiar...but from where?

The woman sighed. "If you want to open up the Monad Depths of Tartarus, then I need that
button."

"And what's the point of going down there? I thought the point was we were going UP
Tartarus," Nanako said in the voice that wasn't hers.

The woman opened her mouth to speak, but Nanako's stomach twisted again. The world spun
and when she could see again, she wasn't in the elevator anymore.

She was in Inaba.

Sort of.

It looked like a weird dark version of Inaba - as if it had been swallowed and transformed by
Mementos.

Inaba...in the Metaverse?



A Reaper rose above Konishi liquors. Nanako skid to a stop with Yosuke and Teddie right in
front of her.

"Keep going, bro! You gotta stop Adachi!"

"We have this, sensei! I'm going to go totally bear-serk on this fiend!"

"Don't take any unnecessary risks!" Nanako yelled back in her big bro's voice.

"Nanako!"

Her eyes flew open. She was on her back with Ann leaning over her, tears in her eyes.
Carmen was behind her, casting down a green light onto Nanako.

"Oh my God, I thought you were dead!"

"What..."

"This thing is crazy strong, it took you out in one hit!" Ann said, panicked. Nanako struggled
to sit up and saw Fox. They were around a corner, with Fox leaning out laying down machine
gun fire. He suddenly yanked himself back as a powerful bullet streaked through the air.

"Joker," Nanako stammered.

"We already called, he's on his way, but..."

"Right," Nanako got to her feet. "We need to keep moving. It's way stronger than we are."

"Fox, let's go!" Panther said as she took Nanako's arm and pulled it over her shoulders.
Nanako was going to protest and say she could walk on her own, but her legs felt like lead.
Panther pulled the pair of them along in an awkward shuffling run while Fox popped open a
soda tab and chugged it down.

"Maybe we can make an ice wall, slow it down," Nanako suggested.

"I tried. Shattered in one shot," Fox said.

"What about Confusion, or Brainwash, or..."

"You tried all that right before you went down. You don't remember?"

Nanako felt a stab of fear. She didn't remember at all. How close had she been to dying?

"Just keep moving," Fox said. "The terminal is head, maybe if we can get to the next level-"

A shot rang out. Fox moved with incredible speed. First, Goemon appeared to slice the
incoming shot. It broke through his sword, then impacted the Persona's chest. Goemon burst
into flame, leaving Fox to slice the bullet with his own sword. The bullet shoved the blade
aside and then struck Fox in the shoulder, knocking him over.

"Fox!"



"Go, go!" He yelled, scrambling to stand again. Nanako reached out and pulled a card from
the Compendium.

"Izanagi!"

The Persona appeared, but just barely. It hurt her head just to summon him, and now that he
was here, she couldn't remember what to do with him. Attack? Lightning? Defend with a
spell?

"Hey, asshole! What kind of shitty western movie did come from?"

It was Skull. He was hanging from the ceiling, just above the Reaper. When the Reaper
looked up, Skull unloaded his shotgun into its face. The Reaper flinched, but didn't look like
it was injured at all from the attacks. The Reaper moved his left arm to take aim with his
long-barelled pistol.

There was another pop - a flash, then smoke. A grenade had just been set off above the
Reaper's head, between it and Skull. Nanako watched as Skull dropped down through the
smoke, right between the Reaper's arms, and landed on the motorcycle waiting beneath him.

Queen gunned it, flying towards Fox, Nanako, and Panther. Mona was on the front of the
bike.

"Mona, transform!" he said. He leapt off the front of the bike and burst into smoke, appearing
in his van form, skidding to a halt. The rear doors open and Panther threw Nanako into the
back, jumping in behind her with her submachine gun laying down covering fire. Fox limped
into the back.

"Go, Mona, go!" Panther yelled, closing the doors.

"Where's Joker?" Nanako asked.

"Behind us, causing a distraction," Mona said.

"Alone!?"

The terror fueled Nanako's lead-legs enough for her to stand up and press her face against the
window. The smoke grenade had cleared and the Reaper was staring at Mona.

"I'm the one you want," Joker called from behind the Reaper. He stood there, dagger and gun
in hand, looking suave and cool and totally underpowered for a one-on-one battle with this
monster.

The Reaper slowly turned while Mona gunned forward.

"No! You can't! Go back for him, go back!"

"Sorry, Angel, it's part of the plan!"



She watched. It was only then that she saw it - the black rope that was running along the
ground, attached to Joker's waist. The Reaper leveled his gun and Joker pulled off his mask.
Arsene appeared and grasped his hand, tossing him into the air at the same moment the rope
went taut. Mona's speed and force pulled Joker forward through the air, above and away from
the Reaper. He flew in a dangerously fast arc, but cut himself from the rope and spun himself
in the air to land on Queen's awaiting bike. The bike accelerated, with Joker perched on the
back, firing his gun at the Reaper, grouping his shots into his face to once again cause him to
flinch.

Just enough to keep the Reaper from aiming, Nanako realized.

Mona made a hard turn and Nanako slid into the wall.

"We're almost there," he said.

The world turned inside out.

--

"Are you sure you're okay?" Ann asked for the eleventh time. The team was gathered at Big
Bang Burger. Nanako held her iced tea against her forehead.

"Yes, I told you, I'm fine. Just a headache."

The worst headache she'd ever felt, but a headache nonetheless. Anything else that should've
hurt from the injuries she sustained were non-existent.

"Mona, what was that thing?" Niijima asked. She had a small tray of fries in front of her that
she wasn't touching. Ryuuji had already stolen three.

"I don't know. It was strong, though. Stronger than anything we've seen."

"It's the Reaper," Nanako said.

"How do you know that?" Ren asked.

"I saw....I don't know, a memory, or something. I think it's existed in the Metaverse for a
while. I don't think it belongs to a Palace or a Palace ruler."

"It did smell old," Mona said. "There was definitely something very different about it than the
other shadows we've encountered."

"So there are yet still more mysteries in the Metaverse and Mementos," Yusuke said. He
sipped water from a plastic cup. He had added lemon and sugar packets from the free
condiments and swirled himself a strange lemonade. It couldn't have tasted very good.

"That's the last time we split up like that," Joker said. "We'll find another way to get stronger.
But we can't let anyone on the team be caught out of position again. Makoto's Persona allows
us more mobility than before, but..."



The team silently nodded.

"It's all right," Nanako said, reaching her hand across the table to rest on Ren's. "You didn't
know."

They locked eyes a moment. She could tell he wanted to say something like 'I should've
known' or 'I should have been stronger' or anything to shift the blame onto himself. But he
knew she was right.

He nodded.

She pulled her hand back.

Everyone pretended they didn't see her touch his hand.



Chapter 312: 6/22 - Evening
Chapter Summary

Gossip

Nanako had a hard time keeping her eyes focused on her studies. A day in Mementos,
especially one like that day, had that effect on her. But, the studying couldn't wait, so she
pressed on.

What she needed was a cold drink.

She got up and stepped into the hallway, then immediately stopped. Yu and Rise were talking
together on the couch. The TV was on, but the volume was low, and there was something
about the intensity of their voices that set Nanako on edge.

"We checked on her when you said we should," Yu said. "What else can we do? She said
everything was fine."

"It's Chie, she'd always say everything was fine."

"Because maybe it is?"

"But what if it isn't!"

"If she doesn't want to tell us about it, then there's not a lot else we can do," Yu said, trying to
appeal to Rise's sense of logic. Nanako wasn't sure why he was bothering, Rise thought with
her heart first. Logic was somewhere in fourth or fifth place.

"But we've hardly heard from her!"

"We don't hear from her that often. She's a cop in Tokyo. She's busy. And then there's that
guy she's been sorta seeing - the boxer one."

"Oh...that's true. Probably too busy having super athletic sex, huh?"

Yu laughed. "I'm guessing you already asked Yukiko."

"She said she didn't know the details either, just made some vague mentions of moving back
to Inaba."

"Moving back? That's surprising," Yu remarked.



"I thought so too, but Yukiko said she talks about it that with her a lot. Guess she's
homesick."

"I get that."

"Do you? You're homesick for Inaba? But you're from Tokyo."

"Sometimes I'm homesick for those younger times. And I used to miss Nanako."

"You're so sweet," Rise said, leaning onto his shoulder. "But seriously, if there's something
wrong with Chie-"

"I'll ask Naoto."

"Thank you~" Rise said, kissing his cheek.

"...was that what you wanted me to do the whole time?"

"What? Me? Try to manipulate the situation? I would never."

At this point Nanako decided to thud her feet loudly down the hall and into the kitchen,
pulling open the fridge with just a little bit too much force so that the bottles inside rattled.
The couple shifted in the couch and glanced over at her.

"Hey Nanako. Studying hard, or hardly studying?" Yu asked.

"If you've been taking joke lessons from my dad, may I suggest another teacher?" Nanako
said with a smirk.

"Ouch, burn, she just called you old," Rise said.

"I'm going to study a bit longer then go to bed."

"Good night," both of them called over. Nanako took her bottle of tea to her room and shut
the door.

So Chie hadn't told her big bro about the Kaneshiro problem. She supposed that made sense -
she'd want to protect them from an organized crime boss like that. And knowing both Yu and
Rise, they'd probably try and take him on.

The fact that Yu was going to go to Naoto was dangerous, though. Nanako would have to be
very, very careful.



Chapter 313: 6/23 - Morning
Chapter Summary

Old codger.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

"With all the rumors of crime and criminals in downtown Shibuya as of late, it would almost
seem wise to stay at home," Ushimaru-sensei said. "After all, in this modern world, you can
get practically anything from the comfort of your home. Entertainment, food, household
supplies, even friendship and love is all accessible from a computer or phone. But there is a
latent danger in allowing yourself to live like that."

Ushimaru scanned the classroom.

"Mishima, what's the danger in living like that?" he barked at the student. Mishima sat up
straight, startled.

"W-why are you asking me, sensei?"

There was giggling rippling through the classroom. Nanako frowned at her classmates for
giving into such simple bullying. Sure, Mishima spent a lot of time on his phone, but didn't
everyone? And he was at least spending most of his time on the Phansite, trying to save
people. It wasn't like he was holed up in his home, ordering sexy maids to come over to his
house or something.

"I'm asking you because it's my job to make sure you're paying attention. Which you clearly
aren't. Dojima-san, can you save poor Mishima?"

Nanako racked her mental file of everything they had learned recently. Her studies had
slackened a bit with everything else she had to do, but she honestly didn't remember
Ushimaru giving them a lecture about this. Sometimes he did this though - he would ask
questions about something he hadn't taught yet. In that sense, sometimes his classes felt more
like a game show. You had to know the information before you got there, which was pretty
backwards.

So she thought beyond what she knew of the lectures and dived into her brain for everything
she knew.

"Hikikomori," Nanako said just as she could see that Ushimaru was getting impatient. "You
could become a hikikomori."



"That's right. Withdrawn. A hermit. Unable to interact with the outside world. It was a
phenomenon first observed and studied here in Japan, but it exists all around the world. It
isn't conclusive if this is a result of modern technology, higher anxiety produced by society,
or both. Whatever it is, you should be careful. You have to walk the line between keeping
yourself out of youthful folly and not falling entirely into a world of your own making. Find
some hobbies. Make some wholesome friends. Study hard and join clubs and be a productive
member of society."

"Huh, kind of touching," Ren muttered.

"Touching?" Nanako whispered.

"Yeah. I think the old codger is trying to look out for us in his own, grumpy way."

Nanako nodded, thinking of her own grumpy old man. She should call him tonight.

Chapter End Notes

Ack, sorry!

The last few months have been a blur. Lots going on in a lot of ways, but honestly the
main problem is that I didn't properly plan for the next section of the story. As I've
mentioned before, this has been the biggest "hole" in my mental plan for the fanfiction,
and last time I fixed it by sitting down and doing some major outlining work. Well, then
I ran out of outline, and then in the few spare moments I had between everything else
when I wanted to write this story, I couldn't remember what I was supposed to do or
even what I WANTED to do.

But I fixed that, I spent about an hour this morning re-outlining the next chunk that
should get us all the way to the end of Kaneshiro's palace. I'm super excited about it, so
we should have more regular updates again!

ALSO, I've been working on an extra side project regarding this fanfiction. It's not quite
ready for me to share yet, but when it is I'll let you know.

Thanks for your patience and welcome back to anyone that forgot about this and is
coming back. I appreciate you all and I hope you're doing well in your own lives!



Chapter 314: 6/23 - Afternoon
Chapter Summary

Did somebody order some Ren/Nanako fluff?

"Do you think they might actually figure it out?" Ren asked. He and Nanako were walking
side by side down the street, each of them with a couple of shopping bags in hand. 

"Naoto is very smart. And they have experience in the Metaverse, even if I haven't worked
out exactly what it was. But I think I'm being paranoid. I mean, I can see all the pieces and
how they fit together, but nobody else can. Kanehsiro blackmailing Chie and Sanada-san
doesn't inherently have a connection to the Phantom Thieves." 

"Not yet," Ren pointed out. "But it will." 

"Right, but then that's a lot of back-tracking in an investigation. So I don't think that they'd be
able to figure it out before we actually change his heart," Nanako said trying to sound as
confident as possible. The statement floated between the two of them for a moment before
she turned to look at him. "...right?" 

Ren smirked at her need for his reassurance. 

"I agree with your assessment." 

"You agree with my assessment? Niijima's starting to rub off on you..." 

"She hasn't done anything like that...do you think she'd be interested?" 

It took a second for Nanako to understand. 

"T-that's not what I meant!" Nanako said, feeling the color rush to her cheeks. First she was
shocked and embarrassed. Then she got a little angry and started rushing ahead. 

"A joke, a joke," he said, easily catching up to her with his long stride. "It is my name after
all." 

Nanako just stared ahead, glowering. 

Ren swept ahead of her and blocked her path. 

"I'm sorry. It was a thoughtless, tasteless joke. I don't think of Niijima like that." 



"I wasn't-..." Nanako said, then cut herself off. Yes, actually, she was pretty sure she was
worried that Ren was thinking of Niijima like that. But he wasn't. She believed him. And
there was something about the vulnerability in his eyes as he waited for the answer to his
apology that softened Nanako's heart and dulled her anger. 

"...apology accepted." 

Ren smiled.  They continued walking. 

"So if we don't think the Detective King or your brother is going to figure it out...what are we
doing right now?" 

"Making sure they don't figure it out. Also I'm worried about Chie. This has to be incredibly
stressful for her." 

"So the way to help her is to have this massive amount of groceries?" 

"I wasn't going to buy quite so many, honestly, but then you offered to tag along and be my
manual labor, so I figured I'd stock her up on some essentials. Chie's not the greatest at taking
care of herself. She's probably been alternating between eating out and microwave meals,"
Nanako said. 

"You're just going to barge in there and start cooking?" 

"Yep! That's actually what my mom calls it - 'the Barge.' Because sometimes people don't
know what they need and you just have to barge in and give it to them, even if they're
protesting about it." 

"It's the aggressive mother stereotype used for good," Ren said. 

"It's how she won my father over." 

They arrived at Chie's building, and thanks to luck and Ren's ridiculous quickness, they
caught the front door as someone else was leaving through the front. The pair of them got
onto the elevator and rode it up and Ren walked with her to Chie's front door. 

"You want to stick around?" Nanako asked. 

"I have something else to do. Besides, I don't want to be a distraction for whatever it is you
got planned." 

"Oh so you think you distract me, do you?" 

"I know I do." 

Nanako's heart fluttered. Ren reached out and handed her the two bags he was carrying. She
had to twist her fingers around a few times to get ahold of them. 

"Well thanks for helping me carry-" 



Ren put his arms around her and pulled her close to his chest. Nanako was speechless, and
frozen in place. She wanted to hug him back, but the groceries were too heavy and awkward.
She also had the sense that he wanted it like this. 

"Sorry," he muttered. 

"Don't be," she said. Her face was pressed against his chest, and she breathed in his scent.
She could feel his nose resting on the top of her head as he did the same with her hair. 

"Ahem," came a third voice. Chie's voice. 

"Gotta run," Ren whispered. He released Nanako as quickly as he had embraced her, and
before she could say anything else, he was down the hall and around the corner. He went
straight past the elevator, so maybe he was going for the stairs? 

"Who's that?" Chie demanded. "Wait a second...I recognize him. He's the guy I caught
loitering around. The day you weren't in school when you were supposed to be!" 

Nanako turned to Chie. Then she made a face. 

"You look awful," Nanako said out of instinct. This seemed to derail Chie's protective-older-
sister mode. She had bags under her eyes, her hair was a mess, and she was wearing
sweatpants and a t-shirt that had grease stains on it from some past meal. 

"Don't try and avoid the conversation, young lady!" 

"I'm not, but geez, Chie, you really need to put some basic effort into maintaining yourself." 

"What, I'm at home, this is comfortable!" 

"Your sweatpants have a hole in the crotch." 

"They do not-...oh, they do." 

Nanako needed to press her attack while she had the momentum. While Chie was examining
her damaged sweatpants, Nanako completed the Barge by...well, barging in. 

"Hey!" 

Nanako swept into Chie's small kitchen and set the groceries on the counter.

"How many microwave meal boxes am I going to find in this trash bin?" 

"N-not that many! What are you, my mom? Did Yu send you? I told him I was fine, I don't
need to be doted on." 

"Twelve! There's twelve boxes in here! Do you see how much sodium is in these things?" 

"It's just energy for work, why does that matter, I do plenty of exercise. And you're still
avoiding the fact that you were canoodling with a boy in front of my door!" 



"Canoodling?" 

"Yes!" 

"He's uh...just a friend." 

"I never hugged my friends like that." 

Nanako opened up the cupboard. 

"Where's your pans...do these pans have dust on them? Seriously?" 

"Who's the boy?!" 

"Just someone from school, why are you making a big deal about this? Am I supposed to live
like a chaste nun my entire life? Are you like my bro, still thinking I'm seven years old?" 

That came out a little more irritated than she meant to, Nanako realized. But the words sunk
true.

"You're right. I'm sorry. You're a young lady, it's expected...it'd actually be bad if you were
afraid of that stuff. You might end up a giant trash fire of a person, like me." 

"Now you stop that. Go take a shower, I'm making dinner." 

Nanako pulled open her curtains, hoping to get some light. Except that her window just
looked out to another nearby apartment building, gray and lifeless. No wonder Chie kept it
closed. Nanako closed it. 

"I hope you brought meat," Chie grumbled as she head off to shower. 

 



Chapter 315: 6/23 - After School
Chapter Summary

The strength of heart to face one's self has blah blah blah.

"This is really good," Chie said through her mouthful of ramen.

"I'm glad to hear it."

"I'm still mad that you're here," she said with a slurp. Nanako ignored it and ate her small
portion slowly. The point of making the food was so that Chie could have it for a few days,
but she also knew that Chie would make her eat some. So she took as small a portion as she
thought she could get away with and just focused on eating it slowly.

"I guess I'm not mad. Irritated," Chie corrected herself.

“Am I that irritating?”

“It’s not that. It’s just all…backwards. I mean you’re like a little sister to me. I’m supposed to
be the one looking after you. You’ve done enough of looking after people. I shouldn’t be
adding on to your burdens.”

“I’m a little sister to a lot of people,” Nanako pointed out. “But I’m not that little anymore.”

“I didn’t mean it like that.”

“I know,” Nanako said, setting her chopsticks aside. “But you’ve done plenty of looking out
for me over the years. If I tried to list it all out, we’d be here all day. It’s okay for me to return
the favor in the small ways that I can.”

Chie slowed her eating and stared down into the bowl. She had taken a shower and put on
fresh clothes and looked a bit better. But she looked more fragile than Nanako had ever seen
her.

“It’s all falling apart, Nanako.”

“What is?”

“My whole life. Everything I’ve worked for was to get to this place - an officer for the Tokyo
Metropolitan Police. It didn’t even really bother me that I was just a street cop, I was helping
people. I was using the few skills I have to make a difference, like back when-”

She stopped herself.



“Back when?”

“Nevermind,” she said. “The point is…something happened at work. And now I’m about to
lose it all.”

Nanako nodded slowly, measuring her next move carefully. She knew why Chie was in
trouble, but she couldn’t let on that she did.

“I’m sure whatever it is you did was an honest mistake. You’ve been working for them for
years, it’s not like they’re going to kick you out right away.”

“It’s bad, Nanako. And please don’t tell anyone, you’re the only person I’ve told…I…I don’t
even know why I’m telling you.”

“I don’t believe it,” Nanako said. “Whatever happened, you’re not bad. You’d never do
anything wrong. Even if you broke the law or something, it would be for a good reason - to
protect someone or something. Right?”

“I…yes. I did.”

“Then…then the system is corrupt if it doesn’t vindicate you!” Nanako declared. “If a good
person doing a good thing is punished, then maybe the whole thing is wrong!”

“Nanako, please, don’t think like that. Yes, some things aren’t as good as they could be, but
don’t start thinking the solution is to burn everything to the ground. I got myself into the
mess. Yes, I did something for a good reason, but I made that choice. And choices have
consequences.”

“But if what you did was right then you shouldn’t feel ashamed of it!”

“Even if the choice was right, and I should be holding my head up in pride, I just don’t feel it
right now. I feel like I lost. I feel like whatever made me special is gone now.”

A heavy silence sat with them at the table.

“You’re special because you’re you, Chie. Not because of who you are to other people.”

Chie shuddered at those words. And then she started chuckling quietly to herself.

“The same lesson again, eh? Have I forgotten the facade used to overcome life’s
hardships…”

“Huh?”

“It’s nothing,” Chie said, finally looking up from the bowl. “Thanks, Nanako. For reminding
me of something I had forgotten.”

“So you feel better?”

Chie shrugged. “I’m less hungry and stinky. I’m still sad that my career is probably over.”



“But you have a hot boyfriend.”

“He’s not my boyfriend!...and speaking of…”

Uh oh, Nanako realized. Tactical mistake.

“Who is that boy and does your brother know he’s walking you around Tokyo? I know your
father doesn’t because he’d be here by now.”

“H-hey wait a second, this isn’t about me…”

“It is now. Spill!”

“He’s…just a friend! I swear!”

–

SOCIAL LINK RANK UP

The Sun: Chie Satonaka

Level 2



Chapter 316: 6/23 - Evening
Chapter Summary

Marin karin.

"I honestly don't see the problem."

"You wouldn't," Akihiko said with a smile, bringing the tea cup to his lips. It was high quality
tea, but of course it would be.

"Your dedication to the Metropolitan Police, and by proxy the Japanese government, is
foolish and ill-founded. I never understood that choice, especially after all we saw."

"I don't suppose you'd accept that I wanted to change things from the inside?"

"How has that gone for you?"

"Point taken, Miss President."

Mitsuru Kirijo set down her tea cup and crossed her arms.

The two of them were in the back of Mitsuru's limousine. A tray of elegant tea was set
between them, as well as several petit-fours that looked like they had been freshly baked and
that Mitsuru had no intention of eating. The limo moved steadily through the Tokyo traffic,
starting and stopping with such smooth control that it didn't jostle the tea that much.

"If you're worried about finding a job, don't. You can be head of security for the Kirijo
Group. I've been meaning to find a replacement. And I'm sure I can pay you at least double
whatever it is you're making now. In fact, just quit now and we can be rid of that horrible
chapter in your life."

"That's very kind of you, Mitsuru. And if I have to take you up on it, I will. I'm not so
prideful as to ignore that. But it's not me I'm worried about."

Akihiko watched as Mitsuru's face softened, just a little. Mitsuru had grown even more
imperious over the years. It was both admirable and a little frightening, but that was what was
needed to save the Kirijo Group after her father had driven it into the ground. Now not only
was the company respectable again, it was profitable.

And he knew it hadn't been an easy road for her.

"The other officer?"



"Yeah. Chie. She doesn't have a mega-rich friend to pick her up when she falls. She's worked
really hard to get into the force, and now she's going to lose it because I took stupid risks.
She's from the countryside, and she's thinking of moving back there. It feels like I've robbed
her of her dream."

The table rattled as Mitsuru leaned forward unexpectedly. Akihiko blinked in surprise, her
face suddenly so close to his.

"You're in love with her."

"What? No. No. That's impossible. You know that. She's just..."

"She's just the first person that has made you open up your heart since Kotone died."

Akihiko shut his eyes.

"It's okay to say her name, you know," Mitsuru said.

"I never do."

"I miss her, too. But do you think this is what she wanted for you? To live in the echo of a
relationship that lasted less than a year for the rest of your life?"

"Its not fair. That echo of a relationship was all she ever had. It was such a short time, and it
was all she ever had. For me to get more doesn't seem right."

"That's insulting, Akihiko Sanada. She sacrificed whatever she had left to make sure the rest
of us got more. The whole world, yes. But us, specifically. Do not even try to deny that, or I'll
execute you where you sit."

Akihiko took a shuddering breath.

"You love this girl, Chie. She's just as brave and stupid as you are, just as foolishly idealistic,
and just as kind-hearted and good. Show me a picture of her."

"I don't have a pic-"

"Show me!"

Akihiko felt his cheeks warm as he dug into his pocket for his phone. There was one picture
he had taken of Chie on the sly - right before the Kaneshiro case fell apart. It wasn't anything
special - just her walking into the station in uniform, a smile of satisfaction on her face. It had
felt creepy to take it, and he knew he should probably delete it, but he just couldn't find it in
himself to do so.

"She's adorable. And fit. Perfect for you."

Akihiko put his phone away quickly. "Okay, maybe I am starting to get attached to her."

"It's been eleven years, Akihiko. It's time."



"I'm not sure how interested she's going to be in dating me now that I've destroyed her
career..."

"As head of security, you would have hiring authority. Bring her aboard, if you think she'd be
a good fit."

Akihiko smirked. "The president's heart has become so soft over the years."

"That's not my fault," she said.

The limousine came to a stop at a curb and the door popped open on Mitsuru's side. Three
large shopping bags with designer names on it came crashing in.

"Hoo! Sorry that took so long, but the fitting wasn't going very well I'm going to have to
come back again in a couple of days, can you believe that? I'm barely going to be ready for
the premiere. Oh, and I guess I got a little distracted looking through the lingerie section, but
I thought we could-...oh, hey Akihiko."

"Hi, Yukari."

"Anyway, I thought we could make up for some lost time tonight with some special outfits~"
Yuakri continued.

Akihiko pressed the heel of his palm to his eyes.

"You don't have to be quite this comfortable around me, you know."

"Don't mind him," Mitsuru said, draping a long arm around her adorable wife. "He's in love
and he's trying to deflect it."

"He is!? Tell me all about it!"

The limo pulled away from the curb and drove on.



Chapter 317: 6/24 - Lunch
Chapter Summary

New request.

"Ah man, I forgot my lunch money," Ryuji complained, kicking the vending machine.

"Go in and get the cafeteria lunch, then," Ann said.

"I don't wanna walk all the way back in there, I just got here."

"Don't come crying to me later when you're starving," Ann said.

"Gimme a bite of yours."

"No!" Ann held it above her head. Ryuji tried to grab for it but was met with a swift kick in
the gut.

"Damnit," he grunted, falling back onto the bench.

"Here," Nanako said, pushing the bento box with the four onigiri in it.

"Oh man, thanks Nanako!" Shamelessly , he grabbed two.

"Don't be a pig! And don't feed him, Nanako, he'll never learn!"

"I made way too much anyway, I don't want it to go to waste," Nanako said simply.

She smiled.

It was weird that amongst all the things they did as the Phantom Thieves that it was the
mundane that Nanako treasured the most.

Pi pi pi

> Moriko: Can I call you? It's important.

Automatically, Nanako got to her feet and walked away from her friends, pressing the call
button next to Moriko's number.

"Hey, Moriko, what's up?"

"You haven't seen Sano, have you?"



Nanako cringed. She had been actively avoiding Sano since the disastrous
confession/confrontation that had happened at the shop.

"I haven't really seen him, but-"

"Then it's true. He's in trouble," Moriko said.

Nanako felt like she swallowed a stone. It was hard to breathe, and she felt like her heart was
racing out of control. She took two long deep breaths to try and settle herself.

"What makes you say that?"

"I can't get in contact with him. And...well, we had some back-up ways, in case something
like this happened, you know? He always knew that if his dad found out he might get
grounded and get his phone taken and all that. So we made a system just so he could signal
me that he's okay."

"But he didn't signal you."

"No."

"Could it be that...I dunno, the signal is broken?"

"No. It's very, very simple. I gave him a piece of lace and all he has to do is hang it out his
window."

"Maybe he's sick," Nanako said, knowing that she was just trying to convince herself more
than anything.

"He'll send him somewhere," Moriko said. "To the countryside. Maybe to a program or a
relative or something. Or..."

"Moriko," Nanako said, steadying her voice, trying to focus whatever it was Nanako had
inside her that made people listen. Whatever the thing that Ren saw in her, that ill-defined
way she could get people to open up - it needed to be at full power. "What aren't you telling
me?"

"His dad....has been violent in the past."

Nanako clenched her jaw. "How?"

"Bruises. But that was a long time ago. I'm not even sure if his dad is strong enough to hurt
Sano now..."

"Don't worry, Moriko," Nanako said. "I'll make sure he's okay."

"...how?"

"I...I don't know yet. But I promise he'll be fine. Call me if you hear from him, okay?"



"I will. Thank you."

Nanako hung up and spun around. Ryuji and Ann were still bickering, with Ren sitting
between them. He had, for some reason, removed his glasses, and had his legs crossed. His
phone was in his hand.

Their eyes met. He nodded, just once, then pushed "send" on his phone. Nanako, Ryuji, and
Ann's phones all chimed at once in the group text.

>REN: Meet at the hideout after school

"Thank you," Nanako mouthed.



Chapter 318: 6/24 - After School
Chapter Summary

Vote.

"So...that's why I think we need to intervene in this sitaution," Nanako concluded. She felt
exhausted, and the warm air in the accessway of the station wasn't helping. Summer heat was
just starting to ramp up and already it was making the train station stuffier than usual. Or
maybe she was just heated from all the talking.

And the fear.

Every agonizing second was another second where Sano might be in danger. She didn't want
to discuss it and vote. She wanted to jump into the Metaverse and solve it. Now.

And damnit, she was parched.

As if reading her mind, Ann slipped out a plastic water bottle and handed it to Nanako. She
unsnapped the top and drank while the others thought.

"God damn parents, tryin' to control your kid's life...he had his life, Sano should get to live
his!" Ryuji pounded his fist into his palm. "I vote yes."

"Me too. Sano's a good guy and his father is way rude and way out of line," Ann said.

"I know too well what it's like to have a patriarchal figure dictating your life. I vote yes,"
Yusuke added.

"I'm sorry, I guess I don't understand how this relates to our current mission?"

Of course. Niijima.

"What do you mean?" Nanako asked, trying to sound measured.

"We have only just scratched the surface of infiltrating Kaneshiro's palace. And according to
Morgana, this one is a lot more complex than the ones you've done before...and we are on a
time limit. This is time that we should be using to advance our infiltration route."

"Someone is in danger," Nanako emphasized.

"Yes, multiple people are in danger. You're friends with that other officer, aren't you? Are you
going to risk her safety for someone else's?"



"She would never forgive me if I didn't," Nanako spat back. She shoved the water back into
Ann's hand and turned to Ren. "This is ridiculous. Can we go already?"

"That's not the rule. Unanimous, or we don't go," Ren said, surprisingly even. Cold.

No, not Ren. Joker.

"But!..."

"This is why we have the rule. We can't let emotions alone dictate our actions. Makoto didn't
say she voted no, she is just asking questions."

Nanako shut her eyes and took a very loud, very obvious calming breath. It did help, a little.

"Sorry. You're right. Continue."

"I see where you're coming from, tactically speaking," Morgana added, his paw raised up so
he could lick at it. "But stealing the heart of a target like this isn't like Kaneshiro. The palace
will not be well-established, if at all. It'll be a simpler matter of locating the treasure and
taking it. Not to mention that the last time we did this, we learned some important lessons
and honed our skills. Kaneshiro's palace is tricky, but we may gain insight from a new
perspective."

Thank you, Mona! Nanako thought.

"My vote is yes," he added.

"Yes, well put. My vote is yes as well," Niijima added. She looked over at Nanako, perhaps
hoping to smooth things over.

Nanako didn't meet her gaze.

"It's unanimous, then," Ren said, pulling his phone out.

"It's Showtime."



Chapter 319: 6/24 - Mementos
Chapter Summary

Leather dad.

"Helllllll yeah!"

Skull torqued his entire body into the golf-swing like blow, hitting the shadow so hard that its
head ripped clean off its shoulders. He was standing on the back of Queen's
motorbike/Persona while it shot straight forward at full speed.

He used the rest of the motion of his swing to turn himself upward and into the air, landing on
top of the Mona-bus. Queen got onto the saddle and did a similar jump just before Johanna
evaporated into blue fire.

"Try to conserve energy, Skull," Nanako snapped over their comms from the back seat of the
Monabus. She sat in the back with Fox with Panther in the front and Joker at the wheel.
"We're still not even at the target. Who knows how long we'll have to twist our way through
Mementos?"

"Psh, you're just jealous that move was so badass," Skull quipped.

"Angel's right. Taking out these shadows is necessary, but it'll be for nothing if we're gassed
out by the time we reach the objective," Queen said.

"Eh, you two are no fun," Skull grumbled. "But fine, I'll be efficient or whatever."

Nanako almost said a thank you to Queen, but decided against it.

"How far are we?" Nanako asked.

"Gotta be close," Mona said through the radio speakers. "I can smell leather..."

"Hey," Panther's said softly. Nanako looked up to meet her eyes. "We got this. It'll be okay."

"I know. I know. I just..."

"Look sharp, Phantom Thieves," Joker ordered. "Mona, let us off."

Mona burst into smoke, transforming back to his thief form. The rest of the team landed
gracefully, weapons at the ready.

"Oh my God, what is all this?" Panther asked, disgusted.



Like with Nakanohara, Mementos was being rebuilt in the elder Sano's image, corrupted by
his desires - and like Nakanohara it wasn't yet the strength of a palace. Mementos had
transformed to the street in Ueno, but like it was hundreds of years ago when it first was a
hub of craftsmanship. The buildings along the street were hazy and muddled, unimportant
details. At the end of the street was the Sano leatherwork shop in full clarity.

But that wasn't what Panther was talking about.

She was looking at the cow skins. The streets were lined with the skinned hides all laid out in
various stages of the tanning process. Some were still dripping with blood. Some looked like
they had missed a step somewhere and were rotting, swarmed with flies. Others were fine
pieces of leather, almost ready to be worked.

"Tanning," Nanako said. "This is what they do to make the leather."

"Really? The poor little cowies..."

"You ate a burger before we met at the hideout, "Skull pointed out.

"So?"

"Those are also poor little cowies."

"Yeah well!-...that's kind of a good point. God, I think I'm a vegetarian now...why does it
smell so bad?"

"Because the whole thing has become rotten," Joker said. "Angel."

"Hm?"

"This is your show. Take point."

Nanako blinked, then took several quick steps over to Joker, speaking so only they could
hear. "What, seriously?"

"He's your friend."

"But...what you were saying about emotion and passion and..."

"The decision has already been made. Passion is what is going to win this fight. So take
point. You can do it. Pick your team."

Nanako turned around and looked at the expectant Thieves. Unlike the palaces, they didn't
have a lot of intel on what would be coming up. Obviously the leatherworking and clinging
to the past were themes of the elder Sano's twisting of the Metaverse, which would affect
how his shadow-self would manifest. But what would that be? A samurai? A leather
monster? Another king or lord figure?

Flexibility was the name of the game. With the Compendium, Nanako had the capacity to
react to a bunch of different situations. So did Joker, as the Wild Card.



"The team is myself, Joker, Panther and..."

Her gaze rested on Queen. She was strong, quick-witted, her Persona seemed to have a
variety of spells, and she had high-mobility. In a lot of ways, she was similar to Joker.

"...Mona," she said.

"Queen, lead the rear guard," Joker said.

"On it."

"Great, she's going to boss me around again...." Skull grumbled.

"There's no sense in complaining, it is clear to everyone that you enjoy being told what to
do," Fox said.

"What the hell is that supposed to mean!?"

"What's the play?" Joker said.

"Keep your eyes open," Nanako said, and started forward.

Walking straight in was maybe not the cleverest idea she could have come up with. But she
knew the real leatherwork shop and there weren't a lot of secret entrances or hidden corners.
That might change in the Metaverse, of course, but she didn't think so. Both Sano the elder
and the younger were direct people. There was no need for trickery when open combat would
do just nicely.

Or at least, that's what Nanako hoped.

What if she was wrong? What if because they were direct people they should be taking a
clever approach? She glanced at Joker.

Should she ask?

Was this the pressure he felt all the time?

She set her gaze ahead and marched on.

"Do you hear that?" Panther asked as they approached. "It sounds like..."

"Sano," Nanako whispered.

The store was clearer now, though it wasn't like Nanako remembered it. The leather goods
were gone, as well as the tools, the counters, the register.

Instead, there was a cage. The cage had the cognition version of Sano in it. He wore tattered
rags and was hunched over in the corner - the cage was too small for him to stand or lay
down.

"Help...moo..."



"Oh my God," Panther gasped. Nanako could see it too - Sano was not fully human. He had
the ears and tail of a cow.

"It's okay Sano, we're going to get you out," Nanako said immediately. It was a cognition
version of him - not real. She knew that. And yet his low moaning of pain was too real for her
to ignore.

"So, the harlots come once again to steal what is rightfully mine," a distorted voice called out.
They turned to see the elder Sano behind them. He was taller than he was in real life with
bulging muscles. He had no shirt, but was clad in a leather apron and had bands of leather
wrapped around his arms, shoulders, and legs. He had an orante leather headband that
accented the yellow of his eyes.

"Is this how you see him?" Nanako demanded. "Your own son as nothing more than materials
for your craft?"

"This is what he made himself," Shadow Sano the Elder snarled. "He gave up on the true
ways to indulge in his perverted fantasies. If he cannot follow properly in my guidance, then
he shall be made into a tool. He will suffer here until his transformation into leather is
complete!"

Nanako wondered if this was an analogy of some kind - if in the real world Sano was going
to be separated from the rest of the world until he was willing to give into his father's will.

"You bastard!" Panther rushed ahead, anger overtaking her. She lashed out with her whip,
perfectly aimed at Shadow Sano's eye.

A leather band from his shoulder snapped up like a striking viper and strangled the end of the
whip, pulling it taut.

"I see the time for talk has passed. Now is the time for your submission!"

The leather bands around him lashed out towards the Phantom Thieves.



Chapter 320: 6/24 - Mementos

In one smooth motion, Nanako drew, and fired. Six shots in even succession, fired with cool
efficiency.

One of Shadow Sano's bands moved in a slow, deliberate arc.

"Behold the even precision of my studwork," the Shadow said with a laugh. One of the
leather bands had intercepted every shot - not only protecting him from Nanako's attack, but
turning her bullets into leather studs, perfectly spaced apart.

"Precision craftsmanship is important, it is what sets apart the art from industry."

A plume of smoke erupted at Shadow Sano's feet. Two blurs whipped by and into the smoke,
diving headlong at the leather warrior - Joker and Mona. Shadow Sano's leather bands spun
faster, clearing the smoke. Mona was mid-leap when two leather bands caught him, one
wrapping tight around his sword hand while the other caught his torso and lifted him into the
air.

Four bands swiped at Joker, trying to ensare him, but the Phantom Thieves leader was too
quick, tumbling over and sliding under the grasping strips. He found an opening and dove
forward with his dagger aimed at Shadow Sano's throat. Another strip of leather slithered
across his body and stretched out to block at his neck. The knife caught into the band but
couldn't pierce through it.

"Leather is a remarkable material, isn't it? It can be as supple and smooth as butter or hard as
iron. And in m world, I can change its density with a simple thought!"

A mass of leather tentacles swarmed at Joker, and once again he dodged, but it was a fake out
- it went past Joker and went straight for Panther, who was still trying to detangle her whip
from the rest of the leather.

"No, Panther look out!" Nanako cried, running forward and swinging the Compendium with
all her might to strike the leather bands. One snapped around the Compendium. There was a
high-pitched metallic whistle as Joker fired his grappling hook and used it to rush through the
air, trying to swoop in and save Panther.

Instead, they both got caught, leather swarming around both their bodies, pinning their hands
to their sides and holding them in mid-air. He lifted Panther in front of his gaze.

"Look at this vulgar outfit. Latex is unnatural, a creation of man made of chemicals that were
never supposed to be molded into clothing. Leather could be used for this, and yet I am glad
it is not."

"Iza- oof!"



Nanako was struck in the gut before she could summon her Persona, throwing her across the
ground while at the same time having the Compendium wrenched from her hands.

"Now this..." Shadow Sano said, examining the leather carrying strap that Satoishi had made
for her. "This is fine craftsmanship. It is a shame it is being used for such a petty and
pointless purpose."

"Persona!"

Both Shadow Sano and Nanako looked up to the roof of one of the Metaverse buildings. The
haunting metallic chime of Johanna's engine filled the air, with Queen riding off the top of
the building in a daring jump. Johanna's wheels were spinning up, gathering the flashing blue
energy of her atomic attacks. On the back of the bike was once again Skull, who jumped at
Shadow Sano with pipe in hand, aiming it to crash down on the crown of his head.

The nuclear magic blast shot out and landed true on Shadow Sano's torso, causing him to
stumble back in pain, though his concentration didn't falter enough to drop the rest of the
team. Though he was damaged, it had the unfortunate side effect of now putting Skull's attack
out of position, and he slammed his pipe into the ground, cracking it with the force of his
impact.

Leather snaked between his legs and pulled him into his back before wrapping him up.
Johanna vanished from beneath Queen's legs and returned to her mask as she readied her iron
knuckles to land a blow.

The leather lifted Skull and Joker up as a shield. Queen didn't foresee this and had to abort
her attack, crashing as harmlessly into her teammates as she could manage. More leather
swept up to entangle her.

"Ah, see?" Shadow Sano said, holding Queen up for display. "Now this is leather worked in a
way that is both appealing and functional. The form-fitting shape might be considered sexy
by many, but it serves a specific purpose in providing aerodynamic protection for the wearer,
important for those who ride motorcycles."

"Do you ever stop talking about leather?" Nanako asked, picking herself up off the ground.

"Obsession is the only path to mastery," he said.

Nanako raised her gun. Shadow Sano's form, she realized, was becoming more and more
leather, and less and less human. It seemed impossible that so many leather bands could come
from his leather-daddy outfit, and she was right. He was now raised ten feet into the air on a
writhing mass of leather tentacles. It was nauseating to stare at.

Nanako fired as the more of the leather streaked at her. She was able to knock some of the
tendrils away, but one snapped across her hands painfully, knocking the gun aside. She
immediately leapt backward to gain some distance, gritting her teeth.

There was a sudden slash of light, followed by a dozen more.



Fox slid his katana back into its scabbard, though he kept his hand on the hilt and his body
prepared to move.

All at once, like a dramatic scene from an samurai anime, the twelve or so leather bands that
had reached for Nanako landed on the ground, severed from their master. The bands flailed
about before dissolving into inky shadow.

"I see...impressive," Shadow Sano said. "Finally, an enemy who understands the depths of
concentration required to achieve mastery of something."

"What you are doing is not concentration. Obsession is not the path to mastery - it is the path
to the loss of humanity. And you must turn away from your wicked way before you lose
yourself to it forever," Fox boomed.

"Your blade is sharp enough to sever my leather, but it will only do so if your stroke is
perfect," Shadow Sano countered. "If you falter even a moment, you will be overwhelmed."

"Then I shall have to make every stroke perfect. Goemon! Let us show them the focus of a
painter!"

A tsunami of leather tried to circle them, but Fox and Goemon both drew their blades. It was
a dance of steel, severing leather in every direction, creating a rain of fallen tips and puddles
of melting shadow all around them.

Nanako tried to take a deep breath to concentrate. There was a rising panic in her mind that
was threatening to swallow up every rational thought she still had - panic that she was a
terrible leader, that she had led the team into danger, that they might all die or get hurt
because of this. Fox and Goemon had Shadow Sano at a standstill for the moment, but it was
a purely defensive position. They had to counter attack.

But how? She didn't have the Compendium.

No, wait. She had been about to summon Izanagi before she lost it, so...

"Keep this up, Fox, I have a plan."

"I knew you would, Angel. Not one band of leather shall cross this line until you say so."

She smiled at Fox's back. She reached up and touched her comms.

"Mona, Queen, I'm going to need a ride."

"What? We can't get out of this," Queen said, confused.

"You'll know when. Just wait for it. Ready Fox?"

"Ready."

"Now!"



Nanako charged forward and Fox and Goemon with her. The leather swarm tried to get them
from behind, but Goemon's huge strikes created a sphere of protection while Fox struck down
everything that got past him. Nanako watched Shadow Sano's grip on her friends intently.

"Izanagi!"

Izanagi shot ahead of her, holding its blade back to unleash an incredibly powerful strike.
Shadow Sano reacted how she had hoped he would - by moving the two closest members of
the Phantom Thieves in front to use as a shield. Joker and Queen.

Nanako shut her eyes in concentration, focusing on looking only through Izanagi's vision.
Izanagi struck - with ferocity and precision, cutting away the leather bands that held them in
place without making contact with them. Both Queen and Joker slipped forward and rolled
into a combat stance.

Nanako looked up.

"Now, Mona!"

Mona, who had been held above Shadow Sano, grunted in concentration, then transformed.
The leather, which had been holding the cat-boy, suddenly had to tangle with Mona's catbus
form. It was too big and too heavy, flinging the bonds aside and leaving the massive vehicle
careening down at Shadow Sano.

"Johanna!"

Nanako jumped on the back of the bike, looking at Joker.

"Get the others and soften him up, we'll be right back. Queen, that way!"

Queen shot forward, away from the battle. Meanwhile, the swarming mass of leather had
gathered to try and catch the Monabus.

"You think I'm that predictable!?" Mona called out with his cackling laugh. He transformed
back, sliding between a gap in the thicker strands of leather Shadow Sano had summoned to
catch the bus. With his incredible agility, he swung himself across the network of leather.

"Zorro!"

He and Zorro brought their blades down to free Panther.

"Allow me, Lady Ann."

"Mona, thank you!"

"Fox, follow me. Matador!"

Matador and Goemon plunged into the fray, cutting back leather while Joker and Fox reached
in and pulled Skull from the mass.



"Oh God, I couldn't breathe," Skull said. "What the hell is this guy doing!? In fact...where's
the guy?"

Skull was right. Shadow Sano was completely gone now. It was nothing but the writhing pile
of leather, which had seemingly consumed him and everything else around him. The pile was
twenty feet high and seemed to be spreading.

"Skull, shoot these down!" Nanako called over the comm. Skull drew his shot gun and looked
up. Queen and Nanako rode by on the bike, with Nanako hurling four large jugs into the air
as they did. Skull fired, his shot gun bursting each one over the pile.

It rained leatherworking oil.

"Panther!"

"You got it. Dance with me, Carmen!"

Carmen's super-heated intense flames struck true, lighting much of the oil on fire, spreading
it across the whole of the writhing mess. It seemed to be crying out in pain, and halted its
attacks...but was it working?

"Remember, we can't kill him," Joker said. "We have to steal his treasure!"

"Where is it?" Fox asked.

"I...I don't know, I can't detect it..." Mona said.

And then it clicked in Nanako's head.

"I do. But we need to get this mass of leather off of him."

"...I have an idea for that. But I'll need your assistance, Lady Ann," Mona said.

"Me?" she asked. "Sure, but-"

"Just follow my lead."

And with that, the Metaverse shifted.

To Nanako's surprise, the Metaverse version of the Ueno street was replaced by a beautiful
field of flowers. Panther and Mona were facing across from each other, with Mona holding a
huge bouquet.

"A lovely gift for a lovely lady," he said, holding out the bouquet.

"Aw, how sweet...I'll make sure it's put to good use!"

Panther reached into the bouquet and pulled out a pair of submachine guns. The pair of them
then leapt into the air, raining down bullets onto the burning, writhing mass of leather. The
bouquet transformed in Mona's hand into a comically large, bowling-ball like bomb.



"And now for a grand finale!"

Mona threw the bomb. The two of them landed, striking a pose, while the bomb exploded
behind them.

The Metaverse shifted again, removing the beautiful field. But the explosion had been quite
real, and there was now a huge gap in the writhing mass of leather.

Nanako clung onto Joker.

"I need to get in there."

He only nodded, put his arm around her, and with the other, raised his grappling hook. The
two swung through the air and then dove into the pile.

Behind them, out of earshot of both of them, Skull muttered.

"When are these two just gonna start going out already?"

"It does seem like they are a good match," Fox noted.

"Give it time, I think it's almost there," Panther said.

Queen didn't know what to say, so said nothing.



Chapter 321: 6/24 - Mementos

It was hot inside the mound of leather. It wriggled here too, but not as much as the outer
layers, where the flames chewed away relentlessly. Bitter smoke plumed all around them.
Nanako was glad this was the Metaverse, because that kind of smoke definitely had to be
toxic.

It was quiet inside. The ultra-muscular Shadow Sano had shrunk. He no longer looked like he
lusted for battle. He sat on the ground, cross-legged.

He was cradling the Compendium, running his fingers along the bands of the belts.

"It's...Satoishi's..."

"It's beautiful work," Nanako said gently. Shadow Sano the Elder looked up, seemingly
surprised, as if he had forgotten Nanako was there.

"It is...and he made this for you?"

"Yes," she said. "For my strange book. I guess he thought it was a book of spells...which I
guess it kind of is."

"Cosplay," Shadow Sano the Elder muttered.

"Yeah. Something like that."

She knelt across from him.

"You know he doesn't love cosplay for cosplay. He loves cosplay because it's a new way for
people to appreciate leatherwork. He is frustrated by the quality of some leather costumes or
the fake leather used. He wants to show the importance of the craftsmanship to a community
that...well, has a lot of money."

"I don't want to lose him," Shadow Sano the Elder whispered. "It's painful, watching your
children grow up. Watching them form their own opinions, make their own path. And I'm not
the easiest father to get along with."

"Have you ever hit him?"

"No. God, no, I would...no..."

Nanako nodded, slowly. Perhaps Moriko had that detail wrong, or she had jumped to a
conclusion. Either way, Shadows didn't lie, as far as she knew.

"He's more like you than you think. He's just going about it a different way. If you don't
accept that, you'll definitely lose him."

"Yes...yes. I see that now. I've clung too long to past things...dead things."



"Not dead. Just growing."

"I must change...before it is too late..."

The nest of leather unraveled, melting into the inky material of Mementos. The shop, the
streets, the vision of Ueno past, the cognitive Sano-Cow, it all fell away. Sano the Elder
handed Nanako the Compendium.

"My thanks, Phantom Thieves."

The mini-palace faded, and with it, so did Sano the Elder.

"What happened?" Skull asked. "Where was the treasure?"

"He had it all along," Nanako said, looking at the Compendium. Somehow it
had...transcended the barriers of what it was. It was Compendium, but also treasure. No, the
Compendium just happened to be there - it was the belts that was the treasure.

But those were from the real world.

Could objects from the real world have that much significance in the Metaverse? She knew
the false guns did, so it would make sense that the straps would too...but to the point of
becoming a treasure?

Was this something they could take advantage of in Kaneshiro's palace?

"So is that it? That's the change of heart?" Queen asked.

"It's a bit more dramatic in a full-scale palace," Mona said. "But yes."

"And if we had destroyed that shadow...he would die?" she asked.

"Yes. A human being without any desire for anything - even to live," Joker said.

"This is a horrifying amount of power," Queen said.

"Then it's a good thing it's only us good guys who have it!" Skull said.

"Let's head back," Nanako said.

Joker pulled out his phone.



Chapter 322: 6/24 - Night
Chapter Summary

A realization.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Nanako sat straight up in bed. She grabbed her phone off the nightstand.

11:37 PM.

Well. Too bad. She had to know.

She scrolled to her contacts and hit the call button.

"Hello?" Ren said.

"Calling card. There was no calling card," Nanako said.

"That's a weird thing to be thinking about at nearly midnight," he said. He didn't even sound
sleepy.

"You weren't exactly slumbering away."

"True."

"I keep telling him to go to bed, but he's just not listening!" Morgana yelled.

"I was so wound up with trying to save Sano that I didn't even realize I pushed us into the
Metaverse without sending a calling card...which means we shouldn't have been able to pull
his treasure, right? I mean, we couldn't have put it on the Phansite, I don't think he uses a
computer..."

"I sent one."

"What?" Nanako said, confused.

"Yesterday, after I helped you carry those groceries to your friend Chie's place. I said I had
something to do, you remember?"

"Yeah...you went to drop off a calling card?"



"I did. He didn't know me, I figured he wouldn't mark me as suspicious. It was pretty easy to
slip it into his work apron. He must've found it later."

"But...I didn't know Sano was in trouble until lunch today. How did you know he was in
trouble yesterday?"

There was a long pause on the other end of the line. It was so long, Nanako had to look at her
phone to make sure the connection hadn't been dropped.

"She got you. I told you she'd figure it out, she's smarter than that," Morgana said.

"What's he talking about?"

"I noticed Sano was missing from school. He hadn't been in all week, and that's unlike him. I
figured something was going on, especially since Ann told me that you and him had a bit of a
falling out."

"Ann told you?!"

"Don't be mad at her, I tricked her into it."

Somehow, Nanako could see that.

"I don't get it though, why? You don't know Sano, why were you paying such close
attention?"

"Because he's your friend. And you care about him."

"And he's a handsome romantic rival-ack!' Morgana said, screeching more cat-like at the end
as he apparently jumped out of the way of what sounded like a book being thrown across the
room.

"I'm sorry, I didn't mean to go behind your back."

"I have no idea how to feel about this. You're on a whole other level, Ren Amamiya," Nanako
said, shaking her head. "How did you know Moriko was going to call today?"

"I didn't. I was going to talk to you and suggest going after him. The call was just luck."

"Thank you," Nanako said.

"You're welcome."

"And just so you know...he's not a romantic rival."

"I wasn't worried about it," Ren said coolly.

"Though...you never know. A girl can only wait for so long."

She hung up.



Chapter End Notes

Okay so some of you may be reading this and going "wow so epic, Joker is always three
steps ahead" and some of you may be going "wow that's a big stretch, there's no way he
could've known all that"

The truth is I was looking at my outline just now and realized my timings were off and
couldn't figure out why. Then I figured out it was because I FORGOT TO DO A
CALLING CARD SCENE.

So, now we have this.

Outlines aren't that useful if you don't actually use them, it turns out...

Anyway, secret side-project for this fic is coming along well. For better or for worse,
I've decided to give this fanfic and its accompanying side project the majority of my
creative attention, for now. We'll see how that pans out!

I should be able to give you more info about it soon, but until then, here's a small sample
of another side-side-project for this fic.

====

Your honor, might I make a motion?"

"Go ahead, Prosecutor Niijima."

"Not even the defendant's own lawyer is here. The facts in this case are quite obvious.
However, this is the defendant's first crime, and so despite its seriousness, we are only
seeking the punishment of probation. We don't want to waste the court's time, so perhaps
a simple presentation of the case could go to summary judgment?"

"Mm...well, I suppose if the defendant's lawyer isn't here, then it demonstrates that they
do not have much confidence in the defendant. Therefore, I will-"

"HOLD IT!"

The doors to the courtroom slammed open.

"My apologies for my tardiness, your honor. But the defense is ready!"

Ren turned. Standing in the doorway of the courtroom was a man in a blue suit with a
salmon tie. His hair was a structural marvel of spikes that slicked from the front of his
head to the back. His golden attorney's badge shone on his lapel, and he was pointing
dramatically at the judge.



Chapter 323: 6/25 - After School

Second floor.

Third floor. Student council room. Teacher's lounge.

Across the balcony to the other building, down the club rooms. Second floor. First floor, past
the nurse's office and into the courtyard.

"I can't believe we lost the game," said a basketball loving boy.

"I can, you were terrible," said a soccer loving boy.

Through the courtyard. The vending machines. Back to the main building. Past the yakisoba
pan line.

To the shoe lockers.

"Come on..." Nanako hissed to herself.

Did it not work? Had something gone wrong? Was all the strangeness of the mission - the
calling card fiasco, the real object transforming into the treasure - interfering with the change
of heart? Was he still stuck in the shop in Ueno, still-

"Nanako!"

She spun around and charged at him, flinging her arms around him with shameless abandon.
The two other guys with him looked surprised, then decided to just scoot on by and leave
them alone.

Sano...was really strong. His arms and chest were so muscular, and it felt great to be wrapped
in them.

"You're okay. I'm so glad you're okay."

"Yeah. I'm okay."

The hug lingered a moment or two longer before Nanako finally stepped back.

"You smell like leather," she said. "I mean, I guess you always kinda smell like leather, but
right now you really smell like leather."

He laughed. 'Yeah, well, I was doing a lot of working when I wasn't at school. But then...well,
this morning my dad and I had a long talk about everything. He apologized for what he was
trying to do and was really open about everything he was afraid of - losing the business,
losing a relationship with me...it was kinda weird. But a good weird."

"I'm so glad. And so relieved."



"Sorry if Moriko made everything sound a little...dramatic. She can be like that."

"It's all right. I'm glad she told me."

"Me too. Thank you, Nanako."

Nanako smiled. Then frowned.

"For...what?"

He glanced around.

"Well. Probably shouldn't talk about it out here, should we? Let's have a long talk soon. Oh,
that reminds me, my dad and I are going to be working hard on something today to get ready
for a cosplay event tomorrow afternoon and we could use some models. You think you and
Takamaki would be interested?"

"M-model? Again?"

"You are quite good at it. You both are."

"I'll ask her and see if she's available."

"Great. And then after we can talk."

"Sure. I'd like thaaa-aack!"

"Um. Bye Nanako," Sano said, waving awkwardly as Nanako was being dragged through the
front doors of the school.

"Ann, what are you doing?" Nanako asked, realizing it was her best friend pulling her down
the stairs by the arm.

"We're going shopping."

"What is this some kind of super emergency shopping that was so important that you had to
interrupt my conversation?"

"Yes."

She sounded determined. Amped up. And...nervous?

"What? I'm so confused."

"You're my best friend, this is a big moment, I need your help."

"Help with what?" Nanako said, a little exasperated.

They stopped in the street and Ann released her hand.

"I'm going to confess to Shiho tonight."



--

SOCIAL LINK RANK UP

Strength: Satoichi Sano

Level 7



Chapter 324: 6/25 - After School

"This is...lunacy..." Nanako said to herself.

They were back in Ann's apartment. The place was already a barely-contained warehouse of
fashion, but the afternoons been shopping seem to have doubled the amount of clothes.
Generally speaking, they were organized into two sections of the apartment. The items in her
bedroom were things she already owned, and the items in the living room still had tags on
them and could be returned. Within those two general categories they were subcategorized
into long sleeve, short sleeve, tank top, spaghetti strap, and so on. But in those categories
they were reorganized by color. Every single category of clothing wasn't laid out like this,
including her underwear.

"It's like one of those dress up games, but in real life," Nanako said.

Ann stood there clad in only matching red bra and panties. She had one hand under her chin,
the other twisting an end of one of her twin tails nervously.

"None of this is right!"

"Ann, I love you, but I gotta level with you," Nanako said. "If you can't find what you're
looking for in this apartment, then it does not exist."

"Fine, fine, let's go back to the top 10. This one here is definitely number one," she said,
pointing to a cute brown skirt with a wide band leather belt, a turquoise off the shoulder knit
sweater that made her eyes pop and a black sports bra. There were also all white, bright
sneakers to go with it.

"That one has been number one the entire time we've been working on this," Nanako said,
"which has been... 3 hours?!"

Where did all the time go? No wonder Nanako was ravenously hungry.

"Okay that's a fair point, but it doesn't match this at all," she said just straight to herself.
Nanako frowned.

"You mean the underwear?"

"Yes! This is my absolutely sexiest hottest set!"

"I mean, it is, but is that something that's going to matter tonight?"

"Of course it is! According to my research, lesbian love confessions go one of two ways:
either they dance around physical intimacy for 300 chapters, or they dive immediately into
bed with each other. And there's no way I'm waiting 300 chapters, I don't think I could handle
that. As it is, I already feel like I'm burning up with passion every time I'm around her."



"What the heck kind of research are you talking about?"

"This!"

Ann pointed to a stack of manga that had completely taken over her kitchen table. There were
also several volumes of light novels. All of them featured pictures of pretty girls holding
hands, staring longingly at each other, and kissing.

"That is a big pile of Yuri," Nanako muttered, impressed. " If you read half as much for
school, you'd probably be top of the class..."

"Can you focus on what's important right now?"

"I was just about to say that to you," Nanako said. "Okay. Let's...put a shirt on and take a step
back and calm down."

Ann did so, grabbing the first thing that came to hand. Nanako led her over to the couch and
they cleared off some clothing.

"Your attempts at hyper controlling your wardrobe is clearly an attempt to control the
situation."

"Obviously."

"Do you really think that your magic outfit is going to sway the situation one way or the
other?"

"No, but it's the only thing I can control, and totally freaking out. I mean what if it-"

"Why did you decide to do this?"

"Huh?"

"I mean, right now. Why did you decide to do this right now? There isn't really a reason to, is
there? Is there some kind of deadline?"

"No. I just can't wait anymore. I can't really explain it. There's no logic to it. But I feel like
the longer I wait the worst it gets. I just want to know one way or the other. Except, I really
really really really really really want it to be that she feels the same way about me. More than
I've ever wanted anything in my entire life. And when I think about the enormity of that, I
panic."

"How do you know that a rejection would be that painful?"

"Because I know how happy it will make me if she reciprocates. So I guess I assume that it
will make me equally heartbroken if she doesn't. So of course I'm going to do everything I
can to tip it in my favor."

"Ann, You're literally a fashion model. There's no way you can make yourself any more
beautiful than you are now. And us sitting here fretting over every outfit you own isn't going



to help. What would help is just going over and doing it. You say you can't handle waiting
anymore, so where are we waiting now? Why waste another minute?"

Nanako reached out and took her shoulders.

"And if for some reason, whatever the reason, it doesn't go your way tonight, I'll be here to
catch you. All of us will. We're not just thieves, we're friends. And that means catching each
other when our hearts are broken, or celebrating when they're full. I've wanted a group of
friends like this more than anything, and we are really really lucky. I mean think about it, do
you think any of us would do anything less than be absolutely supportive of you?"

"You're right. And I am thankful for that, Nanako. I'm so thankful I met you. I can't imagine
what my life would be like without you in it. I don't even think I would've realized what my
feelings for her were without you. So for better or for worse, all of this is because of you. My
life is richer and better. And I'm gonna honor our friendship by boldly going forward and
confessing how I feel!"

They hugged.

"I'm so proud of you," Nanako said.

"...can you help me clean this up?"

"Hell no, I'm starving."

--

SOCIAL LINK RANK UP

Star: Ann Takamaki

Level 7



Chapter 325: 6/25 - Evening
Chapter Summary

愛してる

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Ann decided to go with the number one choice.

And the entire way to the hospital, she worried if she was overdressed.

After all, it wasn't like Shiho had a massive outfit collection next to her IV drip. Shiho wasn't
even a fancy dresser to begin with, preferring the "sporty" look. So it made Ann wonder -
would it look weird to be mismatched? Worse, would it make Shiho feel...bad? Ugly?
Awkward?

But all of those worries melted away when Shiho's eyes lit up when Ann walked into the
room.

"Gorgeous," Shiho had whispered.

"You always say that," Ann had replied.

"It's always true.":

After that, her nerves melted away, and they fell into their comfortable rhythm. Shiho and
Ann. Ann and Shiho. It was like any of the hundreds of other evenings they had spent
together.

Except for the expensive sushi.

And the wheelchair.

Ann worried about that comfortable rhythm, though. Did it mean that things were so set
between the two of them that it would always stay this way - two best friends? Could
something this comfortable ignite into something more?

"You okay?" Shiho had asked part way through the meal."

"Hm? Of course, this food is amazing isn't it?"

"Yeah, it is. You just seem...distracted."



"I'm sorry. I'm here, I'm present. I promise."

And with that, Ann forced herself to keep all of those worries buried in the bottom of her
heart.

"That was ridiculously delicious," Shiho now said, stretching her arms high above her head.
"But wasn't that bill expensive? I should chip in."

"No way! I told you, I just got a nice bonus from a job. This is a celebration!"

They walked along the waterfront, Ann behind Shiho, pushing her steadily along. Daylight
was much longer now that summer was officially here, and red-orange rays painted the world
rosy.

"What are we celebrating, exactly?" Shiho asked, turning her head to look back at Ann.

"You, of course, and your amazing progress!"

"Yes, I'm doing *so* well," she said, motioning at the wheel chair.

"Oh please, you would've walked if I let you," Ann countered.

"I would've. And it would've been a terrible idea. You'd be carrying me on your back by
now."

"I would've done so, gladly."

"Of course you would. Are you doing a new workout, by the way? You're looking really fit,"
Shiho said.

Ann blushed, not sure how to respond. She couldn't exactly say "just brushing up on my whip
techniques" could she? It was time for a tactical change in subject.

"I didn't think it was that noticeable...maybe I better cut back. My job might not like it if I get
too muscley."

"I think it's the right amount, but I'm biased...hey, let's stop here for a moment."

Ann pushed Shiho over to a bench overloking hte water. The evening breeze was starting to
pick up, tousling her twin-tails into her face. She bushed them back over her shoulders and
sat on the edge of the bench to be next to the wheelchair.

To her surprise, Shiho had already pushed herself out of the wheel chair and was swininng
herself around to sit squished up against Ann.

"Too close?" she asked.

"Not at all," Ann said with a contented sigh. She could smell Shiho's shampoo mixed with the
lingering scent of hospital antiseptic.



They watched a small boat sail along. Ann counted her heartbeats and measured them
speeding up as Shiho lay her head on Ann's shoulder, and Ann felt cozier with every passing
breath.

"Thanks for spending your night out with me," Ann said.

"I should be thanking you. I mean, I love my parents and all, but..."

"Sorry. I should've done this sooner."

"No, no, that isn't what I was getting at. The timing was perfect. I can actually enjoy this.
I'm...well, I wouldn't say stronger. Slightly less broken than before."

"You're not broken, "Ann said immediately, snapping the words out with a surprising amount
of frustration.

"Of course I am. Absolutely shattered."

"You've already made a lot of progress! The doctor's say you'll make a full recovery and-"

"It's not just my body, Ann. I see a therapist three times a week now...and that's down from
every single day. I'm on a cocktail of two different depression medications. And every time
my mother leaves, she looks at me like it's the last time I'll ever see her, and honestly...I don't
blame her. I feel lost in my own head. Shattered is really the only word I can use to describe
it. The best I'll ever be able to do is glue a few of the bigger pieces together again and-"

"Shut up!" Ann found herself yelling, with such volume and intensity that Shiho jumped
back, startled. "I won't anyone talk about the girl that I love that way, not even herself!"

"Wha...?"

"You're not broken and shattered. You're hurt and injured and sick and you're going to get
better. Yeah, it might take a long time, but it won't stop you. I won't let it. I don't care if it
takes me the rest of my life, I will be by your side to show you deserve happiness!"

"Ann, what are you..."

"I love you, Shiho. Not just as my best friend," Ann said. She could feel the blush on her
cheeks burning intensely. This wasn't how she planned to say it. But it was how she felt.

"I love you. Love you-love you. Like. You know. How...someone..."

Ann's eyes widened.

Shiho was kissing her.

She was frozen there on the bench, eyes open, trying to focus on the side of Shiho's face. Her
heart roared in her ears. Shiho's lips moved a bit, massaging Ann's. She realized how stiff her
mouth was and relaxed a little.



Her soft lips on hers was heaven.

She knew from movies and manga and TV shows that she was supposed to close her eyes.
But she didn't want to. She wanted to look at Shiho, as much as she could, and remember this
moment for the rest of her life.

Shiho broke the kiss. Her entire face was flush, down to her neck, and her eyes were wide,
her breathing short.

"Did you....um..."

"I loved it," Ann said.

"Me too. You have no idea how long I've wanted you to say those words to me, Ann..."

"I'm sorry-"

"No, no apologies. Just another kiss, please."

This time, Ann did close her eyes. She ran her hand down Shiho's back and held her close.

Shiho broke the kiss again and jumped off the bench, raising her hands into the air.

"The gorgeous Ann Takamaki, super model, is my girlfriend!" Shiho shouted.

"H-hey, not so loud!"

"She loves me and I love her!' Shiho shouted again, as if she were trying to tell the people on
the boat.

"I-I didn't actually ask you to be my girlfriend!" Ann protested, standing up. "And you need
to be careful, sit back down."

"Oh, that's a very good point," Shiho said. "Ann, will you be my girlfriend?"

"Y-yeah..."

"Hey everyone, Ann Takamaki is-"

Ann kissed her.

"Shut up, will you. We're in public!"

"We're also kissing in public, and that doesn't seem to bother you..."

"Let's...just go!"

Shiho laughed.

"Oh my, this is going to be fun teasing you...I didn't realize you'd be so flustered about this."



"Get in the wheelchair."

Chapter End Notes

Yay, they did it! <3

So, obviously I've been thinking about the confession for a while, and how I was going
to do it. There were a lot of decisions to make about it, and I'm happy with what I have.

But there was once upon a time a very different version that I kinda set up for.
Ultimately, I decided it was way too silly, but I feel like writing it anyway, so here's
some BONUS CONTENT.

It's inspired by one of my favorite tumblr posts I ever read.

The only thing you have to remember and may not is that at one point, the PT are
talking about love confessions, and Ann admits that someone once confessed to her in
middle school, but she dodged the question saying something along the lines of "it
wasn't quite what I was expecting..."

Here we go!

--

"Are you sure this isn't boring?" Ann asked.

"Why would it be?" Shiho replied. "It's what we always do."

"That's exactly my point," Ann said. "We're at my place, eating the same takeout we
usually do, watching the same shows we always do. You don't get that many nights out
of the hospital, I feel like I should be doing something special."

"Honestly, this is exactly what I want. A night without my mother asking me three
hundred times how I'm feeling, a night without injections and monitors and therapy and
terrible hospital food and the buzzing of those lights and the weird plastic remote to use
the TV and...I dunno. I want to feel normal. This helps a lot."

"O-oh. Good."

Great. Perfect. A night where she wanted to feel normal and Ann had gone out of her
way to plan for it to be a very un-normal night. After the disaster of picking the outfit,
Nanako had been the angel she is and helped her clean up the living room - which
consisted mostly of taking all of the clothes and shoving them into a overwhelming pile
in her room.



Now there she was, very overdressed, with the girl of her dreams wanting things to feel
normal. The last thing she could do now was burden her with her feelings.

A tear escaped each eye. Ann felt a sudden panic and immediately wiped them away.
She took a deep breath and focused. Push it all down. Bury it deep. Be strong.

She let out a sob that she then had to strangle into her chest. More tears. She swiped at
them. Shiho turned.

"Oh my God, Ann, what's wrong?"

"Nothing! Nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing-"

Shiho's arms were around her.

"Tell me. Now."

"I can't. I can't burden you with it, you've already been through so much, and you just
want things to be normal and I can't-"

"Tell me, Ann!"

"I love you!"

Shiho looked confused.

"Like...in love with you! Romantically! As in I want to be your girlfriend! I want to go
on dates with you! I want to kiss you!"

"...the hell are you talking about?" Shiho asked.

The response was so strange that it knocked all of the panic out of Ann's body. She was
calmed by a deep wave of confusion.

"...I love you, romantically, and-"

"Yeah. I know. Why...why are you telling me this again?"

"Huh? Again?"

"Ann...we've been dating for two years."

"We have!?"

"...I thought we were!" Shiho said. "Are you telling me you didn't think we were a
couple!?"

"W-why would I think that!"

"I confessed to you in middle school!"



"And I rejected you!"

"No you didn't! I said 'Ann, I love you and I want to be your girlfriend' and you said
'you're very special to me too, Shiho.'"

"Yes, that was me letting you down lightly!"

Shiho held a hand to her mouth.

Then she fell over, laughing.

"This isn't funny!"

"It's really not!" Shiho said, laughing so hard she was rolling onto her side. "What am I
supposed to tell people now when they ask how long we've been together? "

"Shiho!"

"Well, I've been dating her for five years, but she's only been dating me for three!"

"We're...we're best friends!"

"Ann, we've made out like a hundred times!"

"I thought that was...I dunno, practice! For when we had boyfriends!"

"I can't breathe!" Shiho howled, doubling over into the fetal position.

"Shiho!"

Ann sat on the couch. There were too many emotions going through her at the same
time to process. Embarrassment. Anger. Confusion.

Relief.

Happiness.

"Aww, don't be mad," Shiho said as she coughed, managing to get her breathing back
under control.

"I'm...an idiot."

"But you're my idiot."

Shiho kissed her.



Chapter 326: 6/25 - Night

Pi pi pi

Nanako rolled over in her bed and blinked a few times before checking her messages. There
were two.

First, Ann.

No message. Just a selfie. Ann, winking, with her arm around Shiho. Shiho was kissing her
cheek.

Nanako typed one line back.

 

> NANAKO: You go girl.

 

The second was from Sano.

> SANO: Hey, sorry about this, but it seems like the actual event got postponed from
tomorrow. It was supposed to be in Shibuya, but there's some kind of issue going on
there and they pushed it back a few days. Still, if you and Takamaki can come by, we
can do some fittings and talk it over.

> NANAKO: Ah, okay, that works fine. Still not sure about Ann, but I'll be there for
sure.

> SANO: Great, thanks. See you then.

Nanako wondered what would cause a cosplay even to get cancelled. Was it something to do
with the crimes related to Kaneshiro? Or was it something more mundane, like a subway
closure or a politician's speech?

She shrugged and rolled back over.



Chapter 327: 6/26 - Bank of Gluttony

"The targets are inbound, weak to Wind. Angel, Mona, on my mark," Queen said.

"Roger," they replied.

Nanako waited. The sound of Skull running down the corridor grew louder. She knew that
Queen would e giving the "go" but Nanako felt ants crawling in her veings. What if Queen
got it wrong? What if she misjudged-

"Go!"

Nanako and Mona dropped from the ceiling.

"Kusi Mitama!"

"Zorro!"

In a tornado of green wind energy, the shadows were shredded into tiny droplets of inkiness.
The shadows were eliminated.

Queen skid to a stop on Johanna's back.

"Nice work. That eliminates the last of the guards on this level. We should-...Fox! Joker!"

Nanako watched, frozen in confusion. Joker whipped out his arm and snapped out his
grappling hook. It wrapped around Fox's waist, pulling forward. He crashed into Joker, who
bent down and scooped him up in a princess-carry.

Nanako looked up and saw the security camera in the corner of the ceiling, the tiny servos
whirring in the silence.

"How'd she even see that...?" Panther whispered.

"There was a safe room 20 meters back. Let's take a break," Joker said.

The backtracked their steps and pushed the doors open, leaving the soulless precision of the
vault behind and retreated into the tranquil marble of the safe room. Joker set the bag of
snacks and drinks in the center of the table. Everyone dove in to recharge. Skull, Mona, and
Panther ate, drank, reclined, and sighed dramatically. Joker shut his eyes and focused on his
drink. Fox pulled out his sketchbook.

Queen took out her map.

Nanako watched as Queen chugged an energy drink without seeming to acknowledge its
existence. she was a machine, making new boxes and scribbling notes down, marking
location of guards and cameras.



Did she ever stop?

"Are you holding up?" Nanako found herself asking Queen.

"Hm?" Yes, fine...though I wonder why this room is different."

"Hu?"

"The safe room doesn't match the rest of the palace. Why?"

"Oh. Uh. Well, we did notice that at one point, but we've never figured it out. I suppose it
might be a reflection of the cognition of...resting in general?"

"Mm. It just bothers me to not know. I feel like it's important."

"Ah. Well. How do you suggest we gather more information...? "

"Not sure. Something to put in long term goals," Queen said, writing a note on the corner of
her map.

"Hey, you know, you should really rest too, you don't want to-"

"Do you think Kaneshiro is going to rest?" Queen snapped, looking up from her map, her
red-brown eyes burning from behind the iron mask.

"Fine," Nanako said, stepping away.



Chapter 328: 6/26 - Evening
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Nanako was surprised to be meeting Sano in Kichijoji. But once she got down the street and
over to the second-hand clothing store, it all clicked into place. Through the window, she saw
Sano's strong, solid frame in stark contrast to the petite gothic lolita standing next to him.

Moriko. Nanako smiled.

Sano saw Nanako through the window and waved, bent over to say something to Moriko,
then came out the doors to the sidewalk.

"Hey!" he said cheerily.

"Hey. Should we go in?" Nanako asked.

"Actually we should talk alone first. Don't worry about Moriko, she could be in there for
hours."

"If you're sure..."

"I am. It's fine."

Nanako looked up and saw Moriko waving at her through the window. Nanako waved back.
Satisfied, Nanako turned with Sano down the street and they walked through the busy
alleyways, side by side. The air was a symphony of savory smells that made Nanako's belly
rumble. She should've eaten before she came here.

"He apologized," Sano began." My father. For a lot of things. It was...weird. It was like he
had a mental list of everything he had done wrong and he wanted to go through it one by
one."

"Was it a long list?"

"Not really. It all boiled down to one thing - he's afraid. Afraid for my future, for our store,
our trade..."

"That doesn't excuse how he treated you," Nanako said, surprised at her own bitterness.

"No. But I wasn't perfect either. I lied, I used the shop's resources. And I was just as afraid to
talk to him. It was a long, good conversation. And I learned that he had things he wanted to
try, too. We're working something together, actually, which is why I'm still hoping you and
Takamaki can still model next week."

"I'm sure we can make it," Nanako said. Ann had been busy with her confession, so Nanako
hadn't brought it up to her yet. But she was sure she could get it to work.



"Thanks, it'll mean a lot to the both of us."

They were walking by the Old Temple now, and the bustling energy of the Kichijoji stalls
were muted into the background. They stood alone, and Nanako was very aware of it.

Sano stopped and stood in front of Nanako.

"Sorry about before, about asking you out in the middle of that chaos."

"It wasn't your fault it was chaos," Nanako said.

"I know."

"But..." Nanako paused, really looking at Sano. He was so handsome, so strong, so rugged.
He was dependable, kind...he was like Yukiko's husband. Nanako understood now what
Yukiko saw in a man like that, and for the span of three heartbeats, Nanako imagined a
leathery future with Sano.

"There's someone else," Nanako said.

"I know. Amamiya, right?"

Nanako froze, feeling the blush on her face, her mouth open slightly in shock as her brain
searched for questions and explanations.

"I saw him in the shop, dropping this off."

Sano held out the calling card.

"Uh. Well. You see-"

"Your secret is safe with me. I'm sure the stuff I've been making has been a help to you and
the Phantom Thieves, right?"

"Yes," Nanako admitted.

"Then that's the best news I've heard in my entire life. I'm not just a leather worker or a
cosplay artist - I'm an armorer of justice!"

He grinned, and his whole body lit up. Nanako laughed.

"We'll be counting on you from now on," she said.

"I'm with you, all the way."

They turned and started back to the second-hand clothing store.

"Feel like shopping? I'm sure Moriko would enjoy your input."

"It sounds fun, but I had kind of an exhausting afternoon," Nanako said. Their infiltration had
been taxing, and Nanako was already fighting back yawns. "Next time?"



"Yeah, of course. Thank you for saving me."

"It's what we do."

Sano bowed formally. Nanako bowed in return. They went their separate ways, he to the
store, she towards the station, reflecting on all that had just happened. There were so many
feelings in her, her heart was full of friendship and relief, joy and melancholy.

The Phantom Thieves had a new ally. She wasn't sure how the team was going to feel about
that, but it wasn't like she told him. And if equipment carried cognitive power in the
Metaverse, then maybe he could make more gear for them. As for how Sano found out, well-

Nanako stopped dead in her tracks.

She stared ahead through the window of a cafe.

It was Ren.

And he was sitting with the new Detective Prince, the boy she met on the train, the boy who
had philosophically sparred Ren on daytime TV.

Akechi.

They sat together drinking...coffee? No, tea. And they were talking. Like friends.

She went to open the door, when she stopped herself. Then, she reached for her phone to text
him, but also stopped herself from doing that. What was she doing? This wasn't any of her
business. Was she...jealous?

No, she was curious. Why was he hanging out with the guy who had actively proclaimed he
would try to stop the Phantom Thieves?

But, she could ask him that later, she told herself firmly. She yawned again, continuing to the
station.

--

SOCIAL LINK RANK UP 

Strength: Satoichi Sano 

Level 8

Chapter End Notes

Sorry SanoxNana shippers, you'll have to do the fic in NewGame+ to see their romance
ending.



Chapter 329: 6/27 - Daytime

"Brunch day!" Rise said, beaming brightly, clinging onto Yu's arm.

Nanako smiled, infected by her enthusiasm. Brunch felt like such a mature, adult thing to do.
Nanako spent forever choosing her outfit, settling on a lavender pleated skirt, sleeveless
button down blouse, and chunky Birkenstocks. She anguished over how much jewelry, if any,
to wear. She had started out with a half-dozen bangles on her wrists, but she worried it was
too much of a "club look."

...but then she wasn't confident that she hadn't been near enough clubs to know what a "club
look" was. Overdressing for brunch would be childish - but so would underdressing.

She settled on an elegant, simple watch her mom gave her last year, a simple cord necklace
with a colorful tile she bought on one of ann's excusions, and silver stud earrings.

Rise had given the look her blessing, and Nanako felt incredibly accomplished.

Meanwhile, Chie wore sweats and an oversized Tokyo Police hoodie.

"Hope this is a cheat day for everyone. It's a Western-style brunch, so it's calories galore,"
Rise said. The four of them passed through the front doors of the restaurant. It was elegant,
but not oppressively so - it was definitely fancy but not formal. It was very French, or at least
what Nanako thought of as French. White tablecloths, white chairs, crystalline glasses, and
soft music wafting in the background.

The host took one look at Rise and immediately sat them. Going out with a celebrity had so
many perks...

"The first major decision of today's very important brunch," Yu said, "is...Mimosas?"

Rise and Yu fixed their gaze on Chie.

Nanako felt her stomach drop.

This wasn't brunch.

It was a trap.

Big Bro and Rise had already tried to break Chie's shell, and Nanako thought that was that.
But she should've known better. Rise's tenacity was unmatched when it came to...well,
everything. So of course she wouldn't be satisfied until she knew what was dragging her
friend down.

Could Chie fend them off? She looked totally exhausted and drained. Alcohol certainly
wouldn't help either. And the temptation to reach out to her friends was probably
overwhelming. The idea of having to go through what she was going through alone...



But if Chie broke, Big Bro and Rise would be dragged into this Kaneshiro mess, and they
could be in danger. Nanako couldn't let that happen. She and the Phantom Thieves were
getting closer and closer to Kaneshiro's treasure. They could solve all of this without
endangering anyone else.

Chie had to hold on just a little longer. But that would mean that Nanako would have to
protect Chie without tipping Chie off that Nanako knew what was going on.

So much for a lovely Sunday brunch...

"What's a mimosa?" Nanako asked in the most innocent voice she could make. Rise looked
shocked. Yu looked like he was struck by a lightning bolt made out of guilt.

"W-well it's juice with a sparkling wine. Like a champagne or a prosecco..." Rise said.

"Alcohol?" Nanako said with a slight gasp. "At 11 am?"

"Well maybe it is a bit early for that!" Yu said too loudly. Nanako made a show of looking
relieved then went back to reading the menu.

"I'd say just pour a pot of coffee down my throat," Chie said, "but honestly, I'm not sure I
want to be awake right now. No offense."

"Work tiring you out?" Rise probed. Nanako marveled at how good she was at asking a
question like that and making it sound so casual. Those were the true skills of a highly trained
idol.

"Yeah, I'm still on punishment duty, and I'm not sleeping very well either."

"How long are they going to hold that against you? There's gotta be a way to complain or
appeal or something," Yu said.

"It won't be a problem for much longer..." Chie yawned.

Rise and Yu glanced at each other.

Nanako slammed her menu on the table.

"Why do they always make you wait so long to order at these fancy places?" she declared. Yu
frowned.

"Nanako, we just got here..."

"But I'm starving!"

"Me too," Chie said. "Let's at least get something on the table. Otherwise I'm going to start
eating the napkins."

Rise raised one finger, just to the level of her earlobe, and with the quiet power of celebrity
an eager waiter appeared. Chie and Nanako took turns rattling off pastries and he scribbled



them all down before vanishing.

"How's your next project coming along?" Nanako asked Rise. "Anything exciting?"

Nanako knew that Rise's favorite subject was Rise. As coffee and tea was poured, she fell
into a detailed explanation of her tour plans, album release schedules, upcoming song covers
and collaborations. Half an hour flew by while Nanako and Chie chowed on pastries.

The waiter dropped in and they ordered their main courses.

"But you owe me a break before all of that, remember?" Yu cut in. Rise sighed teasingly,
brushing her fingers across his cheek.

"Yes my darling house-husband. We'll take a break together."

"Where are you going? Europe? The US? Australia?" Nanako asked, thrumming with
excitement.

"Inaba," Yu grinned. "For Hanabi."

"Really!?" Nanako lit up. Hanabi was one of the many mandatory return tirps home Nanako
had to do as a condition of going to schooli n Tokyo. Big bro and Rise being back in Inaba
with her would makee it so much better.

"You should come too," Yu said to Chie.

"I'll probably be there already," Chie said while she balanced some egg on her hashbrowns.

"Why?" Rise asked, her attention immediately locked onto Chie's slip up. Chie shoveled
more food int oher mouth to buy time.

Damnit, they were so close! One more push, Nanako thought. One more thing to derail this
conversation. But what could derail it enough that they would finish brunch before they
settled it?

Then Nanako had an idea.

"Let's make Yosuke come along too! It'll keep him out of trouble!" Nanako declared.

And just like that, all of the attention was on her.

"What does that mean?" Rise asked.

"Yeah, what's that idiot doing now?" Chie demanded.

She shut her eyes and sent out a silent prayer. *Please forgive me for this, Yosuke.*

"I'm pretty sure he's sleeping with a married woman."

"What!?" they all yelled in unison.



Nanako's mind raced. She had to channel Ryuji's meandering way of speaking, intentionally
blending details together. It took a tremendous amount of intelligence to effectively pretend
to be an airhead. But Nanako pulled it off, spinning a confusing tale by blending Yosuke's
date with the sexy goth doctor with his date with Mika. Rise and Chie unleashed a cascade of
questions, their anger and disbelief rising with each answer.

Yu watched Nanako, his arms folded.

"We have to do something!" Rise said to Yu. But Yu was still looking at Nanako. Their eyes
met in a silent debate. Nanako didn't know how it was possible, but Yu knew she was
throwing up a smokescreen. But he couldn't prove it. Nor did he know why she was doing it.
He was hoping that she would break and just give in and tell him.

"Nanako isn't exactly...accurate," he said. "Yosuke told me about his date. Dates, actually.
Two of them. With single women."

Yu had to go through it all, clearing up the details with Chie and Rise. By the time he was
done, brunch was done and paid for, and they were on their way back to the station.

Chie nudged Nanako with her shoulder.

"Thanks," she whispered.

"For what?" Nanako asked.

"Getting me some space," Chie said.

--

SOCIAL LINK RANK UP

The Sun: Chie Satonaka

Level 3



Chapter 330: 6/27 - Evening

Nanako sighed.

"What's wrong, Nana-chan?" Haru asked.

"Oh. Uh. Well. It's a weird problem..."

"I won't judge you, tell me all about it."

"You promise?"

Haru's eyes lit up. "This is starting to sound scandalous, Nana-chan."

"No, no, it's nothing like that. Okay so I have this friend who makes leather things right?"

"It is scandalous!"

"It is not! Can you focus please?"

"Sorry."

"Anyway, he wanted me and my friend Ann to be models for him next week, but it turns out
my friend can't do it. So now I don't know what to tell my other friend."

"Oh I'll do it!"

Nanako's eyes widened in surprise. "You will?"

"I've always wanted to try cosplay. I think it'll help me get out of my comfort zone!"

"I don't even know what it is he wants us to wear."

"Is it scandalous?"

"Of course not!"

"I'm sure it'll be fine. Unless you don't think I'm going to be pretty enough to do it."

"No way, you're gorgeous. Okay, if you really want to, I'll sign you up."

"Oh that'll be so much fun," Haru said. "Are you sure you don't want anything to eat?"

Nanako looked at Haru's plate and sighed again.

"Yeah, I had a big brunch."

"Okay then," she said sweetly. Then she lifted the largest burger Nanako had ever seen. It was
an order of magnitude larger than the one Ren tried to challenge himself with.



Haru turned into some sort of mindless burger consumption machine. Everyone in the Big
Bang Burger turn to watch, especially the workers.

"Isn't that the CEO's daughter?"

"I didn't think anyone could actually eat that thing. I thought it was a promotional stunt."

"It's not fair, how can you eat that much and still look so slim?"

When she was done, Haru dabbed her mouth delicately with the corner of a paper napkin.
There wasn't the crumb left.

"I know this stuff isn't good for me, but I can't help but splurge once in a while. And besides,
what's the point of being able to eat here for free if I never do it?"

Nanako wondered what Ren would think about Haru's ravenous display.

She really had to stop coming here with people.



Chapter 331: 6/28 - Bank of Gluttony

"Once we enter the security passcode, we need to offer retinal identification within 25
seconds," Queen said.

"Oh so that's why we got this guy on ice," Skull said. It might have been a clever turn a
phrase except for the fact that the security guard wearing the bright yellow jacket was
literally encased in a block of ice from Goemon. Skull and Fox had been tasked with pushing
it through the corridors.

"And then the treasures inside?" Nanako asked.

"Presumably," Queen said. "Everything points as this being the most secure location in the
palace."

Nanako glanced at Mona, who had his eyes shut in concentration.

"Still nothing," he said in frustration. Mona had lost the ability to smell the treasure in this
palace. The current theory was that everytime they got caught, the security level of the palace
kept increasing. Despite their improved coordination and concentration, this place was
bristling with detection systems. They'd set off alerts more than the previous two palaces, and
therefore there was a tighter seal around the treasure, which might disconnect the "aroma"
from the rest of the palace.

Nanako wasn't sure if she liked the theory. But she also wasn't sure if she didn't like it
because it was Queen's. Still, without the aroma to guide them, Queen's methodology was as
good as any. They couldn't delay. Time was running out.

Nanako knew that better than any of them.

"Queen is on passcode, Skull is on retinal scan," Joker said. "Mona and I will breach as soon
as the door opens. Panther, Angel, Fox, you're second group in. React as necessary."

"Roger!" the team said.

"Password entered on my mark...3...2...1...mark!"

There was a tiny beep from the keypad. A panel slid open from the other side of the secure
door. Skull roughly grabbed the back of the guard's head and shoved it into retinal scanner.

"Take a nice long look at the lasers," he said.

There was another beep, then a rumble. The doors split open from the center. Joker and Mona
were through the sliver of opening in a blink, weapons drawn. Nanako waited for the door to
open wide enough for her whole team, then rushed through, gun drawn, eyes swiveling
around.



The internal chamber was massive, but confusing. The walls were built in a large octagon but
the ceiling was a dome. The dome was made of LED screens, flickering from image to
image, showing the various security cameras they'd passed on their way in - and some they
hadn't seen yet. In the center of the room was a large tower of computer pieces, like a set
piece from a science fiction movie. It too was octagonal and had keyboards and interfaces on
each side. There were monitors on the top of each of those as well, though they were
currently black.

"What is this?" Nanako asked.

"No shadows," Panther reported.

"This is the security mainframe," Queen said as she walked in. Skull was finishing up
outside, bashing the shadow into ink.

"I thought you said this is where the treasure was," Nanako said. Queen gripped her fists
tight, looking away from Nanako.

"There was a possibility that it was the treasure. But I also knew there was a possibility of it
being the security mainframe."

"How high a possibility," Nanako pushed.

"40% that it was the treasure..."

"So you lied to us!"

"I wasn't sure! But in either case, it's a win for our cause. Pushing through this palace has
been arduous, you have to agree. Even if this isn't the treasure, shutting down the security
mainframe will make it much easier."

"I can't believe-"

"Enough," Joker said. "We can argue about this later. Panther, take care of the mainframe."

"Huh? Me? I don't really know that much about computers, other than posting to social media
and playing games..."

"I think he just wants you to destroy it," Fox pointed out.

"...ohhhh. Right away! Paw-sona!"

Carmen appeared in a ring of fire, which then immediately compressed itself into a tight
superheated sphere. The ball of orange then turned to blue, then to white, with Panther
gritting her teeth in concentration.

"Burn with our passion!"

The ball of fire hit and exploded. The flash was blinding, the heat intense. Nanako had to
hold up her arms for a moment.



"W-what!?" Panther cried.

Nothing happened.

Nothing except the dull glow of an energy field.

Nanako jumped when a voice started booming out of the walls.

"Passion Ball registered. Damage rating, S-class. Fire element. Fire shielding holding. Mental
strain from user, high. Projected number of times user can utilize this attack: 2 - 3. Charge
time approximately 22.6 seconds, recommend swarming attack as counter."

The voice was Kaneshiro's, but it wasn't. It was digital, soulless.

"Where are you, Kaneshiro!?" Queen yelled, striking a pose. "I know you're in here!"

"I am before you."

The monitors flashed on and Kaneshiro's face appeared on the monitors. His face wasn't the
purple bank president of before, though. His face was made of white lines of swirling
computer code that streamed across a black background. The only color were the pupils of
his eyes, where the computer code turned yellow.

"You aren't Kaneshiro," Queen said.

"Correct. I am the security mainframe. I have been studying everything you do, Phantom
Thieves. With every moment, your weaknesses become clear to me. Security
countermeasures are currently 85% effective in preventing you access to the treasure. Within
two more of your infiltrations, countermeasures will be at 100%."

"This is one of those fragment shadows," Mona said. "A different part of Kaneshiro's
psyche."

"The one that's paranoid and methodical, like a..." Fox trailed off.

"A computer Kaneshiro..." Panther said.

"Compyshiro!" Skull yelled.

"Damnit, that name is going to stick, isn't it?" Mona said.

"Call me what you will, I have no need for labels, only results," Compyshiro stated.

"How about frying your circuits like an overdone tempura as a result!" Skull yelled.

"I see. So you will resort to violence in this situation. Very well. This will give me a chance
to test out the Mark I of the Battle Optimized Attack Robot. At 85% effective, there is still a
probability that at least one of the Phantom Thieves will perish, which is a net positive
outcome."



There was a rumble from beneath their feet. The computer tower separated from the ground
at the same time the floor began to lower with shocking speed. It knocked Nanako over,
forcing her into a tumble.

The floor stopped thirty feet lower than it originally was - enough to reveal another massive
door. A yellow light spun above it as an alert klaxon sounded. The massive doors rumbled
open.

Behind it was a robot. It was made of steel, had a long snout with razor-sharp tusks of
gleaming metal. It It was sleek and angular and dangerous. It had four hooves, with the front
stamping at the ground in a horrible metal clanging sound.

Along its side were the letters B.O.A.R. painted in black.

Nanako fired. The bullets sparked along the sides of the armor plates, not even leaving a
scratch.

"Ah, crap," she said.



Chapter 332: 6/28 - Bank of Gluttony

"Small arms aren't going to have an effect!" Queen's voice screamed in Nanako's ear through
the comms. Queen tore off her iron mask adn revved up Johanna, the rear wheel burning
rubber. She released the bike and shot forward at the same time the B.O.A.R. began its
charge.

Bike and boar played chicken. Nanako grit her teeth, wondering if either of them was going
to flinch.

Finally, Queen turned. There was a flash and a bang as she unleashed a Vajra Blast. Nanako
blinked through the sudden light, trying to track what was happening. The attack landed
somewhere in the B.O.A.R.'s shoulder, taking its feet out from under it. It landed face-first
into the marble floor and skid in a shower of sparks, screeching horribly as it did.

"Focus on using Persona attacks!" Queen added as she and Johanna skid at the end of the
chamber.

"Fox, Skull, hit it hard!" Joker ordered.

Goemon and Captain Kidd both appeared - Goemon taking a mighty swing one one side
while Captain Kidd smashed his hull on the opposite flank. Nanako watched, expecting the
metal to be shorn apart and for its mechanical guts to start spilling out.

Instead, both Fox and Skull winced and stumbled backward.

"Damnit, that thing is tough!" Skull yelled.

"Elemental attacks!" Joker ordered. Panther ran forward and slid in front of the B.O.A.R. in a
three-point stance.

"Bear-cinerate, Carmen!"

Nanako frowned. Did she just say...bear-cinerate?

Carmen danced in an endless flamenco, and a similarly endless wash of fire bathed over the
B.O.A.R. The machine buckled at first - but then it suddenly rose to its feet, the fire flowing
from its head and around its neck like a demonic mane.

"Look out!" Nanako called, already flipping through the Compendium. Joker was faster,
appearing in a streak of sahdow beside Panther, wrapping his arm around her slender waist,
and grapple-swinging them over the mecha-monster before it could gore them with one of its
razor-sharp tusks.

"Mona, hit it with wind!" Nanako shouted. She reached out, summoning Izanagi, while Zorro
appeared behind the B.O.A.R.



"Garu!"

"Zio!"

Wind and lightning hit at once, overwhelming the B.O.A.R. It skid to a stop, freezing in place
as the electricity danced around it and the wind battered it from all sides. Instinctively, both
she and Mona fired the same attack.

The lightning bounced away. The wind passed harmlessly over it.

"It has some sort of adaptive defenses," Nanako said as she pressed her finger into ear to
touch the comm.

"Agreed," Queen replied while Johanna burned more rubber at the end of the chamber in
preparation. "If we cycle different attack types, we may be able to damage it faster than it can
adapt-"

"THREAT PROFILE UPDATED," the B.O.A.R. announced, a computerized voice yelling
through speakers at its throat. "INITIATING COUNTER ATTACK."

The armor plates along the B.O.A.R.'s spine opened up and red-tipped nose cones clicked
into place.

"Brace yourselves!" Joker yelled.

Joker and Nanako switched Personae at the same time. They, along with Queen, rapidly cast
Rakukaja just before the missiles swarmed the Phantom Thieves. The heat and sound were
immense, but the pain was manageable. Nanako found herself knocked onto her back, but
quickly picked herself back up.

"Fox is down!" Skull called out.

"Mona, hurry!" Panther yelled.

"I'm on it!" Mona and Zorro rushed towards Fox's crumpled body, green sparkling light
pouring out of the Persona.

The B.O.A.R. turned its attention to the fallen Fox, but Panther and Skull were already on it.
A fire attack, followed immediately by another physical blast attack. The B.O.A.R.'s super
defenses weren't up, but Nanako did notice that the overall damage it took from both was
lower than before.

"The longer we fight it, the stronger it becomes," Nanako pointed out. Joker rushed to her
side.

"We need to use our Showtime. It's the only thing that unleashes enough varied attacks."

"Right, we can-"



"INITIATING ATTACK," the B.O.A.R. declared. The side of the B.O.A.R. thunked open,
revealing a massive gattling gun. Before anyone could react, a hailstorm of bullets erupted
from the end.

"Hanuman!" Nanako called out, reaching out for the Strength arcana. The bearded
swordsman appeared right in front of the gattling gun, absorbing shot after shot. The pain
was excruciating. Nanako's body jerked uncontrollably with every impact.

"Nanako!" Panther screamed.

"Run...!" Nanako managed to gasp between the pain.

"You won't take her from me!"

The voice was almost unrecognizably dark, full of fury. Nanako wasn't sure who said it.
Maybe part of that was the pain.

Joker rushed to the side of the gattling gun, tearing off his mask, and summoning Arsene.
Except...there was something different about Arsene. She couldn't focus her vision on it long
enough to see for sure, but it seemed angrier. Bigger. Covered in more flames.

It picked up the B.O.A.R. and flipped it up onto its side. The gun ceased, retracting in order
to raise up its armor.

Nanako fell to her knees.

Then fell face down on the floor.

"I'm getting us out of here!" Mona said, holding up a pen-sized capsule above his head.
Along the side of it was the word GOHO-M. He pressed the switch on the top, and suddenly
the whole chamber was filled with smoke.

Nanako blacked out.



Chapter 333: 6/28 - Evening

Arsene.

Covered in flames. Covered in...something else. A red light.

Arsene, larger. Deformed. Out of control.

And then this Arsene blurred in Nanako's vision. She blinked several times, trying to focus
on the shape of the Persona. When the shape focused again, the color and presence was the
same, but the shape had changed. Longer. Angular.

Familiar.

It was Izanagi. But it wasn't.

Nanako heard a voice. It was familiar but strange. It came from everywhere at once.

"Magatsu...Izanagi!"

"Don't!" Nanako yelled as she sat straight up.

"Oh my God, Nanako!" Ann cried. Her arms were around Nanako and pulling her face into
Ann's chest in the blink of an eye.

"She's okay," Morgana said.

"That's a relief," Niijima said.

"See, bro? She's tougher than that," Ryuuji said in a low voice, presumably to Ren.

Nanako gently pushed away from Ann's embrace, trying to get her bearings. She was still in
her police uniform, though a lot of the armor had been pulled off of her, including her gun
and the Compendium. Her boots were off. Her hair had been taken out of twin-tails, too.

She was on Ann's couch, in Ann's apartment. The rest of the Phantom Thieves were gathered
around. There were half-finished takeout boxes and the lingering scent of cheap teriyaki.

"I'm okay," Nanako said, patting Ann on the back. Ann was shaking, trying to hold back sobs
while hot tears streamed through her mascara on down her cheeks.

Nanako looked at Ren. He had his arms crossed and his jaw was tight. But he wasn't wearing
his glasses, and there was a twinkle of relief in his eyes.

"How long have I been out?"

"A couple of hours," Ryuuji said, sitting on the coffee table across from the couch.



"If it weren't for Morgana's quick thinking, things could've gotten much worse," Yusuke
added. He was still scraping his chopsticks along the last dredges of teriyaki sauce and
sucking on the ends.

"Thanks, Morgana," Nanako said. She reached out and pet his head.

"Ah, stop it, it's just what the Phantom Thieves do."

"That was risky," Ren said. The words were stern, even a tiny bit angry. Nanako shrugged.

"Hanuman has high physical defense. I knew what I was doing. We needed to protect the
team."

"You are part of the team," Ren reminded her.

"Guys, there's no sense in arguing about it," Ann cut in. "We made it out."

"Yes. The next order of business is figuring out how to defeat the B.O.A.R." Niijima said.

"That's easy," Ryuuji said. "We spend the next several days grinding it out in Mementos until
we get strong enough to kick its ass. Maybe Ren picks up a few extra Personas along the way.
We can buy some new weapons."

"Yeah, that's probably the best plan," Ann said.

"Agreed. It will also give us a chance to practice attacking with a rapid sequence of damage
types. We can develop attack patterns and command signals so our reaction time is seamless,"
Niijima said.

Nanako looked over at Ren. His jaw was even tighter. But why? What had Ren so upset that-

...oh. Of course.

"We can't," Nanako said.

"Huh? Why not?" Ann asked as she dabbed her cheeks with the corner of her sweater.

"Compyshiro is part of Kaneshiro's shadow self, just like Kamothreeda. Except that this part
of his shadow self is building up defenses. And you saw how it was, the more we fought it,
the stronger it got against us," Nanako said.

"Right, but that's why we come at it with things its never seen before!" Ryuuji said, punching
his hand. "We'll overwhelm it with our strength."

"Except we can't risk leaving it. Isn't that right?" Nanako said, looking to Ren. Ren nodded.

"Remember the danger of Kamothreeda...if Kamothreeda rejoined Kamoshida's main
shadow, it would've gained the knowledge it had collected."

Niijima gasped. "And if this part of Compyshiro rejoins Kaneshiro's primary shadow..."



"We'll never be able to defeat it," Nanako said. "Which means we have to go back in
tomorrow and destroy it."

A cloud fell over the team. They were all silent a long moment, each stewing in the thoughts
of this revelation.

"Must we fight Kaneshiro's shadow?" Yusuke asked. "Could we not simply go around it?
Finish our infiltration, send the calling card, and then steal the treasure without fighting
him?"

"That would be ideal," Morgana said. "And that's been our plan every time. But we've never
been able to pull it off. Both times we've had to defeat the shadow before we were able to
take the treasure."

"Hope for the best but plan for the worst," Niijima said.

"Something like that, yeah," Morgana said. "I don't think we can go in assuming that we
won't have to defeat Kaneshiro's shadow."

"Let's not all be so dreary," Nanako said, standing up. Everyone watched, tense, worried that
she might fall. And for a heartbeat, Nanako did feel incredibly dizzy. But she kept herself
steady. "We still have a final trick up our sleeve. If Ren and I use our Showtime attack, we'll
be able to hit it with enough different damage types to break through its defenses. All you
have to do is give us enough time to set it up and bend the Metaverse."

"Yeah...that's right...I forgot about that," Ryuuji said. He stood up too. "Hell yeah, that'll
totally work!"

"Then all we need to do is think of a tactic for keeping it busy," Niijima said. "That's much
more manageable."

The Phantom Thieves started strategizing, but it was immediately giving Nanako a headache.

"Guys...can I maybe get something to eat...?"

"Oh, shoot, sorry," Ann said. "I saved you some, let me get it."

"Come on," Ren said, offering out his arm to help her over to the table. Nanako was pretty
sure she didn't need it, but she took it anyway. It felt nice to touch him. He led her over to the
table and they sat. Ann warmed up the food and then dropped it off in front of her, along with
a bottle of sparkling water. The rest of the team stayed in the living room and talked strategy
while Ren watched Nanako eat.

"You realize it won't be that easy, right?" Ren said.

"I know. But they need to believe it will be. The last thing we need is them hesitating."

"If it doesn't work..."



"If it doesn't work, we'll improvise," Nanako said. She took a mighty bite of meat and rice
and chewed.

"Nanako..."

"Hm?"

"I..."

He reached across and took her hand.

"I can't lose you."

"You won't," Nanako said. "But...you can't lose yourself, either."

He frowned. "What do you mean by that?"

"This is a dangerous thing we're doing," Nanako said. "You have to promise me, right now,
that if something happens to me-"

"It won't-"

Nanako squeezed his hand. "-if something happens to me...you can't lose yourself. Don't give
into the hate and despair. This isn't about me. This is about justice for those who can't protect
themselves."

"Nanako..."

"Promise me."

He took a deep breath.

"I promise."



Chapter 334: 6/29 - Lunch

Pi pi pi. 

Pi pi pi. 

Pi pi pi. 

Pi pi pi.

"Ugh, enough already!" Nanako growled to herself as she muted her phone entirely. It had
been blowing up all night and all morning with discussions about the strategy for attacking
the B.O.A.R. this afternoon. She supposed she should be glad that so much effort was going
into planning for a very dangerous battle, but -

"Whoah, you're gonna eat all that?" Ryuuji asked.

Nanako blinked. After she shut off her phone, she had just gone through her lunchtime
motions on automatic, going down to buy some bread from the store before it ran out and
then eat it...

...except she forgot her big bro had packed her a lunch.

So now she was standing in the hallway with effectively two lunches.

"Oh. Shoot."

"Hey, I'm gonna power load too. Today's gonna be rough. And I'm sure your head hurts from
all the planning you guys have been doing," Ryuuji said.

"Actually...I haven't been involved in the strategy."

"Eh? Why not?"

"Have you?" Nanako countered.

"No, but I'm just the muscle. Ann and I know what we're good at, and that ain't it. We muted
those notifications last night. But I figured you'd be in on it, I mean you're like...the second in
command."

"Morgana, Ren, and Niijima have it down. Too many strategists spoil the plan."

Nanako tore open the wrapper of her bread and bit it savagely, chewing it with the ferocity of
a lion eating a gazelle that had hunted it only because it hated that particular gazelle. Ryuuji
made a face.

"Maybe we should eat somewhere away from the others today..."

Soon, they were on the roof. She and Haru had spent a lot of time reorganizing it so it was
nice up there, including their little round table they used for tea and snacks, so they sat there.



"Niijima's gonna get mad if she finds us up here, she kicked us out, remember?" Nanako said.

"Eh, yeah, but she's on our side now. Honestly, I don't see why we can't use this for our
hideout again, it makes more sense than hanging out in the walkway at the station. Or hell,
why not just use Ann's place? Her parents are never there anyway."

"Yeah, but the landlord keeps an eye on her, and I don't think she could constantly get away
with random people coming in and out all the time. Especially with boys."

Which, Nanako realized, was pretty ironic.

"True. I'm gonna suggest we move back here."

"If you feel like arguing with Niijima, go for it."

They ate for a few moments.

"That's what's bothering you, isn't it? Niijima, I mean."

"No."

"Yeah it is."

"No!"

"Look, Nanako...I don't really get why you don't like her. You guys are like...on opposite
sides of the same circle."

"Don't you mean two sides of the same coin?"

"Nah, I mean opposite sides of the same circle. It's from that movie...you know the one. With
Bruce Willis and Sam Jackson. He's like a superhero and he's a bad guy and one breaks his
legs from breathing wrong while the other can't get hurt. Oh, I think that was what it was
called - Inhurtable."

"You mean Unbreakable?" Nanako asked.

"Yeah! That's the one!" Ryuuji said, slapping his knee excitedly. "That's a dope-ass movie."

"It was pretty good. But I don't remember what you're talking about."

"Glass guy says that he and the good guy are on opposite sides of the same circle. One of
them is invincible, while the other is super easily damaged. That's kinda like you and
Makoto."

Nanako frowned, finishing her bread and moving into eating her packed lunch. "How the hell
do you figure that?"

"You're both daughters of cops. You both lost your mothers at a young age. You both have an
older sibling with silver hair that takes care of you."



"And?"

"And that means you're in the same circle. But you're on opposite sides of it. Your dad got
remarried and you have a great new mom. Instead, her dad died. Your older brother has cared
about you and protected you in every single step of your life, including letting you crash at
his place. Meanwhile, Makoto's sister is not only the enemy of the Phantom Thieves, she is
actively ignoring Makoto at home. She won't even eat with her anymore, and she sees
Makoto as just a burden."

Nanako felt her heart drop, and with it, her appetite.

"I didn't know that..."

"And you're both trying to protect people and bring justice. You're both smart, you're both
kick-ass fighters. I don't know what she did to rub you the wrong way, and I know she got
your friend into a big mess...but if you were living on her end of the circle, would you be any
different?"

That was a hard question to answer. Her pride bristled in her gut and told her that of course
she would be different. She would be better. She would be exactly the same person she was
now.

But that wasn't true, because she knew how important all of the people in her life were to
making her who she was. Without them....

...would she even be as amazing as Niijima?

Probably not. She would've been swallowed up by it all.

"Why you gotta be right, Ryuuji..."

"Huh?"

"I'll talk it out with her," Nanako said. "Thanks."

He shrugged, uncomfortable with the praise.

"Ryuuji...if something happens to me..."

"Why would something happen to you?" he asked, frowning.

"I mean, you saw what happened yesterday."

"Yeah, but that could happen any day we're in the Metaverse. It's always dangerous."

"I know. But it feels more real now and...well, if something happens to me..."

"Don't worry. I'll take care of him. I know I haven't known him that long, and this is gonna
sound cheesy as hell, but Ren's my best friend."



"Thanks."

"But you don't have to thank me because ain't nothing gonna happen to you, now stop it with
the dreary shit."

"Fair enough," Nanako said.



Chapter 335: 6/29 - The Bank of Gluttony
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

The Phantom Thieves looked at the plan set out on the marble table in the center of the last
Safe Room before they returned to the B.O.A.R.'s lair.

"It's solid," Nanako said. "I think it'll work."

"So long as everyone remembers their parts..." Mona said, eyeing Skull.

"Watch it, meow mix."

"Showtime is in five minutes. Make your final preparations," Joker said.

Each of the Phantom Thieves did their final checks. It was funny how they had all developed
little rituals. Panther didn't know it, but she posed to herself. Skull slid his hand up and down
the shaft of his pipe. Yusuke would frame things in his fingers, trying different angles of the
objects in the room. Joker shut his eyes and concentrated. Queen was still making frantic
notes on the plan. Mona stared at Panther. Nanako double checked her gun, then gave the
straps of the Compendium a pull.

None of these things mattered in the Metaverse, but it also completely mattered, since their
belief in their preparation made it true.

"Um, Queen," Nanako found herself saying in a small, stilted voice. The other girl turned
around.

"Yes?"

"I just wanted to say...sorry."

"Oh," Queen said, sounding surprised.

"It's...I haven't been very welcoming, I know," Nanako said. "And...it's probably not your
fault?"

"Probably?"

"Sorry, I didn't mean it like that! What I mean is, I don't really know why you irritated me so
much. Maybe I have good reasons, maybe I don't. But I don't want to feel that way anymore.
So I've decided to trust you completely and hope that the rest just falls into place."

"O-oh, okay," Queen said, looking down at her feet. "I'm...glad, I guess. I'm sorry for
whatever trouble I caused."

"You haven't. You've been nothing but a trustworthy teammate the whole time."



"Thanks."

"You're welcome."

They made eye contact.

"This is...super awkward. I'm going to go...over there," Nanako said.

"Okay," Queen said, spinning around quickly. Nanako grimaced as she walked to Joker.
Everyone else on the team was very intentionally not looking at her or Queen.

"Where did that come from?" Joker asked, his mouth quirking in a half-smirk.

"Skull made some good points. So did you. And...well, everyone. I just figured it was time to
get over myself."

"I'm glad," Joker said.

He glanced at his watch.

"Five minutes is up. Places, everyone."

--

"So you've come to test your strength again," Compyshiro declared from his code face on the
monitors. "By my calculations, my B.O.A.R. is at 93% effectiveness. There is only the
smallest margin for your victory. You would be better off simply accepting Kaneshiro's will
in the real world and work for one of the smartest criminal leaders in all of Japan."

"Shut the hell up, bytes for brains!" Ryujji said, rushing up to the computer tower and giving
it a whang with his pipe. The metallic boom echoed in the chamber.

"Very well, your choice has been made. Initiating final test."

The Phantom Thieves all leapt into the air, moving into their assigned positions. As the floor
lowered, Queen, Panther, Skull, Nanako, Fox, and Joker formed a demi-circle on opposite of
the door's location. Like before, the door slowly rumbled open and the B.O.A.R. took a step
forward.

Phase 1: Confuse.

"Mandrake!" Joker slid forward and pulled his mask. The androgynous plant pixie appeared
and immediately cast Pulpina. The B.O.A.R. immediately picked up speed in its charge. It
was difficult to know how much effect the spell had, but they had prepared for the fact that
best-case scenario was that it would only have a partial-effect.

So far, the B.O.A.R. did not seem to have a specific target in mind in its charge. Perhaps that
was as best they could get from the spell.



"Smoke 'em!" Skull declared. Each of the Phantom Thieves began to run towards the
B.O.A.R., each popping the pin off of a smoke grenade, leaving a trail behind them. They
suddenly stopped at once, turned around, and threw the grenades at their feet, and ran back
into the new smoke trails they had just made. Nanako veered right, knowing that Fox was
going to go left and cross his path behind hers. If the B.O.A.R. was trying to track an
individual target, this was going to make it more difficult.

The B.O.A.R. kept running, of course. The Phantom Thieves kept themselves close enough
together that it if it could still track them it would hopefully still see charging forward as a
valid attack pattern.

Phase 2: Pin.

"Break!" Queen called out.

Johanna roared its metallic engine roar. She shot the bike forward. Joker, Nanako, and
Panther all reached out and grasped onto either Queen herself or an edge of Johanna and
gripped for dear life as they zipped under the B.O.A.R.'s legs and into the chamber behind
them.

Fox and Skull had both leapt to either side and summoned their Personae. Both Captain Kidd
and Goemon were slamming their impressive physical strength behind the B.O.A.R.'s horns,
shoving the mechanical beast's head into the wall.

The whole chamber shook. The sound was deafening and Nanako felt it rumble in her chest.
She almost lost her grip.

Queen skid the bike around and the three passengers let themselves be tossed. Panther slid
across the floor gracefully as she silpped off her mask. Carmen appeared and unleashed an
intense, concussive blast of fire at the B.O.A.R.'s rear. Queen, on Johanna, rode up to behind
the B.O.A.R.'s back right quarter flank and unleashed Varja Blast after Varja Blast.

Joker and Nanako were both mid-air when they fired their grappling hooks.

Phase 3: Showtime.

All they had to do was swing back around and land on the flanks. Nanako could already feel
the building connection between her and Joker as they swung above the battle. They were
two lovers, defying the chaos of the world, reaching never-before-seen heights. They were
the leader and his number one, flawlessly executing the plan.

They were the two wildcards, the two Jokers in a deck of cards.

The Metaverse was already shifting beneath the B.O.A.R.'s feet, the metal world melting
away, already being replaced by the marble and purple carpeting .

They just had to land and unleash-

Nanako tried to cry out in pain. She didn't have the air for it. Instead what came was a choked
gurgle. More like a cough.



She was falling. She knew she had to grip onto the grapping hook, but her fingers weren't
working. She couldn't really feel her hand anymore. It felt cold. Except for the splotch of
warmth that was on her forearm, slowly creeping its way up to her hand. Maybe that would
warm up her hand, whatever it was.

Oh. It was her blood.

She looked at her belly. There was something sticking out of it. Something sharp. Something
pointy. And there was a whirring sound.

She was being pulled down, faster than she should be falling. Joker was above her, getting
smaller. He was reaching his hand out, but it was so tiny now. He was yelling something, but
she couldn't hear it.

The scream finally escaped her mouth when her whole body impacted on the top of the
B.O.A.R.

Her head rolled left. Not because she wanted it to. She would rather look at Joker. But she
couldn't now. She could see that the top of the B.O.A.R. had opened up again, but instead of
the missiles it had fired last time, it had a row of harpoon guns on its back.

Oh. A harpoon. That's what happened.

Speared out of the sky, like a fish.

A...bird?

A flying fish.

Did people harpoon flying fish? Or did they just grab them out of the air?

What were those flying fish called in those Mario games?

Everything moved again. The B.O.A.R. was bucking, kicking, thrashing around. People were
yelling, she thought, but it was all really far away from her. More of her blood was spreading
on her skin, she could feel it spreading warmth on the outside of her skin.

It was supposed to be spreading warmth on the inside of her skin.

Get back in there, blood.

You're not supposed to be out here.

Nanako shut her eyes.

Then she opened them.

"Ren!" she called. Her voice barely moved past her lips. It was weird, like sound just didn't
have a purpose here. Wherever "here" was.



She looked. She blinked.

She was standing in a fog a blue-tinted fog. Ahead of her was an open doorway, a rectangle
of white light. She was standing on the light cast on the floor, like a bridge.

She turned around, trying to get away from the door. But when she turned around, she found
she was still facing the door.

"Oh," she said. "It's over."

And that was it. Her life. Done.

She just stood there for a minute. She might as well, it wasn't like there was a point in
rushing. She thought.

Were her friends going to survive? Probably. They were tough. They'd beat this thing. And
then they'd be sad. For a while. Ren, especially. But Ryuuji promised...

Oh, her dad. He'd be sad too. Very sad. He'd blame himself for letting her go to Tokyo. Big
bro would blame himself for not keeping a better eye on her. But mom would save dad. Rise
would save Yu.

Shiho would save Ann.

There was nobody to save Haru. That made her sad a bit.

Makoto would step up for the rest of the team. She'd push them on, even if Ren didn't want
to.

It was weird. She wanted to be sad, but every time she thought of sad things, she realized that
it would be okay. Her bonds...they weren't just with her. The bonds went to everyone,
strengthened everyone, made the community better.

"Was that what you were trying to teach me, Margaret?"

There was no answer.

The only thing she was really sad about was that she only had that one perfect kiss with Ren.
She'd wish there'd been a lot more.

Oh well.

She walked towards the doorway.

And then she recoiled back. A door slammed in her face - a door she didn't even realize was
there. And it was a terrifying door made of solid gold, wrapped shut with barbed wire. There
was a statue on the front of the door - a young woman, her body stretched out against it,
made of stone. Her gaze was eternal.



Nanako felt a strong push and she was suddenly on her butt. She scrambled to pick herself
up, but felt a new presence looming over her.

She looked up.

It was a girl, about her age, with red hair, wearing a uniform. The uniform seemed
familiar...she'd seen it once, somehwere.

Oh right.

Akihiko's desk.

Kotone crossed her arms and glared.

"And where the hell do you think you're going?"

Chapter End Notes

Thank you all for the recent kind words! I've been working hard lately to "level up" my
writing, so I'm glad it's paying off. And I appreciate all of your comments about Ryuuji -
I love that bro too.

I'm always reminded of Kittan, from Gurren Lagann, when I think of Ryuuji. In the later
episode, Yoko is talking to Kittan and says that while Kamina and Simon were leading
the group from the top, Kittan was leading from the bottom, pushing everyone higher on
his shoulders.

Anyway, hope you like this chapter, it was a rough one to write.



Chapter 336: 6/29 - ?????

"I was going through the only door there was...?" Nanako said. Her voice sounded more
normal now, like there was suddenly air in the room. Kotone frowned.

"You're DEAD, Nanako. Well, almost dead. Very close to dead. You walk through that door
and you're definitely dead."

"There's nowhere else to go," Nanako said again. She got up and felt irritation bubbling up.
The peaceful acceptance from a minute ago was gone. "It's not like I wanted to die!"

"You were supposed to help Akihiko!"

"I was! But it was tougher than we thought and I made a mistake."

"Damnit, this is really going to ruin everything..." Kotone said.

"Gee, sorry my death has been so inconvenient for you."

"It really is."

"I mean, you died too, you understand-"

"I'm not dead," Kotone cut her off. The words were so cold that Nanako felt too afraid to
speak.

"Then...are you a goddess...?"

Kotone sighed. "No. I'm...I don't know what I am. But I had a lot of faith in you, Nanako! I
really thought you were going to pull through for me. You had all the great makings of a true
wild card! You were so much like your brother..."

"Huh? You know Yu?"

"Not personally. But I watched him."

"You know his whole adventure?! Can you tell me? Is that what you're supposed to do now,
tell me everything I wanted to know about my life? Are you like an angel?"

"Shut up for a second," Kotone growled, rubbing her temples. "This hurts my head. I'm not
sure how to answer these questions, I've never had to explain what I am before."

"Oh. Sorry."

Kotone took several long breaths.

"I had to fight a...thing."



"A thing?"

"Yes, a thing. That's all I can say about it, otherwise...ugh, I can't even explain that part! You
can't know what it is, see, cause if you do, it'll...ugh, I can't say that either!" Kotone was
looking more and more distraught.

"Okay, okay," Nanako said, holding up her hands placatingly. "You had to fight a thing.
And...you couldn't destroy it so you...became the door?"

"Yes! Yes, that, exactly that! So there I was. A door. Pretty boring being a door, but I wasn't
really conscious of what was going on. Just...existed. Kind of peaceful, actually. But then
something happened, something big. Something with your big bro, something that shifted a
bunch of stuff in the Metaverse or the Dark Hour or the Midnight Channel or whatever you
want to call it."

"Can you tell me what it was...?" Nanako probed.

"No."

"Because that'll mean the thing can do the bad thing?"

"No, because it's not my story to tell."

"That's frustrating," Nanako said.

"I'm sure it is. Anyway, when that events with your bro happened, something happened to
me. I...morphed, I guess. I didn't really wake up, because I'm not exactly the same as I was
before I was Door-chan, but I'm not just a door anymore. I'm a...thing. A different thing than
the bad thing, but a thing nonetheless. And the longer I'm this thing, the more I can do stuff."

"What kind of stuff?"

"Mostly watch. That doesn't seem like a big deal, but it is when you used to not be able to
have your own thoughts or control what you're looking at. Oh, and sometimes I can send a
message to one of my friends, but I can only do it when they're asleep, and honestly, they
don't usually remember it that well. I think they think of it as a dream."

"I remember your messages," Nanako pointed out.

"Yes, that's because I yanked you up to me. That was new, I hadn't tried that before. But I'd
seen you go down to see Elizabeth's sister, so I thought maybe I could also pull you up. And
it worked!"

"So...can you send me back, then?" Nanako asked, trying not to sound too excited. "I mean,
you don't want me dead, I don't want to be dead..."

"I could. But it wouldn't do you much good. See?"

Suddenly they weren't in the foggy void anymore. The light hurt Nanako's eyes. When they
finally adjusted, she could see that they were back in the chamber with the B.O.A.R.



Everything was in grayscale, though. Nothing was moving.

A moment, frozen in time.

Her friends were all reeling. Along with the harpoons bristling out of the back, four prods had
extended out of the belly of the B.O.A.R. and into the ground. Lightning was shooting out of
the prods and into the floor, electrocuting Panther, Queen, and Fox where they stood, their
bodies contorted in strange poses.

Skull was mostly immune to electricity, but the B.O.A.R. had thought of that and smashed
the side of his horn into both Captain Kidd and Skull.

Joker was still diving headlong to save Nanako, panic in his eyes.

Nanako was mid-air. Apparently all the bucking had kicked her body off of the harpoon. But
there was a massive, bloody hole in her torso. So much of her blood was all over the back of
the B.O.A.R. and all across her body.

"If you send me back...I go into there."

"Yeah. You'll only have a few seconds. Then you'll be back at the door."

"What if I heal myself?" Nanako asked. Kotone frowned and walked closer to Nanako's body,
considering it. She then floated into the air and made her way over to the Compendium
hanging at Nanako's side. Still frozen in time, Kotone couldn't open it, but it seemed she
didn't need to. She touched it, and a green light radiated from her fingertips, blending with a
blue light that radiated in response from the Compendium's cover.

"I don't think you have anything strong enough. You'd need someone else to help you, and as
you can see, everyone else is injured. By the time they realized you were save-able, it'd
probably be too late...unless..."

"Unless?"

"Well, if you could heal everyone at the same time...but you don't have that skill..."

Kotone grunted in frustration and landed back on the floor.

"I guess I could just do that...but it seems sort of unfair...I mean the whole purpose of you
helping me was so you can earn it as a reward, giving you the reward ahead of time...but then
again, if you die now, you can't help me, so..."

"What are you talking about?" Nanako asked.

"Remember, I promised you one of my Personae if you helped me. I could give you one that
would help you out of this exact mess."

"Well then what are you waiting for!"

"What if you take my Persona and run!"



"I'm going to help Akihiko! I'm helping Chie anyway, remember?"

"Ah, right, yeah," Kotone said, scrunching up her face and rubbing her temples again. "Sorry.
Lot of talking. Don't do much talking. I'm getting all confused again."

"It's okay. Listen, if it makes it easier, I promise to help Akihiko even if you give me the
Persona. And, I won't ask for another one when the job is done. We can consider it like being
paid upfront."

"Mm. Mm, mm, okay, that'll work. That settles it. I'll give you my Persona. You'll have to use
it right away though, okay? Remember, you're only going to have a few seconds."

"Right, got it, use it right away."

"Oh, and uh, Nanako..." Kotone paused, frowning. "You can't...you can't do this again,
okay?"

"What do you mean?"

"Dying. You can't die again. Next time, I won't be able to put you back in. I don't think your
soul could handle being stuck back a third time."

Nanako blinked and shook her head. Her mind was reeling. She heard the words, but she
didn't understand them.

"Third? What are you talking about?"

"This isn't the first time you've died, Nanako."

Nanako felt cold. Dizzy. Confused.

"The bear cheated last time and put you back. And I'm kinda cheating too, but I have a bit
more authority to do that because of my connection to...the bad thing. But anyway, even with
my power, I can't do this again. So don't die anymore."

"Bear? You mean Teddie? What are you talking about?"

"Sorry. Not my story to tell."

Nanako yelped as Kotone suddenly grabbed her by the side of the head and pressed a gun
into her temple.

"What the hell!?" Nanako yelled.

"This is how I give you my Persona, chill out."

"By shooting me in the side of the head?!"

Kotone looked up at Nanako's floating body.

"Oh, true, you probably need to be shot in the back of the head."



"What!?"

Kotone whirled around and stood behind Nanako, pressing the gun to the back of her skull,
directly between her twin tails. The world shifted again and the ceiling of the chamber was
suddenly gone. Everything was bathed in green light as a giant green moon appeared in the
sky.

"Take care of her, okay?"

"Take care of who!?" Nanako yelled.

"I wasn't talking to you, Nanako."

BANG!

Nanako felt her head jerk. The world was colorful again, and she could feel herself falling.
Everything was moving very slowly.

Something was shattering out of the front of her head - fragments of green light. They fit
together, forming a card. It glowed, just like any of her other Persona cards, but this one had a
green design on the back and a matching green glow.

Her hand moved painfully slow towards the card. As it got closer, she could hear a voice in
her head.

I am not thou.

Thou art not I.

Yet my mistress commands me to aid you.

Call my name and claim my power.

Nanako's fingers closed on the card.

"Orpheus!"

She was terrifying and awesome. She was inhuman, a mechanical doll, crafted to be
beautiful, but wasn't - she was too close to human, but not human enough. She was wreathed
in fire that burned from her head and neck. The flames died away, revealing a mane of red
hair and a scarlet scarf.

Opheus drew her heart-shaped heart, precise fingers at the read.

"Cadenza!"

With a single stroke of her fingers, the harp sang. Green healing energy filled Nanako,
knitting the whole in her torso back together, returning life and vitality to her body. But it
didn't just stop there. The song resonated through the room, healing every one of her friends.



It was enough.

Orpheus reached down and grabbed Nanako by the hand, pulling her away from the
B.O.A.R. and its awaiting harpoon back.

"Bastard!" Skull roared, driving his pipe into one of the electrodes while Kidd fired multiple
shots from his cannon arm, using explosive damage to break them off their delicate stalks.

There was a metallic thwip as Joker used his grappler to redirect himself, moving to land on
the other side of the B.O.A.R. Nanako had a hard time concentrating, exhilarated from the
new Persona - and coming back to life. But she had to re-establish that mental connection
with Joker.

I love you so much that I came back from death for you, she thought to herself.

The shift was instantaneous. The force of their will created the bubble. The Showtime had
begun.

"It's nice of you to bring your collectible cards to the battle," Joker said, gesturing to the
Compendium. "Maybe you can take down the enemy with your Blue Eyes Fight Dragon?"

"Oh you're right, I should definitely let you and your Halloween masks save us," Nanako said
winking.

She opened the Compendium.

He reached to his mask.

"Pixie!"

Pixie appeared behind the B.O.A.R. and shot a small lightning bolt.

"Jack O Lantern!" Nanako said, pulling out the card from the Compendium, crushing it, and
sending fire.

"Bicorn!" Mask off, Garu wind blast.

"Oberon!" Card crush, physical attack.

"Silky!"

"Angel!"

"Obariyon!"

"Legion!"

"Asparas!"

"Titan!"



"Hua Po!"

"Berith!"

"Inugami!"

Card, mask, card, mask, card, mask, attack after attack after attack, faster and faster while the
B.O.A.R. could do nothing but endure it.

"Arsene!

"Orpheus!"

Simultaneously, with one voice, they said: "RAVAGE THEM!"

Arsene unleashed a massive blast of the Curse Energy while Orpheus let loose with Fire. In
one cacophonous explosion, the B.O.A.R. was nothing but flaking ashes.

When the attacks finished, Joker was standing next to Nanako, slipping his mask on adjusting
his gloves.

"How was that?"

"Let's call it a draw," Nanako said.

She closed the Compendium.

And then the bubble of cognition, the Showtime, vanished with it.

Everything was still for a moment.

"It worked," Fox said with a smile.

"We did it!" Panther cheered.

"Yes....impressive," Compyshiro said from his computer tower. "But you've played your hand
far too far this time, Phantom Thieves. Now I will-...what the..."

Everyone looked up.

It was Mona.

He was falling from the tower. Apparently he'd been hiding on top of one of the monitors.

"What is that cat..." Compyshiro said.

"One last present from the Phantom Thieves," Mona said, holding his tiny paw out. There
was a detonator in it.

Blossoms of fire and smoke erupted from the bombs he had been planting on the computer
tower. Compyshiro let out one scrambled cry of surprise - it sounded like an old modem.



And then the computer tower started to turn into the dark, inky sludge, melting back into the
fabric of the Metaverse.

"Caaaaaaatch meeeeee....!"

Panther rushed forward and dove, catching Mona in midair. The two of them tumbled end
over end until Panther landed on her feet.

Mona had his face pressed into her chest.

"Oh...thank you Lady Ann....thank you so much..."

Panther set him down. She looked up at the hole where the computer used to be. Then she
looked at Nanako.

"What the heck?"

"I don't know," Nanako said, turning to Joker. "That wasn't in the plan..."

"I know," Queen said. "I'm sorry. The only ones who knew were me, Mona, and Joker."

"Whaaaaaaa?" Skull said.

"The B.O.A.R. wasn't Compyshiro. That was just a shadow it created. The computer was
Compyshiro, the fragment of Kaneshiro's full shadow self," Mona said. "We never had to
defeat the B.O.A.R. Just the computer."

"What?!" Skull yelled. "Then why didn't we just come in and blast it to begin with!"

"Because we needed to make sure its defenses were down. We needed a distraction. Mona
slipped away right when we entered and started to set up the bombs. If Compyshiro was
alerted to our plan, it might have come up with a counter-attack. That's why I didn't tell the
rest of you...I was worried you might tip Compyshiro off somehow, with body language or...I
don't know," Queen said.

She turned directly to Nanako.

"I'm sorry. After all that stuff you said about trusting me...."

"It's fine," Nanako said.

She could feel Skull and Panther look at her in shock, then to each other for confirmation,
then back at Nanako again.

"You did it for the team, right? You wanted to make sure we were successful. So it's okay.
Thank you for the plan."

"Oh. Good." Queen said.

"Are you okay?" Panther asked. "That hit looked really bad...."



"It was painful, but it wasn't as bad as it looked," Nanako said, hoping her lie would hold.
"Should we press on?"

"No," Joker said, clear that his word was final on the matter. "We've done enough for today.
Let's head back."



Chapter 337: 6/29 - Evening

Nanako wanted to go home.

Not home to the apartment. Home. To Inaba.

Specifically, she wanted to be 10 years old again. Mom and dad had been married for a year
and mom's presence had gone from magical to mundane in the way that her favorite blanket
had become mundane. Dependable, comfortable.

Nanako had gotten the flu and was laid up for a week. She drank a lot of soup, watched a lot
of TV, had strange fever dreams and felt a lot of damp washcloths on her forehead. It was the
first time she could remember being completely vulnerable and completely safe at the same
time. She could drop all of her worries and focus on healing.

That's what she wanted.

She supposed death would do that to a person.

But she couldn't go back to that. Not just because the ride to Inaba was too long - she was
sure that her parents would jump at the chance for her to come back, even if it meant missing
a little school. And it wasn't just because she wasn't 10 anymore, though that was part of it
too.

How could she go back to Inaba and recover when there were still secrets there?

And so that was why despite being physically and mentally exhausted, Nanako didn't go
home after they exited Mementos. It was why she had got off the train at Shibuya and waited
for two more before getting back on and taking it all the way to Yogen-Jaya.

It was why she stood in front of the clinic, chewing on her lower lip, afraid to go in.

Which itself was sort of stupid, Nanako realized. She had spent all that time and effort getting
out there that she should at least follow through with the plan and see if it gained her any
peace. Otherwise, she was just being angsty, and she could've been angsty back at Yu's place,
under her covers, with a full belly.

"Come on, Nanako, buck up," she told herself.

It didn't help.

But she went in anyway.

Behind the security glass was Tae Takemi, looking a bit more ragged and worn out than when
she last saw her standing seductively in the door, chasing Yosuke away with her sexual
strength. It was at the tail end of the clinic's operating hours, so it made sense. But her



eyeshadow was smudged, her mascara was clumped, and her gorgeous silk blouse looked
rumbled and had a couple of dribbles of coffee.

"How can I help you today?" Takemi asked without looking up from the clipboard she was
filling out.

"I just had some questions. I was hoping that you could answer them."

"Are you a returning patient?" she asked, still not looking up from the clipboard.

"I don't know. Am I?"

Nanako felt that was being a little dramatic, but it at least got Takemi to look up. When she
did, that same shocked expression crossed her face.

"You again..."

"Dojima. Nanako Dojima," Nanako clarified. "So...am I returning patient?"

Takemi set the clipboard down and stared hard at Nanako. It was like she was examining her
through the glass, looking for traces of something in her face that she supposed only a trained
doctor could find.

"Don't you live in Inaba?" Takemi asked.

"I do. I did. I moved out here a couple of months ago," she said.

"Well, you should get a recommendation from your doctor in Inaba. They can make sure they
have all the appropriate medical documentation and should be able to assist you in any issues
you have."

"I did," Nanako lied. "They recommended you."

Takemi spat out a laugh like she was spitting out rotten natto. "Good try, and with any other
doctor that might have worked, but I know there's not a snowball's chance in hell anyone
recommended me as a doctor."

"Please," Nanako said, pressing her hand on the glass. "I don't really need medical advice, I
just need answers about what happened before."

"I don't know anything."

"That's not true. You called me the 'coma girl.' You recognize me. You knew where I lived."

"And what if that's the extent of what I know?" Takemi shot back, tilting her chin to rest in
her hand. She was trying to look cunning and intimidating, but then she yawned and it ruined
the effect.

"Nobody back home will tell me anything," Nanako said. "Just that I was really sick, I almost
died, and then I got better. And I know it was somehow in connection to the serial killings in



Inaba. But I don't have any memories of being attacked. And I don't have any scars, at least
not on the outside. I know I should just be thankful I'm alive and try to live past that tragedy
and not to hurt everyone else by making them relive it but...I can't. I need to know."

Nanako didn't realize how hard she was breathing until she stopped speaking. The words
sprayed out of her like a soda can that had been shaken too hard.

Takemi sighed as she hit a switch. There was a loud buzzing at the door as it unlocked.

Nanako rushed through it before Takemi could change her mind.

The two sat down in the examination room. Though there was an examination table, Nanako
didn't sit in, opting to sit in one of the rolling chairs instead. Takemi sat in the other, crossing
her fishnetted legs.

"Do you know what makes pediatric medicine so difficult?" Takemi asked right as Nanako
sat down.

"Not really," she replied.

"The changes. Children change so quickly from one year to the next that any medical oddities
you see has to be seen through a lot lenses. Strange growth on a skin, for example, might be a
tumor. Or it might be early onset puberty with subcutaneous acne. Dosages for medication
are always all over the place. A treatment might work great for a year or two, but then
suddenly stops working altogether. To be a good pediatrician, you have to constantly adjust."

"That makes sense," Nanako said.

"I'm a genius at it," Takemi said without a hint of pride or irony in her voice. It was a fact,
and she stated it as such. Nanako frowned, thinking, and Takemi clicked her pen a few times,
pointing it at Nanako.

"And now you're wondering if I'm a genius at pediatrics why am I running a general clinic?
That's a long story that I don't want to rehash and has nothing to do with you."

"Understood," Nanako said in a demure tone she generally only used with her father.

"Back then, I was finishing up my studies, just on the edge of being able to a doctor in my
own right, but my genius for pediatrics was already being recognized. So, when the case of a
little girl with an unknown medical issue came up, I was part of a team sent to Inaba to help
out."

"A specialized team? I always thought that it was the local doctors who treated me," Nanako
said.

"For the most part, that's true, especially once you had begun to make your recovery. But you
have to remember that your issues were related to the murders. You were a victim and they
didn't know what was making your body shut down."

"I guess that makes sense...what did happen to me?"



"I don't know," Takemi said.

"What? But you just-"

"I know. We were part of a specialized team sent to figure out what went wrong. And I'm
here to tell you that we never figured it out."

Takemi spun her pen in her fingers, deliberating something. She clicked it between spins, as
if each click was her trimming off the different paths of the conversation.

"There were three teams. The first was the Inaba team - they were the ones who knew you
best and it was their home facility, so they were the ones trying to keep your vitals steady.
The second was my team. Our job was to see if there was anything else medically wrong with
you."

"Huh? What do you mean?"

"It was theorized that perhaps you weren't actually harmed by the murderer, that maybe you
were down from something else. Malnutrition, shock, lupus, undetected cancer, that sort of
thing. We were to test for everything, think of anything that might be causing your issues, and
rule it out, one at a time."

"I see...and did you find anyt-"

Takemi held up a finger. "Don't interrupt me, Miss Dojima. I'm trying to think of details from
ten years ago, if you ruin my train of thought I may not find it again."

Nanako almost said 'sorry' but then decided that might also ruin her train of thought.

"The last team was a poison specialist team."

"Poison?!"

"It seemed to be the logical choice. There was nothing else indicating you were hurt - no cuts,
no bruises. That was the same with most of the other victims, other than the copycat one.
They were all just...dead. Autopsies didn't reveal any cause of death. So the running theory at
the time was that the murderer was using some sort of new poison, something that wasn't
detectable by the usual means."

"But I wasn't poisoned."

"No. Or at least, the poison team didn't find any conclusive evidence that was the case. They
weren't just working on your blood work, they were using all the previous victims as well.
Nothing they did seemed to indicate it was poison. And my team, well...as far as we could
tell, you were in perfect health. And I know we checked for EVERYTHING. Even kuru."

"Kuru?"

"Disease you get from eating human brains."



"Eck..." Nanako felt sick. Takemi waved it away.

"Sorry, it's not like we really thought you ate brains, but we were running out of ideas."

"So...if nobody could figure out what was wrong with me...how did I get better?"

"You didn't. You died."

She had expected that, of course. Kotone had already told her. But no matter how many times
she heard it, Nanako always felt that same dizzying drop in her stomach.

"But...I obviously didn't."

"I know. People flatline and come back all the time. But you were dead for a long time, Miss
Dojima. Almost a day. If it weren't for the fact that your father had completely lost it and
wasn't able to make any decisions, you might have been autopsied before you came back.
But...out of nowhere, you just opened up your eyes like nothing was wrong. And in case you
didn't know this, that's pretty much impossible, at least not without some serious brain
damage."

"Do I have brain damage?" Nanako asked.

"No. We did the MRIs and the CATs. Even an fMRI. Everything was fine."

"Then what?"

"I don't know. With our patient making a full recovery, there wasn't really a reason for us to
be there anymore. So we packed up and headed out. I made friends with one of the nurses
there, though, and I kept in contact with her. She told me you made a full recovery and that
nothing out of the ordinary seemed to be going on with you. You also didn't seem to
remember a lot of what happened, but that tracks with a lot of PTSD, especially with
someone that young. But I'm not a psych, so unpacking your trauma wasn't going to be on my
list of job duties."

Takemi yawned again. She set her pen down and pulled open a drawer, yanking out a tiny
canister containing an energy shot. The label was offensively neon green and had some sort
of aggressive word written in English on the side. She cracked it open and guzzled it down in
one motion.

"Not exactly the type of shot I was hoping to be doing right now..." Takemi said as she
chucked the bottle into a wastebasket.

"So I died despite being healthy...then just came back. Did it have to do with the murders?"

"I don't know. The police weren't very forthcoming with our team. They talked to the poison
people more, but even they didn't have all the clues. I guess they got the guy, though, which
turned out to be-"

"Another officer, I know," Nanako said.



"Then you'd probably know better than I would," Takemi said. "Did the guy ever confess to
how he did it?"

This was a good question. Nanako knew it was Adachi, the guy who'd been sort of a
surrogate uncle to Nanako back then. It was hard to think of him as a murderer, but dad's fury
at him had been so intense and so absolute that Nanako coped by not thinking about him. But
they must have questioned Adachi about it after it was all over, an he must have...

Right. The Metaverse. He was killing people in the Metaverse with that...Magatsu. That
Calamity. That would track with everything she knew about the Metaverse and how it could
affect a person. Morgana had theorized that killing a shadow would remove all desire from
the person, which would cause them to die. Was it the same with Adachi?

If that was the case...then it was big bro that caught Adachi. He and his friends went into the
Metaverse and tracked him down, confronted and defeated him.

Was that Yu's adventure? Was that his duty as the Wild Card?

If so, what would Adachi have said to the police? There was no way he could just admit to all
of that and they would believe him. Maybe he made something else up. Or maybe they just
thought he was crazy.

Chisato. Adachi.

The image of the two files in her dad's filing cabinet came rushing back. Adachi's file was
thick. Did it contain interview transcripts? She would have to sneak back into her dad's office
and-

"Hey, you okay?"

"Ah, sorry," Nanako said. "Just...lost in thought."

"I suppose hearing that you pulled a Lazarus would do that," Takemi mused.

"What's your theory? I know you didn't find something specific that caused it all, but if you
had to guess?"

"People said you had lost the will to live and then found it again. You were a miracle. Or an
answer to prayer. Or an actual angel. Or God took pity and sent you back."

"You don't sound like you believe in those theories," Nanako said.

"I'm a doctor. I'm a scientist. I don't believe in anything, just follow what can and cannot be
proven. But that said, I'm smart enough to know that I don't know everything and that there
are things we are still learning about the human mind and its connection to the body."

Takemi glanced at her watch.

"Look, I have to cut this short. Honestly, I don't have much else to tell you-"



"No, no, that's okay. You were a huge help," Nanako said, rising from her chair.

"Really? Well. Good, I guess," Takemi said, looking like she wasn't sure what to do or say.

"Listen...can you do me a favor?"

"I'm not your doctor."

"I know. But...the boy. Ren Amamiya. You know him, right?"

"Your boyfriend?"

"He's not-....whatever. Yes, him. Can you not tell him about any of this? I'm still...working
through it."

"Doctor-patient confidentiality. Your secret is safe with me."

"Thanks."

Nanako head through the door and back into the lobby. Just as she was about to step onto the
street, Takemi clicked on her intercom.

"Hey, by the way...let Yosuke know that if he ever changes his mind, he knows where to find
me."

"Uh...yeah. Sure will!"

Nanako rushed out.



Chapter 338: 6/30 - After School

"Are you sure you're okay?" Ann asked.

"Why do you keep asking me that?

"Maybe because you look like hell and you've yawned like three thousand times today?"

Nanako glowered. It was true, last night had been full of dreamless, pointless sleep. She'd
woken up literally every hour. She thought maybe her subconscious was afraid of her dying
again and wanted to make sure she was alive.

"Sorry that not all of us are radiating with the glow of new love," Nanako said, trying to pivot
the conversation in another direction. It worked, because Ann's face turned as bright red as
her Panther suit.

"Geez, is it really that obvious?"

Nanako deftly dove her hand into Ann's bookbag and pulled out a notebook, flipping it onto
the back cover. Written there was a comprehensive list.

Shiho Takamaki Ann Suzui Ann Takamaki-Suzui Shiho Suzui-Takamaki

The variations continued.

Ann scrambled to snatch it back and stuff it into her book bag.

"Don't show that to everyone!"

"There's nobody here."

"There could be!"

"I think it's cute. When are you guys going out again?"

"Tonight, actually...I'm nervous again."

"Why?"

The two of them finished their descent down the front steps of the school and turned on their
way towards the station.

"What do you mean why? It's only our second date."

"Your second date with your girlfriend, whom you've known for years. I mean, being nervous
about confessing I understand, but going on a date?"

"Just wait until it's your turn and see how calm and collected you are."



"Don't make this about me," Nanako protested.

"I am absolutely making it about you, you keep...wait, is that...?"

Nanako turned to look up. At this point, they would turn along the street and head down into
the station, but dead ahead of them was a parked black car with its emergency blinkers
flashing. Rise waited by the open rear passenger door, wearing sunglasses, a bright orange
tanktop, and white capris pants with matching orange heels. Even standing there, casually
waiting by the side of the road, she had her idol magnetism. Shujin students kept glancing
over at her and whispering. A couple were trying to sneak pictures on their phones.

"Ladies!" she said, waving her hand high above her head enthusiastically. "I just left a
particularly frustrating contract negotiation, and I need to spend money to feel better. Get in
the car, we're shopping!"

Nanako felt like seven years old again, like she'd been told she could go to the ice cream shop
and have whatever she wanted. She immediately darted forward. Ann hesitated.

"Come on Ann-chan, you too," Rise said. Ann nodded and followed, getting into the car
behind Nanako. Rise slipped in last, pulling the door shut.

"The usual places, Yoshimo," she said to the driver.

"Yes, Miss Rise," the driver said.

--

If shopping with Ann was like a 10K, shopping with Rise was like a marathon. Nanako had
built up a tolerance for it over the years, but Ann seemed a little overwhelmed at first.

It wasn't that Rise shopped like a housewife during a bargain sale, mindlessly purchasing and
piling. In fact, it was quite the opposite. Her tastes were so refined and so expensive that
every item of clothing was a deliberation. She had to run her fingers through the fabric, hold
it up to the light, examine the stitching. When Nanako was given something to try on she had
to strike various poses and answer a lot of questions about physical comfort and emotional
state of being - how did you feel in this dress? What do those pumps do to your mood? Do
you feel sexy or powerful or both or neither?

"Ann has a date tonight," Nanako let casually slip out when they reached their fourth ultra-
expensive boutique store.

"What!? We could've been dressing you for a date this whole time! Goodness, Ann-chan, you
have to speak up."

"I can't, really," Ann said. "I mean...these prices..."

"Ignore those," Rise said, then swiftly turned to the woman sales assistant and added "In fact,
why are there eve tags on these? Can you please remove them before you bring anything
over?"



"Of course," the woman said with a shallow bow. Ann's eyes somehow got wider.

"I know, it's like living in another dimension," Nanako said in a low whisper. "But just go
with it. "

"You did this on purpose so you wouldn't have to keep posing."

"Maybe. But also you should have something nice for your date."

The saleswoman entered the dressing room and set several outfits on hangers inside. Rise
motioned for Ann to enter it while she and Nanako sat. Ann sild the curtain closed and started
changing.

"So who's the lucky person, Ann-chan?"

"My friend-...er, girlfriend. Shiho."

"Do you have a picture?" Rise asked Nanako immediately. Nanako went to her phone and
found the picture Ann had sent her on the night of her confession and showed it to her.

"Awww, you two are adorable together!"

"Thanks," Ann said from behind the curtain. Somehow, Nanako could hear Ann blushing.

"What's the plan for tonight?" Rise asked.

"I'm not sure. She's still in a wheelchair, so we're kinda limited...honestly, I'm a little nervous
about it. We've been friends for a long time, so...I guess I don't know what it means to be her
girlfriend yet."

Nanako felt a little guilty about making fun of Ann's insecurities earlier. She hadn't
considered how complicated that might be.

"Mm. It was the same with my current boyfriend. We were close friends before we started
dating...and on top of that, we spent a lot of time in a group with our friends. So I got nervous
when it was just the two of us. In fact, the first time we went out, it didn't even work out that
well. We broke up for a few years."

"Oh. But you guys got back together?" Ann asked.

"Yes. And what I learned in between the first time and the second time was that...I didn't have
to 'be' his girlfriend. I just am his girlfriend. Whatever we did together as friends for fun
would still be fun. We could still spend time in the exact same way as before."

"Oh...I never thought about it that way," Ann said.

"Except for the sex, obviously. Took a while for that dam to break, but when it did..."

"Rise, come on," Nanako complained.



"Sorry, sorry. But you're not a child anymore, Nanako, you know how these things work."

The curtain slid open.

Ann looked like she was 25. She wore black skinny jeans and a white tube top, but the cut
and quality of the materials made the look not just youthful and sexy, but sophisticated. She
also wore matte black strappy heels. There were thin gold bangles on her wrists.

"What do you think?" Ann asked.

"You look amazing!" Nanako said.

"Mm, yes...but...you know what, put your hair down."

"Oh? Uh. Okay."

Ann did as ordered, sliding the hair ties out of her twin tails. Her hair, voluminous as it was,
fought back as she tried to smooth it down with her fingers. Nanako got Ann's brush out of
her bag and brought it over to her. They spent a few minutes smoothing out her hair.

"Whoah," Nanako said, looking in the mirror.

"I look dumb, huh?" Ann asked.

"No, you look...well, I was going to say like a model, but that's a little redundant," Nanako
said.

"Yes, your twin-tail look is excellent," Rise said. "Fan of it myself, obviously. But there are
times when hair-down is the way to go, and with this outfit, I think that is it. You'll also
need..."

Rise looked at the racks of clothing stored along the walls and selected a fitted black denim
jacket. Nanako was confused by the choice - it seemed like it would go against the whole
vibe it was putting off. But Rise was right - it added a certain level of structure to Ann's
otherwise very feminine shape. The whole look screamed "I'm on a casual date with my girl,"
though Nanako wasn't sure why.

Fashion really was a form of communication, she supposed. And Rise was a master.

"Perfect. Your girl will be staring at you all night."

"Mm....thank you, Rise-san, but I don't think I can accept this."

"I told you, price isn't an issue."

"I know, but it's not that...the thing is, I'm worried about Shiho. Last time I worried I
overdressed because...well, it's not like she has a lot at the hospital. And she's in a delicate
place right now, I don't want to make her feel bad or like she's not living up to whatever
weird standard she's set for herself in her head."



"Ah. I understand," Rise said. "And I totally agree. We can't let that stand. We'll just have to
get two outfits. Nanako, are you about Shiho's size?"

"Pretty close," she said.

"Perfect. Get ready to pose."

--

It was five o'clock by the time they all got back to their shared apartment building in Shibuya.
Rise apparently had a dinner meeting she had to go to, so she dropped the girls off, along
with the armloads of bags that Nanako was instructed to put into the apartment. The doorman
was kind enough to help them get it all upstairs.

"Well. I better go get ready. Thanks for all this," Ann said.

"I didn't do anything, it was all Rise."

"Yes, you did. You're...you're my best friend, Nanako. You let me into your life so fully, even
though you hardly knew me. I'm such a better person for having met you."

Nanako was surprised by the sudden choking emotion rushing up in her. It was nice to hear
the words, obviously, but it felt so much more resonant, given that she had died, apparently
for a second time. Nanako didn't want to take Ann, or anyone, for granted ever again.

"You're my best friend, too. And I'm afraid you're going to be stuck with me for the rest of
your life."

"Good."

They hugged.

--

SOCIAL LINK RANK UP 
The Star: Ann Takamaki 

Level 8



Chapter 339: 6/30 - Evening

Nanako spent most her evening studying. The schoolwork was getting a little behind, and
getting poor grades was a definite one-way ticket back to Inaba. Anything else than she was
getting back home would not be tolerated.

She took a small break to cook dinner for herself - apparently Yu wasn't coming home for
dinner either - and then went back to the books. When she was done, she neatly placed all of
her things in the corner of her desk. The pencils and pens were properly capped and aligned
in her pouch. She let out a self-satisfied sigh, enjoying that unique pleasure she felt when she
had successfully organized her belongings after knowing every single bit of her schoolwork
was complete. It was as if there had been an open file drawer somewhere in her brain that she
was finally allowed to close.

She took a bath. She brushed her teeth. She got into her sleep clothes and then contemplated
whether or not she should watch TV.

Instead she got out her phone.

It only rang twice.

"Hey, Nanako," dad said, trying to sound casual. The excitement in his voice was obvious.

"I'm not bothering you, am I?"

"No, no, never," he said. The end of his words were punctuated with a drawn out yawn.
Nanako focused in on the background sound.

"Are you at the station?" she asked.

"Yeah. Just catching up on a few things. How's school?"

"Fine," Nanako said. "Just finished up my homework."

"Things going well with your friends?"

She knew he was probing about Ren. And part of her honestly wanted to open up about it.
But she didn't feel like she had the energy to do it just then.

"Yes. What about you? What's the big case?"

Dad chuckled. "It's not a 'big case.' I would say it's a couple of little cases, but they barely
even qualify as cases."

"Tell me about them. Please."

She didn't mean to sound so tired, but it came out in her voice anyway. Dad picked up on it,
but didn't say anything. Instead, he leaned back in his chair - Nanako could tell because it



always made the same exact creak when he did - and started telling her about the criminal
happenings of Inaba. Just like he used to do at home.

Even though it was ten years ago, she knew that people still associated Inaba with the
shocking crimes of the serial murders that shone a spotlight on the small town. But the reality
was, crime was very low, especially over the last few years. Dad chronicled his adventures of
chasing down a kleptomaniac that was terrorizing local businesses (a middle schooler who
was taking a bunch of candy), a wild beast terrorizing pedestrians (someone had seen a fox
near the shrine), a brewing feud generations in the making (Tanaka-san and Watanabe-san, a
couple of old grannies at the end of their block, were arguing about their gardens again), and
the very serious case of "Elementary School Career Day."

At some point, Nanako moved from her desk to her bed and drank it all in. Not only the
comfortable crimes of her town, but the voice of her dad, and the rhythm of the Inaba Police
Department in the background. It wrapped around her soul like a blanket.

When he was done, Nanako was barely awake. They said goodnight.

And Nanako slept deeply all night.



Chapter 340: 7/1 - After School
Chapter Summary

We made it to July!

"Have you ever deeply regretted something?" Nanako asked Haru.

"No, not really, why?"

"No reason," Nanako said.

"Hey, cowgirls! Can we get a picture?"

Nanako put on her bravest smile and nodded.

She and Haru were at the cosplay meet-up that she'd promised Sano she'd model for. While
she had assured Haru that it wasn't going to be anything scandalous, Nanako actually had no
idea what it was they were going to be wearing.

It turned out it was American-style Old West wear. Stylized, of course, for that cosplay flair.

So both Nanako and Haru were decked out in blue jeans and denim button down shirts with
leather boots, chaps, vests, and hats. The work was all rather exquisite, and obviously the
culmination of the father-son talent. Sano's work was really good, but with the added
expertise of his father, the intricacies went to another level. Not only was the fit and quality
of construction good, the stitchwork was beautiful with scrolling horsehoes and flowers and
all sorts of Western ornamentation. Nanako's was all done in brown leather with gold buttons
and studs. Her vest had a sunflower on the back made of bright yellow and green strips of
leather. She kinda liked the vest.

Haru's was all done in black, with striking white thread and red accents and silver buttons and
studs.

They both wore masks. She thought they were called "domino" masks, but she wasn't sure.
They were the kind you saw in old cartoons when someone was depicted as a robber.

The mask looked really good on Haru, actually.

The two of them smiled for a picture, Haru striking a rather complicated pose with one leg
curled up behind her.

"How do you keep your balance in these boots?" Nanako asked. "They haven't broken in at
all yet, it feels lie I'm wearing a cast on my feet."



"Lots of dance practice from when I was young. Oh, Nana-chan, thank you so much for
inviting me to do this! This is so much fun!"

Hearing Haru's enthusiasm was almost enough to wash out the continuous thrum of
embarrassment she was feeling. At least she was wearing a mask this time. And the event
was only supposed to last another hour or so.

She glanced over to Sano.

Whenever someone asked about where their costumes were from, Haru and Nanako directed
them over to Sano and his father. The whole event was happening at an outdoor courtyard at
a hotel, and Sano and his father had set themselves up at one of the tables, which had
somehow transformed itself into an unofficial booth. People lined up to talk to them, ask
them about their technique, and then get business cards. Sano was also frantically writing
information down in a notebook - maybe processing orders or getting details for follow up
calls.

Most importantly, they both looked happy.

About twenty minutes passed. Haru and Nanako kept posing and smiling. Nanako did her
best to try and sync herself into Haru's vibe and enjoy herself. It was staring to work.

Sano excused himself from the table when there was a lull and walked up to them.

"Thanks again so much. This wouldn't have worked nearly as well without such perfect
models," Sano said, bowing in particular to Haru.

"Thank you for the opportunity! This is a lot of fun!" Haru said.

"I have to admit, I wasn't expecting the American Old West," Nanako said. Sano smirked,
looking half amused, half embarrassed .

"Many Japanese leatherworkers admire the work of the Americans, particularly of that time
period. My father, it turned out, is one of them. He's always wanted to try it and used to
practice the techniques in his spare time. But he was always too afraid to try and put it into
the shop because...well, of his father, my grandfather. And the breaking of tradition."

"Sounds familiar," Nanako said.

"Right? It's odd, it's like by healing my relationship it also healed his with my
grandfather...which I guess wasn't even an issue. My grandfather said he wouldn't have cared
if he had done it back then. Then again, it's hard to know how true that is..."

"That's good, though. You've shown him that he can be himself."

"I had help."

"True," Nanako said with her best Phantom Thief grin.



"Check out the hot new leatherworker making a splash on the scene," a voice cut in. Nanako
and Sano both turned. There was a girl standing there in a school uniform. She looked
average in almost every way, though her subtle make up was expertly done - made to look as
if she had none at all, which according to Rise was the true mark of make up perfection. She
looked at Nanako as if she should know who she was, but she didn't.

"I guess we're generating a bit of buzz," Sano said, rubbing the back of his head and
slouching his shoulders in a mixture of pride and embarrassment.

"Stand proud," the girl said, taking a step forward into Sano's space. "You've worked hard for
this for a long time. This is the moment. Enjoy it."

That's when Nanako realized the girl was Moriko. She hadn't recognized her outside of her
gothic lolita gear and multi-colored hair, which she now realized must have been a wig.
Moriko turned to Nanako.

"And thanks for helping him out."

"I would've been perfectly happy letting you dress up as a cowgirl," she said. Moriko
grinned.

"Not exactly my style. Ooh, there's someone dressed up as the Hypdrive Hammer Girls! I'll
be back."

Moriko darted off towards a crew of young women wearing what looked to be underwear
made of car parts holding giant hammers. Nanako looked at Sano, who was staring off after
Moriko for just a second too long.

"You should ask her out."

"Huh?" Sano said, snapping to look at her. "Why?"

"Why? Because she's madly in love with you," Nanako said. "It's pretty obvious."

"I think you're reading too much into it."

"No, I'm definitely not. Even Ann noticed it the first time. Hey, Haru."

"Hmm?" Haru said, turning to face them after having spent the last few minutes pretending to
not eavesdrop on their conversation.

"That girl who was just here, is she into Sano?"

"Oh, well, I don't know either of them very well," Haru said.

"See?" Sano said.

"...but based on that short interaction, I would say she holds a deep affection for you."

Sano just blinked. Nanako shrugged.



"Look, it's not just about...you know, before. She really does have feelings for you."

"I mean...it's Moriko, she's my best....friend?" Sano said, looking more and more unsure of
himself.

"Well it's not like you have to get married or anything. Just take her on a date. See how it
feels."

Nanako leaned on Sano's shoulder and said in English, with the best American Western drawl
she could manage: "It's time to find yourself some new strengths, pardner."

Sano burst out laughing. So did Nanako and Haru.

"Okay. Wish me luck."

He waved and wandered off.

"Oh, how cute! You're quite the matchmaker, Nana-chan."

Nanako supposed that Haru was right. First she'd helped Ann, now Sano.

Too bad she wasn't so great at helping herself...

"Hey, can we get a picture?' called out a couple of cowboys. Haru lit up.

"Ooh, now they're cute..."

Nanako sighed and trudged along.

-- 

SOCIAL LINK RANK UP

Strength: Satoichi Sano 

Level 9



Chapter 341: 7/2 - After School

The Phantom Thieves waited anxiously to begin the secret-secret meeting - a meeting so
secret that it was even more secret than their usual secret meetings.

Because there was nothing else to do, and literally nothing else in Yusuke's sparse apartment,
the members of the team already present were going through the art littered around in their
various stages of completion.

"Hey, is this me?" Ann asked, holding up a sketch. The assembled group - Yusuke, Niijima,
Nanako, and Morgana - all turned to look.

"Ah, yes, that is the base sketch. I'm doing the full-color piece in chalk on canvas, I can show
you the progress if you...why is everyone staring?" Yusuke asked.

Nanako blinked at him, then looked back at the sketch.

It was pretty obviously Ann, at least given the twin-tails and the overall shape of the woman
in the picture. Her torso was naked. The rest of her body was obscured by the body of a bear
that was roaring in what seemed both fury and agony. Ann was bursting out of the bear's
back, her face twisted in a ferocious, terrifying grin, her hands bent into claws.

"Is that blood or fire?" Nanako asked.

"A bit of both. It's clearer in the color version."

"How did you draw my boobs so...accurately?" Ann asked. Nanako couldn't tell if she was
impressed of weirded out.

"Y-you mean that's...accurate?" Morgana said, stammering over his own words.

Yusuke shrugged. "I have been drawing the human form for most of my life. Though each
human being is unique in their form, there are certain anatomical absolutes, and beyond that,
certain patterns that are generally observed. By using a combination of references and
experience, I can illustrate what a bare breast would look like with reasonable certainty. I
wouldn't be much of an artist if I couldn't."

"Well you should stop that!" Niijima ordered. Yusuke looked stricken.

"Stop what?"

"Stop...using your talent to...extrapolate what a woman looks like...and then....illustrating
it...?" Niijima's indignation was sputtering out almost as fast as it had flashed to life.

"I hadn't considered that perhaps you would feel uncomfortable with this," Yusuke admitted.
"I apologize. If you wish, I will destroy these and discontinue the piece."

Ann contemplated it for a second longer, then shrugged.



"Eh, it's fine, go ahead. I look pretty badass."

"Would you like to see the color version? It's very striking, especially since the bear has blue
fur."

"Wait, are you saying you made that bear look like Teddie?" Nanako asked.

Before Yusuke could answer, the burst open, then closed as quickly as it had opened.

"Sorry. It was harder than I thought," Ren said. Nanako rushed up to the small peephole in
the door and looked through.

"Are you sure you weren't followed?"

"Positive. I double-backed twice. I'm clean."

There was a collective sigh of relief. Ren sat down on the floor with everyone else.

"Let's call this meeting to order, then. Phantom Thieves, as you know, tomorrow is an
incredibly important day. I'm going to need everyone's A-game for this. This isn't the time to
hold back, on planning or execution."

Morgana huffed and rolled his eyes.

"It's just Ryuuji's birthday..."

"Silence, the leader is speaking," Ren said, cutting him off with the full intensity of his Joker
voice. "What does everyone have?"

"I...um...well I haven't known him for very long, and really only in context of the Phantom
Thieves and my roles as student body president," Niijima said hesitantly. "Maybe some dye
so he can turn his hair back to black?"

"Terrible idea, next," Ren said.

"There's an exhibit-"

"Not for Ryuuji, next."

"I dunno, he's just a regular dude, he probably just wants to eat and play games," Ann said.

Ren snapped his fingers and pointed at Ann. "Genius. Perfect. This is how you get things
done, people."

"Um, fearless leader," Nanako said, setting a hand on his shoulder. "It's adorable how
dedicated you are to your best friend's birthday party, but let's tone it down a bit."

Ren coughed and adjusted his glasses. "Sorry."

"He loves ramen more than anything, so why don't we take him out to his favorite place?"
Ann said.



"I can cook," Nanako offered. "There's the Number One Kaho Dojima Glorious Ramen of the
Rising East recipe. It won the Inaba Housewife Ramen Competition four years in a row."

"I wouldn't want to put you out," Ren said.

"It'll be cheaper that way, and more fun. Then we can all go out to Kichijoji or something and
pay for his games."

"This sounds like an excellent party," Niijima said. Nanako was surprised to see that she
actually looked excited about it.

"Where do we want to eat?" Ann asked.

"My place," Nanako said. "If I'm going to take on the Number One Kaho Dojima Glorious
Ramen of the Rising East, I'll need all my tools. I can't risk cooking in foreign territory."

"She's so deadly serious about cooking, it must be fantastic," Morgana said. "I'm hungry just
thinking about it..."

"If you're cooking, Niijima and I can get all the ingredients," Ann said.

"Yes, that seems like a reasonable course of action. Perhaps Amamiya and Kitagawa could
make a reservation at Kichijoji?"

"I would love to help, but I have a meeting with my social worker tonight," Yusuke said.

"I have to...uh..." Ren looked uncomfortable, then sighed. "I have to hold a sign for a
politician."

"Huh? When did you get into politics?" Ann asked.

"It's a long story."

"I'll do it," Nanako said. "I don't mind, really, especially if you two do the shopping."

"Cooking and the reservation seems like too much work for you," Ann protested.

"It's really not. Especially after I send you the ingredient list."

Ann frowned, probably wondering if she'd made a mistake by volunteering.

"I will make the happy birthday sign. I wish to contribute in some small way. What about
getting Ryuuji to Nanako's place?" Yusuke asked.

"I have that handled," Ren said. "All right, you all have your orders. Execute them
flawlessly."

Ren stood.

"It's showtime!....tomorrow!"






Chapter 342: 7/2 - Evening
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

"Okay, your reservation for tomorrow evening is confirmed," said the chipper young man
behind the counter at the Penguin Sniper Lounge. "Dojima, party of seven. Feel free to call
and cancel if needed, but please note that if you do you will not get your deposit back."

"Thank you very much for your help," Nanako said, putting her wallet back into her bag.

Pi pi pi

She pulled out her phone while she walked towards the door.

ANN: What the heck, why does this ramen recipe have every ingredient in Japan???

Nanako rolled her eyes.

NANAKO: It is a Glorious ramen of the rising east, it wouldn't be very glorious if it
only had like four things in it.

ANN: Fine, fine. Makoto and I finished getting everything, we'll store it at my house
since my refrigerator is basically empty anyway. I'll bring it down when the party starts.

Nanako frowned at that. So it was "Makoto" with Ann now too, was it?

NANAKO: Okay, thank you for your help. I'll see you tomorrow!

They both sent each other a golden heart emoji, as they did every time they finished their text
conversations. That's when Nanako's phone was suddenly struck from her hand.

"Oh!" she called out in surprise, stumbling backward. Her eyes were tracking the phone
tumbling end over end. She needed to reach out and grab it, but her arms were already
windmilling around to try and catch her balance.

A gloved hand snatched the phone from midair at the same time one grabbed her hand.
Nanako caught her balance.

"My most sincere apologies, I was drawing the billiards cue back to take a shot and the butt
of it must have struck your phone-...oh, Dojima-san. What a surprise."

It was Akechi.

He handed her phone to her at the same he released her hand. She was a little dazed.

"Are you all right?"



"Yes, I'm fine," Nanako managed to reply. She tucked her phone away and took a deep
breath, trying to center herself.

"That really was rather clumsy of me. I apologize once again, I was letting myself get too
absorbed in the game."

"Really, it's fine. I get it, it can be tricky when you get competitive about winn-"

Nanako trailed off as she looked up. She had wondered who Akechi might be playing against
that had him so engrossed in the competition. But there wasn't anyone else there.

"I...uh..." Nanako floundered.

"It's all right. I don't mind playing alone. It helps me decompress after everything else in my
life. Though I wouldn't mind a little challenge, if you were up for it."

He motioned to the table. Nanako's mind raced, trying to remember everything she was
supposed to remember about Akechi - all of their interactions on the train, the TV studio,
seeing him on his little rendezvous with Ren...

Would it be a good idea to play with him? Was she in the mental space to spar against him, if
he had somehow sniffed out that they were the Phantom Thieves?

It was emotion, ultimately, that made her decision. He was trying to play it off that he didn't
mind playing alone, but there was something about his smile and his tone of voice that
suggested he was...well...lonely.

And she did say she was his friend, back on the train to Okina City. A lot had happened since
then, but...

"Sure, I have time for a game," she said. She went over to a small table and set down her bag,
then retrieved a cue while Akechi went about resetting the balls. He racked them while she
rubbed chalk on the tip.

"I see you're familiar with the game," he said. "Care to break?"

"I know the rules, and that's about it," Nanako admitted. She positioned herself behind the
cue ball, line up the shot as best she could, and attacked the ball with the tip of her cue stick.
The ball shot forward pretty fast, but it veered left, causing the balls to break in an blobby
clump to the right, not putting a lot of distance between each ball. That would make the early
plays of the game more difficult, actually. Still, enough of the balls made it to the edge of the
table that it was considered a legitimate opening.

"Unless you're trying to hustle me," Akechi said with a teasing grin. "Twelve ball, side
pocket."

Akechi sunk the ball, making him the "stripes" player. That left Nanako to having to sink all
the "solids", balls 1 through 7, with the 8 ball going in last. Akechi had the advantage by
sinking the first shot. But more interesting to Nanako than that was the intensity of his face



when he lined up and fired off his shot. The mask of sweetness dropped for just a moment,
and he had turned into something focused and dangerous.

That could just be his game face, though.

"Believe me, I'm the last person who knows how to hustle anyone," Nanako said. "If my
father knew I was playing pool, he'd launch into his lecture about the dangers of gambling
and their connection to crime."

"Then how did you learn the rules?" Akechi asked. "Eleven ball, corner pocket."

"My big brother taught me," Nanako said.

Akechi's shot was true, but it was a very long shot that went almost all the way across the
table. It lacked the power to send the eleven ball in, which made it Nanako's turn.

"And your father has no problem with him knowing how to play?"

"I should clarify, he's not really my big brother. He's my cousin. But he's been more of a big
brother to me throughout my life. I guess it's the job of older siblings to teach things to the
younger ones that their parents don't. Two ball, corner pocket."

"I wouldn't know. I'm an only child. I think."

Akechi's statement caught Nanako off-guard, causing her shot to go wide.

"I apologize, that was a bit crass of me."

"And a sneaky way for my shot to go wide..."

"Perhaps that too," he said with a smile. "I do not know who my father is, is all I meant to
imply by that. It's possible I have half-siblings. Thirteen ball, side pocket."

Akechi sunk his shot and lined up for another.

"Is that something you think a lot about?"

"My father, or having half-siblings?"

"Both."

He paused as he tested the glide of his cue between his fingers.

"Fourteen ball, corner pocket."

His shot connected, but was too far to the right and ricocheted in the wrong direction.

"I don't think so. I wonder, on occasion. When I was younger, though, I used to daydream
about it. In particular, that I had a much older brother who had discovered my existence. He
was wealthy and had a lovely wife and came to take me away to live with him."



"You didn't live with your mother?"

"She passed when I was young. I was a ward of the state. I still am, I suppose."

"I'm sorry. I didn't know."

"Nobody does, though I suppose it's a matter of public record should anyone care enough to
dig. I prefer that it's not part of my narrative. I don't want sympathy. I want to have earned
everything I get."

"Four ball, corner pocket," Nanako said, sinking the shot. "You're not worried the media will
bring it up?"

"No. It might ruin the shine of their Detective Prince," he said with another smile. "And even
if they did, it would most likely to play a sympathy angle and to highlight just how much I
had accomplished - that despite all my adversity, I triumphed. A demonstration of how our
government's social services works. It's a win either way for me."

In the end, Nanako lost the game.

-- 

SOCIAL LINK RANK UP 

Jester: Goro Akechi 

Level 2

Chapter End Notes

Happy New Year, everyone!

Got something special cooking up.



Chapter 343: 7/3 - Morning
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

"Let me get this straight," Yu said, his voice stern, his eyes set in a hard glare. "Let me repeat
back the request you just made to me to make sure that my ears are working."

"Big bro, what are-"

"You want to use our home to host a birthday party for a boy I don't know. A party full of
other boys I don't know. And you want us to leave our home in order for you to do this?"

"I'm sorry, I didn't realize that it would-"

"You want to host a festival of debauchery to celebrate the birth of some lowlife delinquent
and then ask me, the person your father has entrusted, to turn a blind eye to it while you
indulge in-"

"Yu, are you packed?" Rise called out from their bedroom.

"Coming, dear!" Yu said.

Nanako and Yu had been sitting at the kitchen table for this important conversation, Nanako
armed with all of her promises and proposed rules, and yet she hardly got the question out
before he launched into hyper-protector-o-nii-san mode. But at Rise's command, he sat
straight up, pushed back his chair, and darted out of the room.

Nanako blinked at the empty space in front of her.

Rise swung into the kitchen a moment later, pulling open the fridge.

"Are you going somewhere?" Nanako asked, still confused.

"Yeah, I have a shoot in Sapporo this weekend and Yu was asked to cover it for the paper, so
we're making a little trip out of it," she said, taking out one of her strange vitamin teas.

"So...you're not going to be here at all?"

"No, you can have your party, it's fine. He's just messing with you."

"He's what!?"

Nanako gripped her fists as Yu cackled from the bedroom.

Chapter End Notes



Okay, so, update time.

The secret side project I've been working on is an audiodrama version of this fan fic! I
made the first four episodes last fall which covers the beginning of the story to the first
heist Nanako and Ren pull off.

Though I've been podcasting for years, it's been a while since I've had to set up a new
one. I thought I had it all worked out, but it's become a bit of a setback. Firstly, the title
of this fanfic is way too long for a podcast/audiodrama, so I thought I'd just call it
"Persona 5 Remix" which would hopefully drive more people into being able to stumble
across it on Spotify and Apple Podcasts, etc.

Well, in the 8 or so years it's been since I started podcasting, the technology has gotten
more thorough in identifying and locking down potential copyright problems. So it
hasn't gotten listed in Spotify. I'm not sure if it's because it detected the music I used
(which means I have to remaster the audio) or the title (I'm thinking of calling it "Shuffle
Time").

Or maybe I just devote my time to something else because it's not like I don't have other
projects I should be working on.

So, I figure I'd ask you guys. Here's the link to the first four episodes. Let me know what
you think and if you feel like it's worth going on.

In either case, I'd keep writing this story. I wouldn't wait to "catch up" with the audio
version, that'd take forever.

https://feeds.acast.com/public/shows/63c8ce13bd28620011d97183



Chapter 344: 7/3 - After School
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

"Happy Birthday, Ryuji!"

The Phantom Thieves fired their confetti poppers at the birthday boy, who sat looking
embarrassed in the middle of the Nanako's living room. He wore a pointy paper hat.

Nanako tried really hard to not think about having to vacuum up all the little pieces of
confetti flying everywhere.

"Thanks guys..." he said. "Can we eat now? I'm starving, and smelling this ramen is torture..."

"You can't even enjoy it for a moment, can you?" Ann grumbled.

"Well I mean Nanako went through all the trouble to making it, so..."

"I'm starved as well, let's do it," Ren said.

Dinner was served. Or lunch. Or whatever this meal was.

The first thing Nanako noticed was the thing she had hoped for first - that everyone would be
completely silent. Her mom had often told her that the indication of a good meal was that
nobody felt inclined to speak because they were too drawn in by the intensity of the flavor
and of the experience. They needed a moment to be mindful of the food, to process what it
tasted like, and more importantly, what it meant to them at that moment.

Then would come the chorus:

"Oh my God, this is incredible!" Ann said.

"No wonder it has such an ostentatious name," Yusuke stated, "truly deserving of its
grandeur."

"I've never had anything like this..." Niijima said in disbelief.

"Ohhhh man! Is this thing for real!?" Ryuuji declared, the last thing he said before he
dedicated his mouth to inhaling the soup and noodles. Nanako beamed with pride.

"Just a little reminder that us country folk can still wow you city slickers," she said smugly.
"And always remember this day as the day you realized that no one can out-cook a Dojima."

They ate, and the team fell into the third-phase of food praise. Mom had explained that many
people never really picked up on this one, but if the conversation immediately turned to
people talking about other amazing food they've had elsewhere, that was a serious
compliment. If they mentioned fancy restaurants or home-cooked foods, even better, because



it meant that they were storing this amongst the memories of their finest eating. And that's
what happened - the ramen was compared to all the wonderful things they'd eaten.

Except for Ren.

Who had said nothing.

They were all seated around the dining table, which despite them pulling out the center
leaves, was just a tiny bit too small for the team. They were crowded and cramped, but
Nanako kinda liked it - it reminded her of the old days, when all of big bro's friends squeezed
themselves together in their Inaba living room, the door slid open while the cicadas chirped
away. Nanako had squeezed in next to Ren, on his left side, so she leaned over, practically
leaning on his left shoulder.

"So...what do you think of it?"

"Just like I remember it," he said with a smirk.

"Huh?"

"I've had it before. It won the contest, remember?"

Oh. Right. She supposed he could've had it before when mom had won the contest but...

"Wait, it wasn't like she made enough for the whole town. Only the judges got to take some
home."

"Yeah. My mom judged one time."

"She did?"

Nanako's mind raced back in time as far as she could make it, trying to recall the faces of the
judges. But there had been a panel of five each time, and mom had entered the contest so
many times, it was too many faces...and too long ago. All she could conjure were muddy
memories of impressions of people, and she wasn't sure she could trust them.

"I didn't realize."

"Why would you have? We didn't really know each other back then." He pulled the egg from
the top of his bowl and chomped it down in one bite.

"I wish I could remember what she looked like."

"Why's that?"

"I dunno," she said. "I guess it would've...just been nice. To see where you came from, you
know. You're pretty secretive about it."

"You saw the poster."



"You mean the stylized poster where they're wearing costumes? It's not the same," Nanako
said.

He didn't say anything. She didn't push it. She knew that his parents were a difficult topic,
and even making this much headway meant a good thing - for both of them. The fact that he
went out of his way to bring them up was more than enough for now.

"Can I get more?" Ryuji said.

"Damn dude, slow down," Ann said.

"No way, he's the birthday boy," Nanako said, rising out of her seat and collecting his bowl.
"He can have as much as he wants."

"Yeah, and besides, if he's all bloated, it'll be easier to kick his ass at pool later," Morgana
said with his trademark laugh.

"Ha! You think I can't eat like a pig and still own you at everything? Well you underestimate
just how powerful a pig I am."

"I don't think that came out as cool as you were hoping it was going to," Ann said.

"Should we do presents now, or after?" Niijima asked. Everyone looked at her.

"Oh. Uh. I didn't get him anything," Ann said. "I thought we were paying for his games, so
that was going to be the present."

"Yes, that's what I was under the impression as well," Yusuke said. "As well as Nanako doing
the cooking."

"It's all good guys, you really didn't need to get me anything. Honestly, this is perfect the way
it is," Ryuji said. And he meant it - Nanako could tell.

Niijima, on the other hand, looked stricken. Her face was turning bright red and she was
rolling inward onto her shoulders, as if she might just turn herself into a ball and roll away.

"Oh, I see, I'm sorry, I misunderstood the situation-"

"If you already got him a present, give it to him," Ren said. "None of us will be offended."

"It's all good, really," Ryuji said. "You can take it back and get your money back."

"No, I...I think I'd rather give it to you."

She reached down by her feet and pulled out a small paper bag. The bag was dark navy blue
with white handles. The handles were tied shut by a gold ribbon.

"It's not much, just...a token, I guess," Niijima said, looking extremely unsure of herself.

"Thanks," Ryuji said, taking it. He untied the ribbon and reached in.



It was a pencil case. A really nice one, made of black leather. Nanako knew it was an
expensive brand, too.

"It's...you know, to keep you organized. I heard from one of your classmates that you are
always borrowing pencils so...you know..."

"Always the class president," Ann said.

Everyone laughed. Everyone except Niijima. She really looked like she was attempting to
melt into a puddle and escape through a drain.

"Thanks. I love it. I never think to buy these things," Ryuji said.

"It really is thoughtful...Makoto," Nanako said.

She wasn't sure if it was the use of her first name or just the generalized support from
Nanako. Or maybe it had nothing to do with that, maybe it was just the fact that Ryuji liked
it. But Niijima looked a lot more relaxed.

"Bowl two, coming up," Nanako said, placing it in front of Ryuji.

Chapter End Notes

Annnd I'm back.

Thanks to everyone who tried out the audio versions. After fighting against the forces
that be and really considering the priorities in my life, I've decided not to continue it. I'll
probably delete it in a few days. But really, thanks to everyone who listened and gave it
some feedback.

Now to get this train back on track.



Chapter 345: 7/3 - Evening
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

"This is absolutely preposterous," Nanako said. "I was here yesterday for the express purpose
of reserving us for two hours. I paid the correct amount, double checked the booking with
your agent, and even took a picture on my phone of the reservation in your database."

The worker at Penguin Sniper grimaced. He was a young man in his twenties, the kind that
looked like he had ended up at this job because he was spineless and directionless. A human
version of a leave in river, just letting life carry him along until he settled in some spot where
he would wait and rot, getting in everyone's way.

"Look, I'm really sorry, I can see your screenshot, but somehow your booking got over-
written for the second hour. You've been here an hour, but now you have to leave, the next
group is coming in any minute. I can return your money, of course-"

"I don't want my money back," Nanako said, her jaw tightening. "I want my hour. This is my
friend's birthday. He doesn't get another one until next year. You don't get to stomp on that
due to clerical error."

"Why not return the money of the next group?" Ren suggested. He had been standing right
behind Nanako the entire time, but had assumed his background aura, apparently content to
let the malestorm of Angry Nanako do the work.

"I...I mean...I can't do that, not for them."

"Why not?"

"What the hell, Takemitchy," a deep voice called out. "Why are there people crowding our
dart space?"

Nanako spun around to see a group of boys trudging into the front of Penguin Sniper. They
looked like they were constructed out of every bad manga stereotype of a delinquent ever
created - complete with dyed hair, slouching walk, and a look on their face that melded
disinterested, pissed off, and kinda confused. The one speaking was a tall guy wearing
motorcycle gear and had his head shaved on the sides and back. The top of his hair was long,
tied into a thin braid that fell to the base of his neck.

"Ah...sorry about this, Drakken," the Penguin Sniper worker said. "There's just a bit of a
mixup in the reservations."

"No mix up," Drakken said, striding up to the counter. "It's our slot. It's always our slot. You
work here don't you?"

"Well, yeah-"



"You've worked here a while. You know us."

"Right but-"

"So I'm kinda confused why the hell you would make such a dumbass basic mistake?"

"It wasn't me, Drakken, I swear, it was probably the new hire-"

"Excuse me," Nanako said, cutting in. "I'm really sorry to inconvenience you, but I already
paid for two hours, and I want my second hour. It's my friend's birthday."

It was only now that Nanako noticed that he had a delicate, fantastic dragon tattoo on his
neck. He looked down at her with steely eyes. He was a tough guy, Nanako could tell that
much. But he didn't seem evil.

"Happy birthday," he said, looking at Ren.

"No, not him...well, it doesn't matter. What does matter is that you'll have to wait."

"Wish we could," Drakken said. "But you see, my boss gets bored easily, and if I make him
wait another hour, he'll probably fall asleep or get into a fight or do something stupid.
Besides, it's our time, it's always our time."

"And who are you, exactly?" Ren asked.

Drakken turned around and pointed at his back.

Nanako had assumed that the back would be the stereotypical Japanese biker gang markings,
that it would declare htier biker club or maybe even a gang. And it kinda did. The font, the
embroidery, the fabric, the kanji, it was all exactly as it would be for biker gang.

Except it said Tokyo Manji Dart Club.

"Dart club?" Nanako asked.

"We're in the league," he said. "And we're gonna take the dart world by storm. Not only are
we gonna kick the asses of every old timer and know-it-all in Japan, but we'll do it in the UK
too, and beyond. We'll go all the way until the world recognizes us as the best."

"Drakennnn..." came a surprisingly higher pitched voice. A sleepy looking guy trudged
forward, and surprisingly, he wasn't wearing any of the club jackets that the rest of the group
did. He was wearing a simple kimono and sandals...it kinda reminded Nanako of her grandpa,
back when he was alive. "What the hell is taking so long..."

"Sorry Mikey, it's just a bit of a misunderstanding in the booking, I'm getting it straightened
out."

"We'll play you for the hour," Ren said.



The new guy, Mikey, suddenly seemed to wake up. His eyes were sharp, his face cold, and
Nanako could tell that this guy was definitely the boss.

"What was that?"

"You guys are trying to prove you're the best. Then prove it," Ren said. To Nanako's surprise,
he reached up and slipped his glasses off, giving this Mikey guy the full power of his Joker
presence.

Mikey looked pissed off.

But then he smiled.

"Sounds like fun."

"Seriously?" Drakken asked.

"Sure. Why not? It's their hour, isn't it? We should at least be courteous enough to accept a
friendly challenge. And we should win handily. It'll be good warm up for the boys."

Drakken nodded, then started barking orders over to the rest of the Tokyo Manji Dart Club.

Ren and Nanako returned to their friends.

"Did you get it sorted out?" Ann asked.

"It's a bit more complicated than that," Nanako said, then proceeded to explain what had led
to the strange confrontation.

"I dunno, guys, this seems like a lot of hassle," Ryuji said, rubbing the back of his head.
"Honestly, this has already been the best birthday I've ever had, so I don't want to cause a
problem. We should just go. We can grab ice cream or something."

"You're not causing a problem," Nanako insisted. "They are. And they can't get away with it."

"I don't think Nanako intends to let this go," Yusuke said, brushing away the lock of hair at
the front of his head. "I say we see it through to the end."

"Logically speaking, the worst thing that could happen to us is that we lose and we have to
go. I guess I don't see the harm, if you don't think these guys are dangerous..." Niijima said,
looking hesitantly over at the group of guys trying to out-macho each other.

"Besides...we're not going to let a bunch of Dart Nerds defeat us, are we?" Ren said.

He didn't say the Phantom Thieves, but they all knew that's what he meant.

"Heh, all right, I'm in," Ryuji said, hopping off the edge of the pool table. "I think I'm getting
a little fired up for this!"



Ren and their leader, Mikey, set up the rules. Apparently there wasn't really a method of
playing darts with so many people, but they came up with something simple and workable -
two throws per person, two people per team, then switch. The highest score after two go-
throughs of the line would win the rest of the hour.

"Tokyo Manji Dart Club!" cried a big burly guy they called Pah-chin. He had a strong arm
that sunk darts practically an inch into the board, but his accuracy was something to be
desired. He scored decently. This was followed up by a guy with beautiful long black hair
called Baji, who threw with ruthless efficiency. Nanako was too busy staring at his hair to
really pay any attention to his technique, honestly. All she wanted to know was how he got
that healthy shine...

"Not bad," Ann said, strutting up to the line, her hips swaying at maximum model mode,
drawing the eye of pretty much everyone in the place. "But darts isn't all about brute strength,
is it? Sometimes you need a more...feminine touch."

She winked at the other team and blew them a kiss while at the same time letting a dart sail
out between her two slender fingers.

And when she did, Nanako felt...something.

Not the something that the guys on the other team were feeling. She knew Ann's experience
with modeling gave her incredible control of her body and her demeanor, and she could bend
it to hypnotize those guys if she wanted to. No, what Nanako felt was...a shift. Something
bending.

Almost like when they bent the Metaverse during a Showtime.

But that didn't make sense, did it? They certainly couldn't bend actual reality.

Maybe it was all just in Nanako's head.

But, at the same time, Ann landed her impossible shot straight into the bull's eye.

Nanako wondered about the bleed-through effect of the Metaverse. They knew their
cognition affected how well they performed inside the Metaverse...but did it work in reverse?
Did their brains learn new skills that transferred to their physical bodies?

Then again, this wasn't the Matrix. It was their physical bodies in the Metaverse...wasn't it? It
wasn't like they were still here in the real world. And the aches and pains Nanako had
experienced were real enough.

"Nanako?"

It was Yusuke, waving his hand in front of her face.

"Huh?"

"It's your turn."



"O-oh. Sorry."

Nanako had somehow missed Ann's second throw entirely, but looking at the scoreboard she
could see that she'd done well. Now it was time for Nanako to pull through. She took a deep
breath, focusing in the same way she did when she played the piano, but looking for the
"calm power" Chie had taught her to seek out when she had taught her self-defense those
many years ago. She stood, aimed, breathed, and threw.

Hey, not bad!

Her second throw was just as good, not landing a bull's eye but scoring high just the same.
Her friends cheered and she and Ann high fived.

The high five seemed to resonate between them.

"Damn, that blonde is so fine, I wanna ask her out..." muttered a shorter, quieter member of
the Tokyo Manji Dart Club with silverish hair.

"She has a girlfriend," Nanako said.

"Damn. Lucky."

"Huh? Oh, no, not..." Nanako let it trail off. Oh well, so what if he thought she was dating
Ann, the details didn't matter.

The silverish hair guy went next - Mitsuya was his name. Then a guy with orange hair and a
tiger tattoo, aptly named Kazutora. They scored impressively, and without much effort.
Nanako was starting to see their practiced skill coming to the surface.

"Damnit, this sucks, I wish I could help out," Morgana said from his perch at the pool table.
"These paws blow."

Nanako pat him on the head. "You always help out when it counts. Besides, I'm gonna need
you to watch our backs, make sure they don't pull anything sneaky."

Morgana chuckled. "Aha...good thinking, Angel. Can't trust these bastards any farther than
we can throw them."

Next from Tokyo Manji were a couple of blondes - a pretty one named Chifuyu and a puffy-
haired one named Nahoya, whom they all called smiley, probably because of the creepy
Cheshire grin that was plastered across his face. These were the highest scorers so far. The
Phantom Thieves had started out with a solid lead, but they had now closed that lead to just
two points. Yusuke managed to keep them at bay with pinpoint accuracy. Niijima did fine,
but she was more like Pah-chin - throwing hard, rather than accurate.

"You guys are pretty good," Drakken said as he moseyed up to the line, darts in his pocket.
"You sure you're not league players?"

"Just friends having fun," Ren said in his lightest tone possible. His glasses were still off,
though.



Drakken threw hard as Pah-chin, but as accurate as Chifuyu - even more so. He landed a
bullseye and another triple score high value point, throwing both darts one right after the
other, hardly looking like he aimed. This put them well ahead of the Phantom Thieves.

Finally, it was the guy they called Mikey, their leader. He dragged a stool over to the line and
sat on it.

"The hell is that?" Ryuji asked.

"Just giving myself a bit of a handicap," Mikey said.

"Seems more like you're steadying yourself on a solid surface so you can aim better," Ryuji
accused. "Hardly a handicap."

Suddenly, Mikey tipped backward on the stool, hanging upside down on it, facing Ryuji like
a bat, with both darts in his mouth. This actually surprised Ryuji so much that he let out an
embarrassing cry and stumbled backward into the pool table. Mikey braced himself on one of
the stool legs with one arm and used the other one to take the darts from his mouth.

And then he stuck them between his toes.

With an impossible move, Mikey flipped himself from his upside-down bat position back to
an upright sitting position, using the momentum to kick and throw the darts out from between
his toes.

The whole of Penguin Sniper was silent, watching in amazement as both darts landed in the
bull's eye territory.

The Tokyo Manji Dart Club let out a war cry, cheering and celebrating their boss. They
huddled together and hugged each other, declaring Mikey to be the greatest dart player of all
time.

"Whatever man," Ryuji said, gritting his teeth and stomping over to the line. "It's just a bunch
of bullshit tricks, not like that matters."

Except it did, and Ryuji knew it. It got into his head. Nanako knew it because it had gotten
into her head too - if they had a couple of guys who could throw like that, what chance did
they have? She tried to average out the points, thinking about their weak players, wondering
if there was a statistical chance of beating them. They had to outpace them almost every
throw from here on out -

...and Ryuji didn't do it.

His throws weren't bad. But Nanako could see he was frustrated and flustered, overthinking
his throws and not relaxing into the moment.

"Do you think that's what it was?" Mikey asked Ren as he walked over to the line.

"What?" Ren asked.



"Bullshit tricks. Do you think what I did was a bullshit trick?"

"Oh, absolutely," Ren said with a smile. "But I like bullshit tricks."

This got a genuine smile from Mikey and Drakken, and an approving chuckle from the rest of
the Tokyo Manji Dart Club, once their boss had.

"I got one for you, actually. What's your favorite card?"

"Hm, not sure I have one...but I guess if we're picking cards for bullshit tricks, why not the
joker?"

"Works for me."

Nanako wasn't sure, exactly, where Ren got an entire deck of playing cards. She also wasn't
sure how he was able to throw them into the air in a confusing cloud of gambling shrapnel -
cards fluttered in every direction, obfuscating the entire space between him and the board.

There were two whistles and two thunks from the thrown darts.

The pair of darts were dead center of the board, landing a bull's eye.

They were also pierced through the joker card.

Everyone on the Tokyo Manji side looked speechless. Even Drakken looked shaken. But
Mikey just clapped.

"Now that's a bullshit trick. You gotta throw for my team."

"Wish I had time, but I'm already busy with club activities."

Ren's move had shifted the cognition of the dart game back to even. Each team had a
ridiculous super-human dart thrower, so now it was just a matter of everyone doing their best,
each of them doing what they could. Ann flirted. Nanako was efficient. Yusuke was elegant.
Niijima's second throw was far more accurate this time, scoring higher.

Drakken landed bull's eyes. So did Mikey.

Ryuji landed one bull's eye, but missed the second one completely, the dart swinging wide
and hitting the wall.

"What the fu-"

"Relax," Ren said, putting his hands on Ryuji's shoulder. "It's fine."

"Nanako!" Morgana called out. "Come here, quick."

Nanako shuffled over to the cat, who had a paw pointed out. "Look at that big guy's coat.
Look at his hand. See it?"

"What the...what is that? And why?"



"He blew Ryuji's dart off-course! That's why he missed."

Ren landed his bull's eyes at the same time that Nanako seized Pah-chin's wrist and pulled his
hand out from under his pockets.

"Cheaters!" Nanako cried, holding the hand up high. Pah-chin had a collapsible fan in his
grip.

"Hey, bitch, let go-"

"You did not just call her that," Niijima seethed, her stance shifting subtly into one of her
aikido positions.

"What, the game getting a little too close for comfort for you?" Nanako demanded.

"Stop accusing us of shit-"

"Hey, back off!" Ryuji said, getting into Drakken's face. "Or I'll make you."

"Gentlemen."

The single world came from Mikey, and the Tokyo Manji Dart Club immediately backed off.

"Pah-chin...did you use that fan on his dart?"

"...yeah, I did, boss."

"Disgraceful. That you would feel the need to lower yourself to such depths...my apologies.
You can, of course, have one more throw. On top of that, anyone on your team may have the
honors. Pah-chin, you and I are going to have a talk about this later."

"Right....sorry, boss."

Nanako plucked the dart out of the board and handed it to Ren.

"Land it and we can take this home," Nanako said. Ren glanced up at the score to see that she
was right. If he got the bull's eye, they'd win. If he didn't, they'd lose.

"Ryuji," Ren said.

"Eh?"

Ren handed him the dart.

"What, you're not serious, you're the one who should throw it."

"I am serious."

"You don't gotta do this just because it's my birthday-"



"I'm not. I'm doing it because I trust you. I count on you. You always come through. You will
this time, too."

Ryuji looked at the dart for a long moment. Then he closed his fist around it and gave Ren a
wicked grin.

"Right."

Ren took a step back to stand next to Nanako.

"Are you sure about this?" she asked.

"More than anything."

Ryuji threw.

And landed the bull's eye.

Chapter End Notes

Bonus points if you know who these guys are.



Chapter 346: 7/3 - Evening
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

There was a cheer from the Phantom Thieves as they rushed to Ryuji and hugged him. They
began jumping up an down in a mass of excited limbs, each crying out their congratulations.

Nanako glanced behind her. The Tokyo Manji Dart Club was heading out. Ren and Mikey
exchanged some words that she couldn't hear, and the two shook hands before they left.

The cheering and congratulations had turned into a chant.

"Ryuji! Ryuji! Ryuji! Ryuji!"

Ryuji beamed, holding his hands triumphantly in the air.

And then he suddenly started coughing. Hard. And a lot. So much so that the group dispersed
around him to give him some space to breathe.

"Sorry," Ryuji said between coughs, holding his hands to his face, "be right back!"

He bolted out the front of Penguin Sniper and down the stairs, presumably to get some fresh
air. The rest of the team picked up their assorted drinks. Niijima went to buy a fresh one for
Ryuji when he got back.

"That was so awesome," Ann said. "I never thought a game of darts could be that exciting. I
didn't even think there were people that took it that seriously. I mean, honestly, biker gang
jackets for a group of guys playing darts?"

"Almost as silly as a bunch of students dressing up in costumes and committing heists,"
Nanako countered.

"True. Though the only really dressing up is you, the rest of us can't help it."

It was then that Nanako noticed the phone on the floor. It had a yellow case with some
stickers. It was pretty beat up and the screen had a crack in the corner. It was Ryuji's.

"I better go give this to him," Nanako said, picking it up. Ann nodded and went to join
Niijima, Morgana, and Yusuke. Nanako was halfway down the stairs when she realized she
hadn't seen Ren by the pool table of the door. She got to the exit of Penguin Sniper and
spotted the both of them.

Ryuji was rubbing his eyes while Ren stood coolly nearby.

"You good, man?" Ren asked.



"Yeah," Ryuji said, trying to swallow up what was clearly an intense bout of emotion. "Yeah,
I'm really good. I just...didn't want people seeing me like that, you know? Kinda killing the
vibe of the victory."

Ryuji sniffed. Ren put his hands in his pockets.

"You wanna talk about it?"

"There's nothing to talk about. There's nothing wrong. I've just...never had a birthday like
this. With friends and people cheering my name and standing up for me and shit, you know? I
guess when everyone was huggin' me and yelling my name it all kinda hit me."

He stretched and took a deep breath, reigning the last of his emotion under control.

"Pretty goddamn embarrassing..."

"No it's not. I know exactly what you mean. I've never had friends like this, either. It didn't
used to bother me, but only because I was so numb to how lonely I was."

Ren pulled his hand out of his pocket and held out a small silver box.

"I got you something."

Ryuji took it and immediately opened it, but since they were both facing away from Nanako,
she couldn't see what it was.

She also figured she was intruding in on a private moment and had already seen too much.
She quietly turned around and started up the stairs. As she climbed, though, she could feel
something...something strengthening behind her.

The social link bond between Ren and Ryuji, maybe?

Nanako and Ren still hadn't talked about the details of their Wild Card powers - but she still
felt that they had to work pretty much the same way that hers did.

Why was she able to feel it now, though? Did it have something to do with what she felt
earlier?

She waited with the rest of them. When Ryuji and Ren came back, Niijima gave Ryuji the
fresh drink and they all sat down near the dart board area they had rightfully won.

"I mean, I know we just did all that to win the time, but I'm kinda tired now..." Ryuji said.
"You guys can keep playing."

"Admittedly, I feel sated for my need to throw darts."

"But...but after all that..." Nanako protested. Ann put a hand on her shoulder.

"Give it up, Nanako. Besides, if we played again now, it would just ruin the epic victory. I
say we pivot and find some sweets!"



"You always want to find sweets," Nanako grumbled...

"That actually sounds really good," Ryuji said.

And so the Phantom Thieves left to find dessert.

Chapter End Notes

You guys gonna play the mobile game?

I probably will because I'm a sucker.



Chapter 347: 7/4 - Afternoon
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Nanako had slept like a log and well into the late morning, exhausted from Ryuji's party -
both physically from the act of making the Number One Kaho Dojima Glorious Ramen of the
Rising East and emotionally from giving Ryuji what seemed to be his best birthday ever.

It was a satisfying feeling, but she woke up feeling unable to fully enjoy it. Niijima texted
that morning that Kaneshiro was getting impatient, and that he was going to be expecting
results soon. They only had until the 9th.

5 days remaining.

Nanako had tried to catch up on maintenance tasks - studying, laundry, the sort of mundane
tasks that kept her life together. But she had a hard time concentrating.

They had made good headway into Kaneshiro's palace, but she still didn't really understand
the man. She wasn't sure how to create the heist they needed in order to get to his treasure.
Every aspect of this palace had been a difficult slog - his security was relentless, and it was
only by brute force and tremendous effort had they been able to get this far.

And lest she forget she almost died when they fought the B.O.A.R.

So when she got a text from Sano asking her to meet up for lunch, she took it right away.
Anything to distract her from her own mind.

They met up at the diner in Shibuya and ate and chatted. Nanako was glad that Sano had
plenty to say, updating her about their booming new cosplay business.

"We're going to spin it off into its own thing, just so that the customers for each type of
leatherwork know which version of us they're contacting. It's gonna be a lot of work though, I
have to come up with a name and branding things. I need a website and social media, and all
that stuff."

"I know a guy who does website stuff, if you need a recommendation," Nanako said, thinking
about how Mishima had been running the PhanSite. The team still generally agreed that
Mishima's work on that was beneficial, but Nanako wondered if it wouldn't hurt if Mishima
had something else to focus on at the same time.

"I think I'm okay with that. I have help. From my girlfriend."

He smiled, embarrassed. Nanako lit up.

"Ah! Congratulations! I told you, didn't I?"

"You did."



"What happened? Tell me all about it."

"It wasn't anything that special. We went to the secondhand clothes store like we always do,
we went out to eat. Afterward is when I asked her to walk through the park with me and then
I asked her if she would be my girlfriend."

"And what'd she say?"

"She said that it took me long enough and that if I hadn't asked her out that day she was
gonna give up on me. I guess I can be a little slow."

"But you get there eventually. I'm happy for you, Sano, I really am."

"It's all because of you," he said, reaching down beside him in the booth. He lifted out a plain
brown paper bag and set it on the table between them. It was surprisingly large.

"What's this?"

"A thank you."

Nanako pulled the bag over to her and reached inside.

"The other one was looking a little worse for wear when I saw you the other day. I don't know
how you wore it out so fast, it's like you beat people over the head with it or something. But I
could see where it needed a little reinforcement, so I got fancy with it."

Nanako lifted out the new carrying case for the Compendium. It was gorgeous. It was the
same basic construction, but this time the leather was blue to match the Compendium itself. It
also had gold-colored metal reinforcements on the spine and corners of the book, where she
often ended up striking the enemy Shadows. The strap itself was also bolstered by metal
fastenings where it connected to the Compendium.

"This is amazing, thank you."

She immediately set the Compendium on the table and lifted it out of the old case. As she
was readying the new one, she flipped the book open. The pages flipped by themselves,
seemingly from a gust of wind.

It opened to the last page of the Strength Arcana.

I am thou. Thou art I.

Thou hast turned a vow into a blood oath.


Thy bond shall become the wings of rebellion and break the yoke of thy heart.

Thou hast awakened to the ultimate secret of Strength, granting thee


Infinite Power.

Nanako could feel it the connection between them reaching full power, and in that moment
she knew that Zaou-Gongen was now available to her.

Maybe Kaneshiro's palace would be passable, after all.



 

--

SOCIAL LINK Rank Up

Strength: Satoishi Sano

MAX LEVEL

Chapter End Notes

Hey, we maxed out a social link!



Chapter 348: 7/4 - ???

"Senpai's down!"

Nanako felt her pivot on her foot, her toe digging into the floor to redirect the momentum of
her body to snap the kick hard and high. It crashed into the neck of the shadow with a
stomach-churning crackle, the force of her kick bolstered by the armor on her ankle.

"Stop messing around with the little ones and get on Long-Gun Chainface!" Yosuke scolded
just before Jiraiya swept down in a burst of green wind energy, sweeping itself and Yosuke
high into the air to avoid the incredibly powerful gun shot. Nanako could barely track the
bullet, but knew that if he hadn't moved it would've probably torn Yosuke in half.

She adjusted her glasses, resumed her bouncing stance, and looked for Yukiko.

"Yukiko!" Nanako called out in a voice that wasn't her own.

"What do you need?" Yukiko called out, kneeling from behind a pixelated block.

"I think..." Nanako started, suddenly unsure. She knew she needed to attack, and she needed
to attack with enough punch that this impossible enemy could be stunned long enough for
them to pull Yu out of the way. But how the heck were they supposed to do that? Plans
weren't her thing, kicking was her thing. Plans were for Yu.

But Yu was face-down, curled in a ball, his sword laying uselessly beside him.

"It's preparing for another attack!" Rise warned them.

"Damnit all, we need to move!" Nanako said with Chie's voice. "Just...I dunno, do something
cool!"

"Something cool!?"

"Something cool!"

Nanako vaulted over her own pixelated block, kicking her Persona card as she did,
summoning Tomoe to trail behind her. She spun the naginata, generating all the force she
could as she ran forward, undeterred. Long-Gun Chainface had already taken aim over
towards Kanji and Take-Mikazuchi, but Nanako's sudden attack had startled the monster,
forcing it to swivel its guns towards her instead.

Great.

But something was bending as she charged. Behind her, she could feel Yukiko summon
Konohana-Sakuya and the incredible heat of the fire behind her. The world was bending,
seeming to get smaller and smaller, focusing entirely in on her and Long-Gun Chainface.

It was a Showtime, Nanako realized.



Though, not quite. The Midnight Channel - no, the Metaverse - was bending to Chie's will in
this memory, but it wasn't breaking the same way it did when they performed a Showtime. It
was like a proto-Showtime.

"Fanning the flames of friendship!" Nanako-Chie cried out, spinning Tomoe's naginata even
faster.

"Burning through the doubts brought on by society!" Yukiko cried. Konohana-Sakuya's
flames streaked across the distance, surrounding the spinning blades, turning into a white-hot
burning disc.

And suddenly Nanako-Chie and Yukiko were speaking as one.

"Clearing out the miasma of self-doubt to let us reach out for the truth!"

"Chie and Yukiko's..."

"...burning slashing..."

"*Dragon Fang!"

The attack connected into the front of Long-Gun Chainface and burst into fire.

And Nanako woke up.

Nanako must've been thrashing around in her sleep, building up some momentum, because
when she woke up, she accidentally threw herself out of the bed and onto the floor.

"Ow ow ow ow..." she whimpered, tangled in her own blankets.

What was that about? It was another memory, for sure, but...it didn't seem to be anything
particularly important. Just a battle in the Metaverse. A tough battle, but a battle. What was
she supposed to learn from that? She already knew how to do a Showtime...

Was this some clue for her to help Chie?

That didn't make sense. All it showed was that Chie and Yukiko were friends. Big deal,
everyone knew that.

Maybe it didn't mean anything at all. Hell, did she even know for sure it was a memory?

Nanako finished untangling herself and got up to get a glass of water.



Chapter 349: 7/5 - Morning

Nanako had just stepped out the front door of the apartment complex and gotten her umbrella
up when a tall, dashing figure swept underneath the protective canopy of nylon.

"Boo," Ren said, sliding a cup of coffee into her hand. Nanako gave it a smell.

"Did you just make this?"

"Of course. One Leblanc special."

"What's the occasion?" she asked as the two of them walked through the gentle rain towards
the train station.

"Does there have to be an occasion?" he asked.

"Well, for you to be able to wait in front of my place in Shibuya, you have to take the extra-
early train from YogenJaya...and you have to have planned out so that this coffee was still
warm enough to drink..."

"Are you making fun of the effort?" he asked.

"No. I'm touched by it."

Nanako let those words sit there while she took the first rejuvenating gulp of caffeine.

"We're going to have to work hard the next few days," Ren said.

"You sound worried."

"I am. We're not nearly as prepared as we were with the other two by now...and Kaneshiro is
getting impatient. He's going to demand Makoto pull through with her end of the deal soon or
your friends are in big trouble. Realistically we only have...maybe two days before we have
to deploy the calling card."

"We'll get it done," Nanako said, trying to reassure him. And maybe herself.

"I know but...at what cost?"

"You're not still worried about me from the last time are you?"

"I'm always going to be. I'm the leader. Your life is in my hands. All of them are."

Nanako handed him the umbrella and then took his arm, hugging it in her own, and resting
her head against his shoulder. To all the world they would've looked like boyfriend and
girlfriend. Maybe in the past, that would've thrilled Nanako, or made her extremely nervous
that she was being too forward - or both.



In that moment it just felt right.

"Nothing to do but move forward and work hard."

They went to school.



Chapter 350: 7/5 Bank of Gluttony

Nanako drank her canned coffee.

It was lukewarm, which ruined the experience, but at least it had the caffeine she needed to
regain some of her mental acuity.

Today was the last push into Kaneshiro's palace. They were getting near their limit, she knew,
but they were so close to securing the infiltration path. After all the stupid passwords and
locks they had to bypass, after all the rearranging of the vault, after all the shadows they had
to kill, it was finally within reach. Joker had made the call to push forward.

Nanako was on the rear guard, taking a breather. Normally they wouldn't have left her alone,
but the area was well-secured, and she wasn't so far back that she couldn't get back up. She
just needed a minute to drink the room-temperature coffee and collect her thoughts.

*Money is power...*

Nanako dropped the can and drew her gun.

No one.

*Money can buy anything...*

She shut her eyes and listened. Here in the vault, sound bounced around in every direction in
strange ways...but if she just took a second to really listen...

*You don't need smarts, you don't need connections, you don't need love or esteem. The
whole world runs on money...

There.

Nanako rushed down the hallways, following the whispering, until she found it.

The last Will Seed.

They had collected the other two during the infiltration without fanfare, and getting through
had been such a slog they hadn't really put much thought into locating the last one. But here it
was.

Nanako touched the radio in her ear.

"Hey guys, I found the last Will Seed, I'm gonna grab it then rendezvous with you."

At the same time, she sumnmoned Izanagi who cut through the layers of money plastered to
the front door with a single slice. Queen's voice came over the comms.

"Angel, I think you-"



Then it went to static. Nanako flinched at the sudden electrical squealch in her ear, but
pushed on. Whatever interference this room was putting on would go away the moment she
stepped back out of it anyway. It was just a Will Seed, it wasn't like-

Nanako lifted up her left hand to see she was holding something.

Teddie's key.

And now, behind the plinth that held the Will Seed, was another glowing golden door,
whispering at the edges of her mind to use the key.

She thought about the last time this thing had appeared - the time in Kamoshida's mind,
where she had gotten to see everything that had made up Kamoshida, all of the pain and poor
decisions he had made that twisted his desires. Something similar had happened in
Madarame's, though that had been much more dangerous, elaborate, and relevant. Knowing
Madarame's past mattered to Yusuke, it helped explained the home he had grown up in.

Did she really need to know anything about Kaneshiro?

He was a criminal. He needed to be taken down to save Chie and Akihiko, as Nanako had
promised. He needed to be taken down to protect the students of Shujin, and all of the others
he took advantage of. Why he became this way didn't matter to Nanako.

She felt her heart hardening against him.

And yet...something still tugged at her to use the key. Was it just the inherent power of the
key, longing to open a door, or was it something else inside of her? Curiosity?

Empathy?

Nanako tossed the key from one hand to the other, staring at the door.

One of the major problems in handling this palace had been that they didn't understand
Kaneshiro. His mind was guarded, calculated, hidden within layers upon layers of puzzles,
enigmas, and defenses. Though they had managed their way through, and though they were
very close to securing the infiltration route, she wasn't sure how they were going to pull off
stealing the treasure. Maybe Ren had a plan and wasn't sharing it yet.

But this could be the insight into the enemy they were looking for.

Chik. Ka-chunk.

The door swung open and Nanako stepped inside.



Chapter 351: 7/5 - ????
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

The world had a shade of purple to it.

Nanako wasn't sure why. The first time she'd fallen into a memory like this at a Will Seed, the
world had been tinted yellow-gold. She had assumed this would be the same and yet
everything was slightly purple...

..the shade of a 5000 yen bank note.

Nanako didn't recognize exactly where she was standing, other than it seemed like a section
of Tokyo she wasn't familiar with, standing on the upper floor of a school that she didn't
know. The students wore unfamiliar uniforms.

But one of the people in the uniform was at least a little familiar.

A teenaged Junya Kaneshiro stood in front of her. He was still chubby as a youth, his uniform
stretching and bunching unflatteringly across his body. Standing next to him was a girl about
his same age. If Nanako had to guess, she would say that the two of them were third years,
just slightly older than she was now.

"You don't have to do this," the girl said to Kaneshiro. Kaneshiro didn't answer, instead he
just crossed his arms across his chest and glared a door in the hallway. It looked like a club
room.

"You're the top student of the class. The rest of your life is going to be good, Junya-kun, this
is just high school. You're proving nothing to nobody."

"Hanabi."

"Yes?" the girl said, startled.

"Shut up."

Hanabi shrunk. The door opened and Kaneshiro stepped inside. Nanako followed.

Hanabi didn't.

The unused club room was still stacked with covered furniture, save for one table. The table
had five people sat around, other students from the same school, though each had their own
subtle uniform violations - not enough to get in trouble, but enough to prove to anyone
paying attention that they were willing to bend a few rules. In the center of the table was a
pile of money, and playing cards.



Nanako focused on one of the students, a larger male with the tail end of a tattoo on his neck,
just at the edge of his shirt collar. He laughed and seemed jovial, but Nanako noticed the way
the other students flinched and tensed whenever the male student brought his attention to
them. This was the one in charge, Nanako was sure of it.

He spoke with a loud, grating voice, welcoming Kaneshiro in and instructing one of the other
students to deal him in. Kaneshiro sat in the empty seat.

And then time sped up. Nanako watched as they all moved in fast-motion, going through
round after round of the card game, watching as money moved from one small pile to the
other. She saw their mouths move and their hands gesture, but she couldn't hear anything they
were saying. Everything seemed drowned out in a dull roar of wind.

It must've been at least a dozen rounds before the game ended. The other students got up and
left, leaving only Kaneshiro and the large, tattooed leader of the game. The club room hadn't
had much sunlight pouring in from the obstructed windows, but it was now in the late
evening, which left only the single light in the ceiling, casting down a dusty yellow glow
from a bulb that needed to be replaced.

Kaneshiro stared down at the surface of the table, eyes wide, jaw slack, his body unable to
process whatever was going through his mind. The big student cracked his knuckles and
stood, towering over him.

"I expect that you'll pay up by the end of the week," he said. Kaneshiro said nothing, nor did
the big student bother to wait for a response. He simply turned off the light and left.

Nanako took a step through the darkness and found that she was at the end of an alleyway,
standing in the shadows. A street light, tinted purple from the effects of the Metaverse
memory, served as her beacon forward. She followed it, and the sickening sounds of closed
fists impacting a torso.

The large student was beating Kaneshiro.

Kaneshiro stumbled back into the wall, using it to brace himself. He grit his teeth and
clenched his fists in a surprising show of anger and resilience, and he lunged for the bigger
student. The student hit him with a quick right cross, stunning Kaneshiro's charge. He
grabbed Kaneshiro by the head and then drove a knee into his chest, knocking the wind out of
him. Kaneshiro slid out of his hands and slumped onto the ground, coughing and wheezing.

"I told you to pay up and now it's been three weeks. You're pissing me off, Kaneshiro."

"I...did pay you..."

"Yeah, late. And now there's interest, shit-head. You need to pay up on all that, unless you
want me to go to the school with what you've done."

"School is over in two weeks..." Kaneshiro gasped.

"Then I guess you have until then to get me my money."



The large student walked away. Kaneshiro lay still on the ground for a long while, trying to
get control of his breathing. He also had that same empty stare, gazing into the brick wall
ahead of him, lost in the overwhelming ocean of his own thoughts.

"Why you gonna pay him?" a voice called out.

Kaneshiro immediately scrambled to sit up and look at the new voice. This one was also
male, but much older, and clearly a gang member, with his open-buttoned hawaiian print
shirt, bleached hair, tattoos, and cigarette hanging from his mouth.

"Wh-what?"

"Why are you gonna pay him?"

"Because if he tells the school, that could ruin my future," Kaneshiro said, now struggling to
get to his feet. "I have an acceptance to a good university."

"Then why do you owe a low-level chump like that money?" the gangster asked. He let his
cigarette drop from his mouth onto the pavement, stamped it out, then reached into his back
pocket to pull the pack out. He slipped out a new cigarette, then offered one to Kaneshiro,
who waved it away.

"It was a poker game."

"That's not what I meant. Why, as in, why did you get yourself mixed up in this kinda shit if
you had a good future ahead of you?"

"Huh?" Kaneshiro seemed even more confused than before.

"Like, me, I get me. I was bad at school, bad at taking orders, bad at fitting into society and
doing what I was told. The best I was ever gonna do was getting some dead-end factory job
or shitty construction work or cleaning toilets. Hard, honest labor never interested me much.
So of course I got into this shit, and I'll probably die from it, but I'm having a good time
doing it. But you...well, unless you're lying to me, why would you throw that away? You can
live to be rich and fat and comfortable."

"Being good at school is all I've ever been good at. It's all I've been known for. So I
just...wanted something interesting about me. Something exciting."

"Exciting is always bad, kid." The gangster took a long drag of the cigarette. "Is there any
possibility at all of you getting that money to that guy?"

"No," Kaneshiro said. The gangster nodded.

"How smart are you? Really? Don't bullshit me."

"Top of my class."

"And what do you know about banking?"



"Some," Kaneshiro said, the word coming out hesitant. "But...I could learn quickly."

The gangster nodded.

"Tell you what, I'll take care of that shithead wannabe, and in exchange, all you gotta do is
help me with a little project. I'm trying to prove something to my boss, see, it's this idea I
have about cleaning up money, but I'm too stupid to make it work. You help me make it
work, and we'll call it even."

"I feel like there's a catch to this."

"I'm not smart enough to lay down a plan like that," the gangster said with a laugh.

"Unless you're playing the fool."

"Huh. Good point. Well, take the offer or not, doesn't matter to me. But I'm about to turn
around and head down the street, probably to a club to see if I can pick up a lady for the
night, and after that I don't think you'll be able to find me. So if you're even a little bit
interested in what I'm saying, you probably got about thirty seconds to make up your mind."

The gangster turned and started walking.

And the world faded back to black.

Light snapped back and Nanako had to flinch. No longer in the dingy back alley, Nanako was
now standing in a nice apartment, filled with light, looking down through huge windows onto
the Tokyo skyline. In front of her, his face pressed against the flat screen of a smartphone,
was Kaneshiro. He looked a lot more like the man she had met - years must have passed.

Nanako spun around to the sound of the front door. She was shocked to see the woman
entering - it was Hanabi, the girl who had stood next to Kaneshiro in front of the club room.
She, like Kaneshiro, had aged, both looking to be in their twenties now. Unlike Kaneshiro,
though, she looked respectable, a typical office lady in her business suit coat and pencil skirt.
She stood at the doorway, leaning against the frame for a moment in order to take off her
shoes, but then strangely decides against it.

"Just make sure we increase the collection rates. I want at least double what we took in by the
end of the quarter," Kaneshiro said. Nanako heard a muffled voice on the other end of the
phone.

"Ohtani? That idiot has long-served his purpose. I don't care what happens to him, just make
sure he doesn't get in the way. Use your best discretion."

Kaneshiro shut off the call. He turned around and saw Hanabi, who was looking at Kaneshiro
with a mixture of exhaustion and pain. But not surprise. It wasn't like she was shocked to
hear what Kaneshiro was talking about. To Nanako, it more seemed as if Hanabi was coming
to grips with something she already knew - accepting the grim truth.

"How was work at the bank today, dear?" Hanabi asked.



"Fine. Made lots of money," Kaneshiro replied. He didn't look up from his phone, instead
focused on entering something into the screen.

"You know, they gave me half the day off today, since my company is being sold and all. Big
work luncheon at a hotel to celebrate."

"Mhm, yeah, I think you mentioned that didn't you?"

One look at Hanabi's face told Nanako that she hadn't mentioned that.

"I didn't go. I feigned some illness. I thought it might be more fun to go and surprise you at
work instead."

Kaneshiro stopped tapping things on the phone, but he didn't look up.

"When you weren't there, I thought perhaps that you were out on one of your business deals,
or maybe I had missed you and you were out to lunch already...but I kept asking. And I kept
getting very evasive answers from the people that work there. Evasive, inconsistent answers.
The only thing that was the same between all of them was the fear in their eyes when I
brought up your name."

A long silence stretched between them.

"Are you hoping for some sort of explanation?" Kaneshiro finally asked.

"No. If this were six months ago, then, yes, I would be demanding an explanation. And
because you're so smart, you would come up with one. And I would've believed it because I
love you and I want to believe it."

"But that's not true anymore," Kaneshiro said as a statement, not a question. It wasn't clear to
Nanako if he was talking about her wanting to believe him, or loving him.

"You never did any of it, did you? Go to university, get a job at the bank..."

"No."

"Why? All because of that card game? All because you had something to prove?"

"I had nothing to prove," Kaneshiro said, anger seeping into his voice. He shoved his phone
into his pocket as hard as he could. Nanako could hear a few of the stitches of the coat pocket
pop as he did. "I was trying to get out."

"You said Ohtani helped you out of that."

"He did. Helped me out of one problem and into his greedy clutches. Said I owed him, and
said that crossing him would be much more dangerous than crossing some high school
wannabe. And he was right. The people Ohtani worked for were the real deal, and he realized
that I was an asset. I'm smarter than him. I knew it. He knew it. And the only tool he had to
keep me in line was fear."



"You could've gone to the police. Or told me. Or told anyone, someone would have helped
you-"

"I didn't need help. I realized that as long he thought he as in control, I could really be in
control. I could get what I wanted out of the situation."

"Which was what?"

"Money."

Hanabi was exasperated.

"That doesn't make sense. You've been pretending to be a bank president for years, but you
could've actually been a bank president. You had the grades, you had the mind for it, you had
the connections-"

"I would've made less than I do now as a bank president. In exchange, I would've had
legitimacy, that is true. And perhaps the chance to rise beyond, into the upper levels of the
corporate world. But working for Ohtani, working for the-"

"Don't say it out loud."

This took Kaneshiro off-guard for a second, but he paused, nodded, and continued.

"Working for the people that I do taught me something. Money is the only thing that matters.
Prestige, legitimacy, power - those are things made up by people who don't have money.
Where you get it doesn't matter, as long as you have lots and lots of it."

"You don't believe that."

"How could I not? The people I work for? Most of them are idiots. They're not clever, they're
not skilled, they're just bold. Bold enough to do whatever they want to take what they want.
The ones that get caught are the ones that try and take something that isn't money. If all you
look for is money, then it's easy. Money buys prestige, it buys legitimacy, it buys power, it
buys women..."

Another long silence.

"It doesn't buy me," Hanabi said. "So what am I to you?"

"A weakness."

Silence.

Hanabi turned and walked out the door.

When the door clicked shut, Nanako took a gasping breath and a step backward.

When she had seen Kamashido's past, she had wept. Wept for the lonely boy who had gone
down a wrong path looking for love.



When she had seen Madarame's story, she ached for Yusuke, but was filled with a new
resolve to become a new family for him.

Now, in that moment, for Kaneshiro, she didn't feel anything.

It felt like someone had gone into the bottom of her heart and cut a hole open, then used a
vegetable peeler to scrape out the inside of it until there was nothing left but the shell.

She felt Ren's fingers wrap around her hand.

"You're very bad at listening to directions," he whispered.

"I know. I didn't used to be."

Silence.

"The route is secured. But there's a lot to do still."

"I was hoping you had already worked out the heist," Nanako said.

"I'm stumped, to be honest. But we have a few more days. Maybe something you saw will
inspire us."

Their comms crackled.

"Security is getting a little heated in here guys," Mona stated. "Time for exfil."

Chapter End Notes

Wow, what a time to try and post an update.



Chapter 352: 7/5 - Evening

It was a struggle for Nanako to get through her studying. Bit by bit, she felt her heart fill back
up. She could feel emotions again, even if now she was feeling a profound sadness for
Hanabi and a dull pity for Kaneshrio.

She wouldn't mention the pity to anyone. She doubted they would understand.

It had taken some of the leftover Number One Kaho Dojima Glorious Ramen of the Rising
East and two Kit-Kats to jumpstart her into feeling like a human again. It had taken a can of
cold brew coffee to get her through her mathematics work. And now she was feeling a little
jittery, flicking through channels in an endless loop.

Did that make her weird, channel surfing on the TV? Most people her age just scrolled
through social media. She supposed she could get out her phone and dive into the limitless
gigabytes of video content that waited for her out there. But for some reason that didn't seem
to be as strong a comfort.

What was it with her and TVs?

She had seen Teddie on a TV.

Metaverse. TV. Channel surfing.

Something was struggling to connect, somewhere in her mind. Two neurons were reaching
across her brain like the outstretched fingers of Michelangelo's Sistine Chapel.

The doorbell chimed. Nanako set the remote and her phone down on the coffee table and
walked towards the front door. Before she could get there, there was an impatient knocking at
the door.

"Yu, hurry up, this is heavy!"

Nanako frowned and opened the door.

"Chie?"

"Move, Nanako!"

She did. Chie stumbled in, holding a pair of 45 pound dumbell plates. She squatted low to the
floor and set them down gently. She let out a breath of relief and wiped her forehead.

"Okay, one down, only ten or so more trips."

"What the heck is all this?" Nanako asked.

"It's a weight set that Rise bought me when I first moved out to Tokyo. It was really sweet of
her, but it was kind of impractical because I didn't really have the room for it. I had to do



bench presses in the kitchen. Then I moved to the place I'm at now and had even less space,
so this has been in storage. I'm just clearing it all out before I-..."

Chie didn't even really trail off, she just ended the sentence.

"Before you what?"

"Before I move back to Inaba."

"What happened?" Nanako demanded. Chie sighed, turned to close the front door, and then
wandered over to the kitchen to sit down.

"Nothing. I'm just being realistic."

Nanako took a moment while Chie sunk her face into her palms. She had to mentally parse
out all of the information she knew about the Kaneshiro incident and make sure that she only
referred to things that Chie had directly told her about. It was getting tricky keeping all of it
in order.

"So the situation got worse?" Nanako asked.

"I don't know. It hasn't gotten better, that much is for sure, and I'm running out of time to
resolve it. I'm out of options."

"But that doesn't make sense! What about Naoto? Can't she help?"

Chie shook her head. "It's not that simple, Nanako. This isn't just about getting the bad guy
this is about...politics. Power. Appearances. It's not enough to know the truth or even uncover
it. Not when there are people who are willing to push it back into the shadows for personal
gain."

"So that's it? You just...give up."

"I'm being realistic!" Chie snapped. "Inaba's not so bad. I grew up there. Yukiko is there. My
parents are there. I'll work with your dad, I'll be completely content to live there."

"But-"

"Four days, Nanako. There's only four days left for me. I just...need you to accept this,
okay?"

"I don't," Nanako said. Chie looked up, anger and frustration flashing in her eyes and curling
her lips. It only made Nanako stand up straighter.

"I can't believe you won't accept going back to our hometown!"

"This isn't about Inaba!" Nanako snapped back. "I love Inaba too. I miss it. And yes, you
could live a perfectly happy life there, if that's what you choose to do. But you're not making
that choice, you're settling!"



"Settling? In four days it won't matter what I choose, I'll be forced out of the Tokyo Police."

"Well that's not good enough!"

To Nanako's surprise, tears were gathering at the corner of her eyes. She felt the run hot down
her cheeks.

"So what if they're going to force you out in four days! Then let them force you out! But the
Chie I know doesn't give up until the end! The Chie I know would fight up until the very end,
struggle and push back and try to find a way out until the last second!"

"It's impossible."

"Maybe it is! Maybe there's nothing you can do, maybe this situation is too big for you to fix,
but you can still choose to stand and fight! I can't bear to see you give up. You guys - my
friends, my family - you don't give up. Cause if you give up...what's to prevent me from
giving up?"

Chie's face softened. The silence was filled only by Nanako's heavy breathing.

A small corner of Nanako's mind realized that this, strategically, was the best way to buy time
for Chie. The Phantom Thieves would solve the Kaneshiro problem. But solving that
problem wouldn't help Chie if she quit the force ahead of time. This would keep her from
quitting early. It was the best possible thing she could have said.

But it was also the truth.

Even though she had worked so hard to build up her own friends, her own willpower, her
own strength, she still needed her Big Bro and his friends to be role models for her. And
maybe that wasn't fair. Chie was human, just like all of them. She couldn't live up to the
idealized version that Nanako had when she was six.

But she could at least go down swinging. Maybe that was still an idealized version of Chie -
just one made by a sixteen year old, rather than a six year old.

But maybe Chie needed someone to believe in her, too. Maybe everyone needs someone to
look up to them, just to push them to being the best they can be.

"You're right," Chie said, standing up. "What's four more days, right? If I get forced out, I'll
have lots of time to bring the weight set over."

"Believe in justice," Nanako said. "Believe that everything can work itself out."

"I think it would take a miracle at this point," Chie said. "But I've seen stranger things
happen."

"Sit down," Nanako said, pushing her way into the kitchen.

"No, I should take these weights and head off-"



"I have leftover Number One Kaho Dojima Glorious Ramen of the Rising East."

Chie sat down.

--

SOCIAL LINK RANK UP

The Sun: Chie Satonaka

Level 4



Chapter 353: 7/6 - After School

NANAKO: Do you think you'll be up by the garden today?

HARU: No, sorry, Nana-chan, I have to meet with someone today. Would you mind
going up and taking care of things?

NANAKO: Of course! Have a good meeting.

HARU: I shall try.

 

"Coast is clear," Nanako said, slipping her phone away. "No one will be coming up here."

"It's nice to know that our old hideout isn't gonna get crashed out by the busy-body student
prez," Ryuji said with a grin as he leaned himself back on two legs of a discarded school
chair.

The Phantom Thieves had reconvened on the roof of Shujin Academy, and Nanako had to
admit it felt a little nostalgic. But after some brief discussion, it was determined that sorting
out Kaneshiro's final infiltration plan at the Shibuya Accessway was too dangerous - who
knew what eyes and ears he had around there. At least here there was somewhat controlled
access.

Niijima sighed and crossed her arms at Ryuji at his comment.

"I understand the need for privacy, given Kaneshiro's resources. But Kitagawa isn't here, and
I feel like filling him in on the plan after the fact is going to be detrimental," Niijima said.

"He's here, we snuck him in," Nanako said, matter-of-factly.

"What? How?"

"Spare uniform," Nanako said.

The thunk-hiss of the push-bar door on the roof caused everyone to turn their heads. A
student in a plaid skirt and white sweater was walking forward, and Niijima immediately
sprung into action.

"Excuse me, but you do not have permission to be up here on the ro-- oh dear."

"I apologize for breaking your school rules," Yusuke said.

Ryuuji fell over.

"What the hell are you doing dude?!"



Yusuke looked down at his skirt and sweater. He also had one of Ann's wigs, which had gave
him an elegant head of long, silky black hair.

"I am infiltrating," he said matter-of-factly, tilting his head curiously. "Surely they would not
have let me into the school had they not thought I was a student."

"But...why the female uniform?" Niijima asked, confused.

"We tried Ren's but he is shorter than I. The pant legs did not fully cover my ankles, which
would have drawn more attention to it not being my uniform. This skirt, however, is more
forgiving in terms of approximate length according to the dress code. Additionally, the wig
hides my true hair color."

"Why didn't you just wear gym clothes and use the shorts?" Niijima asked.

Nanako looked at Ren. They both grimaced.

"I guess...we didn't think of that..." Nanako admitted, embarrassed.

"I did," Ann said.

"Then why didn't you say anything?!" Ryuji demanded as he picked himself off the ground.

"Cause he looks so good! Look at him! He's gorgeous!"

"He is not!" Ryuji grumbled, picking up the chair.

"I think someone doth protest too much," Ren said.

"Shut up, don't you start."

"You need not worry for my embarrassment," Yusuke said. "I am more than comfortable
enough with my gender identity. Clothing is another form of artistic expression, and I'm
finding this to be a very interesting experience."

"Listen up everyone, Yusuke's clothes are not important," Morgana said, jumping onto the
table. "We are running out of time. We don't have a strategy for the calling card, and we don't
have much of a plan other than the infiltration route, which we only barely secured. We have
a lot of work to do!"

"He's right," Ren said. "Let's get started."

The Phantom Thieves pulled up chairs around the table. Ren unrolled a blueprint that he and
Morgana must have worked on. In it was a detailed diagram of the Bank, as well as the
infiltration route they had secured, with all sorts of notes of the countermeasures and security.

"Thanks to Makoto's thorough notetaking," Ren said, "we have a good idea of how the place
operates. But I think that there is a risk that our infiltration route could be slowed up if we are
not careful. Once we deliver the card, it's possible that the landscape of the bank could
change."



"Is that really possible?" Ann asked, looking at Morgana. "That hasn't happened before."

"True. The palace is well-solidified, so it's not likely to change. But after the B.O.A.R., I'm
worried that there might be something in place for a full-on attack, something we haven't
triggered yet."

"Another B.O.A.R.?" Yusuke asked.

"Not likely," Morgana said. "When we attacked Kamoshida, we had intentionally used the
split portions of the Shadow to mis-inform Kamoshida. But I don't think Compyshiro was
able to give all of the information from that battle back to the main Shadow."

"Why not?" Ann asked.

"Well. Um. I don't know, really, it's just a feeling I have," Morgana admitted.

"I think it makes sense based on his psychology, though," Niijima added. "He's very careful
with lots of redundancies and back-up plans. Part of those plans would be to keep certain
portions separated, so as not to open himself up to creating too many holes or having
cascading weaknesses. Think about how many doors were opened by remote security control,
how many doors needed multiple keys. If Compyshiro was a portion of him working on
building stronger defenses, taking it down would be a major set back if it was overly
connected."

Ann rubbed her forehead. "I dunno. Maybe I just don't understand it, but it seems like we're
making a lot of guesses..."

"There's never a way to know everything," Ren said. "Everything we've done up to this point
has proven that. The plan isn't going to go exactly the way we want it to. But we need to set
up as many things in our favor as possible."

"So we need to get Kaneshiro as far off his guard as possible with the calling card," Nanako
said. "Like Madarame."

"Except we don't know anything about Kaneshiro. We knew a lot about Madarame," Ann
said.

"We know more than we think," Ren said. He turned to fix his gaze at Nanako. "We need to
know what you saw."

Nanako nodded. She had a feeling that was the direction this was going to go, so she took a
deep breath and carefully recounted what she saw in the Will Seed memory, step by step,
detail by detail. When she was finished, the Phantom Thieves sat in silence, processing the
words. The air conditioning units on the roof kicked on, adding a dull drone in the
background.

"So he's just heartless," Ryuji finally said. "A cold-hearted asshole, through and through."

"What?" Nanako asked, confused.



"I wouldn't quite use that language to describe it, but in general I'm in agreement," Niijima
said. "There's not a lot to go on in terms of impacting him emotionally."

"How can you say that? To me, it's pretty obvious what the play is," Nanako said. "Ebeneezer
Scrooge."

"Huh?" Ryuji asked.

"You know, Scrooge. A Christmas Carol? The ghost story written by British author Charles
Dickens," Nanako said.

"Oh, right, I know that one," Ann said.

"I barely read things by Japanese writers, I ain't starting to read British ones," Ryuji said.
Nanako sighed, though secretly, she hadn't read the story either. She'd seen an American
movie version of it featuring the Muppets.

"Scrooge is a greedy money lender who cares for no one, but his dead partner comes back as
a ghost to warn him that he has to change his ways, or he'll suffer eternal punishment. He's
visited by three ghosts - the Ghosts of Christmas Past, Present, and Future. Confronted with
these three things, Scrooge vows to change his ways," Nanako explained. "Hanabi is our
Ghost of Christmas Past."

"You said that Kaneshiro called Hanabi a weak point and cut her loose the moment she was
going to interfere with his 'business' dealings," Niijima argued.

"No, he said she was a weakness. His weakness. Just like Scrooge, he gave up on the woman
he loved in order to pursue greater wealth, too."

"Kaneshiro isn't Scrooge. This isn't a story. I don't see how trying to leverage a previous
girlfriend that he had almost no care for would have a major impact on him," Niijima said. "I
think the better move is to remove his sense of control. Kaneshiro is very careful to keep his
dealings under wraps and to have a tight fist on Shibuya. If the calling card put that into
question, somehow made him feel powerless or that he was losing his grip, then it would put
him in a higher state of panic."

"Or it will trigger whatever safeguards he has in place for something like that," Nanako
countered. "Both here and in the Metaverse. Going to his heart is something he'd never
predict, because there's no way he would ever think someone could visit his memories like
that."

"You're making that relationship stronger than it is," Niijima insisted.

"I'm not. I saw it. You didn't."

Everyone stopped and looked at Ren. He had slipped off his glasses at this point, tucking
them into his uniform pocket. He had his chin on his hand, his eyes half-closed in thought.

"What's Hanabi's full name?" Ren asked.



"I don't know," Nanako admitted. Ren nodded.

"The Scrooge plan has merit, but I don't think we can pull it off in the time we have left," Ren
said. "We have to deliver the Calling Card tomorrow. We might spend all day trying to find
her and never come up with anything. Even if we do, she might not be in Tokyo, or even in
Japan."

Nanako nodded. That was a decent point.

"What's your suggestion?" Ren asked Niijima.

"Calling cards all across Shibuya. As many as we can copy and post in an evening, so many
that not even he could get rid of them. We make enough of them, it'll get onto social media,
and then there's nothing he can do to control the spread," Niijima said.

"I like it," Morgana said.

"Then that's what we'll do," Ren said.

"I'd like to take the lead in writing the card, if you don't mind," Niijima said. "Some of the
grammar on the first one was..."

"Hey, I wrote that one!" Ryuji said.

"And it was...memorable," Niijima said as gently as she could.

"Makoto and Ryuji, you're on it. Yusuke can help with any design aspects as needed. The rest
of us...try and get some rest. Make whatever preparations we need."

The meeting concluded. Niijima immediately pulled Ryuji to his feet and dragged him out the
door, issuing a list of commands as she did. Ren excused himself, saying that he had an
appointment he had to attend to.

Yusuke was adjusting his wig, preparing to make his exit, when Ann grabbed him by the arm.

"Hold on. We need you."

Yusuke stopped. Nanako frowned.

"We do?" she asked.

"Yes, we do," Ann said. "Because we're not giving up on your idea, Nanako."

"We...aren't?"

"Get out your drawing book, Yusuke, and prepare to draw like you've never drawn before."

"It's called a sketchbook-"

"Shut up and pencil-up.'






Chapter 354: 7/6 - After School

"There really isn't a need for this-" Nanako tried to explain.

"No, there is. You think this idea is going to work, so it's going to work. All we need to do is
find Hanabi, right?"

"But we don't have anything but a first name," Nanako said. "I don't even know what
characters she uses to write it."

"But you saw her face. Which means you can describe it, which means Yusuke can draw it,
which means we can search for her on social media."

"I...guess so?"

"Well we're going to at least try it," Ann demanded. "You can do this, right Yusuke?"

He spun his pencil once in his delicate fingers and brushed back a lock of black hair.

"I will do my best."

Yusuke instructed Nanako to shut her eyes and focus on as much visual detail as possible.
Nanako had always felt that her ability to recall information was good, but the more she tried
to put what she saw into words, the clumsier it felt. At the end of the first attempt, the sketch
was way off.

"Try it again," Ann said. "But...this time, Yusuke, you ask questions, too. You two obviously
have different meanings for different things, so try and line it up with each other."

"Ah, I see what you mean," Yusuke replied. "Nanako lacks the formal training to describe
things as a trained artist. I need to try and figure out how she is seeing it and interpret what
she means...this is why language is so clumsy, and artistic expression so pure..."

"Yeah, yeah, just start drawing."

They tried again. This time, Yusuke asked questions, but Nanako found the questions
confusing. They were things like 'what flower is most similar to her cheeks' and 'how flared
were her nostrils.' Nanako answered as best she could, but the hesitation was clear in her
voice. This time, Ann insisted that Nanako add a description of the school uniforms as well
as the clothing Hanabi was wearing in the second memory.

Nanako opened her eyes.

"Wow. It's, uh..." she frowned.

"Something the matter?" Yusuke asked.



"I don't know how to explain it. It's right, but it's also...wrong. Like, it's close, but not close
enough that you'd be able to really say it was the actual person," Nanako said. "Sorry, I don't
know if I'm explaining it right..."

Yusuke looked at his sketchbook and glared at it, as if somehow he could shame the art into
being correct.

"Is it like looking at a look-a-like, or maybe their sibling or something?" Ann asked. Nanako
snapped her fingers.

"Yes! Exactly like that!"

"Ah. So the general aspects are correct, but the exact way in which they interact with each
other."

Ann had her phone out already and was furiously tapping away something.

"So if the general components of the drawing are correct, then it's just a matter of synching
the core of who they are, right? I think you guys just still need to get on the same page. This
time, Nanako, try explaining how she makes you feel."

"What do you mean?"

"Well, empathy is like your superpower. If you can connect that to Yusuke's art skill, she'll
come out."

"Mm, yes, I believe Ann is correct. Capturing a portrait is not always about the exact
technical specifications of the line, but also revealing what the heart sees when they look at
another. Let's try again," Yusuke said.

Nanako nodded and shut her eyes one last time. She had to concentrate on what made Hanabi
who she was. Even though she hadn't met her in person and had just seen her through the
view of a Metaverse-powered memory, there were still aspects of her that stirred Nanako's
heart.

Sadness and longing, she told Yuskue. Those were what drove Hanabi's core. That she could
see something in Kaneshiro that he couldn't see in himself. He weighed himself down with an
insecurity that had no basis in fact but had become so large in his mind that it had come to
define who he was. Hanabi's only sin was that she believed in the power of her love so much
that she thought she could bring him to see it - see himself from her perspective.

Nanako gasped when she opened her eyes.

"That's her," she said.

Yusuke looked pleased with himself, but then bowed a nod of respect towards Nanako. "You
did an excellent job of explaining Hanabi's emotional core. Without it, I would not have
managed to create this."

"I knew you guys could do it," Ann said with a smile. "Now we have to find her."



"But how?"

"I already figured out what high school they went to," Ann said, holding up her phone. "They
haven't changed their uniforms since Hanabi and Kaneshiro went there. So now it's just a
matter of hunting down where she went to university and figuring out what company she
works for..."

"There's no way you'll be able to figure that out, is there?" Nanako asked. "This would be a
lot easier if we had some sort of super-hacker on the team..."

"Oh, sweet, sweet, Nanako. You underestimate both how much people use social media and
my skills as a social media stalker," Ann said. "Now get your phone out, we have searching
to do."

"May I be excused?" Yusuke asked.

"Yes, thank you for your help, Yu-yu-chan," Ann said.



Chapter 355: 7/6 - Evening
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

"This whole time, I've been trying to decide whether or not I'm impressed or terrified about
what you've accomplished," Nanako said. "I've settled on terrified."

"Why? It wasn't like I did anything special," Ann said. The train slowed and the two girls got
off, falling easily into the flow of the evening rush foot traffic.

Odd, wasn't it only a few months ago that Nanako was struggling to keep up?

"You found out where she works! Her full name!"

"Yeah, because she posted it all online. Social media is like that. People think just because
they don't have a lot of followers that they don't need to be careful. And I guess that's
generally true - if you're not important, why would someone look for you?" Ann said. "But
like, my professional modelling page is super careful. I don't even have one for myself, I just
text pictures to people directly. It's just not worth the risk of someone doing what I did."

Nanako thought about that for a second. Sure, she had social media, just like everyone else.
She followed people she knew, checked in on posts from her friends back in Inaba. And she
had her account set to private, of course. But so had Hanabi. That didn't stop Ann from
sleuthing her way through replies and re-used usernames and an abandoned blog from ten
years ago. When you weren't famous, who was going to look for you? You were probably a
lot less careful.

Nanako made a mental note to double check her posts when she got home.

"So what's the plan here, exactly?"

"I don't know, I just got you to this point," Ann said. "I got you the opportunity, the rest is
your plan."

Nanako frowned. Well, there wasn't a whole lot to do until they confirmed that Ann's
sleuthing was right, so they went up the stairs and onto the street. They followed Ann's phone
and walked along the directions until they were in front of an office building. They stood off
to the side and held their phones, appearing to all the world like two teenaged girls goofing
off in their free time.

It wasn't long before they found her. She walked out along with the other workers heading
home for the evening.

She was older than Nanako had seen her in the last memory. Tired, but unlike in the memory,
not completely consumed with melancholy. There was a different inner strength about her.

"Now what?" Nanako asked after Hanabi walked by.



"Your plan," Ann reiterated. Nanako glowered, then turned to follow her at a reasonable
distance.

Nanako started to feel a hefty amount of doubt about this. Yes, in theory, Kaneshiro running
into Hanabi would shake him up psychologically. But how was she going to get the two of
them in the same room? Access to Kaneshiro was difficult - hence the reason Chie and
Akikiko Sanada got into this mess in the first place. And what was Nanako supposed to say
to Hanabi? 'Hi there, you know the guy that broke your heart years ago, would you mind just
checking in on him at a specific time tomorrow?'

"I think we should-" Nanako started, intending to tell Ann that they should forget the whole
thing and head home.

And then they saw where Hanabi was going.

"...I think I know what we have to do now," Nanako said.

--

The train stopped at Shibuya and the two girls got off. It was getting pretty late, and Nanako
was feeling the fatigue in her feet. Still, she felt good about the plan.

"You're sure you don't want to tell the others?" Ann asked.

"Yes. It's not strictly necessary for the calling card to work," Nanako said as they went
through the famous Shibuya crossing. "So if it doesn't work, it doesn't matter."

"Plus you sorta want to get Niijima back for that Compyshiro thing."

"That too," Nanako said sheepishly.

They passed into the front lobby and entered the elevator. When it closed and started
ascending, Nanako felt a question scraping at the inside of her head that just had to be
answered.

"Hey, Ann...why did you bother with all this?"

"Hmm? What do you mean?"

"Ren and the others vetoed the idea, and like I said, it's not strictly necessary in order for the
calling card to work. We went through a lot of trouble today to get this done. Why?"

Ann looked confused.

"Cause you're my best friend? What kind of dumb question is that?"

The elevator dinged and the door slid open. Nanako said goodnight and exited, allowing Ann
to ride on to her floor.

She didn't head straight in, though. Instead, Nanako held a hand to her heart and smiled.



Yes, she supposed. That was a pretty dumb question.

--

SOCIAL LINK RANK UP

The Star: Ann Takamaki
Level 9

Chapter End Notes

We're almost there!

I forgot to mention in yesterday's post that Ann's methodology is inspired by this girl on
Tik Tok who does "consensual doxxing" and it is honestly pretty crazy how much
information we leave spread across the internet for people to track us down if they really
wanted to.

Hope you're all doing well! I messed up my knee really badly about two weeks ago, so
that's been fun. I'll find out soon just how badly I messed it up. Did you know MRI
machines are really loud?



Chapter 356: SIR JUNYA KANESHIRO

SIR JUNYA KANESHRIO,

 

The money-devouring sinner of gluttony.

 

You indulge in scamming others with horrendous methods

that target minors exclusively.

 

We have decided to make you confess all your crimes

with your own mouth.

 

We will take your distorted desires without fail.

 

- The Phantom Thieves of Heart




Chapter 357: 7/7 - Afternoon

It was 1 PM.

The nightclub should have been nearly silent. It was, after all, a night club.

Maybe there would be one manager, taking inventory, receiving deliveries.

Maybe one of the guys would use it as a place to bring a woman.

Instead, it was a command center.

A dozen men streamed in and out of the door, with one guy serving as security. These little
men scurried like ants, in and out, giving their reports to the lieutenants, who were trying to
look cool and in command and in control of a situation that was very much out of control.

At the center of it all, like the eye of a hurricane, was Kaneshiro.

He sat on the couch like an emperor on the throne, practically a statue. There was no time for
his body to move while his mind was running through all of the possibilities.

He had of course, planned for direct assaults of all kind - other yakuza, the police, the Triads.
There were bunkers, weapons, boats and planes on standby, favors owed that could be cashed
for all sorts of retaliatory measures.

But this wasn't an enemy that could be fought like that.

He wasn't even sure it was an enemy at all.

Yes, this so-called "calling card" had been plastered all across Shibuya - dozens, maybe even
hundreds, of the same little message, all directed at him.

By name.

He had gone to great lengths to protect his name. Unlike other foolish yakuza leaders, he
didn't want infamy. He wanted money, and all that it could bring with it. Name recognition
was just another distraction, and in reality, just a way people used to get money.

If it weren't for his name, he would have written these Phantom Thieves off as rumor or
urban legend. At worst they were some petty blackmailer vigilantes.

But they knew his name.

Why?

"Confess with your own mouth" it said. That's what happened to the other two in the news -
the pervert coach and the art guy. They just started talking, admitting to everything.



Kaneshiro knew that was the basic mistake - you never talk. Never admit to anything. If the
police want to prove it, they can try and prove it, but never say it yourself.

Maybe those guys were just idiots.

Or maybe this threat was real.

But if this threat was real, what was he supposed to do about it? Nobody knew anything
about the Phantom Thieves, or at least anything useful. He had tapped into all of his sources
the moment he found out, and there was nothing but rumors, a website, and the fact that there
was some sort of special police taskforce that may or may not be looking at the Phantom
Thieves.

Phantom was a good word for them.

A chilling thought crossed his mind. What if these Phantom Thieves were just a competent
was he was - meticulously hiding their identities, obscuring their methodology?

He picked up his phone and scrolled through the seemingly endless contact list. It rang twice.

"Hello?" the voice sounded confused.

"Lieutenant Sanada," Kaneshiro said. "This is an interesting ploy, but I'm afraid it's not going
to save you."

There was a pause. Sanada was a boy scout, completely immune to corruption. But he was
also competent. This pause was, undoubtedly, Sanada trying to work out if there was a way to
trace the phone call, or record the call, or research the number. Kaneshiro had already taken
preventative measures against all of those things, of course.

"I'm not sure what you're talking about," Sanada replied.

"Let's not be coy. The Phantom Thieves of Heart? It's an interesting strategy," Kaneshiro
continued. "Criminals are a stupid, superstitious bunch. So you use the threat of the Phantom
Thieves, which supposedly got two other men to confess their crimes, to rattle me. Send me
into hiding. Maybe I'll make a mistake. Maybe I'll let you go in hopes that I'll be spared. It's
clever, but unfortunately, it's not going to work."

Sanada laughed, which ignited anger deep in Kaneshiro's chest.

"You know, I honestly wish I was smart enough to have thought of that," he said. "But this
isn't me. I don't know who the Phantom Thieves are. But if they're real...I hope they get you."

Kaneshiro hung up on him and tossed his phone onto the couch angrily. It bounced twice.

"Boss," one of the lieutenants said, daring to step forward.

"What the hell do you want?" Kaneshiro snapped. The lieutenant was 6'4 with an impressive
physique and a booming deep voice, with a face that was both handsome and terrifying. He
was a movie-style stereotype of a yakuza, with the strength and will to follow through with



whatever violence needed to be done. And yet, Kaneshiro snapping at him was enough to
cow him into bowing submissively.

"I'm sorry to bother you. But three of the cards collected had something extra written on
them. Thought you should see them."

He held out the cards with both hands, as if he were a businessman presenting his business
card. Kaneshiro took them. The cards were hastily made, the edges not exactly straight.
Whoever made them had made a lot of them quickly, most likely right before they were
spread throughout Shibuya. The message on them was clear.

But as stated, these three had something else written on them - by hand, in pen, with what
looked to be a woman's handwriting. The writing had three pieces of information:

An address.

A time.

And a simple command: "come alone."

Kaneshiro crumpled the cards.

"No more reports of information," Kaneshiro told his lieutenant. "Have everyone take down
every card they can and destroy them. Then go about business as usual. This is a feint by the
police, trying to scare us into making a mistake. Make sure everyone understands that."

"Yes, boss."

"And if you or any of the others hear the guys challenging my authority, you have my
permission to remind them of their place by any means necessary."

This caused the lieutenant to smile.

"You got it, boss."

The lieutenant went off to attend to his duties. Kaneshiro stuck the crumpled cards in his
pocket.

Well. It seemed at least one of the Phantom Thieves wanted to confront him directly. It was
dangerous to do so, sure, but a quick search of his phone showed that the address was a
public place. He would bring a body guard or two and see what was going on.

It was the only move he had to play.



Chapter 358: 7/7 - Bank of Gluttony

The calling card had the worst possible result.

As always, the threat level was at maximum as Kaneshiro's psyche was pushed to its
maximum wariness. The shadows were numerous and in a battle frenzy.

But Kaneshiro's palace wasn't a showy European castle.

It wasn't a self-aggrandizing museum.

It was an organized bank, with back-up plans upon back-up plans. Just as they feared.

"We've done this many times before," Queen said, attempting to sound both in command and
reassuring at the same time. "We know how to disable the security as we go through. The key
is to do it efficiently, quickly, but conserve our strength enough to reach the end."

"Easy for you to say!" Skull retorted as he squeezed his thighs around the neck of a higher-
ranked security shadow whose body was half-transformed into the striped legs of a Rakshasa.
Skull rode on its shoulders, beating down on its head with his pipe repeatedly. With a last cry,
he surged electric energy through his hands and super-charged the pipe, smashing it through
the cranium, turning it back into inky ichor. As the shadow melted, he rushed forward and hit
the commands on the security console.

On the security monitor, Nanako watched as the other team of Joker, Queen, and Mona
pushed through the next open door.

"Behind us!" Fox warned as he drew his sword. Four more lower-ranked shadows were
rushing in, already beginning their transformation. Nanako breathed and squeezed her trigger
four times, striking each shadow once as they drew closer. Fox followed every bullet strike
with a katana slash aimed at the same wound, and Skull rushed in behind to give a final bash
to each, finishing them off.

"God damnit!" Skull yelled as his knee suddenly buckled and he fell over.

Nanako reached out and squeezed the green glowing card between her fingers.

"Orpheus - Cadenza!"

Energy flowed out of her and healed Fox and Skull. Nanako breathed a sigh of relief,
thankful for Kotone's gift. Sure, there were other personae in the compendium that could
heal, but there was something oddly efficient about Orpheus. She could heal more with a lot
less strain from Nanako.

"Are we sure we can keep this up?" Panther asked. "I have the first safe room secured and I
have the healing items, but..."



Nanako glanced at her watch.

"We just need to hold on a bit longer," Nanako said into the comms. "Then I think the
resistance is going to drop significantly."

"Why?" Queen asked.

"I set a little trap for Kaneshiro back in the real world. If he falls for it, then I think it's going
to have a massive impact on his palace," Nanako said.

"What? Did you go through with your plan anyway without telling us?"

"I didn't want to compromise the security of the mission," Nanako said, her voice filled with
a mild bitterness, like a high-quality rice wine vinegar.

"This isn't a joke-"

"Enough," Joker cut in. "How much longer?"

"An hour, maybe less," Nanako said.

"You heard her, Phantom Thieves. We keep at it for another hour and wait for Nanako's plan
to pave the way forward. Until then, we get as far as we can using Queen's methods."

"This is really risky counting on a plan we don't know will work," Queen countered.

"I'm not counting on a plan," Joker said. "I'm counting on Angel. And I know we can put our
faith in her."

Nanako felt her heart smile.

"Everyone converge on Panther's location for a quick breather," Joke ordered.

The Phantom Thieves yelled their affirmatives.



Chapter 359: 7/7 - Evening
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Chie answered her phone on the first ring.

"Hello?"

"Do you know what's going on?" Akihiko asked. Chie was walking briskly through the police
headquarters and kept up her pace even as she talked.

"Nothing yet, I'm on my way to the task force meeting right now," Chie said. "But...I mean if
it works..."

"I know," Akihiko said. "I'm trying not to get my hopes up."

"Too late for me," Chie said. "I'm finding myself rooting for the Phantom Thieves. At least
this one time."

"Assuming they don't kill him."

"Yes, that too," Chie said. "But I don't think that'll-"

"Officer Satonaka, the briefing is now," a voice cut in. Chie was startled, so much so she
nearly let her phone slip out of her hands. The voice belonged to Sae Niijima, who was out-
striding Chie, passing her from behind and storming ahead towards the briefing room.

"Y-yes, sorry. I gotta go."

"Let me know if you hear anything," Akihiko said.

"Yeah, same for you."

Chie frantically hung up a she entered the briefing room.

"Let's begin," Naoto said. "Officer Satonaka, if you wouldn't mind?"

Naoto gestured to the door. Chie closed it, then slipped into the closest chair around the
conference table. Gathered were all the usual members of the taskforce - Sae Niijima, Naoto,
Akechi. There was also someone else, a young man in a neat suit wearing glasses. His police
identification badge hung from his lapel, though Chie couldn't read it from where she sat. He
had neatly cut short black hair and was sitting with a wireless keyboard and mouse in front of
him. Probably one of the tech officers.

"Joining with us in tonight's meeting is Senior Officer Minato Mishima," Naoto said,
inclining her head towards the other young man. "Officer Mishima is on loan from the
electronics and computer division."



"So are we expanding the task force?" Akechi asked.

"In a sense. Officer Mishima is taking a supporting role for us. Obviously, he can't support us
without being privy to some of the classified information of this case, but he will not
necessarily know everything," Naoto said. "These were the conditions set out by the police
department."

"And the prosecutor's department would like to remind Mr. Mishima, and all of you, that
violating the confidentiality of this task force will result in severe and immediate
prosecution," Sae added.

"I understand," Mishima said.

"Good. Now, I assume that Officer Mishima is here to tell us once and for all who the
Phantom Thieves are?" Sae said.

"Wait, what?" Chie asked. "Did I miss something?"

"The way that the Phantom Thieves did their calling card this time was sloppy. Their target,
Junya Kaneshiro, is a yakuza crime boss, but he's notoriously difficult to locate. In order to
get his attention, they went around all of Shibuya posting cards, all in the span of a single
night. There's no way CCTV didn't catch at least a passing look of their faces. So I assume
that is what Officer Mishima has been brought here to do."

Mishima looked impressed as he reached for his mouse.

"Yes, you are correct, Ms. Shirogane did ask me to do just that, cross-reference all of the
CCTV footage. Unfortunately, the results were not as concise as we were hoping for."

With a few clicks of his mouse, the screen in the conference room came to life. There was a
grid of 20 different small captured pieces of footage with varying degrees of clarity and color,
depending on their camera source. Chie recognized that many of the shots were from police-
owned traffic cameras on the street, but they must have also gotten some video from privately
owned cameras as well.

"Here's a sample of the people that deployed the calling cards last night."

"There's 20 of them?" Sae asked, surprised.

"More. These 20 are just the best representation. These 20 also have a minimum of two
people in them participating, with up to groups as large as 10."

"There's that many Phantom Thieves?" Akechi asked, sounding surprised.

"No. It's not as simple as that."

Mishima rolled the footage and in each scene, young people rushed around taping and
stapling the calling cards to surfaces before rushing out of frame.



"I started with scenes like these and worked backwards, trying to trace their movements and
create a map. That lead me to a dozen different print shops in Shibuya and nearby
prefectures, where these people went in and collected the printed calling cards. I contacted
these shops and they said that the orders were placed online from various people in various
batches. One shop had twelve different orders from different people, all of them for the same
Phantom Thief calling card."

"I don't understand," Sae said. "Are they trying to cover their tracks? If so, this is awfully
sloppy work."

"Quite the contrary," Mishima said. "I don't believe any of these people are the Phantom
Thieves. Or if they are, we will have no way of knowing which of them are and which of
them are not."

Mishima tapped at his keyboard. The footage disappeared, replaced by a website.

"This is the Phan-Site, a community-run Phantom Thief forum. Their popularity has
increased significantly since the Madarame case, and it seems yesterday there was a post
from an administrator stating they had gotten information from the Phantom Thieves asking
for the community's help."

He clicked on a post. A large image of the calling card appeared.

"They provided the file here and asked as many people as were willing to order copies and
place them all over Shibuya."

There was laughter and slow, solitary clapping.

"How very clever," Akechi said, smiling from ear to ear. "Their ability to use the public to
obfuscate their intentions is quite skilled. First the protest at Madarame's event, and now this
flash-mob style of calling card distribution."

Sae was seething, staring at the table.

"We can identify some of the people in the footage though, can't we? We can bring them in
one by one and question them."

"I suppose you could," Mishima said. "But I'm just a computer guy. You'd have to ask the
chief for that kind of support."

"Satonaka?" Sae asked, looking at her.

"Huh? Me? I'm just an officer, I don't think he'd take my request. Probably makes the most
sense for a request like that ot come from the prosecutor's office."

She sighed. "Of course it does. Fine. I'll get to work on that, given that it seems to be the only
lead we have. Unless you can figure out who posted the card on the forum?"

"We're working on it, but they used a VPN. I don't think we'll be able to find them," Mishima
said.



"Fine. Satonaka, I still want you to go through all of the video at some point and log anything
that might be useful."

"Right," Chie said, already dreading the task. There was probably hours of it.

"Is there any way we can track Kaneshiro's reaction?" Naoto asked.

"I...don't know. There might be another task force assembled for him," Sae said. "We can
check. Maybe if we know where he is, we can watch for the Phantom Thieves to make their
move."

"Call me if we can get that information," Naoto said. "Until then, I don't think there's
anything left for us to do here. Please everyone, be ready."

Sae got up first and stormed out, frustrated, angry, and ready to take it out on her work.
Akechi got up soon after, lazily strolling out of the room. Naoto had caught Chie's eye, and
she knew she wnated her to hang back a minute. Mishima packed up his keyboard and
mouse, but paused before leaving.

"Officer Satonaka, Ms. Shirogane, I heard that you two worked on the Kamoshida case, is
that correct?"

"Yes," Chie replied.

"I just wanted to thank you for that," Mishima said. "My younger brother goes to Shujin, and
I knew he was being abused by that coach. It was frustrating that there was nothing I could
do to prove it. He's much happier now."

Chie smiled. "I'm glad to hear it."

Mishima gave a nod and exited the room. Chie looked over at Naoto, who was staring into
the middle distance.

"So...what's the move?"

"I'm not sure I have one," Naoto said. "But I am curious as to why you've been avoiding me."

"I haven't been avoiding you," Chie said.

"You have."

Chie sighed.

"I'm...in a bit of trouble. But I didn't want you to try and involve yourself."

"I see. So you don't trust me."

"What? No, that's not it, I just...I..."

Naoto crossed her arms.



"You're going to tell me what's going on. Now."

Chie sighed.

"Let me start at the beginning."

Chapter End Notes

I always hated how this calling card played out. How did Ryuji and Makoto run around
all of Shibuya and not get seen at least once by someone? We all know Makoto is not
the most stealthy person...



Chapter 360: 7/7 - Evening

The car rolled to a stop.

"Give me a gun," Kaneshiro said to his driver. The driver spun around, peering at Kaneshiro
through some ridiculous blue sunglasses, not even trying to hide the shock on his face.

"You sure, boss? I can just go with you."

Kaneshiro didn't fault his man for being so surprised. He didn't usually carry his own heat.
He didn't have much of a stomach for violence, and had only done his own dirty work a
couple of times when it was important to prove a point. He also figured that it was more
dangerous for himself to carry around a gun when he didn't spend a lot of time practicing
with it.

"I'm sure. Stay in the car and stay nearby."

The driver nodded and reached into the glovebox and handed Kaneshiro an automatic pistol,
which he tucked into his coat pocket.

"Masa is nearby too," the driver said. "On the corner, if shit goes down, you know?"

"Right. Good work. This shouldn't take long."

Kaneshiro stepped out of the car and onto the sidewalk.

He struggled to take a deep breath.

Things were out of control, this wasn't the first time. He'd clean this mess up, just like he'd
cleaned the others, and it all came down to the same mistake his enemies always made. Pride.
Bravado. Even the infamous Phantom Thieves were too vain to see their own weakness in
this plan.

Come alone at a pre-arranged time? As if Kaneshiro would ever comply with that order. He
should've just done what he usually did, and sent his men to handle it.

But he was curious.

Nobody knew the methods of the Phantom Thieves, but it was most likely blackmail. There
was nothing that anyone could have on him, though, so what was it that the Phantom Thieves
thought would make him change?

Despite all these reassurances he told himself, though, one part of the request made him
nervous.

The address.

Why were they meeting in front of a day care?



He glanced at his watch. It was the right time. He looked up again, but there was no one
waiting on the street, no one lurking in the corners, other than Masa who was doing a terrible
job of blending in.

The door to the day care opened. A woman and a little girl stepped out, hand-in-hand.

"Hanabi..." Kaneshiro said.

Hanabi stopped dead in her tracks, recoiling at the sight of him, startled. He didn't blame her,
he felt the same way.

"Junya..."

Hanabi.

She didn't look that different. Kaneshiro had gotten older, fatter, worn away from the stress of
maintaining his empire. She looked a little more tired, he supposed. She looked like she
worked in an office.

But she was beautiful.

Not stunning. She had never been stunning. She was never good at figuring out how to
accentuate her best qualities. Even now, her glasses were ten years out of style and she had
bangs which didn't suit her at all. Some of her hair was gray, due for a dye. And her blouse
was probably something cheap, something that she had bought ten of while it was on sale,
something she wouldn't have to think about when she was rushing around in the morning to
get herself ready.

Looking at her was like coming home.

Kaneshiro hadn't felt like he had gone home in a long, long time.

"Mama...who is that?" the little girl asked.

Kaneshiro looked at the girl. It was jarring. Her mouth and eyes were the same as Hanabi's.
The nose belonged to someone else, though.

Some other man.

"Junya, what are you doing here?"

"You told me to come here," Kaneshiro said quickly, reaching into his coat pockets. His left
hand closed around one of the notes from the Phantom Thieves.

The right one touched the cold steel of the gun.

That jarred him. A gun. Hanabi. A little girl.

Was this part of the plan?



Was there some assassin waiting around the corner to gun him down?

"What?" Hanabi asked, confused. Hastily, Junya took out the scrap of paper and handed it to
her. She looked it over and frowned.

"This...this isn't my handwriting."

"Oh. Then...why?"

"I don't know?" she looked exasperated. "Is this one of your strange plans, Junya?"

"What? No, I didn't know you would be here - I didn't even know you had a kid."

They stared at each other, both struggling to find the next words. Junya had so much he
wanted to ask her about. What was she doing? Who had she married? Did she ever think of
him?

It seemed like Hanabi was struggling with the same thing - not sure what to say because too
many things wanted to come out of her mouth at the same time. A traffic jam of questions.

"I saw the news," she finally said, her voice reverting to the quiet schoolgirl from their
childhood days. "Is it true?"

"Is what-" Junya started, reverting back to their old ways - gaslighting Hanabi by questioning
her questions, redirecting her concerns, annoying her to the point where she would stop
poking for the truth.

But there was no point in that anymore.

He'd already lost her.

"Yes," he said.

"I see," she said. Hanabi held a little tighter to her daughter's hand. Was that intentional, or
just the subconscious need of a mother to protect her child?

What was the girl's name, he wondered.

"Mama...I'm hungry."

Hanabi turned and smiled down at her daughter.

"Well, we're going to meet papa nearby for a hot pot, how does that sound?"

The girl lit up. "Yay! Hot pot!"

Was that the girl's favorite food, Junya wondered.

Hanabi looked at him.

"I have to go."



"Right. Sure. Sorry."

He stepped aside to let her through. She took a few steps, but suddenly stopped.

"Junya....are you happy?"

He looked at her. She and the girl were facing away from him. He studied her hair, her back,
her legs. He looked at the little girl's backpack, made to look like a frog. Was that her favorite
character? Or was that just what was convenient to buy when it was time to buy a backpack?

He should know these things.

He should know everything about that little girl.

She should have his nose.

"No," he answered.

"Then...I hope you do something to change that."

His hand closed around the grip of the gun.

Mother and daughter turned and went down the street, heading towards the subway stairway.

Kaneshiro stood in front of a daycare with a gun in his pocket.

He couldn't breathe.



Chapter 361: 7/7 - Bank of Gluttony

"Cadenza!"

Orpheus strummed her harp. The entirety of the Phantom Thieves were rejuvenated as they
stared out through the transparent elevator shaft, waiting for the vault below. It looked as if
the vault maze was still configured correctly, leaving a straight shot path to Kaneshiro's
treasure.

The problem would be the massive pile of shadows that had gathered.

"We're going to have to go in hard and loud," Joker said. "Queen takes point, Skull right
behind her. Then me, Fox and Mona. Angel, Panther, you watch the rear and make sure we
don't get flanked."

Can tabs were popped as canned coffee was chugged. Plastic was torn open and snack foods
inhaled in two bites. They had done an impressive job clearing through the bank as quickly as
they had with no major injuries. It was the best the Phantom Thieves had ever fought,
Nanako mused.

The Thieves shuffled into the order Joker created. Nanako had one hand on the Compendium
while the other gripped her pistol. Her heart was pounding in her ears.

One last push.

She checked her watch.

The appointed time was three minutes ago. If something was going to happen, it'd be
happening soon.

The elevator door opened. Queen let out a battle cry, as did Skull. Skull rushed slightly to the
right and bashed a shadow in the head with his pipe. It immediately melted.

Queen skid to a stop.

"What is this...?"

The rest of the Phantom Thieves stepped out. The assembled crowd of shadows was still
there.

But they were crying.

No, not crying. Weeping.

Some were simply bent over, staring at the floor, despondent.

Mona took a few steps forward to stand next to Queen at the vanguard. He sniffed the air
several times.



"It's...despair. These shadows are in complete despair," he said.

One let out a wail, then burst into oily ichor, dissolving into the material of the Metaverse.
Then another. And another.

They were dying, one by one.

Queen turned around and looked Nanako dead in the eyes.

"What did you do to him?"

Nanako didn't answer right away. She chewed on her lower lip while trying to hear what the
shadows were wailing about. But there were too many of them, and their grief made their
words incomprehensible.

"I found Hanabi," Nanako said. "Ann helped me, and...well..."

It seemed they were safe, given that their enemies were self-destructing around them, but
Nanako didn't trust the situation fully. So she quickly outlined the plan - showing Kaneshiro
the life he could have had.

"I knew it would have an effect on the palace I just...didn't think it'd be this powerful."

"Way to go, Angel!" Skull said, rushing over to pat her on the back, slapping her a little too
hard and rattling her balance. "This is the best possible thing you could've done!"

"Yes, with the path clear, all that is left is to retrieve the treasure," Fox added.

"Nice work, Angel," Joker said. "But let's move. We don't know how long this is going to
last."

The Phantom Thieves grunted their affirmatives and rushed ahead. It eerie how quiet and
clean the vault maze was. The only sound was their running steps and their breathing.
Everything seemed muted, now. Even the gleaming shine of the stainless steel seemed a
dimmer.

The descended the last stairway, the last vault inside a vault inside a vault, the place where
the amorphous glob of energy that had been the treasure was stored. At the front, Joker and
Fox drew their weapons at the sight of two powerful shadows - one appearing to be a hitman,
the other a bodyguard.

Both looked like...flies?

But dagger and katana both lowered. Those two shadows, as strong as they were, still wept.
They slumped over onto the ground and disappeared.

There was only one person left in the room.

Kaneshiro's shadow.



But he wasn't the slick and suave bank president with the smarmy mustache.

He too, was a fly.

He sat on the ground, legs extended and spread open, with a golden briefcase between them.
He cried.

He looked like a child who had just had his sandcastle smashed.

"I lost her...I lost everything..." Kaneshiro sniffled. He didn't seem to be talking to the
Phantom Thieves. He didn't seem to even notice them.

"I could've had so much more...my stupid pride...my stupid boredom...my stupid
insecurities..."

Queen stepped forward, her hand extending to reach down and pluck the briefcase up from
between his legs.

"Get down!"

Skull suddenly dove forward, tackling Queen at full-speed. Nanako barely had time to call
Siegfried from the Compendium. A gattling gun roared from the shadows, hurtling bullets the
size of her legs through the air. But Siegfried, empowered by her strong connection to Sano,
simply dug in his heels and endured the attacks with almost no backlash to Nanako's mind.

The rest of the Phantom Thieves either dove for cover or called up their Personae to protect
them. Before Joker could call out for action, there was an incredible rumbling sound, the
sound of rolling metal on metal. Out of the shadows, a huge metal mass rolled forward.
Nanako barely had time to register that it was a metal piggybank, with a nose shaped like a
vault door. The door was swung open, and the piggybank rolled face-first onto Kaneshiro's
shadow, collecting him and his treasure into the open door. The pig rolled backwards and the
door shut.

"What the hell is that?" Skull said as he hastily got off of Queen.

"It's another B.O.A.R.," Fox called out as he brought his assault rifle to bear.

"No, unfortunately it is not," a digitized voice called out from speakers built within the giant
metal monstrosity.

"Wait...that's Compyshiro," Nanako said.

"Indeed," the robot replied. "Or at least, part of the entity that you destroyed before. When
my mainframe was destroyed, an emergency transmission was sent out to copy all of my
code into a backup memory core. Unfortunately, your methods were...rapid and thorough.
Only a portion of me survived, which meant that much of the battle data I collected on you
was corrupted. Though I don't think that would've mattered now anyway."

"What do you mean?" Joker demanded.



"I vastly underestimated you, as did President Shadow Kaneshiro. Even Kaneshiro himself.
As a security system, my job was to develop countermeasures upon Palace Incursions, in case
that shadowy criminal decided to invade. The B.O.A.R. was the culmination of that work and
clearly proved effective...I'm still not sure how that one survived after the B.O.A.R.'s sensor
clearly indicated you had died."

Nanako felt a chill run down her spine, but she just kept staring up at the thing through big
bro's glasses, holding her facade.

"You mean the person creating the mental shutdowns," Joker said. "Kaneshiro knows about
that?"

"To an extent. A much more limited extent than he and I would like. Regardless, though, I
did not anticipate just how effective and ruthless you could be...to have the ability to
completely put Kaneshiro in despair? Calculations indicate only a 1.2% chance of that
happening. And so I must use this...this....Piggytron."

"Is that seriously what it's called?" Skull asked.

"Unfortunately, yes."

"Johanna!" Queen called, revving her Persona with its ethereal growl. "If we beat your
B.O.A.R., we can beat your Piggytron!"

"Indeed, your assessment is correct. Piggytron's offensive capabilities are paltry in
comparison to the B.O.A.R. In fact, they're so weak, it's not even worth attempting to destroy
you with them. However, Piggytron was never designed to be combative. It was a prototype
in the development of the B.O.A.R.'s defensive systems. Calculations indicate that you do not
have the power to break through Piggytron's armor."

"We'll see about that, asshole!"

Johanna roared and leapt into the air, driving across the surface of the pig's metal body.
Explosions, both nuclear and physical, rippled in Queen's wake. Nanako could feel the
shockwaves. Queen landed back on the ground and spun back around to see what damage
had been done.

Nothing. Not even scuff marks on the metal body.

"Feel free to continue to attack if you like," Compyshiro said. "But as powerful as you are, I
believe I have detected a weakness in your attack pattern."

"There's no weakness here!" Queen shouted. "We'll bash at this thing all day if we have to!"

"And that is precisely the problem. You only have one day, don't you?"

The Phantom Thieves froze.

"The presence of this treasure was triggered by the calling card...and the coldhearted
maneuver of putting him into Despair was to help with retrieving that. However, you have



not broken Kaneshiro, merely put him off-balance. He has spent years repressing his feelings
for Hanabi and the regret of his life. Once he has 24 hours to process it, he will harden his
heart harder than ever before. He will no longer fear you, or anyone, and your ability to steal
his treasure will be gone for good. So I do not need to defeat you. Simply outlast you."

Piggytron did a small bow.

"I should thank you, really. Without putting him into Despair, I do not think I would've been
compelled to run this analysis. Your ruthlessness was my gain. Goodbye, Phantom Thieves."

Compyshiro didn't say anything. From deep inside the belly of Piggytron, Nanako could hear
Shadow Kaneshiro crying.

"No!" Queen yelled, revving up her Persona again. This time, Skull, Fox, Mona, and Joker
joined in, hurling attack after attack, including coordinated elemental strikes and targeted
focused physical attacks. They struck at every point they thought was a weakness, again and
again.

Nanako just watched.

After a few minutes, Joker called for them to stop.

Queen didn't.

Frei, frei, frei, frei, over and over again she tried, until she was sweating and out of breath on
the back of her bike.

"Queen!" Skull yelled, grabbing her by the shoulders. "Queen! Stop! It's not working!"

"...damnit!" she screamed. Johanna vanished, turning back into the iron mask. Nanako
thought for a moment she might slump to the ground or embrace Skull out of comfort.

Instead, she pushed him aside and started straight for Nanako.

"This is your fault!"



Chapter 362: 7/7 - Bank of Gluttony

"My fault!?"

"You went against the plan! You went against the team! We agreed on a plan, you went
against it, and now our chance is ruined!" Queen snarled, continuing to walk over towards
Nanako. Nanako felt fear rising in her, and took deliberate concentration for her to not reach
for her gun.

"We agreed on a plan because you convinced everyone that my plan wasn't doable, when it
obviously was," Nanako countered. "And I just did the best I thought I could do!"

"Well that didn't turn out so great, did it?" Queen came to a step about five feet away from
Nanako, her fists shaking as they gripped on her weapons.

"I don't know where you get off being so angry about this. The only thing damaged here is
your pride. My friend is going to lose everything because she saved you!" Nanako shot back.
"Which she had to do in the first place because of your pride!"

Queen shook with rage.

"You stupid-"

Both Nanako and Queen leapt backward out of instinct as a column of fire shot between the
two of them. Nanako waited, assuming that the blast of fire was to get them to stop
arguing...but it didn't stop. Instead, the fire continued burning forward in a steady dream,
flowing out of Carmen's outstretched hand and into Piggytron's face.

Ann and Carmen stepped forward slowly, fire cascading.

"Makoto, I know how you feel," Ann said. "When I first met Carmen, I was so angry. The
fire wasn't generated from the Metaverse, it was generated from my pure rage. And
unleashing all that anger onto my enemies felt really good. I felt powerful. And I'm grateful
for it. Without it, I don't think I could have ever summoned Carmen or taken down
Kamoshida."

Ann stopped even as Carmen kept moving closer to Piggytron, still shooting flames.

"Rage was what started me down this path. But it couldn't sustain me. Rage wasn't enough
for me to find the courage to be with the girl I love. It wasn't enough to energize me as a
Phantom Thief, to continue fighting this fight and running this marathon. Because I'm not
stopping anytime soon. And If I'm going to keep using this power to help others, I can't rely
on my rage. This fire has other sources now. Love. Friendship. Justice."

Ann turned to Nanako.

"And it was Nanako that helped me figure all of that out."



"Ann..." Nanako whispered.

Ann reached out her hand.

"We haven't lost yet."

Nanako took a deep breath and straightened her shoulders and reached for Ann's hand.

Time seemed to slow as she did. Her concentration shifted and Nanako felt like she was
floating out of her body, similar to how she felt when she was pulled down to see Margaret.

Margaret...she could see Margaret now. Not with her eyes, those were still fixed on Ann, but
in her mind, Nanako could clearly picture Margaret, sitting in her cell.

"I am thou, thou art I," Margaret said, her voice echoing in Nanako's mind. "Thou hast
turned a vow into a blood oath. Thy bond shall become the wings of rebellion and break the

yoke of thy heart."

Margaret faded in Nanako's mind, and now she could clearly picture the Star Arcana page
from the Compendium. The colors lit up, the edges crackled with blue light. Margaret's voice

continued.

"Thou hast awakened to the ultimate secret of the Star, granting thee infinite power."

SOCIAL LINK RANK UP

The Star: Ann Takamaki


Maximum Level

 

Nanako took Ann's hand.

"It's showtime!" Nanako said.

The Metaverse shifted.

Ann stood much as she had before, Carmen standing in front of her with fire coming out of
her hands. Ann then outstretched her right hand, which suddenly lit up with a bright white
flame.

"These hands of ours are bear-ning bright!"

Nanako stepped beside Ann, raising her left hand in the same way, mirroring her position.
Instead of a white flame, however, hers was blue, as she called up the strongest Star Arcana
card in her Compendium.

"The flames of rebellion demand that we defeat you!"

Both Ann and Nanako closed their hands around their flames.



Carmen stopped her fire attack and suddenly swirled in a mesmerizing, beautiful flamenco
flourish. As she did, her dress changed color, from primarily red to white with red flame
patterns along the edges. The fire aura around her superheated into the same white flame that
was in Ann's hand.

Nanako summoned Saturnus, a flame-haired man whose limbs were replaced by fire.

Flashes of memory came crashing back into Nanako's mind.

Saturnus was there that day. Big bro summoned him to save her against the red-faced demon.

This was a Persona built off of Big Bro's bond with Teddie. The fire from Saturnus had
burned from Teddie's love for Nanako, and for big bro's desperation to save her. She could
feel that passion in her own heart as Saturnus.

But she felt her own passion as well.

Passion for her best friend.

Passion for Chie.

Passion for their work as Phantom Thieves - the preservation of justice in the world.

Ann and Nanako both spun around and grasped each other's hands, standing close, as if they
were about to dance.

"Take this!" Nanako said.

"Our love!" Ann said.

"Our friendship!"

"And all of our passion!"

Ann twirled Nanako around once, and then the two of them shoved their hands forward.

"Seki-ha, Love and Friendship, Tenkyouken!"

Ahead of them, Carmen and Saturnus mirrored their moves, Saturnus dancing with arms
made of fire.

Their two flames mixed together, forming a sphere as bright and hot as the sun.

And then that sun shot forward.

The moment the sun impacted the front of Piggytron, the Showtime ended, the Metaverse
shifting back to normal. But everything else still held - Ann and Nanako, White-hot Carmen
and Saturnus, and their incredible super-heated attack. Both of them pushed all of their
concentration into the attack. This wasn't just a super-release of energy - this had to be a
steady, enduring heat.



"No...no...this is impossibl-" Compyshiro began, halting abruptly as his voice suddenly
scrambled into digital noise.

"It's working!" Fox cried out.

"Incredible..." Mona said.

"Get ready to grab it!" Joker ordered, crouching low.

The sphere burst in a blinding flash. Nanako gasped and fell over, as did Ann. Both of them
lacked the concentration to keep their Personae out any longer, and reverted back to mask and
card. Nanako looked up.

Half of Piggytron was gone.

Simply gone.

The other half was still melting, with the edges bright orange and dripping onto the floor.
Inside, Fly Kaneshiro was scrambling into the furthest end, trying to stay away from the heat,
clutching onto his golden briefcase.

In only took three seconds for Joker to swoop in on on his grappling hook, grab Kaneshiro
and the briefcase, and swoop back out again, dropping him in the center of a ring of Phantom
Thieves.

Fly Kaneshiro sat, his body jerking. Nanako couldn't tell if it was from fear or from despair. It
was probably both. He couldn't seem to control his breathing.

"So this is how it ends," Kaneshiro sniveled. "Go ahead and kill me. I deserve it."

"No," Queen said. "No. That's too good for you."

"Have you not learned anything?" Fox asked. "Even here now, in defeat, you are selfish."

"You did a lot of shit to a lot of people," Skull added. "You can't take the easy way out."

"If I keep going..." Fly Kaneshiro shook his head rapidly, rubbing his face over and over in
that frantic-paced motion that only a fly can do. "I could've ended up recruiting Hanabi's
daughter...I could have ruined her life..."

"What about the lives you've already ruined!?" Queen demanded. "Every minor that you
exploited was the son and daughter of someone out there! Someone who loved their child just
as much as Hanabi loves hers!"

"And just as much as you love Hanabi," Nanako added softly.

"Yes...yes, you're right..." Kaneshiro said. "Everything I've done has hurt so many people...I
have to make it right. I have to turn myself in and face justice for what I've done."

"Go back to the real Kaneshiro," Joker said.



"Yes...I will."

Fly Kaneshiro turned and started to trudge away. But then he stopped.

"Phantom Thieves...be careful."

Joker glared at him.

"You aren't alone in the Metaverse."

The Bank of Gluttony rumbled and red lights started to strobe while a klaxon sounded.

"BANK INTEGRITY COMPROMISED. INITIATING TOTAL LOCKDOWN."

"Time to go," Joker ordered as he scooped up the briefcase.



Chapter 363: 7/7 - Evening

Kaneshiro opened the door of the car and sat down in the backseat.

"Here," he said, handing the gun back to his driver.

"Everything okay, boss?" the driver asked, taking the gun back.

"Get out."

"...huh?"

"Get out of the car," Kaneshiro repeated.

"And then...what?"

"I don't care. Leave. Go home."

"Should I leave the keys here or-"

"Get. Out."

The driver raised his hand in surrender and stepped out of the car. Kaneshiro watched as he
walked onto the sidewalk and met with Masa. They glanced at Kaneshiro, exchanged a few
words, then shrugged, both deciding to quickly walk down the street.

Kaneshiro leaned forward to turn off the ignition.

He sat in the car.

Alone.

"Junya...are you happy?"

"No."

"Then I hope you do something to change that."

Was there a path to being happy, someday?

He didn't think so. Not for himself.

But...maybe for others.

He pulled out his phone and dialed. It rang twice.

"Hello?"

"I'm done, Sanada," Kaneshiro said.



"What do you mean? What have you done?" Sanada demanded. Kaneshiro allowed himself
the smallest of smirks. He was such a boy scout he was almost a caricature.

"That's not what I meant, Sanada. I'm done. You win. I'm in front of Kawaii Kame Daycare.
I'm in a car parked in the red zone. I'm alone. I'm not armed. Come get me."

"If this is a trap-"

"Bring all the back up you want. I won't resist. I'm confessing to everything."

There was a pause. He could hear Sanada barking orders to people in the background.

"...can I ask why?"

"Love," Kaneshiro said.

He ended the call and dropped his phone onto the seat beside him.

He shut his eyes and leaned back, breathing. He listened to the bustle of Tokyo just outside
the car. He then spoke, ever so softly, as if whispering a prayer.

"Keep being happy, Hanabi."



Chapter 364: 7/7 - Night
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

"Nooooooooooo!"

Ryuji dropped his head onto the table, squeezing wads of useless play money in his hand.

"There, there," Yusuke said, patting his back.

"So much money..." he groaned. "None of it real..."

The Phantom Thieves had retreated back to Leblanc, golden briefcase in tow, after they had
reappeared unceremoniously at the Shibuya crossing. Ren had unlocked it with a slick couple
of motions with his tools and for a brief moment, they were all millionaires.

"Come on Ryuji, didn't you learn anything from Kaneshiro? The love of money is the root of
all evil," Morgana said.

"You ain't ever been broke, cat!"

"I'm not a cat!"

"Oh well," Ann said with a sigh. "At least we can rest assured that justice has been served.
And it's been a job well done."

"I can't believe you guys..." Niijima said, shaking her head. "You, the famous Phantom
Thieves, doing all this for the satisfaction of a job well done."

"Well it's not like the money is real!" Ryuji wiped away fake tears with his crumpled bills.
Ann grabbed some from the pile, crushed it into a ball, and threw it at his head.

"You've made your point, stop whining already."

"Hey! That kinda hurt!"

Ryuji balled up one of his own and chucked it. Ann tried to dodge out of the way, but it hit
her left twintail.

The two immediately devolved into grabbing as much fake money as possible and throwing it
at the other.

"Hm, well if nothing else, the quality of this briefcase is sound, and I believe it's a designer
brand. We could sell it," Yusuke said.

"Yeah! And then, we feast!" Morgana declared.



"That's actually not a bad idea," Ann jumped in. "What do you think, Nanako?"

"We always eat well after a job," Nanako pointed out. "This time should be no different."

"Sushi! We gotta do sushi!" Ryuji declared.

"Well. Um," Niijima said, standing suddenly. "I...I want to thank you all for helping me get
out of that situation. I would've bene in a lot of trouble if not for you. And thank you for
allowing me to help. I learned a lot about myself and-"

"Hold on," Ren said, cutting her off. He looked around at the assembled thieves. "All of those
in favor of accepting Makoto Niijima as a permanent member of the Phantom Thieves -
should she want to join - say aye. Remember, we only move if it is unanimous."

"Aye," Ryuji said automatically. "To be honest, I forgot she wasn't already."

"Yeah, same," Ann said. "I vote yes."

She gave Nanako a very insistent look.

"I vote yes," Nanako added.

"As do I," said Yusuke.

"She'd be an incredible asset," Morgana said. "Aye."

"There you go, Queen," Ren said. "There's a spot, if you want it."

Niijima bit her lip and gripped at the hem of her skirt.

"I wasn't sure, I mean, you've all been welcoming, and I haven't been the easiest person to
work with...I basically forced my way onto the team in the first place and I...well..."

"Stop overthinking it and just say what's in your heart," Ryuji said. Nanako thought that was
an adorable thing for him to say, considering Ryuji basically didn't know any other way to
communicate.

"I want to stay. I want to do more. I want to get better. As a Phantom Thief and, hopefully, as
a friend."

"Settled, then," Ren said, leaning back in his chair.

"Oh, crap, it's getting late," Ryuji said suddenly. "We're gonna miss the trains if we don't head
out."

"We'll be in touch to figure out our celebration dinner!" Ann said.

One by one, the thieves picked up their stuff and rushed out of LeBlanc, saying their
goodnights. All except Morgana, who had promptly fallen asleep on the bed.

And Nanako.



"You've been quiet," Nanako pointed out.

"So have you," Ren said.

"True. But I'm not the leader."

He shrugged.

"What's wrong?" Nanako asked.

"This one was...close," he said. "Kaneshiro's entire palace was difficult. We had to really up
our game to get through it. And I'm proud of us. But I'm also worried. We need to keep
getting stronger if we're going to take big targets like Kaneshiro again."

"Yeah. I see your point," Nanako said. "But it all worked out, right?"

He shrugged again.

"Is this about...me?"

"Partly," he said. "I thought you had worked out your issues with Makoto."

Nanako sighed and stared at her hands, which were folded in her lap.

"I thought I had, too. It wasn't like I did that thing with Kaneshiro just to prove her wrong, I
just...thought it was the right thing to do."

"But when she criticized you, you jumped on her."

"Yeah. I did. I'll work it out with her," she said, looking up at him. "For real, this time. A real
meeting with her, where we'll talk it out, top to bottom. I'm not going to let pettiness get in
the way of what we're doing."

He nodded.

"I'm sorry," she said.

He nodded again.

"Well...I guess I better get going too. I don't want to miss the train."

Slowly, she stood up. Ren didn't. She turned away, heading towards the stairs that would take
her out of the loft.

"Was he telling the truth?"

Nanako stopped and turned back around.

"Who?"



"Compyshiro," he said. "He said that one of us died. He could only mean you. Was he telling
the truth?"

Nanako swallowed. She didn't know how to answer that. Had she been dead when Kotone
brought her back, or only partially dead? How could she explain any of that? When she tried
to find words to start explaining it, they turned to mush in her brain - much in the same way
that she could never seem to explain Margaret to anyone. She wasn't supposed to talk about
Kotone, so she couldn't.

"I...maybe," was all she could come up with.

She jumped, startled. Ren leapt out of his chair with incredible speed and force - so fast that
his glasses fell off his face and landed on the ground. He held her tight in his arms.

"I could've lost you."

"H-hey, it's okay. You didn't," Nanako said, trying to sound reassuring while her heart was
pounding in her ears. He was holding her so close that she could feel the contours of his body
against her own. "And the team would've -"

"I'm not talking about the team right now. I could've lost you. And if that happened, I..."

He leaned back just enough to stare into her with his gorgeous eyes.

"I love you, Nanako."

There it was. She'd daydreamed about this moment a thousand times, and now that it was
here, she didn't know what to do. Everything was frozen, including her body.

"I love you, Ren," she finally managed to breathe out.

He leaned down and kissed her. It was different than that first kiss out in Inaba, that one
hastily concocted as disguise. This one was desperate. Possessive. The explosive release of a
passion that had been building for a long, long time.

It was better than all of her daydreams combined.

Nanako melted.

--

SOCIAL LINK RANK UP 
Lovers: Ren Amamiya 
Level 6

Chapter End Notes



They're finally together! <3

Huh, only at Level 6, though.

Oh well.

I'm sure it'll be fine.



Chapter 365: END OF PART 4
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

SUPPLEMENTAL RESEARCH JOURNAL 0177

DR. WAKABA ISHIKI

CLASSIFIED CLEARANCE REQUIRED

ENTRY: August 19, 2019

I have made so many mistakes.

All I can hope for now is to fix them.

I'm being dramatic. I can't help it, I think all of the time I've spent with Subject B has gotten
to me.

No, I don't want to refer to him like that anymore. He's not just Subject B.

He's Teddie.

And he's done so much for me.

This entry has gotten away from me. I may be a changed woman, but I am still a scientist,
and I know how to write a logical report. I need to start at the beginning.

It started when I finally convinced the superiors to allow Teddie to take me into the
Metaverse to test some of the new technology firsthand. There were a number of back-and-
forths with the top brass, particularly that bald asshole, but I was allowed to do so if I kept
Teddie on a leash.

Literally.

Frighteningly, he didn't seem to mind.

In any case, this skyrocketed the speed of my research. I made so much progress in such a
short amount of time that it seemed foolish that I was ever denied access to the Metaverse at
all. Though when I think about it, I think that perhaps the concern was more surrounding
Teddie rather than myself.

I was able to develop the Metaverse Navigator in almost no time, and even more quickly I
was able to bring it down to the size of a mobile phone app. This would allow any particular
operative to enter the Metaverse at will from their current location, move to another location
within the Metaverse, and exit. That was the practical application the government was
looking for, of course, but it was absolutely only the beginning. The capacity to view the



psyche of another person would be of tremendous advantage in the arena of politics. Even
more powerful would be the power to alter their thoughts and beliefs.

Looking at myself write it down now, I can see how wrong I was. But at the time, it didn't
register. I was addicted to the thrill of my rapid discoveries. I'm prone to think of Einstein,
when he described e=mc2 as "the happiest thought he ever had." These were my happy
thoughts, my greatest discoveries, that which would make me immortal throughout all of
science.

That was probably the tipping point.

For the next time I went into the Metaverse, I was confronted with myself.

I had decided at this point that my skill in navigating the Metaverse, and the level of progress
in my project, meant that I no longer needed Teddie as a guide, so I went in alone. The
Metaverse had, for the most part, been rather benign, focusing on taking the shape of either
an other-worldly version of the area I was investigating or that of a twisted subway.

Suddenly, however, I was in the desert.

I was on a barge, floating down the Nile, confronted with an Egyptian Pharoah. She looked
exactly like me, though her eyes were yellow, and she spoke with a voice that resonated
unnaturally.

She was the Shadow version of myself, though at the time I did not understand it. I simply
thought it was some powerful shadow trying to make some sort of deceptive ploy.

I tried to talk to it, to find out what it wanted. There was no need. The Shadow was part of
me, and therefore knew me inside and out. She was all of my arrogance and pride, all of my
desire to become immortal in the halls of science. She spouted these things to me with all the
venom of a cobra, adding in other horrible truths: that I had ignored my daughter while I
pursued this.

I denied it.

She said she was wrong, that in fact I hadn't just ignored her, I had made her an accomplice
by asking for her help.

I denied it.

She again stated that she was wrong. In fact, that Futaba was an abandoned project - a failed
first attempt at immortality through reproduction, the same basic instinct every human has. I
had her in case my brilliance couldn't grant me what I wanted, and that now I had found my
world-changing discovery, I no longer needed her.

I screamed at her that she wasn't me.

And that seemed to trigger something.

The lovely, imperious Pharaoh transformed into a hideous Sphinx, ready to devour me.



I thought that was the end for sure.

And then suddenly the air crackled and the waters of the Metaverse Nile turned to ice as an
incredible blast of cold struck the Sphinx.

Somehow, Teddie had entered the Metaverse on his own accord and found me. With him was
a massive mechanical being with a spherical body holding what could only be described as
an ICBM. The mechanical being was under his control, and fought the Sphinx back.

While he fought, Teddie told me that the Sphinx was part of myself, that I had accessed my
own subconscious within the Metaverse and that it was a representation of some of the darker
thoughts and feelings I had. I told him that she was spouting lies.

He asked if I was sure.

Huddled on a royal barge in a half-frozen Egyptian river while a robot battled a Sphinx, I had
a long think about it.

As painful as those words were, they were true. I had thought those things. I had felt those
feelings.

But they weren't all of me. Just a part of me. I could still choose to do things differently, to do
better by Futaba, and the world.

But to do that I had to accept the darker side of myself.

I confronted the Sphinx again. I told her that she was right, I had made myself obsessed. But
my love for my daughter was greater than anything else in the world. I would give up
everything for her, and was prepared to do so.

As I admitted to the truth, the Sphnix shrunk and shifted back into the shape of the Pharaoh.
And then she vanished entirely.

Teddie led me back to the real world.

It has been a week since this happened, and I have spent the week trying to make things right.
I have promised Futaba that we are going to go on a trip soon, just the two of us, and we'll do
anything she wants. I'll quit my job, leave the research of the Metaverse behind me. I have
enough money to live off of for a while until I figure out what to do next.

Maybe I'll just make curry and coffee with Sojiro.

Oh, Sojiro. I should've gone on that date with him.

I should have done so many things. I have so many regrets about the last few years. Most of
which is the amount of work I've done for this group. I have given them the keys to the
Metaverse and I don't know if I can undo that.

But I'm going to try.



The first and most important thing I've done so far is hidden my latest gains. They don't know
this yet, but I've massively improved the capacity of Metaverse entry and exit. I've erased all
of it from the government computer and I've hidden it in a way that only Futaba could ever
access. Teddie helped me hide it, and I'll be thankful for that forever.

Next, I'm going to try and corrupt the code of the app - put in a little time bomb so that after a
while it will stop working accurately, and then, altogether.

I'm hopeful for the future. But there's also a part of me that feels incredible dread - like it's
too late. That I'm going to pay a horrible price for what I've done, and it'll be Futaba who
suffers for it.

Please, if the gods exist, please don't let that be true.

Give me one more chance to show you I've changed my heart.

Give me a little more time.

Chapter End Notes

I can't remember who was doing it, but if the person who was previously posting all the
SL changes at the end of these parts is still tracking that, it'd be super useful for me if
you did it again <__<

Anyway, this is a bunch of behind the scenes thoughts so feel free to skip this note if you
don't care about it.

I'm excited we finally made it out of Kaneshiro. I think the Kaneshiro section itself took
longer than every other section combined to write. And I haven't made it a secret that
this was the hardest one to do. Kaneshiro's is the only one without a direct connection to
a Phantom Thief, since in the game every single character gets "their" Palace to defeat.
While Kaneshiro is supposed to be Makoto's, it's really not. Sae's is Makotos. This one
is just sorta..there.

It took me a long time to find the emotional core of Kaneshiro's story - pretty much all
the way until I figured out how to write the Will Seed. One I figured that out, I had it
down, hence the sudden increase in updates. It did sorta surprise me though how sad it
turned out to be. It even shifted how some of the events I had worked out before.
Originally, Nanako and Ann's Showtime was supposed to be a big spectacular battle
moment. But I actually like how it came out as this somber, triumphant moment of
friendship.

There's also been a lot of comments about Nanako and Makoto and the relative fallout
from both of their actions. I don't normally like to address these things, as I prefer to let
the story speak for itself. So that's pretty much what I'm gonna do. I will say though that
if you've read this far you know that this is a looooooooooong story, and the results of an



action may not catch up to you for a while. Just like real life! I hope you'll continue to
read along and put your trust in me.

I'm really excited for the next few sections. There are some BIG moments that I've been
excited to share with you, not just from Persona 5, but stuff you'll never see coming, and
they start happening with Futaba. I just need to spend a little time plotting out the
calendar again (I lost a lot of files because I was trying to do something fancy where I
synched the text files on my phone and...yeah, bad idea) and playing/rewatching
Futaba's palace because it's been a while.

It's crazy to me that this thing I started as a whim pandemic project has continued on for
THREE YEARS. If you've been following along this whole time, thank you! And if
you're new, I hope you've enjoyed the binge and will keep checking back for updates.

Have a great day!



Chapter 366: 7/8 - Early Morning

Nanako turned onto her side in bed.

She was still in that dreamy twilight dozing space. Her mind was active, but she wasn't yet
fully awake, teetering on the edge of slumber. All she had to do was lean back into it and she
could probably fall asleep again. Her thoughts, though, felt like her subconscious had started
a blender to process the events of the last week and then had stopped halfway through,
leaving big chunks of unresolved issues floating in the swill of memories. It was as if her
brain had divided itself into territories and had decided to have very powerful, very different
emotions all at once.

One part of her was very relaxed. No, not relaxed, overjoyed. She and Ren had finally
confessed their true feelings, and it was everything she had hoped for. All of those lingering
looks, those intense conversations, the constant need for Ren to reciprocate those intense
feelings that burned inside her - she had been right. They were a couple now. A couple on
their first steps of their relationship, with unlimited possibilities ahead!

Another part was relieved. Kaneshiro had been taken down. The news hadn't given many
details yet, but at the very least, Chie and Akihiko were safe. In fact, all of Shibuya was much
safer now thanks to them. She had protected her friend and fulfilled her promise to Kotone.

She struggled to get comfortable. Her foot searched around the bed for her comforter, but
couldn't find it. She turned over onto the other side and pushed the cat tail out of her face,
then adjusted her bra.

Right next to the part of her brain that was overjoyed about her relationship with Ren was a
tiny spiral of worry. She'd never been in a relationship before. What if she was terrible at it?
What if she messed it up and lost him? What if it turned out he was just swept up in the
emotions of this situation - the Metaverse, the Phantom Thieves, the talk of her almost dying.
Those intense emotions might be misconstrued as being romantic attraction, but what if as
time went on he realized she wasn't anything he wanted? She knew she was overthinking it.
She couldn't help it. It was partly her nature, she supposed. And partly an indication of how
much she really cared about him.

Next to the part of her brain that was relieved about Kaneshiro was the vaguest emotion she
was experiencing. A dread, maybe? No, an unease was the best word for it. Something wasn't
quite right. Something important. And it wasn't like this was part of the chunks in the blender
of her mind. Or the slurry. It was like...the blender itself. Someone was operating it, and it
wasn't her, and they didn't want Nanako to know who it was or-

...wait, cat tail?

Nanako shot up, fully awake.

Oh no. Oh no oh no oh no oh no.



She was still at Ren's!

She patted herself down quickly. Okay, she was dressed still, so...

Right. They had kissed. Then kissed some more. Kissed a lot. Then they were cuddling on his
bed, and she said she should go and Ren agreed and then she didn't go and Ren reminded her
that she had to go and she said she would go in just a minute and...

...and she must have fallen asleep!

"Shit!" she hissed.

Ren sat up immediately, hands at the ready, as if about to fight a shadow. He looked around
the room frantically and then realized the situation.

"What time is it?" he asked.

"I don't know!"

"Huh? What's Nanako doing here?" Morgana yawned.

Nanako ignored him and hopped off the bed. She had to find her phone. She didn't want to
confront the waiting text messages or the list of missed calls but she also needed to know the
time. Maybe there was still a way out of this that didn't involve her father immediately
dragging her back to Inaba in the back of a police car.

She found it. She picked it up. The screen blinked on, though the battery indicator was pretty
low - maybe about five percent left.

4:45 AM.

No texts.

No missed calls.

"Big bro and Rise don't know I'm not there," Nanako said, holding the phone to her chest.

"Is that...good?"

"I think so. Quick, let me use your charger."

They plugged Nanako's phone in. She scrambled downstairs and used the bathroom. While
she washed up, she heard Ren darting around in the loft. When she returned, he had his
glasses back on and had all of her belongings packed together, save for the phone that was
still charging.

"Sojiro will be here soon to open the shop," he said. "What's the plan?"

"The plan is I take the first train back to Shibuya and then...well, sneak back in. If I'm lucky,
they're not even home. They might have stayed somewhere else for the night. If not, then



they must have come back late and just assumed I was in bed. Either way, I think I can get in
and...well..."

"Why? Maybe just go straight to school. You're already in your uniform."

She glanced down at herself. It was true, she was already dressed. Her uniform was a little
crumpled, but she could probably get by. Still, the idea of old clothes and not showering
wasn't...pleasant.

"There's a bathhouse nearby," Ren added. "If you need money, I-"

"No, it's okay. I'll make it work. We're Phantom Thieves, remember?"

"Let me make you coffee at least-"

"Did you say Sojiro was coming?"

"Mm."

She reached up and held his cheek.

"This isn't your fault. It'll be fine. I'm glad it happened."

"Me too."

They kissed.

"I'll see you at school!"

And with that, Nanako stole out of Leblanc and rushed through the early morning towards the
train station. The first trains would be running soon, and she was confident she could get
back to Shibuya before either Rise or Yu woke up - assuming they were even home.

...but what would she do if Yu was already awake?

She fished out her phone. It was still low, but she figured there was still enough charge for a
call. She scrolled to her contacts and dialed. It rang six times before there was a muffled
answer.

"Whaaaaat...." Ann groaned. "It's...it's not even 5!"

"I slept over at Ren's."

There was a thunking sound. Ann must've dropped her phone.

"I'm sorry, what!?"

"We're...together now, and I accidentally fell asleep, that's not important, what's important is
that I'm trying to sneak back in before anyone realizes I'm gone."

"Nanako, you confessed to each other and slept over on the same night!?"



"It's not like that! I literally just fell asleep - Ann, I need you to focus. I need a plan. There's
no texts or calls, so I don't think they've realized I'm gone. If they're asleep when I get in,
then I'm good to go. Even better if they're not home. But what do I do if they're awake and
I'm walking in at this hour?"

"You have so many questions you're gonna answer."

"Later, Ann!"

"Okay, okay, geez. What are you wearing?"

"My uniform, still."

"Okay, then this one is easy. If they see you coming in, just say you forgot something."

"...what?"

"Just say you forgot something. Then get whatever you need and leave again. If they ask why
you were leaving so early for school, tell them you had to come here and see me for a project
or I needed help with something."

"Oh. Huh. That's not bad."

"And if they're awake, just grab a new uniform and stuff it in your bag and come up here and
clean up."

"That's not an inconvenience?"

"No more of an inconvenience than calling someone at 4:55 in the morning..."

"Right. Yeah. Sorry. I owe you. I gotta go, my phone's almost out of power."

Nanako hung up and sighed a breath of relief.

A boyfriend and a best friend.

Things were going well.



Chapter 367: 7/8 - Morning

Had to run to Kyoto, took Yu with me. We'll be back Sunday. - R

That was the note that Nanako found on the kitchen table after she had painstakingly slid the
key into the door and inched forward on her knees to prevent the door from creaking.

So Nanako rushed through changing and getting ready so that she could turn back around and
head to school. She wasn't surprised that Ann had been waiting for her.

"I want to know everything. Every detail."

"W-why..."

"Because I've been waiting for this forever!" Ann said, practically jumping up and down as
they walked to the station. "Although part of me is sad that we won't get to watch the will-
they-won't-they tension every time you two talk. It was very romantic, it was like watching a
drama."

Nanako tried to fight back the blush burning on her cheeks.

"Psh, next you're gonna tell me you guys were all taking bets on when we got together."

"Aw, we didn't. That would've been a good idea though."

"You know, I didn't pry this much when you started dating Shiho."

"Well that's different!"

"Why, because you're lesbians?"

"Because it's me! You...you're fair game."

"Why?"

"Because you are and you're my best friend and I'm dying to know! Is he a good kisser?"

"I'm not answering this."

"You will eventually. You might as well give up now."

"Okay, maybe but like...we've been dating for like eight hours. You think I can just enjoy it
for a little bit?"

Ann raised her hands in surrender. "Fair point. Sorry. I'll back off."

"Thank you."



As they finished walking into the station, Nanako's heart skipped a beat as he saw Ren
standing at the platform with two cups of coffee in hand. Nanako almost pulled her phone out
to take a picture, the moment was so perfect: him, so handsome, standing with the two
steaming cups, a moment of intimacy in the chaotic flurry of humanity that was the Shibuya
station.

Yusuke probably would've actually taken the picture. Nanako settled for burning it in her
memory to cherish for all time.

"Awwww!" Ann cooed.

"Stop..."

"Look at this guy! Bringing his girl and her best friend coffee," Ann said, swooping in to take
the second cup of coffee, which was probably-most-definitely for Ren. He smirked, amused,
and handed the other cup to Nanako.

"Hi," Nanako said, cradling the cup in he hands.

"Hi."

"Thanks for the coffee," Nanako said again, blushing. Seriously Nanako, are you being
reduced to a giggling stereotype?

"You're welcome," he said. Then he glanced over to Ann, who was swiping away on her
phone with one hand and sipping the coffee with the other. "So uh...she knows already...?"

"Oh! Oh shoot, did you not want to tell everyone? I'm sorry, I was just panicking at the
possibility of getting caught and so-"

"No, no, it's fine. I'm sure it's fine. I was just...I don't know, maybe we could just keep it to
ourselves for a minute. I mean, I obviously want to tell everyone eventually, it's not that I'm
ashamed of your or anything-"

"No no no, that isn't what I was thinking about at all! I totally get it, it's kinda like...nice to be
private about it, right?"

"Right! Yeah!"

"Well, Ann's our friend, she'll totally get it," Nanako said. "Hey, Ann."

"Mm?"

"Look, I'm glad I told you about us dating, but we were talking just now and I think we want
to hold off on telling the rest of the team, just for a little bit."

"Aww, that's sweet." Ann nodded sagely. "Well, as someone in a relationship myself, I fully
understand and I totally support you."

"Thanks."



"Don't look at the group chat."

"...what?"

Pi pi pi. Pi pi pi. Pi pi pi pi.

Both Nanako and Ren took out their phones.

ANN: YOU GUYS REN AND NANAKO ARE TOGETHER, LOOK AT THIS CUTE
PICTURE I TOOK OF THEM

There was a picture attached to the text of Ren handing Nanako the coffee. They were
looking at each other adoringly.

...Nanako had to admit it was a great picture.

 RYUJI: Hell yeah, about time! Congrats you two!

 YUUSUKE: Ah yes, indeed, you two are a fine couple.

 NIIJIMA: Congratulations.

 NIIJIMA: Have you all seen the news?

Niijima dropped a link in the group chat that Nanako tapped immediately. The news story
loaded up as the train came into the station and the three of them stepped aboard.

A surprise arrest is rippling throughout the city of Tokyo. Last night, a key information
broker, money launderer, and drug dealer turned by the name of Junya Kaneshiro turned
himself in to authorities last night. Though the Tokyo Police Department has yet to publicly
comment on the arrest, anonymous sources have confirmed that Kaneshiro is the latest victim
of the Phantom Thieves of Heart. Kaneshiro has been confessing to a number of crimes,
which has resulted in the launching of several internal investigations into corruption and
bribery charges, including members of the a Special Investigations Unit assembled
specifically to catch Kaneshiro.

Nanako breathed a sigh of relief. She knew they had taken the treasure, she knew the change
of heart would happen. But now she was pretty sure Chie was safe. She'd have to try and
figure out later how to find out for sure.

Nanako leaned against Ren as the train bent into a turn. He put his arm around her.

"Sorry I let the cat out of the bag," Ann said.

"Hey..." Morgana grumbled from inside the bag.

"Oops! Sorry...wait, wouldn't Mona have known about you two?"

"I can keep a secret! Seemingly better than you, Lady Ann..."

They laughed.



Chapter 368: 7/8 - Afternoon

It bothered Chie that she didn't know Akihiko's coffee preference.

She stood there forever at the front of the line in a complete panic, everyone only tolerating
her indecisiveness because she was in uniform. She ended up deciding to just get a regular
black coffee and then bring everything possible - creamers (dairy on non-dairy), milk (whole
and skim), sugar (brown, raw, and white), and artificial sweeteners (the blue ones, the pink
ones, and the yellow ones). She carried it all on on of those drink carriers.

...but what if he liked tea?

That had been the last thought she had before she arrived at the police station.

The upper floors, where Akihiko had his office, was in chaos. It was more crowded than
usual, as if a bunch of people who were off-shift had come in. There were also lots of people
in suits - the prosecutors and upper command, no doubt.

Chie caught a glimpse of Kaneshiro sitting in an interrogation room, having a discussion with
another older man in a suit - probably his lawyer. The interrogation room was under guard by
two officers. Chie knew one of them - he was an honest cop without a lot of personality. The
perfect guard-dog type, and intimidating as hell.

In the middle of the chaos was Akihiko. Chie recognized the Chief Inspector and the
Superintendent - and then she thought one of them was also the Assistant Commissioner.
There was a lot to handle since the news broke that Kaneshiro was snitching on everyone -
including all he cops he had bought off over the last years. One of them had apparently gotten
pretty high in the ranks. Now they were probably trying to balance out which of them they
would sacrifice and which they would deny.

Bastards. They all needed to turn themselves in and face justice. But Chie had been in the
force long enough to knew the upper rank people wouldn't. The best she could hope for was
that they wouldn't get promoted again, that their careers were effectively stalled. Maybe one
or two would even resign.

She watched Akihiko. And she was hit all at once with a big thought - one that felt so true, so
powerful, that she knew it was right.

He didn't need her anymore.

Before, they only had each other to rely on. No one understood their situation, and no one
was going to take a risk to offer a hand of help. But Kaneshiro's confession put Akihiko back
into the sterling silver light of an apex cop. He'd probably get promoted, and he would
deserve it.

He deserved every good thing this world had to offer.



Another important man in a suit entered. Several people bowed in a combination of respect
and nerves, including Akihiko.

"It was fun while it lasted," Chie said under her breath. "Goodbye, Akihiko."

She turned and walked towards one of the small kitchenettes on this level of the office. She
set the drink carrier on the counter and then struggled to free the base of the paper cup from
the cardboard grip.

"Are you gonna dump that out?"

Chie froze. Akihiko stepped up right behind her, standing so close that she could feel his
body heat. She could hear his breath as he leaned over and grabbed the cup from her hand.

"I didn't drink out of it," Chie said quickly, spinning around. She found herself suddenly
leaning against the sink while Akihiko loomed.

"Oh?"

"I got it for you, actually."

"...so you were going to dump it down the drain?"

Chie shrugged, unable to control any emotion on her face or in her voice - everything was
coming out in a mixture of embarrassment and sadness and maybe a little anger.

"You looked busy," she said.

He shrugged and took a sip and let out an annoying adorable gasp of satisfaction.

"It's good. Thank you."

"Mm."

"You know...I'm gonna miss how it was before. Just the two of us, racking our brains, trying
to figure out how we're gonna get out the mess. I mean...I'm glad it's over, don't get me
wrong."

He took another sip and smiled.

"But I'll miss hanging out with you."

"Well then don't stop!" Chie snapped. Akihiko inclined his head, curious.

"If you like hanging out with me, then don't stop. Or are you going to be too important now?"

"Not at all. Though this is probably connected to the Phantom Thieves, so it's more likely that
you're going to be more busy with the task force, don't you think?"

"I'm just a formality and someone to watch Naoto's back. I have plenty of time to hangout
with you, if you have time to hangout with me," Chie said. She was still sounding more



churlish than she would've liked - maybe even bratty. But at the same time, her heart was
soaring.

"I'll make it a priority," he said, his voice resonating in a way that made goosebumps rise on
the back of her neck and crawl all the way down her spine.

And then he rested her chin on the crown of her head.

"Thank you for being with me through all of it. It means more to me than you know."

And just as quickly as he appeared, he was off again, coffee in hand, returning to being
Lieutenant Sanada.

"Holy shit," Chie said, fanning herself with one hand, trying to get herself under control.



Chapter 369: 7/8 - After School

"I've been checking the news all day," Ann said, scrolling on her phone. "It's full of crazy
information about Kaneshiro..."

"Not all of which will be true," Niijima cut in, also scrolling on her phone. "Kaneshiro's case
is a complicated one, and a lot of this is going to be media speculation, rumors from false
sources, sensationalization to get attention...I imagine we'll never know the true extent of
what he was up to."

"He's arrested though, right?" Ryuji asked as he tore open the corner of a packaged milk bun
with his teeth. He was leaning against the railing by the window of the Accessway, clad in his
convenience store uniform jacket. "So who cares what the details are. He's gone. We beat
him."

Nanako noticed that Yusuke was staring longingly at the bread in Ryuji's hand. Ryuji must've
noticed it too, because wordlessly he pulled another one out of his jacket pocket and handed
it to him. Yusuke started to thank him but Ryuji waved it off. The two boys ate their bread.

"And now we can sit back and relax for a bit," Ryuji said with a yawn.

"We can do no such thing," Niijima said. "Final exams are in a week, and I expect all of you
to do well on them."

"What!? Why?" Ann complained.

"We can't draw attention to ourselves in the slightest. Remember, all of this started when
Kobayakawa started asking me to investigate the Phantom Thieves. And the first target was
Kamoshida, which still puts a lot of suspicion on the students of Shujin. We have to live
normal student lives convincingly."

"If I suddenly do well on my finals, I'm going to draw way more attention," Ryuji said.
Niijima nudged him in the arm with her elbow.

"We'll arrange some time to study together as a team," Niijima said. "I can help you two, I
remember most of what was on the exams last year."

Ryuji and Ann both grumbled.

"Makoto's right," Morgana said. "Stylish thieves need to be smart as well as skilled."

"Can we at least do something fun afterwards? See fireworks or something?" Ann
complained.

"Oh, yeah! There's the big festival on the 18th!" Ryuji said. "And that's after exams, so no
excuse there, right?"



"Fireworks would mean...Lady Ann in a yukata..." Morgana said, trembling with excitement.

"Oh. I couldn't do that," Nanako said.

"What? Why not?" Ann asked.

"I'm heading to Inaba for the weekend right after exams are over," Nanako said.

"Oh," Ann said, disappointed.

"Unless...you guys wanted to go with me?"

The team glanced around excitedly.

"A trip together sounds awesome!" Ann said.

"I...suppose I could make that work," Niijima said.

"Even a little place like Inaba has to have fireworks, right?" Ryuji added.

"Yes, I mean, they probably won't be as good as here-"

"It will also be much less crowded," Yusuke added. "Every festival here in Tokyo is always
overpacked."

"Okay. Then it's set! We party in Inaba!" Ryuji said, pumping his fist in the air. Then his
phone went off. He checked it, then frowned. "Ah crap, I gotta get to work."

"Me too, actually," Ann said.

"Then we'll talk over the details later," Yusuke said.

The Phantom Thieves started to go their separate ways when Nanako suddenly called out:
"Niijima!"

She turned around, looking a little startled and on-guard.

"Are you...busy right now? There was something I wanted to talk to you about."

"Oh. Well, I do have something to take care of right now...but I will be free this evening."

"Okay. I'll text you."

Niijima nodded once and then continued on. Nanako let out a breath and turned to Ren.

"Well, I wanted to hang out with you tonight, but I guess I'll feel better getting this off my
back."

It was only then that she realized his face was like gathered storm clouds. It was also then
that she realized he hadn't said a thing during the meeting.



"Hey, what's wrong?"

"Nothing," he said.

"No, something's wrong, what happened?"

"Nothing happened. It's just...I don't know if I can go back to Inaba."

"Huh? Why not? Does that violate your probation?"

"I don't know. It might, it might not, I just...don't know if I can go back. Not yet. It's too
early."

"Well, then let's cancel the whole thing. I'll just go alone, I'll just tell them that it'll make my
dad angry to have a bunch of people suddenly show up - which probably isn't a total lie."

"No, I don't want to ruin it."

"But I don't want you to be alone, either. Are you sure you can't go?"

"Inaba is a place of love for you," Ren said. "And it is for me as well, but...I still feel betrayed
by the place. Even though no one there really did anything. I just..."

"Then-"

"I don't want to solve this right now, Nananko," he said, reaching out to put his arms around
her. "Let me think about it, okay? We have time."

"I'm sorry," she said, leaning into him.

"You have nothing to be sorry about. Just because we're dating doesn't mean you should
cancel your plans or isolate yourself from your family. Just...let me think."

"Okay."

"And you should prepare for your meeting with Makoto."

Nanako leaned in harder. "I don't suppose you'll go with me?"

"No, you need to do it yourself."

"Fine. Do you want to hang out a little before I have to go meet her?"

"Sure. I have an idea on how to help you, too."

--

"This is a cosmic joke, right?"

"You can do it, Nanako!" Morgana cheered.



"Did I anger the gods?"

"This will help you, I promise," Ren said, grinning ear to ear.

"How!?"

"It'll improve your guts!"

"Only if I don't puke them out first!"

Ren pushed it forward.

"Go, go, go!"

Nanako tried to eat the Big Bang Burger and failed.

But she did feel like her guts improved.



Chapter 370: 7/8 - Evening

Nanako drummed her fingers over and over across the surface of the table at the Vegetariano
walk-in store just down the street from the Shibuya central street. It was the best meeting
location for her and Niijima that she could think of on short notice. She was still feeling
bloated from the big Bang Challenge and left her feeling like she wouldn't eat again for a
couple of days. She might be able to handle a smoothie and it could help her get some proper
nutrients into her.

She had thought about asking Niijima to Leblanc, but that felt a little too much like
manipulating the situation so Ren would be nearby. Besides, the last thing she needed was
coffee - she was hyped up enough.

Nanako had tried to figure out why she was so agitated about the meeting, but she couldn't
come up with a reasonable explanation. If she could, she figured, there probably wouldn't be
a problem with her and Niijima to begin with. The whole thing was just...wrong. Nanako
never had problems getting along with anyone. She could make friends with wallpaper, so
why-

"Good evening," Niijima said, cutting into Nanako's thoughts. Nanako stood up immediately
and bowed.

"Good evening. Sorry, I didn't see you enter."

"Oh, no, it's fine. Thank you for inviting me," Niijima said, returning the bow.

The two went to the counter and ordered their smoothies from a tired-looking young man.
Nanako noticed that he wore the apron for Vegetariano, but had a nametag from a different
store. He was the kind of guy who worked multiple part time jobs and obviously wasn't very
good at either of them.

After she ordered, Nanako watched Niijima order. When she wasn't talking, Niijima's jaw
muscle was clenching and releasing in regular intervals - clench, release, clench, release.

Nanako took out her wallet, but then felt Niijima's hand on hers.

"Allow me, please," she said as she pulled out her own wallet from a handbag. It was a
surprisingly cute Buchimaru themed wallet, the really high quality kind that were shiny and
lacquered and probably cost a lot.

"No, I invited you," Nanako insisted.

"I'm your senpai and the student president. It wouldn't be proper for you to pay."

Nanako relented and let Niijima pay for the both of them. While the young man trudged off
to work the blenders, the two girls sat down by the window. They were facing each other, but
both were working hard to find other things to look at.



Geez this is too awkward, just get this over with already...

"So. Um. I guess we should start," Nanako said, sitting straight up in her chair. "I want to
apologize. Truly, this time. I know I feel like I tried to before, but obviously that didn't take."

Nanako grit her teeth. What the hell was that? Why was she speaking like the most awkward
person in the world?

"I just mean that, like, we-...I mean I, need to figure out how we're going ot work together
since you're on the team now and obviously what happened with Kaneshiro could've gone
really badly and...you know..."

"It's partly my fault," Niijima admitted. Nanako let out a breath of relief, though she wasn't
sure why Niijima taking some of the blame would cause relief. Was her pride really that
strong that she had to make sure Niijima wasn't going to let Nanako assume full
responsibility?

"Yes, well, I mean-"

"Nanako," Niijima interrupted, "I...am very insecure."

The two of them sat with that thought between them while the blender roraed in the
background so loudly that it made talking impossible. Nanako was beginning to think this
wasn't the best choice of venue for a conversation. When the blender stopped Niijima
continued.

"I don't know how to be around people or make friends. I am more comfortable when I have
a role to play - student council president, sister, senpai, Phantom Thief...I can be those things.
But to just be plain Makoto Niijima...I'm not very good at that. At first, I figured the Phantom
Thieves would just be like every other club I've joined. I'd find role, slide into it, and become
a useful member. A part of the whole."

"But...there was no role for you to fill?" Nanako asked. She thought a moment about the
conversation she and Ryuji had about how similar the two of them were. "Or rather, I was
already filling the role?"

"No, it's not that," she said. "It's more that...you guys aren't really an organization. Yes, Ren is
the leader in the sense that he is the one to make the final call on things, but...you're just
friends, really. A bunch of friends doing the same thing because you feel like it needs to be
done. And like I said, I don't know how to do that very well."

The tired blender man with the mismatched nametag moped by and placed the two smoothies
on their table before he returned to the counter, where he immediately got out his phone and
started scrolling.

"I'm sorry. I probably didn't make it any easier with all the confronting I did..."

"It's understandable, especially with the way I handled things. I basically forced my way onto
the team because...well, because I didn't know what else to do. To be honest, the Kamoshida



incident shook me. That day on the rooftop, the first time I tried to confront you guys, you
were right. The school leadership didn't do anything to protect Suzui or the other students.
And while I could argue that it wasn't really my job...it was. I didn't know, but I also didn't
want to know. I'm a skilled investigator that I should've seen the signs. And because I was
feeling guilty about that, when Sanada offered me the chance to do something for the
students, to do something for all of Shibuya...I had to take the chance."

Nanako listened and sipped. She frowned at the smoothie - this wasn't the right order at all.
She wondered if Niijima had her smoothie or if the tired blender man was just really bad at
his job.

"And then when that fell apart and I got them into more trouble with Kaneshiro, I blamed
myself for it. More than you ever blamed me. I was desperate to fix it, not only because I
wanted to save everyone, but because I needed to prove to myself that I wasn't a total failure.
And that blinded me to some of the delicacies of the situation. I just wanted to fix it, no mater
the cost."

"Well...I can see where you're coming from," Nanako said. "You were in a hard situation and
I don't think I would've handled it any better."

"You might have," Niijima said. "You don't seem to be so desperate to prove yourself to
yourself. It's my biggest blind spot, and it has been for a long time."

Prove yourself to yourself. Nanako wondered about that. She didn't really feel much self-
doubt, if she thought about it. There were moments, of course, everyone has worries and
uncertainty. But deep down she knew she had an incredible family to pick her back up if she
really fell down. Thinking again about what Ryuji said, Niijima lacked that.

"So, I apologize for some of my actions."

"Apology accepted," Nanako said. "I want us to be friends, Makoto. Really."

"I do too," Makoto said, looking straight into Nanako's eyes. "But...I don't apologize for all of
my actions."

"Huh? What do you mean?"

"You made a lot of mistakes, Nanako. Dangerous mistakes."

Nanako felt herself getting heated. She took a sip of the wrong-smoothie to try and give
herself a moment to load all of her arguments into place.

"Proving myself to myself is my blind spot. But Ren is yours. Even I knew you had feelings
for him, and it was pretty obvious he had them for you too...and that made you a little
reckless in the mission. I'm glad you two are dating now because maybe that'll make it easier
for you two to see it for yourselves."

Nanako kept sipping, the arguments in her head now reconfiguring to adjust for the new
accusation.



"I want us to be friends and I want us to keep doing this work and making the world better.
But if I think you're doing something wrong, I'm going to call it out."

Nanako put the smoothie down.

"Good," she said.

"Good?"

"Yes. I think that's good thing...and I think you're right. I did mess up. A lot, probably,"
Nanako said, spinning the smoothie on the table with one finger. "I can't...logically explain it
right now. But I know in my gut that you're right. And I probably need to spend some time
reflecting on that."

It was time for Makoto to let out a sigh of relief.

"I think we should leave all this behind us," Nanako suggested. "Let's...mark the past as a
rough opening to what's going to be a great friendship. And when we're old ladies talking to
our grandkids someday, it'll be a lesson for them."

Makoto smiled. "That's a good way of thinking of it..."

She took her smoothie and raised it up.

"To friendship, then?"

"To friendship," Nanako said.

They knocked the cardboard cups together and sipped.

Makoto immediately frowned.

"I think this is your smoothie," she said.

"Damnit, I knew it," Nanako said.

--

SOCIAL LINK RANK UP

Empress: Makoto Niijima

Level 1



Chapter 371: 7/8 - ?????

Nanako sank into a deep sleep that night and sunk into the realm of the mysterious prison.

"Hello again, Nanako," Margaret said from within her cell. She knelt with her legs to one
side, looking rather composed and serene.

"It's odd, the whole atmosphere around here is quieter than it was before," Nanako said. "In a
way that I can't really explain..."

"You're right. The game is entering a new phase, and the players are regrouping to prepare."

Margaret reached behind and her back and drew a deck of cards from thin air. She shuffled
them expertly on the surface of her knee, then casually drew four cards, flicking each one
into the air. As she did, the card floated before her, facing her. Nanako could only see the
designs on the back of the card, which were the same intricate blue markings on the back of
her Persona cards.

"You should enjoy the respite for now, Nanako. It seems there will be much joy in your
immediate future...but following that, you will be tested in ways you have not been tested
before. You will have to confront that which you have been avoiding."

"Do you mean the memories of my past? Or something else?"

Margaret only shook her head. Again, she was limited in what she could say it seemed. Well,
even a warning as vague as that was better than nothing, Nanako supposed.

"Are we winning the game?" Nanako asked, wondering if putting it into the context of her
teminology would et her more answers.

"Yes, as of now, you and your friends are. You've done very well, and I'm sure if your big bro
knew, he'd be quite proud of you."

"Can I tell him?" Nanako asked.

"What do you think?"

In her heart, she wanted nothing more. But her gut told her that was impossible.

"I can offer you this - the truth will always come to the surface," Margaret said. Nanako
nodded. Margaret reached and pulled one last card, tossing it up to complete the 5 card read.

She frowned.

"What? What is this? How is this possible? How could you have spoken to her?" Margaret
sounded almost angry.

"Who?"



"The other Wild Card, the Great Seal. How did you get to her? Did Elizabeth put you up to
this?"

"Who's Elizabeth?"

But Margaret didn't get a chance to answer. Nanako was suddenly hit with a sudden rising
sensation, being pulled upwards back to reality.

No, not reality. It felt like she passed it, like riding an elevator and going past the floor you
were supposed to stop on. She rose upwards, faster and faster, until she abruptly stopped in a
world bathed in eerie green light.

"Nanako-chaaaaaan~!"

Kotone crashed into her, hugging her tightly.

"You did it! You saved Akihiko and your friend! I knew you could do it! I'm so proud of
you!"

"Uh, thanks," Nanako said, her head still reeling from the sudden shift in realities. It felt like
her head was threatening to spit open like an egg. Still, she managed to return the hug.
Kotone stepped back and crossed her arms.

"Are you okay? I forgot that your consciousness was going to have to go on a crazy ride if I
pulled you away from Elizabeth's sister."

"I'm fine," Nanako said. "But who's Elizabeth?"

"She's a Velvet Room Attendant, like Margaret. Elizabeth is way more fun though. She's out
in your world, you know. Maybe you'll run into her!"

"Velvet Room?"

"Oh, that's right, you're a weird Wild Card. A Wild Card Lite. Wild Card-ish. Wilb Carb."

Kotone giggled and pulled away from Nanako.

"And has my girl been helpful?"

"You mean Orpheus? Yes, she's quite powerful," Nanako replied.

"Good. I was worried she wasn't going to cooperate, since she's part of me and there's a part
of me that's a little stubborn. Do you want more?"

"More?"

"Personae! I have more. If you wouldn't mind just helping me out by keeping an eye on some
of my friends for me. I mean you did such a great job with Akihiko. And I was watching you
protect him for me, I realized that even though I watch my friends all the time, this is my



chance to actually make a difference. Well, for you to make the difference, but still. Are you
game?"

"I uh..."

Nanako looked around at the sparkling void and the green moon. Really, she wasn't sure she
had time. This time, her needs and Kotone's aligned, but with all the things she was already
trying to accomplish, could she fit in helping Kotone?

Then again, if Kotone was a semi-god or a demi-god, could Nanako refuse?

"Sure," she said.

"Oh, thank you, Nanako! I don't think the rest are in such a mess as Akihiko. If you wouldn't
mind checking in on Fuuka, I'd be super appreciative. Her full name is Fuuka Yamagishi."

"Okay, Fuuka, but where do I-"

There was an echoing sound that shook Nanako to her core - like a straining door. Kotone
frowned.

"Whoops, gotta go. Good luck!"

Before Nanako could speak again, she was hurtled out of the realm and back into sleep.

--

SOCIAL LINK RANK UP

The Fool - Margaret

LEVEL 4

SOCIAL LINK RANK UP

Aeon - Kotone

Level 2



Chapter 372: 7/9 - Morning

"What's complex is how the pressure of Western ideology, through the spread of western
media, has defined how many casual citizens conceptualize life and death, good and evil,
light and darkness."

Nanako was actually paying attention to one of Mr. Ushimaru's lectures. Instead of droning
on about facts and dates, or complaining about the state of modern Japan, he was delving into
something a bit more complex - how societies exerted influence on each other.

You know. Social studies. Probably how it's supposed to be.

"Take for example Nyx, one of the primordial gods. Nyx is a goddess of darkness, and by
many modern minds, would be considered evil. But the truth is that darkness simply exists,
and must be understood to be a constant of life that cannot be vanquished once and for all
like a petty Disney movie. Still, many westerners would create a false dichotomy based on
the Christian depiction of the afterlife - heaven on one end, hell on the other, and a deity like
Nyx clearly being relegated to a denizen of hell."

Mr. Ushimaru lifted his glasses to his forehead and folded his hands behind his back as he
slowly paced the front of the room. He only did this when he was engrossed in thought.

"Other societies had a much more well-rounded, perhaps arguably healthier, perspective of
death. The Egyptians, for example, felt that the afterlife would be much a continuation of
regular life. In fact, their god of death was not some spooky figure in a cloak or a red devil
with a pitchfork. Dojima, what was the name of that Egyptian god?"

Nanako opened her mouth and kept it open while all of the Egyptian deity names in her head
crashed in a traffic jam at the front of her brain.

"Anubis?"

"Not a bad guess. Anubis was a protector of the dead and the guide to the underworld, but the
true god was Osiris. Osiris was not only the god of the dead, but also fertility, agriculture, life
and vegetation. This fits in to the very cyclical nature that the Egyptians believed to be the
basis of all reality, heavily defined by the flood patterns of the Nile and the path of the sun."

"Can't believe I got that wrong," Nanako muttered.

"Oh, don't stress about it," Ann said, turning around to whisper past Ren and at her. "I didn't
know it either."

"That...doesn't make me feel better."

Nanako realized she'd have to study a bit harder for the upcoming exams.



Chapter 373: 7/9 - Afternoon
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

There wasn't anything left to do but let Kaneshiro take the fall.

He'd be calling soon.

Director of the Special Investigations Unit Tomohiso Aso opened his desk and pulled out a
pack of cigarettes. He put one into his mouth, walked ove to the windows that overlooked all
of Tokyo, and clutched his lighter in his hand.

He wouldn't smoke it. He had quit twenty five years ago. But this habit of his, of staring the
addiction in the face at point blank range, that was something he couldn't kick. He had started
it when his daughter was born, his now ex-wife demanding that he quit smoking or that she
and the child would move out and live somewhere else. The first days had been hell, and he
had found himself in this pose more times than he could count - cigarette in mouth, lighter in
hand, and using every ounce of willpower in his body not to light it up and inhale.

Now he didn't need so much willpower. His daughter and son were grown now, and the wife
had left him anyway. But this was still a good reminder that he was in control. He had the
willpower to resist temptation. He had the strength to be his own man, no matter how many
"higher ups" he had breathing down his neck.

The phone rang. Aso crumped the cigarette in his hand and tossed it into the waste basket as
he walked over to the phone and answered it on the fourth ring.

"What the hell is going on?"

"We've underestimated these Phantom Thieves," Aso said plainly. The voice on the line
growled.

"Who is it? The brat?"

"You mean the loose cannon bastard you've weaponized?" Aso said, getting in his shot. It
would probably be the only one he took.

"Yes, him."

"No, I don't think so. And you don't either, which is why you're calling me."

"End them. Now."

"I don't know who they are. Even with the Detective Prince on the case it hasn't been cracked
yet."

"Then cut Shirogane loose."



"No. She might still be useful. She does things in her own way, and I don't think she's in
league with them. You just have to be patient."

"We don't have time. The election is coming up."

"True enough," Aso said. If he had lit the cigarette, now would've been when he took a really
long drag from it. Instead he just took a deep breath. "If you want stronger pressure on them,
there's another way...but it'll be clumsy. And public."

"Do it. I don't care how. Exposing a pervert and a money laundering art snob is one thing, but
Kaneshiro is too close. If they know..."

"I understand, sir. I'll make the arrangements."

"And how will I know if it went through?"

"Believe me, sir. You'll know."

He hung up.

Chapter End Notes

Happy New Year!

I hope your holiday season was good and that you're all well. Personally, I've been
recovering from ACL reconstruction surgery. It's a very slow rehabilitation process, but
I'm not in a lot of pain so I am grateful for that.

Anyone play P5 Tactica yet? I've heard good things but I honestly need to finish Strikers
first.



Chapter 374: 7/9 - After School

Nanako Dojima sat on the train.

Yuzu Noriyaki sat on the train.

They sat on the train across from each other.

"This is kinda dumb, you know," Nanako said. "We're both going to same spot, why would
you not just sit with me and talk with me?"

"We're not friends."

"Well, sure, not now. But we could be."

"You're annoyingly persistent," she said, glowering at the floor. Nanako decided to use that as
a signal to get up and sit next to Yuzu. She rolled her eyes behind her red-framed glasses, but
she didn't say anything. Or shove her. Or move.

"How's the newspaper going?" Nanako asked.

"Same as it has been. Just me, doing everything by myself, spending so much time working
on one edition that by the time I get around to actually printing and distributing it, most of the
news is old and nobody cares."

"I'm sure it's not as bad as all that."

"Did you read the last edition?" she asked, turning to face Nanako, looking at her dead in the
eyes.

"...no. But that has nothing to do with the quality of the newspaper, I just am...busy."

"Gardening, right?"

"Mm," Nanako said with a nod. She supposed that the only official activity she did at school
was the gardening club with Haru. It would make sense that she was developing something of
a reputation for it.

"Don't be weirded out, I was told to print all the club names and their members in one of the
pages," Yuzu said by way of explanation.

"I wasn't weirded out."

"Oh."

They sat in silence for a couple of more minutes, then got off the train together and started
the walk up the hill towards the extravagant mansion where Yuzu lived and where Mei
awaited.



"She missed you, you know," Yuzu said as they walked.

"Mei?"

"Yeah. She won't admit it, of course, but I can tell. She drops your name into conversations
and she asks Aki when he'll be out late next again, that sort of thing."

"Oh, that makes me sad. I feel bad I haven't been able to spend as much time with her lately,
I've been pretty busy."

"Yes. Gardening."

That was a second time Yuzu brought up the gardening, and now Nanako felt like she had to
be on a high alert. Did she know something? Nanako didn't know her well enough to know if
she was any good at being an investigative reporter. Just because she might be looking into
the Phantom Thieves didn't mean that she could find anything. I mean, how could she, right?

Maybe she was just irritated. With Nanako having been so busy, it would logically follow
that Yuzu might have had to do more caring for Mei.

They arrived at the front door. Nanako let Yuzu open it, and the two walked in. The sound of
the piano flowed through the air. Nanako could immediately hear the difference in her
playing. It was more mature than she last heard it. It was still very technical and precise, but
there were moments here and there, flashes of beauty that transcended it to another level.

Nanako stepped to the threshold of the living room. Mei was partially facing away from her,
so she kept playing for several more bars, until she flubbed a run with her left hand. She
scowled, balled her left hand into a fist, unclenched it, then set it back on the keys to attempt
it again. Again her fingers tripped, and she stopped, trying again, this time with only the left
hand. A third time she failed and let out a frustrated grunt.

"You've gotten a lot better Mei-chan," Nanako said. She watched as Mei's shoulders raised
and she drew in a gasp. She looked excited. But then there was a deliberate breath, a visible
forcing down the excitement.

"You've neglected your duties as my caretaker for too long," she said in her most serious
voice. Nanako smiled, but then pressed it into a line when Mei turned around. She gave a
dramatic bow to the young lady.

"My most humble apologies, Lady Mei. I shall endeavor to do better. How might I earn your
forgiveness?"

"Prepare a snack. And explain where you've been."

Nanako headed to the kitchen with young Mei trailing quickly behind her. As she looked
through the cupboards, she thought. She had to be more careful with what she told Mei. She
was very astute, and the more time they spent together, the more she seemed to be picking up
on Nanako's mannerisms. She'd be able to tell if she were lying.



More importantly, Nanako felt it difficult to lie to her. It didn't feel right. Mei trusted her with
the sincerity that Nanako trusted Yu at that age, and lying to her would-

Nanako gripped onto the edge of the cupboard as a dozen images flashed through her head -
the glowing beautiful world, the massive shadow, Yu wearing his Yasogami High uniform,
calling out Personae. It made her dizzy, but it passed.

...okay, so she really was still carrying around some baggage of the past. All the more reason
not to lie to her.

"I got a boyfriend," Nanako said.

"Oh. I see. The boy you were thinking about when you played Moonlight Sonata."

"Nothing gets by you, does it Mei-chan?" Nanako arranged some crackers on a plate and
pushed them towards Mei, then got out a knife and an apple and began slicing. Mei crunched,
but she was deep in thought.

"That is a bit disappointing."

"I'm sorry I didn't make more time for you-"

"Not that," Mei interrupted. "That it will require me to fall in love in order to play with the
emotion you did."

Nanako finished slicing the apple and set it on the plate with the crackers, then sat next to
Mei at the table.

"You know, I have a friend who is a painter. It's his entire life, and it has been since he was
young. He is always trying to find the best way to capture beauty, to inspire deep feelings
within others."

"Is that your boyfriend?"

"No, no, just a friend. But he's very good. He might even be famous someday...but I don't
think that matters much to him. I think he is just looking to express to others what he sees. He
sees art in everything, even when the rest of us don't."

Mei crunched an apple.

"What does that have to do with anything?"

"I'm not sure, to be honest. You just remind me of him, trying to perfect your piano. I wonder
if you're the same way, trying to get us all to hear what you hear in your head."

The plate clattered as Mei dropped the piece of half-eaten apple. Nanako flinched, looking
over in concern, then confusion, then curiosity. Nanako had struck a chord, and Mei, mature
as she was, was having difficulty processing this with her young mind.

Suddenly she frowned and crossed her arms.



"I do not like how you get into my head, Nanako."

"Sorry. I tend to have that effect on people."

They spent the rest of the time listening to Mei's favorite pianists.

--

SOCIAL LINK RANK UP

Priestess: Mei and Yuzu Noriaki

Level 3



Chapter 375: 7/10 - ?????
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

"Ann-chan, what boy do you like?"

Ann remembered this. She was 13 years old when Sachiko Tachibana asked the question.
Loudly, so that the answer could be pondered, discussed, and dissected by their friends.

She didn't have an answer. Yes, she was 13, yes everyone else around her seemed to be going
boy-crazy, but she just didn't feel it yet. But she had to have an answer. She had to fit in on as
many levels as she could, because there were too many where she couldn't.

She scanned across the athletic field. She had to pick someone safe. Someone that wouldn't
blow this out of proportion if it got to them. But also someone that would be approved by the
group. But not someone everyone else liked, because then she'd be a target. These friends
surrounding her would become her enemy.

There. That one. Running around the track at an impressive clip.

"I think Ryuji is kinda cute," Ann said.

"Sakamoto?" Sachiko said in a tone that told Ann immediately that she had made a mistake.

The girls laughed. Ann wasn't sure if she should laugh or get mad, or she just froze in place
while her porcelain white skin betrayed her with the brightest of blushes.

"Well, what can you expect out of Ann?"

Oh no.

"Right? I mean look at her, she's so different than the rest of us."

Here it comes. Now they would recite the litany of differences. Her skin. Her height. Her
hair. Her eyes. Her body shape.

"You can't expect someone with all that blue fur to think like the rest of us."

What?

Oh.

That's right, Ann thought to herself.

I'm a bear now.



~

The more Ann thought about it, the more she realized it wouldn't be so bad to be a bear,
moving forward. As her friends had said, how could she be like the rest of them? She was a
bear, after all. No one would ever question anything she did or said or thought or wore.

Why is Ann eating so much at lunch? Well of course she is, she's a bear.

Ann dresses so differently than the rest of us. Obviously, she probably orders them special so
they fit over her big round head.

Even her parents couldn't be disappointed.

Why aren't your grades better? What are you going to do with your life? Why do you never
bring any nice boyfriends home?

How could I, mother? How could I, father?

I'm a bear.

~

Middle school ended. High school arrived. The friend group broke up. Ann went to Shujin.

Sachiko did not.

But Ann was still a bear. And it was pretty bearable. She didn't have a lot of friends, but she
still had Shiho. She didn't need anyone else, really. At least as a bear, people didn't bother
whispering about her.

Why whisper about something so blatantly obvious? Everyone could see she was a bear. You
can't hold a bear to the same standards of everyone else.

"I don't mind that you're a bear," Shiho would tell Ann at least once a week. "But you don't
have to be, if you don't want."

"Yes I do, I'm a bear."

"You are a bear, yes. For now. But you could stop being a bear, if you wanted."

Ann didn't understand what Shiho was saying.

~

There were some downsides to being a bear.

Children either screamed and ran or tried to hug you.

Eating was difficult.

Tokyo was designed for people, not bears. Subways, stairways, taxis, they were always the
wrong shape.



And it was really hot. And itchy. And hot.

All the time.

Sometimes Ann wanted to crawl out of the bear. Sometimes she'd find herself wondering
what it would be like to be a person, like a newborn babe out in the world.

But having a body would mean having to be judged the same.

~

Sometimes, Ann would just sit there and be a bear, letting the sound of the world pass over
her. When she did that, the world didn't seem to make a lot of sense. She and her friends
would talk about murders. And a teacher that she didn't recognize. And a TV world. It
seemed familiar, but different, like seeing someone on the subway that you think is your
friend, but then you realize it isn't once you get close enough to see their face.

~

"I wish we could kiss," Shiho told her one day.

And that was it.

Ann couldn't be a bear anymore. Bears didn't kiss Shiho. Only a person could kiss Shiho.
And that desire to kiss Shiho, to hold her, to love her was greater than all of her fear. She
would train. Day in. Day out. When sensei and the others were living life, she would train
until she got a body.

With a body, she could score with Chie-chan and Yuki-chan.

Wait.

Who?

Chie? Yuki?

No, Chie is Nanako's friend. Not her friend. And she didn't want to "score" with her, she
wanted Shiho, and...

 

Ann sat up in bed, drenched in sweat.

She rolled to her side and threw up on the floor.

Chapter End Notes

This will make sense eventually.






Chapter 376: 7/10 - Morning
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

"I'm so cold, why is it so cold, it's July..." Ann whined, pulling up her duvet to beneath her
chin.

"You have a fever," Nanako said, pulling them back down. "You need to get your temperature
*down*."

"Noooo..."

Ann shivered, but didn't protest any more. It was bad enough that Nanako was spending her
Saturday morning wearing a mask and wearing elbow-length rubber gloves. She was even
wearing a headscarf. Her room smelled like cleaning supplies.

Deftly, Nanako grabbed a wet cloth from a shallow bowl, squeezed out the excess water, and
draped it on Ann's forehead.

"Sorry about this...you should go, I'm fine."

"You are not fine, you don't have anyone to take care of you, so I'm here." Nanako said.
"Though this is a weird time of year to get the flu."

"You really think it's the fur-lu?"

"You have a terrible fever, I don't know what else it could be. But don't worry, I'm sure the
medicine will kick in soon."

Ann lay back and shut her eyes.

Some time passed.

She awoke from her own thrashing. The covers were too hot, now, and she had to get them
off. The cloth on her forehead was dry. Her pajama top was stifling too, so she stripped that
off and reached down to her floor to scoop up the first t-shirt she could find. Her hand hit
bare carpet. She leaned over a little more, trying again. More carpet.

"Huh?"

She leaned over. Her whole floor was empty.

"Nanako!"

Nanako stampeded to Ann's bedroom, calling out "Ann are you okay?!"

"Where are my clothes?"



"Oh. Uh. I just tidied up a bit while you were asleep. Surprise!...?"

Ann felt too tired to complain, so she just laid back and muttered "Shirt me."

Nanako brought her a white T-shirt, which she sat up long enough to slip on. She also
grabbed her tangled hair and rolled it into the messiest of buns.

"Looks like your fever broke. Are you hungry? I've been making okay."

"That actually sounds pretty good, thank you."

"Do you want to eat it here, or at the table?"

Ann swung her legs off the bed and tested them. She felt strong enough.

"Table, please."

Nanako rushed off back to the kitchen. Ann stopped at the toilet before joining Nanako at the
table. By the time she sat down and had the first spoonful, she was feeling a lot more human.

"What time is it?" She asked between bites.

"A little after 1 in the afternoon."

"Seriously? I've been asleep that long? You've been here that long?"

"Well I did leave a bit to get ingredients. But I didn't mind, it really gave me a chance to tidy
up."

"You can't help yourself can you?"

"I really can't, do you think I need therapy?"

They laughed. Then Nanako got up.

"Shoot, I just remembered, wait here."

She returned a minute later with Ann's phone in hand. It was already dialing out.

"What are you-?"

The phone suddenly connected to video call.

"Babe, are you okay?" Shiho asked. She was laying in her bed in the hospital. "Nanako called
me earlier. I've been so worried."

"I'm fine," Ann said, trying to hide her horror. She could see herself in the tiny corner screen.
Her hair was worse than she realized and without makeup she looked like a ghost on the
video call. Not exactly how she wanted to be seen by her lady love. "Nanako has been taking
care of me."



"I know. I owe her. It should be me."

"Oh stop that. I know you would be here if you could."

Ann watched the pained expression on Shiho's face. She also looked really sweaty.

"Are you feeling okay? You look a little worn out too."

"Oh. Well when I heard you were sick I was so mad that I could go there that I worked extra
hard today at physical therapy."

Ann smiled. "That's very heroic. And kinda sexy."

"Ann..." Shiho blushed. "Can Nanako hear us?"

Ann glanced up. Nanako immediately turned around and pretended to be doing something in
the kitchen.

"Not at all. Besides, that's tame compared to some of the things I want to say to you. And do
to you."

"G-geez, Ann."

"Just keep working on getting better, okay? I'm glad you were worried about me, but I'm
feeling good now. I must have just eaten something bad."

"Okay."

"And if you're good...maybe I can tell you a little bit more about what I've been dreaming
up..."

"I mean...like...only if you're feeling up to it, okay? I love this sexy thing you're doing, but
don't do it just so that I won't worry."

"I promise. I'll call you again later okay?"

"After 7 is good for me."

"Okay, it's a phone date. Love you."

"Love you too."

Ann hung up.

"Damn girl, I need you to teach me," Nanako said.

"Stop," Ann said, suddenly embarrassed.

"Seriously, I'm going to write that down."

"You seem to be doing fine all on your own."



Pi pi pi

"In fact, is that your lover boy now?"

Nanako checked her phone, then immediately set it down. "No, it's my bro and his friends.
We have a birthday thing tonight."

"Oh, that's nice."

Nanako sat back down. Ann ate more okayu. It tasted like stability.

"I super appreciate all this Nanako, but you can go now. I'm fine, really. I don't feel sick at all
now. No idea what got into me. Maybe I'm getting my period early or something."

"Okay, only if you're sure. If you feel bad again, you need to call me."

"I will. But I mean I slept forever, and I didn't even have a freaky dream this time."

"What was it about?"

"That I was a bear. But not like a real bear, that weird bear suit I wore. And for some reason I
didn't have a real body inside the suit, but I really wanted to grow one. And then I was talking
about murder and wanting to hook up with Yuki-chan."

"Yuki-chan?"

"Yeah, weird right? I don't know any Yukis."

"Yeah. Weird." Nanako got up and started to gather her things. "I'll be off then. Text me later,
please."

"Will do. Thanks again, bestie."

Nanako looked like she wanted to hug it out, then thought better of it. She just made a heart
at Ann with her fingers, then stepped through the apartment door.

It seemed to Ann like Nanako's kindness had increased.

Chapter End Notes

Okay, so I've been trying to figure out why this thing takes me longer to update than it
used to - other than you know the general fact that my life is different now than the three
and a half years ago that I started it. And I realized one of the problems is trying to
remember everything I've written before!

Now you would think that as the author, I would know the whole thing inside and out,
especially since I've re-read it all twice. But the problem is that I get things mixed up



between what I wrote, a different version of something I came up with and didn't write,
and things I want to write in the future. And so I find myself trying to make references
or ending up in endless loop searches throughout the text trying to verify something I
wrote before.

(A major problem with this is that early on I was using Scrivener and now I'm not, and I
can't search the old files so I have to go through the downloaded pdf and yeah.)

Anyway, I've decided that I'm just gonna GO FOR IT. And if I super mess something up
with continuity, you guys can just tell me and then I'll fix it. That way I stop spending so
much time verifying, and you guys get more chapters faster.

Deal? Deal.



Chapter 377: 7/10 - Evening

"Sorry we're just doing this here. Seems a little too low-key considering who we are
celebrating," Yu said as he unloaded bottles out of the grocery bag and onto the dining room
table. Yosuke slapped his hand on Yu's shoulder and gave it a squeeze.

"It's all good, bro. It's...well, you know."

Yosuke didn't finish what he really wanted to say. It was the thing they all wanted to say, and
had been wanting to say for years now.

Celebrating Teddie's birthday when he wasn't here felt downright morbid.

"If anyone has anything to be sorry about it's me," Yukiko said, her voice being squeezed
through the small speakers of Rise's tablet. "I feel like I'm betraying him."

"Oh, please," Chie said. "Not even Teddie would've made you come out here in your
condition."

"I'm pregnant, not dying."

"I believe the petty aphorism that fits here is 'it's the thought that counts," Naoto said.

They silently agreed to that while they set up the food. In the background, Yukiko's kids were
laughing and chasing each other around, while Tadao wrangled them. Nanako was in charge
of putting up the balloons and the party banner that said "Happy Birthday Teddie!"

It was the same one they used last year.

Just as they were setting out the last of the takeout, the tablet on the table chimed again. Rise
deftly tapped across the screen, and the screen split in half, showing Kanji, his workshop
behind him.

"Sorry I'm late, I lost track of time."

"No worries," Rise said. "We're just about to start, actually."

They all sat around the dining room table, Yu at the head, Yosuke at his right, Rise at his left.
Next to Yosuke was Chie, then Naoto, then Nanako, the circle closing with the tablet with
Yukiko and Kanji's faces on it.

Last year they had left an empty seat for him, but they had also been back in Inaba, and Yu
and Rise had already struggled to get enough chairs to fit around their table. Yu had, in turn,
had to struggle to prevent Rise from buying an entirely new dining set.

Yu picked up his drink - a bottle of inexpensive beer that Teddie had grown way too fond of
before his disappearance. It was probably the worst tasting beer made in all of Japan, but



there was never any accounting for why Teddie liked what he liked. Everyone lifted the same,
except for Yukiko, who had a cup of tea, and Nanako, who had a mineral water.

"To our friend Teddie...wherever you are, we want you to come back soon and tell us all
about your journey. Happy Birthday."

"Happy Birthday," everyone said, clinking their bottles together, everyone doing their best to
make it not sound like a memorial service.

There was a lot of eating and catching up, mostly from Chie, who had apparently been
involved somehow with the recent dust-up with that criminal, Kaneshiro. Yukiko shared more
about her most recent meeting with the new bank and the possibility of opening a Tokyo-
based Amagi Inn. Kanji was "collabing" with some big-something-or-other crafts influencer
from Norway. Yu had no idea what he was talking about, but Rise seemed excited for him
about it, which was usually a good sign.

Naoto was still hunting Phantom Thieves and had nothing much else to say on the matter.

Yosuke went on and on about how different teaching in Tokyo was compared back home to
Inaba.

Yu didn't say much. Everyone was doing a really good job of not-noticing that he wasn't
saying much.

He was still the leader. He was supposed to set the tone to the party, to make ridiculous
comments, come up with dumb ideas, create borderline-embarrassing contests that would
involve costumes. At least, that's what Teddie's birthday parties had been about before. They
had been extravagant. Decadent, at least in the way that he understood decadence.

Yu just didn't see the point if Teddie wasn't here to enjoy it. The fact he had that thought at all
weighed on him. Did he really believe that? And if he did, then how long would it be until he
didn't see the point of doing the party at all?

That made him want to push through and force himself to do it. But every time he tried, he
felt a force pushing back at him. When he breathed, it felt like fire ants were pouring into his
lungs. His hands felt like they were filled with metal.

"Hey, Nanako, are you okay?" Chie suddenly said. Yu broke out of his thoughts and looked
up at her. She had hardly touched her food, and she looked horribly pale.

"Sorry...I'm not feeling that great, to be honest. I was over helping Ann earlier, and she was
sick...maybe I got it."

"Come on, let's take your temperature," Yu said, getting up. She waved him away as she
stood up.

"No, it's fine. I'm just going to go to bed. You guys keep having fun."

"You're sure?" Yu asked. "I can get some medicine or..."



"Good night everyone."

There was a chorus of goodnights.

Yu returned to his reverie. He hardly drank even a quarter of the beer and when it got warm
and sour, he took it to the sink and poured it out. When he set the bottle on the counter, he felt
familiar arms sliding around him.

"You okay?" Rise whispered.

"Yeah," he said.

She kissed the back of his neck, which gave him goosebumps all across his body.

"You can let your true self show, you know. You don't always have to be the leader. We all
have each other's back, you know that. Look."

She released him and he turned to see Yosuke was telling some story about Teddie. Everyone
was laughing.

"I still feel the weight of it, sometimes."

"I know. We know. And there's a lot of comfort knowing that when we feel like everything is
crazy that you're going to come in and try and save us, whether it's reasonable or not. But we
can carry you, too. Especially me."

He leaned down and kissed her. He wanted to rush and get the ring hidden away in the other
room and propose to her right then and there. But she deserved to have her own date.

He rejoined the party feeling less guilty but not much more able to lead the merriment. He let
Yosuke and Rise take the lead.

"I think we have to talk about how uncomfortably hot Teddie was in that Alice in
Wonderland dress," Yosuke blurted out. There was a collective gasp-laugh.

"Finally willing to admit it, eh?" Kanji said from the other side of the tablet. "You know I'm
gonna tell him."

"Fine, fine, tell him. I'm comfortable in my sexuality now, I can admit when a guy looks hot
when they're presenting themselves in a traditionally feminine way," Yosuke said, slugging
back his beer.

"You've really made some progress," Kanji said. "Proud of you."

And as always, they told the story.

The day Teddie got his body.

Ten years ago to the day, he had pulled off his head and showed his blonde locks. He had
"trained" somehow, motivated by "scoring" with Yukiko and Chie and pretty much everyone



alive. He drank. He ate. He got dressed and picked out that ridiculous carnation.

They all added what they remembered and they laughed. For a few moments, they were all
16 again, sitting in the Junes food court.

After that, the evening started to wind down when Yukiko signed off at 9. Kanji wasn't far
behind. Rise, always a bit of a sleepy drinker, started to yawn at 9:45, and said her good
nights. Chie, Yosuke, and Naoto were all that were left. They helped Yu scrape plates and
store leftovers. Yosuke found the bottles of the good whisky and insisted they do one drink.
Yu managed to talk him into sipping rather than just shooting it down. Yu felt oddly
sophisticated rolling the ice cube around in the glass.

"You two were awfully quiet," Chie said, speaking the unspoken. Yosuke nodded and pointed
at Naoto.

"She's always quiet on this day. But you seem shaken, bro."

Yu glanced at Naoto. It was true, she had hardly said more than two syllables at a time. But
Yu knew why. They all knew why.

She felt like she should have found him by now.

"You're incredible, Naoto, but you're only human," Chie said. "You have to stop holding this
as your fault."

"I know," she said. "I know the truth. I don't have enough information. I need something else.
Anything else, just one more piece of information. And then I know...I just know..."

"Someday, it'll happen," Yosuke said. "I know it. And what about you?"

Yu shut his eyes. His concentration had to wade ankle deep in a swill of sour beer and fine
whisky, but he could still hold onto his thoughts. He knew instinctively that he wasn't feeling
guilty. This was something else. Heavy and slippery and repulsive, like someone had filled
his veins with motor oil and lit it on fire.

Strangely, it was like he had felt this way before. But when?

"I don't know. I feel bad about Teddie, I won't lie about that. I'm just feeling off. Maybe I'm
getting whatever Nanako has."

They finished the drinks and Yu walked them out of the apartment. He even rode the elevator
down to the street and walked them to the station, hoping that the night air, the energy of
Shibuya, and moving around would help clear out whatever was weighing inside him.

It didn't.

Even after he had dropped everyone at the station, he walked back slowly, stopping
inexplicably at a small side street, the kind that was one-way, barely wide enough for a car.
He must have walked past that street hundreds of times since coming to live in Shibuya and



he had never stopped at it before. It wasn't particularly interesting. Just plain walls and plain
asphalt, the epitome of liminal space.

He stood there and waited.

He remembered when he felt this way before.

Over ten years ago, after a handshake at a gas station.

He waited for a limousine to pull up at this side street. It was the perfect kind of place for it to
pull up. After a few minutes, he took a deep breath.

"Igor," he said. The word felt heavy on his tongue. He hasn't said it aloud...had he ever said it
aloud? He wasn't sure right now. Memory felt like a dream and dreams felt like memories.

Nothing came.

It didn't really surprise him. Igor had always done things in his own time, according to the
moves and counter moves of the opponent. Their time together was over, and it Yu really
thought about it he wasn't sure if he considered Igor a friend in any sense of the word.

But there was someone he did.

"Margaret, can I get a lift?"

He waited.

Nothing.

He tried again.

Nothing.

Her silence hurt him.

Just as be was about to call her again, he felt his pocket vibrate. Rise, wondering where he
was. He shook his head and crossed over the street, texting her back.

He'd be home soon.



Chapter 378: 7/11 - Afternoon

All of Nanako's symptoms had cleared up by morning, which she was incredibly relieved
about. Luckily, Ann's had too, as she had called sounding more chipper than ever, planning
on heading to the hospital as soon as they allowed visitors.

Maybe they had just needed rest. Nanako had to remind herself that Kaneshiro had been their
most difficult, most dangerous target yet. And Nanako had probably died at least once.

But the idea of sitting around the apartment didn't feel right. She texted around, finding that
Ren was busy at LeBlanc all day, but they made plans to go out to Kichijoji that evening.

So she and Ryuji went to Inokashira park.

"Two people are responsible for August and July having 31 days. Who are they?" Nanako
asked as they strode quickly past an old granny taking a toddler for a stroll. Ryuji groaned,
again.

"Why do you keep quizzing me..."

"Because we have final exams and as we have figured out you're a kinesthetic learner, so if
you study while walking you'll remember it by associating what you learned with where we
are in the park. Plus you're not so fidgety now that we are walking."

"Mm. Well. I guess. I can't believe you spent all that time making those study cards on your
phone for this."

"I didn't, I had them already, I always make a backup version of my study cards on my
phone."

"Backup?"

"Yeah, I prefer to use physical flashcards, but carrying those around at all times is
cumbersome, so I create a digital backup so I can study on the go!"

Ryuji's slump somehow got slumpier.

"If that's what it takes to be smart, I think I'll stay stupid."

"You're not stupid, you have to stop saying that."

"Fine," he said with a huff. "It all just feels...pointless and faraway."

"What does? University? Jobs?"

"Yeah. Like even if I do all that, I'd probably be miserable...but if I don't turn in to that guy,
then how am I ever gonna..."



Ryuji shut his mouth so hard that Nanako could hear his teeth clatter together. Nanako took a
glance and saw that he was frowning, his jaw clenched, as if he was in some serious turmoil.

"What's wrong?"

"Nothing."

"How are you 'ever gonna' what? Finish that sentence."

"I said it's nothing, all right? It's just...me being stupid."

"I said-"

"Not stupid like that. Just...you'd figure that like, my heart or whatever would know better,
right? Like I just said living like that, as a salaryman working at some corporation forever,
that would be horrifying for me. I feel like I'd have to numb myself to pretty much everything
in order to survive. So you'd think that my heart would have enough sense to...you know,
seek something similar."

Nanako gasped.

"You're in love with Makoto."

Ryuji turned a deep scarlet and scowled down at his feet.

"Love is a pretty strong word. I gotta thing for her, that's all. And it's stupid."

"Why?"

"Because she needs a stand-up guy. Someone that's gonna provide stability for her, someone
that has ambition, someone that's gonna fit into society and shit. Not me. She's never gonna
go for it, so I just gotta grit my teeth and wait for my dumbass to stop feeling things for her."

"Ryuji, this is absolutely heartbreaking," Nanako said, her heart feeling like it was being
pulled by a weight and a counterweight of sadness and excitement, lurching from one end of
her ribcage to the other.

"It's nothing."

"It's not nothing! Firstly, you deserve love just like everyone else, okay? You don't earn love
by doing well in school or being the right kind of person that can provide. That's all society
stuff that's being pushed onto us."

"Being able to feed yourself is kinda important, Nanako."

"Yeah but that's not for a while. You have a lot of time to figure it out. And furthermore,
you're over-judging Makoto here a bit, don't you think?"

"Eh? What do you mean?"



"I mean that you're assuming those are the things she wants or needs in a romantic
relationship. But you don't know that. You're still treating her like the straight-laced, rule-
following class president. But we know she's not like that. Or at least, not JUST like that.
She's also the badass biker chick that wanted justice so badly she literally broke laws."

"Whether she's the baddass biker or the class president, what do I have to offer her?"

"Loyalty, kindness, humor, sincerity, passion," Nanako listed immediately. "All the things
that make you a wonderful friend and teammate. And maybe that's all she needs and wants.
Plus you're pretty cute in a sort of bad-boy way."

"I...geez..." words tripped around Ryuji's mouth, falling onto the edges of his teeth and falling
dismembered out of his lips.

"You have a real self-esteem issue here. You think you're stupid and worthless, and we need
to really fix that. You need to see the value in yourself that other people see in you."

"It's uh...it's not always been easy for me. And it's not like people are lining up to tell me this
kinda stuff."

"Well that's a problem and I'm fixing it. And you're going to do well on your exams - at least
enough to get you into a university, if you want it. And you're going to feel worthy of having
an attraction to Makoto, even if you never do anything with it. You should be allowed to feel
things and want things without cutting yourself down for it first."

They walked a few minutes. Ryuji sighed.

"Thanks, Nanako."

--

SOCIAL LINK RANK UP

Emperor: Ryuji Sakamoto

Level 5



Chapter 379: 7/11 - Evening

"Is this boring?" Ren asked. Nanako looked up at him from her nestled position in his arms.
The two of them were in his room, sitting on the couch, watching Ren's old CRT TV with a
DVD player.

"What do you mean?"

"I just mean...I said I wanted to go on a date with you, but we're sitting here watching TV. I
feel like it's not really...date-like."

"We can kiss some more if you want," Nanako said, batting her eyelashes. He grinned and
blushed at the same time, which he thought was adorable.

"That's...I mean I wouldn't say no. But that's not what I was hinting at. I just..."

"I'm having a great time," Nanako said honestly. "I love TV. I love you. I love relaxing on a
cozy Sunday night."

He nodded, but he didn't feel settled.

"Look, I don't know how to do this either," Nanako said. "You're my first boyfriend. We've
only been together four days. There'll be lots of time for...you know, that stuff."

She motioned at the TV, where the main characters were sitting in a rowboat on a creek,
beautifully lit by lanterns in the evening. It was a warm summer night, the moon was bright,
and the two leads were definitely going to confess their love to each other.

"But that's all a teen drama. It's not real."

"We're teens. And I like drama. Or at least, the dramatic," Ren countered.

"True. If you want to rent a rowboat, you go right ahead. But also know that I'm just happy
being by your side."

He squeezed his arm around her shoulders and she nestled her face against his chest and
breathed him in.

"Have you told your family yet?"

"About us? Not yet. I will. But...not yet."

Nanako could feel Ren's chin nodding on the top of her head.

"How do you think they'll take it?"

"Mm. I've been thinking about that. I mean...I basically told my parents I was coming here
for you. So I don't think they'll be surprised. My dad...well, he's my dad. He's protective. He



probably doesn't love that you have a criminal record, whether you deserve it or not..."

"So he's going to hate me."

"No. If he hated you, he wouldn't have let me come out here. In the end, he trusts me. He
questions a lot, but...I think he's just making sure I've thought of everything. But deep down,
if I chose you, he'll respect that."

He nodded again.

"It's cute that you're this worrie about it."

"Of course I am. I know how much your family means to you. If I want to be in your life, I
have to be accepted."

"And you will be. Just be yourself. They'll see all the great things I see."

Ren finally did relax - as much as he ever does. There seemed to always be a cat-like tautness
to him, ready to pounce at a moment's notice.

A question floated around aimlessly within Nanako's mind, like a goldfish looking around the
borders of its bowl. Then, like that same fish wondering if they could jump out, she said it.

"What about your family? What will they think of me?"

The cat tensed in the presence of the goldfish.

"I...I mean, if you don't want to answer that, I-"

"They'll love you," he said. The cat devoured the goldfish. As way of apology, she slipped
her hand into his, interlacing the fingers, then leaned her head up towards him, half-closing
her eyes.

He leaned down and kissed her.

Nanako felt a bit more charming.



Chapter 380: 7/12 - Morning
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

It wasn't that Kawakami-sensei's lecture was boring.

It just felt...irrelevant.

And of course she was going to really regret it when she was reviewing for exams later.
School just wasn't a priority anymore. Now it was an...obligation.

No, Nanako, she told herself. You can do this. Just focus on what she's saying. Take some
notes. Get back into the groove.

She flipped open her notebook, and only then realized it was the wrong one. Not only was it
the wrong notebook for the class, it was the wrong notebook for the school - this one was
from when she was back at Yasogami. The covers were similar, so she must have scooped the
wrong one this morning.

Figures. She was so unfocused that she couldn't even gather the right materials.

She leafed through the pages, looking for blank page, when she came across something.

Things that are important.

It was the list she made right before she had met Ren.

Number five was still blank.

She looked over her list. Dad. Mom. Big bro. Big bro's friends. It felt like the list of a child.
Her list had so many more names to put on it now. Ann, Ryuji, Yusuke, Makoto, Haru, Mei,
Sano.

Ren.

Where would Ren go?

Number three?

Number one...?

For now, she marked his name in the blank of number five. She could make another list later,
but for now, it felt nice to make that list complete. It was like checking off the final tick box.

"What do you think, Dojima?" Kawakami asked. Nanako shut her notebook and sat up
straight. She looked around - at the board, at the other students, at Ren and Ann, looking for
something to grip onto.



"I...uh..."

Kawakami sighed.

"I don't know where your brain is, Dojima, but it needs to be here. Exams are coming."

"Yes, Ms. Kawakami."

She bit her lip and forced herself to concentrate.

And ignore the whispers and giggles of her classmates.

Chapter End Notes

Hi.



Chapter 381: 7/12 - After School
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Nanako Dojima - girlfriend, best friend, Phantom Thief.

Despite that, she found herself alone after school. Ren and Ann both had work today, Ryuji
said he needed to help his mom with something, Makoto was busy with class president
things, and Yusuke had additional art lessons this afternoon. Nanako had then checked in
with Haru, who was apparently tied up with some family stuff.

So she went to the school library.

Exams were approaching, after all, and she really did need to get on studying. Her focus there
was slipping, and she still needed to do well. After all, it wasn't like Phantom Thief was a
career. She still had to do something with her life, and the better her grades were, the more
options she would have.

She opened her notebook.

She read a page.

She read it again when she realized that she didn't really read it the first time.

She read it one more time.

She sighed and closed the notebook and fished her phone out of her bag and opened up her
internet browser. She had remembered there was a technique about tomatoes that somehow
was supposed to help people study when they couldn't concentrate, what the heck was that
called?

She searched. Then searched something else. Then a thought popped into her head.

Fuuka Yamagishi.

She told Kotone she would try and help her, but she had no idea who she was or what kind of
help she was supposed to offer her. Nanako cleared the search bar and put her name in. The
first result loaded up.

GANYMEDE PROTECTION SYSTEMS.

Nanako tapped on it. A professional portrait loaded up showing a young woman with teal
blue hair and a formal business suit.

"ABOUT OUR CEO" the page said. Nanako's eyes widened, but she started reading on.



Fuuka Yamagishi is a top graduate of Tokyo University, receiving a double degree in
Computer Science and Computer Security. She worked briefly for the Japanese
government and was praised for her innovations in improving security for government
databases. Soon after she created Ganymede Protection Systems to offer cybersecurity
services for all.



Ms. Yamagishi's vision is to create a world where people can use computers without risk
of data being stolen or manipulated for evil gains.

There wasn't much else about Fuuka on the Ganymede website - it was all about their
services. Nanako tried to find her through social media websites, but didn't find anything. She
supposed that made sense that someone in computer security and data privacy wouldn't use a
lot of social media. Nanako tried searching for about the company. A news article from
January popped up.

Ganymede Protection Systems announces today that it will be providing cyber security
analysis and protective systems for the top 3 banks in Japan. Tokohiro Masasura,
President of Tokyo International Bank, issued this statement: "Ganymede Protection's
previous work with the Japanese government is renowned for its effectiveness and we
are pleased that our customers can rest easy knowing that their data is safer than ever."

Nanako skimmed through the rest of the article, noting that the other two banks also made
statements. The context was apparently that all three of the banks had recently had some data
breaches and were looking for a way to reassure their customers that things were okay. And
apparently Fuuka Yamagishi and her computer expertise was exactly what was called for.

The article also said that the contract was likely worth billions of yen.

Nanako set her phone on the table and cradled her chin in her hand. What the heck was she
supposed to do with this? It seemed like Fuuka was doing fine - she had a successful
company that was making quite a bit of money. Were the problems personal in nature? She
supposed that if she had been told to help Akihiko she wouldn't have found much through an
internet search either. She would need to meet Fuuka and see if she could figure out what was
going on.

But how? She couldn't call and ask for an appointment for Cybersecurity. And if she just
showed up at the company, they'd probably turn her away.

Could she ask Akihiko to help? They knew each other, after all. But Nanako didn't really
know Akihiko, she'd have to ask Chie. But what excuse would she possibly give for that?

Nanako squeezed her eyes shut in frustration. How was she supposed to do this? What kind
of person could just go up to a stranger and ask a bunch of questions?

Her eyes shot open.

Of course. That kind of person.



She gathered all of her things and quickly left the library and started checking the rooms on
the third floor, until she found one tiny room that was empty.

Empty except for one person.

"Oh, there you are!" Nanako said cheerily. "I was hoping to run into you."

Yuzu Noriaki looked up from her computer, confused.

"You...were?"

"Yes. I want to join the newspaper."

"What?"

"This is a club, isn't it?" Nanako said, sliding out a chair and sitting down across from Yuzu.
"You are the president aren't you?"

"Well, yeah-"

"And you're always complaining you're understaffed, right? So here I am. Staff."

Yuzu slowly closed the lid of her laptop, narrowing her eyes from behind her red-rimmed
glasses.

"...what's your angle, Dojima?"

"No angle. Just want to help. And I mean, I need to start thinking about my future, right? My
brother is a journalist, and he seems to like it, so I was thinking about giving it a try to see if I
take to it."

Yuzu let a silence stretch between them for a few beats before she spoke.

"Why now?"

"Why not?"

"I just find the timing weird. You've heard me talk about these things for a while and only
now you're interested in joining."

"I told you, I've been thinking about the future. I mean, we have final exams coming, and
then before you know it, our 2nd year will be over and then we're going to be staring at the
rest of our futures. And while I enjoy gardening, it's not like that's going to be my career. I
need to discover who I am and what I can do. But if you really don't want anyone to help
you..."

Nanako made a move to stand, but Yuzu reached out her hand.

"No. No, sorry, I don't know why I got so weird about that. I'm just...not used to people
wanting to help me. What do you want to write about?"



"I...was thinking about doing an article on a tech entrepreneur. Maybe interview her. Like...a
series on successful women in Japan," Nanako said, surprising herself with every word that
came out of her mouth.

"Oh, that's an interesting idea."

"Yeah, I mean, sure things are better for women in this country, but I feel like we have a long
way to go. So maybe highlighting some of these women will inspire our fellow classmates."

"Huh. Yeah, okay, that is a good story. But I'll also need some help with some of the other
grunt work around here. The principal still wants the boring stuff done, like sports scores and
student opinion on the cafeteria food."

"Right, yeah, of course," Nanako said. She wasn't sure how she was going to fit that in with
everything else, but writing some basic information down into a computer couldn't be that
hard. "So...do I have the job?"

Yuzu extended her hand.

"Welcome aboard, Probationary Junior Contributor Dojima."

Nanako wasn't sure about all the qualifiers in the job title, but she shook her hand anyway.

Chapter End Notes

Thanks for the warm welcome back, everyone.



Chapter 382: 7/12 - Evening

"Yeah, so I joined the newspaper club, too. Just trying to expand my horizons a little, you
know? Never to early to start thinking about my career," Nanako said into the phone.

"Oh? Still trying to follow after Yu, eh? Well, I guess that's not such a bad job," her dad said
back to her on the other end. Nanako was back home - at Yu and Rise's place - and sitting on
the couch. Yu was cooking dinner behind her in the kitchen, and Rise wasn't home yet. Dad
had called earlier to check in and Nanako had been filling him in with everything she could
think of - the newspaper thing, the cosplay thing, babysitting, schoolwork, gardening. She
was painting the perfect picture of high school life.

And feeling guilty about it. It was so strange to not talk about the most important thing on her
mind.

Ren.

I mean, sure, she could just...tell him. But at the same time, she hadn't figured out how to
explain the development of the relationship out of the Phantom Thieves. That drove so much
of how they grew together, how was she supposed to explain that? Or did she even need to? It
was like she had told Ren herself, Dad knew she was out in Tokyo chasing a boy. It would
only make sense they would end up together.

"Sounds like your time in Tokyo has been going well," Dad said.

"Yeah. Oh, I was wondering though, when I come back home if I can bring some of my new
friends with me? We wanted to see some fireworks but I think fighting the Tokyo crowds will
be insane. Plus you know how great the little festival in Inaba is."

"That should be fine...we don't have a lot of room, you know."

"Don't worry, I'll check with Yukiko."

"I don't want you to put her out, she's trying to run a business, you know."

"I won't Dad, I promise. If it doesn't sound like it will work out, then I'll call you back."

"Okay."

There was a silence. Nanako couldn't see him, but she somehow knew that Dad was working
up to say something.

"Is Amamiya coming?"

"Oh. Uh. I don't think so."

"Mm. Too bad."



Too bad? Why was that too bad, Nanako wondered. Did he want to meet him? Was he
rooting for Nanako to win him over?

"But that may be for the best, anyway. I mean, we do need to talk over your plans for after
summer."

Nanako frowned. "What do you mean?"

"Well...I don't know, Nanako. This Tokyo experiment has been interesting, but it's also
dangerous over there. You've seen the news, haven't you?"

"It's dangerous everywhere, dad. That's why you're a cop in Inaba."

"That's not my point, Nanako. There's been three high-profile scandals there in three months.
One of them was at your school, and now this latest thing with that Kaneshiro guy, it sounds
like he was recruiting young people at the school too. I just don't think it's safe."

Nanako felt her heart pounding. She stood up, gripping the phone so tightly her knuckles
were turning white.

"Dad, I just told you everything I've been doing, I'm obviously safe! The school is safe, Yu is
here, I'm making friends for the first time, you can't possibly be thinking about having me
come back to Inaba and not finish out the year-"

"Nanako, I'm your father, and I have to do what's best for you, even if you don't like it."

"Dad, this is-"

The phone slipped out of her hands.

"Uncle Taro!" Yu yelled cheerily into the phone.

"What the- Yu? What are you doing, but Nanako back-"

"Hey, Uncle Taro, I need to ask you something."

"I told you not to call me that-"

"Listen, I'm going to be heading back to Inaba with Nanako for the festival too, but I need
your advice. I'd ask my dad, but you know how he is with these things."

"What things? Yu, what are you talking about?"

Yu started walking towards the balcony with Nanako's phone.

"I'm going to ask Rise to marry me, where do you think I should do it?"

He winked at Nanako and walked out onto the balcony.

Nanako sat down and tried to get herself under control, gripping at her sweatpants and taking
slow breaths. This couldn't be happening. Dad couldn't just pull her back like that. She



couldn't lose Ren, or Ann, or any of them for that matter. Could she just run away? Live with
Ren in Leblanc? Hide on the roof of Shujin? Haru was rich, maybe she had a place to crash-

Yu walked back in, sliding the balcony door closed behind him. She wasn't sure how long he
had been out there talking to her dad. He handed her the phone.

"There, that'll keep him distracted for a bit," Yu said with a grin.

"But..."

"Don't worry. Uncle is just...uncle-ing. When it comes to you, he's unreasonably worried. But
you were going to lose if you kept arguing with him on the phone. If you corner him like that,
he'll put his foot down and then you'll be off to Inaba tomorrow. You gotta finesse him a
little."

Nanako thought about it. He was right, that's how mom handled him.

"Yeah. Yeah, you're right. That was stupid..."

Yu pat her on the head. "Just buy time until you're face to face with him, and make sure Aunt
Kaho is with you. And if your friends are with you, he'll see how much good there is with
you being here. Right now he's living in his imagination, and that's never a good thing. You
have to reach out for the truth."

"And then steal his heart."

"That's the spirit. Though you have exams coming up right? Probably wouldn't hurt if you
scored really high."

Yu started for the kitchen.

"You ready to eat?"

"I'll be there in a minute," Nanako said. She quickly opened up the group chat.

NANAKO: Guys, exams are in two days! We need to study like mad!

NANAKO: Mandatory study group tomorrow!

RYUJI: I can't. I'm busy.

NANAKO: No you're not, you're going to be there. You too, Ann, no excuses!

ANN: I didn't say anything!

REN: We can study at Leblanc. I'll keep the coffee flowing.

MAKOTO: I'll come too, I think I can remember a lot of what was on the test. I'm
already prepared for my exams.

YUSUKE: I shall attend.



RYUJI: Dude, you don't even have the same exams as us!

YUSUKE: I don't have exams at all. I just need to submit my final paintings, which I
finished today.

RYUJI: What!? This sucks! Why can't I be a painter!?

YUSUKE: I can teach you, if you like.

NANAKO: Great, we have a plan, Leblanc after school tomorrow.

Nanako got up, determined to eat healthy dinner and to drill flashcards until she passed out.



Chapter 383: 7/13 - Afternoon

Exams at Kosei High School were complicated.

Because students were each there for different reasons, each had customized areas of
examination. Certainly there was some general knowledge they needed to obtain, but the
focus of the school was to create exceptional people with exceptional skills. So long as that
was produced, the rest was secondary.

So as Yusuke had told Ryuji in the group chat, he was done with exams. He had turned in his
final paintings, and he would be given feedback on them by closing ceremonies so that he
could reflect and improve over the summer break.

Normally, Yusuke would've taken the time to do more painting. But the final pieces had taken
a lot out of him, and outside of daily sketching exercises he didn't feel the usual compulsion
to create. Right now, he needed to rest his inner artist - to indulge it, to recharge it, to allow it
to recover. So during the day he spent most of his time in the school library, looking through
massive art books. Yesterday he had looked through most of the impressionists and had now
moved onto Post-Impressionism.

"Excuse me?"

Yusuke looked up from the print of Cezanne and up at the girl standing by his desk. He had
seen her before, that he knew - the shogi player, he was pretty sure. She had stunning eyes of
a deep forest green that he had once spent an hour trying to recreate with his pallet knife.

"Yes?"

"The front office asked me to give this to you," she said, handing him a slip of paper.
"Someone is here to see you."

"I see. Thank you."

The girl nodded and then went on. Yusuke closed the book and set it with the stack of other
books, then left them in the center of the table. The librarian always insisted books be left on
the table, as apparently he couldn't stand when students tried to put it back and failed.

Yusuke went down to the front office, where the secretary told Yusuke that his visitor was
waiting for him in the painting classroom - which ironically was closer to the library than it
was to the office. So he double-backed and returned to the classroom. A lone person stood in
the center of the class, her back turned to him.

"Oh, Ms. Kurosawa. Hello."

Kurosawa, his social worker, turned around and smiled.

"Hello, Yusuke. You don't mind if I call you Yusuke, do you?"



"Not at all," he said, meaning it. There was a peculiar warmth he felt about the woman that he
couldn't explain.

"I came to check in on you, and while I was chatting with the people in the office they
mentioned the painting students had already submitted their work for their final exam. I
wanted to see it."

Yusuke looked past Kurosawa and noticed that his painting had been taken out of the rows of
completed work and placed on an easel.

"Is this the right light to look at it?" she asked.

Kurosawa had placed the painting and easel in the center of a shaft of pure natural sunlight
streaking in from a high window. The fact she even knew that lighting placement mattered
indicated that Kurosawa knew a bit bout art.

"Indirect light is better," Yusuke stated. "Direct light shows too much of my sloppy
brushwork."

"Nonsense," she said with soft finality. She gently lifted the easel and painting all at once and
took it out of the shaft of light. She stepped backward to stand beside Yusuke.

"What is it supposed to represent?" she asked.

"It-"

Yusuke slowly closed his mouth. He knew what he wanted to say with the painting. But if it
didn't speak for himself, then the work was a failure.

"What does it say to you?" he asked.

Kurosawa nodded sagely.

"Well...it's a traditional katana on one end. the blade slowly forms into the handle of a
paintbrush, with the tip turning into the brush itself. There's an arc of color that slices across
the bottom. The color starts as red next to the sword, then slowly turns into a bright cyan at
the tip. The middle is the most interesting part of the work, where it the merge happens.
Everything is purple - the color most obviously, but the wood of the paintbrush isn't really
brown - it's a deep shade of purple as well."

"You have an eye for art."

She shrugged. "I had a good friend who taught me quite a bit about it. I credit her patience as
a teacher rather than my potential eye as an artist."

"You didn't answer my question," Yusuke pointed out.

"No. I didn't."



She smirked. It was a smirk of...amusement but also of pride, which confused him. It
betrayed a cunning that he hadn't detected from her before.

"What I get out of it is that you use your art to create change."

Yusuke nodded. A fitting explanation and a message he could get behind.

"You don't see it as violent?"

"Sometimes change requires a little violence," she said. "It's very good, you should be proud
of it."

"I will allow myself a little pride in it," he said. "Until it's time for the next work."

"Speaking of, do you have plans for the summer?" Kurosawa asked.

"None of significance. Continue working. Spend some time with friends."

"You'll need this, then."

She reached into her coat pocket and pulled out an envelope, handing it to him. The envelope
was sizable, and surprisingly heavy. Yusuke opened it and he felt like his eyes widened so far
that they might roll out of his skull.

"This is...quite a bit of money..."

"It's to get you through the whole summer, so don't spend it all at once. Food, necessities,
paint supplies...and I even procured a little extra for fun. It's important to make memories
during the summer. That's part of being alive and part of being an artist too."

"Indeed...thank you very much, Ms. Kurosawa."

"Don't thank me, thank your government. I know you'll be on break, but I'll come check on
you in a couple of weeks at your place, if that's all right with you."

"Yes, of course. I would like that."



Chapter 384: 7/13 - After School
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

"The study session will operate in two phases," Nanako said, pressing her finger down on the
sheet of paper she had laid across the booth table in Leblanc.

"Phase one will last from now until dinner time. This will focus on our weakest areas, as our
brains are most primed right now for learning and productive struggle. So that means English
for Ren, Japanese for Ann, Math for Ryuuji. And Biology for Ryuuji. And..."

"I'm doomed," Ryuuji said.

"You're not doomed," said Makoto. "I'm all prepared for my exams, so I can tutor you
through everything. I remember a lot of the questions, so I'll be able to focus you in on what
you need. "

"Exactly," Nanako said. "We'll break for dinner, then when we return, we'll do phase 2, which
is reviewing our areas of strength. During this time, we'll also share our insights with each
other, allowing those with stronger understanding of the material to help those of us with
weaker areas to make connections we may not have made ourselves. This is the optimum
path to studying right before exams!"

"Sounds like a plan, leader," Ren said from behind the counter. He was already brewing
coffee.

"What shall I do?" Yusuke asked.

"Excellent question. Your job is to provide alternative points of view. Share how things were
taught in your school, or make analogies with your uniquely creative brain. You can also
generate visual examples and memory aids with your impressive skills."

A look of solemn determination fell over Yusuke's face.

"This is a duty I shall uphold to my highest ability."

"Good. Ready?"

"No," said Ann.

"No," said Ryuuji.

"Start!"

--



Phase 1 went about as smooth as Nanako could've hoped for. Makoto helped the team with
her insights, but mostly spent her time on Ryuuji, who honestly needed the most help. Had
the situation been different, Nanako would've focused on her, but she was so behind in her
own studies that she had to work on reviewing the latest material, which was also the stuff
she had the loosest grasp on.

Ann's formal Japanese and kanji were the weakest, but that was because she had grown up
bilingual. Nanako spent a lot of time with her going over kanji and grammar, because the
only way to really learn those things was to do it over and over again, and Ann's attention
span for things that didn't spark her interest was...limited.

Ren had to work at the same time, so his attention was divided. But Nanako had the sense
that he wasn't very worried about exams. His scores were pretty good in general, and he
clearly had a naturally strong memory.

She wondered what university he would get into.

Would his criminal record, unjust as it was, get in the way of that?

Did he even want to go to a university?

These were questions for later. She had to focus on the here and now - catching up what she
missed out on, getting the highest grades possible to keep her future open, and to keep her
dad off her back.

Ryuuji gasped and sprawled himself across the table. He breathed heavily, as if he had just
been pulled out of the sea.

"I can't do it anymore..."

"Neither can I!" Ann said, suddenly sprawling herself across the table too.

"Don't move, I need to capture this despair," Yusuke said, flipping his notebook to a fresh
page.

"I think perhaps it's time to take a break. I am getting pretty hungry," Makoto said.

"Yeah." Nanako looked around. Though there had been a steady dribble of customers, there
were none left in Leblanc. Ren stood at his post, his notes laid open at the other end of the
bar.

The bell jangled and Sojiro stepped through.

"I'm back...ah. Studying for exams, I see?"

"Yes, hello, Sojiro-san. Thank you so much for allowing us to use this space," Makoto said.
"We are in your debt."

"No worries," he said, waving his hand. "If it helps this guy stay on track, then all the better."



He went over to behind the bar. "Thanks for keeping an eye on things, I have it now. You
should probably get some dinner and keep studying."

"Yes, right, thank you," Ren said.

"Yes, dinner! Ramen?"

"We don't have time for that, what's close?" Nanako asked.

"The grocery store," Ren said.

"Ah come on! We need a real break! Can't we head to Shibuya at least?" Ryuuji groaned.

"I mean, the train only takes like 4 minutes," Ann said. Nanako raised her hands in surrender.

"Fine, fine, you all win, let's go to the diner."

They packed their things and walked through Aoyama Itchome to the train station. Ren
slipped his hand into Nanako's as they did, their fingers intertwining.

The pressure inside Nanako's head to hurry up and get back to studying slowly evaporated
between Ren's touch and the gentle swaying of the train. By the time they exited the Shibuya
station and were on the main street, Nanako felt a lot more relaxed. Ryuuji was right, they did
need a real break. She wasn't going to get anywhere by stressing herself out .

They piled into one of the large booths and quickly ordered. Everyone had an appetite. Even
Yusuke ordered something, which surprised Nanako. She wondered if he was finally getting
better at saving money.

"I think I'm going to fall asleep," Ann said with a yawn. "It's so hard to concentrate all the
time."

"Maybe if you did it more often it wouldn't be so difficult," Nanako teased. Ann stuck her
tongue out in retaliation.

"Easy for you to say, super brainiac."

"I'm not a super brainiac. I just study."

"Psh, yeah right, I study and it don't work," Ryuuji said.

"....what do you guys mean by study?" Nanako asked. The blondes looked at each other and
shrugged.

"I read the notes, I guess. And sometimes the books. But then I can't even remember it like
ten minutes later."

"Yeah, me neither," Ryuuji said.

"That's cause you have to process the information," Nanako said.



"What do you mean?" Ann asked.

"Like, you can't just...put it in your brain and hope it sticks, unless you naturally have a good
memory that just won't work. You have to do something with the information, make your
brain care about it. For example, when I'm not as busy with...you know, all this," she said,
waving her hands between the group, "I will go home and make a learning log - just write a
brief summary of what I learned in each subject. And then I'll go through my notes, but
highlight them. Pink is the main idea, yellow is the supporting idea, and if you do yellow,
then pink, it turns it into orange, and that is a super important point. Then I'll re-read the
notes I took from the day before, and then the ones from the week before, just quickly."

"....THAT'S studying?" Ryuuji said, his face downcast. "Why don't they teach us this stuff..."

"They did, where I went to school, what are they doing out here?" Nanako asked. She looked
at Ren. "Isn't that how you study too? We were taught that in middle school."

He shrugged, looking a little embarrassed.

"I have a naturally good memory."

"Of course you do..." the team said in unison.

They ate, and then finished phase 2 of the study session at the diner before going home.

Chapter End Notes

Nanako's study methods are real techniques, btw, if you find yourself having a hard time
studying.



Chapter 385: 7/14 - After School

"My head is toast," Ryuuji groaned. The Phantom Thieves were trudging their way out of the
entrance of Shujin. Ryuuji looked like he might fall all the way down he steps.

"I seriously think I popped a blood vessel or something," Ann said. "But...I did feel more
confident than usual."

"Yeah, I guess I knew more than usual too," Ryuuji admitted. Nanako clapped.

"Then we're going to do it all again today, right?"

"No!" they all replied in unison. Nanako pouted her lower lip.

"Aw, why not?"

"Sorry, but I need to review for my own exams," Makoto said.

"I have to work," Ryuuji said. "But I promise I'll look over the notecards while I'm on
break..."

"I have a place to be," Ren said.

"Where?" Nanako asked.

"Just a place," he said, swinging the bag carrying Morgana over his shoulder. "I'll call you
later, though."

"Okay..." Nanako said. She watched as the other three walked away, leaving just her an Ann.

"I guess I could study...I don't want to, but I really felt like it helped," Ann said.

"Did you think that was weird?" Nanako asked.

"What?"

"What Ren just did. That whole 'gotta go to a place' thing."

Ann shrugged. "He does that all the time. Heck, you do that all the time."

"I do?"

"Yeah. You're off babysitting one second and then hanging out with your brother's friends and
then watching TV or hanging out with Haru...you're all over the place. He is too."

Nanako thought about that as she fell into step with Ann as they walked towards the station.
She was a busy social butterfly, that much she knew. It was her deepest desire to make
friends. It was part of what drove her to come to Tokyo in the first place. But that had



evolved, somewhat. She had also been told by Margaret that her bonds were power and as
she improved those bonds, she increased the power of her Personae.

But that wasn't the only reason she did it...was it?

She really thought about this on the train. Even taking a friendship like Ann...sure, she was
able to tap into the Compendium's highest level of power, but she also legitimately saw her as
her best friend. In fact it was way more important that she have the friend than the power.

But it also stood to reason that if Nanako was borrowing the power of the Wild Card, that
meant Ren was also having to go off and build up his bonds, too.

Right?

"I'm being an insecure girlfriend right now," she said honestly as she stepped off the train.
She and Ann headed towards their building.

"Same, honestly," she said with a sigh. "But we have to have some faith in our beloveds,
right? Otherwise, what's the point?"

"That's very wise of you, Ann-dono."

"Thank you."

"Now if only wisdom translated into test scor- ow!"

The two of them entered the elevator and went to Nanako's place. To Nanako's surpirse, Yu
was home.

"Hey, Nanako, Ann," he said from the kitchen as they entered. "How'd exams go?"

"Pretty well. We're just going to do some more review."

"Set up at the table. I'll make you a snack and then I'll help you out. I have the afternoon off."

"Wow, thank you so much Narukami-san," Ann said with a polite bow. She then started
setting up at the table. Nanako dropped off her stuff and went into the kitchen, where she saw
Yu was rolling onigiri.

"...why are you off?"

He shrugged. "Mental health day. Sometimes you just gotta skip work."

"...mm..."

"Uh oh, I'm getting that Dojima glare of mistrust. The young detective is going to find me
out."

"Did you just stay home to help me study?"

"...maybe." He picked up a tray of onigiri and handed it to her. "Go feed Ann."



They ate their snack and studied for a while. Yu's guidance through it was very helpful, he
remembered a lot and helped them go through concepts in a new way. After a couple of
hours, though, Ann was spent, and she went home. Nanako and Yu went to the kitchen to
prepare dinner.

"You really did just take the day off to help me study?"

"Half a day, if I'm being honest," Yu said. "But yes."

"Why?"

"Because you want to be here. And I want you to be here. It's been good for you. I can see the
changes in you, even after three months. And I know your dad is worried, and he has a right
to be, but I think you should finish the year out."

Nanako smiled. The distance between them closed a little in her heart. Even though it was
she who was the one who had placed the distance there by lying to him. Despite that he could
still see how she was growing, even if it was only on a general level.

"Thanks, big bro."

--

SOCIAL LINK RANK UP

Hierophant: Yu Narukami

Level 4



Chapter 386: 7/14 Evening

The phone rang, pulling Nanako out of her trance. She smiled at the name on the screen.

"Hey," she said.

"Hey," Ren said back. "What're you up to?"

"Well, I would've said studying, but I honestly think I've been staring at the same page for
like twenty minutes just zoning out."

"There's such a thing as too much studying, you know."

"You're right," Nanako said, flipping her notebook closed and falling onto her bed. "But I
didn't have anyone to distract me..."

"Sorry."

"Don't be. I'm just teasing," Nanako said. "What were you up to today?"

"Errands, mostly. I just got back, actually. Morgana is telling me I should go to bed."

"He's probably right, it is kinda late," Nanako said, realizing as she consulted the clock on her
nightstand.

"Soon. I want to talk more."

Nanako's heart felt like a warm puddle. The mysterious leader of the Phantom Thieves, the
boy who felt like would never say a word, wanted to talk more. With her.

"I never asked, why did you suddenly freak about studying the other day?"

"What do you mean, you know grades are important to me," Nanako said.

"I know that. But you were more...panicked."

"Yeah. Well. My dad called."

She explained the situation with her dad and how she was worried about him trying to get her
to go back to Inaba. She also explained Yu's perspective, which had calmed her down a little.
Ren listened attentively.

"That makes sense. What do you think of your brother's perspective on it?"

"I think he's probably right. My mom can convince him. So really I just need to convince my
mom. And I think if she sees that I'm thriving she'll let me stay. But the grades are going to
matter, for sure."



"I'm sure you'll be fine. You're naturally intelligent and a hard worker."

"Nice of you to say so...guess the grades will determine if you're right."

The conversation lulled, but it didn't bother Nanako. She stared up at her ceiling, listening to
Ren breathe.

"Hey...have you had any more thoughts about going with us to Inaba?"

"I do have more thoughts. I'm not going."

"Oh," Nanako said, trying to hide her disappointment.

"Strategically, it might be better not to convince your dad to let you stay in Tokyo while at the
same time meeting the boyfriend he probably doesn't trust because of his criminal record."

"Dad...I mean he's open minded and..." Nanako shut her eyes and sighed. "Yeah, you're
probably right. It'd just be another obstacle to overcome."

"But even if that wasn't a factor, I still don't think it's time for me to go back. Not yet. It's...I
can't explain it, really. But it feels like I'm meant to be here until it's done."

"Until what's done?" Nanako asked. "The Phantom Thieves?"

"Something like that, yeah. But also more than that. Think of it like...the part of my life arc
that needs me to be here. Going back to Inaba now would mean going back before I've
learned everything I need to learn here. So I'm going to stay."

"We'll miss you. I'll miss you."

"I know. But you'll be back before I know it. Besides, I know that Sojiro has been counting
down the days until he can work me all day..."

Nanako laughed. "I'm sure he's not going to be that much of a tyrant."

"Do you think Hanamura-sensei is going to go back too?"

"Oh, I don't know, I didn't think about that. Why do you ask?"

"Well..." Ren said. Nanako could hear his smile on the other end of the line. "I met this
woman recently..."



Chapter 387: 7/15 - Daytime
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

"You're really nice, you know," Nanako said to Yosuke in the middle of the day.

"Why's that?" he asked.

"For all this," she said, motioning to the gym. Students were all engaged in some sort of
physical activity, but they had their free choice as to what they could participate in. Some
were in volleyball, basketball, some just walking around, some were even in the weight room
with the other teacher. Nanako was walking laps with Yosuke, who was going at a
meandering pace.

"For running PE?"

"For running PE in a nice way. No crazy laps or forced games. It's just sorta chill."

"Eh, you guys are in the middle of exams. I know how that is. I used to run them,
remember?"

"Right," Nanako said. "Huh. Do you miss that?"

"What, exam season? No way. PE is great, I should've made this move earlier. Not a lot of
grading, just sort of hanging around outside and making sure everyone's safe. I can totally
kick back."

"You're not a little bit bored?" Nanako pressed.

"Eh, maybe a little," he said with a wink. "But it's just short term, you know?"

"Until I go back to Inaba, you mean."

"I mean until they find a permanent replacement for Kamoshida. I told you, this was a favor.
Soon as they can cut me free, I'm back to Yasogami."

"Why?" Nanako asked.

"What do you mean why, it's home."

"Well, yeah, I know, but...aren't you looking for other things?"

"What, like a girlfriend? Yeah, I guess. But I don't know. I don't feel like I'm at home if I'm
not in Inaba. It's ironic, you know. I grew up in Tokyo and moving to Inaba was such a
downer..." he shook his head in disbelief.

Ha, you walked right into my trap...



"So you have a fondness for the country, huh?"

"Yeah, I guess so."

"And the things from the country?"

"I said, yes - why are you pushing this point so hard?"

"Well, it just happens that we know a really nice woman from the country!"

On cue, Ann jumped out from behind one of the ball bins, holding out her phone. On it was
the picture of a young woman wearing patterned camisole dress over a long sleeve shirt along
with a headband.

"Oh no, no no, not again!" Yosuke said, turning on his heel to go the other way. Nanako had
anticipated this, though, and had grabbed onto his shoulder and leaned on it with her weight,
spinning him all the way back around to face Ann and the phone.

"Look at her! She's adorable! Her name is Chihaya Mifune, and get this, she's from the
country! A rural girl making her way through life right here in Tokyo! Small town values, big
time dreams, but growing weary of the hustle and bustle of Tokyo. What she needs is the love
and protection of a young man who knows both worlds!" Nanako declared.

Yosuke started to push back again, but hesitated. Then he leaned in closer to the screen.

"....she is kinda cute."

"See!" Nanako said. "She's a great match for you."

"Yeah, and she won't completely terrorize you with her sexual prowess like the doctor did,"
Ann said.

"Yeah, she looks sweet and- hey! How did you know about that?"

Nanako grabbed Ann by the hand and started running.

"I already sent you her contact info to your phone, so good luck!"

"We're rooting for you!" Ann said as she was dragged away.

Yosuke sighed.

"How did this happen..."

Chapter End Notes



Btw, I'm streaming Persona 3 Reload these days. You can find all the info on the channel
and what not on my website, silzero.com



Chapter 388: 7/15 - After School

"Ganymede Protection Systems," a polite female voice answered. Nanako balanced her cell
phone on her cheek while she leaned against her shoe locker.

"Yes, hi, my name is Nanako Dojima, I am a high school student at Shujin Academy. I'm a
writer for our school newspaper and I was hoping to schedule an interview with Ms.
Yamagishi."

There was a pause. Nanako balanced from one leg to the other to get her shoes on while she
waited.

"I'm sorry, did you say you were a student?"

"Yes. You see, I'm doing a story on successful women and-"

"I'm sorry, but Ms. Yamagishi is too busy for interviews with student newspapers."

"I know, but-"

Beep beep beep. Nanako sighed.

"Well, so much for the easy way..." she said, slipping her phone into her purse.

"Since when were you on the newspaper?" Ren asked, appearing from around the lockers.
Nanako jumped, startled.

"Geez, you'd think I'd be used to you doing that..."

He smiled, letting his Joker energy through his glasses-facade.

"Seriously, when did you join the newspaper?"

"Couple of days ago. It's not forever, I just really want to interview this woman, Fuuka
Yamagishi."

"Why?"

Nanako didn't know how to answer that. Because a weird moon lady wants me to help her
didn't seem to be an answer that would make any sense.

"It's hard to explain," she said. Ren shrugged.

"Okay. Is there a way I can help?"

"I don't know. I just tried once, it's not like my avenues are exhausted yet. My big bro would
say that journalism is one part writing and two parts tenacity. So I just gotta keep at it until
they give in."



"Or...we could trick them.

"I guess we could," Nanako said, nudging into his shoulder with hers. "But let me try it the
normal way first."

"If you insist."

They walked down the steps together and turned towards the train station.

"Do you want to study for exams?" he asked.

"What, just the two of us?"

"Yeah."

"I don't know."

"Why not?"

"I don't know how much studying we'll get done..."

"I promise to be good."

"I don't."

Ren blushed a little, which made Nanako grin. She slipped her hand into his.

"Morgana could chaperone," Ren suggested.

"Don't drag me into this," he said from the bag.

"Exams are almost over, let's just push through it and then we can spend time together, just
the two of us."

"Then let's call the team together. I'm sure Ryuuji and Ann could use some more work."

"Yeah, let's do that."

The team met at Leblanc to study.

Nanako's knowledge increased a little, just in time for exams.



Chapter 389: 7/15 - Evening

"Just go in and do it you coward," Yukiko said through the phone.

"I am. I will. I am," Chie said back.

A pause.

"You're still standing there aren't you?"

"I'm waiting for the light to turn!"

The light went from green to yellow.

"Chie, you're no longer the bravest person I know."

"Look, this isn't easy, okay?" Chie said, turning around, putting her back to the Tartarus gym.

"He's totally into you, but it'll get weird if you let it cool off too much."

"How would you know Mrs. Married Forever?"

"Chie. Go in the gym. Talk to him."

The phone beeped. Chie looked at the screen.

She hung up!? The audacity of that woman...

Chie slipped her phone into her gym bag and looked at Tartarus Gym again. Yukiko was
right. She had to go in. It was now or never.

When the light turned green, Chie grit her teeth and ran across the street and into the
doorway, being as conspicuous as possible. If she made a big entrance, there would be no
way for her to sneak out. As she expected, several gym members looked over at her. She gave
a sheepish wave, then they returned to their workout.

Akihiko stuck his head out of the gym office. His eyes widened, then he smiled and stepped
out.

She waved again. He waved back and started walking towards her.

"Hi," she said.

"Hi. Fortunate timing, I haven't been here in a while and you just happen to pop in on the day
I came to check on things."

"Actually I called a bunch of times and your partner finally told me when you were gonna be
here," Chie said. Then she slammed her mouth shut and felt her cheeks turning red. "...yeah, I



shouldn't have said that, should I? Really comes across as desperate..."

"On the contrary, I'm flattered. And I'm glad you're here. You want to get a workout in with
me?"

"Sure. I'll just go put my things away."

Chie went into the locker room and found an empty locker. She pulled off the big baggy t-
shirt she was wearing, leaving her in black compression shorts and a green sports bra. This
was...more daring than she usually worked out in in public. But Rise had told her "you can't
make a sale without advertising."

God, Chie must really like him if she was starting to take advice from Rise...

She grabbed her towel, lifting gloves, and water bottle and went back into the gym. Akihiko
was waiting for her by a heavy bag.

His entire face lit up and for a flash of a second she could feel his eyes take her entire body
in. She was pretty sure that he choked on a gasp.

But then he looked straight at her eyes, respectfully. Chie's heart was racing.

"You look nice today, by the way," he said.

"Nice? Nice wasn't exactly what I was going for," Chie said, surprised at the flirtatious words
coming out of her mouth.

"What were you going for?"

"Irresistible."

What the hell was that, where did that come from!?

Akihiko blushed.

"Well, you accomplished it."

Chie blushed back at him.

Both were eager to get past their blushing and so tore into their workout, hard. Akihiko ran
them through an intense circuit, made more intense for Chie by her burning need to impress
him. They punched, they lifted, they jumped rope, they pumped iron until they were both
drenched with sweat. They didn't say much other than to offer encouragement or advice on
form. But that didn't bother Chie.

What could be more bonding than communing together in the temple of athleticism?

"That was amazing," Chie said breathlessly at the end. She squeezed the last drops out of her
water bottle.



"You were. I was struggling to keep up."

"You were not."

Akihiko grinned. "Well, maybe not. But I am pretty worn out. You're formidable as well as
irresistible."

Unsure how to respond, she lifted her bottle to drink again, forgetting that it was empty. She
squeezed air into her mouth.

"You want to get a protein shake or a smoothie? There's a place down that street that isn't too
bad."

"Sure. I'll be right out."

Chie debated showering, but decided that a thorough toweling would be fine for now. She did
change into fresh clothes, shorts and a tank-top, and ran her fingers through her hair a few
times. She left the locker room and then joined Akihiko at the door.

It was a warm night, but not as warm as it could get in mid-July.

"Supposed to get hotter tomorrow," Akihiko mentioned.

"I don't mind heat. I kinda prefer it."

"Are you a beach or mountain person?"

"Hmm. Both. I know that's a cop-out, but I love them both. But the mountains only if there's
snow. What about you?"

"Beach. Though I've never been to the snow."

"Oh, then we'll have to go."

"Just after our trip to Inaba, right?"

"Ah...yeah, I seem to be inviting you on a lot of trips...that's pretty weird huh..."

"I don't mind it," he said easily. "I haven't had much of a reason to travel. Maybe you're
giving it to me."

"Is this a date?" Chie blurted out. Akihiko laughed.

"You tell me, you're the one who showed up."

"I want it to be date."

"Okay. Then it's a date."

They entered the smoothie shop. They each ordered a protein and electrolyte mixture that
they knew would taste mostly like metal but would replenish everything they had used in



their workout. They paid for themselves then found a corner of the shop away from everyone
else.

"How's the Kaneshiro case going?"

"Lot of work. You'll start seeing the resignations and reassignments pretty soon...lot more
corruptions than I thought."

"That's disappointing," Chie said while she sipped.

"It is. But sometimes you need a hard cleanse in order to right the ship...I feel like I mixed
my metaphor there."

"I get what you mean, though. Getting to the truth can be messy. Messy but necessary."

"Yeah. How about you?"

Chie sighed. "I've been going through CCTV tape. Just about done with it, for whatever good
it's going to do. Niijima thinks we're going to grab a Phantom Thief out of the flash mob they
created to spread their calling card. It's a fishing expedition, but I think she's desperate."

Akihiko raised his eyebrows. "You're allowed to tell me all that?"

Chie shrugged it off. "I honestly don't care. It'd be a relief at this point if Niijima threw me
off the team."

"Wouldn't that just leave you with doing the grunt work from the Chief?"

"After all we went through? Senior citizen dinners and traffic duty sounds oddly calming..."

"Give it time, it's only been a week. You'll find your groove again."

"Oh you know me so well, do you?" Chie asked, leaning her head on her hand. He smiled.

"I'm getting there."

They finished their smoothies and tossed them into the trash. They started walking back
towards the station.

Slowly, Chie noticed.

"So how was the date?" Akihiko asked.

"I liked it," Chie said, her voice coming out shyer than she had wanted it to.

"I'm glad...listen, Chie..."

Oh no. Chie turned to search his face, trying to look for any indication of what was about to
come.

"I liked this too."



"Why does it sound like there's a 'but' coming..."

"I'm not very good at this. I told you a little bit about my past. It was tough. I've spent the last
ten years working on it and I'm in a much better place, but...I don't know. Can we go slow?"

Chie laughed in relief.

"Yeah. Yeah, that works for me. Slow is good. To be honest, I already thought that doing this
today was too bold, but my best friend said I needed to make sure you knew I was interested
so..."

She squared her shoulders and looked him dead in the eye.

"I'm interested, Akihiko."

"I'm interested too, Chie."

They smiled brightly at each other.



Chapter 390: 7/16 - Morning
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Exams nearing end

But why are there so many

Haiku questions?

Chapter End Notes

Sorry not sorry



Chapter 391: 7/16 - After School

"Oh no, I forgot a syllable in the haiku question," Nanako lamented, gently knocking her
head against the shoe locker in mock frustration, although the frustration was more real than
she would want to admit.

"Haiku question?"

"Yeah, number fifteen."

"We were supposed to write a haiku?"

"Ann, seriously, you have to at least read the questions..."

"Aw man, I wrote so much on that question..."

They step into the sunlight and descend the stairs.

"What do you mean you wrote so much, what did you think the question said-" but Nanako's
words crash against her teeth, her eyes widen, and her heart races.

Ren is ahead of them.

With two police officers.

They've taken him to the side, into the mouth of an alley, enough of a presence to create
intrigue and fear for the passing students, but far enough for some modicum of privacy.

"Here, take this," Nanako hastily pulls off the Compendium and shoves it into Ann's arms.

"What the - why, where are you going, what are you-"

"Just take it home with you, I'll get it later!"

Next, Nanako's phone in her hand, her fingers shaking at first, requiring an intense shove of
will to still them. She seeks out the contacts list, scrolls down, taps, taps again, then a hastily
written message.

NANAKO: HELP I'M BEING ARRESTED

Then the phone back into her purse, set to vibrate, because she knows it's about to blow up
with a thousand questions she doesn't have time to answer. She charges forward, first at a
brisk walk, then at a jog so fast that it's almost a run. She barges past one officer, her smaller
frame deflecting off of his sturdy shoulder, but he's caught unaware and stumbles.

Nanako wraps her arms around Ren, draping over him like a mob girlfriend, giving the two
officers the most obnoxious sneer she can muster.



"Babe, what are these pigs doing here?"

The lead officer, the one that Nanako didn't shoulder check, glares at her. Apparently
whatever tactic Ren was using was already trying his patience, and now it's completely boiled
over.

"That's it! Now you're both coming with us to station!" He reaches for his cuffs. "Start
walking or I'll drag your asses there."

Ren whispers while Nanako disentangles.

"What the hell are you doing?"

"Don't say another word. We'll be fine. We just need to wait."

They walk, obedient, to the squad car, into the plastic seats, surrounded by the smell of bad
coffee and 7-11 snacks. They sit silent through the drive, the officers saving their questions
for their interrogation room. Their home turf.

Nanako had been in interrogation rooms before. First, as a child, sitting with a coloring book,
waiting for Dad to be ready to go. Then, just a year ago, sitting with her parents, diving into
Chinese takeout, because the idea of eating together in the interrogation room was funny to
them.

This will be the first time as the one being interrogated.

But it will be a very short time.

She can hear her phone vibrating.



Chapter 392: 7/16 - Afternoon
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

There's tension between them on the car ride to the police station.

Ren is clearly irritated, but he also doesn't want to say anything, doesn't want to break
Nanako's command, and doesn't want to speak in anger. At least, that's how Nanako sees it.
She accepts her own explanation of his feelings for now, because otherwise she will drown in
anxiety.

Despite it being a Tokyo Police Department, it isn't that different than back in Inaba. It's
bigger. It's newer. It's colder, in all the sense of the word. But there's something familiar about
it for Nanako. The layout. The rhythm. The type of people. Sure, the people bringing them in
were bad cops, but most of them were there for the right reason. Most of them were just
doing their best.

Through a corridor, past the front desk, not yet to processing because they haven't been
formally arrested yet, this is still just "some questions" and "a chat" and "a conversation," a
technicality that they hide in intimidation so they can get what they want without playing by
the rules.

Then, two cold chairs, their belongings set on the ground by their feet. Can't search them
without triggering another set of rules.

"Do you guys need me to do something?"

Morgana. The officers didn't seem to hear him - he had a way of meowing soft enough not to
be noticed apparently. He did it all the time in class.

Nanako's lips part to answer him, but Ren's fingers rest on hers beneath the table. No. Neither
of them can talk. Not even in code.

"Right, you guys can't say anything. Usual code then, Joker?"

One tap with his left foot.

"Got it. Anything you want me to say to Nanako?"

Tap.

"Escape plan or personal?"

Tap tap. Two taps. That must mean the second option.

"Uh...right, okay. Are you mad at her for involving herself in this?"



Tip.

Nanako tipped her toe in response.

"Oh, uh, you want me to reply?

Tip.

"Let me guess, you were just trying to help?"

Tip.

"And you're gonna say that it isn't worth it because you already have a criminal record and
you don't want to bring Nanako down with you?"

Tap.

"And you're gonna say that you are going down with him no matter what?"

It was awkward how well Morgana knew them. But in this case, his prediction was wrong.

Tip tip.

"Oh? Then...what do you have a plan to get out of this?"

Tip.

"Do I need to do something?"

Tip tip.

"Does he need to do something?"

Tip tip.

"Then...what we just wait?"

Tip.

Tap tap.

"He doesn't want to wait."

Nanako tipped her toe as firmly and as stubbornly as she could.

"You two, cut that out," the lead officer, the one with the chip on his shoulder and with the
void in his soul that he tried to fill by wielding what little power he had, said. "You wouldn't
be so nervous here if you had just cooperated in the first place."

Silence.



"You know, we did a little digging before we came by...see, we're supposed to be
interviewing people who were placing illegal posters all around Tokyo about a week ago.
Plenty of them were from your school. But then when I was pulling up names I find your
picture...and already with a criminal record..."

He set a manila folder on the table with the flourish and gravitas of someone doing something
important. The folder is thin, and the sound of it against the table is flimsy.

"You know what they say, you wanna catch a shark, you gotta go fishing in the ocean..."

"Apt of you to pick a fishing metaphor."

The words pierce the room like rapier. Both officers wheel around, their stances combative.
Nanako can feel Ren's tension rising, his eyes searching for escape hatches.

Nanako only smiles.

The man standing in the doorway was deliriously handsome, with black hair expertly coiffed
at a side part with side-swept bangs angled like deadly needles above his glasses. He wore an
expensive gray suit like a second skin, looking comfortable in the power it commanded. He
held a slim briefcase in his left hand, which glinted with a black ring with a single glittering
diamond.

A defense attorney's badge shone on his lapel.

"Who-"

"Aoi Anaguma, defense attorney representing these two young people. Two young people
whose names I assume you don't have as I didn't hear you ask for them and they look like the
kind of people smart enough not to talk to law enforcement without representation?"

His sharp eyes caught Nanako, who nodded fractionally. He smiled, a flash of a smile that
was there an instant and back to the darkness of his legal stoneface the next.

"I happen to know that one of them-"

"Already has a criminal record, yes, I heard you, remember my quip about the fishing? That's
because that's all you're doing. Fishing. You have no legal standing to detain these two young
people, and you certainly do not have the authority to question them without legal
representation, or at the very least, their legal guardians present."

"This was just-"

"A simple conversation, I'm sure, and therefore there's no reason for them to stay here
anymore, is there? The conversation is over. Unless you'd like to push the matter. I'm sure the
Tokyo Police doesn't have enough scandal on its hands with the Kaneshiro debacle, or have
you not heard about the high profile resignations that happened this morning?"

The police officers didn't have a stone face to revert to. Their uneasiness and panic were
written clear as a Shibuya billboard.



"Then I assume that while you're not the most clever officers I've interacted with that you
have at least enough self-preservation to understand that any missteps would be dealt with by
immediate termination. After all, if they can't protect your higher-ups, why would they
protect you?"

The lead officer could not speak, so drowned by Anaguma's words he was. It was the second
one, the one that seemed to have a little more sense, who spoke.

"You're free to go," he said. Nanako and Ren picked up their belongings, and Mr. Anaguma
escorted them out. The three walked in silence until they stepped onto the sidewalk, then into
a waiting car luxury SUV. A driver opened the door for them and helped each of them climb
in. The passenger seats had the back two rows facing each other, with a small table in the
center. Ren and Nanako sat in the back while Anaguma took the rear-facing seat. The driver
pulled into traffice.

"Are you all right, Nanako?"

"I'm fine, Mr. Anaguma. We both are."

"Please, dispense with the formalities. I'm just glad I was in the area and you didn't have to
wait too long. Unfortunately, I'm not happy about why I was in the area."

"Why, what happened?"

"This exact situation, dozens of times over. The police have been picking up students for
questioning who they may have caught on CCTV posting those Phantom Thieves fliers a
week ago. But their rights and due processes haven't been followed, so my organization has
been quite busy the last couple of days. I've had to oversee some of the issues myself. I'm
sorry you got caught up in their clumsy dragnet."

"Thank you for coming to save us," Nanako said.

"Anytime, dear. Now, a formal introduction?"

"Oh, right, sorry. This is Ren, my uh...boyfriend."

"Ren Amamiya," he said, extending his hand.

"Aoi Anaguma, but I believe you heard that."

"Aoi is a really cool attorney. He defends really rich people then takes the money to fund his
organization which helps the innocent."

Anaguma smiled. "That's a bit of an oversimplification, but more or less correct. You know,
I'd be happy to take a look at your case, Mr. Amamiya. As I understand it, you were victim to
the 99% conviction rate of this country, a staggering figure with no basis in truth."

"How do you know about my case?"

"I don't know the details, of course. But I had heard by reputation."



"From who?"

Aoi's phone rang at that moment. He deftly pulled his phone from his suit pocket.

"Hello, darling. Yes. Yes. Yes, she's fine. Of course she didn't. Calm down, please. Fine, fine,
very well, I'll put you on speaker."

Aoi set his phone on the table and pressed the icon to put it in speaker mode.

"Nanako, what the hell is going on!?" Kanji yelled from the other end. "You can't just text me
something like that and not answer me!"

"Sorry, but I don't have Aoi's contact in my phone."

"I will rectify that right now," Aoi said.

"You shouldn't have to, why are you getting arrested!? I'll get your dad and we'll be out there
in an hour-"

"No, no, Kanji, no, please. It's fine. It's not our fault, we were wrongly arrested."

"She's right, darling, no need to panic. As I said, she didn't do anything. Just the police doing
what they do best."

"Well, still I better tell your dad or Yu or-"

"Kanji, wait!"

Nanako hastily explained the situation - that her dad was considering pulling her back to
Inaba. And that she had found friends, and she and Ren were dating, and she wasn't ready to
go back, and how Yu was helping her build a case to stay.

"And if he finds out I got arrested, even wrongfully, that'll be it. You know how he is."

"...gah, damnit, I don't want to be carrying around a secret like that!"

"Come now, darling, it's hardly a secret. They didn't even get her name. It's no worse than if
an officer had scolded her for jaywalking or littering."

Nanako frowned a little. She'd never litter...

"Okay. Okay, fine, I'll keep my mouth shut...just..."

"It won't happen again. I promise. Thank you."

"Yeah, yeah..." he grumbled.

"Cheer up, buttercup."

"That's enough out of you," Kanji said to Aoi, though she could hear the smile in his voice.
"I'm coming up tomorrow."



"Good, I've cleared my entire afternoon. Love you."

"Love you more," Kanji said, and hung up. Aoi slipped his phone back into his pocket.

"Now, about your case...I don't know how quickly I could resolve it, but it would be free of
charge..."

"I'll think about it," Ren said. Nanako had to choke back her shock. If anyone could clear
him, it would be Aoi, why wouldn't he take it?

"Prudent," he said, taking out a business card and handing it to him. "This is my direct line.
Once you've made your decision, please let me know. Now, is there somewhere I can drop
you off?"

"One moment, counselor," Nanako said, sitting just a little straighter. "That ring is on a
suspicious finger..."

The perfectly composed Aoi suddenly looked stricken.

"Blast, I had forgotten..."

"He proposed!?"

"He did, and I accepted," he said with a gentle smile. "Though please don't tell anyone, he is
insistent that he doesn't want to say anything until Rise gets her proposal."

"What, how did he know Yu was going to propose?"

"It's obvious, dear. So hush hush until then, okay?"

Nanako let out a sound that could only be described, embarrassingly, as a "squee."

"Kanji and Rise will planning their weddings at the same time!"

And then, like a lightning bolt, dread.

"...Kanji and Rise will be planning their weddings at the same time..."

"I know dear. We'll get through it."

Chapter End Notes

So if you were ever reading the Ann-Kanji conversation chapter and thought to yourself
"why is Kanji randomly in Tokyo?", now you know.



Chapter 393: 7/16 - Evening

Worn.

Nanako read an article once about cortisol and oxytocin. Cortisol, the stress hormone.
Oxytocin, the "cozy" hormone, the cure to cortisol.

Like most things, it wasn't actually that simple. But Nanako knew that her cure for this day
had to be to maximize oxytocin.

"Is this like...a thing?" Ann asked, Nanako's head nestled in her lap.

"Human touch generates oxytocin," Nanako explained.

"That's not what I meant. I meant...you know, this."

She gestured along Nanako's body, to her legs, which were resting on Ren's lap.

The three of them, on Ann's couch, watching the latest episode of Relentless Empire. There
was a respectable distance between Ann and Ren, but they were still close enough that
Nanako could get maximized human contact.

"What do you mean a thing?" Nanako asked.

"Nevermind," Ann said.

"It's like having another cat," Ren said.

"I am NOT a cat!"



Chapter 394: 7/17 - Morning

The last of the exams.

This one felt different than the others. Those had been heart-pounding and exhilarating, a true
test of Nanako's mettle against the standards of the Japanese education system. Her level of
focus on those exams rivaled that of when she was infiltrating a palace and stealing a heart.

But this one felt different. Detached. Inconsequential, like the color of beige used in floor
tiles or the thickness of plastic wrapping on convenience store sandwiches.

The arrest had been random. Bad luck. That was the conclusion the group had come to after
looking at all the facts. Ren was an easy target given his probation. None of the other
Phantom Thieves had any encounters with police, nor had anything out of the ordinary
happened.

And yet it shook Nanako. There was no safety net beneath them. Bad luck could bring them
down at any moment.

Just stop it now. Quit.

The thought kept coming at her over and over, quiet, but relentless, like the drip of a leaky
faucet. She had everything she ever wanted. She had a boyfriend. She had friends. She had
done good in the world, she had brought justice to where there had been no justice.

Wasn't that enough? Who could blame her quitting now?

These thoughts turned into a stifling shame that strangled her.

How could she even think this? Where was her strength? Her resolve? Was this why the
others had true Personae and she was a vacant copy?

Her pencil tip broke. It was only then that she realized how heavily she was breathing. She
took a moment to calm down then raised her hand to request a replacement pencil.

She just had to forget it all. Find the rhythm of the test. Let the moment of clarity pass by her
and go bother someone else.



Chapter 395: 7/17 - Afternoon
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

"There are three players."

Yu looked up from his dwindling smoothie cup. Naoto sat across from him at the plastic
table. The smoothie shop was closed uncomfortably cold, but they sat by the storefront
window, where Yu could feel the Tokyo summer radiating against the left side of his body.

"I asked you here to talk about our group trip to Inaba," he said.

"You did. And you made your case and I have reluctantly agreed, so now you're going to hear
me out."

Yu sucked on the straw so that the last of the smoothie would make an annoying bubbling
noise.

"Go on."

"Player one: the person committing the mental shutdowns. They have an unusual power to
affect the minds and bodies of individuals without being there or even making contact. They
have loaned, or sold, their power to player two."

"What makes you say that?"

"Because of who player two is. Player two is a politician or some other government official.
That much is obvious by looking at the net results of the shutdowns. A pattern emerges when
you look at how politicians use the events to push their agenda."

"Do you know who?"

Naoto demurely leaned her head on one hand and smiled impishly.

"Are you asking me to figure out what politician might use underhanded means to
consolidate power?"

"Touche. But how do you know player one and player two aren't the same?"

"I could make a case to say that the earliest mental shutdowns don't follow the pattern of
pushing political change. But you would counter that by stating it could be the result of the
politician learning and experimenting with their abilities, much in the same way that serial
killers practice and refine their methods."

"Then what makes you so sure they're different?"

"Because player one's abilities are tied to the Midnight Channel."



Yu felt two things in his body at once. His head felt as if chopsticks made of thunderbolts had
thrust through his skull and stirred his thoughts like a cup ramen. How could Naoto make
such a bold leap in logic? No, not bold, impossible. His confusion at her thoughts left his own
in disarray.

But at the same time he felt a cold hand reach out from the bottom of his gut and grip his
heart so hard that it had trouble beating.

"Yu."

She took his hand. It grounded him, and after a moment, both sensations had passed. She
must have been able to sense that, because her hand withdrew immediately.

"But..."

"I don't have evidence," she interrupted. "So this is all conjecture. But...when we fell into the
Midnight Channel and had to confront those dungeons, those were dungeons created by our
psyches, by our own unresolved feelings and issues. And one by one, we handled our
Shadows and they became our Personas. We know this to be true, so we can use this truth to
lead us to two possibilities. First, it offers method for the mental shutdowns. Second, it
explains why player one and player two are not the same people."

"Do you think the Phantom Thieves are connected?" Yu asked, his own mind racing with
connections now.

"I'll get to that. But first, let's examine the possible methodology. In our experience, our
Shadows became dangerous beings in the Midnight Channel. We ultimately vanquished them
by coming to terms with the personal issues that were presented by the Shadow...except for
Mitsuo Kubo."

A cascade of video game images rushed back to Yu.

"Right. He refused to acknowledge his shadow, even after we defeated it...he continued to
live in his delusion."

"There is some room for discussion surrounding the fact that his delusion was quite different
from ours but let us set that aside for now. The point is, that what happened in the Midnight
Channel had permanent results for our psyches in the real world, for bad and for good. Now,
take that into consideration, if someone had the ability to enter the psyches of another person
through the Midnight Channel?"

"Then they could cause the mental shutdowns by attacking...well, I don't know. Some part of
them. Their shadow? Their desires?"

"I don't know the specifics either. But you're correct. It would explain why there is no one-to-
one contact, no alteration of brain chemicals, no poisons or hypnosis or any other explanation
we could come up with in the real world."



The grip on Yu's heart started to loosen and the confusion in his head was clearing, though he
wasn't sure he was feeling much better since it was all being replaced with an overwhelming
sense of dread.

"So...player one and player two because?"

"Because we have to look at the connections between those who can enter the Midnight
Channel. Teenagers. People with unstable and incomplete emotional and mental states."

"But there was Adachi and Namatame," Yu said.

"That proves the point. Adachi's mental state is far from stable. And Namatame was a
politician who, after he gained the ability to enter the Midnight Channel, lost his clarity as a
politician. Perhaps he lost his mental stability after gaining the ability. Or, perhaps he gained
the ability because of his mistakes in his marriage, leaving his psyche in a state of transition.
Either way, the mental shutdowns are creating a specific pattern that pushes an agenda
unclouded by this inner turmoil, which suggests that player one is working for player two.
Player two understands how the Midnight Channel works, but cannot utilize it for
themselves."

"That makes sense...but then who is player three? The Phantom Thieves?"

"No..." Naoto paused, giving Yu a long stare. Yu never liked that stare, it meant that she was
pondering a new angle. But whatever it was she was thinking about, she left it unsaid.

"The third player is a being of great power that has granted player one access to the Midnight
Channel."

"Grant access? Why would they do that?"

"You tell me."

Yu stared back at Naoto, confused. She sighed.

"As we already said, each of us gained our Personas by confronting our Shadows...except for
you. You never confronted your Shadow. Yosuke told me that the first time you went in, you
simply summoned Izanagi, awakened to the power. And for the past ten years, I never
questioned it...no, it was more like I couldn't question it. As if an outside power was making
the question slippery in my mind. But now it seems obvious to me."

Their eyes locked.

"There's a piece of our story that you haven't told us. Some portion that was known only to
you."

"Y-....yes," Yu struggled to get the word out. He longed to say more. He had carried around
the guilt and shame of hiding it for too long. He wanted to unburden himself. He had tried
before, so many times. He could do it now. Naoto could see past the mystery and was waiting
for the truth.



He just had to say it.

A limousine. The velvet room. Margaret. Igor.

Just say it. Any one of those things. Just say one word that would lead Naoto down the path.

"I...I can't."

"Because you are trying to protect us? Or because whatever power made the question
unasked for myself is also preventing you from speaking it?"

"I..."

He grit his teeth, trying to force the words out of his mouth. Naoto took his hand again.

"Yu, stop. It's all right. I understand. It is the second. There is an aspect to what happened to
us that was only meant for you. I don't need to know more than that....except...is there a third
player?"

"Yes," Yu said. Was the third player Igor? He didn't know. "But...the Phantom Thieves..."

"They're us," Naoto said. "A fourth player. The ones who can find the connections that we
can't now that we can no longer enter the Midnight Channel."

"So you think that's how they're doing it? Getting the confessions?"

"Yes. I...am not sure how. It must be a method similar to the mental shutdowns, but not one
that is deadly or permanent. It is a...forced healing. Or perhaps forced reflection, a method
that forces the target to come to terms with their Shadow within their own Psyche rather than
directly confronting it."

"So...what are you going to do? You can't tell this to anyone on your task force. But they're
going to expect you to keep investigating."

"I know."

Once again she released his hand.

"What do you think I should do?"

Right. Naoto couldn't make the final decisions without the information he had. He couldn't
share the information, so he had to help her figure out the next move.

"If you found the Phantom Thieves, you could tip them off," Yu said. "But...could you find
them without getting them arrested and blamed for the mental shutdowns?"

"That is also what I have been wondering. I don't know. The lead on the task force, the
prosecutor, she is...driven, to say the least. Is there a way for you to find them?"

"Me? As my capacity as a journalist or as the leader of the Investigation Team?"



"Both. Either."

Yu thought about it. He had tried to summon Igor and Margaret once before and nothing had
happened. And he had tried to enter the Midnight Channel when they lost Teddy, but to no
avail there either.

"I can try. But I don't think I'll do much better."

"I disagree. I think there's something going in your head, something about the Phantom
Thieves that you haven't consciously put together yet. If you start to look for them, then you
can maybe make that final connection."

"But you asked me what you should do. That's something for me to do."

"I...am going to look for Teddy."

"What?"

"He is a being of the Midnight Channel and the only other person who could help us find the
connections. If we can't find the Phantom Thieves, then he's my only shot and finding player
one. The only thing is...I think the reason he's gone has to do with player two."

"What? Why?"

"I don't know. Just a hunch."

Yu shook his head.

"You've been watching detective dramas again, haven't you?"

"They're nice. The mysteries there always unwind so neatly..."

Yu crumpled his drink and tossed it into the bin from where he sat.

"Okay. I'll help in any way I can."

"Thank you."

"See you in Inaba."

"...yes, yes, I'll be there."

Chapter End Notes

So you may notice that I changed my username.



I am applying for a new job so I need to anonymize a few more things on the internet.
That's just how it goes these days.

If you're the person(s) on the TVTropes page, could you update the username for me?
Thanks.



Chapter 396: 7/17 - Evening
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

"I'm never gonna eat another piece of sushi for as long as I live," Ryuuji moaned, craddling
his belly with both hands.

"Don't complain to me about it, I told you to hold back," Ann said.

"You ate just as much as I did!"

"Yeah, but which one of us could actually handle it?"

"Yusuke, are you crying?" Makoto asked him.

"I am overcome with emotion, that is all," he said, lightly dabbing at his eyes with the corners
of his sleeve. "To think that such beautiful food exists..."

Makoto patted him gently on the shoulder.

The group was making their way to the train station. Nanako and Ren were taking up the rear,
watching their friends in their merriment, strolling arm in arm. The food was good, Nanako
had to admit. It had been a long while since she'd been to a really nice sushi place. Somehow,
Ren had managed to sell Kaneshiro's case for quite a bit of money - at least enough to cover
the bill.

And even though part of her wept at the expense, she knew that they deserved extravagance.
To be a Phantom Thief means to live in the highest of highs and lowest of lows.

"What's wrong?" Ren asked her, tipping his head down so he could pour his voice, low and
smooth, into her ear.

"Nothing," she said, squeezing his arm to reassure him.

"You're thinking about something. I can see the wheels turning."

--

SOCIAL LINK RANK UP

Judgement: The Phantom Thieves

Level 3

"I guess I am a little, yeah. Sorry. I should be focused on the moment. Good friends coming
home from a good dinner."

He shrugged. "If something's bothering you, then it's bothering you. Share it with me, maybe
I can help."



"It's about that interview I want to do. Before dinner, I wrote a really good email. I even had
my big bro read it over, and he's an actual journalist. He said it was good. But it just got a
reply saying what was said on the phone, that she's too busy for an interview."

"Ah. I see. But that's bothering you for some reason."

"Yeah, it is..." Nanako said, leaning against his shoulder. It was only then, as her ear pressed
against him, that she realized that she wasn't just frustrated about not getting the interview.
Her Dojima instincts were stirring.

"You think something is off about it?"

"Maybe. I mean, I just asked for fifteen minutes, who can say no to fifteen minutes?"

"A busy CEO of a tech corporation," Ren countered.

"I suppose...but my email was really good. I have a hard time believing she would read that
and not at least offer an email interview."

"She probably didn't read it."

Nanako pushed off of him. "Of course! Of course, that's it, she hasn't even been made aware,
she probably has a secretary or an assistant or a secretary who works under the assistant who
probably tells her to screen all that stuff so she's not busy. I just need to get her attention."

"That's a good idea. How are you going to do that?"

"I...hm..."

They approached the train station, and Morgana, who had been walking between everyone's
feet, climbed back into Ren's bag so he could be smuggled onto the train. It pulled away, and
Nanako looked around at the other passengers. The whole car was filled with the young and
exuberant, ready to be swept away in the tides of alcohol and hormones and the promise of
wild and weightless freedom.

Nanako turned her attention back to Ren.

"I think you might be right."

"About what...?" he asked, coy.

"Come on, are you going to make me say it?"

"It will be more fun for me if you do."

"I think...I need to trick my way in."

His grin was all Joker in that moment.

At that moment, Ann stuck her head between the two of them.



"Trick who? What are we doing?"

"Ann, how's your Russian accent?" Ren asked.

--

SOCIAL LINK RANK UP

Judgement: The Phantom Thieves

Level 3

Chapter End Notes

Okay, back. I didn't get the job, but that's okay.

Anyway, I don't remember if I've mentioned this before here, but Futaba's arc has been
really one of the most difficult ones for me to figure out. That's part of the reason why
this section has taken so long, I haven't been able to figure out a version of the story that
fits in with what I want to do and that I find interesting enough to follow through and
write. A lot of the versions were just...rehashes of what happened originally. And that
idea was super boring and when you're writing for fun, boring just isn't going to cut it.

But, I spent three hours yesterday really working out the issues and I've landed on a
version I really like. So, full speed ahead!



Chapter 397: 7/18 - Daytime
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

"I still don't know why you brought me here," Mei said, doing nothing to hide her confusion
and disappointment.

She walked at Nanako's right, holding a parasol over her head to protect her from the
scorching sun. Though Mei's everyday clothing had tended to be formal in the past, she was
practical enough to know that her usual long-sleeved, dark dresses wouldn't be very
comfortable in the heat. She instead had chosen a pair of blue shorts and a slightly oversized
white t-shirt with a treble cleff printed on the front. On the back was the name of a music
camp she attended the year before and information about the dates and the attendees. She had
tied her long black hair into an adorable bun that sat squarely at the top of her head.

Nanako had chosen similar clothes: a melon-pink t-shirt with goldenrod English letters that
said "Dainty Protagonist" written in script (Nanako had found it hilarious, even though her
friends English skills weren't high enough to understand why), with a pair of teal shorts and a
dark purple bucket hat to keep the sun off of her. Her twintails swept down from beneath the
hat's brim.

"I wanted to...expand your horizons, inspire you. This event is for girls in technology and it's
taken a long time for the women of Japan to get where we are today, and there's still a lot
more to go. So being around a lot of women who are accomplishing a lot in a male-
dominated field can...uh...inspire you."

"You said that already. And I have no interest in technology."

Nanako smirked. "Oh? Then I suppose you don't need to have your tablet back at the house
then."

"...we don't need to get that extreme about it," Mei replied, her parasol lowering over her
face.

"Oh, there's my friends," Nanako said, pointing ahead.

Standing in front of the hotel lobby were Ren, Ryuji, and Ann. Ren had his school bag draped
over his shoulder, and Nanako could see Morgana's tail swishing back and forth before he
pulled it into the bag. Above them was a large sign that read "FEMALE FUTURISTS" in
bright white letters against a background of blue that was patterned with random computer
code. All around them, people were streaming into the lobby and towards the convention
room.

Mei took a step towards Nanako and lowered the parasol even more. Nanako felt the nerves
radiating off of Mei as they got closer and closer. Nanako gently reached over and took the



parasol as they crossed into the shade of the hotel and made a fuss over closing it down and
slipping it into her purse.

"Mei, these are my friends, Ryuji, Ann, and Ren."

Mei set her hands formally across her and gave a short bow. "It is nice to meet you."

"Aw, she's adorable!" Ann said. "It's nice to meet you too, Mei-chan."

Mei looked up and stared piercingly into Ann. "What's your favorite song?"

"Huh? Oh, uh...well I mean it changes around, but right now I'm into 'Doki Doki Love Su-'"

"Of course, unrefined taste. You no longer need to answer my question."

Ann looked like Mei had just stabbed her in the gut. "Wait, what, what do you mean..."

Mei swiveled her attention to Ryuji.

"Uh, I mean, as far as music goes, I-"

"I was not going to ask you. I can tell just by looking at you that you're classless."

"Nanako, what the hell is up with this girl!?" Ryuji said. Nanako put a heavy hand on Mei's
shoulder.

"Oh, she's just precocious and forgetting her manners right now, aren't you Mei-chan?"

Mei was undeterred by Nanako's hand and looked at Ren. Their eyes met, Ren meeting her
gaze unflinching.

"You're the boy who colored Nanako's Moonlight Sonata."

Nanako's face turned cherry red. "Mei!" Ren smirked, amused.

"So that's the kind of boy you're into..."

"I think it's time for us to get out of the heat, don't you?" Nanako said, pushing Mei towards
the door.

They followed the flow of people into the convention space. Two of the rooms were
designated for the event. The larger of the two was filled with tables and booths with a
variety of computers and other slabs of technology. The second one was where the
presentations and panels were being held. They entered the larger room first, and despite
Mei's protest of non-interest, her eyes widened at all the things she could do.

"What's that?" she asked, pointing at the closest booth.

"I don't know, why don't you go check it out?" Nanako asked.

"I'll go with you, Mei-chan," Ann said. Mei looked to Ann, then Nanako, then to Ren.



"Oh, I see. Looking for a moment alone. Well, I suppose you seem nice and responsible
enough," she said to Ann before turning and heading to the first booth. Ann sighed.

"Why do I feel like I need to improve myself for her..." she muttered, mostly to herself, as she
followed behind. Nanako turned to Ren.

"Okay, well, I have to say, I'm...surprised," Nanako said.

"At what?"

"At a lot of things. Firstly, how did you come up with this plan so quickly?"

"I started researching options when you first told me about your problem. I wasn't going to do
anything unless you asked, but I figured I might as well be ready. As it turned out, her official
social media account was pretty heavily advertising that she was going to be at this event.
Her company is one of the sponsors, and she is in one of the panels. She'll be meeting a lot of
young women who want to talk to her, so she'll be open to hearing your request. It's just a
matter of making sure you bump into her," Ren said.

"I see. The second thing is that this plan is kinda...straightforward."

Ren chuckled. "We're trying to get you to meet someone. This isn't like our usual activities.
Sometimes simple is best."

"Okay...then why bring Mei?"

"Plausible deniability. I mean, after the other day...who knows if we're being watched more
than usual, so if somebody asks, we have a reason to why we were here. Speaking of, it's
showtime, Mona."

Ren turned towards the wall and knelt down, setting his bag on the floor as if he was going to
search through it. Morgana slipped out.

"I'll look for tails," he reported. "But hey, I smell takoyaki, make sure you get me one."

"Deal," Ren said. Morgana bolted, slipping like a shadow underneath a booth. Ren scooped
up his bag.

"Okay...well what's the next part of the plan?"

"It's your call. The panel that Ms. Yamagishi is in it just started, so if you want to hear her
talk, you can go in and watch her. Ryuji, Ann, and I will take care of Mei for a bit. Or, if you
don't, we can just wait until her panel's over and then execute the bump-in."

"For real? I don't know if I wanna be berated by that little girl for the next half hour..."

"You wanna go with Nanako and listen to people talk about the future of computer
programming?"



Ryuji weighed the options in his head with the intensity of the Egyptian gods weighing the
hearts of the dead.

"No, that sounds boring."

Nanako considered if listening to Fuuka at the panel would be useful. The truth was other
than the public info on her website, and the fact that Kotone knew her, she didn't know
anything else about the woman. Kotone had told Nanako to "help her" but she didn't know
how she was supposed to do that. She needed more intel.

"I'll go to the panel. If Mei gets too grumpy, she likes sweets. She will tell you she doesn't
and she will refuse if you offer it, but just buy two of whatever you're getting and she'll cave
pretty much right away. And if you need to distract her, ask her about what she thinks about
classical music remixes."

"That sounds like a trap," Ryuji said.

"It is, but it'll buy you time."

She leaned up and kissed Ren on the cheek. "Thanks for this."

She then slapped Ryuji on the shoulder. "You too, bud."

"Yeah, yeah, enjoy your lecture..."

Nanako headed towards the other room.

Chapter End Notes

--

The "Dainty Protagonist" shirt is a real picture I saw online.



Chapter 398: 7/18 - Daytime
Chapter Notes

Here are the pieces referenced in today's chapter, if you want to listen to them when they
happen:

Chopin: The Black Keys etude

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dV7XsC94Z3E

Scriabin, Etude Op 8, No 12:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JFnjwGlzX6A

Nanako found a seat at the end of a row and tried to not think about how cold she was. She
should've known that an event in a hotel would have their air conditioner set to freezer mode.
She should've brought a sweater.

On the slightly raised dais were four women - one was the moderator of the panel, and the
other three were the panelist. Fuuka was at the end, the far right of the stage, her name clearly
printed on heavy cardstock. The moderator was asking questions and then the women were
answering in turn, but Nanako had blocked out everyone but Fuuka. Her Dojima Sense were
turned up to 11. She needed to learn everything she could.

Fuuka was a woman in her mid-twenties with a stylish short hair cut for her steely blue hair.
She wore an expensive-looking black blazer over a blue T-shirt that had the event's name and
logo on it. Her watch was of course a smart watch, though it wasn't any design Nanako could
recognize - possibly it was something either extremely exclusive and luxury, or it was
something Fuuka had designed herself. Her make up was well-applied, if a little plain. She
could almost hear the brands and colors Rise would be recommending.

The most important detail from Fuuka's physical appearance, though, was the shining
diamond ring on her left ring finger. She was either engaged or married. Most likely engaged,
the design of the ring looked like it was meant to have a wedding band attached to it. Nanako
wondered who the lucky person was.

Nanako thought back to the moderator's question: what could be done systemically to
encourage more women and girls to get interested in technology. As the previous panelist
finished, Nanako focused in on Fuuka's words.

"The question is an important one, but it's actually the wrong question to ask."

Nanako frown and felt the shock and anger rise up in her.

"The question we should be asking is why were they driven away in the first place."



As Nanako's shock and anger curdled into confusion, she could feel the rest of the audience
curdle with her. Fuuka pushed on, though.

"In 1988, in the United States, it is documented that 30% of all college students in STEM
were women. By 2008, that number had declined to half of that, and continued to dwindle.
And why is that? Because of the misogyny within the systems we occupy. And the situation
is worse in Japan. When the job of computer programmer and computer engineer became
prestigious and profitable, the narrative suddenly shifted. Those in the top of our society told
a tale that women were not very good. That, like the narrative pushed for math, that perhaps
there was a biological predisposition for men to be more logical, and women with all their
emotionality, could not keep their thoughts in a logical order."

Nanako found herself nodding along with Fuuka as she went on.

"So we have to remember that we aren't establishing a new narrative that women should be
invited to the table - we are fighting against a counter-narrative. Promotion and invitation
isn't enough, we have to take concentrated effort if we want that to change. And we should,
as a society, want that to change. When the best minds are allowed to flourish, all of society
benefits."

For not the first time, Fuuka's answer got applause, even from her fellow panelists. Fuuka
bowed slightly, then sat back and took a long drink of water. That was the sixth time she had
done that. Fuuka was well-spoken and had obviously thought long and hard about the issues
being talked about today, but she didn't seem to like being in front of people that much. To
Nanako, it looked like Fuuka had to work herself up into doing it, and then when it was over,
her body realized what she had just done, and needed the water and time to reset itself for
another pass. Nanako would've thought it was cute if Fuuka didn't radiate such an aura of
power and accomplishment.

The moderator followed up with a new question about what needed to be done with the girls
and women once they had shown up and taken an interest. Nanako observed Fuuka while the
other two answered. She didn't refer to any notes, but she did shut her eyes and made a subtle
scrolling motion with her hand in the air, as if she was accessing some sort of invisible
database for her to pull information.

"The truth is, that we have to do more than attract. We even have to do more than mentor. We
have to sponsor the up-and-coming talent. Providing them with encouragement and ideas is
one thing, but that doesn't change anything if we aren't giving them jobs. Real change only
happens when we...really change."

Her cheeks blushed at the last phrase. It was clever, but it seemed as i it were unintentionally
clever.

The panel wound down, everyone was thanked, and people started getting out of the seats
and milling around. Nanako had to stand up to allow other people to exit, but she didn't
immediately turn and head back to the other convention room. She stood slightly off to the
side, trying to peer through the corwd and see what Fuuka was doing. Ren would probably
want that information to plan his next move for -



"Hello."

Nanako turned to see Fuuka looking directly at her. Her heart leapt up into her throat.

"H-hello..."

"Do I know you from somewhere?" Fuuka asked.

"N-n-n...no, you don't."

"Oh. I'm sorry to have bothered you, it was just...nevermind, it's nothing..."

Fuuka was turning to leave. Nanako had to do something, now. A second attempt at talking to
her later would be awkward and might land wrong.

"It's really me who should be apologizing," Nanako said quickly. "Maybe you thought it was
weird I was staring at you."

Fuuka looked a little embarrassed, but she gave a slight nod.

"Yes, I admit, that was part of why I approached you."

"My name is Nanako Dojima, I'm a student at Shujin Academy. I write for the newspaper
there and I was trying to get an interview with you through your proper channels, but I kept
getting told no. So when I found out you were going to be here, I thought this might be my
chance to ask you for an interview in person. I guess I was trying to think of my approach
and I got a little fixated. I apologize. I overstepped."

Nanako made a move to bow in apology, but Fuuka was already waving at her to stop.

"No, no, please, it's quite all right. I'm impressed at a young eager student taking so much
initiative. I think maybe sometimes working in cybersecurity can make one a little paranoid.
And I apologize on behalf of my staff. They didn't even inform me that you had contacted us,
though I understand why. We're in the middle of a lot right now and they are just trying to
protect my time."

"I see...well, I can be flexible with time, work at your schedule or-"

"No, no, I didn't mean anything by that. I would be happy to give you an interview. It would
be pretty hypocritical of me to say everything I just said and then not follow through on it,
right? Here," Fuuka reached into the interior pocket of her blazer and pulled out her phone.
She unlocked the device, then handed it to Nanako. "Put your contact information directly in
here, then text your phone with it. We'll keep in direct contact and then we'll be able to meet."

"Thank you so much, this means a lot to me," Nanako said, taking the phone. She thumbed
her way across the screen, entering her name and phone number. Just as she hit save, a
notification slid down from the top of the screen. It was another text message from someone
named "DARLING <3."

DARLING <3: Quick, check the news.



Nanako hastily pushed the phone towards Fuuka. "I'm sorry, you just got a text message, I
didn't mean to read it."

Fuuka took the phone back and swiped around on the screen. Her focused was immediately
drawn into whatever was on the screen. Nanako really wanted to know why her fiance
wanted her to check the news. After all, Nanako had made contact now, but she still had no
idea what she was supposed to be helping Fuuka with for Kotone. Maybe this would explain
it. But how could she ask without being...

Wait a second, she was supposed to be a reporter. Being nosy was part of their job
description.

"Is everything okay?" Nanako asked.

"I...hmm...a hacker group just made a very bold declaration, that's all."

"What's a hacker group?"

"A collective of hackers that work towards a common purpose. Most of them are little more
than social clubs, but a few are actually very deadly, quite literally. They're part of what my
company fights against...this one is strange though..."

"What's strange about it?"

"They're challenging the Phantom Thieves."

It took all of Nanako's self-control to not either gasp or immediately reach for her own phone.
But then again, complete non-reaction didn't make sense either - the Phantom Thieves had
been gaining quite the following since the Kaneshiro incident.

"No way, the Phantom Thieves are super cool. This other group has no chance," Nanako said,
trying to channel maximum fangirl energy.

"I uh...I suppose..." Fuuka said. She was answering the questions, but she was very distracted,
constantly swiping on her phone. "But this group is Medjed. They carried out a hacking
attack three years ago that caused a ton of damage..."

Fuuka suddenly looked up. "I'm sorry, Ms. Dojima, but we'll have to talk another time. A
public threat like this usually gets my clients nervous, so I need to go..."

"Oh, of course."

"Text me in a day or two, though, and we'll get that interview taken care of. It was a pleasure
to meet you."

Fuuka gave Nanako a genuine smile before it was washed away in a tide of worry. With that,
Fuuka walked quickly towards the door. Nanako stepped to the side and finally pulled out her
phone, looking up "Phantom Thieves" and "Medjed." The first entry that came up was a
website. Nanako tapped on it. The site was black with green text and had a simple
announcement.



To the Phantom Thieves causing an uproar in Japan: Do not speak of your false justice. We
do not need the spread of such falsehood. We are the true executors of justice. However, we
are magnanimous. We will give you an opportunity to repent your ways. If you agree to a
change of heart, we will accept you as our own. If you reject our offer, the hammer of justice
will find you. We are Medjed. We are unseen. We will eliminate evil.

This was bad.

Nanako slipped her phone away and moved as quickly as she could towards the other room.
Ren was waiting by the doorway.

"We have a problem-" Nanako started. Ren raised his hand to stop her.

"I know. Mishima already texted me. We'll need to group up and talk about it. But not here.
We still have Mei, and we need to make contact with Fuuka-"

"I already did," Nanako interrupted. "I talked to her after the panel. I got her contact number."

"Oh. Well, mission complete, then."

"...was that your plan the whole time?"

"Yes."

"Really?"

"No," he grinned. "But that would've been cool if it was, huh? I don't know if Ryuji is going
to be relieved or irritated. I know Ann's going to be disappointed, I think she was really
practicing that Russian accent."

"You're ridiculous," Nanako said with the biggest smile on her face, nudging him with her
shoulder. "I better check on Mei. Let's find her."

They started down the rows of booths, but it didn't take long for Nanako to pick out Mei's
voice.

"This is an affront to the beauty of music!"

Uh oh.

Nanako rushed over to the booth. In the booth were two pianos connected to computers and
speakers, arranged as if they were supposed to be competing against each other. Nanako
noticed that only one of the pianos had a bench. A small crowd had gathered around the
booth, including Ryuji and Ann, who were staring dumbfounded at Mei, who had marched
herself into the center of the booth. There were three people in the booth - two were behind
one of the computers while the third, stood with a microphone. He was a man in his mid-
twenties with his hair slicked back and piled high on the top of his head, adding at least three
inches to his height. He wore rectangular glasses and spoke with a melodious, smarmy voice
when he said -



"All technology has threatened the artists of old. How do you think the masters of the
harpischord felt when steel tempering allowed the invention of the pianoforte? Technology
does not ruin music, it allows it to progress. EuterpeAI is the next progression."

"A computer will never play as well as a person," Mei declared. "And I'll prove it to you right
now."

"Mei-chan, I don't-" Ann started to say, but Nanako pushed her way through the crowd and
touched her shoulder.

"It's okay. Let her. I think she needs this," Nanako said.

"Ah, excellent, a challenger! Play any piece you'd like, young miss, and EuterpeAI will play
it just as well as you can."

Mei adjusted the bench height so that she could reach the keys appropriately. Then she played
a few scales and stretched out her fingers. The energy in the crowd shifted once she played
the scales. Most had seen the little girl and assumed she would play an adorable piece, but
even in something as simple as scales the average person could tell she was going to be
impressive.

"Is she good?" Ryuji whispered.

"Just wait and see," Nanako said.

"Chopin etude, opus 10, number 5," Mei declared. "Known as the Black Key etude. How
much of it should I play to humiliate your machine?"

"As much as you like, young miss."

Mei took a breath and then a ballistic flurry of notes erupted from the piano. Nanako had
known that Mei was talented and dedicated, but Chopin was generally on another level.
Nanako had never attempted the Black Key etude herself, but she had heard it, and Mei
attacked with her usual precision and delicate hand. For about a minute and a half, notes
came streaking at them like falling hailstones, beautiful and sharp and rapid and dangerous.

When she was done, the crowd had doubled in size and the applause was thunderous. Even
the tall-haired-glasses man looked impressed.

"We have been truly blessed today. Young miss seems to be quite the prodigy. Now, as I
demonstrated earlier, EuterpeAI is not connected to the internet and has no bank of pre-
programmed songs. We only have the camera and the sheet music, and we know that we
didn't pick the piece because the young miss did. Let's see how it does, shall we?"

The computer team went through a complicated process of showing the sheet music to the
computer. It replied in a strange AI voice and then did a warm up test. The other piano was
connected to motors that were controlled by the AI, and it played with surprising amounts of
control and dynamics. Nanako had seen mechanical pianos before, but they were generally
not as expressive.



And then it played the piece.

Perfectly.

Not perfectly in the way that a machine could replicate notes, but perfectly in the same way
Mei had, with a slight personality and gentle touch. They let the machine play the piece,
which also received applause and some murmuring. Then they had it play the opening of the
piece again. Nanako knew that not everyone would be able to hear the subtlety in the
differences of the second performance, but it was there. The AI had made different musical
choices the second time around.

Nanako looked at Mei. Mei looked tumultuous.

"So as you can see, young miss, it does an excellent job, wouldn't you say? Not that it
diminishes your talent-"

"But...that's not right!" Mei declared. "It's not right! Do you know how long I spent learning
that piece? That beauty is something that has to be earned! Understood! You can't understand
it until you've practiced it a hundred times, until you feel like your hands are the hands of the
composer, it...it's not right..."

"But does the listening audience know the difference, young miss? They hear a beautiful
piece played beautifully. Their experience is the same."

"It's not!" Mei was getting more upset. Nanako could see the tears welling at her eyes, her
cheeks reddening and her lips starting to quiver. "It's not, it's not, it's-"

Nanako rushed up to her and knelt by the bench.

"I'm sorry," Mei whispered, taking a deep breath. "I'm sorry, I'll get myself under control, I'll-
"

"No," Nanako said. "No. Don't push it down. Use it."

"What?"

"Play again. Something different. Take all the feelings you have right now and use it."

Nanako stepped back. Mei turned and looked at the piano, her hands falling on top of the
keys like snow on shrine stones.

"...Scriabin..." she whispered. "Etude in D-sharp minor, opus 8, number 12..."

In the opening notes, Nanako was immediately swept away in a fog of rage. It was so intense
that it actually took Nanako's breath away. The chords thundered Mei's anger while the
melody wove a tapestry of sadness and anxiety that colored the piece purple - as if the rage
were blood red and the sadness and anxiety were shades of blue, all mixing together.

There were mistakes. Nanako could hear them, and she was pretty sure everyone else could
too. But they didn't matter. She felt the song of Mei's heart. And everyone else could too.



When she was done, Mei was breathing heavily, her tiny shoulders rising and falling. Nanako
rushed up to the bench and took her hand.

"Come on, let's go."

There was a smattering of applause, but it was mostly stunned silence. Even tall-hair-glasses
didn't have anything to say for a moment. Some people called out to Mei, telling her she did a
good job, but Nanako knew Mei couldn't hear any of that at the moment.

Tall-hair-glasses started up his sales patter again.

"Well, now let's see if Eu-"

"Your program sucks, dude!" Ryuji yelled out. People laughed.

"It's not a program! It's an AI model that-"

"Nobody cares!"

And with that the Phantom Thieves made their exit with Mei in tow.

Mei didn't say anything all the way to the train station, nor did she say anything for a long
while in the train. Nanako just sat with her, letting her think.

"It wasn't ready," Mei finally said. Nanako turned to look at her, but still said nothing, just
waiting.

"I shouldn't have played the Scriabin in public. It wasn't ready. There were so many
mistakes..."

"Those didn't matter," Nanako said. "Nobody heard them."

"Of course they did. Even she could've heard them," Mei said, pointing at Ann.

"I did," Ann said. "But it wasn't like it mattered...it was how you played it that made it
amazing. I could feel everything you felt. It was amazing. See?"

Ann slipped out her phone. She had recorded Mei's second performance. Mei watched
herself, staring hard-faced and critical at herself for a moment. But her expression relaxed a
bit, turning into confusion and wonder.

"That was...me..."

"Yes," Nanako said. "That was. You did it. Now you just have to learn how to do it whenever
you want to."

Mei handed Ann's phone back to her and stared down at her hands in thought.

"Nanako."

"Yes?"



"Thank you for bringing me out today."

"You're welcome."

--

SOCIAL LINK RANK UP

The Priestess: Mei and Yuzu

Level 4



Chapter 399: 7/19 - Morning
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

"Please please please please please..."

"Nanako...you're gonna break my fingers..." Ann grit her teeth. Nanako had taken her hand to
squeeze out some of her nerves. Too hard, apparently. Nanako released her.

"Sorry. I just really need this to go well..."

Ahead of them was the posted exam scores, a shifting sea of uniforms undulating in front of
it as students moved towards and away from it.

Top 5, she prayed in her mind. She knew that Kaneshiro, Ren, everything had distracted her
from her studies. If she could just make top 5. Please. She prayed this thought over and over
in her head to whatever would listen - the kami of old, to Margaret, to Kotone, to whatever
drove the force of the Metaverse, to whatever pulled the cards of fate to -

3: Nanako Dojima.

"Third! Yes, third!" Nanako said, jumping into the air and pumping her fist. A few students
around her let out jealous grunts, stared daggers, rolled their eyes, or did all three. Ann gave
her a congratulatory pat on the shoulder, but her attention was focused on finding her name.

"Hey, I did better than usual!" Ann said.

"Ahh, I knew you could do it! Way to study, Ann!"

They were both jumping now, hand in hand. Relieve poured over her, washing away worry
that had caked onto her like dried mud. Dad would be happy with third. If he wasn't, she'd
just spin it so that the schools out in Tokyo were way tougher than out in Inaba. But there was
no way he could be upset about third in the class.

Even if she was a little disappointed in herself. If she could organize her time just a little bit
better, she could get back to first...

"Ryuji did pretty well too. And look at your boy."

6: Ren Amamiya

He held back. That was Nanako's immediate thought. They should've been neck and neck.
But he didn't want to attract too much attention to himself, so he dropped back.

...but not that far back. He was still in the top 10.

Maybe some hope was getting into him.



"Makoto should be happy with this," Morgana said.

Nanako and Ann turned around to see Ren with Morgana peeking his head out of his bag.

"And I am too. Way to go guys, we're going to be able to maintain our cover just fine."

"You did well," Ann said to Ren. "Not as well as Nanako..."

"I didn't think I would," he said with a smile that made Nanako's heart skip. She really
wanted to kiss him in that moment, but people were still staring daggers at her. Last thing she
needed was more attention. "This calls for a reward, don't you think?"

"Like a nice date?" Nanako said, batting her eyelashes.

"Exactly."

"I look forward to it."

Chapter End Notes

Sorry for the little break there. I just got back from Hawaii.

What, it was research for the part when they go to Hawaii! I swear, I wasn't there for any
other reason!



Chapter 400: 7/19 - After School



>./attic_watch.py

~~~ Deploying Attic Watch from Node-LBL ~~~

[+] Visual feed online: LBL-ATTIC-CAM1  

[+] Visual feed online: LBL-ATTIC-CAM2  

[+] Audio channel engaged: LBL-ATTIC-MIC-FRONT  

[+] Audio channel engaged: LBL-ATTIC-MIC-REAR  

[*] Uplink masked. No traceable packets.  

[✓] Surveillance grid active. Attic audio-visual link is live.




MAKOTO: Everyone's here, so we should get started. This is pretty serious. 

RYUJI: Yeah, we gotta do something!...about...the...what's going on, exactly? 

ANN: Yeah, I have to admit, I don't really understand it either. 

MAKOTO: (sigh) Right...let me start from the beginning. The hacker group Medjed has
made a declaration against the Phantom Thieves. They are claiming that they are the only
ones allowed to execute justice but they'll let us go if we change a heart of their choice. If we
don't accept, then the 'hammer of justice' will find us. 

ANN: That sounds bad. 

RYUJI: It sounds like a bluff. How the hell would they know who we were? The police
haven't figured it out, how could they? Who are these guys anyway? Just a bunch of
copycats. 

NANAKO: No, actually, if anything, Medjed could claim that we are the copycats. Medjed is
a hacker group. Was? Is? It's a little confusing, but it was definitely a hacker group formed
about five years ago. I did a bunch of research on this, hold on, what notebook did I write it
in...

(shuffling sounds) 

RYUJI: Hey Ren, you think we could snag a couple of drinks from downstairs? I noticed
Boss keeps some of that French orange stuff down there. 

MORGANA:  (aggressive meowing) 

RYUJI: Okay, okay, geez, calm down. 

NANAKO: Here it is. Okay, it was founded five years ago and quickly did a bunch of
vigilante hacking involving leaking government corruption all over the world. This got them
on the watch lists of European INTERPOL, the American FBI, and the Japanese PSIA. As



more groups started investigating them, their activities became more targeted and less public,
and they started moving from stealing information to manipulating it - causing chaos within
the databases of government agencies in order for them to work less effectively. 

MAKOTO: So these people have skills.

NANAKO: Yes, but the story takes a turn. About three years ago, Medjed released an
extremely dangerous virus within the systems in Yokohama. The virus rewrote information in
a lot of important public databases, including law enforcement, banking, public
transportation, energy...but the big problem one was medical. Several people died as a result
of this information overwrite as medical records were inaccurate. 

RYUJI: Holy shit...

NANAKO: Authorities eventually captured Sota Suzuki, age 43, who was identified as the
ringleader of Medjed and the primary coder of the virus that caused all those problems. He
was arrested and convicted soon after. Medjed died after that, with no other members being
caught and no further activity happening.

MAKOTO: Until yesterday. Your research is very thorough, Nanako, good job.

NANAKO: Thanks! 

MAKOTO: I did research of my own and came up with mostly the same information. A few
things to add before anyone asks: Sota Suzuki is still in captivity at a high-security prison. It
is highly unlikely to be him. 

YUSUKE: Then is it former Medjed members trying to use the popularity of the Phantom
Thieves to gain their own notoriety? Or perhaps a copycat organization trying to use our
popularity in conjunction with a infamous name? 

MAKOTO: I don't think so...it wouldn't be on the news if there wasn't some sort of credibility
behind it. People are making crazy claims on the internet all the time. 

NANAKO: But what kind of validity? Are you saying the authorities were able to verify it? 

MAKOTO: I don't know. My sis hasn't said anything about it, but she's focused on...well,
capturing us. 

ANN: But that means she'll be eventually looking into Medjed then, right? 

MAKOTO: Well yes but...I don't think she's going to tell me. I can try, but...

RYUJI: But this is assuming this isn't a bunch of bullshit, like Yusuke said, right? 

MORGANA: (thoughtful meowing) 

Ghostly fingers tapped on the keyboard, switching to camera 2. Yes, it did seem like...the cat
was meowing something intentionally...and it did look like they were listening to it...



REN: We're in a counter-attack position. We don't know if Medjed is real or not. We don't
know if they have the ability to strike at us. And we have no way of finding out. None of us
have any computer skills...do we? 

NANAKO: If anyone would've had them I thought it would be you. 

REN: Not anywhere close to this level. So we're stuck. We will have to wait for them to act
and respond accordingly. 

RYUJI: What about Mishima? He's been doing our website and stuff, can't he do something? 

REN: I don't think he has that kind of ability. And I don't want to drag him further in unless
we're way out of options. 

NANAKO: Well...I was talking to that tech person yesterday at the conference. I could try
and ask her during our interview. She seemed to be taking it seriously too, but she also is the
kind of person that would be in charge of stopping someone like that. 

REN: Okay. If you think you can do it without letting on we're the Phantom Thieves. 

MAKOTO: I'll also try and get info from my sis. 

REN: I think those are our only two paths of action right now, unless someone else has an
idea?....Okay. In the meantime, no mention of Phantom Thieves activities on our phones.
Only in person communication. I know that will make it difficult for you, Yusuke, but we'll
try and meet up often. School is almost out, so it should be easier. 

YUSUKE: It is no problem, I understand. 

MORGANA: (inspirational meowing) 



python attic_watch.py --off




"Is this it..." she asked herself, looking at her fingers. They were trembling. Her whole body
was trembling.

"Is this my chance?" 

 



Chapter 401: 7/20 - After School

The headquarters for Ganymede Protection Systems was, conveniently, in Shibuya.

Nanako realized that if she were playing the role of the eager young reporter, she needed to
act like one. And as Big Bro had told her countless times, the main part of the job of
reporting was the legwork.

In her research, Nanako had discovered that Shibuya was the home of a lot of start-ups, not
just tech. The tech industry was all over Tokyo, though Fukuoka was trying to brand itself as
an international start-up central by providing various tax breaks to overseas companies. But it
tracked that Ganymede Protection Systems would locate itself in Tokyo. It had most of its
major funding from something called the Kirijo Group, which Nanako could only scratch the
surface of. The Kirijo Group was one of those blank-label multifaceted companies that
seemed to do nothing and yet did everything.

Nanako had managed to find some sort of publicly available finance report that explained
their exact financial situation and apparently would've told her juts how much Kirijo Group
was involved but she couldn't make sense of it, and she didn't know who to ask. It didn't seem
too important, though. In general, the company was doing well, so that didn't seem like the
thing Kotone wanted her to fix.

She really wished she knew what it was, exactly, she was supposed to be doing, and felt
herself growing annoyed Kotone wouldn't tell her.

Or couldn't.

The truth was, Kotone didn't seem fully human anymore. Whatever happened to her, it
changed her. She interacted with reality in a strained way, as if it were taking all of her
concentration to create some shell of human thought.

Nanako didn't like to think too much about it. Because when she did, she had this sinking
feeling, this pull towards an understanding of what it was like to be human, but not quite,
stuck between two worlds that...

When the last chimes rang for the day she gave Ren and Ann a hug and rushed through the
stairs, stumbled through getting her shoes back on, and made a break for the train.

Upon arrival, Nanako had to figure out how to use the elevators. She wandered back and
forth in the elevator bay for several minutes before the doorman finally came over to her and
explained that the system was fully digital now, and that if she had an appointment to be
there, she should have a QR code that would both give her elevator access and would take her
to the correct floor. The two of them peered over her phone for a few minutes as Nanako
searched through her email to find the message that Fuuka's secretary had sent with the
appointment confirmation, and indeed there was a pixelated square waiting for her.



Nanako felt silly as the doorman helped her scan the code under the reader. The screen then
pointed to which elevator she was supposed to use, and she walked into it.

The doorman had to be in his 60s and he had completely outfoxed her use of tech. How
embarrassing.

The elevator opened into a clean working office. The front desk was white with the
Ganymede Protection Systems logo with glowing blue in front of it. The logo was a planet
with a ring around it, and looked a bit more like something you would put on a spaceship
than a tech company, but what did Nanako know about corporate marketing. There was a
middle-aged woman behind the desk, typing away into her workstation.

"Ah, you must be the student for the interview. Ms. Yamagishi is expecting you. Just go
across the center aisle and then into the office," the woman said to her without even looking
up from her screen.

"Thank you," Nanako offered. She wondered if this was the woman who had prevented all of
her messages from getting to Fuuka in the first place. She kind of wanted to ask, maybe
deploy a withering stare or attempt to use some sort of teenaged-powered insecurity attack.
But that wouldn't be right, and it wouldn't really get her anything.

Nanako wondered if her life would be more exciting if she weren't so good at letting things
go.

She walked through the cubicles. There were only six of them, and they were much larger
than ones she'd seen in the police station, probably about double the size. But each seemed to
have double the amount of computers and screens. Each of them had someone typing away or
clicking through windows and reading charts and graphs and lines of gibberish. Nanako
started counting, and the fewest monitors she saw at a workstation was four.

They were all engrossed in their work except for the last guy, who was spinning around in his
chair. They made eye contact and he smiled. Nanako smiled back, but continued on towards
the office.

She could see Fuuka on the other side of the glass walls that separated her and the cubicles.
Her setup seemed kinda plain in comparison, though based on the fact that the logo behind
her desk kept moving around, Nanako figured that the wall could be reconverted into a huge
work screen. But aside from that she had just a keyboard, mouse, and a single display.
Nanako walked to the glass door and tapped on it. Fuuka looked up and waved for her to
enter.

"Hello again, Ms. Dojima," she said with a smile.

"Thank you again so much for agreeing to meet with me," Nanako said, rushing to shake her
hand. The two sat down and Nanako dug out a notebook and pen.

"Not at all. It's nice to give back to the community, and to be honest, I need to slow down a
bit now and then."



"Your office is beautiful," Nanako said. "Very futuristic."

Fuuka made a face. "I think it's a little much, but the office space was designed by my
investor and I couldn't say no to it. It does seem to give a good impression to clients, though,
so I guess I can't complain too much. Would you like anything to drink?"

"Iced tea, please," Nanako said. Fuuka tapped a button on her keyboard and asked the woman
at the front to bring iced tea.

"So, I didn't even get a chance to ask, where do you go to school, Ms. Dojima?"

"Shuji Academy. I'm a second year there. Third in my class as of yesterday."

"Well, congratulations are in order then. That's a big accomplishment."

"I hope my father thinks so," Nanako said.

"He has a lot of expectations for you, does he?"

"Uh. Well. Not much more than any parent has for their child, I guess. It's just, I moved to
Tokyo to go to this school. He wasn't thrilled about me leaving home and I just hope that he
thinks that it's worth being away from him."

"Ah, I see. Where are you from, if you don't mind me asking?"

"Yaso-Inaba. Just past Okina Town," Nanako said automatically."

"Mm. I think I understand your situation a bit," Fuuka said, folding her hands on the desk. "I
went away to school too, to a place called Gekkoukan High. But my parents didn't seem to
much mind I was away. They're both doctors and had very high expectations of me, too. As
long as I was at the top, that was all that mattered to them."

Nanako was about to speak to defend her father - it wasn't exactly like the way Fuuka was
describing her family and she felt compelled to clear it up. But she stopped herself. This
wasn't the goal. She had come here to get information on Fuuka, and instead she was here
talking all about herself! She had to get control of the flow of conversation.

Luckily, it was at that moment that the office door opened. The secretary came in with a
bottle of expensive iced tea and two glasses with ice. The ice was perfectly spherical and
bobbed as the tea was poured into the glass. The secretary gave a small bow after serving the
glasses onto coasters, then exited. Fuuka reached over to a corner of her desk and clicked a
switch. Suddenly, the glass walls and doors turned into a frosted opaque.

"This will give us a bit of privacy," Fuuka said. "Also it'll help me concentrate on just you.
Do you mind?"

"No, it's fine," Nanako said. "That's...really cool."

"It's simple technology," Fuuka waved it off. "Again, I think it's a little much, but...I guess it
does have an effect."



"Have you always been interested in technology?" Nanako asked, clicking her pen and taking
up a position to write. Fuuka sipped her tea.

"Yes, I suppose so. I really got into it in high school. It was there that I started to take coding
seriously. I also started learning about hardware and building your own computers. It was
also then that I started to learn how they were just more than machines for consuming video
games or typing documents. If used correctly, they could be used to change the world in real,
meaningful ways."

"Like what?"

"Well, like cybersecurity," she said, spreading her hands at the technological wonder around
her. Nanako paused a moment to take notes.

"Was there a specific event that inspired this shift?"

Nanako looked up. Fuuka's mouth looked as if it was ready to deliver something prepared -
an answer to a question she had obviously been asked dozens of times before. But she
hesitated.

"I...well...let me think for a minute..."

Nanako picked up her glass of tea and sipped it. It was expensive, and therefore had a unique
flavor, though she wasn't sure if itw as better than any other tea she'd ever drank. It'd been
sitting with the spherical ice cube long enough that some of the meltwater had mixed in with
it, diluting the taste. She wondered what the pure taste of the tea was like, or if even it was
supposed to be drank pure like that.

She watched Fuuka.

Nanako knew the answer. Of course there was a specific event. It was whatever the event was
that made Kotone...whatever she was. Something had happened.

Something.

And she knew it was something like the something that was happening with her and the
Phantom Thieves. Something that couldn't be really explained. Something that was only truly
understood by those going through it. Something that felt once-in-a-lifetime.

Except it had happened before.

Twice before.

Because the something that had happened with Fuuka and Kotone and Akihiko was different
than the something that happened with Yu and Rise and Chie and all of them. Three
somethings. That were...connected?

Nanako started having difficulty concentrating on Fuuka, much in the same way that Fuuka
was having difficulty concentrating on the answer she was trying to give Nanako. There was
a connection between the three things that happened, a rhythm and rhyme to them. It was



obvious now that she was sitting here with ice tea in her mouth, settling on her tongue and
mingling with the meltwater. But she couldn't make that connection before. An outside force
had made it harder to do that, tried to make it impossible. She wasn't supposed to think about
it, but now that she was there, with Fuuka, someone who had been touched by the something,
the barriers in her thought were starting to melt - become sticky and bendable, like molten
glass or chocolate that has been left in a pocket.

And that was what Fuuka was feeling. There was a connection to Nanako, someone who
would understand the truthful answer to the question, but unlike Nanako, Fuuka didn't know
the context. Nanako only barely knew the context. And whatever the something was that
started all these somethings didn't want them to figure it out.

It was against the rules.

The something has rules?

Of course it does, Nanako knew that, Margaret had said so...Margaret had said they were
going to bend the rules. To cheat.

So could Nanako push this feeling further?

Could she push it far enough to make the connections true, past the walls of bending-

The computer in front of Fuuka trilled and startled the both of them. Nanako almost choked
on her tea, swallowing it in a huge gulp, then coughing. Cold spread across her chest as some
tea had spilled on her. Fuuka looked caught between the call coming in on the computer and
offering to help with Nanako.

"Yes?" Fuuka said into the computer.

"I'm sorry to interrupt, Ms. Yamagishi, but your fiance is here."

"Oh. Oh, I see, well, send him in. And could you bring some napkins?"

"Right away."

"I'm fine," Nanako said, though she watched as the dark stain continued across the stark
white of the Shujin uniform. Say what one might about the dark Yasogami uniform, it didn't
stain. Fuuka hit the switch on her desk and the glass walls and doors became transparent
again. Nanako turned in her seat and watched as the secretary scurried down the cubicles,
napkins in hand. Behind her strode a tall, distinguished looking man in an expensive suit.

The door opened and the secretary identified what was wrong immediately, handing Nanako
the napkins.

"I'll get a little club soda for you to use so the stain doesn't set..." she said, her tone and
demeanor turning more matronly than before.

"Really, it's fine..." Nanako started working at cleaning herself up.



"Hello. I'm sorry to interrupt..." the man said. Nanako looked up at him. He was older than
she expected, at least his late forties, maybe even his early fifties. He was still handsome, and
clearly well-established based on the quality of his suit. His head was shaved bald, but he had
a meticulous goatee and stylish glasses.

"Ms. Dojima, I'm sorry, this is my fiance, Masayoshi Shido, from the National Diet."

The politician looked down at her and gave nod.

"Ah, a student. The future of our nation rests in its youth. Are you old enough to vote?"

"Not quite yet," Nanako replied.

"Well, when you do, I hope we can count on your support," he smiled warmly, then looked at
Fuuka. "Darling, I'm sorry, I hate interrupting you, but there's a rather urgent matter..."

"Ah, I see....I'm so sorry, Ms. Dojima, we didn't even really answer any of your questions."

"I don't mind, we can reschedule."

Fuuka sighed with relief and smiled. "Yes, I'd like that very much. We'll be in touch soon,
okay?"

The secretary finished cleaning up the iced tea and helped Nanako out of the office. The door
shut and the glass went opaque once again. Nanako kept working on the stain on her shirt as
she went back to the front door.

"When you get home, make sure you put some cleanser powder right on the stain and put it in
the wash right away," the secretary said.

"Thank you, I will."

"I suppose I'll give you this card for next time, it will save you the hassle," the secretary said,
reaching into her desk drawer and pulling out a small keycard. "This will allow you to use the
elevator and bring you to the office."

"Oh, thank you....are you sure?"

"Yes, yes, you can return it when your interview is done. Between you and me, sending out
those QR codes is a pain."

Nanako smiled and accepted the card, then returned to the elevator. As she waited, she ran
her tongue over her teeth, still tasting the traces of that tea.

It felt like something important just happened.

But she didn't know what.



Chapter 402: 7/20 - Afternoon
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

"Is everything all right?" Fuuka asked.

Masa sat down across from her. He took off his glasses, something he never did unless the
two of them were alone, and rubbed his eyes. There was a long, stretched out pull in Fuuka's
heart, like gum being stretched too far, a sensation full of yearning to comfort her fiance. He
carried so much stress, so much pressure on him all the time, and while she admired him for
it, she also worried.

"Yes, yes, everything is all right. Or it will be. There's an incredible opportunity here for us -
for you, especially."

He set his glasses back on his face and recomposed himself.

"I was just in a cybersecurity briefing. They have verified that the threat from Medjed is
legitimate."

Fuuka took a long breath.

"I was worried about that. I spent all day yesterday on the phone with clients ensuring them
that they were going to be safe. Now I may have been a liar..."

"Not exactly. While our people think that the threat from Medjed is legitimate, they source is
different."

"What do you mean?"

"What do you know about the first time Medjed was stopped?"

Fuuka gave a little shrug. "They were a hacker group focused on cyberterrorism. They
attacked corporations that felt that were harming the people. Sometimes they outed
government corruption, so they had a bit of a folk following for a while. Then the attack on
Kasumigaseki happened...police records were rewritten, government files were in total chaos.
The virus had an insane propagation rate and it travelled out of control - possibly more than
Medjed wanted it to, because it started hitting major hospitals, like Mitsui Memorial and
Nihon University. Medical records were rewritten. Procedures were missed, medication
mixed up - people died. Soon after that the PSIA found the ringleader and he was arrested."

"Yes. That's right. The ringleader was a man named Sadao Kobayashi. He's still imprisoned
and not allowed any access to technology. So I can say with full assurance that while this
Medjed is a threat, it is not with the same man at the head...I'm curious though, why did you
say that the virus travelled more than Medjed wanted it to?"



"Oh, uh...well, it just didn't fit their methods or their mission. All of their previous attacks
were based on bringing light to corruption from corporations or government officials. They
never did anything to hurt the common person, so I can't see why they would've wanted the
virus to attack hospitals. And as I said, the propagation rate on that is like nothing anyone has
ever seen, whoever coded it must've been a genius."

"So something like that can't be stopped?"

"Of course not, everything can be stopped. If you can program something, you can
deprogram it."

"I was hoping you would say that."

Masa reached into his coat pocket and slid a small USB thumb drive across the shiny desk.
Fuuka picked it up. It was warm from his body, and smelled like him - a combination of
whisky and his cologne.

"What is this?"

"A fragment of the code that was used in the attack. The virus is apparently called FAIRY
RING. The technical guy explained it to me, but you know I'm a luddite when it comes to
computers. I'm sure you can figure out what to do with it without his explanation. After all,
you're the genius."

"I don't understand...what are you suggesting?"

"That we take a stand, my love. Medjed has publicly declared that they are going to attack the
Japanese banking system. And while yes, some may see the banking system as greedy and
problematic, fixing it needs to come from reform, not from destruction. As I understand it,
FAIRY RING doesn't destroy data, it rewrites it, correct?"

"Yes."

"Then a lot of ordinary people are going to suffer if Medjed unleashes an attack on the
banking system. But you can stop them."

"Well...yes, theoretically, I can, but that assumes they're going to use FAIRY RING again...if
they don't, I'll have to think of all the other methods and angles of attack, and to do that I'll
need access to the banking systems computer architecture and - "

"We can arrange all of that. But think of what could be done with this. We make a public
declaration that Ganymede Protection Systems is going to ensure that all of the bank are
protected, that everyone's data and money will be safe. This is easy to do, since Medjed has
made a public declaration. If nothing happens and Medjed says nothing more, then we can
declare victory. If they attempt to attack again and claim victory, but you thwart it, then we
also declare victory. And with a victory like that, it would be easy for me to get you
government contracts. You'd be the primary cybersecurity company for the entire country of
Japan."



"That's...that's incredible...and scary..."

His large, warm hands wrapped around hers - tiny and frail as they were. The anxiety started
to melt away under his touch.

"I know this will be an ordeal. But I believe in you. You can do it. And this would solve your
financial problems. You don't want to have to go back to the Kirijo Group, do you?"

She set her jaw in determination. No. She had made her decision. She told Mitsuru that she
was going to stand on her own two feet, that she would make her own way in the world. And
this was her chance to prove it - to Mitsuru, to the Japanese people, to Masa, to the Diet - to
herself.

"Okay. Let's do it."

He leaned across the table and kissed her.

"Shall we get dinner?"

"Dinner? No, I have to start looking at this code right away. Who knows when Medjed is
going to strike."

Masa chuckled.

"I'll order delivery, then."

Chapter End Notes

::twirls mustache evilly::



Chapter 403: 7/20 - Evening

Yo.

Damn. Shit. Damnit.

Damnit damnit damnit shit shit shit shit shit.

DAMNIT DAMNIT SHIT.

That's weird. Writing that down made me feel better. Prolly cause I can't yell it out right now.
Ma would slap me around if I did.

Nah, she wouldn't. But she'd yell at me. I'd deserve it. Shitty apartment walls are so thin, it'd
make us sound like we're trashier people than we already are.

It's her fault tho. Sorta. Sorta my fault. I dunno. Everything feels so damn twisted up inside
me. I thought all this writing shit was supposed to make me feel better.

Ok, I feel better. I did like fifty pushups.

I guess I better write it all out and figure out what went wrong.

Ma told me to invite Nanako over for dinner. I told her it'd be awkward but she insisted I do
it. I was supposed to do it two days ago, but I forgot. Or maybe I just didn't do it because I
didn't want it to happen. So I waited until today to text her, and I figured she'd probably have
something else to do so.

She didn't. Then she got all Nanako-y and started getting all excited about it and goddamnit, I
didn't know how to tell her to not come cause I didn't want Ma to make it weird so I just sorta
gave in. So I texted Ma that she was coming and she told me to get a bunch of stuff at the
store, so I went to do that, then circled back to the station and waited for Nanako.

I texted Ren about it while I waited. I don't know why. Maybe because I didn't want him to
think I was trying to steal his girl. Or maybe I was hoping he'd get pissed off and tell me not
to do it and then I'd have an excuse to tell Nanako to go back home, but all he said was "have
fun" and that he was busy anyway going to a church? That guy is always doing the most
random shit.

And some best friend he is! I needed the guy to be a jealous jackass and he didn't pull
through!

Nanako showed up and she was immediately like "What's wrong?" because she always seems
to know when other people are upset. Though it's not like I'm good at hiding it. I didn't know
what else to say so I just told her that I didn't ant her to come because my Ma was probably
going to make it weird and Nanako said I should've just told her but I told her I don't like
lying to Ma. Or to her. Which is true. So it as just easier to get it over with. Nanako promised



she'd do her best to make it short if it got uncomfortable, and I felt a little better about it,
though Nanako wasn't sure why it would get uncomfortable.

We got home and Ma was already cooking mille fueille nabe. It smelled hella good and I
kinda forgot about how weird it was gonna be. Nanako rushed to the kitchen and she and Ma
argued about whether or not Nanako should help her. Ma said no, because she was a guest,
and Nanako insisted because she loved cooking anyway and she knew that Ma had been
working all day and all Nanako had done was go to school. Though that didn't really feel true
to me, because Nanako looked a bit tired when I picked her up, like she'd been doing
something else all afternoon, but I didn't ask. Plus, what the hell do I know, I'm shit at reading
people.

Ma and Nanako talked about all sorts of stuff. I just sat at the table and waited. I wasn't sure
what else to do. Our kitchen is too small for three people, and I'm shit at cooking. It actually
got to a point where I got up and went to clean my room up, mostly so I wouldn't have to hear
about whatever they were talking about.

Dinner was ready and it was good. Me being pissed off didn't ruin the meal, and Ma had the
courtesy to not spoil it for me with some random ass questions and statements. But just as I
was finishing up, she finally said what I was worried she was gonna say: that she was
thankful for Nanako. That I had never had grades on exams like the ones I had before, and
she knew that it was Nanako that helped me study and that she was thankful she was a good
influence on me.

I told her not to make a big deal about it, that I was still pretty shit at school and that it wasn't
like it was gonna make a big difference, and Nanako said I should chill out, that I was more
capable than I thought I was and Ma was all supportive of that too and then...damnit, I don't
know. It all pissed me off. I don't even remember what I said, but Ma got upset and said I
shouldn't "speak like that" in front of a nice girl like Nanako and Nanako said it was fine,
which was irritating because I didn't want it to be fine, I wanted it to be bad so Nanako would
leave my damn house.

I went outside on the balcony. I thought about rushing out, but I was wearing my house shoes
and I couldn't ruin those, we can't afford new ones so I just stood there for a while gripping
the railing.

Nanako came out and was all "what the hell's the matter with you?" and I told her that I didn't
want my Ma hoping too much for me. I didn't want her hoping that Nanako and I were gonna
be a thing, I didn't want her hoping I was gonna do well in school and go to college and all
that because this was a fluke. I'm shitty at school, I'm shitty at life, and the best I'm gonna
hope for is making manager at 777 someday, and that pissed me off because I WANT to be
better than that, you know? My shithead father left us and Ma has had to struggle so hard, but
I must've inherited a lot of that shit because I'm pretty goddamn useless.

I didn't say nothing for a while and neither did Nanako. Then she was all "you're telling the
wrong person this stuff." Then she told me that the person holding me back more than anyone
was myself, and that believing in yourself can be scary, especially since I went through all
that shit with my knee, but that I needed to be strong for myself and take that chance. Then
she went back in and said bye to Ma and then went away.



I went back inside. Ma was cleaning up and I told her to stop, that I would do the cleaning up
and I could tell Ma was crying and I told her to stop doing that. She said she heard everything
I said and felt like she'd failed as a mother if I didn't believe in myself, like she didn't love me
hard enough. And that messed me up, and I told her it was nothing like that, I just was scared
of trying again, like Nanako said. I didn't want to work that hard only to lose it all from some
kinda shitty accident. I told Ma I really wanted to give her a better life so she wouldn't have
to work so hard and have nicer stuff and not always worry about money and I thought track
was gonna do that for us and now I didn't know how to do it anymore. And then Ma told me
that she didn't want me to do all, that she just wanted me to be happy, and she was sorry she
was making it a big deal, she was just happy that I was a lot happier lately with all my new
friends.

I almost told her about the Phantom Thieves right there.

But I didn't. And I told her that I was sorry for the evening, and she said I should go
apologize to Nanako but I told her we were probably fine, but I'll probably text her an
apology later.

Then Ma asked if I was gonna ask her out and I told her that she was already with Ren and
then Ma felt all embarrassed about it, but I told her it was fine.

Damn, I do feel better writing all that down.

And I guess things are better than I thought they were, now that I'm re-reading it.

I'm tired. I'm going to bed.

--

SOCIAL LINK RANK UP

The Emperor: Ryuji Sakamoto

Level 6



Chapter 404: 7/21 - Lunch

STEALTH = Network.mask_location('TOKYO_SPOOF').assign_temp_number()
Device.target('REN_PHN').bypass_security('ROOT_ACCESS') ENCRYPTED_QUEUE
= Messaging.encrypt_sequence(key='ALIBABA').schedule_delivery(delay_min=5)
Device.target('REN_PHN').msg_db.inject_queue(sender=STEALTH.number,
queue=ENCRYPTED_QUEUE)
Device.target('REN_PHN').hardware.mic.stream('ON').cam.capture('SILENT_MODE')

ALIBABA: Nice to meet you.

ALIBABA: I am the one they call Alibaba.

ALIBABA: I want to ask you something.

ALIBABA: You're a phantom thief, aren't you?

Futaba's heart pounded inside her chest. She knew the heart was a muscle, but she didn't
realize just how strong it was. It felt like it might snap her ribs apart. She kept typing, afraid
that if she stopped that she would never start again.

ALIBABA: Can you really steal hearts?

Monitor two had the camera feed - Ren's camera was on and transmitting video and audio,
though he wouldn't know it. He held the phone up to his face. The angle was odd because he
was reading the messages, but his eyes were so beautiful - what long lashes. Like he was
drawn in a manga.

"Who's that?" a voice off camera asked. That was the out of town girl, his girlfriend, Nanako.

"I don't know..." Ren said. He set the phone down and Nanako and the blonde model one,
Ann Takamaki, all peered over the screen.

Even though it was through a camera and a monitor, Futaba felt the pressure of the eyes
staring at her expectantly. She felt the panic trying to strangle her pounding heart, but her
fingers decided she wasn't going to allow a panic attack just at that moment, and started
moving again.

ALIBABA: There is someone whose heart I would like you to steal.

ALIBABA: But I'm not asking for charity. Let's make a deal.

ALIBABA: You wish to know about Medjed, correct?

ALIBABA: I can give you information on them if the change of heart is successful.

Futaba squirmed in her own skin at the line. It was not exactly a lie, but it was a misdirection.
If the change of heart is successful, she would be able to give information. Not by choice, but



because right now, she could hardly move when she thought about Medjed.

ALIBABA: If you so desire, I can take care of them as well.

Because nothing would make her happier.

Someone had taken the thing she had killed and brought it back to life. She had decapitated
Medjed, set the remains on fire, and cursed its name so that no one would ever take it as their
mantle again. It wasn't sealed away like some foul beast waiting to be awaken. It was dead.

And some necromancer had come by and defiled it.

It was that rage that lit like a candle flame in the fog of the rest of her heart and soul. It was
that tiny little spark of fury that kept her fingers moving. She needed someone to get rid of
the fog so she could stoke the flame, turn it into a raging bonfire.

She couldn't do it alone. Even now, she was trembling from head to toe, save for her fingers,
which felt at ease along the contours of the mechanical keyboard.

"There's no way this is real," Ann said. "Is it? Is it Ryuji playing a joke?"

"I don't know..." Ren said, still staring distantly down at the camera. "It's not a number I
recognize."

"What if it's Medjed?" Ann asked. "What if they're trying to fake us out?"

"How the heck is this Alibaba supposed to help us?" Nanako asked .

Shoot. Good question. Futaba started typing.

ALIBABA: Do you believe in my skills?

ALIBABA: I can track down their accounts, just as I have with yours.

Yeah, that was good. That was proof, wasn't it?

ALIBABA: But this is all I can prove at the moment.

Shoot, should she have said that? Was that too conciliatory? Damn, what was she doing...she
needed to gain some credibility back, quick.

ALIBABA: I've prepared the necessary tool on my end.

ALIBABA: Look forward to it.

The cat meowed.

Wait, the cat? Was the cat with him at school? What was with Ren and that cat? Futaba didn't
take him to be such a cat lover.

"Yeah, try replying," Nanako said.



Ren tapped at the phone and Futaba watched the screen expectedly.

"No! Wait! Damnit!" Futaba yelled, scrolling her mouse over to monitor three and trying to
open the command window. She had forgot to turn on two-way messaging! Could she do it
and still keep the connection running?

No. She couldn't. She decided to just wait. Maybe not being able to message back would
make it more mysterious.

"Just an error," Ren said.

"See, a prank."

"I don't think so..." Nanako said. "I think maybe we have a fan with some skills that we
need."

"But we don't know who they are. That could be dangerous, right?"

"We'll have to talk about this later," Ren said. His hand swept across the screen and scooped
up the phone.

Futaba disconnected.

Then she rolled out of her chair and onto her bed, staring up at the ceiling. She felt light-
headed. She pulled her knees up to her chest and held on tightly.

"I was brave..." she whispered to herself. She squeezed her eyes shut.

"I was brave, I was brave, I was brave, I was brave..."



Chapter 405: 7/21 - After School

On the page, the kanji started to blur together.

Sadayo shut her eyes, took in a deep breath, and held it. Then she counted to ten and felt the
blood pounding in her temples.

She was okay.

She could do this.

It was just grading.

She opened her eyes again. The kanji were no longer swirling around the page. Her head still
pounded, though, and it didn't help that the now-stable kanji were definitely wrong.

She marked them with her red pen, and made the corrective strokes on the character so the
student would understand what they got wrong.

"I'm never going to finish this, am I? I'm the Sisyphus of grading papers."

"Do you want some help?"

Sadayo's spirit almost leapt out of her body. She spun around in her chair, knocking pencils
off her desk and sending them clattering to the floor.

She had been working at her desk in the faculty office. It was way past 5 PM, most of her
colleagues had left when the bell rang, or had rushed off to support with after school clubs.
Of course, it was the faculty office, so she shouldn't be surprised that another member of
faculty could come through the door at any minute.

It was the new guy, Yosuke Hanamura. Kamoshida's replacement.

Her cheeks burned, not only from knocking pencils over, but from her stupidity in forgetting
where she was.

Or perhaps she was just using so much energy to concentrate on not passing out that all of her
peripheral senses had been dulled.

All of the thinking made the pounding at her temples that much worse and she shut her eyes
again out of reflex.

"Hey, are you all right? Just rest for a second, I'll get the pencils," Hanamura said. She
wanted to open her mouth in protest, but the pain was already too much. She had to take
another deep breath and hold it.

I'm okay. I'm okay.



When she finally opened her eyes and released the breath, Hanamura was sitting in a chair
next to her. The pencils were back on her desk.

"I'm so sorry. You caught me off guard, I didn't mean to-"

"No, no, it's all my fault," he said with a smile. "I shouldn't have snuck up on you like that."

"Thanks for picking up the pencils," she said, swiveling her chair around to get back to the
next set of papers.

"You never answered my question."

"What question?"

"Do you want some help?" he said.

"Oh. Uh."

She looked back at him. It was odd to see a man like this in the PE teacher's outfit.
Kamoshida had been so powerful, physically. He was an athlete first, a teacher second. Or,
knowing what she knew now, it was more like he was a predator first, athlete second, and
teacher somewhere down the distant line. Like ninth or tenth.

Hanamura looked more like a teacher, first. A young, fit, teacher, but a teacher.

"Why the hesitation?" he asked.

"I just...it's Japanese. I'm grading kanji, it's not like...a multiple choice thing."

His eyes narrowed. "Are you saying I'm too stupid to grade Japanese?"

She grimaced. "I didn't mean it so...obviously, but, it takes training, so..."

What the hell was she doing? This new teacher was offering to help her and she couldn't even
find the words to politely decline. She braced herself.

He laughed. She was not braced for that.

"I can't say I blame you. I judge PE teachers, too," he said with a wink, that normally
would've been cheesy, but at the moment she found reassuring. "But PE isn't my primary
subject. I actually taught Japanese back where I'm from. Japanese and social studies
simultaneously for a couple of years when we were understaffed."

"Oh. Then...why are you here teaching PE?"

"I know someone who knows someone who asked for the favor. I thought it'd been a while
since I was back in Tokyo, so I thought a year away from home would be a nice change of
pace. Plus I have friends here. And, compared to Japanese and social studies, PE is pretty
darn easy..."



His hand shot out and swiped away the next packet on her desk. He also swiped a pencil. His
eyes rapidly scanned down the paper. He made quick, efficient strokes with the pencil, wrote
something at the top, then returned it to her.

"How'd I do?"

Sadayo scanned the paper. He had correctly graded it.

"Nicely done," she said. Hanamura leaned over her and grabbed half of the stack.

"You should go take a little break while I work on these."

"A break? No, I can't just leave you here to do it alone."

"I'll be fine. You, on the other hand, look half-dead. No offense."

Sadayo let out a little "hmph" sound, which surprised her. She wasn't exactly prone to letting
out "hmph" sounds. She quickly followed it with "And just how am I not supposed to take
offense to that?"

"Just choose not to," he said with a smile. "Seriously, though. Go take a walk around the track
and then stop by my office, there's water bottles there. Drink one, and bring a second, you
look dehydrated. And drink the water, no sodas, no coffee. You'll feel better afterward."

The whole thing seemed a bit bossy on Hanamura's part. And Sadayo was pretty fed up with
people telling her what to do. But she found herself rising out of the chair and obeying. Her
body seemed to know better for her. At least that's how she would explain it to herself later.
For now, it was was walk through the air conditioned hallways and into the bright Japanese
summer.

There was still plenty of sunlight left, it being this far into July, but at least it was lower on
the horizon. She had forgotten her hat, she realized, but was too tired to go back and get it. So
she just walked along the outer ring of the track, letting her skin tingle with the warmth of the
sun. She even shut her eyes and focused on its feeling. There was a gentle breeze, which
helped with the heat and the humidity.

But it felt good. She felt young, back when summers meant staying outside all day, letting
time flow slowly and meaninglessly by.

Now summers meant piling things after thing on top of her, waiting for the pile to collapse.

Kinda like the rest of her life.

But at least in this moment, she found a leftover scrap of freedom.

When she was done, she did stop by the PE office and found the water bottles on the corner
of a desk. She wouldn't have necessarily taken it, but the heat was demanding she drink, so
she opened one bottle and chugged it down. Then she took the second bottle, and made her
way back to the faculty office.



"Feel better?" Hanamura asked.

"Yeah...I do. Thanks. Here's your water."

"No, that one is for you, too. You're probably very dehydrated, you need more."

She sat down, opened the bottle, and took a sip.

"Why are you so confident that I'm dehydrated? Do I look that wrinkled to you?"

He laughed. "No. It's just a solid guess. Most people are dehydrated, and us teachers hardly
have a moment to eat and drink."

"Mm," Sadayo said, analyzing him over the bottle. She set it down and glanced at the papers
he had finished. He was quick, and he was right.

"Thank you," she said, reaching over to pick up more of the stack. She felt ready to tackle the
mountain again.

"We'll get this done in no time."

They fell into an easy silence. Their corrections scratched across paper in a regular rhythm.



Chapter 406: 7/21 - Evening

"No wonder you look so tired."

Nanako, who had reclined herself on the couch like she was in a therapist's office, leaned up
and looked over at Haru.

"That's it? That's all you have to say?"

"Congratulations on your boyfriend?"

"I still think there's more for you to say. You should be cutting me down with sharpened
words. You should be decrying me as a friend. You should be...I don't know, mad as hell that
I've been so busy and didn't clue you in on anything!"

Nanako didn't remember sitting up, but there she was. Haru shook her head gently.

"We all get busy, Nana-chan. Seems petty to get upset about it. If I had a dark and handsome
beau, I don't know if I'd be in my right head either," she said with knowing grin. Nanako felt
her cheeks turning pink.

"Besides, I've been pretty busy myself. I don't know if I would've been a much better friend.
But there's no point in assigning judgment to the past, I'm just glad you're here now and we're
catching up on everything."

Right. Everything. At this point, Nanako was pretty good at keeping her poker face to the
people around her, but it always felt extra bad with Haru. She was the one person she really
considered a close friend, and the only close friend who had no idea about the Phantom
Thieves. And not for the first, or last, time she thought about telling her. Just to at least
unburden herself from a little bit of the secret. Let Haru carry some of the weight.

"Okay, well, what about you the, if you were also busy?" Nanako said, trying to distract
herself by hurtling headlong into the next topic.

"Nothing worth relating," Haru said. Her smile remained, but a bit of the life behind it
dimmed. "Mostly...family things. The business. My future."

And her unwanted fiance, Nanako thought to herself.

"Oh. I'm sorry," Nanako said.

"It's fine, really. Do you want more tea? Another cake?"

Nanako glanced at the table in the center of the room. It was a very shiny, very European. It
felt like she was eating off of something from a movie set. The tea was delicate and the cakes
were like eating sweetened air. She was tempted to eat more.

...eh, why not. Nanako took another one.



Haru launched into the story of how she found the baker who made the cakes - a mistaken
turn on a street in Shibuya during a shopping trip once - when suddenly there was a chiming
from a small tablet set on a side table. Haru turned and tapped the blinking icon, bringing up
a video feed of her front door. It was a bike courier.

"Hello? Ms. Okumura?" the speaker called out.

"Oh, I'll be right back!" Haru said, practically leaping up to her feet and rushing towards the
door.

"Hey, Haru, the screen is still-" Nanako said, but Haru was out of the room before she could
finish the sentence. She shrugged to herself and took another bite of cake, watching the
screen. The bike courier was a young man who was slightly older - maybe 18 or 19. He was
in good shape, probably from all the cycling. He had his bike helmet removed and was
leaning close to the camera, using the lens as a makeshift mirror to fix his hair. He had a nice
face - kind and adorable.

...wait a second.

Nanako leaned in closer. The guy stood up straight as the door opened and Haru stepped into
the frame.

"Hi, Toshi."

"Good evening, Ms. Okumura."

"I told you to call me Haru."

"Sorry. Good evening, Haru."

"Good evening," Haru said. Her face was turned away from the camera, but Nanako could
hear the smile in her voice. "I brought you a drink."

"Oh, thank you so much. And here's the package, it's-"

"For my father, I'm sure," she said. The two of them made the hand-off: Toshi gave Haru a
thick yellow envelope, Haru gave Toshi a cold sports drink. He twisted the cap off and took
several gulps.

Nanako wished she had popcorn. Or at least the ability to switch the angle on the camera. It
was hard to read Haru without seeing her face, though the way she was leaning towards Toshi
gave Nanako all he needed to know.

"I'm sorry, I wish I could invite you in to rest, but I have company," Haru said, sounding
genuinely disappointed.

"That's all right, I have another delivery to do anyway...I'm hoping maybe there will be
another one for you tomorrow, though."

"That'd be nice. My father sure has been getting a lot of them lately."



"Not in any legal trouble, I hope," he said.

"I'm sure if there's any legal action, he's the one taking it..."

The two stood together on the doorstep, silently just existing in the moment. Toshi finished
the drink and handed the empty bottle back to Haru.

"Sorry, do you mind?"

"Not at all," she said and took it back from him.

They stood there a long time. Just standing and looking. It was a whole two minutes they
stood together.

"Well...gotta get going."

"Yeah. Be safe, okay?"

"I will. See you soon, I hope."

"Yes. I hope."

And with that Toshi pulled on his helmet and started bounding down the steps. Haru watched
from the front door for a long time. Nanako could see the small figure of Toshi get on his
bike and pedal away.

Haru closed the door and returned inside, which shut off the camera feed on the tablet.
Nanako listened as Haru rummaged around - probably throwing away the bottle and setting
the envelope to wherever it needed to go - and then walked back into the room.

"I'm sorry, there was-"

"A really hot mysterious guy! Who the heck is that?"

Haru, whom Nanako had generally felt was quite composed, crumped immediately. Her
cheeks turned red and her whole body seemed to curl in on itself in embarrassment.

"I didn't know you saw all of that..."

"I didn't mean to spy, but the camera was still running. Seriously, who is that?"

"His name is Toshi."

"I got that."

"And he's a bike courier. He delivers legal documents."

"I also got that - give me the details!"

"That's...well, that's all the details there are, really."



Haru got up and walked over to the tablet. I noticed that she re-opened the camera app and
then very quickly the video recording.

"You don't know him?"

"Just what you saw."

"And then you...what, invite him in for some steamy-"

"No! No, nothing like that. And that was only the one time, I invited him in for some tea and
some snacks. But just the once. Otherwise it's just...that."

"Standing and looking and energy drinks?"

Haru closed her eyes and nodded. Nanako wasn't sure how to describe her expression. It was
a sad mask of peace and acceptance.

"It's silly, I know. But it makes me feel...he makes me feel...well, I imagine how you feel with
Ren."

"Then you should do something about it," Nanako said. "You should invite him in! Or on a
date, for that matter."

"No. I cannot," Haru said, her words heavy with finality. "I...I already told you. I'm engaged."

"But you aren't-"

"I know what you're going to say, Nana-chan. And I know you mean well. But please don't.
What you saw...that's all I get. Just those few minutes of freedom and happiness that I chose.
Just a little secret I choose to keep, so that one day when I'm old I can relive those tiny
moments and know that I got to live, at least a little bit."

Nanako pressed her mouth shut. She didn't dare open it for fear of all the fire that might come
tumbling out of it. She was so angry. Haru was in a gilded cage. It wasn't fair.

And what may have made her even more angry was that Haru wasn't fighting it.

Haru's hands closed around Nanako's.

"Please. Just...keep this between us."

Nanako took a deep breath. It made her angry, but Haru's life was her own. She was making
her choices with her eyes open. It wasn't her place to do or say anything otherwise. Just
support her.

"Of course," Nanako said, relieved that none of the anger bled into voice.

But she knew deep down that there was part of her that wasn't going to let this go.

If there was a way to help Haru out of this...she'd find it.



--

SOCIAL LINK RANK UP

The Hermit: Haru Okumura

Level 4



Chapter 407: 7/22 - Lunch

"And you just found it in the mail slot?" Nanako asked.

The Phantom Thieves, at least those attended Shujin, were gathered together in 2-D, sitting
around the back corner. Sitting on Nanako's desk was a plain calling card, printed in color on
thick card stock. Morgana was still sprawled out in the cubby of Ren's desk, but he was
peering his head out to look at it.

"Looks like ours,' he said.

"Yeah, but you can buy them now," Ryuji said. "I saw it at Shibuya station the other day at
one of those souvenir stores."

"Isn't that like...copyright or something?" Ann asked.

"Trademark," Nanako said automatically. "But it's not exactly enforceable since it's...you
know, illegal."

"Figures, other people getting rich off of the whole thing..."

"We need to focus," Ren said. He himself was unusually focused on the card. "Who dropped
it off and why?"

"I mean, it could be anything," Nanako offered. "If people are selling them, then people
might send them to people they don't like? Maybe Sojiro gave someone a bad cup of coffee
or something."

"I thought of that. But it's blank. If someone thought it was going to work, they would have
written something on it. Why would they leave it blank? And there's no stamp, which means
that someone dropped it off by hand."

"So you think somebody knows who you are?" Ann asked.

"It's...troubling," he admitted.

"It also isn't really proof of anything," Nanako said dismissively. "It's a blank card. It could
be a prank. Just a random act of randomness meant to confuse."

Ren's mouth opened to speak again but he was interrupted by the buzz of his phone. Ren
reached into his pocket and glanced at it. Then frowned.

"It's him."

ALIBABA: Good day.

REN: Good day to you.



ALIBABA: Ah, you responded today.

"I thought you couldn't respond last time," Nanako said. Their heads were all pressed
together now, peering over the screen. Ren laid his phone on the desk.

ALIBABA: Once again, I am Alibaba.

ALIBABA: You are the leader of the Phantom Thieves, correct?

REN: That's right .

ALIBABA: Mm, I appreciate your honesty.

ALIBABA: I take it you received the calling card?

"It was from him..." Ann whispered.

"Hey, someone tell me what's going on, I can't see!" Morgana complained.

ALIBABA: Are you at school right now?

REN: I'm in class.

"You shouldn't be so free with the information," Nanako said.

"If he can hack my phone, he can no doubt track it," Ren said. "It might be a test to see if I'm
telling the truth. No sense in lying."

ALIBABA: Hm, you're a surprisingly diligent student.

ALIBABA: Now then, I have prepared the calling card for you.

ALIBABA: When are you going to steal it?

"I thought the calling card didn't have a name on it," Ann said.

"It doesn't," Ren said.

REN: Steal from who?

ALIBABA: What do you mean by that?

ALIBABA: Aren't you able to steal a heart as long as you have a calling card?

REN: I need a name.

ALIBABA: ...A name? Is your heart thievery truly impossible without such
information?

REN: It is.



ALIBABA: ...I see.

ALIBABA: Hm, I suppose past calling cards did have names on them.

ALIBABA: One moment.

That was interesting, Nanako thought. Alibaba knew a lot about them, but the details were
still secret. Did that mean Alibaba was getting their information mostly from the Phansite and
other online discourse? Maybe they weren't as exposed as she thought. She was about to
share this with Ren when the phone buzzed again.

ALIBABA: Very well, I'll tell you.

ALIBABA: .....

ALIBABA: I believe their name was Futaba Sakura.

"Futaba Sakura?" Ann said. "Who is that?"

Nanako thought quickly. It wasn't a name she recognized either.

ALIBABA: If you fail in this mission, I will expose your identity to the world and to the
police.

ALIBABA: Well then, I'll be counting on you. I'll be in contact after the change of heart.

"Ask her who that is," Nanako said, though she didn't need to, as Ren was already tapping
away on his phone. When he hit send, though, it came back as an error.

"He cut us off," Ren muttered. In the smoothest of motions, he slipped his phone back into
his pocket. If Nanako hadn't been paying attention it would've looked like it disappeared.

"There's nobody famous named Futaba Sakura," Ann said, her blue eyes illuminated by her
phone screen. "At least nothing that comes up in a basic search."

"Nothing on social media either," Ryuji said. "Damnit, what the hell? We're just replacing one
unknown enemy with another one..."

The bell chimed.

"No sense getting worked up over it right now," Ren said calmly. "Tell the others to meet at
the accessway after school."

"On it," Ann said.

Nanako slipped back into her seat behind Ren. There was something off about him, though.

Like he was preoccupied by something.

She'd have to ask after school.






Chapter 408: 7/22 - After School
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Nanako let out a long breath. The subway pulled away behind her. Ren stood at her left side.

"How the heck are we going to find a random girl in the middle of millions of people..."

Nanako glanced over to Ren, but he wasn't standing next to her anymore. Instead, he was a
dozen paces ahead, crouched down, talking to Morgana. Nanako frowned and was about to
call out to them when Morgana darted away. Ren zipped up his bag and turned back to her.

"Sorry, what was that?"

"I was just saying how the heck are we going to find this Futaba Sakura in all of Tokyo. Oh
no, he didn't actually say she was in Tokyo, she could be anywhere..."

"I don't want to talk about it today," Ren declared.

"What? But we need to find out or Medjed..."

"I don't want to talk about it today," he repeated, adding weight. "You're leaving soon, aren't
you?"

"Oh. Right."

It was Thursday already. Tomorrow was a half-day for closing ceremonies. Then she, and
most of the rest of the team, would be on a train to Inaba. A train that Ren had chosen not to
go on.

She wanted to say that it had slipped her mind, but honestly she had probably just pushed it
back. Tried to ignore it. But they couldn't anymore.

"It won't be for very long," Nanako hurried to say. "I mean the others are only staying until
Monday."

"But you're staying longer."

"I...yes. A week."

"At least."

"I'm sorry, my dad-"

"You don't need to be sorry. Stay longer if you need to," he said. And she could tell he meant
it. It was an offer filled with love. The love of a man who knew he'd be miserable without her
but would be more miserable for being selfish with her time.



"I don't want to stay more than a week. We have things to do here."

"Let's just play that part by ear," he said. "We don't have to decide right here and now how
long you're going to stay. The point is, you're going soon, and I don't want to spend my time
with you thinking about who that girl might be. I want to spend it with you."

Nanako's heart quickly melted into a puddle.

"Okay...that sounds nice...what did you have in mind?"

--

"Ack!"

Nanako spun so hard she lost her balance and was in a careening spiral towards the ground.
Ren caught her.

"I thought you were on the volleyball team back in Inaba," Ren said with a laugh, helping her
stand up.

"I was, but this is different! The ball is coming way too fast."

Ren walked over and picked up the bat that she had lost in her missed swing.

"I already have it set at the lowest speed."

"Well, maybe baseball isn't my thing," Nanako said, crossing her arms. Was she pouting?
Maybe, but she didn't care at the moment.

"Let's just work on the timing first. Come here."

Ren stood behind her, hands on her hips. She felt her heart speed up.

"It's about the weight shift from this leg to this leg at the same time you rotate," he said,
swaying her from one leg to the other with his strong, steady hands.

"Uh huh..."

"And then here, lift the arms higher," he said, taking her arms and adjusting their position, his
mouth right next to her ear.

"...uh huh......"

"And then wait. Feel the timing."

He took a step back to restart the machine. Nanako let the whole stance drop.

"Show me again?"

--



"Why are you slapping the cabbage?" Nanako asked.

They were in Super Muramasa, gathering recipes for a Mille-Fueille Nabe.

"That's how you can tell if it's a good one."

"Says who?"

"My mom?" Ren said, looking baffled. Nanako grit her teeth to stop herself from laughing.

"You're supposed to slap melons. You can tell a cabbage is good by its weight," she said,
picking one up and weighing it in her hands.

"No, you're supposed to listen to the cabbage as you whack it."

"Literally no one does that."

"Are you saying my mom was messing with me?"

Nanako shrugged. Ren frowned.

"...she totally was messing with me."

Nanako didn't ask more about his mom.

--

"Your overall proficiency might be higher than mine, but your knife skills need work,"
Nanako said proudly. Ren's workbench had been converted into their kitchen table and there
were two stacks of sliced pork belly. The left one was Nanako's, the right was Ren's.

Hers were sliced much thinner and more uniformly.

"Wait, I think we forgot daishi at the store," Ren said. Nanako felt a combination flash of
panic and indignation. There's no way she forgot daishi. She pivoted on her heel and looked
into the grocery bag.

"What? No way, see they're right here!" she said, triumphantly holding the packets in the air.

"Oh, sorry. Guess I forgot. Anyway, I think my slices are better."

Nanako looked.

Ren had spun the cutting board around so that her stack was now on the right and his on the
left.

"You think you're so clever don't you?"

--

The electric hotpot bubbled in the corner of Ren's room while they sat in front of the TV.



"Hey, where's Morgana?"

"I asked Ann to look after him. I mean, not that he needs looking after, but he jumped at the
chance," Ren said.

"Why'd you do that?" Nanako asked, nestling a little closer.

He answered with a kiss.

Later, when the nabe was finished and they sat to eat it, Nanako wouldn't remember what was
on TV.

Chapter End Notes

So, uh, a math note.

I should have, but didn't, calculate how many social links I would need to do per day in
order to hit the calendar deadlines. This has put me in a bit of a mathematical bind.

I have 149 social link ranks to complete to max out everyone by the time we get to the
end of the story on December 23rd, since the confrontation with Yaldy is December 24.
This is minus the one I have already planned for 7/22 evening.

From 7/23 to 12/23, I have 154 days. So basically, I have to do a social link a day!
Previously, I was just doing them when I felt they were...thematically appropriate, I
guess?

Anyway, that will eventually mean one of three options, and I guess I feel compelled to
list them here.

Option 1: I just pedal-to-the-metal and crank through them one a calendar day. Nanako
will have a very frantic social life.

Option 2: I extend the calendar. Which I was already thinking about. Technically, in all
versions of the game, the "last" day is March 19th of the next year. That would give me
three more months of days to play with.

Option 3: I pull a Royal and make some of them max out at 5. This would kinda make
the most logical sense for the Persona 4 social links, since Nanako has an established
relationship with them.

Option 4: Some combination of 2 and 3.

In any case, just wanted to clue you in on the conundrum and if Nanako suddenly starts
blitzing through links, you'll know why.

I guess if you have a preference, let me know.






Chapter 409: 7/22 - Night

“You’re home rather late.”

Nanako winced. The apartment had been dark and she had been stealthy as a cat coming
through the door. Since she had made it three steps through the kitchen, walking with her
shoes in her hand, clutching her bag fiercely against her body, she had thought she had made
it.

“Is it that late?” Nanako asked sweetly. The kitchen light flicked on. Rise leaned against the
doorframe.

“Sorry for the dramatic darkness, I’ve always wanted to do that…anyway, it is kinda late. It’s
11:42.”

“Well before the last trains,” Nanako pointed out.

“Mhm. Where’ve you been?”

“Uh.”

She thought about lying, but this was Rise, so it was probably pointless.

“With Ren.”

“Thought so. Well, you’re safe for now. Yu’s not home.”

“He isn’t? Where’d he go?”

“Back to Inaba, actually. He left early with Yosuke. He said they wanted some ‘bro time’
before we all went back.”

Nanako made a show of letting out a relieved breath and slumping into the kitchen chair,
dropping her bag on the surface. She was genuinely relieved that she didn’t need to explain
her lateness to Yu, but in reality, she needed to do anything to keep her face neutral. If Yu was
going now, that meant he was going to propose this week. She needed to alert Yukiko…or
maybe Yosuke, so he could help out too. There wasn’t a lot of time, the rest of them were
heading out tomorrow…though he probably wouldn’t propose tomorrow so that meant that-

“You’re using the correct protection right?”

Nanako choked.

“W-what? I’m not doing things like that!” She felt herself turn a shade of flamingo pink.

“Well if you’re not on the pill you should think about it,” Rise said. “But if you haven’t
talked to your mom about that, then I put condoms in your bathroom, make sure you have
some in your bag.”



“Rise!”

“Don’t act all flustered and offended. You’re going to have the urge at some point, and you
need to be prepared.”

“I’ve talked about all this with mom,” Naanko said, trying to take deep breaths so her skin
could shift back to a reasonable color. “We had a real detailed talk right before I left for
Tokyo…”

Rise smiled. “I knew I liked Kaho…well, good, that’s that. You know where the supplies are,
the rest is up to you, and I know you’re too smart to not use them.”

As embarrassing as it was to know that Rise had bought condoms to stick in her bathroom,
Nanako also knew that she was right and she’d probably load some into her purse and her
school bag, because she was too smart to not use them.

Rise let out a sigh and leaned her head on her hand.

“You did it, Nanako. You did what we swore to do, make our guys make the first move. And
on top of that, you beat me to the punch.”

“I mean, you and big bro are already together, so I don’t think the situations are the same.”

“True.” Rise looked long and hard at Nanako for several seconds. Nanako was about to get
up, thinking that perhaps she was being hinted at to go to bed, but Rise spoke: “I think I’m
going to tell you something. But you have to keep it from Yu. Is that too much to ask of
you?”

“I, uh…” Normally, Nanako would’ve said it was, but she was already carrying a secret from
Rise from Yu. It seemed like turnabout was fair play. “No, go ahead.”

“I’m pushing up my graduation. My retirement.”

“What? Really? Why?”

“Because I’m done with waiting. I want the next part of my life to start. So for the next year
or so, I’m going to push real hard and make as much money as I can. I want so much money
that Yu can quit writing idol articles and go back to investigative journalism…or whatever he
wants to do.”

“But you’re not going to miss it?”

“Entertaining? I probably won’t stop. I’ll get some TV presenter job or move into talent
management or something, I don’t know yet. All I know is that I’m going to leave on the
highest note I can, take a couple of years off, and then find something more…routine. I want
children, and I want to be an active mother to them. And I know I’ve done everything to gain
all this fame and influence, but after ten years…I don’t know, I think I’ve done almost
everything I wanted to when I first started. If something happened tomorrow and they called
and said I was out, I don’t think I’d have any regrets. But the mountain of money would be
nice to have, and I still have one more album in me.”



“Wow, that’s huge…though it’s not exactly him making the first move,” Nanako said. Why
did she say that? She wanted to slurp the words back into her mouth and swallow them down,
but it was too late. Rise just laughed, though.

“No, but I guess nothing about me has ever been conventional, has it? I want what I want.
Though he’s going to have to propose still. Even if I have to drench him in hints.”

Nanako felt a yawn coming on, so she let it expand to her whole body. “Well..thanks for
telling me. Your secret is safe with me…I should get to bed, though. I have school tomorrow,
and I haven’t hardly packed.”

“Yeah, of course. Good night.”

—

SOCIAL LINK RANK UP

The Magician: Rise Kujikawa

Level 3



Chapter 410: 7/23 - Morning

“I can’t believe we’re at summer break,” Ann said. “It feels like it went by super fast and also
the longest school has ever been at the same time. I really need this break.”

“Yeah,” Nanako said. “I hope you don’t find the trip too boring as a kickoff for summer.”

“Huh? Are you nervous about us going to Inaba?”

The two stopped at the crosswalk, waiting for the light to turn.

“A little. I mean, there’s not like a whole lot to do there and I feel like I’ve been hyping it up
and everyone is excited for the break and I’d hate for everyone to be bored…”

“Oh, stop, it’s going to be fine. The country is nice, all that nature and quiet. And who cares
if there’s not a lot to do, it’s not like we don’t just go to the same five places here all the time
anyway. The point is, we’ll be there together. Oh. Well. You know.”

“I know. It’ll be weird without him, but I’m still going to make the best of it. I really don’t
think he’s ready to go back yet.”

The light changed and they started across with the crowd, heading towards their platform.

“You sure you don’t want me to stay longer? I don’t have much work coming up, I could
hang out longer.”

“Thanks, but I also invited Haru to come later that week.”

“Oh, that’s good. Why didn’t you ask her to come with the rest of us?”

“I don’t know. Mixing friends is complicated enough normally, but considering what else we
do…it just felt wrong. Like, I want us to unwind but also to be able to talk freely. We can’t
really do that if she’s there.”

“Mm. That makes sense. Well if you change your mind while I’m there, just say so.”

“I will, but won’t Shiho be anxious to see you?”

“She will, but she has to do summer school to make up for all the time she lost. It sucks.”

“Aw. But, hey, that means she’s in a new phase of recovery, right?”

“Yeah. She’s really making a lot of progress. We’re hoping she’ll be walking and at a new
school by the time summer is over, which means she has to work extra hard.”

They shuffled into their train and found a corner to crowd against. The news played over the
monitors.



“Investigators are still looking into the threat posed by mysterious hacker group Medjed.
New statements posted from the group indicate they intend to attack various financial
institutes across Japan. Medjed was behind the data corruption attack three years ago that
resulted in multiple deaths. Authorities have confirmed that the previous head of Medjed is
still in custody and without access to any electronics. Authorities have also said they are still
working to determine if the threats posed are real or simply the work of copycats looking for
attention. This theory is supported by the fact that they mention the Phantom Thieves, an
unknown group who has captured the imaginations of young people.”

Ann shook her head at Nanako.

“Don’t start worrying too much about it. Ren will figure something out. He always does.”

Nanako tried to concentrate on the upcoming trip.



Chapter 411: 7/23 - After School

Nanako was so excited she thought she was going to vibrate out of her skeleton.

It was an uneasy feeling, if she were honest. Going home. Seeing big bro and his friends
while bringing along her own friends. The annual excitement of summer. The anxiety of
wondering if everyone would get along. The last time she remembered feeling like this was
way back when - when all of big bro’s friends had come together and she’d bask in their
attention while at the same time wondering if she were intruding and at the same time
wishing she were old enough to be with them.

“Breathe, Nanako. It’s going to be a fun trip,” Rise said. Her voice shook Nanako out of her
spiraling reverie and back into the moment. The two of them were riding by private car to the
train station. It had taken Nanako longer to pack than she had thought, and she’d brought a
little bit too much for her to quickly drag her luggage through the streets of Tokyo.

There was also no way Rise was going to do any of that, so Nanako supposed the car was a
foregone conclusion.

They pulled up to the station and the driver helped unload the luggage. Nanako stared at the
four large suitcases - two for her, two for Rise - and wondered if all of that was really
necessary. Then again, she was going to be in Inaba for a week, and she’d brought everything
with her to Tokyo.

“There you guys are, cutting it close aren’t you?”

Nanako turned to see Chie striding up with a large backpack strapped to her back. Probably
the extent of what she had packed. She looked at the pair of them and shook her head.

“How long are you staying, Rise?”

“Probably a long weekend, why?”

“No reason,” Chie said with a muted sigh. “Let me help you.”

She pulled the handles up on one of Rise’s bags and then one of Nanako’s and started pulling
them effortlessly up the ramp, leaving Rise and Nanako with only one to drag themselves.

At the platform, Chie pulled the bags to where Naoto was standing with a simple, medium-
sized piece of luggage. To the side were her friends, standing near, but not exactly next to
where Naoto was. Nanako rushed over to them.

“Glad you’re all here!” Nanako said, her stretching ear to ear.

“We’re thankful for your invitation…and for paying our way to Inaba. First class, no less,”
Yusuke said.



“Well, Rise insisted on all that,” Nanako said.

“Is that really Risette?” Makoto said, looking both curious and shy at the same time. “She’s
so stunning in person…it’s not even fair.”

“Right?” Ann chimed in.

“You’re not one to commiserate about this with,” Makoto said.

Nanako waved Rise and Chie over and did brief introductions. Naoto didn’t follow suit, but
Nanako pointed her out to the others anyway. Rise and Chie went back to rejoin Naoto after
Chie brought over Nanako’s other bag.

“Two suitcases, seriously? What is it with you girls and bringing so much stuff…” Ryuji
commented.

“I’m going to be there for a week, I need a lot of things,” Nanako countered.

“Eh, I guess. That doesn’t excuse Ann.”

“I need options for outfits, thank you. It’s a summer trip, not a hi-bear-nation.”

Nanako glanced over and noticed that Ann had two large suitcases and a medium sized one.
She sighed.

“It does seem a little overkill…”

“No, not you too, you’re supposed to be on my side!” Ann said, then whipped her glare over
to Ryuji. “And at least I didn’t pack all my stuff in a grocery bag!”

“It’s only three days, and the grocery bag fits everything!” Ryuji held up the grocery bag
filled with clothes defensively. At least it was one of those larger, re-usable grocery bags.
“And are we not going to point out all the junk Yusuke brought?”

“I simply want to capture the countryside,” Yusuke said. He didn’t look to have brought a lot
of clothing, but there was a large canvas, a collapsed easel, and a lot of paints.

“An artist bringing his tools doesn’t count,” Makoto said.

Pi pi pi

Nanako pulled up her phone. It was from Ren.

REN: Have fun. Seriously.

NANAKO: I’ll miss you.

REN: I’ll miss you too. But still have fun.

The train slid into the station.



—

“This is so good,” Ryuji said through a stuffed mouth. He was chowing down on the deluxe
ekiben - the train bento that was part of their first class tickets.

“Can you at least pretend you have manners?” Ann said. Ryuji swallowed dramatically.

“Sorry. Hey, Miss Rise! Thanks for the food!”

“Stop yelling on the train!” Ann hissed. Nanako glanced over to see Rise smiling and waving
at Ryuji. Ryuji waved back and then settled back into his seat.

“She’s so nice.”

The seats were arranged two by two, and Ryuji and Ann ended up in the seats in front of
Nanako. Originally, Nanako had been sitting with Ann, but then Yusuke ended up wanting to
switch so he could get a better window view, and then Ryuji wouldn’t move, so Nanako
moved and then Ann moved and…well, Nanako ended up sitting next to Makoto.

“This is quite generous of Miss Rise,” Makoto remarked. “I almost feel bad.”

“There’s no need. She wouldn’t have done it if she didn’t want to,” Nanako said.

“Thank you again, for inviting me.”

“I’m just glad you didn’t have other plans. I mean, being the class president and all…”

Makoto let out a little sigh. “Holding that position has been strange after all that we’ve been
through. I used to take so much pride in it. Now it just feels like a burden. I think my vice-
president is picking up on the fact that I’m not putting as much effort as I used to.”

She quickly looked at Nanako. “But not in a dangerous way! I don’t think anyone is making
any type of connection or coming to any kind of conclusion.”

“I don’t think anyone will figure out what you’re up to,” Nanako said, trying to reassure her.
Makoto relaxed a little. But just a little.

“Have you spent much time in the country?” Nanako asked, mostly to break up the silence.

“Not that I remember. What’s there to do in Inaba?”

“Well. Um. Not a lot?” Nanako said with a smile, suddenly embarrassed about the whole
thing. “It’s…pretty. Oh, there’s the old coal mine if you want to take a historical tour. And
there’s…you know, hiking, fishing, uh…hanging out…”

“That sounds nice, actually. I read that most people don’t get enough ‘green exposure’ and
that doing so is beneficial to people’s mental health.”

“Um. Yeah, it’ll be nice in that way,” Nanako agreed. “To be honest, there were times I felt
like it was kind of boring. But boring is good in its own way, I guess.”



“It’s not like I take advantage of living in Tokyo myself. If I’m not studying or working on
something for the student council, I mostly watch TV,” Makoto said.

Nanako lit up.

“What do you like to watch?”

—

Nanako could feel it in the air before she could see it through the train window.

Home.

They had to delay the train a few minutes in order for them to get all their luggage out. The
conductor seemed surprised at how many people were exiting for Inaba. It was a bustle of
handing bags to one another, and crowding through the turnstile.

“There she is.”

Nanako beamed. She left her bags where they were and jumped clear over the stairs.

“Dad! I didn’t know you were going to be here!”she said, throwing her arms around him. He
laughed.

“I took the rest of the day off.”

“Don’t forget about me.”

“Hi mom!” Nanako released her father and rushed to embrace her mother just as tightly.

“And look, it’s the rest of them,” Dojima said, glancing between the two groups. Chie was
busy hefting Rise and Ann’s bags down the stairs two at a time. Rise came over to hug
Dojima as well.

“Where’s Yu? He said he’d be here.”

“The hospital,” Dojima said. “Yukiko’s in labor.”

“What!?” Chie released the bags. “And she didn’t tell me?!”

“They just got the call,” Kaho explained. “Maybe twenty minutes ago?”

“Come on,” Chie said, grabbing both Rise and Naoto by the arm and yanking them.

“Wait, we should call a taxi or something!” Rise called out.

“No time, we run!”

“I’m not wearing the right shoes!” Rise complained.

“Why is your grip so powerful…” Naoto remarked.



“We’ll take care of the bags!” Nanako called after them. They were down the street faster that
she would have thought possible. Nanako then turned to her parents and made the round of
introductions.

“I’ve heard so much about you, Ann-chan,” Kaho said. “Thank you for being a good friend to
Nanako out there.”

“Oh, well, it’s nothing. If anything, it’s her who takes care of me. She’s always cooking me
meals, which I heard she learned from you.”

“Oh yeah, she made us the Number One Kaho Dojima Glorious Ramen of the Rising East! It
was incredible!” Ryuji said.

“Did she now? Well, I’ll have to whip up some more before you go so you can see if the
apprentice is as skilled as the master.”

“Let’s take all this home,” Dojima declared, waving at the bags. “Ryuji, Yusuke, give me a
hand won’t you?”

“Allow me, Detective,” Makoto said, swooping in to grab two of the heavier bags. Ryuji
rushed next to her to get the other two.

“What, you think you’re a badass now?” he teased. She smirked.

“I wouldn’t want Yusuke to break. Besides, we both know I’m the strongest one here.”

“Oh is that so?” Ryuji grabbed another bag to stack onto the two he had.

“Don’t underestimate me because I’m a woman,” Makoto said, adding another bag.

“Wouldn’t dream of it.”

Dojima hesitated, not sure which bag to reach for next. “I can help with-”

Kaho nudged him. “Let them be, dear. I want to see how this plays out.”

“Yeah dad, let the chemistry do its thing,” Nanako whispered.

Dojima shrugged, took Nanako’s backpack, and started leading them home with Makoto and
Ryuji each pulling too much directly behind him. That left Nanako, Ann, and Yusuke to
distribute the rest of his art supplies.

“And I heard you’re an excellent artist, Yusuke,” Kaho said as they walked along.

“Oh, thank you. I am still in training, but I hope to capture some of the beauty of Inaba while
I’m here.”

“I have a few spots I can recommend,” Kaho suggested.

“That would be a great help, thank you.”



As they walked, Nanako looked at Ann, and at the train station behind her. Her best friend,
standing in front of her the train station she’d seen her entire life. It was jarring at first - like
the two images shouldn’t be together. Like watching characters in a cross-over anime battling
it out. But the longer she looked, the more it seemed right. Like the elements of her life were
merging together.

“What is it?” Ann asked.

“Nothing,” Nanako said with a smile.



Chapter 412: 7/23 - Evening
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Though he would never admit it aloud, Ryotaro Dojima was glad to see his house full of
luggage and teenagers. He was glad they had to set the AC to maximum and listen to the old
unit rattle practically off the wall. He was glad they had to dig out the second table.

They were nice kids, he had to admit. They were definitely Tokyo kids. Makoto’s haircut was
too precise for a haristylist in town. Yusuke would’ve never grown to be so elegant and
delicate tromping around the countryside. Even Ryuji’s hair dye would’ve been cheaper, or
splotchier, or somehow more acidic.

But he watched the bags crinkle and watched them pass the food around to each other and
watched them offer help to Kaho and watched them with their chopsticks and watched the
words that passed between them - lighthearted, youthful, but full of respect. Camaraderie.
Love, maybe.

The kids in Inaba were nice to Nanako. But she had found something deeper.

He could almost shut his eyes and picture her as a little girl with Yu and his friends gathered
around the same tables, their laughter and energy almost the same.

“Dad,” Nanako called out. “You should have some too,” she said, pushing forward some of
the food Kaho had bought earlier from the store.

“I’m fine for now, Nanako.”

—

They went on a tour of the house. It didn’t take long.

“I used to be in the other room,” Nanako explained. “But after I hit middle school I
convinced my dad to let me use this one. It’s bigger.”

“Is it weird without all your stuff here?” Ann asked.

Huh. It was weird without her stuff here. Like it was a discarded shell from a hermit crab, left
behind for someone else to use.

And yet…was she going to return to this room someday?

Or was this move to Tokyo more permanent…?

“It is kinda weird,” she said.

—



 

Chiaki Amagi was born healthy and happy about ten minutes before Chie arrived.

Other than her husband and mother, Chie was the first one in. She helped bathe the tiny thing,
which looked like a miniature Yukiko, even moreso than the other children did.

Her best friend looked worn and exhausted, but at the same time more powerful than she ever
did. Chie had remembered that aura when the other two were born as well. There was
something supernatural about motherhood. Or maybe just ultra-natural.

She spent time playing with Tsuneo and Ai in the waiting room as the rest of them briefly
made the rounds of visiting with Yukiko and Chiaki. What was interesting to Chie was how
routine this felt. The first time they had given Yukiko a ton of space, and had carefully visited
one at a time over several weeks so as not to overwhelm her.

Now, Yukiko was chatting away, chowing shamelessly on her birth celebration meal, waiting
for everyone to come and meet the latest member of their team.

Chie held out her loosely closed fist for Ai.

“What do you think is in the egg?”

“Bunny!” she said.

Chie opened her hand and turned it into a snake. She gave a hiss and playfully closed the
mouth around Ai’s arm. She giggled, then pretended to chop the snake’s head off with a
sword.

She wasn’t sure who taught her that part of the game.

“You wanna guess the next egg, Tsu?” Chie asked to Tsuneo. He huffed.

“No.”

“What’s wrong?”

“I didn’t want another sister, I wanted a brother.”

Chie laughed.

“Well, maybe they can try again if you ask nicely enough.”

—

“I can’t believe how dark it is,” Ann said. Nanako and her friends walked along Samegawa
River at the beginning of the “blue hour” - when the light of the summer sun turned the world
into an indigo landscape.



“What is that over there, some sort of safety beacon?” Ryuji asked, pointing at a bright light
in the distance. Nanako laughed.

“Kinda. It’s a vending machine.”

“Oh. Geez, it looks so bright when there’s no light out here…”

“Look, stars!” Makoto said, pointing up.

“The countryside has such incredible beauty. Truly inspirational,” Yusuke said.

“It’s even better later,” Nanako said. The sounds of the cicadas were dying down, replaced by
the growing chorus of frogs. “But we need to keep up the pace. Also, here, use it and pass it
along. Walking will keep the midges off, but the mosquitoes are a bit more persistent.”

Nanako tossed the bug spray to Yusuke.

“It seems beauty has a price,” Yusuke said as he started to spray himself down.

—

By the time Nanako had to do one final round of introductions, she was getting really tired.

Just as the Phantom Thieves were returning from their countryside walk, Rise had pulled up
with several taxis, their drivers scurrying into the house to grab the bags.

“Sorry for the delay, apparently Yukiko just couldn’t wait another minute to have a child,”
Rise said, rubbing her wrist. “And Chie’s got some sort of robot strength…”

“Is she cute?” Nanako asked. Rise automatically pulled out her phone and showed her the
picture.

“Aww…”

“How did you know it was a girl?” Rise asked.

“Oh, uh, Yukiko told me a while ago.”

“Did she? And you kept that secret the whole time. I’m impressed and insulted.”

“Sorry.”

“Well, she’s doing great. It does mean we’re going to have to check ourselves into the Amagi
Inn, though.”

“Hey, I have it under control!” Chie yelled from inside the lead taxi. “I spent so much time
working there in the summers that they should offer me a retirement package.”

And so they all piled into the taxis and drove over, and Nanako was beyond grateful for the
drivers lugging all the bags around. Chie did in fact know how to operate everything at the
inn and helped the young high school part-timer at the desk process everything.



Her friends were in awe of the place.

They quickly settled into their rooms: Nanako, Makoto, and Ann in one, Yusuke and Ryuji in
another, Yu and Rise in a third, and Naoto in a fourth one. Chie said she was going to spend
the night at her parent’s house.

“I’m so tired…” Ann groaned.

“I know, me too. But the bath is still women’s turn and is open for a little while longer. You
wanna soak before?”

“Ooh, that sounds nice.” Makoto said. “It’ll keep us cool while we sleep, too.”

“But…so sleepy…can’t bear…any more…sounds like a grizzly undertaking…”

“Come on, you’ll feel better,” Nanako said, pulling Ann to her feet.

They gathered their robes and essentials, including a very high-tech looking keycard, which
was very out of place in the extremely traditional Amagi inn. Makoto noticed the incongruity,
but didn’t say anything to Nanako until they got to the bath.

The door to the bath was electronic. The keycard sensor was on the right, and there were two
cameras angled down at them. As Nanako approached, an elecronic voice spoke.

“Hello, welcome to the Amagi Inn hot springs. It is women’s hour. Voice verification and
keycard are required. Please note that violating bath rules will result in immediate and severe
enforcement.”

Nanako beeped the keycard.

“Nanako Dojima,” she said. The red lights on the top of the door switched to green.

“Welcome, Miss Nanako and guests.”

They stepped into the bath, which was once again traditional and lovely. Ann gasped and
immediately rushed over to get in.

“What’s with the security system?” Makoto asked.

“It’s a long story,” Nanako said.

Chapter End Notes

No hot springs nonsense here. Not on my watch.






Works inspired by this one

Repent by ToraLychsAO3

A Spell Broken Early by hellothererizal

Nightmares by babypandawrites

Please drop by the Archive and comment to let the creator know if you enjoyed their work!