Questionable Questing
 
Forums 
What's new 
Members 
Heliel43
New posts 
Watched 
New threadmarks 
Mark forums read
Forums NSFW NSFW Creative Writing 
[NSFW] Sun's Valour (PJO SI/Multicross - DXD Start)
 Thread starterFirewillreign  Start dateFeb 16, 2025  Tagsadventure fate series high school dxd lord of the rings multiverse percy jackson and the olympians
Sun's Valour (PJO SI/Multicross - DXD Start)
Created
Feb 16, 2025
Status
Incomplete
Watchers
6,490
Recent readers
2,788
Threadmarks
73
The monsters were nearly on us when the truth finally came out.

"Daniel." My uncle took both of my shoulders in a vice grip and pulled me in closer, a manic frenzy in voice - probably from sheer mortal terror - and looked me dead in the eyes. "Your father is the Greek God Apollo."

I didn't miss a beat.

"Well, I'm screwed."

...​

Or:

A Demigod of the Sun gets access to the Multiverse.

Shenanigans ensue.
Last edited: Feb 17, 2025
Threadmarks Index Appendix Extras
Statistics (41 threadmarks, 316k words)
Threadmarks
Reader mode RSS 
Prologue
Words 6k
Feb 16, 2025
I Get a New Puppy, And An Existential Crisis
Words 5.8k
Feb 22, 2025
Extra Canon Interlude/Sidestory: A Shifting Of Gears
Words 8.5k
Jun 27, 2026
Extra Canon Interlude/Sidestory: A Shifting Of Gears - Part 2
Words 8.7k
Aug 15, 2026
We Speed-Run A New Entrance, With A Little Violent Murder As A Treat
Words 14k
Aug 15, 2026
1
2
  Next
Jump to new
Ignore
Unwatch

Thread Tools
Threadmarks
Index
Appendix
Extras
View content
Threadmarks Prologue
View content
Firewillreign
Firewillreign
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 26, 2023
Messages888
Likes received82,880
Feb 16, 2025
Add bookmark
#1
Just a fun idea that popped into mind.

As always, this isn't a full story yet - just a snippet until we see how it goes.

It's also fun for me because it's my first time writing first person in quite some time.

The monsters were nearly on us when the truth finally came out.

"Daniel." My uncle took both of my shoulders in a vice grip and pulled me in closer, a manic frenzy in voice - probably from sheer mortal terror - and looked me dead in the eyes. "Your father is the Greek God Apollo."

I didn't miss a beat.

"Well, I'm screwed."

I could tell that wasn't the reaction he was expecting, but it was either that, or me screaming 'I know, and I'm still screwed!' right in his face loud enough to wake the dead, and at this point that just seemed counter productive.

To be fair, I didn't know about the Apollo bit specifically.

The fact that I was a demigod?

Sure.

A small part of me had figured that out ages ago while the rest of me ignored the possibility with such force of denial that the river in Egypt was probably seething with jealousy.

But that I was a demigod of Apollo, specifically?

Nah.

I'd been too afraid to ask.

See, there's this pretty widespread misconception from my first go-around at life - the idea, nay, the trope, that the average Joe off the street could die, probably instantly and/or traumatically, wake up in a new, fantastical world with equally fantastical dangers and stakes around every corner, and still come out alright.

Sure, there'd be a mandatory period of adjustment. Things wouldn't be too easy - They'd hit a few walls, they'd stumble and they'd fall, probably more than once even, but they wouldn't let that keep them down.

Eventually, in the end, they'd take life by the reigns and rise to the occasion.

That's what you'd do, isn't it?

You'd go in swinging and aiming for the top, overcoming all the challenges in between, even fate itself, right?

Right?

...

The absolute hell you would, you delusional hack.

Life isn't an isekai adventure. If you find yourself in a world where the average supernatural element you're likely to encounter would either want to eat you or could flatten you like a bug on a windshield with contemptuous ease, you don't start messing around and entertaining delusions of grandeur - you keep your head down and you play possum like your life depends on it, because odds are?

It probably does.

That's what I did.

Daniel Winchester.

Thirteen, nearly fourteen.

Lived and has lived with his uncle's family in the little town of Maple, Upstate New York ever since his mom died in a car crash when he was little.

If you look a little closer, the uncle is distant and more than a little cold at times, and the aunt isn't all that much better even if she does try, but their kids are pretty cool, and that's good enough to even out.

All in all, Daniel's pretty normal.

That's me.

That was who and all I was happy being.

And it worked.

I don't know if my sheer desire had something to do with it, or maybe it was just the Mist playing ball, but I made it that long through life unscathed, even as the oddities continued to pile up.

Familiar oddities.

The Dyslexia, the ADHD, the blatantly impossible understanding of written Greek I'd tested out on a suspicious whim, and the occasional things I'd see when I was out and about - people that weren't quite people. Pets with too many teeth - and promptly convince myself were tricks of the light I shouldn't be giving any second thoughts to.

False alarm, nothing to see here, move along please.

Despite it all, I was still ordinary.

Still safe.

But the crappy thing about inordinately good luck?

It always runs out.

I'd had a good run, almost a decade and a half, and it had been good.

Great, even. I wasn't picky.

Until today.

I had been running late after school. I'd signed up for the basketball club this year - and wow, did that make a lot of sense in hindsight - and by the time we were done with practice, it was already getting dark out.

I took a shower, changed into something fresh, horsed around with a few friends for a while before I decided to head home.

Then, I took five steps out of the front gate when I saw them and froze.

Three guys, standing under a street lamp across the street, dressed in dark winter coats and scarves that wrapped around half their lower faces, the upper halves distinct and hazy. Each of them was huge, six foot-something, and with shoulders almost too broad to be physically possible.

Worse, each of them held a leash with a spike-collared dog on the end. They looked like black labrador retrievers at first glance, but when they scented the air and their heads abruptly snapped to me, growls slipping through their muzzles, their forms seemed to flicker and glitch into something distinctly sharper before reimposing themselves.

And their eyes?

Deep, deep crimson - and no way in hell that shade was natural.

I swallowed roughly as the lead scarf-face turned and stared me down, before raising a gloved hand to pull his scarf down, revealing a too-wide mouth pulled into a sinister grin and filled with sharp, crooked yellowing teeth.

The shimmer to his face burst, then, and I saw his eyes-

No.

Cold, existential fear lanced down my spine.

His Eye.

Singular. Just the one.

Too large, inhuman, placed right smack dab in the center of his - its - face.

Cyclops.

Three of them.

No, no, no.

My denial died a violent death right then and there because there was proof.

Vicious, bloodthirsty proof.

The lead cyclops's smile grew that much more unhinged as I trembled.

They had me.

I knew it, they knew it, and their goddamned dogs probably knew it before either of us did.

In the face of that imminent threat, I did the only thing I could.

Namely, I turned tail and took off at a dead sprint faster than anything I'd moved in my entire soon-to-be-over life.

Behind me, I could have sworn I heard a laugh, loud and cruel, but it almost immediately faded, replaced by the whistle of cold air in my ear as I ran so hard my feet went numb.

I didn't stop until I got home, running up the driveway to our two-story house and vaulting clear over the picket fence in one bound the way I'd ordinarily skip a step going up the stairs, before tearing across the garden, not even noticing the trampled flower beds over the thrumming of my heartbeat in my head as I reached the door and threw it open hard enough for it to crack against the back wall.

"What the- Urgh!"

"Monsters!" I gasped as I slammed right into my uncle David, and he went still in my grip as I grabbed onto his shirt with both fists and tried my hardest to freaking breathe. "Monsters!"

"...What?"

He didn't sound confused, or doubtful.

Instead, he sounded deathly afraid, and that was somehow worse.

His eyes had gone glassy and distant behind the rim of his square glasses - Like he was seeing something that wasn't there, or maybe even remembering it instead.

"Cyclopes." I managed to say, and swallowing to wet my sand-paper dry throat felt like I was trying to force a brick down an already clogged pipe. "There are cyclopes coming after me."

I wasn't worried about him not believing me - his voice alone was proof enough that he'd known something like this was possible, which would have raised so many more questions about how's and why's if I wasn't so damn scared right then.

Sure enough, as soon as the last word was out of my mouth, he staggered back like I'd socked him in the gut.

"Oh god... Sarah." He whispered before he abruptly spun around and roared down the hallway. "Sarah!"

"What!?" My Aunt yelped and came running our way "David, what-?"

He pointed at me.

"Monsters. They've come for him."

She blanched in horror.

"Oh god." Her breathing went from lukewarm to hysterical gasping in no time flat. "Oh god, oh god, oh god-"

My uncle took two steps and grabbed her by the arm, giving her a good sharp jolt that had her mouth clamping shut despite the wild look in her eyes.

"Grab the girls, and get our go-bags." He gave her another jerk for good measure. "Now!"

"Go-bags?" I stared at him incredulously as she took off, the saxophone of fight-or-flight instincts finally smothered long enough for me to think properly. "You have go-bags?"

I know, my priorities are shit, but something about the way he said that just about forced me to do a spit-take - the way my straight-laced, no-nonsense uncle just spat out a line that sounded like something out of a cheesy action flick with a straight face didn't quite compute.

Or it might just been my own hysteria setting in.

Dealer's choice.

Either way, he didn't answer me.

Instead, he took off down the same hallway and took a sharp left, disappearing out of my sight. I didn't pay attention, too busy staring out of the window and expecting the Cyclops from before to leer in at me from the dark at any moment, but I could hear his frantic footsteps going up the stairs, and then the sharp sound of hinges and a descending ladder from the attic.

When something up above crashed against the floorboards it felt like my heart was about to claw its way out of my ribcage, and I could hear aunt Susan screaming in fright in the other room, but the thump of my uncle going down the stairs kicked right back up again, and not a blink later he was coming back around the corner and running right at me, something held in each arm.

"These are for you."

The longbow didn't look like anything special, at first glance.

Well crafted, sure, and the golden brown was a pleasant shade, but it wasn't anything you'd stop to gawk at.

Somehow, though, the moment my uncle pressed it into my hand and my fingers closed around the leather grip, the feel of it still hit like a religious experience.

Which, again, made a lot of sense in hindsight.

My eyes widened and I exhaled as warmth seemed to radiate from it, leeching up my arm and all the way up my spine, pushing away the terrible fear from before and replacing it with utter wonder. I twitched and raised it, and it felt perfect, its weight both feather-light and perfectly proportioned even though it shouldn't have possibly been quite so easy to move.

I almost didn't notice it when my uncle moved my free arm to sling the accompanying quiver loaded with arrows over my right shoulder before he grabbed both and finally jolted me out of my trance with real, harried force.

"Daniel, your father is the Greek God Apollo."

"Well, I'm screwed."

"..."

There. He said his thing, I said mine - All caught up.

And not a moment too soon.

I didn't have time to react to the way the name seemed to thrum in the air, a weight to it that shouldn't have come from a mere word, because some lizard-brained instinct screamed bloody murder at me out of nowhere and I was suddenly throwing myself at my uncle and tackling him down right as the wall behind us exploded.

I mean that - it sounds pretty straightforward when you put it like that, but I don't think any number of words could actually give you a good picture of what it was like when the solid wall was forcibly retired from being a wall and instead became a wave of spraying wood, plaster, glass and all kinds of pulverised projectile debris that shot off everywhere with a roar like an avalanche as something massive was driven through it.

For about a solid five seconds, I thought we were goners.

Then the sound of stuff breaking and the instant of stunned silence that followed it took a back burner as my aunt' renewed screaming won out over it, this time with both my little cousins adding to the chorus, and I realized that we were still alive and still very much in deep shit.

I shot up to my feet, debris and bits of just about everything pouring off me as I staggered back and pulled my uncle to his feet.

Credit where credit was due, he immediately took off again and nearly left me in his sawdust as he clambered across the ruined hallway.

"Sarah!"

The good news was that my aunt was alive and unhurt. My cousin's room was fine, garish pink wallpaper and all - they hadn't been hit.

The bad news was that she looked like she was a step away from going into catatonic shock, four bags slung over one shoulder, little Alex shivering in her grip with her head tucked into the crook of her neck.

Katie, on the other hand, was standing right beside her when we came into the room, and she took one look at her dad and me and burst into big, ugly sobs before she took off like a missile and leaped into his shaking grip.

"David?"

The three of them trembled in terror as they stared at my uncle, who looked like his entire life was both metaphorically and very literally falling apart, and...

The pieces of some puzzle I hadn't even known I was playing at clicked into place with awful clarity.

We were all going to end up dead if we didn't-

No.

I'm the demigod here.

We were all going to die if I didn't do anything.

But I could do something.

Better yet, I knew what to do.

"You guys need to run."

The bow in my hand seemed to pulse with another burst of warmth as they rounded on me in disbelief, almost like it was encouraging me to keep talking.

I decided to oblige it.

"You need to run now," I repeated, feeling strangely, absurdly calm despite the stares and the insanity of the situation. "They only want me. I can keep them busy, but you guys need to leave right now."

I didn't even understand where the words and the sheer resolve were coming from, but it was another thing I couldn't afford to question right this second.

My uncle looked like he was losing his mind.

"Daniel-"

"It's not up for debate!" I snapped, and then hissed sharply as I heard it - a series of low, sharp growls and heavy thudding - footfalls - echoing out there in the dark.

From the way they paled, everybody else heard them just fine.

"Time to move. Now."

I didn't wait for them to answer before I turned around and slipped back out of the room, reaching over my shoulder to draw an arrow before nocking it into my bow in a single fluid movement.

I'd never so much as held either a bow or an arrow in my life, but the act was still somehow easy, as natural as breathing.

Son of Apollo, huh?

It made me feel strong and capable in a way I almost certainly wasn't.

Not in this - but the feeling was all I had, so I clung to it like a lifeline as we crept back the way we came.

Behind me, Aunt Sarah choked.

"Is that our car?"

I blinked in realization and stared, because... yeah.

It totally was.

The family's Dodge Caravan was stuck halfway into our destroyed living room, trunk first, with its windows and tail lights shattered and its tires flattened into an unrecoverable mess. Parts of the roof had collapsed and pinned it in place, and the rest of the ceiling was creaking and tilting dangerously.

I'm no real-estate prospector or anything, but I'd bet you pennies on the dollar that everything from the car to a good chunk of the house was a total right-off.

"Well, look on the bright side." I managed to crack a grin with confidence I didn't feel and a voice that was the fakest thing I'd ever managed in my life. "You guys always wanted to rework the living room, and now...well..."

I kicked a little pile of dust away.

"You kinda have to. And hey, a new minivan wouldn't hurt."

Uncle David's eyes were going all glassy again.

"You're not funny, you little sh- punk."

Almost swearing in front of the girls?

Yep, forget maybe - that hysteria thing was definitely in the bag now.

"I'm hilarious."

Another set of growls killed the next words on the tip of my tongue like they had a personal grudge against them, and my grip on the bow tightened until it hurt. Out of the corner of my vision, through a gap in the ruined wall, I thought I saw something flicker past, and the adrenaline in my veins shot right back up through the stratosphere.

The cold breeze sweeping into the room was suddenly arctic, even if the warmth of the bow in my had seemed to offset it.

"Go." I took a deep breath and another step forwards. "Through the back door and out into the woods."

Aunt Sarah looked sick.

"We can't leave you."

Oh, for the love of-!

"You're not leaving me." It was a struggle to keep my breathing even, my attention caught between them and the sounds outside the house. Why hadn't they attacked yet? "You're protecting Katie and Alex."

That got her, I could tell from her eyes. In her grip, Alex shifted, finally raising her head and giving me a confused look, like she didn't understand what was happening.

Katie didn't understand everything either, but she understood enough - kids had sharper instincts than people gave them credit for - that I could see her tearing up again and reaching for me with both hands.

The relief I felt when my uncle held her back was indescribable.

I did not need a hug from my cute baby cousin right now, because then I'd probably start crying too, and going off to certain death with tears in my eyes like some kind of crybaby would just be embarrassing for everybody involved.

If I was dying, I could at least pretend to be a badass about it.

"Daniel-"

"I'll be right behind you, Uncle Dave." I gave the quietly distraught man another smile with just about all the strength and composure I had left to offer. "I just have to take care of this first."

Liar, he probably wanted to say, but in the end he could only nod.

"Be safe." He hesitated. "Your mother would be proud of you."

The last I saw of my family was my uncle herding them off through the back in a run, leaving me gaping after them - and him - like an absolute idiot.

"That was..." I swallowed and strangled the feelings welling up inside me with ease of practice. "You absolute dick."

My eyes didn't sting as I turned around - they didn't.

"What kind of stereotypical cliché bullshit was that? Gross."

I turned around and was out into the night in less than ten steps.

The cyclopes were waiting for me in the driveway.

"Finally!"

The leader of the stood at the helm, the one who'd flashed his teeth at me - only, he was worse now.

A lot worse.

Eight tall instead of six, just like his friends, and his upper clothes had melted away leaving only rusty bronze bracers on either arm and orange-tinted skin that stretched over an enormously muscled frame that would have had professional bodybuilders either weeping with envy or recoiling in horror. His biceps alone were probably the size of my head, and his head was bald and a little too long to look quite human, that one single eye glaring horrible over the crooked maw beneath it.

The other two had stripped down as well, so I suppose the autumn chill didn't mean all that much to them, and one of them had an enormous, misshapen wooden club that was stained with something I desperately tried not to think about.

The dogs the group had brought with them weren't leashed anymore either - instead, two of them had almost tripled in size, their features growing sharper and more savage, their muzzles barred and slobbering as their own red eyes zeroed in on me just the same as their masters.

Hellhounds, or something. I didn't know enough to tell.

The third one, though...

It didn't change size. It didn't shift - it just stood there, a little labrador with its hackles lowered, ears drooping, looking vaguely miserable even as the lead cyclops took a step forward and forced me to turn my attention away from it to him.

"Demigod!" His voice boomed, joyous and nasty all at once. "There you are!"

Another thrum of warmth from the bow had me raising an eyebrow, trying to look indifferent.

"Do I know you?"

He actually frowned

"No-"

"STRANGER DANGER!" I roared and loosed the arrow I'd been pulling back on with all my strength, and it sailed through the air with perfect, supernatural accuracy, a bronze-tipped shot fuelled by the ghost of a chance and sheer audacity.

The cyclops's eye barely had time to widen before the arrow struck it and went right through, the arrowhead piercing out the back of his skull with a sound I'd never forget ever.

For a moment, even the air seemed to hold its breath. The cyclops's mouth twitched and opened, almost in disbelief, and then he swayed, once, twice, before promptly exploding into a cloud of raining golden dust that was quickly cast into the night breeze and dissipated into nothingness.

Only my arrow was left, falling down into the asphalt with a faint, almost anticlimactic clatter.

".."

"..."

"..."

The other two cyclopes looked at the spot where their boss had just been standing, before exchanging a look and turning over to me. Even the dogs seemed to have their jaws hanging wide open.

You could almost hear disbelieving crickets chirping in the background.

"...Holy shit, that actually worked?" I muttered, just as stunned as them even as I drew another arrow and quickly nocked it "Like, seriously, how the hell did that even work?"

Then I quickly readjusted my aim and prepared to fire again-

"!"

-before cursing viciously and leaping over the porch and to my left as the first of the hellhounds went from standing to attention to murder mode in the blink of an eye, a rabid growl tearing out of its throat as it charged up the path between us and leaped for mine. It slammed into the debris behind me with another thunderous crash that signaled the start of the carnage in earnest.

It felt like the neurons in my brain were firing off a mile a minute as I landed on the balls of my feet, eyes and ears screaming warnings as I tried to keep every threat in sight.

The cyclopes were slow-moving, but bad doggie the second was already closing in on me even as the first poked its snout out of the house and let out a baleful noise like a chainsaw cleaving through rock.

Seems that it was pissed.

Joy

Two hellhounds coming at me, one arrow, and not a chance in hell of nocking a second after taking the first shot without ending up with a face full of teeth.

No time to think, no missteps.

Only non-stop movement.

So I pulled what was, at first glance, the most insanely suicidal stunt I could have under the present circumstances, following instincts I'd never exercised a day in my life.

Instead of running away from the charging hellhound, I charged towards it.

The hellhound obviously didn't see that one coming, because its jaws snapped halfway shut and it almost seemed like it was about to try backing up out of its run to figure out what kind of stupid it was dealing with here - or maybe that was just me - but I didn't give it the chance to do a thing.

I made it five feet away from it before I leaped, planting my foot straight down on its forehead before shooting off of it and launching myself even higher up into the air.

For the second time that night, it was as if everything paused - and there I was.

Flying through the air, upper body twisting to one side in the same motion, locking my sights on the second hellhound just now clawing its way out of the house and almost enjoying the absolute sentient incredulity in the way it balked as I took aim and fired.

One second my arrow was shooting through the intervening space between us, and the next it was buried right up to the fletching in the wanna-be Cujo's skull.

It didn't even get to whimper before it, too, was bursting into golden dust.

Watching that happen in what felt like slow motion was... an indescribable sensation. The victory was almost heady, and coupled with the instant relief and the idea that, hey, I might actually not die here...

For a second, I felt like a hero - invincible.

And then the cyclops with the club swung it and caught me right in the chest, and that feeling, plus all the air in my lungs and what felt like a good number of my ribs all collectively called it quits.

The blow knocked me right out of the air and I the ground hard, gasping and nearly swallowing a mouthful of displaced dirt, but I didn't have the luxury of a moment to get my breath.

Move or die.

I managed to scramble onto my feet and take off into the beginning of a run just as the hellhound whose skull I'd used as a springboard darted past, its growl filled with hate.

Before, I was just a convenient chew toy, but now?

Now it was personal.

I tried to move off to the side again, nocking another arrow, but the other cyclops was right there and nearly took my head off with a backhanded swing of his fist that I dodged by the skin of my teeth. My ribs cried foul at all the rapid movement, but the pain seemed so distant I barely felt it.

"Hold still!"

I took several steps back, but both cyclopes were closing in on my right and left respectively, while the hellhound remained directly in my line of sight, prowling forward with a promise filled with deadly malice.

I couldn't even turn back and take off into a run across the woods behind - I knew with almost iron-clad certainty that the hellhound would run me down in a straight race if I tried, and then I'd be toast.

I exhaled, fingers white against the fletching of my third arrow, frame wired with enough tension to grind diamonds into dust and ready to bolt anyway at a split-second's notice.

"I don't suppose we could talk about this, fellas?"

I tried for a smile, but it fell flat. Sweat ran down my brow and stung my eyes, and my heartbeat was back to ringing in my ears again.

The cyclops with the club grunted at me.

"You killed my brother."

... That was...

"Sorry?"

"I hated him." The cyclops actually shrugged, which made me blink before his one eye narrowed pointedly. "But I'm still going to eat you."

Worth a shot.

"You shouldn't do that. I taste awful."

The other cyclops seemed to pause.

"Really?"

"Downright terrible," I said with a completely straight face while cursing out to every god and goddess and everything in between that I could think of at the moment for this utter crap. "Have you seen me? I'm only thirteen. A shrimp. Not even ripe by demigod standards."

"Oh."

He seemed disappointed, and I blinked again.

Was this seriously-?

The other cyclops scowled at his friend.

"He's lying."

Damn it.

"Oh!" The gullible cyclops perked up, taking another step toward me, before he suddenly reared back. "Eh?"

He'd nearly stepped over the third hellhound - the one that still hadn't made a move and instead seemed to have hunched down and focused on making itself as small as possible.

"Oi. Why aren't you helping?" The little dog whimpered, eyes flickering all over the place, and the cyclops's frown twisted into something ugly. "Stupid mutt."

He gave it a sharp kick that sent it tumbling away and had me backing up several paces in case it got too close.

"You really shouldn't be calling anyone stupid, buddy." I couldn't help but blurt it out - I blame my terrible survival instincts going haywire for it. "That dog probably has more braincells than you do eyes."

The cyclops stared at me funny.

"I only have one eye."

"...Exactly."

Honestly, I doubt he actually understood the insult, but he must have eventually figured out that it was one because his face screwed up in rage and he took a heavy step froward.

The other hellhound growled at me and picked up the pace of its prowling in return, and I felt real fear closing in again as they did, and I barely noticed the runt of the pair taking it's chance and bolting off away from all of us, to busy trying and failing to find a way to do anything to save myself.

But I had nothing.

There was no way I was coming out of this alive, not at this range.

I'd need a damned miracle to even-

...

...

There's an idea.

Hope was a killer, but it was better than death by hellhound, so I desperately tried to clear my mind and play the only card I might have left to play.

Apollo?

Greek Gods in this world paid attention to their kids entirely depending on their whims, but maybe, just maybe-

Dad?

Nothing.

Look, I know you're probably really busy doing all kinds of super important sun god stuff, but if you could help me out here, that'd be awesome.

Still nothing.

I swallowed again, trying very hard not to let my fear consume me as the monsters got even close.

Dad, I'm only thirteen. I don't want to die yet.

I closed my eyes, just for a second.

Please.

"Alright." The cyclops with the club grunted again. "Time for dinner."

The hellhound snarled its agreement, and all of them made to move-

Suddenly it hit me - a flash of inspiration, somewhere in between a gut instinct and a literal premonition that slipped into my head out of nowhere, along with a feeling of reassurance that had me nearly going weak at the knees - And I knew what to do.

"WAIT!" I yelled, and they paused. Then they stared as I let the arrow I'd nocked slip from my fingers and hit the ground at my feet. "I give up!"

"..."

The cyclops with the club slowly lowered it, eye twitching for some unknowable reason.

"...Really?

"Well-"

My hand shot up, far faster than it had before, and pulled an arrow from my quiver that hadn't been there before.

It glinted a shade of brilliant gold that seemed to light up the night as I nocked and aimed with a furious glare of my own this time around.

"-no."

I let it rip just as the hellhound leaped, and threw myself off to the side - but I wasn't fast enough.

The golden arrow flew-

Fire lanced across my chest as a clawed paw tore across it, the pain instant and blinding, and instead of my feet, I hit the ground on my side, blood quickly spreading through the shredded remains of my shirt.

But I still grinned savagely, because I'd already won.

- before hitting home and sinking into just the right spot in the asphalt between the cyclopes

The unholy, cataclysmic eruption of noise that followed seemed to split the world in half. Impossibly loud and off-pitch and wrong in all the worst ways, and attack that shook and wrecked the ground around us as echoed right down to my bones - but it didn't actually hurt me.

Not even a little.

The cyclopes, on the other, suffered and wailed silently as the noise quite literally ripped them apart, their forms buckling and twisting this way and that before they were reduced to golden dust and banished away, not with a bang, and not even with a whimper that anyone would have cared to hear.

Good freaking riddance.

The murderous hellhound lasted just a second longer - Long enough for me to get my head off the ground and stare it dead in the eyes as it staggered in pained terror before I gave it another grin, this one as nasty as it was victorious, and flipped it off.

"Bad doggie."

And just as soon as I'd finished mouthing the last word, it popped like a balloon full of dust, and the world abruptly went silent.

...

"...Huh. Is it really over?"

At least, that's what I tried to say.

Instead, it came out as a garbled, wordless mess around the same time as I registered the taste of iron in my mouth.

Blood. Lots of it.

That's when the pain hit, and my head was on the ground again as everything seemed to go cold and hot all at once, and I lost nearly all strength in my limbs.

Wow.

I'd felt it when it happened, but that hellhound really messed me up, didn't it?

The realization only made the pain get worse, and my lungs rattled in my chest in a way that was all wrong even as I tried to swallow down the blood in my mouth uselessly.

I couldn't move to see the wound, but I knew that it was horrific

I'm actually dying, aren't I?

Then things started going numb, and a part of me began to really panic.

Uh, dad?

Wasn't Apollo the god of healing?

It might be ungrateful to ask for more, since you just saved my bacon and all, but...

I couldn't even finish the prayer.

My vision was starting to go black around the edges. The contrast made the stars up above in the sky seemed that much brighter.

Help

Everything was growing distant. I couldn't move at all anymore

Somebody.

I was drifting away, feeling as heavy as an anvil.

Please.

Abruptly, the agony in my gut changed.

It didn't grow any less horrible, but the quality of it shifted. It went from a burning to a tugging, like something inside of me was bieng torn out by an inexorable force.

I would have screamed, but I didn't have the strength and that would have just ended up with me gargling my own blood like a total loser.

The parts of the world I could see seemed to glitch, the way the monsters had earlier before it unraveled, and...

L̵͚͑͆i̶̗͒̊g̵̠͖͆h̸̡̖̀̆t̷͚̗̓͑s̵̜̰͠​


For a beat, space itself seemed to melt into some kind of collapsing vortex of multi-fractal lights, filled with things I didn't have the presence of mind to even register.

Pretty, I thought, utterly delirious.

And then those lights went supernova, scorching and all-consuming, and I was suddenly weightless and tumbling into nothingness like a feather in the wind, and the last thing I heard was something that sounded strangely like a canine whimper of fear.

What was that about?

And then-

...

The lights went out.​

...

As always, leave your comments and ideas and if you don't like it, please be courteous.
Last edited: Oct 21, 2025
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Darkplayer35, thyrokio and 1,552 others
Firewillreign
Feb 16, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks I Get a New Puppy, And An Existential Crisis
View content
Firewillreign
Firewillreign
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 26, 2023
Messages888
Likes received82,880
Feb 22, 2025
Add bookmark
#61
Going as far back as I can remember, I was always an early riser - and by early riser, I mean that sometimes it took effort for me not to be up at the crack of dawn every morning.

Unless I'd had a hell of day or night before, the moment the first rays of sunlight streaked through my bedroom window, my eyes would be blinking open, no alarm clock or wake-up call needed.

Knowing what I do now, I honestly couldn't tell you if it was a general demigod thing, a son of Apollo thing, or just a me thing, but it was usually pretty convenient - and ordinarily gradual.

It still took a little time -maybe a minute or two- for my brain to properly kick itself into gear, and during said time I tended to enjoy that slow, fuzzy feeling everybody gets in the morning when they're still half-asleep and stretching in bed like spoiled cats.

The warm sunlight tickling my face just made it better.

When I woke up this time, though, there was no such feeling.

One second, I was totally dead to the world.

The next, I was suddenly wide awake and gasping, eyes flying open as the phantom images of fracturing lights and stuff so weird I could barely understand or even remember it for the life of me slipped away like grains of sand between my fingers, replaced by another frantic, incredulous thought going off in my head like an old-school air-raid siren at full volume.

Jesus christ, did I just die!?

... Even thinking that was probably technically blasphemous on multiple levels given all the context surrounding my life, but right then I wasn't so much thinking as I was moving on survival-driven auto-pilot and disorientation as I leaped to my feet and quickly pressed both hands against my chest, the memory of the fiery pain and the numbness that followed still fresh in my mind.

I could almost still taste the overpowering tang of iron in my mouth.

But I felt nothing.

My zip-up hoodie and the shirt beneath it weren't the shredded, bloody messes I was expecting - both were untorn, practically spotless.

Confused and panicking, I lifted my shirt right then and there, uncaring of who might see - I wasn't even registering my surroundings yet - and abruptly found myself tracing smooth, unblemished skin.

Not so much as a scratch on it - on me.

What?

Slowly, the instinctive panic began to subside, but the confusion seemed to readily bubble up to take its place.

So...

Observation - I wasn't dead.

Conclusion - Nice. No complaints there - I happened to be very fond of living.

Question - How in the hell though?

I'd felt a good chunk of my insides get turned into minced meat - and wow had that sucked - but now...

"..."

It was at that point that I'd finally straightened myself out enough to finally look up and realize something important.

I have no idea where I am.

Standing in front of a bench I must've been passed out on, in the middle of a park or some other generic outdoorsy garden I didn't recognize at all, a few rows of trees and stretches of flower beds and artistically maintained bushes growing out in front past a winding walkway of paved white stone that swept out in either direction before curving around the greenery to lead who knows where with no one around and the only light coming from the sunrise peaking over the treetops in the distance.

There was even a nice, cool breeze brushing against my skin and ruffling my hair.

"Where...?"

I turned right around and blinked.

My bow and quiver were propped up against the bench behind me, looking as pristine and untouched as I did, somehow.

Besides them was a small, black backpack that wasn't mine, but there wasn't anyone around it could have belonged to.

I even turned about to look, just to make sure.

And then I heard the bark.

The familiar bark.

And I moved.

Clearly, I was already getting better at this demigod thing fast, because my mind cleared. My bow was in my hand with an arrow nocked in less time than it took me to breathe, the tip aimed dead center at the patch of shadows beneath the nearest tree some twelve feet away from me and ready to go at a twitch.

I'd have done it too, but the next thing I knew, the shadows began to ripple and sway before suddenly ballooning up and spitting out the same little Labrador-looking hellhound from before, inky black fur and red eyes sticking out sharply against the muted colors of the bark and the grass beneath it.

It rose out of it's crouch after a second of shaking it's head in disorientation, before it padded out from under the tree cover, spotted me and my primed arrow, and froze.

"Seriously?" I snapped with real heat in my voice. It whimpered and dropped its head so low its snout was practically buried in the dirt, which made me hesitate a second. "How- No, why are you still here?"

I wasn't scared of it.

The thing was the least threatening of its friends, downright wimpy even, but that didn't mean I wasn't angry.

Hadn't I already hit the mandatory quota for my first demigod monster encounter?

Sure, I'd only made it out near the end because of literal divine intervention, but it still counted! Three cyclopes and two hellhounds was at least equal to a minotaur, and I'd fight anyone who said otherwise.

The hellhound seemed to quail even more under my glare.

I didn't have time for this - I had to figure out where I was and how to get back home, and I needed to make sure the others were fine and that things hadn't been too rough on their end.

I may have dealt with all the monsters except for this one, but running through the woods at night in the middle of December the way they'd been forced to wasn't exactly safe to begin with.

I should have just shot it and gotten it all over with already. How it survived the sonic arrow Apollo had blessed me with was anyone's guess, but it didn't seem particularly menacing as it tried to make itself look smaller and smaller, and it couldn't get away when I had it pinned at point-blank range.

...

But...

As the seconds ticked by and neither of us moved, I found myself wavering.

I wasn't having a good day, but I wasn't blind.

The little hellhound hadn't hurt me at all - Even when its buddies tried to have me for dinner, and one of them nearly succeeded, it looked like it was having about as much fun as I was.

It hadn't even attacked when I was out cold and easy pickings for it with how close it probably had been, and the longer I stared at it, the harder it was to see it as some mythical monster out to get me when I wasn't looking.

It just looked like a scared dog.

I hesitated.

What kind of evil jerk shoots a dog?

It gave another little whimper as my aim wavered, just a little, and I grit my teeth in uncertainty.

What now?

...

Damn it.

Ever so slowly, and ignoring the part of me that was cursing out my bleeding heart like a professional sailor, I lowered my bow and removed the arrow.

The dog perked up, obviously astonished, and I was almost tempted to smile at how dopey it looked.

"Go."

It stared.

I could almost hear it going 'Dude, for real?'

"Go. Shoo, shoo." I even gestured slowly to put it at ease, and it seemed to work. "Beat it, and don't come back."

I had bigger things to worry about.

But the dog didn't leave.

Instead, it began to trot up to me.

My bow hand twitched when it did, and it slowed down a little, but when I didn't do more than stare at it warily, it picked up the pace and came right up to me.

Then it barked and began to wag its tail happily.

"You..." I blinked. "Sit."

It sat, though its wagging didn't slow down a bit.

"...huh."

I'm not going to lie and pretend I held out longer than I did - I folded like wet tissue paper and loaded my arrow back in my quiver, got down on one knee, and started petting it - him, I guess - like I would any other dog.

What?

I like dogs, sue me.

A close call at death-by-hellhound wasn't going to change that.

Granted this one was far from ordinary himself, but he lapped the affection right up, wiggling in place and panting excitedly as I ran my free hand through his soft fur.

You'd think he'd be a little more reserved with me after everything, but I guess his previous owners really sucked all around on his end too, so I must have ended up doing him a favor after all.

"...You're not half bad, I guess." I begrudgingly admitted, before I tried to give him another hard look even though my heart wasn't in it anymore. "But if you have a change of heart and try to eat me after this, I'm going to be so damn mad."

All I got for my attempt at a warning was an unexpected attack of slobber as he started enthusiastically trying to lick me and almost bowled me over.

"Oh, dude, gross! Quit it!"

I didn't even realize I was laughing until I stood up after giving him another ruffle and remembering my priorities, and that quickly sobered me up.

Still, I felt lighter than before.

More focused too.

"I need to go now." His tail stopped wagging and his excitement turned into mournful despair so quickly it had me wincing from the whiplash. The sad sigh just made it worse. "Don't give me that. I need to start figuring things out and you need to..."

I had no idea, actually.

"... go home, or something?"

I swear he was questioning my intelligence with the look he gave me.

"Well, good luck."

I even gave him a little nod, before turning around and walking back to the bench. The backpack was still there, and I wasn't a thief or anything, but extraordinary circumstances and all that, and I needed a clue to get started.

I frowned when I picked it up - Empty, or close to it.

I unzipped it and rummaged through the pockets, but the only thing I managed to come up with was a wad of bills folded inside the mesh pocket - and if that was the kind of thing I was looking for, I might've considered the find a score.

Only, they weren't dollars.

"Are these euros?"

They were.

Crisp, clean, six-hundred all in all. A hefty sum in a currency that was useless to me.

Okay, fine.

It might've been a coincidence or something - the bag probably belonged to a tourist or something, and they'd just forgotten it here.

Wherever here was.

Not a big deal.

I tried to dismiss the bad feeling beginning to build up in my gut as I shoved the money back into the bag and zipped it back up.

"Alright." I glanced to the right and eyed the pathway stretching out in front of me, before nodding to myself. I'd just have to put in a little effort, that's all. "The hard way then."

A bark interrupted me before I could take the first step, though, and I found the dog staring up at me resolutely.

"What?"

A pointed bark.

My eyes narrowed as I understood what he was getting at.

"You are not coming with me."

More insistent barking was my answer even as I shook my head.

"Are you kidding me? No."

I could just tell that was what he wanted, and the answer was laughingly obviously.

A little petting was one thing, but anything more than that was a whole other bucket of nope.

"Absolutely not."

There was no way.

None at all.

And that was final.

...​

Ten minutes later and he was still keeping pace with me happily even as I shot him the occasional dirty glare.

...​

Five minutes after that, I figured out where we were.

Athens.

As in Athens, Greece.

...

Oh, I'm sorry, was that too abrupt?

I'd have eased you into it better, except there's really no way to describe the sheer lunacy I felt as we walked until we passed through a conveniently open metal gate with no one in sight, turned a corner out into a street that was only now beginning to fill with people passing us by, and caught a perfect view of the Acropolis of Athens rising in the distance, framed by the sunrise in a way that almost made it glint to the eyes.

You couldn't have more thoroughly stunned me if you'd whacked me in the face with a celestial bronze warhammer.

I might have preferred that, actually.

See, I knew what it was and recognized it just fine - fifth and sixth-grade history class loved to talk about ancient Greece, complete with modern-day pictures and everything - and frankly?

I deserve a reward for not having a nervous breakdown right then and there, street full of people be damned.

The Acropolis, Athens, Greece.

Also recognized as part of the ancient lands by those in the know - the original dominion and stomping grounds of the Greek and Roman gods before they'd packed their bags and hightailed it after the flame of Western Civilisation when it moved on to greener pastures.

But just because they'd dipped out half a bajillion years ago out didn't mean that everyone and everything that used to live in their old estate had also vacated the premises - oh no.

That would be too easy.

Instead, the older, stronger, and nastier monsters and borderline forces of nature that didn't get with the times' way back when stuck behind and refused to budge to this day, like a malevolent pest infestation thousands of years in the making, and I was right smack dab in the middle of it.

Sounds fun, right?

I'd say I jumped out of the frying pan and into the fire, but honestly?

This was more like jumping out of the frying pan and into a nuclear reactor mid-meltdown.

The only places a living demigod could have ended up that were worse were Alaska, the Underworld and Tartarus itself - in exactly that order.

So... yeah.

A delayed freakout was definitely in the books somewhere down the line.

In the meantime, the Acropolis continued to loom out there in my field of vision like a giant monolithic testament to how utterly dead I was, and all the while I stared at it, my eyes twitching uncontrollably and my mouth opening and closing soundlessly.

Eventually, after what felt like a million years, something nudged the back my knee with enough gentle pressure to make me stumble half a step forward and bring me back to reality.

The labrador gave me a funny look as I craned my neck down towards him.

So what now, he seemed to ask.

"Isn't it obvious?"

I smiled down with a upturn of my lips so fake you'd think it was made in China.

"We try not to die."

...​

To my credit, I didn't immediately pray to Apollo.

I'm not going to pretend that was because of any pride on my part - No, this was just caution.

From what I knew, Apollo was much more... mild and easy going that most gods, but that bar was buried so deep in the ground you'd need an oil drill to dig it back out again.

The Olympians as I knew them to be in this world took an approach with their kids that alternated on a sliding scale between hands-off and completely divorced from reality.

I didn't need the only one of them I could nominally count on to be in my corner writing me off as the ungrateful kid who kept asking for handouts... but I wasn't exactly swimming in options.

Also, I didn't know if he had any part of me landing here, and if he did and I got some kind of answer proving as much, I had no idea if I'd be able to keep my mouth shut or my prayers mild.

Though it didn't make sense that he would.

Spiriting me away to one of the most dangerous places I could possibly be netted him a grand total of jack... unless this was some kind of applied karma for saving my life, or something different.

Didn't gods like sending their kids on stupidly absurd quests?

Was that what this was?

Hey son! You know how I saved your life? Well, I hope you didn't think that was a freebie, buddy. I'm going to need you to do this, this, and that within the next three to five business days at the latest, so get your game face on! Try not to die horribly!

Just the thought of it had me wanting to punch something, but I managed to hold off on the impulse and stop myself from calling out to Apollo for the first few hours.

Instead, I walked through the streets of Athens for a while, flinching at every particularly loud noise and staying far away from any corners or narrow alleyways as I tried to figure something out.

I kept expecting something enormous and half-made of teeth to jump out at me at any second, and when it didn't I only got more tense.

By the time the first hour was up, I was wired up like a bomb ready to blow.

And then, by some stroke of stupid luck, I found an internet café, and for the first time in my life my being hardwired to read and understand Greek fluently came in handy.

It had a sign out front in bold lettering that read: Inspot, for all your internet needs! , and you could see through the double window front outside that it was a neat little place, all warm brown woods and carpeted floors, with two rows of pay-to-use monitors, a little library near the back, and a couple of couches and reading tables propped against the farthest wall inside.

There was a counter and seating area for people looking for coffee and snacks off to the left as well, but I didn't care about that - it was the other half that was exactly what I needed.

The glass door jingled as I quickly stepped into the place. It was mostly empty, but the attendant at the counter was still startled as I speed-walked over and pressed my hands against it - whether that was because there was something on my face or because I was a teenager with a geniune bow and quiver strapped to my back was anyone's guess at that point.

"I'd like to use your phone and a monitor, please."

The Greek flowed off my tongue easily enough, and I think I almost managed a polite smile.

She still gave me an uncertain look over the rim of her glasses.

"It'll cost-"

I slapped down a wad of bills from the backpack before she'd even finished talking.

She paused.

"Is that enough?"

"Yes." But then she shook her head. Why-?" Your dog will have to stay outside. No pets allowed."

Ah. Right.

"That's fine. He can wait by the door."

He jolted by my feet and gave me a look of complete betrayal, but I rounded on him with a stony glare before he could start barking.

"This won't take long." I hissed to him under my breath. "Wait by the freaking door and I'll be out in a minute!"

The attendant cleared her throat as I looked up.

"Will he be alright?"

I waved her off.

"Totally fine." Wimp or not, he was still a hellhound. If he was determined to stick around then a few minutes by a door wouldn't kill him. "Now about that phone..."

She shrugged, and in short order I was holding a bog-standard cellphone in my hand and punching in my uncle's personal number like my life depended on it.

And the thing that sucked, though?

As I dialled in the last digit of his number, I honestly fooled myself into thinking that it would ring a couple of times, he'd pick up, I'd make sure everyone was fine and that they knew I was alive and rolling with the punches - probably while putting in the effort not to do something mortally embarrassing like tearing up - and we'd go from there.

I really thought that was it.

But that wasn't how it played out - Instead, I filled out the number, brought the phone to my ear with bated breath, and then I heard a loud, irritating beep and the automatic message that followed.

The number you have dialled is not in service.

I froze.

Not in service? What?

Confused, I tried to redial.

The number you have dialled is not in service.

I checked the number over and did it again.

The number you have dialled is not in service.

I tried a fourth time.

The number you have dialled-

I cleared over the slot and punched in the number all over again, making sure to get every last digit right. I triple-checked it three times before hitting the button.

Same difference.

The number you have dialled is not in service.

A little freaked now, I tried my Aunt Sarah's number instead.

The number you have dialled-

Then our landline.

The number-

I even tried the neighbour's landline which I knew only for emergencies.

The number-

"What the hell?"

I stared at the phone in my hand like it was the root of all evil, thoroughly spooked now. Even my breathing was starting to dip into an uneven pattern.

In a sudden panic I could barely describe, I half-stumbled, half-bolted over to the nearest monitor and tried to log onto my MySpace account. Maybe if I could leave a message to some of my friends-

I couldn't even finish forming the thought before my username and password were rejected.

"!"

I bit the inside of my mouth to stop from yelling out and nearly put my fist through the monitor screen before I managed to get a hold of myself.

Then I tried again.

And again.

And again.

I got a blaring rejection every time - it was as if my account had been deleted in the three days since I'd used it last.

"What. The. Hell?"

Was this some kind of divine bullshit? It had to be, right?

Right?

As a last-ditch resort, I looked up the Maple's Gazette - our town's community newspaper. It wasn't anything impressive, but the owner had a webpage built for it that he liked to update, and

I mean, our car had ended up through our house, and even if the Mist was working overtime to hide the truth behind what happened, there's no way some version of a story like that wouldn't be noticed and spread like wildfire-

Then the results loaded up, and I stopped breathing.

There was nothing.

Nothing.

Not just about the story, but also the town.

My home.

The closest I got to the Maple's Gazette was the name of some random other newspaper based out of Maple Town in Douglas County, Wisconsin.

Maple, Upstate New York, the town I'd liven in for years, wasn't up there on the list of results.

It didn't show up - not even when I reworded my search three different times, each more frantic than the last.

It was as if the whole place had vanished - or never even existed at all.

Just gone.

By the time I stopped typing and pulled back my trembling hands from the keyboard, I'd nearly ripped out half a dozen letters. There was an odd ringing in my ears that may or may not have been real.

In the end, I guess it didn't matter.

Gone.

Something was terribly, terribly wrong.

...​

An hour or so of failing attempts and confused denial later, I was all out of options. When everything was said and done, I ended my morning the same way I started it.

Slumped on a bench out on the edge of this open tourist square I'd manage to stumble on in a daze, feeling desperately unmoored as my head filled with questions and questions and questions I couldn't even begin to sort out, let alone answer.

At some point, my new dog had scrambled up onto the bench beside me and tucked his head onto my lap with a huff.

Maybe it was his way of trying to make me feel better.

Or maybe he just wanted attention.

I ended up scratching under his jaw numbly, and he rumbled in delight - not that I could enjoy it. Instead, I took a deep breath after a while, and closed my eyes as I bit the bullet and began to pray.

Literally.

Dad, what gives?

It was about as politely worded as I could put it.

Maybe I should have been more formal, and called him 'father' or 'Lord Apollo' or something, but I'd already started.

In for a penny, in for a pound.

If this is some kind of test, I thought, and swallowed in an effort to keep down against the sick feeling welling up in my stomach, I'd really appreciate a clue. A hint. Anything at all.

I didn't get an answer - not that I truly expected onw.

I didn't even know if he was listening.

I was trying just for the sake of it at this point.

At least tell me if my family made it out okay.

...

Nothing.

I almost started cursing his name, consequences be damned.

Then a shadow fell over me.

I looked up just as the centaur raised a hand in a calm greeting.

"Hello there."

...

Did that sound surreal and ridiculous to you too?

Because it was.

It really, really was.

I couldn't even make a face as the - again - literal centaur stared down at me, his human half towering above on account of his horse-like lower body, a relatively enormous trunk of muscle and sinew under course white fur, hoofs gleaming with reflected light.

His upper half was more ordinary, dressed in a muted but oddly comfortable-looking brown suit that matched with the hair falling past his ears and his beard, and as I met his eyes, I saw that they were vibrant but... old.

I couldn't tell you why that was the first word that popped into my head, but it fit.

His eyes were old - The kind of you could look into and immediately makes you realize that the person in front of you was positively ancient.

Nearly a solid minute passed without either of us saying anything.

For my part, I was still stuck on the half-horse thing as I took him in.

After all, knowing centaurs exist was one thing. Actually seeing it with my own eyes was another - and I had a hellhound that had gone utterly still lying in my lap, so that's saying something.

"Good morning, young man." His smile was politely warm. "You seem to be having a rough day."

...Oh my god, this is my life now, isn't it?

"...Who the heck are you?"

I probably sounded as completely done to him as I did to my own ears, but his smile didn't waver.

You might find it strange that I wasn't... I don't know, freaking out and going for my bow or something - not all centaurs were benevolent or good, after all - but I held off on that.

Maybe it was my demigod instincts or something else, but I could tell that wouldn't have been a good idea.

His presence wasn't threatening or intimidating as the other monsters had been. He didn't set me on edge, and even though I was wary, I didn't feel in danger from him.

... Also, he felt strong.

That's the best way I could put it - just standing in his general vicinity had me feeling this muted but nearly overwhelming impression of quiet power that clashed with the harmless look on his face - like he was someone or something several orders of magnitude above me even if he was playing nice for now.

It was... something to behold and probably why the dog was as still and stiff as a marble statue, not quite daring to breathe.

...

That, or it might have just been shock.

The man was literally half horse.

"Who are you?" I repeated after a beat, a little more firm this time.

"Ah, introductions of course." He raised a hand and pressed it against his chest. "I am Chiron."

"..."

"..."

"..."

"..."

"...No you're not."

...Yeah, I know. I'm an idiot, but come on.

After everything I've been through in the last twelve to twenty-four hours, I've earned a little slack.

"I assure you I am."

I almost flushed as he raised an eyebrow and gave me a bemused look.

And he sounded completely serious about it too.

I couldn't even even call him out on the lie because I didn't think he was lying.

"Why aren't you at Camp Half-Blood?

He frowned

"Where?"

... I could tell this conversation was going to go somewhere screwy and I already hated it.

"The place where you train heroes? Demigods? Isn't that..." I hesitated. "Isn't that your whole thing?"

"I have not heard of it" His frown deepened as my jaw dropped. "And I have not properly trained a hero in centuries, young man. Demigod or otherwise."

What?

No, really, what?

"Are you alright?"

"I-"

I wish that the conversation had ended there.

A break, even a five-minute time out, would have given me the time I needed to wipe the bug-eyed look off my face and get my feet back under me.

I wasn't even questioning how a literal centaur could stand in a crowd full of ordinary people and not draw attention, Mist or no, still stuck on the fact that I was in Athens, Chiron was in Athens, and he'd never heard of Camp Half-Blood.

That should have been enough for one day, right?

But of course, the world wouldn't even let me have that.

"There you are!"

I jumped as someone yelled out from across the square and began to sprint towards us - a guy in a jogging suit who couldn't have been more than a year older than me with dark hair and an intensely determined look in his eyes as he caught sight of Chiron - apparently - and came charging right over.

This time, I did twitch for my bow, but the stranger didn't even seem to register the threat as he skidded to a halt in front of Chiron and pointed at him with a victorious smile.

"Got you!"

"I'll admit, you are remarkably persistent." Chiron sighed, sounding noticeably tired as he raised a hand to pinch the bridge of his nose. "How did you manage to find me this time?"

"You kept tricking my bats into flying the wrong way whenever they spotted you." The guy's grin only got wider. "So when they told me where you were going, I just ran in the opposite direction!"

"... dogged hard-headedness and luck, then." Chiron mused. "And arguably a dash of creativity."

"Thanks!"

"Your request is still denied, young devil."

Young devil?

Was that some kind of insult?

A nickname?

"I will not be taking you on as a student." Chiron continued, in a tone of long-suffering patience. "As I've told you before, I have too many conflicting priorities."

"Then I'll just keep trying until you change your mind!" His smile didn't waver as his voice boomed - and then he finally seemed to register my existence, because his eyes snapped over to me.

They were almost bright violet.

"Hello!" He stuck a hand out at me so fast I nearly leaped back out of my seat on reflex before forcing myself to hold still. "Are you here to train with Chiron too?"

"...Not right now?"

It was an automatic response - I didn't even know what was happening anymore.

Which was an achievement, considering I'd already been lost before whatever this was had started.

"So you might, then?"

The other guy was undeterred, and I turned back to Chiron - for help, maybe.

The centaur just gave me another bemused smile.

Real helpful, dude.

"Possibly?"

"That's good!" He nodded as I finally took his hand, shaking vigorously with a strong grip. "It's nice to meet you! Call me Sairaorg!"

"Daniel." I offered, before blinking. "Wait, what was that?"

"My name. It's Sairaorg" He gave me another bright smile. "Sairaorg Bael."

That was...

Sairaorg Bael

Why was that name familiar?

I don't remember ever hearing-

...

...

...


Wait.

Sairaorg Bael

...

...

...

...

...

...

No

no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no-

NO

I was just out of it and letting my thoughts spiral into the realm of insanity.

This is not a thing.

...

...

....

Sairoarg Bael.

Chiron had called him a young devil.

...

...

...

HOW IS THIS A THING!?

I tried to cut it off at the roots, but denying the idea that was rapidly crystallising in my head was about as useful as trying to push back the tide with my hands.

I woke up in another country, all of my numbers and accounts not registering, my hometown seemingly not even existing at all.

A Chiron who wasn't where he was supposed to be, and a devil who shouldn't exist.

Not in this world.

This one, at least - but there others, weren't there?

I grabbed my head with a low keening noise as the memory of fractal, overlapping shards of light slipped back into it with all the grace of a knife being stabbed into my frontal lobe, along with the accompanying burst of instinctual, almost reflexive realisation, and all the pieces began to click in place.

Sairaorg- frigging -Bael!

At that point, I felt that I could be completely forgiven for leaping to my feet in sudden fury before the surprised centaur and the devil next to him and beginning to swear at the top of my voice.

"Motherf-!"

And things just sort of kicked off from there.

...​

When you realize that Daniel is not just a teenager again, but a teenager cursed to live in the era before YouTube and the internet culture that followed:


View: https://imgur.com/PZol4ue​


As always, leave your comments and ideas and if you don't like it, please be courteous.
Last edited: Feb 28, 2025
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Darkplayer35, Sevik and 1,480 others
Firewillreign
Feb 22, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks I Start At Level Zero.
View content
Firewillreign
Firewillreign
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 26, 2023
Messages888
Likes received82,880
Feb 26, 2025
Add bookmark
#110
That night, I had a vivid dream.

I was in a motel room—a small but warmly lit place with red carpeting, a pair of single beds against one wall, a double window to another end, and a TV against the opposite wall beside a small coffee table and a couple of chairs.

Nothing to write home about, but it looked decent enough.

That wasn't what had the part of me that wasn't distantly aware I was dreaming seizing in shock - it was my family.

Katie and Alex were sharing one of the beds, curled up together like they were huddling for warmth.

My aunt, though, was sitting over at the table and crying her eyes out into her palms, while my uncle wrapped a hand around her and tried to comfort her.

"We left him." She was sobbing as her shoulders heaved, and my breath hitched. "We just left him there!"

They were talking about me.

"He'll be alright." The words were supposed to be confident and soothing, but my uncle sounded haggard, and far too quiet, like he was desperately trying to believe them himself. "He's a demigod, and he's a good, strong kid. He'll pull through."

I did, I wanted to say, I'm fine!

It might have been by the very skin of my teeth, but I'd survived.

But neither of them heard me.

I tried to call to both of them again and again, but each word that fell out of my mouth was utterly silent - not even the ghost of a whisper.

So I tried to reach out for them instead, even though a part of me knew it was useless.

I couldn't - My feet refused to move, like they were buried in cement. I gritted my teeth and tried to push forward anyway, but with each step I took, it felt like I was being forced down by the weight of the entire world.

Even the space between us seemed to stretch the closer I got, like a rubber band being pulled on each end to keep us apart.

But I still almost made it.

I was only a few feet away from them when I threw my hands out, desperately trying to grab onto one of them.

Look at me! I'm right here!

Neither of them noticed. My fingertips only just managed to brush against the back of my uncle's chair, and suddenly they, my cousins, and everything else in the room exploded into mist and melted away.

At the same time, the pressure on me vanished, and I stumbled forward and nearly face-planted as my surroundings reformed into something different.

"My lord?"

I looked up, and my eyes went wide.

There was a man standing there who couldn't have been any older than his early twenties, dressed in jeans, a shirt and a white jacket with gold accents. He was tall, with skin that sported a mild, healthy tan from spending time in the sun, and his sandy-blonde hair fell just past his ears.

He looked so much like me I almost couldn't believe it.

"Where is he?"

Then he turned to stare at something over my shoulder, a pulsing golden glow wafting off of him and thrumming deep in his eyes, and suddenly the resemblance wasn't nearly as uncanny.

"My lord?"

Somebody behind me spoke again - a servant, or an attendant or something, I didn't know which - but I didn't turn around to see.

I couldn't look away from the god in front of me as his expression screwed up in frustration and real, dangerous anger, the light from him reflecting back off the golden walls of the room he was standing in until all of his surroundings seemed to shimmer and beat like they were alive.

"He was right there. I was reaching out to put him back together, and then something happened. He slipped out of my grasp, and now I cannot see him." His voice echoed, like a dozen people were speaking at once, and all of them were absolutely furious. "Where is he?"

His eyes ignited with power and radiance, and the room trembled.

"̴̗͆Ẃ̷͖h̵̫̿ẹ̸̆r̷̢͘e̸̠̎ ̶͙͗i̸̹͛s̴̗̀ ̷̙̃m̴̢̈́y̷͈͊ ̴̲͐ṡ̴̗ǫ̷̏n̵̗̎!?̵̬̍"̵͔́

The next wave of power slammed into me like a freight train and knocked me back as everything was blown to pieces around me-

...​

-And then I was shooting up in bed with a sharp inhale, back in the land of the living.

Holy crap.

My heart hammered in my chest.

That was...

...

I swallowed.

Look, I'd had bad dreams before.

Me and a couple of friends once ran a horror movie marathon all night at a sleepover two summers ago, and I spent a week and a half afterwards seeing corny demons and goofy killer clowns jumping out at me every time I closed my eyes at night - and then my aunt found out, so I got grounded on top of that.

Talk about insult to injury, right?

But what I just saw wasn't anything like that - it had been different, and real.

And I knew why.

Demigod dreams.

I knew what those were, in theory - Random flashes of insight, bits and pieces of context and ominous warnings that could be vaguely helpful, arguably useful and were just about always messy and complicated.

Almost a monkey's paw in their own right or close to it if they got bad.

That was the first one I'd ever had - or at least the only one I could ever remember having myself.

Naturally, it sucked.

With a sigh, I started rubbing my face tiredly.

On second thought, it wasn't as terrible as it could have been.

At least I knew now that the others had made it out ok, right?

Sure, they looked about as miserable as I felt, but they were safe.

That should count for something, and in my mind, it did - Maybe not what I'd hoped for, but I'd take what I could get.

And then there was... Apollo.

Dear old dad, the god who looked so much like me until he didn't.

That was who that had been, at the end. I knew that with the same certainty that I knew the sky was blue or that water was wet.

I mulled it over for a second before shaking my head.

Nope.

Not diving into that anytime soon.

Not when I still didn't even know how I'd dreamt and saw any of it at all, given that I wasn't even sharing a world with any of them presently.

And yeah, I was past my denial phase on that one.

It would have taken some real Olympic-tier mental gymnastics not to be at this point, given where I was right now.

See, after I admittedly lost it and went off like a lunatic in the middle of a public area, Chiron had stepped in.

The centaur had been nice enough to patiently wait out the good ten to fifteen minutes it had taken for me to finally run out of steam and stagger back onto the nearest bench, red-faced and out of breath and absolutely losing my mind, and then he offered me a hand.

"I'm not one to turn away a lost traveler, even in this day and age." His smile was kind as he spoke, and genuine in a way that was hard to describe. "You are welcome beneath my roof if you need it, young man."

"..."

I took that in slowly, staring at his outstretched hand blankly.

Now, kids, this is important - if an older stranger you've only known for all of fifteen minutes tops suddenly asks you to come home with them, that would usually be a good sign that you need to run away very far, very quickly.

Possibly after kicking them somewhere they'd really feel it, if you can get away with it.

If things had been even a little different, I'd have never taken him up on that offer.

Only, in this case:

a) I didn't have anywhere else to go.

B) Again, there was this air of trustworthiness to him that I couldn't quite put into words. I could tell he meant no harm - and he absolutely could harm me if he wanted to, I had zero doubts on that end after spending the little time in his presence I did.

C) Going by the looks I was getting, I was pretty sure that somebody would call the cops on me If I wandered off alone.

Whatever magic or power that Chiron had been using to walk around the city without drawing attention to himself didn't do anything to hide me from the square full of people we'd been standing in, and I'd been going off the rails and spitting out words that would have probably given my eight-grade English teacher a stroke if she'd been around to hear them.

Seriously, I'm pretty sure I invented at least twelve new curses in English and Greek by the time I was done ranting, and everyone around was staring at me funny.

One little kid had actually started crying, and his mom shot me a nasty glare before hurrying off to shush him.

Honestly, I felt a little bad about that one, but right then I could barely register it, still staring at nothing at all and trying to filter through the white noise drowning out the sound of my own thoughts right at the source.

Turns out that compounding existential crises isn't good for your processing capacity - who knew? - and the fact that Sairoarg Bael was still just standing there to Chiron's left looking awkward and increasingly uncomfortable was just making it harder to screw my head back on properly.

You get the idea.

Eventually I managed to reach out and take Chiron's hand and let him help pull me to my feet, and I even offered something that might've generously been called a thankful nod, despite the fact that it was so slow and mechanical you could have almost heard the imaginary hinges in my neck creaking from the careful force of it.

"Wonderful."

The rest was pretty straightforward.

We wasted no time and ended up spending the better part of half an hour trekking our way back through the city in the direction of the Acropolis, before slipping out off the crowded streets and into an area that felt distinctly more... exclusive than the rest.

Chiron's home ended up being this sprawling, private estate dominated by a massive mansion built around an open courtyard, with engraved marble pillars and supports everywhere and all kinds of murals and artistic touches I couldn't properly appreciate if I tried.

The place looked like half of it had been pulled straight from ancient Greece and polished up until every other part glinted in the sun, and the sprawling greenery and curated gardens surrounding it just made it seem even more than it already was.

There was also something in the air that I could vaguely... sense? Feel?

Something like that.

Magic.

I wasn't sure how, but I could tell that it was there. Not uncomfortable or anything - just present.

I didn't ask, even though a part of me really wanted to. I didn't even take the tour that was offered.

Chiron directed me to a room up the nearest flight of stairs - sparse but spacious, with just a bed and a desk near a window that opened up to a view of the other face of the Acropolis far in the distance - and I didn't hesitate before I was marching into it and locking the door behind me.

I couldn't put up with any more eyes on me, even if it was the person who was helping me out, and I slumped against the door and staggered onto the floor the second I shut it, suddenly exhausted like no one would believe.

This is really happening.

I couldn't tell you how long I stayed like that, but at some point I decided to flop down onto the bed, and before I knew it I was out like a light.

The stress had done me in - And now here I was.

Waking up in a different world for the second time in as many days.

A place where the supernatural was even more dangerous than it was back home, and one of the few things I knew for sure was that everything was set to go to hell in a handbasket - somewhat literally - at some point down the line after some other random kid halfway around the world whose goals, dreams, and general IQ score were probably all just the word 'boobs' in big bold letters gets killed, resurrected, and gets a magic dragon gauntlet of obscene power out of it for his troubles.

And that was just for starters - the opening act, even.

I almost snorted, but it wasn't because it sounded funny.

Actually, it sounded stupid - the kind of stupid so hardcore it'd make you wish it had a face so you could smack it - but it was reality for me now.

A reality I couldn't get away from, because I didn't know how I'd gotten into it in the first place and I didn't have a clue how I was possibly getting home-

"Arf!"

A low, familiar bark distracted me from that spiral before I could decide whether I wanted to laugh incredulously or get up and start smacking my head against the wall until things made sense again - or at least pretended to - and I turned to find the source of it.

It was dark out, with the moonlight shining over the Acropolis and the fields I could see from my angle on the bed and spilling into the room through the open window, but it didn't reach the shadows pooling against the farthest corner to my right.

I stared into them, and a pair of glowing red eyes stared back.

I'll admit, I made an embarrassing sound and nearly jumped out of my skin for about half a second before I remembered who they belonged to.

"Dude." I tried to glare, but it was halfhearted at best. "Don't do that."

Another bark, and those eyes seemed to blink innocently.

Who, me?

"You know what you did."

Instead of arguing against that heinous accusation, my new hellhound came padding out of the darkness before leaping up onto the bed and dropping his head into my lap, huffing pointedly.

"I can't believe I almost forgot you were here," I muttered, scooting back up a little to make room before I started running my hands through his fur. "Guess you're in it for the long haul too, huh?"

It's not like he could go home anymore than I could, wherever that was for him, and from the satisfied rumble I got, he didn't much mind that - And honestly?

I didn't either.

"Well, if you're going to be sticking around, you're going to need a name."

He perked up in surprise.

"Yeah, I can't keep calling you dog or hellhound in my head. You need something better." I stared at him for a second before cracking a grin. "How about..."

His tail started wagging in excitement.

"...Wimp?"

I swear, the betrayed look on his face was priceless. I had to duck down to muffle my snorts into the blanket or I'd have woken up the entire house.

"Relax, I'm just kidding." I had to raise my hands in self defense when he started bumping his snout against my chest like he was trying to knock some sense into me. "Besides, it does fit. Your friends were much more impressive when they were trying to eat me."

At that, he actually growled in irritation -he'd liked those two about as much as I had- and redoubled his little attacks.

"I'm serious! The two of them were fearsome beasts of the Underworld that had me fearing for my life, and then there was you - the cute little puppy shaking in the wind." I could barely keep a straight face as he tried to push me over - this dog was going to be fun, I could just tell. "I won't judge, but you gotta admit that was some real cowardly-"

I froze as a lightbulb abruptly went off in my head.

There was this Saturday morning cartoon I was into a couple of years ago - this whacky Tom and Jerry-esque show about this total scaredy cat of a dog who probably flinched at his own shadow and kept getting into crazy slap-stick shenanigans when his owners weren't looking.

It was a fun pastime - then I made the mistake of letting Katie watch one of the scarier episodes with me this one time, and she wouldn't stop bawling for an hour. I got an earful and a half for that one and I was banned from watching it when the girls were in the room, and then I forgot about all about it after a while.

But I still remembered the little dog's name just fine.

"Courage," I said, and my dog finally quit trying to thump me in favor of blinking up in surprise. "Courage the cowardly dog - or maybe Courage the terrifying hellhound for you instead."

He seemed to think about that for a second, head-titled to the side and tail wagging slowly.

I smiled.

"Sounds good, doesn't it?

"Arf!"

The next thing I knew, I was getting an armful of over-enthusiastic dog, complete with slobber and everything, so I guess that was a yes.

...​

After tossing and turning a little more, I got out of bed.

It was still dark out, but I couldn't get back to sleep.

It was too quiet, and my head was too loud.

"Let's get some air," I told the newly minted Courage as I unlocked the door and crept down the flight of stairs.

The house was eerily unfamiliar as we made our way across it, and
I noticed that Chiron must have had something against internal decoration, because everything along the hallways we took was about as lowkey as you could get, with the walls bare and the furniture surprisingly simple and understated for a place that seemed so... stately from the outside.

Still, not my problem.

Neither of us knew our way around the place, but we managed to follow the whistle of the wind and the cool breeze that carried hints of grass and soil from the gardens toward the open courtyard I'd seen before just fine.

It was only a change of pact that I was after, but I'd barely stepped out under the moonlight before I was getting more than what I'd bargained for.

"Having trouble sleeping?

Now, I did not scream, and anyone who tells you otherwise is a lying liar who lies, but I did leap aside and almost hissed out something inordinately nasty before I got a hold of myself and realized who was talking.

Chiron

"I just wanted some air," I repeated, and he smiled agreeably. His suit looked exactly the same - like he hadn't changed it since the morning.

"It is a pleasant night." He titled his head to the stone bench beside him, a clear invitation. "And fortuitous. I think we're both well aware that a conversation is due."

...

Right.

I guess we were doing this now.

"Alright." I nodded and stepped up towards the bench, taking the offered spot. Courage trailed behind me and parked himself at my feet loyally, even though I could tell he was just as wary of Chiron as he'd been before.

"Would you like some tea? I have a mountain blend that is simply delightful, and some sweet pastries I've been saving for the right time."

"Not... right now. But thanks."

I hope that came across firmer than it sounded to me. As soon as he pointed it out, I realized that I was starving - I hadn't eaten anything since yesterday afternoon before basketball practice, but I was too nervous for food now.

"It's not a problem." He said, before giving me a careful look. "I think it would be for the best if we speak plainly, yes?"

"Sure?"

That was the entire point of this.

"Good. So tell me, then: How does a young demigod such as yourself end up on the streets of Athens, wounded and half-dead with only an insensate hellhound pup for company?"

I tried to keep a straight face, really I did, but I was still flinching before he'd even finished speaking - and then I actually registered what he said, and my jaw dropped.

"You know about that?

"Surely you didn't think you healed yourself of the state you were in?"

But...

What?

No, seriously, what?

"We woke up alone."

I didn't question how he knew I was a demigod - not yet.

"As intended," Chiron said, and I continued to stare at him in disbelief. "You were in a rather pitiable state, and after your wounds were treated, I placed you in the garden you awoke in along with your companion-"

"Courage." I corrected him entirely on reflex, eyes wide-

"-Courage." He accepted easily. "I took steps to ensure you would not be disturbed until you came to naturally, and I left you with a small gift as well."

The backpack with the money - one mystery solved and cashed in for about seven thousand more.

"I also made sure to keep an eye on you as you made your way through the city."

"Keep an-" The meaning hit me like a truck. "You were watching me?"

The whole time, when I was stumbling around the city and expecting monsters to leap out at me any second?

"Yes."

He didn't deny it, and he spoke with the same ease as ever.

"Why?"

I wasn't even angry - just stunned.

Why do any of this?

"I wanted to make sure you didn't run into or cause trouble yourself."

"That doesn't even make-"

"Please, let me explain" He raised a hand to cut me off, before lightly clasping both of them against his chest. "I did not know who you were, young man - merely what you were, and not what kind of person you might turn out to be - and believe it or not, this is far from the first time I've stumbled upon some manner of an injured child or the like, only to later discover that some other party attempted to manipulate, extort or in some shape or way inconvenience me through whatever scheme it is they've concocted.."

His smile was rueful and tired.

"There's always someone who wants something of me, for one reason or another, and I've learned that it's best not to take unnecessary risks. I let you get your bearings at your own pace, and I observed simply to assuage my concerns."

That... made sense?

I still wasn't sure what to feel about this, still stuck in some kind of consistent whiplash between incredulous and angry that ended up keeping me right in between the two.

Confused as all hell.

"If you were so suspicious of me, why let me into your home?"

"I told you I assuaged my concerns, didn't I?" Chiron sounded no less patient than before. "I looked for a problem, and I did not find one - only a young man in need. Besides, I doubt that Lord Apollon-"

I went ramrod straight in half a second flat.

Apollon. Apollo.

Same difference, except not even close.

"-would have been happy to hear that I let a child of his so young wander the streets when he very clearly had nowhere else to go."

"...You know about that too."

"That you are a child of the Sun God?" He frowned. "I have trained more than my fair share of your siblings over the millennia, and the similarities in the divine power you all inherit from your father are quite distinctive. Quite easy to spot with familiarity."

"..."

"You also share a common look with a great many of them." The centaur added, before his frown eased into something lightly amused again. "And I'll admit, the bow and quiver stocked with celestial bronze-tipped arrows were also a bit of a giveaway."

"..."

"...Are you alright, young-"

"Daniel." I cut him off stiffly. "Daniel Winchester. I'm sleeping in your house, you can use my name."

"Daniel, then."

He sounded warmly pleased.

I wasn't, because he was right, but also hilariously wrong... only I didn't feel like laughing, and I sure as anything couldn't and wouldn't be correcting him anytime soon.

So I just need to figure out how to-

"Does your father know where you are?"

"..."

...someone up there hates me, don't they?

"Perhaps I should reach out-"

"No," I said, thinking so fast my tongue was moving before I was even aware of the words. "Don't do that."

Drawing my alternate dad's attention sounded like such a terrible idea on so many levels I could spend a day going through them all and still have plenty left over for the next week.

Chiron was already looking at me expectantly, so I kept going.

"I've never even met him - he's a stranger to me."

His eyes narrowed, not quite in suspicion, but too heavy to just be thought.

"That's unusual."

He didn't believe me - or he doubted, at least.

"It's true." I insisted, praying to no one in particular that he would listen to me. "I've never met him before - Heck, I didn't know he was my dad until yesterday."

Chiron's brows rose to his hairline, but I was on a roll now.

"And I've never been to Athens, either. I lived with my family in the States my whole life - and then a few monsters attacked last night." I didn't say which, though. "I managed to kill them, but I got hurt really bad and blacked out, and the next thing I knew I was waking up on that bench."

The best part was that none of it was a lie.

Oh, it was so vague it practically bordered on one, and it definitely was by omission, but no one was counting right now.

And it was everything Chiron was getting out me anyway.

"I... see."

He didn't, I could tell that much even as he raised a hand to stroke his chin in consideration. "And your family?"

I...

Right in the gut, huh?

I swallowed.

"They're gone."

I didn't have to fake the emotion in that one, and Chiron's face softened a little.

"I'm sorry."

I just shook off the apology, because it made me feel like a lying scumbag.

"Just don't bring up my... father again, please." Wincing at the word probably didn't help my case any, but I couldn't stop myself. "I want nothing to do with him."

The last thing I needed now was for some other god I knew virtually nothing about to take offense at me for 'pretending' to be his son or something along those lines and blasting me into smithereens for the insult.

"Very well."

...

"... What?"

"I agree." Chiron shrugged, like the blasé attitude wasn't all kinds of ridiculous coming from him. "I won't make Lord Apollon aware of your presence, and you may stay here for as long as you need."

"J-" My tongue nearly tied itself into knots as I went to speak, because how exactly had that worked? "Just like that?"

What was the catch?

Because there's no way there wasn't one.

The look he fixed me with was perfectly level, and it still had me wanting to back up on reflex alone because it felt as if he knew exactly what I was thinking.

"We both know there's much, much more to the story that you haven't told me."

Crap.

"But answer me this: are you an enemy of mine?"

"What? No!"

"Did you plan or anticipate us crossing paths in any way? Are you going to find ways to take advantage of my generosity?"

"No," I repeated, more firmly this time. "I told you, I'm still new to this mess."

In more ways than one.

"Then I won't ask for more now." Chiron shook his head, looking satisfied and either not seeing or at least pretending not to see the look on my face this time. "There'll be time enough for that later, if or when you're willing to share. In the meantime, we might as well greet my other temporary guest."

...What?

Before I could ask, a familiar voice beat me to it.

"I wasn't spying, I promise."

My eye twitched.

Seriously?

I glanced back as Sairaorg stepped out from behind one of the pillars on the edge, a sheepish look on his face.

Come to think of it, he had been invited back here with me and Courage, hadn't he?

"Oh, I know you weren't - I heard you coming." Chiron didn't look put out at all by his presence. "Have you had trouble sleeping as well, young devil?"

"No. Well, kind of." The literal devil grinned excitedly. "I was just excited!"

"For?"

"I want to train with you!"

For the first time since our conversation began, Chiron sighed.

"You're not going to give up, are you?"

"Not a chance!"

"Why?"

Sairaorg blinked.

"What?"

"Why do you want to train with me?"

There was a shift in the air as Chiron looked him over, a rising tension so abrupt even I felt it. Courage let out a low whine and nudged my leg in something that might've been warning.

Sairaorg's persistent smile finally dimmed, and he visibly hesitated.

"Well?" Chiron's tone was expectant in the same way a stern teacher's was - not loud, but you couldn't ignore it if you tried.

"I have a few reasons," Sairaorg said at last, his face cycling through a whole reel of emotions, before settling on something determined "But the first one is important, and the one that I've held onto the longest."

"And that is?"

"I need to be strong."

It would have sounded shallow and uninspired if anyone else had said it, but the way Sairoarg spoke that one word was something all on its own.

For a moment, Chiron looked unmoved.

"Why?"

"Because I was born weak, and I was told I was worthless because of it." The devil admitted with an easy shrug "I refuse to accept that, so I'm going to grow as strong as I can get, and then some."

"To get revenge?"

"No." Sairaorg didn't even hesitate, fists clenching at his sides pointedly "To prove that I can, and that anyone else can too."

...

"... Interesting." Chiron mused out loud, and the tension lifted.

I got the sense that he'd passed some kind of test.

And then I forgot all about that as Chiron turned back to me.

"What about you?"

"... What?"

"If I offered to train you as I did the heroes of ages past, would you accept?" He seemed to tower over me as he spoke, and my throat suddenly felt drier than that. "And why?"

Would I-

....

"Yes."

I didn't know if he expected me to hesitate, or take some time to think about it or something, but I didn't.

The question he just asked me was the one thing that came my way in the past twenty-four hours that I didn't need to overthink a thousand times over before saying a word.

He nodded, like he'd expected that out of me.

"And why?"

"Because I nearly died," I answered as honestly as he expected me to. I didn't even have to think about it. "And it sucked harder than anything in my life ever has, and I never want to feel that way again If I can help it."

Even ignoring how I wanted to figure out a way back home, and how I also wanted to get strong enough to look after the others, I needed to get strong enough that I'd never have to beg for anyone to step in and save me while I lay in a pool of my own blood.

God or otherwise.

I gritted my teeth just thinking about it.

And Chiron didn't miss a single detail as he glanced over me, then to Sairaorg and back again.

Then he sighed, one last time.

"Every time I put my foot down." The trainer of heroes snorted under his breath. "Every time... come along then."

Confused, me and Sairaorg exchanged a look before we glanced back to see him already trotting away across the courtyard.

"Where are we going?"

"To see what I'm working with, of course."

...​

A few hours later, the sun began to rise in the distance.

When it did, the sunlight lit up the clearing the four of us were in with rosy gold hues, and even the grass seemed to glow with a healthy luster.

I stood on end on my own, bow in hand and quiver slung over my shoulder, while Sairoarg stood across from me and started stretching his arms.

Chiron was far off to the right, with Courage sitting up next to him and huffing impatiently as the second ticked by.

"So just to be clear," I asked out loud, still reeling from how fast everything was happening. It was surreal. "You want to see us to fight?"

"I want to see what you two prospective students can do," Chiron said, crossing his arm across his chest. "And I haven't seen anything yet."

Well, that was pointed.

I turned back to Sairaorg, who looked like he was about ready to start bouncing in place out of sheer excitement, and began nocking an arrow.

"So this is wild, huh?" I tipped my head his way. "Nice meeting you, by the way."

We hadn't really talked. At all.

In hindsight, that might've been my fault.

"It is!" His energy was borderline infectious. "I'm looking forward to-"

My hands blurred as I raised the bow and fired at point-blank range. The arrow shot forward at speed, the celestial bronze tip glinting in the sun-

"Hah!"

And Sairoarg plucked it right out of the air.

Oh, he had to jump back half a step and a little to the left before snapping out his arm to grab at it, but he'd still caught an arrow and made it look effortless.

For a second, neither of us talked.

"...That wasn't fair."

"...In my defence, it worked on the cyclopes."

His expression brightened.

"You fought cyclopes?"

"Oh yeah, three of them. Dumb as bricks - oh, and a couple of hellhounds too."

"Really? Where-?"

I fired the second arrow I'd nocked it in the split, the drawing motion so quick and smooth you'd think I'd been training at it half my life and not less than two days - and Sairaorg still managed to surge out with his free hand.

For some reason, the absurdity of it struck a nerve.

"Stop catching my arrows!"

"You're the one shooting at me!"

"Because talking isn't a free action!"

"Good point!"

And then he lunged at me and I promptly regretted all my life choices up to now, because he charged forwards faster than the arrows he'd intercepted.

The first punch I managed to duck under, and his fist sailed over my head with a rush of displaced air that I could feel all the way down my spine. I tried to scramble back to put some distance between us, but he was relentless, driving forward and nearly taking my head off with a sudden kick that came out of nowhere - one minute his foot was on the ground, and the next the sole of his trainer was flashing past my eyes.

Then the third strike landed, a straight cross right to my chest, and the impact felt like the end of the world had come early.

"Got you!"

I didn't respond - mostly because I had no more air in my lungs as I went flying back some fifteen feet before tumbling down to the earth like a sack of potatoes.

"You aren't done, are you?" Sairaorg yelled, shuffling on his feat and jumping from side to side like a "Because ready or not, here I come!"

Despite the words, he was waiting until I staggered up to my feet before coming at me again.

Small mercies there.

I'd had no illusions about who was coming out on top here right from the beginning - I knew firsthand what kind of monster he'd be in a few years, but to think he was already this strong?

When he was around my age, maybe only a little older?

And this was probably barely a warm-up for him.

Or was it me who was just really weak?

That possibility made something bitter curl up in my stomach, even if I knew it was unreasonable.

And then I glanced up to a Chiron.

As our eyes met, the centaur raised a brow.

I could almost imagine his voice in my head, asking the question I knew was on the tip of his tongue.

Is that all?

The bitter feeling in my stomach suddenly transformed into something inordinately angry, and then it quickly grew into something more than even that, a pulling sensation that was hot and twisting and almost on the edge of painful as it spread through my chest and right up my throat.

Use it, some instinct me seemed to urge, and it sounded like the best idea I'd ever heard.

When I leaped up to my feet, it was just in time for Sairaorg to close in one me, and I screamed.

It was like a flash bang went off, only a hundred times worse - the sound that came out of my throat was an unholy screech that was a crime against eardrums everywhere, and it struck with physical force. I could see it disrupt the air and stagger Sairoarg, bringing him to his knees with a pained expression as his hands shot up to protect his ears.

And that was just the half of it.

The split-second burst of golden, fiery light was just as bad, blinding to look at and leaving the grass around us in a wide circle as nothing more than ash scattering in the wind.

The eruption of power only lasted for about five seconds, give or take a couple more, and it only managed to knock Sairoarg off his stride for just as long - but it was enough.

By the time he got up, I'd already released my third arrow, and it lanced out far faster than the ones before, wreathed in a faint golden glow that the devil in front of me couldn't dodge in time.

Not completely.

It disappeared over his shoulder and left behind a slice in his shirt and a graze maybe half a step above a paper cut, the kind that would sting a little at the absolute worst.

It was still something, though, and I felt a rush of achievement as I saw Sairaorg looking at it like he couldn't believe his eyes.

"You-?"

"What?"

I knew I wasn't going to beat him.

The burst of power I'd just used was already slipping away, and my brain was dropping out of the instinctive rush.

I didn't even know how to go about pulling something like that again.

Despite that, I still managed to crack a grin that probably looked a little too crazy for comfort as I stared back at him, because you know what?

If I was going to lose anyway, I was going to get at least a couple more hits in before I clocked out.

I was always competitive when I wanted to be.

"You aren't done, are you?'" I watched his shock melt right back into delight as I threw his words at him, and a grin that matched my tit for tat went right back up on his face "Because ready or not-"

"-here I come!" Sairoarg finished, and then we were going at it like total maniacs.

...​

Meanwhile, Chiron watched from a comfortable distance away, and exhaled wryly.

"I already have my work cut out for me, don't I?"

...


Daniel and Sairaorg before their spar:



View: https://imgur.com/XEwCL6n


Chiron before their spar:



View: https://imgur.com/vSzVRgY


Chiron after their spar:



View: https://imgur.com/EYF8xVR​


As always, leave your comments and ideas and if you don't like it, please be courteous.
Last edited: Feb 28, 2025
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Sevik, Doc Sithicus and 1,396 others
Firewillreign
Feb 26, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks I Don't Get A Training Montage, And That's A Problem.
View content
Firewillreign
Firewillreign
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 26, 2023
Messages888
Likes received82,880
Mar 4, 2025
Add bookmark
#164
So, I'm going to be honest.

I totally lost the fight - or I would have, if Chiron hadn't eventually called the spar to an end.

"That'll do - I've seen enough."

The words and the clap that followed came with a burst of strangely gentle power that washed over the field like tidal wave, non-threatening but so obvious you couldn't have possibly missed it, and Sairaorg and I broke apart before we even realized what was happening.

A part of me appreciated that.

We hadn't been going at it for too long, really, but my arms and legs had already begun to feel like lead weights, my head was ringing and I had the beginnings of a nasty shiner and what felt like an entire patchwork of blooming bruises running down the right side of my face and scattered across the rest of me too.

Even breathing hurt a little- my chest felt too tight for my lungs and every gulp of air I took felt a little too short for comfort.

Chiron may not have announced a winner, but I think we all knew how things would have gone if we'd kept going.

It wasn't surprising - Sairaorg was absurdly strong, I knew that going in.

He wasn't anywhere near the peak of what he could be, and he'd probably still be able to go up against nearly every 'ordinary' demigod I could think from back home off the top of my head just the way he was now and still have more than even odds of coming out on top.

But that didn't mean he'd come out unscathed, either.

When he stepped back, he was slightly favouring one leg on account of the nasty graze on his other's outer thigh, courtesy of the gold-tinted arrow he'd been too slow to dodge, and he was rubbing his side where another would have given him a terrible day if he hadn't angled out of the way and avoided being skewered in exchange for another glancing cut.

The worst hit, though, didn't even come from an arrow - it was the first-degree burn in the rough shape of my fist that trailed up his lower jaw and half his cheek like a bright angry red welt.

I couldn't even tell you how it happened - one second he was ten feet away and I'd had no arrow nocked, and the next he was right there and cocking back his fist with enough force to break my jaw, and I panicked.

It felt like punching a brick wall and my fingers were left numb and twitching from the impact, but the force of it still snapped his head back and staggered him out of his charge. The quicksilver burst of searing light that wreathed me as I struck did the rest, and while it barely broke his stride, you could tell that it hurt.

I also wouldn't be surprised if I hadn't given him some kind of temporary tinnitus with that unholy screech I'd let out - and like everything else, I hadn't even known I could do that.

For a second, we just stared at each other and caught our breath while Chiron came over.

Then Sairaorg nodded.

"You're tougher than I thought," He said, and his smile was bright and infectious despite the fact that the expression pulling at that burn had to sting like nobody's business. "It was a good spar."

Then he raised his fist at me, and I couldn't help but grin right back as I bumped my own against it.

"Heck yeah it was."

It wasn't a win, but it wasn't a failure either - not really.

And given how new I was at this, that was a point all of its own.

"Yes indeed." Chiron threw in his two cents as he stopped to tower over us, a pensive look on his face. Courage was hot on his heels, padding over quickly and giving me a happy nudge with his snout. "It was an interesting showcase."

"Yeah?" I stared up at the centaur expectantly. It was the moment of truth. "How'd we do, teach?"

"Well enough to demonstrate your strengths." He said, and then his gaze sharpened a little. "And also poorly enough that after the first few minutes in which I ascertained your capabilities, I started to entertain myself by making a list of all the ways a skilled opponent of similar potential could have killed either of you near-effortlessly. I lost count after the first two dozen."

I deflated, and going by his wince, Sairaorg's pride took that about as well as mine did.

"Still," Chiron said, and his tone gentled again as he held his arms out, palms splayed open "I have seen great warriors start from humbler beginnings, so I suppose we'll just have to put our backs into it."

The air over his hands seemed to shimmer, the light reflecting off of them oddly, and then a pair of metal flasks materialised into either grip between one blink and the next.

He handed one over to each of us, and I'll admit I stared a bit - casual magic was still new and trippy to me.

"Drink."

Sairaorg and I exchanged a look as we took them, and he shrugged first and began uncorking his. I took a sniff of my own, and there was something tangy to it - like lemonade, only it didn't taste like the stuff at all.

Instead, the first mouthful was sweet and earthy and mixed in with something warm that seemed to seep down my throat and all the way to my toes in no time flat.

The pounding in my head abruptly stopped, and I stood up straighter. My limbs felt stronger, and my breathing evened out in one sigh.

Even my vision seemed to sharpen, and I saw Sairaorg stiffen and raise a hand to gently trace his cuts and burns.

They were mending too, slowly but thoroughly.

"Woah." I even sounded different, fresh and raring to go. "This is-"

"An alchemical herbal remedy," Chiron answered. "Mixed in with a few drops of nectar."

Awesome.

"Though I wouldn't drink too much of it."

Oh, right. That was a thing with the food and drink of the gods, wasn't it?

"Cause we'd spontaneously combust, right?"

Chiron gave me an odd look.

"Of course not. Why would you assume that?"

Um.

"Stupid guess?" I offered lamely, and he seemed to accept that even if he kept looking at me funny. Sairaorg snickered under his breath, and I turned to glare at him half-heartedly.

Great.

Not five minutes in and I was already the class clown.

"It's a supplement," Chiron said. "It greatly bolsters healing up to a degree, but past a certain quantity it won't do anything besides give you a stomach ache. It's also mildly intoxicating in large amounts."

Intoxi-?

I blinked.

"...Is this magical booze?"

Chiron smiled again, amused, and then he snapped his fingers right after and both flasks disappeared straight out of our hands.

"...You know, that wasn't an answer."

The centaur's lips pulled up some more, and he gestured back to the house in the distance.

"You boys need to go get cleaned up. I'll put things straight here."

I winced when he pointed a the garden, because we'd made one heck of a mess out of it.

Half the grass I could see was ash after my first little light show when we'd kicked things off, the earth was pockmarked with shallow craters courtesy of Sairaorg stomping around like he was playing a demented game of whack-a-mole and winning, and there was even an enormous tree at the end of the field that had a whole chunk of its trunk carved out via ballistic fist and looked about five seconds away from toppling over.

"Sorry?" Sairaorg rubbed his head sheepishly, and Chiron chuckled.

"There's no need to apologize. This is nothing compared to what I expect of you in the future." He shooed us away absently. "Now off you trot."

"...Was that a horse pun?"

I swear, I only heard it after I said it. My brain-to-mouth filter was such an uncooperative jerk.

Sairaorg snorted, and then his eyes went a little wide when Chiron frowned.

"A what?"

Would centaurs find horse jokes offensive?

From the panicked look he gave me when I turned to him almost desperately, Sairaorg didn't know either.

"Well?"

"..." "..."
In that moment, Sairaorg and I connected - like our brainwaves just synchronized and allowed us to think on the same wavelength with perfect clarity.

He nodded solemnly.

I nodded right back.

It was profound, really.

"Nothing!" "Bye!"

As one, we noped right out of that conversation like we owed it money and started hightailing it back up to the house.

I think I might have heard Chiron laugh at us as we sprinted away, but that could have just been the wind.

...​

I was only just stepping out of the shower and wrapping myself up with a towel before I remembered an important little tidbit I hadn't thought about before.

I had no clothes.

As in, literally none, except for what I was wearing when whatever it was that happened went down and I ended up here, and at this point those were totally gross.

Luckily, Chiron must have noticed that a lot sooner than I had, because there was a pair of jeans, a shirt and a jacket plus a whole bunch of extra stuff folded up on the bed in little piles when I got back to the room.

There was even a new pair of trainers at the foot of the bed.

"Huh."

... I'm really going to end up owing him a lot, aren't I?

It was an uncomfortable feeling that I pushed down quickly - it wasn't like I had much of a choice, not right now - and I got dressed in record time.

The others were already there when I went down the stairs and turned a corner - Sairaorg was sitting at a counter and waved me over cheerily, and Chiron was idly laying out plates from the other end, and the smell of baked goodness and stuff I was suddenly way too hungry to tell apart hit me like a freight train.

"You're just in time for breakfast."

It just got better when I took the seat next to Sairaorg - There were bread rolls and puffed pastries, butter and jars of jam, yogurt cups and plates of fruit, eggs and sliced sausages, and even a couple of salad bowls in the middle of it all, besides a pot of tea and pitcher full of orange juice.

I was halfway through my first plate before I remembered to breathe, and I went for seconds and thirds before I even looked up.

Sairaog was inhaling his food just as fast, and even Courage looked like he was having the time of his life across the room with the bowl that'd been put aside for him.

"All done then?" Chiron asked when we cleared our plates and started stacking them off to the side. "Good. Then let's discuss your training."

I sat up and downed the last of my orange juice.

This sounded important.

"I said I would train you, and I will. Your physical conditioning will begin tomorrow," He promised both of us, and something about the way he said that was downright ominous. "But for today, I want to see how you handle basic arms training."

"Weapons?"

I may have perked at that, but Sairaorg sounded hesitant.

"I don't use weapons."

Chiron raised a brow.

"You don't, do you?"

"I-" He looked like he was having a hard finding the right words. "I want to be strong without relying on anything but my bare hands. That's my dream."

The way he said that last part came out so fierce and determined I almost leaned back on reflex.

In response, Chiron nodded and smiled almost supportively.

He walked around the counter and raised his hand hand, and pulled the same materialising magic trick from before, only this time instead of a flask it was a long, polished wooden staff that appeared in his grip, ash-colored and rounded at the end.

Then, without missing a beat, he leaned over and smacked Sairaorg over the head with it.

"Ow!"

"What was that about weapons again?"

Sairaorg's eyes widened, and I winced in sympathy.

I think I knew where this was going.

"I don't-"

Crack.

"But-"

Crack.

"I-"

Crack.

Every time he went to answer, the staff landed. There's no way the blows really hurt - take that from me, because I knew firsthand just how hard Sairaorg's skull is, but that couldn't have been fun to deal with either.

Eventually, they fell into this stalemate where neither of them moved or spoke.

Sairaorg opened his mouth.

Chiron wiggled his staff.

Sairaorg closed his mouth, a frustrated look on his face, and the one on Chiron's softened.

"Foolish child." His voice was still quiet, but now he sounded almost nostalgic. "The kind of strength you seek is admirable, and your dream is a worthy one. However-"

He wagged a finger when Sairaorg's expression brightened hopefully.

"-That doesn't mean you have to be a fool about it. Many a warrior have fallen because of false or over-inflated pride."

"It's not pride!" The devil protested vehemently. "I just believe in my body, that's all!"

"And when you are exhausted or outmatched, and have only a weapon you don't know how to use to bridge the gap?" Chiron chided "Or when you face an opponent who can only be defeated or countered by certain specific tools, and you don't have the skills to use them?"

Sairaorg's eyes went a little wide, like the idea had never occurred to him - or maybe he'd just never focused on it much - but the centaur didn't ease up.

"What will your strength be worth then?"

No answer.

"I'm not telling you that you must use a weapon. Only that, while you train under my roof, you must learn to passably wield at least two. It's better safe than sorry, as the saying goes, and I will accept nothing less."

"...Okay." Sairaorg sounded reluctant, but he nodded, and Chiron leaned back in satisfaction.

"Good. Consider it additional training - I also expect the same dedication and conditioning you've taken to strengthen your body to continue as well, and increase in time. No student of mind will fall behind in any way as long as I have anything to say about it."

Sairorg started at that, and then he beamed and clenched a fist.

"Yes!"

Chiron chuckled warmly, and then he turned to me.

"The same applies to you."

"I figured."

"Though in your case, it'll be three weapons including your bow."

I frowned.

"What, that doesn't count?"

I wasn't complaining or anything, but Chiron still leaned over to put a hand on my shoulder. He smiled at me the same way my old history teacher would - the sickly sweet look she'd give me right before sticking me with a week's worth of detention.

"You are a child of Apollon, Daniel. Of course it doesn't." His smile got a little bigger, and I swear it felt like I was staring down a tiger for a split second. "If you cannot master your bow to the extent that you put mortal Olympic champions to fail with the overwhelming advantages your heritage gives you, there won't be a single word in any language to describe how utterly inept you are."

"..."

Then he turned and strode out of the room.

"Now come, both of you. We're wasting daylight."

The two of us just watched him go for a second.

"...Holy crap," I muttered eventually. "He's got no mercy."

Sairaorg nodded quickly. "Right!?"

We stared at each other a bit, and then we started laughing.

...​

I won't bore you with all the details of what came next.

Cliff notes version?

Chiron led us to this gardening shed out back behind his house - only it wasn't so much a gardening shed as it was a small armory, with rows and rows of weapons of every kind you could imagine mounted on the walls like something straight out of a movie.

He even had a few guns, for Dad's sake - and he only winked conspiratorially when I saw them and gaped at him.

I picked out a blunted sword - couldn't tell you what kind, only that I could probably swing it around one handed if I tried - and a spear off one of the racks and followed after him when he led us back out to the field that we'd sparred in just that morning - only it looked spotless now, like we'd never been there at all.

The tree was gone though.

Chiron paced forward a bit, turned around and drove his staff into the soil, point first.

Before I could ask him what he was doing, I felt it.

His eyes glinted with a flare of power, and a burst of green light suddenly surged down the staff and into the ground. The earth immediately began to rumble and shake, and then the dirt in between us bubbled up and parted, and figures clambered out of the hole Chiron carved out for them.

They looked like stone mannequins but they were all disproportionate, faceless and just barely playing the part of humanoid, like boulders with limbs stapled on, and each of them towered over me at six-foot-something.

Worse, nearly all of them were holding onto enormous greatswords sculpted from the same dark rock that made up the rest of them, and a few in the back of the quickly growing mob had spears that were just as ridiculous-looking as the rest.

"Lesson zero!" Chiron said, and he actually sounded excited. That was about the point Sairaorg and I figured out exactly how screwed we were, and we both paled. "A demonstration of your current skill level - start!"

Every one of them raised their weapons and pointed them right at us.

"Oh come on!" I backed right the hell up. The sword in my hand suddenly felt like it weighed a thousand tons, and I itched for my bow. "Can we talk about this?"

"I don't know." Chiron hummed conversationally as the first rock-faced monstrosity started towards me, raising its sword and swinging it in a wide arc. "Can you?"

"Heh." Sairaorg laughed nervously, awkwardly angling the spear he clearly had no idea how to use. "This is going to hurt, isn't it?"

My day got progressively worse from there.

...​

So.

We got the crap kicked out of us.

I'm not going to describe what lesson zero was like either - I don't ever want to talk about it again.

Let's just say that Chiron's golems - that's what he called them after we were done, ignoring both our reproachful looks like an expert - had a whole bunch of fun wailing on us and knocking us around left, right and center.


The only time they'd let up was after they managed to disarm us, and they waited just long enough for us to pick up our weapons again before they charged us again.

I guess it was supposed to be a learning experience, probably. Their moves were repetitive and steady, and maybe we were supposed to take something from that, but I didn't think it was working.

In my defense though, I'd like to see you getting hit with an impact that feels like you're being run over by an eighteen-wheeler going a hundred miles an hour over and over again and see what you manage to learn about driving from it.

They eventually stopped beating on us and started actually teaching, sort of, slowing down their moves enough that we could copy them clumsily and actually try and pick up a trick or two, but by then I was already regretting ever born.

When Chiron called an end to practice a few hours later, I didn't even wait for his minions from hell to collapse back into inanimate stone before I dropped flat on my back and tried not to throw up.

My chest heaved with the effort it took just to groan.

Swords suck. Bows are god.

Lesson learned - I'm not even going to talk about the spear, even though that had kind of gone better until it didn't.

I had the fresh welts to prove it.

A shadow fell over me and blotted out the setting sun.

"I honestly expected worse." Chiron seemed chipper, and a part of me wanted to throw something at him for it. "You have good instincts for an absolute beginner. You both do."

I groaned some more. Sairaorg might have tried to thank him, but it came out more like a garbled wheeze - he'd taken a lot of hits that I'd managed to dodge.

"Regardless, well done! Next time, we begin specialized instruction." He clapped his hands, and the ground began to shift and put itself back together, though I couldn't even lift my head to watch the magic happen "Now get up, and refresh yourselves before dinner. You'll have to turn in early tonight - you'll need it for tomorrow."

Wait, what?

That didn't sound good. Hadn't he said something about 'physical conditioning?'

"What happens tomorrow?"

I started to panic when he didn't answer.

"Chiron, what happens tomorrow?"

He hummed noncommittally, which did frankly terrible things for my blood pressure.

"A word of advice? Sleep with one eye open." He said that in the same kind of voice you'd use to talk about the weather, and by that point even Sairaorg was looking worried again. "You never know what manner of threats can catch you unaware."

And with that terrifying comment, he called it quits and left us in the dirt.

...​

Despite knowing that it might be a bad idea, I still fell asleep.

Yeah, I know it was dumb, but I'd come out of the lesson feeling like my everything from the neck down had been tenderised and then pitched into a meat-grinder for good measure.

Honestly, I blame the probable brain damage.

That, and the part of me that thought that there were still lines that shouldn't be crossed.

I mean, come on - our beds had to be some kind of unanimous time-out zone, right?

Sleep was sacred, after all.

That's what any reasonable person would think.

Then I blinked awake a whole half hour before dawn as I felt something wrap around my ankle and go tight enough to make my foot go numb.

The room was still dark, obviously, but there was enough residual light for me to sit up, still half-asleep and rubbing the blurriness out of my eyes, and frown in slow confusion at the apparently sentient rope that wrapping it's way around my leg of its own free will, and trailing all the way off the bed, across the floor and out my bedroom door.

Wait, that didn't sound right-?

The second I started waking up properly, something on the other end of the rope yanked and I went flying off the bed in a tangle of blankets and pillows with a half-aborted curse on the tip of my tongue. I slammed down on my back hard, and then I was dragged across the floor and out the room like a fish on a hook so quickly I almost got friction burns trying to hold on for dear life, but it was useless.

Then we started hurtling towards the stairs.

"Oh for-!"

Bang.

By the time we made it down all the steps, my head had bounced off of them so many times it might as well have been a tennis ball and I'd landed in a heap so painful you'd think I was trying to mimic an origami crane.

When the rope was finally done tugging me around, I found myself parked right in front of Chiron's feet.

Well, hooves actually, but you get the idea.

The centaur looked amused by the way I stared up at him, mouth flapping uselessly as the rope vanished with a wave of his hand.

"Good morning, student of mine."

"Why!?"

"Because it's time for physical conditioning, of course, and a part of that will involve working on your situational awareness, which is currently abysmal. Now, give me a moment, and-"

On cue, there was a startled yelp somewhere upstairs and a loud thump, and a few seconds later Sairoarg was hurtling down the same expressway I'd taken to get here, rope and everything.

"Ugh!"

"-There we go."

Chiron took a sip from the mug of tea he was carrying and nodded like he hadn't just almost broken both our necks, and I suddenly realized something very important.

Our new teacher was absolutely nuts.

It may have taken a while to sink in, but better late than never.

"Now that we're all here, it's time to get to work."

...Or maybe not.

"What work?" You'd be worried too if you saw the gleam in his eyes. "What are we doing?"

"Oh, nothing much." The lie was the most bold-faced one I'd ever heard in my life. "The two of you will be going on a run, right about... now."

The marble flooring we were on lit up with a brilliant green hue, and my ears popped as it felt like the room around as depressurised and my stomach went oddly weightless, and then the world shifted around us like the fastest scene change in history.

The air got colder. The ground beneath us became rough and uneven rock, and the walls melted away into a view of this steep, enormous valley that stretched out far, far below in the shadow of two mountains and opened up to an entire landscape of sprawling green wilderness and stony terrain that went covered thing from my feet to the horizon.

It was the kind of view you'd only see on untamed nature documentaries. and advertisements.

"Teleportation circle?" Sairaorg murmured, and I inhaled in surprise. Those were a thing here, weren't they? "Where are we?"

"My favorite mountain trail," Chiron answered... nothing at all, actually, not that I exactly paying attention right that second. Teleportation was crazy distracting the first time around. "I want you both to run it from start to finish, and I won't give you a time limit. Not for this first go around."

He lifted his hands and brought them together like he was cupping a handful of water, and more green light pooled in his grip. The little spark rose out a second later and bobbed in the air like a miniature floating lantern, circling his head and flitting about this way and that.

"Follow the wisp, and it'll keep you on the trail."

Chiron lifted a finger and tapped it, and it shot over and started orbiting around us in a wide arc.

Sairaorg blinked.

"Wait, that's it?"

I would have smacked him upside the head myself for a tempting fate like that, but Chiron smiled again, and I immediately knew to brace for impact.

"That's it," He agreed, before leaning forward all of a sudden. "Though there is one little thing."

And there it is.

Sairaorg didn't have enough time to look confused before Chiron put his hand on his shoulder.

"Lesser Curse Of Atlas."

One second, he was standing upright.

The next, the magic hit him like a gunshot, and his knees dropped to the ground hard enough that you could hear the little pebbles underneath him splinter from the force of it.

"Just to make it more challenging." Chiron didn't seem bothered by the way he was struggling to lift his head off the ground at all. Instead, he turned to me. "Clench your teeth."

When I tell you the alarm bells started going off like crazy, I mean it.

"Why-?"

"Lesser Curse Of Atlas."

Oh. Because I nearly bit my tongue off in the landing. That's why.

See, that makes sense.

"How does it feel?"

I couldn't answer him, because I was flat on my face and struggling to breathe before I even realized what was going on.

It was like the dream I had last night, only a thousand times worse - Every muscle in my body turned to fire. My bones felt like they were being ground into dust. I wanted to scream, but opening my mouth would have taken energy I didn't have.

"Sairaorg, go. Get started." I heard Chiron say, but it sounded like he was a million miles away. I heard a sound I think might have been Sairaorg finally getting back to his feet, but at this point pain-induced hallucinations were definitely on the table so who even knew anymore. "The wisp will guide you."

"But he's-"

"He'll join you in a minute," Chiron promised. "Or maybe not. That's up to him."

"...I won't go far." I heard him say stubbornly, and it might have been aimed at me, and then his too-heavy footsteps went thudding off down the mountain path.

Then Chiron was speaking to me.

"Terrible spell, isn't it? It's intended for enemies, ordinarily, but this isn't the first time I've used it as a training tool instead."

I didn't try and say anything. All of my brainpower was going into focus on how I wanted to not be utterly pulverized.

"I wouldn't have cast it on you if I didn't think you could handle it. You are a demigod, Daniel."

I wanted to yell at him.

No, really!?

I guess it must have shown on my face - whatever part of it that wasn't tomato-red from the strain, at least, because he chuckled.

I was starting to hate that chuckle.

"I don't say that to be pedantic." I could see him stride a little closer to me as he spoke out of the corner of my eye. "You possess within you a fraction of the power of a god - divinity incarnate. Your strength is dependant on your faith in yourself, and I mean that quite literally."

My vision was starting to go black at the edges and everything else was tinting red, but I still latched on to that last bit and the odd way he phrased it like a lifeline.

What does that mean?

"You exist on the line that separates mortals from godhood." Chiron idly explained like he wasn't watching me get flattened into a pancake. "You can do more than any mortal - you are more than any mortal. If you want to learn to use your power, you have to accept that the extraordinary is your natural state of being."

That sounded...
How was that helpful?

"You have no comprehension of the limits of your potential, and you'll never learn them until you start striding towards them. Stop waiting for your power to burst out of when you need it most and command it too."

I wanted to ask him what the hell that was supposed to look like, but I was pretty sure I was on the verge of blacking out now. I reached out for that urgent, burning sensation from before, trying to make it work for me.

Come on, give me a hand here!

What was it that Chiron said again?

Command it?

I'm the demigod here, I thought, trying to force some uncooperative godly corner of myself to get with the freaking program, and I'm telling you to get out here right the hell now!

For a second, the part of me that wasn't flailing wildly like it was being tortured - which It kind of was, now that I think about it - felt like an absolute moron.

I can fight cyclopes and hellhounds and not completely lose my mind when hopping worlds for the second time in the entirety of my existence. I am not tapping out now!

My fury fed into itself in a loop until I was nearly screaming through gritted teeth.

"Get. Up. Now."

Then I felt it - the tugging in my gut, and then the spreading warmth lancing up through my veins like reflected sunlight about to erupt-!

"No!" He said sharply, and I lost my focus. The warmth I'd been calling up slipped and vanished, and it was like the force crushing me down doubled in power. I nearly choked trying to cry out, and my spine felt like it was on the verge of snapping. "Do it again, but slowly. Carefully. A candle that burns twice as bright lasts half as long, and a candle that burns a thousand times brighter won't hold its flame for even a blink of an eye. Bring it back, but steady it. Control it."

What do you think I'm trying to do!?

But despite the frustration, I think I kind of got what he was trying to say anyway.

The next time I tried to pull on that power, I... grabbed onto it, almost. Forced it to pour out slowly, instead of all in one rush - like I was adjusting the handle on a water faucet.

The warmth spread through me again, and this time I made it work for me.

Steady. Don't burn out.

This was different from before - I could feel it. Instead of surging out in one burst, it built up steadily and lingered until it felt like every atom that made me up was suffused with it, and suddenly I could breathe again.

Slowly, the pressure from Chiron's curse began to decrease, forced back bit by bit from unbearable to crushing to just plain old heavy, and with a grunt, I managed to get my hands out underneath me and heaved myself back up to my feet.

"That's the spirit!"

I was ready to tackle Chiron when I got up, consequences be damned, but then I caught the geniunely proud smile and it stalled me. He was looking me over from head to toe, and I belatedly noticed that I was glowing a little - a soft golden aura that reminded me of the outdoors at the height of summer.

"Now we're getting somewhere."

He even sounded proud, the way my uncle would when I walked into the house with an A on my report card, and I felt that anger slip away before I could even try and hold onto it.

The fact that I felt borderline invincible and ready to leap off the ground and fly from sheer euphoria and relief probably helped too.

Wait, hold on, can I actually fly?

I shelved that gleeful thought off to the side for a second as I tried to glare at Chiron.

"That was a nightmare. You could have warned me."

He took that in for a second, and then tipped back his head and laughed.

"There would have been no point. It's about to get a whole lot worse." A bow materialised in his hands, with a quiver over his shoulders - neither of them mine. "I'll give you a head start to catch up to Sairaorg and make whatever ground you can before we start working on your awareness and evasion."

The grin he gave me was downright menacing.

"Good luck, student. You have ten minutes."

"...my god." I whispered, already stepping back. "You are evil."

His eyes narrowed, and he started nocking an arrow.

"And now you have one."

Crap.

...​

Sairaorg grinned up at me when he saw me sprinting down the mountain like the hounds of hell were after me - and where was Courage anyway? - and looked ready to high-five me on the spot, curse be damned.

"You did it-!"

Then he choked as I grabbed him by the collar faster than he could blink, yanked him into the run with me and started following after the wisp of light bobbing in the distance.

"TALK LATER!" I roared just as the sound of arrows through the air whistling through the air began to chase after us - and how I heard that was anyone's guess. "RUN NOW!"

This time, I definitely wasn't imagining it

Chiron was definitely still laughing at us before it started raining pain, and things just went crazy from there.

...


Chiron's Mood at the end of the chapter:

View: https://imgur.com/vcn5pRM



View: https://imgur.com/WBlXJML



View: https://imgur.com/2FzcixE

​

As always, leave your comments and ideas and if you don't like it, please be courteous.
Last edited: Mar 5, 2025
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Murderous_Intent, Doc Sithicus, Hodlum and 1,247 others
Firewillreign
Mar 4, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks I Figure Some Stuff Out, And Chiron Gets The Last Laugh
View content
Firewillreign
Firewillreign
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 26, 2023
Messages888
Likes received82,880
Mar 9, 2025
Add bookmark
#204
The last 'slow' chapter that sets some stuff up, foreshadows some more, and gets us into the flow of things.

I never thought there'd be a day where I'd miss my basketball coach's teaching methods, but here we are.

Sure, Coach Williams had a lot of fun making anyone and everyone on the team run suicides until they dropped the second they put so much as a toe out of line, but at least he never actually threw the basketballs at us while we were at it.

Or, in Chiron's case, send enough falling arrows after us to blot out the sky.

You think I'm kidding?

The first few volleys that came streaking down were the easiest to avoid, even if the arrows were falling by the dozen, because I could almost feel them coming.

I'd call it a sixth sense, but that wouldn't be doing it justice - We ran, and suddenly it was as if I had some kind of inbuilt radar that kept pinging at the back of my head every time one was loosed into the air, and I forced us to weave and zig-zag across the rocky path we were charging ahead on even as they peppered and pierced through the ground around us and missed by feet - sometimes inches - without ever looking up to check.

I might have stopped to question it if I could, but I don't think Chiron was the sort to give time-outs and Sairaorg was more than happy to follow my lead on this one, so I rolled with it - and things had been going well, too.

"LEFT, LEFT! GO LEFT!"

"MY LEFT OR YOUR LEFT!?!"

"SAIRAORG, MY LEFT IS YOUR LEFT!"

"THAT'S WHAT YOU SAID LAST TIME!"

"JUST DO IT!"

"FINE!"

"WAIT, NO, I MEANT RIGHT!"

"SERIOUSLY?!"

"SORRY!"

...Okay, maybe not that well, but cut me a little slack here - I like to believe that I can think fast under pressure, and I usually can, but you could have crushed coal into diamonds with the kind that I was under right then, and a few teensy near-misses here and there on my first go-around with yet another fresh new power I didn't even know I had going for me until five minutes ago totally didn't count.

Still, I'd had us pretty much covered.

Then I guess Chiron must have stopped warming up or something, because things went from 'pear-shaped' to 'oh god why' in the blink of an eye.

I almost tripped over my feet and fell flat on my face when I felt the next volley of arrows coming - not an even dozen anymore, but twice that, and then triple that, and then they were just too many to count and all closing in on us fast.

"INCOMING!"

Sairaorg didn't question me this time - he had his own gut instincts too, and they were plenty sharp - and we kicked it up a notch as one.

And I mean that.

Woosh.

We'd already been going at it like we were training for the Olympic sprints despite the Lesser Curse Of Atlas weighing us down like a sack of bricks tied around our ankles, but the burst of speed we put on in that split-second was nothing short of insane - and right on time, too.

The moment the first of the arrows hit the ground that we'd just been treading over before, it was like the apocalypse had come early.

See, they weren't just regular arrows anymore - clearly, that would have been too easy.

Instead, nearly all of them had their own gimmick.

Some burst into blistering flames. Others blasted out waves of stifling frost. A few erupted with gale-force winds, and a handful more let loose with crackling lightning, complete with peals of thunder and everything, over and over again.

Every last one did something, and the combined flare of power hit like a cataclysm and nearly flung us off our feet, which would have gone even worse than you'd think because at no point did Chiron actually stop firing- oh no.

I didn't even know how he was doing it - we should have left him behind and a million miles away, but he obviously didn't get that memo.

More arrows landed - fire and frost licked at us painfully, daggers of wind stabbed at our eyes, and I came this close to getting the worst tasing in history more times than I could count.

Even the ground seemed to go from solid terrain to a living minefield out to get us - It was a complete nightmare.

So it probably said some stuff about me that I was having the time of my life.

Yeah, I said that.

It was terrifying, but once we hit our stride, I couldn't help but fall backward into that same feeling I got the first time I fired my bow and killed that hellhound, only this was even better - like riding the fastest roller coaster in the universe, only it was you in the driver's seat pulling off all the crazy twists and flips without even a lap-bar holding you in place - just sheer strength.

I felt unstoppable, on top of the world even, and I wasn't the only one.

The sounds of the forces of nature coming after us with a vengeance may have been stupidly loud, but even they couldn't drown out Sairaorg's booming laugh, or the wild grin I could see out of the corner of my eye.

And once he got started, I couldn't stop myself either, and so there we were, laughing like we'd lost all our marbles and bolting after the floating sprite like there was no tomorrow while everything in sight went to hell in a hand basket.

It was amazing, in all the worst and the best of ways.

We didn't shut up until the sprite finally changed course - it took a sudden sharp left and flew off towards the mountainside, and we were forced to veer after it as it went, scrambling over uneven ground that was quick to shift into something that much harsher and more jagged and abruptly leaping through the mouth of a darkened cave neither of us realized we were coming up to until we were already there.

The arrow fire didn't stop for a few more beats, the impacts sending tremors through the cave, so neither did we - we followed the sprite through a winding tunnel that sloped further down with every step, the air growing cold and damp and the light getting dimmer until it was only the soft green glow our magical guide radiated and the shimmer of golden aura coming off of me that lit up the path we were on and made the limestone-grey walls look alive with our shifting shadows.

We went far enough down into it that we eventually had to slow down, even if I still had enough adrenaline rushing through me to kill a dragon.

The sound of the arrows finally petered out a little after that..

A few minutes passed in tense silence, but Chiron didn't come charging in after us, and the wisp kept gently bobbing in our line of sight as it waited for us to catch up.

Sairaorg bit his lip "Is it over?"

"...Maybe?"

We both shared a look and immediately grimaced.

Okay, no.

Something stank to high heaven here - I'd only met Chiron three days ago and I already knew enough to understand that there was no way he'd let us off that easily.

Of course, because the universe had a sense of humor, that's when the tunnel opened up into the massive underground cavern and we walked right into the lair of the scorpion.

Before then, whenever I thought of these guys, I'd remember this old poster we had hanging in my biology class a few years back - a close-up diagram of an eight-legged arachnid with a black-brown carapace, a gnarly-looking stinger at the end of its segmented tail, and a lower body that was half burrowed in between the stalagmites it deliberately dug it's way into to take a nap.

This one looked almost exactly like that... only it was also the size of a small house.

Feel free to picture that for a second.

Its head was almost as big as a minivan all on its own, and its pincers looked like they could snap tree trunks in half with one clip. It had two oily black eyes on either side of its face and six more symmetrically divided underneath the first pair, all of them so dark I would've mistaken them for great hollow pits if I looked at them from the wrong angle, and its tail was wider than me at its thinnest point and was propped over its back like a carry-on bag, the tip gleaming dangerously in the green and golden glow.

Worse, there were ... leftovers scattered all around it.

Discarded swords and spears stabbed into the ground or haphazardly tossed aside, broken pieces of armour and scraps, and what had to be at least a few piles of bones that I had to try very hard not to think about for too long.

Looking up at it from just a few feet away was... well.

I wasn't even scared at this point - just done.

No, nope, nada and no thank you.

I had no open slots in my calendar for this - Please try again sometime between the seventh of never going to happen and the twelfth of in your most unholy dreams.

Turning around to catch Sairaorg's eyes in the relative dark - and let me tell you, he looked just as enthused about this as I was - I jammed a thumb over my shoulder and soundlessly mouthed the words at him.

Time to go. Right now.

He nodded very quickly, and we both started very carefully backing up. The scorpion stayed unmoving, dead to the world and totally oblivious to us being within striking range, and we put the first few feet between us without a hitch.

At this point you're probably already thinking to yourself: Hey, I've seen this movie before! One of these dashing morons is about to step on a stick or a pile of dried leaves or something and wake that thing right the hell up, right?

If that's what went through your mind then congratulations, because you're exactly right.

As soon as stepped back a little more, my foot landed on an inconspicuous patch of dirt that I knew had been flatter than a sheet of paper right before, and it let out a loud, ear-splitting crack.

I froze

Sairaorg froze.

Even the light sprite seemed to stop bobbing in the air, and the sound continued to echo and reverberate off the cavern walls and in between the stalactites above us, sharp and brittle like ice snapping under pressure.

The scorpion stirred.

"...Really?"

My exhausted sigh was drowned out when the thing's eyes lit up with a rising hiss - and when I say lit up, I mean that they flashed like neon-blue searchlights the size of large basketball hoops as they came alive, and Sairaorg and I's collective life expectancy curdled faster than a week-old milk carton when they locked onto us half a second later.

For a moment, nobody moved a muscle.

Then I smiled brightly.

"Good morning sir. Do you have a moment to speak about your vacuum cleaners' extended warranty options?"

It hissed, audibly confused, and its tail began to sway from side to side, like it was getting ready to lash out but couldn't decide whether the bite-sized snack in front of it was actually serious or if it was just hallucinating out of hunger.

That, or maybe it really did want to talk about vacuum cleaners.

After the last couple of days I've had, every kind of crazy had a place on this bandwagon.

"Ah, you don't have one? I can see how that's been a problem for you. This place could really use a good spring cleaning. In fact, we should just leave and come back at better time, right, Sairaorg?"

"Already gone!"

Now, see, that right there is why he and I were going to get along.

The hiss that came after us as we turned back and bolted quickly shifted into a screech of pure, uninhibited murder as the scorpion began to rip itself out of the earth it was partly submerged in - probably because it didn't appreciate the dig at its home - and we broke apart in either direction an instant before the stinger to end all stingers landed between us and pierced through solid rock like a toothpick sinking into wet clay.

"Holy-!"

It didn't slow down as it tore its tail free with a spray of crushed and pulverized limestone, and I had to duck my head low to dodge a chunk of the stuff the size of a mini-fridge.

We scrambled towards the cavern tunnel - only the scorpion wasn't having any of that. Instead of chasing after us in a straight line though, it went off to the side, towards the cavern wall.

Have you ever seen a spider flit from one spot to another too fast for your eyes to track?

The resident rage monster decided to pull that trick as it clambered over the nearest wall sideways and tore forwards with terrifying speed to catch up, clearing the distance and coming back in from the side just in time to cut us off and lunge with its pincers.

Sairaorg yelped and flung himself out of reach before it could get its claws on him, but it was a near miss by the skin of his teeth, and then he did something I hadn't seen from him before.

With a burst of displaced air, a pair of leathery bat-like wings exploded out behind him and he rocketed straight up and out of the way of another deadly swipe.
Right - Devil.

I couldn't afford to stop and stare the way a part of me wanted to, but that little display still clinched it for me.

I am so figuring out how to fly after this.

Until then, though...

My eyes narrowed as I caught sight of the discarded weapons across the cavern, my mind firing of a mile a minute, and several things came together up there in the vague shape of a plan.

"Sairaorg!" I yelled as I started sprinting, hoping that he could pay attention in his "Cover your ears!"

I gave him five seconds, then I opened my mouth and... roared?

Screamed?

Both?

In the end it didn't matter what the right word for it was, because this time the eruption of horrendously cascading noise that I let rip on command was entirely intentional and a thousand times worse than the last - the air visibly vibrated from the force of it, the walls and stalactites shook and rattled like they were on the verge of coming apart at the seams, and the scorpion stopped swiping at Sairaorg - who had his ears shut and could have broken a few teeth if he gritted them any harder - and instead seemed to lock down, shuddering all over in silent agony.

It bought me the time to reach over to the discarded weapons, yank up the nearest spear into my grip and turn to take aim in one movement.

I knew what to do now - After all, archery may come naturally to me, but the instinctive near-perfect marksmanship that came with that package wasn't exclusive to just my bow and arrows.

Or at least I hoped.

The world seemed to slow down as I inhaled sharply, eyes closing for the span of one breath as I reached deep for the power I was only just starting to truly figure out.

Work with me here.

And it did.

The aura surrounding me brightened as I exhaled, sunlight surging through my veins with renewed intensity, and I heaved forward and launched the spear with more strength than I'd ever used before - more that I'd ever imagined I could use - and watched it flash through the air, puncture and bury itself in the first of the scorpion's eyes like a hot knife through butter.

The warbling hiss it let loose as its eye burst into goop and viscera running down its face was awful, and it got worse when Sairaorg got his head back in the game and flew down over its skull from above, cocked his fist back and punched it hard enough that I could swear I felt the impact rattle the back of my teeth.

Then he did it again.

It tried to swat him away with its pincers and stab at him with its stinger again, but my training partner was just as fast in the air as he was on his feet, and by the time it went for another lunge, Sairaorg's fist had lashed out a third time, and my second spear took out another eye.

After that, it went berserk - even managed to tag Sairaorg just slightly enough to fling him back a little and use the chance to thunder forward, gunning for me with a guttural screech of a war cry.

Crap.

I cursed under my breath before flinging the next weapon at it - a sword this time, but if it was pointy and could be thrown it was fair game as far as I was concerned.

I think it might have tried to dodge, but it only ended up catching the blade in the eye next to the one I'd been aiming for, and the pain broke its run into something uncontrolled that ended with it ramming head-first into the wall behind me after I got right out of the way.

When it turned around again, it was much more sluggish and slower to recover, and its tail kept swinging around erratically - On the defensive now instead of trying to go for the kill

Not that it helped - I grabbed another spear, Sairaorg dove in from above, the two of us closed in and things just got messy.

Five minutes later, it had no eyes left, the joints between its armored segments and the vulnerable spots across its tail were littered with whatever else I could throw at it before I ran out, and there was a genuine patchwork of cracks spiralling across its carapace and leaking things that made me appreciate the fact that I was doing all of this on an empty stomach, because I'd have probably had a hard time keeping anything down otherwise.

Eventually, it just slumped, its legs giving out underneath it and letting its weight hit the ground with a deep thud. I almost felt a little sorry for it as it gave us another hiss, this one barely just a whisper, before its tail curled in on itself and it went still and silent.

...

Slowly, we put some space between us, and then Sairaorg dropped down next to me.

When the scorpion didn't get back up - didn't so much as twitch - we relaxed.

"We beat it."

"Looks like it."

I glanced at him.

"Wings, huh?"

He blinked, surprised, and then folded them away like they weren't ever there at all.

"Didn't you know?"

"Oh, I did. You just never used them."

They looked strange - almost too thin to hold up his weight, but they seemed to work for him just fine.

He scratched his cheek and shrugged.

"I didn't need to."

Fair enough.

We stared at each other for another second, looked back down at the fallen scorpion, and then we grinned.

"That was-!"

"I know right-?!"

"Ahem."

We froze, and Chiron waved cheerily.

Neither of us had heard him coming.

"It looks like I'm going to have to drill better awareness in you quite thoroughly for the lesson to stick - a thought for later." He clicked his tongue as we twitched in place. "Still, well done. Better than expected once again, though next time, my foolish students, make sure your enemy is truly defeated before you start celebrating."

There was a rumble behind us, and the scorpion suddenly reared up blindingly quick, pincers raised to strike - one last ditch attempt at revenge when our backs were turned - but Chiron only flicked a single finger in its general direction, and it died.

No, seriously.

One minute it was trying to lunge, and the next it was a total goner as an entire column of explosive wind and magic so dense you could finger paint with the stuff shot past us and bored right through it, splattering its insides across the back wall in a display so grisly you'd think it was pulled straight out of one of those cheap monster flicks people loved rewatching on Halloween.

It was dead before it dropped the second time, and we stared.

"Right then. We'll have a talk about what you did right and wrong after you finish your run."

".."

You could have heard a pin drop.

"... we're not done?" Sairaorg sounded faint, and my ability to talk outright glitched while my brain stuttered and tried to reboot.

The look Chiron gave us both for that one was the kind you'd give a little kid asking to be president of the moon - indulgent and amused and a little condescending in that 'aww, aren't you just adorable' way - and then he raised his bow out of absolutely nowhere, and we were suddenly back in a world of hurt.

...​

Hours later, sometime near noon, after chasing us ragged up and down the mountain path until we were on the verge of either dropping dead or spontaneously combusting just to call it quits, Chiron finally let us stop.

Thank my dad.

We collapsed side by side onto the soft grass of the field he'd run us into like puppets with our strings cut.

"I think I might die," Sairaorg croaked, voice muffled by the earth beneath us, and I rasped something that might have been an agreement before rolling over onto my back and gasping in relief.

The sunlight should have been blinding, but all I got from it was a slow warmth that felt like it was seeping right through me. The ache in my everything dulled and went soft, and the exhaustion turned into something drowsy instead of painful.

Turns out sunbathing was good for me - Who'd have thunk it?

I basked in it for a little while, taking in the sound chirping of birds and then the cool breeze, then I flickered my eyes to Sairaorg, who kept twitching like he was fighting off the aftershocks of getting struck by lightning.

Come to think of it, he nearly had been.

Chiron did not mess around, even when we started slowing down.

An idea came to me as I looked at him, and I leaned over with a grunt and put my hand on his shoulder.

Apollo was the god of healing too, wasn't he?

Sairaorg jolted when the light wafting off of me began to pour over and into him.

"What-?"

"Don't question it," I warned him. "It might stop working."

I didn't know what exactly I was doing here, but my gut said that it felt right, and it was working - not by much and not for long, because my tank was well and truly near empty - but it was enough for his muscles to unlock and his breathing to even out, even if it did hitch at the start with surprised wonder and something else I was too out of it to focus on.

"Well, isn't that an interesting sight?" Chiron stepped over to us as I let my arm drop, and he sounded pleased. "It's about time."

I was tempted to throw something at him, but I had nothing on hand but dirt and I think he could sorta tell, because he gave me an 'I dare you' look and raised an eyebrow my way.

"..."

Dang it. I'm not suicidal enough to try.

Chiron laughed at my disgruntled expression and then turned to trot away.

"Come along then."

I propped myself up on my elbows and stared after him incredulously.

The Lesser Curse of Atlas had been... if not dispelled, the at least greatly reduced the second we'd stopped running, but even that still felt overwhelming right now.

"You think we can still move?"

"You can't? Oh well. I suppose I'll have lunch on my own, then."

"...Evil." I whispered under my breath and let my head drop back to the ground. "So damn evil!"

Sairoarg just groaned in agreement.

...​

Luckily we didn't have to go far before Chiron delivered up on the offer of lunch - he just snapped his fingers once, and a low table materialised right there in the clearing, loaded with plates of roasted vegetables, stuffed grape leaves, skewers of meat and wild greens along with a whole bunch of other stuff.

"Are you making the food with magic, or just bringing it here?"

"Who knows?"

Real helpful, that.

I didn't have the patience to ask him again, so I just focused on cramming down bits of everything in sight - With how hungry we both were, it's a miracle Sairaorg and I didn't go on to eat the table when we were done clearing off the plates.

Chiron waited for us to finish up before he waved a hand and banished it all away

"Satisfied?

"Thanks for the food." Sairaorg smiled, and I tossed him a thumbs up.

"Good. Now then," He locked his fingers together and shifted a little to stand more comfortably. "Questions?"

Finally.

"I get the arrow fire, but what was up with the scorpion?"

Because there's no way his sprite just happened to lead us into its lair by accident - pigs would fly, hell would freeze over and Apollo would come down from Olympus to play catch with me before I believed that.

"There are many organizations that like to breed certain magical beasts and creatures. For weapons, entertainment, or what have you.' Chiron said, and I could tell he was winding up for a lecture. "I came across that one in particular after it decimated the group of fools that bred it and started rampaging across the mountainside."

Sairaorg frowned, confused. "And you didn't kill it?"

I got where he was coming from - Chiron had basically eviscerated it with a thought right in front of us, so why bother keeping it around?

"It was my first impulse." He agreed. "Something went wrong in its creation, and it was not quite self-aware."

I coughed.

"Seemed plenty aware when it was trying to eat us."

"A degree of basic intelligence and deliberately engraved instincts are no substitute for true life - that malformed chimera had no capacity for growth, and so I found a location that was well out of the way and sealed it under wards designed to keep it in perpetual slumber. You broke them when you stepped inside."

"But why not just deal with it back then?

"I thought it might be useful somewhere down the line."

"Useful? The thousand-ton murder-bug?" I asked dubiously, and Sairaorg started snickering into his palm. "For real?"

The centaur shrugged.

"You'd be surprised. I am many thousands of years old, and when you live as long as I have in this great world of ours, you learn that anything has the potential to come in handy under the right circumstances at some point down the line." He smiled. "Case in point: it helped me test my new students, didn't it?"

"..." "..."

Sairaorg and I exchanged a look, and he shrugged too.

You know what?

Fair.

"But what about the weapons and the bones we found in there?"

Chiron laughed.

"Props. I set them up in there for dramatic effect."

I blinked.

That...

Huh.

Now I was a little underwhelmed.

"I have a good grasp of what I can expect from you, now." Chiron continued when neither of us said anything else "Still a few tests to run here and there-"

The panic on our faces must have been obvious, because he grinned widely.

"-but I know by and large where to focus my efforts with both of you. Soon, we'll get started on the basics of hand-to-hand combat. It's been quite a while since I've instructed anyone in classical Pankration."

I didn't know what that was, but the way his eyes glazed over with nostalgia wasn't exactly comforting, and Sairaorg perking up didn't do wonders for my confidence either.

"Tonight, however-" Chiron's tone melted into something softer. "You'll be going off into the city."

That came out of nowhere.

"What?"

"You'll be going off into the city." He repeated gently - not that it helped much.

"Why?" Sairaorg beat me to the punch this time. "What are we doing?"

"Whatever you want, I suppose."

"..."

"..."

"Okay, you win." I threw my hands up in frustration. "I'm lost - what's happening now?"

Chiron chuckled.

"Exactly what I said - you're free to go into the city and do whatever you'd like for the night, within reason. Or stay on the grounds, if you'd prefer that, so long as you do something restful." He idly stroked his beard as we stared at him, trying to figure out the game this time. "You've earned a few hours of recovery for the day, and you'll need it for tomorrow."
My eye twitched.

"What happens tomorrow?"

Naturally, he winked and ignored me.

"Go into the city, explore, and get to know each other and enjoy yourselves a little. Pick up a few groceries " His eyes twinkled a little as he looked us over. "And if you need a suggestion on where to go and what to do after that, I have a few."

And that was that.

...​

The last time I'd gone bowling had been ages ago now, so when I found the name of an alley on the list Chiron had given us right before he'd booted us out of the front door I figured it might be fun.

Sairaorg hadn't minded either, and the place was pretty cheap all things considered - I did have a bit to spend after all, from that stack I'd found from in the backpack Chiron had left me.

I'd tried to return it to to him a while ago - I would have felt sleazy trying to keep it without a word - but he just smacked me upside the head with the heavy end of his staff and gave me another for good measure when I tried to argue.

"Foolish student, it's rude to return gifts."

It took ten minutes for the ringing in my ears to stop after that, so there were no more arguments from me.

Koralli Bowling was a dingy little place on the outside, with a faded sign and lighting that was a little crappy, and basically empty when we walked into the building a few hours later, but it was good enough to shrug off if you were just there to have a little fun.

Bonus - the clerk at the stand let me bring in Courage after I promised he'd stay the sidelines and not make a mess.

My dog hadn't been happy that I'd nearly left him behind and had made that very clear when I tried.

"Courage, damn it, let go of my shoes!"

"Grrrrr!"

Yeah, let's not talk about it. I grabbed him a couple of snacks from Chiron's kitchen and let him munch away while Sairaorg and I minded our own business.

The air was thick with the scent of old leather, stale popcorn, and the faint whir of the ball return system when we got to our lanes, these long stretches of glossy dark wood banged up by scuff marks and the occasional dent.

Neat.

I grabbed a ball from the return and I gave it a little twirl, grinning at the way the weight of it settled in my hands before I glanced over at Sairaorg.

"You ever played before?"

"No, but I know how." He paused. "I think."

"Knock yourself out."

He took a step forward, cocked back his hand a little and tossed his hand at a slight angle. The ball went zipping across the lane just a little too fast for a throw like that - if you weren't in the know, at least - and all but three pins went scattering with a loud crack.

"Hah!"

"What, you think that was good?

I mean, it totally was, but I wasn't about to let him have that before I leaned forward and took my own shot, and the ball sailed forward with a heavy rolling and a thwack that ended with a clean strike.

I grinned.

"Score!"

Sairaorg's smile turned competitive.

"Oh, it's on."

We got through some two dozen throws each before we slowed down enough that we could talk again.

"So, Sairaorg."

"Yeah?"

"How come you've come to train with Chiron?

I was just making small talk, but he almost missed a step in surprise and I frowned.

What was up with that?

I only asked because I didn't remember much of his story besides the basics- I don't think there was much of one, to be honest, but I think I would have known about him training with someone so famous if it had ever come up, and he looked uncomfortable at the question.

"...He's Chiron," Sairaorg explained, but it was slower and more hesitant than before. "If anyone can make me as strong as I want to be, or even stronger, it's him. And-"

I put my hands up when he glanced at me.

"You don't have to tell me if you don't want to."

"No, it's fine." He sighed and put the ball he was holding back onto the rack. "The thing is, I'm a devil."

"...Yeah, I got that. Hate to break it to you, but the bat-wings were a bit of a giveaway."

He snorted, and I grinned a little as he relaxed.

"Devil don't really have a good reputation with any other faction. Our ancestors really messed up back in the day, and even if things are better now, there are still plenty of devils today who are nearly just as bad." He said carefully, and I think I picked up what he was getting at pretty quickly. "Most people despise and want nothing to do with us, and I figured being a student of Chiron would make me strong, and help me with that too. He doesn't train just anyone, after all."

"So you want his stamp of approval," I said, and he nodded. "Is there a reason why?"

Because he was still hesitating, and nothing he'd said so far seemed to explain it.

"I want to make a deal with someone."

I blinked

A... devil deal?

Those were a thing, weren't they?

"Someone?"

"Maybe a Greek god."

I choked and nearly dropped the ball I was holding on my foot.

"Are you insane?"

I blurted it out before I could stop myself, but in my defense, that came out of nowhere.

I didn't know anything about the Greek gods in this world, but if they were anything like back home, then you couldn't just go up to them and make deals.

That's how you get sent on deadly quests or errands that have a ninety percent dismemberment rate, and that's assuming they didn't punish you for the audacity of trying to haggle with them like that anyway.

"I know it sounds a little crazy." A little? "But I don't have much of a choice, and it's just an idea I had."

"Crazy doesn't cover it, dude. Have you just not read Greek mythology?" I know he was probably just as impulsive as I was on a good day, but this just takes the cake. "Why would you want to-?"

"Do you know what the sleeping disease is?"

I paused.

"The what?"

Sairaorg sighed again, only the sound wasn't tired.

Just sad.

"It's a very rare magical disease that plagues devils. It makes them fall asleep and wither away until they die, even if takes centuries for them to reach that point - you can see the signs early if you know how to look for them, but once they close their eyes they never open them again."

"What, like sleeping beauty?"

He gave me an odd look.

"No, I think that was someone else."

"..."

I'm just going to ignore that bit for now.

"No one's ever been able to cure it, not even Ajuka Beelzebub. But there's never been records of a god trying to do something about it, either." Sairaorg clenched his fists. "The ones that could try have never had a reason to try and help, but I have to find a way to change that."

He inhaled deeply.

"I have to."
Something about the way he said that...
It dawned on me.

"It's not for yourself, is it?"

He shook his head.

"It's for my mom."

And just like that, I couldn't quite meet his eyes anymore.

"She's sick?"

Now that I thought about it, that was vaguely familiar now, wasn't it?

"She has it, and she's already asleep." He answered, and he sounded gutted about it. "But I'm going to find a way to help!"

"Sounds risky," I said half-heartedly, and he shook his head.

"Doesn't matter." He insisted. "I was born useless in the eyes of the Bael and half the Underworld. My mother is the only person who's ever believed in me, and she got shunned for it. Even when she knew she didn't have much time left, she never stopped believing in me or making me promise to become the strongest devil I could be, so I'm not going to stop believing in her either. No matter what it takes-!"

"I get it."

He stopped mid-rant, which was a good thing because I'm not sure he wouldn't have started yelling at the top of his voice if I'd let him go on.

"...huh?"

"I get it. You want to help your mom." I waved my hand in his general direction. "You don't have to justify it. If my mom was still-"

Woah.

I cut myself off and slammed my mouth shut so fast I nearly bit through my tongue.

Pump the freaking brakes - where the hell had that come from?

Did Chiron's staff rattle something loose in my skull or something?

I don't talk about my mom with or to anyone - I don't even think about her most of the time in the privacy of my own mind.

Haven't in years, and I wasn't about to start now.

"-doesn't matter." I switched tracks lamely, not that it helped. Sairaorg may hit like a juggernaut and charge like one too, but I doubted he wasn't smart enough to figure out what I'd nearly let slip. "Your mom sounds awesome. Only makes sense that you'd find a way to help."

"... She is pretty awesome," Sairaorg said softly, and when I glanced at him out of the corner of my eye, he was deliberately looking anywhere but at me. "Thanks, Daniel."

He definitely knew, didn't he?

Damn it.

"It's nothing." I cleared my throat, trying to move past the stiffiling awkwardness "What are friends for?"

Sairaorg shrugged.

"Wouldn't know. You're the first one I've had in a while."

...Seriously?

Now I gotta get invested.

"One-second thought, I might be reconsidering the friendship." I pointed at the digital scoreboard. "I can't hang out with someone who can't keep up, and I'm three strikes ahead so far."

"Oh really?" His eyes flashed dangerously "Watch this!"

Thwack - boom!

...​

That was how a ten-pound bowling ball broke one of the pinsetter horribly and got us both banned for life after a screaming rant from the angry owner.

I'm pretty sure we would have gotten arrested too, but Sairoarg and I clocked on to where things were heading quickly and had Courage knock over a popcorn cart as a distraction, then we hightailed it out of there before the cops could get us, laughing like absolute idiots the whole time.

We'd probably never be able to show our faces anywhere near the place again, but hey, I made a friend out of it, officially, so everything worked out alright in the end.

Or at least it did, until we got back to Chiron's, and found the old centaur waiting for us in the garden, mug in hand and expression half-way between amused and expectant.

"You're late."

"We made curfew!" Sairaorg protested, and I nodded vigorously.

"It's barely nine!"

"And yet you're still late." He glanced down at "By thirty-five seconds."

"You're kidding right?"

"Punctuality is important."

Oh god, he wasn't kidding.

"Does that mean we're grounded?"

"I suppose we'll see tomorrow."

For the love of-!

"Chiron, please, what happens tomorrow!?"

He just laughed some more.

...​

When I wasn't dragged out of bed by an enchanted rope and flung about like a rag doll, I let myself hope that today was going to be a good day.

But I was wrong.

I was so, so wrong.

Slowly, I looked away from the desk I was sitting at, panning my eyes around the stack of books nearly as tall as I was - On mythology and history, sciences and languages, maths, and about a hundred other things too.

Just looking at them was making my dyslexic instincts scramble back and seize up in terror.

Sairaorg looked like he might actually tear up as he met my eyes, a haunted look in his own.

Slowly, we turned to stare at Chiron, who was up at the chalkboard and scribbling out a few lines.

Homeschooling 101 - The path to success."

"No students of mine will remain uneducated." His tail swished as he turned around. "I expect straight grades from here on out, or there will be consequences."

I thought I escaped Algebra, but like a poisonous viper it slipped back into my life and stuck when I least expected it.

"...This is the worst thing you could have done to us."

"Give it time."

"That wasn't a challenge!"

"No, but the pop quizzes will be."

"...Can we fight another scorpion instead?"

"We'll cycle back to that in a few more days."

I tipped back my head and groaned.

...


Slowly but surely, the first few weeks began to tick on by.


...


Sai and Dan Talking about feelings:



View: https://imgur.com/3ViNuZN


Pop quizes:



View: https://imgur.com/5g7IqV4​


Next Chapter: Touki, Divine Magic, and and -in some ways- literally world-altering discovery

As always leave your comments and ideas and if you don't like it, please be courteous.
Last edited: Apr 20, 2025
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Murderous_Intent, Darkplayer35, Ender Wiggen and 1,121 others
Firewillreign
Mar 9, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Sairaorg Nearly Kills Me, But It's Actually Really Cool
View content
Firewillreign
Firewillreign
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 26, 2023
Messages888
Likes received82,880
Mar 16, 2025
Add bookmark
#250
We may have kicked things off pretty slowly, but as soon as we hit our stride, there was no stopping.

Every morning we started with classes. Chiron ran us through the regular stuff, like maths and science and essay writing, but there was also mythology - or history, I guess, since it was all real.

We learned about the big highlights - the great and relevant pantheons and factions of the world, the different realms they governed, the way they all dealt with one another and the mortal world in between, but we covered the smaller things too - common threats, common magics, and anything that could give either of us a bad day or was important enough that Chiron decided we had to know about it.

And as it turned out, there was enough random trivia there to fill half a dozen libraries.

"I thought I could skip the books when I was disinherited," Sairaorg muttered to me this one time, halfway through another one of Chiron's lectures on inter-pantheonic diplomacy - which was exactly as fun as it sounded "This would make half the Pillar heirs I know cry."

He probably wasn't wrong - what we were going through was basically a crash course on everything supernatural, only our teacher didn't do anything by halves.

And he wasn't kidding about the pop quizzes either.

I leaned across my desk to pat his back in sympathy, then I yelped as Chiron's staff materialised and whacked my hand and his head in quick succession. He loomed over us as we winced, and I couldn't even tell you if he'd teleported or moved there from the front of the room, because he was just that fast.

"Any questions, my students?"

"I'm good." "What questions?"

"Wonderful." He smiled pleasantly, and that's how I usually knew we were in danger "Then when you're done reciting the major points we've covered today, you can start running laps around the estate. Clearly, you have some energy you need to burn off. A thousand should do for a start."

We groaned, but neither of us tried arguing - I'd learned that lesson after the one time I'd tried, and he doubled the number.

Honestly, I was just glad that all his classes were in Greek, because otherwise I'd have fried my circuits and had whatever was left of my brain melting out of my ears trying to keep up through my dyslexia.

After the regular lessons, we'd cycle through outdoor activities - a different one every day.

Sword and spearmanship practice against the rock golems was going well. Chiron liked to drill us until my arms felt like they were going to drop off and my legs stopped moving altogether - and that was on a good day - but it was paying off quickly.

It only took a few spars before I could hold and train with a sword without feeling like an idiot waving around a Halloween prop, and I got even better with a spear that much faster - I think the fact that it doubled over as a throwing weapon helped me take to it more.

Physical conditioning got more intense, too. Sometimes we'd go for laps around the house and go through enough calisthenics reps - push-ups, sit-ups, crunches, and all that - to make a professional bodybuilder cry, and other times Chiron would teleport us out into the middle of the wilderness and have us run through different terrains until we collapsed in breathless exhaustion, every time.

No monster scorpions with anger issues since the first one though, so that was a plus, but that didn't mean he'd stopped shooting us

Oh no - Not even when we were done training.

Whether we were in the house or within a hundred miles of it, post-training or right smack dab in the middle of it, the old centaur liked to spring in sneak attacks out of nowhere, just to keep us on our feet.

That, or he just enjoyed smacking us around.

I prefer not to think about it.

"One must always be prepared."

"We get it!" I yelled as we desperately hopped out of the way of his staff - five minutes after we were finished running and getting pelted by the aftermath of his arrows. "Stop hitting us already!"

"Stop getting hit." He countered reasonably, then he whacked me in the face and sent me sprawling into the dirt right before he swept out Sairaorg's legs and launched him into the nearby river before his back even hit the ground. "It's quite a bad habit, but I'll break it out of you yet."

"Please don't." I hissed, nursing the welt running down my face and the beginnings of a swollen jaw - they'd heal by the tomorrow, but they still hurt. "And I think Sairaorg might be drowning."

No, seriously.

He hadn't come up yet, and it's not like Chiron ever really removed the Lesser Curse Of Atlas from us - he just dialled the intensity of it up and down depending on what kind of training we were doing.

Or what kind of mood he was in.

"Indeed he might be." Chiron nodded and stroked his beard thoughtfully. "Well, go help him then."

And then he flicked a finger and threw me into the river after him, which, really, I should have seen coming.

Turns out Sairaorg was just holding his breath and taking an underwater break, the absolute genius, but I guess Chiron must have figured that out before I did, because he waited just until we clambered back onto shore before grabbing us both by the scruffs of our necks and tossing us right back in again.

Then he froze the water solid behind us.

On the bright side - literally - I figured out how to emit sunlight and warmth that quickly spiralled up into scorching heat in my panic when the air started running out, and Sairaorg had his fists, so between the two of us we managed to get out real quick, and with only a teensy bit of hypothermia for the road.

Success!

Sure, we had to go through it three more times before we were allowed to collapse, each tougher than the last, but that was just Chiron being Chiron.

Case in point - Sairaorg and I didn't always train together. Sometimes, we'd get pulled apart for individual practice.

For me, that was archery.

Chiron would use his magic to animate all kinds of different targets for me to shoot - floating scoring boards, more golems, and little miniature creatures constantly skittering about whatever field he took me to train in.

And they didn't exactly just still still and let me take them out, either.

The first time we practiced, Chiron didn't even give me a heads-up that they hit back, so I'd barely drawn back my bowstring before I had to duck underneath the honest-to-dad javelin that had come sailing for my face like its owner had a score to settle.

"Crap-!" I turned to Chiron, wide-eyed. "A little warning next time!?"

"Of course not."

Then he smacked me over the head.

"Ow!"

"Don't ask stupid questions. No enemy will sit still and let you take aim at them."

"I just wasn't ready for it."

"You won't always be. Learn to adapt or suffer the consequences."

Fair enough.

"I got it." I rubbed the top of my head gingerly and eyed his staff warily. "You know, that thing is going to give me permanent brain damage one of these days, and then you're going to feel really bad about it."

Or at least I hoped

"I'll try to find some way to live with the pain." Chiron said dryly "Then again, seeing as you don't seem to use that brain regardless, damaging it shouldn't make much of a difference at all."

"..."

"..."

"... I'm just going to start shooting now."

"I'd be disappointed if you didn't. Are you ready?"

I turned around and glanced at all the targets just waiting for me to make a move.

The closest were hundreds of meters away, the kind of shots world champions would only manage to make once in a blue moon, maybe, and the farthest were so distant they might as well have been a mile off - heck, some of them were probably farther away than even that.

Chiron raised a brow expectantly when I glanced back at him.

A while ago I'd have said that pulling them off would be impossible, but I was a demigod who was finally figuring things out, so I just grinned up at him and nocked an arrow.

"I said I got this, didn't I?"

"That's the right attitude." Chiron nodded approvingly, which made me puff up a little right up until I heard the next words coming out of his mouth. "Try to keep it up for what comes next."

I took a step back, but I didn't even have time to ask before the clouds gathered up above us and darkened like the beginnings of an ominous thunderstorm.

"Chiron..."

"I'd start running in three, two-"

"Oh, come on!"

"-one."

I was already moving right as the clouds shuddered and started raining hail stones the size of golf balls, and that would have been bad enough, only the stupid things came down in a torrential downpour and exploded like miniature grenades the second they hit the ground, pelting me with blasts of condensed force and shards of ice even as I ran around avoiding them and trying to fire my arrows off like an absolute lunatic.

"A good archer should seek a vantage point, but never sacrifice mobility! Never hold a single position for too long!"

"Why are you like this!?"

I yelled at him some more as I scrambled around, and he just laughed.

...​

In other breaking news, Sairaorg started training with an axe.

It wasn't actually that big a deal - We'd been talking during one of the rare afternoons where Chiron let us go off into the city to mess around, and after we hit the cinema and caught a movie, I ended up ribbing him over the fact that I was training with three weapons and he was falling behind at only two.

I was only joking, but it lit this competitive fire under him, so the next day he marched right up to Chiron and asked for another weapon, and our teacher just shrugged and told him to pick whatever he wanted from the armory - though I think he was a little please about it too.

Sairaorg came back ten minutes later with this mean-looking double-edged axe held in his hands, determination gleaming in his eyes and everything, and from then on whenever I was practicing my archery he was going at it with the rock golems and getting scarily good at using the thing just as quickly as I was picking up the spear, even if he still preferred his fists over everything else.

Heck, even Courage was getting in on the training action - My canine buddy started joining us on our runs and dodge practice a few mornings in out of the blue, keeping at it even when it looked like he was going to croak a couple of times, and after a while the little menace was holding his own and matching our pace just fine.

As the days turned into weeks, and then the first couple of months passed by, my senses got sharper, my skills grew, and I was getting stronger, faster, tougher - just all around better than what I was before.

We all were, and it was all coming up golden.

And then things kicked up a notch.

...​

It started during one of our Pankration lessons.

If you don't know what that is, think mixed martial arts, only it was brutal - it was part of the Olympics in Ancient Greece, and the only rules in its time were no biting and no eye-gouging.

Anything else was fair game if it meant taking down your opponent, and even back then people thought you were either desperate for glory or straight nuts for stepping into that ring even if they loved the spectacle of it - people regularly came out of it with broken limbs and mangled body parts, and that stuff was a lot harder to treat back then even if you had healers who knew what they were doing or were rich enough to afford them.

For regular mortals back in the day, there was a very fine line not to cross even if you were in it for the fun of it - Get hurt past a certain point, and nothing short of magic or a god taking pity on you was putting you back together again.

We didn't have that problem.

I darted forward, throwing a left hook, but Sairaorg powered through it, ducking low and coming up with a quick jab to my chest. I stumbled back and recovered quickly, flashing him a grin as we circled around each other.

"Stay light on your feet." Chiron's voice rolled over us from where he was standing off to the side, supervising with Courage plopped down beside him for a nap. "If you're pinned down, the odds of you slipping your opponent's hold drop abysmally."

No need to tell me twice.

I'd done a lot to bridge the gap, but Sairaorg still packed a meaner punch than I did, and he was absolutely the better grappler. I kept making the mistake of getting too close during the first few spars we'd had, and he'd taken me down and forced me to eat so much dirt it was a miracle I wasn't half-plant and growing roots already.

I was better at playing keep-away, though.

"You're getting comfortable, Sai." I ducked out of his range as he swung for my head again. "Slowing down there! Are you even trying anymore?"

He grinned right back, cocking his fists.

"What, like I have to? When you keep running away?" He abruptly charged ten steps forward and nearly managed to tackle me off my feet. "Why waste the effort!?"

"Hah!"

His next charge brought him right into my space, and the details blurred a little as we locked into the fight.

See, Chiron walked us through all kinds of basic moves, but Pankration wasn't about just the moves - once you got going, it was all one part reflex, one part control, and just the right sort of timing.

Deflect, dodge, slip and strike.

Sweat beaded my brow and my knuckles started going numb as we kept at it. I feinted a right hook after eating a particularly nasty punch to the gut, only to slide a quick uppercut under his guard and graze his ribs, and his eyes narrowed.

He lunged towards me again and would have toppled me over for sure if I hadn't backpedaled hard, and then he tried to leap after me before I could put up my hands again.

And that's when it happened.

Sairaorg cocked back his fist, and the air around him suddenly shimmered like a heat haze in a desert, glowing with an off-white shine that charged even the breath in my lungs with pressure - like the staticky feeling of Chiron's magic right before he dropped lightning bolt arrows on us or lobbed fireballs our way on a whim, but not quite right.

Everything seemed to slow down glacially as my instincts blared like a car horn at the back of my head, and I only had a split second to react, which probably saved my life.

I dropped flat - not a dodge, but a full-on sprawl to the grass as Sairaorg threw out his fist with a yell, and the world promptly exploded.

The air displaced with a crack and a howl, the ground trembled, and a cone of pure force blasted out in a fearsome pulse and carved a trench through the garden behind me. Soil and formerly solid ground rained down from above as the aftershocks of the blow threw them so high into the air that they just about replaced the clouds for a few seconds there, and when it was all over and done with, the two of us just stared, slack-jawed.

It was like looking at the aftermath of a meteor strike, not a freaking punch.

"...Sairaorg, what even...?"

I couldn't even get out the words, and it wasn't fear - stuff going boom in my immediate vicinity was nothing I hadn't already gotten used to around here - but utter disbelief instead.

Where the hell had that come from?

"I don't know?" He sounded as stunned as I felt, glancing at down fists like they were strange and alien creatures he'd just discovered attached to his wrists. Then he clenched them and inhaled sharply when they flared with that faint white glow all over again. "What is this?"

"The next step in your training." Chiron cut in, and both of us turned to him as he trotted up to us - and even if his expression was pretty level, I could tell that he was excited just from the sheer focus in the look he gave us. "It seems that it's time to push onto a new frontier. Today is a good day."

I've said it before, but it's worth a repeat - whenever Chiron does or says something like that, it's usually a sign that we were about to be introduced to some new-fangled and absolutely terrifying method of training I'd be feeling all over for the next week, but given that Sairaorg had just come way too close to knocking my head off for comfort, I was a little distracted.

Sue me.

"You have ten minutes to freshen yourselves up." He clapped his hands decisively, and we were both startled as he gestured back up to the house. "It's time for a rather special lesson."

...​

"Magic - what is it?"

Sairaorg and I sat on the ground, cross-legged on the grass as Chiron slowly settled into full lecture mode. He didn't look surprised when both of us gave him clueless looks.

To be fair, what exactly was I supposed to say?

It's the stuff that lets you make food appear out of nowhere and teleport and shoot arrows that explode at us?

He'd totally whack me for that one.

"Magic, magical energy, or mana among a thousand other words roughly refer to the same concept," Chiron said, pointing at the familiar chalkboard that materialized in front of us at the gesture. As he spoke, the words scribbled themselves out in neat little lines. "There is a great deal of debate between various different schools of thought, but the most commonly accepted - if vastly simplified and incomplete - theory centres around the belief that magical energy is the innate potential of any living being to alter the world around them made manifest, crystalized into tangible power through the inner workings of the soul."

He stopped there for a second to check that we were keeping up, which we... kind of were.

"Whether that potential is derived and watered down from the greater world itself or from other mechanisms within it is also up for debate, with wildly different answers depending on who you might happen to ask, but that level of thesis is irrelevant to either of you at this point."

That was good to hear - this was already threatening to get confusing fast, and we'd barely started. From the way he shifted next to me, I could tell that Sairaorg was just as relieved.

"One thing to keep in mind for future reference is that the exact properties and workings of magical energy can vary by species - different beings generally express that potential in different ways."

"I know about that!" Sairaorg blurted out and sat up a little. "It's why angels have their Holy Power, and devils have Demonic Power - they're both magic, but they're total opposites."

Chiron nodded with a smile.

"A good example, though the exact natures of the Abrahamic Holy Power and its counterpart are more complex than just that."

"Eh?

"Don't worry about it - it's a discussion for another day." He turned back to the chalkboard "While the magical arts cover the most widely used form of intrinsic power in the supernatural theatre, they are not the only source of it. Far from it, in fact."

A new couple of words appeared right on top.

Life-force

Chiron seemed amused by our blank looks.

"Any guesses?"

"..." I squinted up at him suspiciously. "...If I say 'it's what keeps us alive', are you going to hit me?"

"I'll let it slide just this once, because you're technically correct."

I'll take it!

"Think of it this way - If magic is the energy used to change reality around oneself, life force is the energy used to sustain oneself. It does, in fact, keep you alive, but that's the very least of what it can be used to achieve under the right circumstances. The soul is an efficient machine that runs on the bare minimum of a living being's life force, and this leaves a wellspring of untapped power in reserve."

He gave Sairaorg a very pointed look.

"A reserve that, once discovered, can be used to bolster and reinforce the soul, and in turn the body, resulting in an explosive growth of physical strength and capability - and that's simply to begin with."

Sairaorg's eyes lit up.

"Is that what I did?"

Chiron nodded

"You told me that you were born with an abysmal degree of Demonic Power, yes?"

My friend grimaced, but he didn't flinch away from the truth.

"I have reserves so pathetic I'll never be able to use them for anything useful. It's why I got disinherited."

... and now I wanted to punch someone, but that's really a thought for later.

"It's fine though!" Sairaorg smiled and clenched a fist fiercely. "I've gotten strong without it!"

"Indeed." Chiron agreed and matched his smile. "The absence of interference or distraction by inherited magical power likely contributed to it - you pushed your body to the brink for years, always searching for more strength, and in doing so you managed to become tangentially aware of the shape of your soul, in part, and your own base of life - Touki, as it's commonly known by the avid practitioners of the east."

"Touki." Sairaorg had stars in his eyes as he memorized the word, and I grinned a little as I nudged him with my elbow.

"So you figured out how to use your life force by accident... and the first thing you do is nearly end my life?"

"Ah." He laughed sheepishly. "Sorry?"

I pretended to scowl at him before shrugging it off.

"What's a little near-murder between friends?"

"Oh, that strike would have hardly killed you. You're more durable than you think." Chiron said absently, then he paused. "Though I will admit that it would have almost certainly done terrible things to your skull... and very likely your spine."

"...It was funny five seconds ago," I said flatly. "It's not funny anymore."

"You'd have walked it off eventually." Chiron hummed dismissively, and then he turned back to Sairaorg before I could start protesting and brooding over my mortality. "Moving on - tapping into your base of life is only the first step. With the proper training, you can cultivate that reserve and grow it to even further heights. By reinforcing your body and soul, you will also learn to shrug off the effects of conventional and certain greater magics, and heal physical wounds depending on their severity. In time, you can even begin to draw in and manipulate ambient life force from your environment, and disrupt that of your enemies to cripple them - this and more fall under the art that is, once again, most commonly practiced in the East and referred to as Senjutsu."

Forget about stars - by the time Chiron was done talking, Sairaorg had entire galaxies seared into his eyes, and he was vibrating so hard you'd think he was about to bounce up into orbit.

"How do we start!?"

"Don't get overexcited." He cautioned. "This new achievement can lead you to great heights of power, but it can and has been the downfall of many. There are cautionary tales of practitioners who damage their bodies and even sacrifice their lifespans in an effort to grow too quickly.

"Yikes," I muttered, and Sairaorg simmered down a little.

"I understand. I'll be careful." He promised, and then he shrugged a little and grinned again "And besides, I'm a devil! Even if I lose a little lifespan, I have tons to spare!"

"..."

It was about five seconds into the silence that followed that Sairaorg realized he may have said something stupid.
"Wait..."

In his defence, I'm pretty sure that was a joke, but from the look on Chiron's face, I don't think he cared.

"Um..." Sairaorg swallowed nervously when Chiron's stare didn't soften. "I mean-"

"It seems," We both froze at the way our teacher's tone came out - totally level as was usual, and yet somehow still the stuff of nightmares. I wouldn't be surprised if he practiced that in the mirror. "-that I must teach you self-preservation as well."

He smiled.

"Very well."

"It's time to start training your base of life, student." He snapped his fingers, and Sairaorg hissed sharply and nearly buckled over as the strength of the Lesser Curse Of Atlas increased so sharply I could see him starting to sink into the ground from all the extra pressure. "Start running laps for now."

"... How many?"

"Oh, let's start easy. Twenty-"

Sairaorg perked up hopefully.

"-thousand should do."

"Hrk!"

"And they had better be completed inside of an hour, or else..."

"...Or else what?" Sairaorg whispered as he trailed off, like he was rightfully afraid of the answer but couldn't help but ask anyway.

Chiron leaned forward to loom over him a little, still looking downright genial.

"Use your imagination."

Sairaorg thought about that for a second, paled, shot me a terrified look and then took off so fast I swear he left flashing afterimages behind as he disappeared into the distance.

"Now then." Chiron turned back to me after nodding in satisfaction, and I had to resist the urge to scram and run after Sairaorg. "Let's talk about Divine Thaumaturgy."

"...What in the what now?"

"I imagine you want to follow along in his footsteps and find your own base of life."

I opened my mouth, then closed it again with a nod.

Because... yeah.

I wasn't stupid - Sairaorg had just leveled up, big time, and even if it meant that Chiron was going to start upping the ante too, I wanted in on that.

"It's not going to be easy, is it?" I sighed, but I wasn't really put out by it. "Where do I start?"

Like hell was I falling behind now.

"The method he used is unlikely to bear the same results for you - not in a reasonable time frame," Chiron said bluntly, and I frowned. "Pure physical stress is an unreliable tool as a matter of principle, and even more so for a demigod. Hence, Divine Thaumaturgy."

"Still don't know what that means."

"In essence? It is a subtype of the magical arts reserved almost exclusively for demigods and those empowered by divine means - priests, godly messengers and the like." He explained. "A god's divine grace isn't simply potent magical energy - It carries within it imprints of that god's domains and authorities, and mortals blessed with such power can use it to mimic their properties in the form of spells and lesser magical phenomena."

The chalkboard cleared itself out as he waved a hand and another word appeared in their place.

Faith.

"A child of Zeus, for example, might call down lighting and storms with nothing but sheer will and instinct, but they can do more than that - they might sing hymns, dedicate prayers, and use words of belief among other tools as catalysts to resonate with the divine power within them and bring forth greater or more esoteric feats of power into the world even in the middle of a battle."

He glanced down at me.

"Are you with me so far?"

"I think so?" It wasn't that hard to keep up, just yet, even if he was starting to branch into headache-inducing territory. "God power likes to do god stuff, and you can use prayers and things like them as... magic words? To pull off crazier or weirder stunts?"

"Essentially. I told you before that faith in yourself makes you stronger, but faith in your father and the inheritance you derive through him will let you achieve things I doubt you can even imagine. Tell me - what are lord Apollon's domains?"

I blinked.

Didn't we just cover this a couple of weeks back?

"The Sun." That was the obvious one. "Light. Archery and Marksmanship. Prophecy and Divination. Youth, Healing and Plagues. Music, Arts and Poetry. Some kinds of Truth and Knowledge, and some other stuff too, right?"

"Correct."

Fun fact?

My dad has a stupid number of divine domains - so many that even the Greeks were probably getting really confused about it back in the day.

Hey, Joe, whose the god of basketweaving again?

I dunno, man. Isn't it Apollo? It's always Apollo!

Man, I kinda hate that guy.

Shut up or you'll get us smote, you idiot!

You get the idea

"But how does that help... oh."

It hit me like a freight train.

Divine power from a god can be used to mimic that god's domains... and I had a boatload of stuff to choose from there.

"Oh."

"Now you're getting it." Chiron laughed at the look on my face. "You've barely scratched the surface of your potential even if you've begun to manifest intrinsic abilities tied to it - supernatural marksmanship, the ability to sense projectile weapons heading your way within a growing range, an instinctive if untrained capacity to heal and the power to emit and manipulate sound and sunlight to various degrees."

I felt myself sit up in excitement as the implications started catching up to me.

"I can do more."

"Far more." He agreed.

"And this'll help me use my life-force the way Sairaorg is learning to?"

"Daniel, your divine power is your life-force - or part of it, at the very least. Demigods are born from divinity, which means that inheritance occupies a grey area between ordinary magical potential and life force and blurs the line between both. Train it, cultivate it, and you'll elevate every aspect of yourself with it."

...

Well, then.

My grin was starting to hurt from how wide it was getting.

How about that?

"Where do we start?" I asked again, and this time Chiron held out a hand towards me. An enormous book appeared over his palm, leather-bound and little dog-eared at the edges, and I grunted at its weight when I caught it.

"Get to reading."

"...Seriously?"

Chiron chuckled as I deflated.

"That is a compendium of old and relatively new recountings focusing on Lord Apollon's great works, as well as examples of applications of Divine Thaumaturgy commonly used over by priests in service to him - even a few of his children from centuries long past have relied or contributed to some of them."

I perked up again.

That sounded awesome.

Sure, they weren't actually my siblings - Apollo and Apollon were technically different beings, but only by degrees.

This could be huge.

"Learn them, and take inspiration from the feats within, and we'll see just how far you grow."

"Right."

"But first, join Sairaorg on his run."

"Wait, what?" I panicked. Don't blame me, half the people my age I know would run away screaming if someone tried to make them run twenty thousand laps around an estate as big as Chiron's."But you just said-!"

"Unless of course you think that you simply can't keep up, now that Sairaorg has moved on to the next level of his training."

"..."

"..."

My eyes narrowed.

Chiron smiled back.

"...See, the thing is, I know you're playing me." I scowled. "But damn it, it's working."

He was still chuckling when I took off after handing him the book and letting him turn up the curse until it was just about ungodly in it's force, but what else was new?

...​

Of course, it wasn't all smooth sailing from then on.

"SAIRAORG, I'M GOING TO KILL YOU!"

"YOU ASKED ME TO HELP!"

"NOT LIKE THIS!" I yelled over the screaming winds, and we started tumbling down to the ground... which was some ten thousand feet below the clouds underneath us.

Let me back up a bit.

Chiron gave me the book and told me to train with it.

So naturally, the first thing I did with it was try and figure out how to fly.

What?

Flying is cool, my friend could do it and I wanted to as well... only it turned out that just wanting to spring up into the air really hard isn't enough to make a son of Apollo pull a Peter Pan.

So I asked Sairaorg to help me out with it - and I meant help me brainstorm ways to figure it out.

The compendium Chiron had given me had all sorts of stories, prayers, hymns, and songs dedicated to Apollon that could be used as inspiration to pull off every trick you could imagine, from bringing the 'grace of the sun' from above - whatever that meant - to spreading plagues - which was kinda cool in a horrifying way - but nothing explicitly about flight, and I'd gone through a fifth of it by the time I started trying.

"Look deeper," Chiron advised when I tried to ask for his help. "And don't be afraid to get creative with your interpretations. The words are secondary to will and faith."

Will and faith - he kept going on and on about those, but something in my mind hadn't clicked yet, so I had the bright idea to turn to Sairaorg for a hand.

In hindsight, the sly look on his face should have clued me in on the fact that he was planning something, but I was too eager to try something new to defend myself.

"I can show you what flying is like for me, if you want?"

"Yeah, that might help, actually," I said, then I faltered. "Wait, show-?"

Too late.

I couldn't turn around fast enough before Sairaorg cackled and tackled me, unfurled his wings, and shot up right into the sky with me, dangling me over the ground by the ankles.

"GOT YOU! NOWHERE TO GO THIS TIME!"

"SAIRAORG!"

It was like rising up a drop tower at a carnival upside down and doing it a thousand miles an hour, so I was perfectly justified in setting his clothes halfway on fire and giving him a nasty sunburn the second he got us back down again.

It didn't stop him from laughing and running all over before I managed to chase him back into the house - and then Chiron caught us tracking dirt and soot into his living room, and made us clean the entire place, top to bottom...with toothbrushes.

Seriously, I couldn't make this up if I tried.

Even Courage wanted nothing to do with it - he padded into the room chewing on a bone Chiron must have given him, took one look at us hunched over and scrubbing down spots on the marble floor with the little things and zipped right back out again.

"Traitor!"

...​

I kept at it for a week, with no results... until I had the bright idea to wake up early one day and sit outside in the garden to watch the sunrise, and see if that did anything for me.

I'd like to say I had a plan going going for, but honestly?

It was totally just a whim - most of the things I was learning now on using my powers were more spiritual and abstract and just plain old weird instead of logical, so it couldn't hurt to try something like this, right?

Right?

...

Okay, fine, I'll admit it - I felt really dumb in the first half-hour leading up to it, and then I started reciting some of the lines from a few of the poems in the compendium I'd memorised under my breath for the heck of it.

"Glittering, Wise, Father of Light."

"Behold Burning Warmth, The Fire Of The Rising Sun."

I was throwing around anything out at that point - and then the first rays of sunlight started rising in the distance, and it was like a flip had been switched.

I jolted so sharply you'd think that someone had hooked me up to a car battery, my instincts went into overdrive, and the ordinarily subtle glow that covered me when I used my powers burst out in a megawatt flash of radiance so brilliant that for a second, it was as if another dawn had come out to match the one on the horizon.

Holy crap.

"Gleaming In A Sea of Orange And Rose"

"Thy Chariot Rises... And Now So Will I"

That last part wasn't part of that poem, or any other.

I didn't even know how that poem ended - I made those words up on the spot, based entirely on what I wanted.

Will and Faith, right?

I looked up the sun, rising in the distance.

Constant, steady, and inevitable.

I'm the same, I told the little piece of a different kind of sun I imagined was burning away inside of me, and I want up.

The world held it's breath with me for a beat... and then it finally decided to play ball, and my feet began to rise over the ground.

"Yes!"

...​

Another quarter-hour later, and Sairaorg walked out the front door, ready for his morning run.

But he sure wasn't ready for me, and the squawking sound he made as I flew in from behind the house and slammed into him so hard he face-planted into the dirt was hilarious.

Or maybe that was just my sheer euphoria doing the heavy lifting, but who even cares?

I could freaking fly!

He came right back up a second later, expression scrunched in disgust as he spat out a mouthful of dirt before it went slack in shock when he stared up at me and realized what he was seeing.

"Dan!?"

I hooted down at him from above, wreathed in a shimmer of pulsing, glowing light, laughing like a total basket case - and man did it feel good.

"Got you back, sucker!"

For a second, there was only stunned surprise there, and then his eyes lit up in matching delight.

"Oh, it's on."

His wings unfurled, he leaped up after me, and we were both dots rising into the morning sky again by the time Chiron padded out, fresh mug of tea in hand and a bemused look on his face.

Courage came out after him, head turning this way and that in search for his master, and then he caught sight of him up above and did a double-take.

"Impressive, isn't it?"

The hellhound barked in disbelief, and the centaur shrugged.

"I suppose you wouldn't know, would you? Take it from me - their progress is quite remarkable, especially in this softer day and age. That aside, they do seem to have forgotten about their morning classes." He clicked his tongue. "Foolish students. I'm going to have to teach them another lesson for that."

Or so he said, but his smile didn't abate.

They'd come down eventually - he could let them enjoy their flight before he smacked them back down to reality.

Just this once.

...​

At the same time, deep in Daniel Winchester's soul, a nascent ember crackled, popped, and slowly grew into a S̵̻͐̔̾̈́̕p̸͉͂̓̅a̸͙͓̋̀̕̚͘r̷̫̭̦͖̅͝ḵ̸̰̑͂̑

...

Chiron to his students: The Most Important thing is not to get hit.


Also Chiron:

https://imgur.com/RCC27Am

Next Chapter: Revelations

As always, leave your comments and ideas and if you don't like it, please be courteous.
Last edited: Mar 17, 2025
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Darkplayer35, Ender Wiggen and 1,097 others
Firewillreign
Mar 16, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks We Go On An Unexpected Side-Quest
View content
Firewillreign
Firewillreign
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 26, 2023
Messages888
Likes received82,880
Mar 23, 2025
Add bookmark
#309
The second I realized I was dreaming again - and I don't mean the regular kind either - I knew it wasn't going to go well.

Call it a hunch.

I was walking down a hallway I didn't recognize, dark but vaguely homey, when I turned the corner into a dining room and found myself looking at my family for the first time in months.

The four of them sat around the dinner table, digging into their meal and enjoying the food - or at least Alex was, munching and giggling away at a story Uncle David was telling.

Aunt Sarah was probably trying to do the same with Katie, but my little cousin kept staring down at her plate sullenly and occasionally nudging her casserole around without ever stopping to take a mouthful.

"Katie, don't play with your food."

"I'm not hungry."

"Won't you at least try to eat?" My aunt smiled, but it looked a little tight around the edges "We're finally moving back home tomorrow, and if you don't fill up now you won't be able to help us move your things back into your room."

"Okay."

My aunt frowned at the lackluster response and lifted her head a little to give my uncle a pointed look.

"Katie, sweetie." He sighed gently, and I realized that he sounded tired as he turned away from Alex, and looked like it too in a way that I couldn't quite put my finger on. "What's wrong?"

"What about Danny?"

He froze, and my aunt went stiff. Even Alex stopped eating and started biting her lip the way she always did when she was halfway between confused and upset.

"Honey, we talked about this." This time my uncle's smile was so fake you could have slapped a made-in-china sticker on it and sold it for a dollar. "We're still looking for your cousin."

She scowled. "That's what you always say!"

"Please don't raise your voice-"

There was a sharp clatter as she pushed her chair away from the table and ran out of the room.

"Katie!"

She didn't stop running, and I watched her bolt down the hallway and into a room that must have been hers before slamming the door shut hard enough to rattle the hinges and locking it behind her for good measure.

By the time my aunt caught up and started knocking frantically and trying to get Katie to let her in, she'd already curled up on the bed and burrowed under the covers like a caterpillar - not that it helped much, in the end.

I could still see her shaking under there and hear her sobbing quietly, and watching that happen and knowing what it was all about left me feeling a special kind of miserable too complicated to put into words.

I tried to reach out to her, even with a part of me knowing that it was a dream and totally useless, and just as the tips of my fingers brushed against her blanket, everything seemed to glitch and the room began to shudder ominously.

Suddenly, I was ten feet away from her and getting farther every second.

"!"

Calling out didn't work either, just the same as before. My mouth opened and closed silently as I tried to get to her - everything I could see was distorting like it was being reflected through a funhouse mirror, and when I tried to push past that despite myself, it was all over.

One second, I was reaching out again.

The next, the room was coming apart and splintering at the seams, dissolving into this sea of overlapping colors and shapes too big and too weird to imagine, closing in on me from all directions-

...​

-Then I woke up.

...

If that felt too abrupt for you, good.

That's exactly what it was like for me to go from that dream and whatever that was in the end to finding myself inhaling lightly and sitting up in bed, still blinking phantom spots out of my eyes.

One glance out the window and I could tell that it was still a few hours before dawn, and Courage was rumbling away at the foot of the bed where he slept.

Okay then.

Same old, same old for me.

For the first little while, I just... breathed, slowly, and thought about what I saw.

Considered it a bit.

Then I got angry.

No, scratch that.

I got furious - zero to a hundred like greased lightning, the kind of stupid rage that made you want to punch a brick wall bare-handed, even if you knew in your heart of hearts that you'd probably just come out of it with a smarting fist at best.

And this time there was no dreaming barrier to filter it out.

I hated seeing my cousins cry, especially when it was because of me.

Look, I'm no saint - sometimes I'd mess around, play a prank or tease a little too much here or there, and there'd be tears, but I always ended up feeling guilty about it, and I could fix things when it happened.

Something close to a third of the allowance I saved up basically had Katie and Alex's names stamped on it for those rainy days when I had to bribe the little extortionists with Jolly Ranchers and figurines from the corner store near the house to cheer them up again, but this...

I gritted my teeth.

I couldn't fix this, and that little tidbit was driving me up a wall and a half even as I tossed the covers off and got up out of bed to pace across the room and back.

You'd think that after eight months of training under Chiron, helplessness would be easy to push past, but apparently not.

Not this kind.

Homesickness wasn't new to me, and I kept pushing it down every time it came up with training, but after that dream...

My fists clenched.

I wished I could visit, even if it was just for a minute.

Just once.

Click.

It was like a switch had been flipped somewhere in my head, and I lit up with a glow of golden light before I could blink and figure out what was happening.

Everything happened way too fast after that.

This instinct took over me - like the kind I got when I practiced my archery or flew or healed a bruise after a spar with Sairaorg without even having to think about it - and for the first time in my life I realized there was something inside of me besides the Apollo-themed divinity and all the perks that came with it.

A Spark.

As soon as I discovered it, the moment I actually reached for it, it started thrumming under my skin like a second heartbeat.

Then...

Look, I blame the residual drowsiness of sleep and my lizard brain taking over for doing something so reckless.

I need to go home.

That's all it took.

I wasn't thinking about anything else the way I probably should have been, and I didn't have to either. I knew what it was. I knew what it could do, and what I wanted it to do, and it just did it.

The Spark ignited, and every cell in my body lit up like a fire-cracker with it. Space in front and around me followed suit a split-second before it bubbled and twisted, and then reality itself began to swirl into a miniature cyclone with me as the eye of the storm.

I heard Courage bark, suddenly wide awake and darting towards me in a startled panic, but it was hard to focus on him right then and there.

Not when I felt like I was hurtling over a precipice to something unfathomably vast and horrendously dangerous at a million miles an hour and about to drop any minute.

It was exhilarating, and also the most terrifying thing I've ever felt yet.

Familiar, too.

The part of me that wasn't struggling to think as the instincts took over remembered exactly what that night after that hellhound nearly filleted me - the bits of It that I could make sense of, at least, and I knew how it was I'd gotten to this world in the first place at last.

And how to get.

Back.

Home.

Courage barked again, I took one step forward, and we blinked right out of existence.

...​

Colors everywhere - only this time, the difference was like going from dealing with the glare of a flashlight to having a flashbang go off right in your face - and then it kept happening, over and over and over again.

As for the rest... well.

Words wouldn't do it justice.

Courage and I went tumbling, or flying, or something vaguely related to the idea of movement through nothing but pure chaos.

Everywhere I looked - and I looked everywhere, because I couldn't not - there was only an endless, swirling expanse of energy. Strings of brilliant light crisscrossed the space around me, impossible shapes the size of stars and galaxies flickering and fading out in ways that just felt wrong to however much of my senses I could still recognize, overwhelming me just long enough to hurt before shimmering away to let even greater things take their place.

It was the sound that was the most eerie, though. When I wasn't hearing something that couldn't possibly be noise but somehow counted anyway, there was emptiness - the kind of silence that felt alive, as if the universe itself was holding its breath and waiting.

I didn't want to know for what.

Home

I focused on that, knowing that was why we were still moving and the fact that something bad would happen if I lost sight of it - I didn't want to know what that was, either.

Several blinding eternities later, space flattened out, and I tumbled back down into reality and onto my knees on the floor of a room I'd never once been in with a gasp.

"...Son of a..." I whispered under my breath, head ducked so low my forehead was only half an inch off the ground. "That was..."

You ever felt so many things at once that the burns you out and left you numb?

Well, I hope there's room left on that boat, because that's what it felt like for me those first few minutes - already past the disbelief and the awe and the more-than-mild case of existential dread and right into this strange 'huh, so that happened' kind of calm.

I'd probably circle back to the well-deserved freakout sometime later, but not losing it immediately was probably for the best.

There was a thump as Courage slumped down next to me, a disorientated whine slipping past his jaws. By the time I glanced over at him he'd already gone immaterial, dissolving into darkness and melding into my shadow the way he tended to these days whenever he was done putting up with stunts he didn't sign up for.

Honestly?

Fair enough.

I kind of wanted to melt away into darkness myself - that, or curl up into a ball and pass out for the next decade - but then a light clicked on, and I looked up and froze like a deer in headlights in the same breath.

Katie stared back, just as stunned, hand still pressed against the switch of her night light, and the silence between us as she wriggled out of her blanket cacoon to get a better look at me was so loaded you could almost hear the awkward cricket noises going off in the background.

"...Danny?"

Her eyes were wider than dinner plates, and I saw her furiously rub the sleep out of them one at a time, always keeping one fixed on me like she was afraid I'd disappear if she blinked even once.

I...

I didn't know what to say.

I could barely believe this was happening at all.

Hey, I'm back?

Sorry I missed your ninth birthday?

Did you get a little taller?

...Okay, that last one was especially dumb, but you get the idea.

...

Screw it.

"Yeah, I got nothing." I shrugged and smiled shakily, before raising my arms out in an open invitation "Hiya pipsqueak. Hug?"

There was a pause.

Maybe I should have gone with-

"DANNY!"

-nope, never mind.

"Oof!"

I grunted as a little blonde missile shot off the bed and into me with enough force to put one of Chiron's arrows to shame, and then she was bawling into my shirt as I wrapped her in a hug and tried to swallow down this sudden and inexplicable lump in my throat the size of a friggin brick.

"W-Where were you?! You should have come back sooner!" She grabbed my shirt and tugged it around until the seams started tearing, but I didn't I couldn't have cared less about that if I tried. "Jerkface! Stinker!"

Scathing, right?

"Sorry," I croaked, and my eyes started stinging a little even as I pulled what had to be the stupidest-looking smile up onto my face. "I got a little caught up, but I missed you too."

That just made her cry louder, and her hug tightened even as she devolved into total gibberish. I only got about one in every five words, and a couple of them were ones I'm pretty sure Aunt Sarah would feed her half a bar of soap for if she heard.

Those were probably my fault, in hindsight, but hey - I sure wouldn't be telling.

Bang.

And just as soon as I thought that, the door to the room was kicked open hard enough that it cracked against the wall.

"GET AWAY FROM MY DAUGHTER YOU-!"

I wasn't sitting in the same spot anymore.

As soon as the door started moving, I was already on my feet and back up against the wall, cradling Katie in my arms and getting ready to dodge against and start counter-attacking on sheer reflex - the benefits of Chiron's training and all that, which means I got a perfect view of the exact second my aunt realized who it was holding her kid in his arms and choked mid-word.

Behind her, my uncle stumbled out of his frantic charge and nearly toppled them both over.

It would have actually been pretty funny if not for a couple of tiny details.

"Is that a shotgun?" I stared down at the weapon as she flinched and dropped it like a hot potato, because seriously? My aunt? "Did something happen while I was away?"

"Daniel?" You'd think my name was a prayer by the way she whispered it, and behind her, my uncle went pale as a ghost as he stumbled into the room. "David, is he-?"

"It's him." My uncle rasped, never once taking his eyes off of me. "No Mist."

My eyebrows rose even as I swallowed.

"Missed you too, Uncle David." And then, because I'm kind of a moron when it comes to priorities and we should never forget that, I got a good look at what he was holding and the certain sheen to it I recognized from my arrows and blurted out the first thing that came to mind. "And where the heck did you get a celestial bronze sword?"

"...Eight months, and that's the first thing you ask me?"

"...Well, we could talk about that terrible haircut if you want, but I figured I'd be polite."

"...you damned little-"

He rushed at me and I nearly dodged out of the way on principle, but there was no escaping the bone-crushing hug that nearly swept me off my feet. Katie started wiggling in my grip she tried to escape and save herself, the little traitor, but then my aunt joined in and and we were both goners.

And I guess that's when it hit me.

I was really home.

...​

The first hour and a half after the reunion was blurry.

I think I was still a little shell-shocked, and...

Okay, fine, I'll admit it - There was some crying involved.

Just a bit, and it doesn't count.

Eight months is a long time, alright?

Enough said.

Anyway, by the time all the embarrassing stuff was over and done with and I could think straight again, we'd already moved to this new place's living room.

Katie was out cold again, slumped over on the couch next to me with her head on my lap as I idly brushed back her hair, and my aunt and uncle sat across us on the other two-seater, looking ready to just sit there and watch over us forever.

"So," I cleared my throat when the silence got a little too old for comfort. "Who wants to go first?"

Not me.

Really not me - There was so much to get through and no easy way to get it over with, but I knew I probably didn't have much of a choice.

"Daniel." My uncle started, and he looked haggard. More than I realized through the dream - hair a little unkept, beard scruffy, and with bags under his eyes. "Where have you been?"

I winced.

Right for the throat, huh?

I wasn't sure what to say - my body tingled with warning when I thought about explaining all the details, even if it was probably just me wanting to avoid a messy conversation.

"Safe," I said after searching for the right word, then I added "I've been training. Getting stronger. Even made a couple of new friends."

His shoulders relaxed a little but his expression pulled oddly, like he couldn't decide whether or not he wanted to frown.

"We thought you were dead." Beside him, my aunt looked a little sick at the words. "You weren't at Camp Half-Blood."

It wasn't a question.

"...No. But I was still probably even safer than if I had been. I just couldn't call or come home before now or else I would have." Then I matched his frown with my own. "And how would you know that?"

He shifted uncomfortably, another look in his eyes I wasn't sure I liked.

"I checked."

"..."

"..."

"You... checked? Personally?"

"Yes."

I stared.

"Not a call, or-"

He shook his head, and I didn't know what to do with that.

My straight-laced, no-nonsense uncle... what?

Walked up to Camp Half-Blood's border and knocked at the metaphorical door or something?

"You weren't there. I checked and so did yo-" He cut himself off and shook his head again before giving me another hard look. "Where were you?"

"Someplace else. It's a long story, but..." I dodged the question and looked at him funny when he shifted again, like he was bracing for the my obvious next-ask and trying not to show it. "Look, Uncle David, how much do you know, exactly?"

And how?

Because I thought that... my mom might have clued him in on the big secret when I was a kid, but the pieces to that puzzle didn't fit anymore.

The go-bags he'd already had prepared way back when.

Talking about the Mist.

Visiting Camp Half-Blood.

The celestial bronze sword.

I was starting to think I was a lot farther out of the loop than I thought I was to begin with.

"About everything, I mean?"

My aunt and uncle exchanged this long, pointed look - and wasn't that suspicious - and then she stood up and smoothened out the creases in her dress the way she always did when she was worked up and trying not to show it.

"I'll go make us some tea."

She gave me this strained smile as she walked past and ruffled my hair firmly, her fingers lingering a little before she walked around the corner and into the kitchen.

"Daniel," My uncle hesitated like he was picking his words carefully. "You've learned about our world when you were gone."

Our world?

My eyes narrowed.

"Yeah?"

"Good." He nodded. "You know that your mother and I were twins, yes?"

"Duh."

"And do you know what a legacy is?"

Lega-

I blinked.

"No way."

"My mother - our mother - was a demigod." He said, and my face went slack in floored disbelief. "The goddess of crossroads, mists and magic is our grandmother, and your great-grandmother."

"What?"

He grimaced. "I won't risk using her name-"

No, really, what?

"I know who she is! That's not the big deal here!"

I heard the words, but it was like my brain refused to translate their meaning properly.

The goddess of crossroads and magic

I'd studied enough Greek mythology over the past few months that narrowing that down was as easy as breathing.

Hecate.

But that meant that my uncle... and my mom-!?

"I'm going to need a little more than that."

If I sounded a little strangled, it was totally justified.

"We grew up divided between both worlds." He explained quietly. "Our mother taught us what she thought we needed to know to keep ourselves safe, even if we weren't demigods and didn't face the same... challenges."

"Challenges?"

"Legacies don't attract monsters the same way demigods do, and whatever inheritance we have dilutes further with every generation down the line, but we were never entirely safe, either. Our mother kept us protected, and taught us how to handle ourselves before she died, but..." He paused and sighed, raising a hand to rub his eyes tiredly. "Your mother and I had our differences in how we went about our lives. I stepped back from all of this the moment I could, and she... didn't."

He chuckled ruefully.

"You could say that we came to the same crossroads, and we chose different paths forward. Do you remember what she did for a living?"

The question startled me, but what part of this conversation hadn't?

"She had a bunch of jobs that she went through, right?"

The look on his face did terrible things to my confidence in an answer that should have been clear-cut.

"Not always," He said bluntly. "Your mother dealt with the other side of this world far more than I ever did when we were younger - sometimes she hunted monsters that went out of their way to threaten mortals, and sometimes she worked with Camp Half-blood to protect and deliver demigods across the country into the fold when things got too dangerous for them."

I stared blankly.

"Mom did what now?"

He sighed again.

"I know it's a lot to take in-"

No, really?

"-but it's the truth."

He stressed the word like he was expecting me to come out and call him a liar - even though we both knew he was giving it to me straight.

My uncle had a terrible poker face.

Then again, he hid all of this from me for years and years, so what did I know?

"It's how she met your father. She saved one of his children years and years ago and that drew his attention."

... Right.

Apollo has other kids - Lots of them.

Who were also my siblings.

I let myself get distracted by that for a second before I shook my head and pushed it away for later.

"She had you afterward, and she finally took a page out of my book and left it all behind, mostly. The rest is history."

"...Okay then."

He looked at me funny for that, but he had no room to talk.

What else was I supposed to say?

Barely five minutes into the conversation and I was already reeling.

Then I looked at him - really looked at him - and realized there was another expression on his face that rubbed me the wrong way.

"What?

"Daniel... your mother... she didn't die in a car crash."

...

It was almost impressive, how one sentence less than ten words long could make a person go cold all over.

"What's that supposed to mean?"

It wasn't a whisper, but my voice came out low.

Not the kind of low you struggled to hear, though - no.

It was the kind you couldn't possibly miss, even if you were standing in the middle of a heavy metal concert with a thousand other people screaming out at the top of their lungs.

My uncle took one look at my face and his expression shuttered - he looked like he regretted ever saying a word.

"I don't know all the details, but she got a call from an old friend." He said, and sounded miserable as he did. "Something about another demigod who was being stalked by monsters and needed someone to get them to camp, and she agreed to help."

There was something that sounded vaguely like static building up at the back of my head the longer he spoke.

"She came over and dropped you off with us. You were supposed to spend the weekend with us before she came back to take you home, and then..."

I remembered.

How could I not?

You be good for your aunt and uncle, okay? I'll be back soon.

It was the only time she ever lied to me.

"What else?"

He stilled.

"What else aren't you telling me?"

I wasn't stupid - there was a reason he wasn't looking me in the eye when he spoke.

For a while, we just stared at each other across the room.

Then he swallowed and inhaled deeply.

"She asked for my help."

I stopped breathing.

"Your mother... she thought things might get her rough on her trip, and she asked for my help. I didn't-" His voice cracked. "I never wanted to get involved in that kind of misadventure, and I didn't think she'd need me anyway - she never needed the help before, she was always so capable, and we had just found out your aunt was pregnant with Alex. I couldn't just leave, so I turned her away and-"

He took another breath, more ragged than the last.

I almost stopped him, just because I knew what was coming next.

"-she never made it back."

Slowly, I stood up, carefully shifting my weight so that I didn't startle Katie.

"I need to go."

He paled, from sallow to stark-white in no time flat.

"Daniel, wait, there's more-"

I ran.

I felt like a total coward, but I couldn't stop myself from bolting even if I wanted to as he yelled after me in a panic, or when I heard a crash of shattering glass and saw my aunt drop her tray and press her hand to her mouth with tears in her eyes.

Somehow, even at rock bottom, seeing that just made it all worse.

I want out.

My new power surged, right there in the middle of the hallway.

Space parted-

...​

-Colors erupted everywhere as I slipped through the chaos-

...​

-and I stumbled into the training field outside Chiron's place another eternity later, nearly smacking right into Sairaorg who was already up by now and running through his morning stretches.

"Woah!" He leaped back and let me stagger off to the side. "That's new! And you're late! Where-?"

His smile died when he saw the look on my face.

"Dan?"

I ducked my head and held up a hand.

Don't think about it.

Don't think about it, don't think about it, don't think-

"Give me a second."

I tried not to throw up - whether it was from the sudden bout of spinning exhaustion, from the sick feeling in my stomach from everything I'd just heard, or just the relief that I was back and out of there so quickly was anyone's guess.

"Student?"

I wasn't surprised when I looked up and found Chiron staring down at me in concern, brows furrowed.

"Is there a problem?"

I actually laughed, and they both looked even more worried after that.

Probably because I sounded like death warmed over, in more ways than one.

"You have no idea."

"Enlighten me, then."

I opened my mouth to argue, then I closed it again as I thought that over.

...

... you know what?

It was either this or I totally lose it, so fine.

"I'm not from around here..."

...​

I waited for Chiron to put up a privacy ward at my request - better safe than sorry, or dead via dangerous eavesdropper - and then I just told them both the truth.

Everything except that last story about my mom - I was repressing that until I knew what to do with it, however long that took.

I refused to even acknowledge it, even.

But as for the rest - surprised?

Don't be - I didn't have it in me to lie anymore, even by omission.

And as for trust...

Sairaorg was my best friend, and Chiron was my teacher - the same one who'd taken me under his roof for over half a year with barely any questions asked.

If I couldn't trust them after all that, I was already screwed beyond all words.

So there I was, sitting on the grass after explaining the fact that, yes, multiverse theory was real.

Sounds fun, right?

"I," Sairaorg blinked - he was doing a lot of that, and had been for a while. "Am so confused."

"That's fair."

"I mean, I kind of get it, but also…"

"Yes."

"That's…"

"Yep"

"So then…"

"That's the idea."

It honestly went better than it should have - nobody broke down screaming at any point, which I'd been sorely tempted to do at the start.

But the longer we talked, the more my breathing evened out, and the more my shoulders stopped heaving until I finally felt like I was halfway back to myself again.

Or at least well enough to pretend.

Nobody missed that, either.

"Well," Chiron said at last, stroking his beard with a far-off look in his eyes when I was finally done. "That settles it then."

"Settles what?"

I couldn't quite suppress the worried edge to the words.

What comes next?

"I was trying to determine whether or not you had a good reason for missing our morning class. After much deliberation, I've decided that you did."

...

That… wasn't the first thing I expected him to say, but it still made me smile.

Just a little

Sairoarg also perked up beside him. "So does that mean he's not running laps for showing up late?"

"Foolish student." Chiron looked disappointed in him. "Of course he will."

I choked in outrage, and Sairaorg started cackling.

"Why!?"

Then he looked at me like I was an idiot for that one.

"You still missed class, obviously. A good reason is an explanation, not an excuse."

"That's your takeaway from all this?"

"Hardly. I still have many, many questions, but they can wait for now." Chiron chuckled warmly. "Needless to say, this doesn't leave our circle. At all."

Sairaorg frowned. "I would never-"

Chiron raised a hand and flicked him on the forehead, ignoring his yelp with a shake of his head.

"It was not an accusation, merely a reminder. For both of you." He eyes me pointedly. "This… ability of yours has dangerous implications to it that would have mortals and gods alike up in arms. Never reveal it thoughtlessly."

"I wasn't planning to."

"Good." He nodded "Now then - Are you alright?"

…

"I'm fine. Why wouldn't I be?"

They both gave me flat looks.

"I am!"

I was only dealing with the fact that my mom's death was a lie, just like nearly everything I thought I knew about my family, and...

… Okay, not fine.

Very not fine.

This sucked colossally.

But I wasn't going to talk about it, and I think they could both figure that much out, because Sairaorg leaned over to pat me on the back.

"Should we get back to training now?"

"There's still stuff Chiron wants to ask me" The centaur nodded when I looked over at him, and I shrugged. "Nothing you want to ask me?"

Wasn't he even a little curious?

He paused, and I waited patiently.

"Are you going back home?"

I…

"Maybe later? To visit, at least."

There was still stuff I wanted to talk about, and more I needed to ask.

The sooner the better, but not right now.

No way.

"Are you still living and training here?"

"Obviously."

Then I realized that might not actually be my call to make.

I glanced up at Chiron, but he'd already moved, and his hand landed on top of my head gently.

"You are my student" He smiled reassuringly. "Your place here is beyond question."

And there was that lump in my throat again.

Man, I should really get that checked out sometime.

"Thanks."

"Then it's settled! Or it should be." Sairaorg punched his palm and grinned. "You did say your goodbyes, right?"

"Well, no, but- CRAP!"

That's when it hit me.

"I left without saying goodbye to Katie and Alex."

And just like that, I was back in crisis mode.

I hadn't even seen my younger cousin when I was there - she'd been asleep, and if Katie found out I left after she nodded off when I spent twenty minutes promising I wouldn't over and over again-

"Forget later." I jerked up to my feet. "I need to go back right now. Just for ten minutes."

Chiron raised a brow.

"Not without your weapons you're not. Ten minutes or ten seconds is irrelevant - you don't ever leave to unknown territories unarmed."

I didn't bother arguing before I sprinted into the house, up the stairs and into my room to grab my bow and the spear I liked to train with and came rushing back again.

It was going to be horribly awkward - just the thought of talking to him was screwing my stomach into knots, but Katie and Alex trumped that - but if I was quick enough I'd be in and out before uncle David could stop me.

I exhaled sharply.

Alright, focus.

"Want me to come with?"

I was distracted, so I barely registered Sairaorg's question.

"It's a terrible trip."

"I don't mind."

It was such a casual request that I didn't even think about the potential consequences before answering.

"Fine, whatever."

I need to go home.

I reached out for him quickly, more on reflex than anything else, and Chiron's eyes widened.

"Hold on-"

Too late.

The second my hand landed on his shoulder, the Spark ignited, and we vanished on the spot.

"...Those utter idiots."

...​

Immediately, I realized that something was different - wrong.

Instead of hurtling through infinite expanses like before, we plummeted straight down, through endless nothingness.

My limbs flailed wildly as they twisted both weightless and also crushed under the pressure of invisible forces pressing down from every direction. I tried to yell, but I had no voice, and we continued to hurtle down without anchor, without direction.

Stop.

It was Sairaorg - bringing him with me so abruptly did this, I could tell.

Stop!

Reality flickered—

...

- and we reappeared and slammed into a floor made of unforgiving stone with an impact so quick and brutal we nearly splattered like bugs on the windshield.

"Hnngh!" The ringing in my ears even out just in time for me to hear Sairaorg let out the most pitiful-sounding croak I've ever heard. "...Are we dead?"
"...If death hurts this much, I want a refund." I groaned and rolled over to flop onto my back.

That's about as far as I got before the sound of clanking metal and deadbolts sliding open drowned him out, and the door to the strange room we landed in burst open.

"Someedoh!"His voice bellowed out in a language I didn't recognize, and my eardrums would have called foul at how loud it was if they had mouths to speak with. " Someedoh ray doh sola!"

Slowly, achingly aware of the fact that I hurt all over and felt like a sock-puppet that'd been stepped one way too many times, I glanced up.

Then I did a double-take.

A man loomed over us, expression thunderous, dressed in black leather, a metal helm and genuine half-plate armour.

He looked like he'd stepped right out of the dark ages, complete with a sword and a dagger both strapped to his hip.

As soon as we locked eyes, he pointed at me and started yelling furiously.

"...Sairaorg, what the hell is he saying?"

And where exactly did we just land?

I'd have worked some magic to get across the language barrier and figured that out for myself, but I felt wrung out there too - three jumps across worlds in one day ate more power than I'd have used for an entire day's worth of training.

"Ugh." He groaned and propped himself up onto his elbows... then his expression went weird as he listened to the rapid-fire tirade the other guy was spitting out "...Huh."

That was never a good sign.

"What?"

"It's not good."

For the love of - now what!?

"Sai, tell me."

"He says his name Braga, Chief of the Esgaroth Guard." The man huffed like a bull when he recognized his name, an angry red shade to his skin as he clenched his fists and gestured for the four guards coming in behind him to hurry up. "And that we're under arrest for trespassing and attempted theft."

"..."

"..."

...

Oh, this was going to be just great, wasn't it?

...


And here we go:



View: https://imgur.com/Dkxl0Hb


Have a Chiron meme:



View: https://imgur.com/3RuScNQ​


As always, leave your comments and ideas and if you don't like it please be courteous.
Last edited: Jul 4, 2025
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Ender Wiggen, Hodlum and 951 others
Firewillreign
Mar 23, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks We Make Terrible Life Choices
View content
Firewillreign
Firewillreign
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 26, 2023
Messages888
Likes received82,880
Mar 31, 2025
Add bookmark
#403
I have a decent singing voice if I do say so myself - high highs, low lows, good pitch and timbre, and all that kind of stuff, even if I don't really use it that often.

That shouldn't be too much of a surprise - when your dad's the god of music on top of a whole bunch of other things as well, you come out of it with neat little bonuses like that.

"I know a song that gets on everybody's nerves,
Everybody's nerves, everybody's nerves,"

But here's the thing - being naturally hardwired for whipping out musical numbers on the spot?'

"I know a song that gets on everybody's nerves,
"Yes, on everybody's nerves, everybody's nerves"

It means that you also had a pretty good idea of how to screw them up like nobody's business.

"I know a song that gets on everybody's nerves,
and this is how it gooooooes....!"

Or maybe that was just me.

"For the love of all that is good and just, keep your mouths shut!" The guard standing outside our cell door - if you could call it that - finally lost it and started yelling at us as our singing reached a horrible off-key crescendo... for the eighth time in the last ten minutes, give or take few. "Or else I'll have you flogged!"

Sairaorg and I stared at him for a little as he panted for breath, red-faced in frustration... and then we glanced at each other and grinned.

"Again?"

"Ready when you are."

"I know a song that gets on everybody's nerves,
Everybody's nerves, everybody's nerves-!"

"Raagh!"

...​

So.

Let's back up a bit.

The two of us jumped into the void and tumbled down into a new world with the mother of all rough landings, right smack dab in a place called Esgaroth.

Then we got arrested.

See, it turns out we'd landed in what passed for an armoury for these people, crammed full of weapons and armour I hadn't been paying attention to at all, and the locals really hadn't appreciated the idea that a couple of thieves might have snuck in and nearly made off with their stuff.

I mean, we weren't, obviously, but you could kind of see where they were coming from - especially since we couldn't exactly explain how we'd ended up there, and they weren't really in the mood to listen either, what with all the yelling and furious motioning and everything.

Long story short?

They herded us right out of there and into the open, and I'll tell you this much - it only took one look around to realize that we really weren't in Kansas anymore.

Or anywhere close to it.

Esgaroth was a town built on stilts that raised all its buildings over the lake running beneath it. Instead of roads, it had wooden planks that locked against each other to form walkways crisscrossing above the water, and the homes we saw as we passed by came in all shapes and sizes - everything from little cruck houses with timber walls and thatched roofs that glinted through the mist in the early morning sunlight, to bigger log-cabins that rose two stories up and towered over the rest of them.

There were other walkways higher up too - more rickety-looking planks and makeshift bridges stretching out between the different houses left and right, with more people than I could count flitting over them and dressed in woollen tunics, cloaks, furs and leathers.

Some of them stopped to stare at Sairaorg and I as we were marched past them, and from the way they looked us up and down and pointed, you'd think they were staring at a couple of aliens that fell out of the sky.

Which... was technically kind of accurate, if you looked at it from a certain way.

From a distance.

And squinted.

...

Wow, my life is nuts - and from the looks Sairaorg kept giving me, you could tell that he was riding on the same wavelength too.

I didn't have that much time to reflect on that before they led us up to this rougher-looking, square block of a place that passed for a local prison or something, and man, it sure wasn't pretty.

The inside was cramped and poorly lit by torches and the little sunlight that seeped in through the cracks in the roof, and it was divided into three small and slightly waterlogged cells closed off by rusty iron bars reeking from visible patches of mold and murky stains that would have probably given a health inspector a heart attack on the spot.

Yikes.

Zero stars, would not recommend.

Needless to say, we didn't sit down when they pushed us into one of them and slammed the door shut with a clang of tortured metal.

"You'll stay here until the Master has the time to take a good look at you." Braga, the Chief guard who'd 'captured us' and hadn't stopped crowing about it the entire way here grunted through the bars. "Nasty little thieves. If it were up to me, I'd have cut off your filthy hands and been done with the trouble!"

You could just tell that this guy was fun at parties, couldn't you?

Sairaorg cleared his throat. "We weren't-"

"Quiet!"

I didn't actually understand the words as he said them - then - but even without Sairaorg translating for me I still would've gotten the idea just from the ugly scowl on his face.

You might be wondering why we went along with all of this and didn't try and make a break for it?

Well, for starters, that headache I was talking about before?

Teensy bit worse than I let on at first.

I was shrugging it off fast, but it took a little while to get my feet back under me properly and it sucked all the way up to that point. Playing along with them to avoid the extra noise while we caught our breaths just seemed like the easiest way to go.

And, for another thing, it wasn't like we were in any real danger. Braga and his men could threaten and spit until they were blue in the face, but they couldn't actually do... anything to us, really.

What would you expect?

They were bog-standard mortals armed with swords and daggers.

Even at our worst the two of us were still so far out of their league we might as well have been playing another game entirely.

Case in point - the pounding in my skull finally dimmed enough then that I reached for a spark of power and began whispering under my breath right as the man turned around.

"Father Of Poetry, Arbiter of Song"
"All Tongues Are Golden Atop Thy Own"

It felt like something in my head shifted as the magic took form, and my skin flashed with a faint, split-second burst of light as it settled into place.

Braga whirled around right as it faded.

"What was that?"

I grinned as I understood him perfectly - the translation spell worked, invoking the concept of Apollo as a god of music and poetry in all languages to loophole my way into understanding them.

It also worked both ways - making sure people understood me clearly even if we spoke two completely different languages.

"What was what?"

The man glared at me like he was trying to force me to fess up with pure force of will, but I've met squirrels more threatening than he was.

Literally - those little dudes don't look it, but they have teeth and they know how to use them when they want to, and that's all I'm going to say about it.

Eventually, he turned around again and that was that - until I saw him pick my spear up from where it had been propped up against the wall across our cell.

"That's mine."

He snorted dismissively and gave me another glare.

"Who'd you steal it from, then?"

"I didn't. My teacher gave it to me."

"A likely story." He scoffed, but he wouldn't peel his eyes off of it, and for good reason.

Chiron had given me the pick of his armoury a while back when he'd decided I was good enough to start training with weapons that weren't blunted and dulled for practice, and it was the first one I chose - a wicked-looking thing seven feet tall all in all, carved out of ashwood and topped with a blade fashioned out of gleaming orichalcum that glinted like polished brass with a red-gold hue in the flickering fire-light.

It was well-crafted and pretty useful all around, but as far as magical weapons went it wasn't anything crazy special in the long run.

I mean, don't get me wrong, the orichalcum was a valuable metal, and the whole thing was enchanted to make it tough enough to handle the kind of punishment an ordinary spear would shatter into a million pieces under, but it wasn't a game changer or anything like that.

That didn't mean it wasn't important to me though - it was my spear, and I didn't like the way this guy was eyeing it.

"A weapon as fine as this is wasted on a thief. It will be taken in reparation for your crimes."

And there it was.

"What crimes?"

"Quiet!"

"We didn't actually-"

"I said quiet!"

My eyes narrowed at the half-angry, half-smug look on his face - like he'd already won and was happy to gloat without coming right out and saying it.

Alright then.

If that's how he wanted to play...

"Tell you what," I smiled pleasantly and tried to channel my inner Chiron, and I saw Sairaorg's lips curl up a bit at the edges out of the corner of my eye before his expression evened out again when Braga's look flickered to him. "If you can hold onto it, it's yours."

He scowled at me some more like he was expecting me to say something else, but I just kept smiling until he finally grunted and looked away.

"You keep watch." He pointed at one of his men before turning to grunt at the other two. "Get back to your posts. The Master will see them at noon."

Then he shot us one last nasty look and marched out of the place with my spear hefted in his grip like it belonged to him.

The guard he left behind chortled as he saw me staring after him and rapped his knuckles against the bars of the cell in the most condescending way ever.

"Don't dream of it, boy. You'll never see that spear again."

"..."

Slowly, I turned to stare him dead in the eye.

"That right?

He blinked at me, probably confused at the smirk I aimed his way before I nudged Sairaorg with my elbow.

"Well, guess there's nothing to do about it then. Sai?"

"Yeah?"

"I'm feeling a little down. How about we sing song?"

My friend blinked, then took one look at me and broke out into a matching grin as he figured it out.

"What song?"

"That's the spirit!"

...​

A quarter-hour later, the guard was nearly howling in frustration, the two of us were trying not to laugh so hard we were nearly crying, and the rest of my headache had just about cleared out.

All caught up?

Great.

"Again?"

"No!" The guard roared and launched off the stool he was sitting on before I could answer Sairaorg a second time, looking like a bull about to charge away at a red cape. "No more!"

He even picked up the stool in his one hand and started waving it around threateningly - or tried to, at least.

I'm not sure what that was supposed to do to us across the bars, but I guess it was the thought that counted.

"I don't think he liked our singing, Sai."

"I know," My friend shook his head sadly. "Some people have no taste."

"Hmm." I nodded sagely. "So sad."

"I've had it!" He pitched the stool down at the floor so hard bits of it splintered off as it bounced away, cursing under his breath. "Let some other fool have you!"

Then he made to march out of the room, stepped into a particularly tricky puddle and nearly topped over with a squawk.

That did it - we cracked up and couldn't stop laughing until he stomped out of the room cursing, boots squelching against the floor so loudly they reminded me of a pair of squeaky shoes I once got for Halloween.

"T-That-" Sairoarg finally trailed off, still wiping a tear from his eyes. "-was awesome."

"Right?" I inhaled and tried to get my lips to stop twitching. "That was fun. I feel good about life again! You?"

"All better." He rolled his neck a little before gesturing at the bars and making a fist. "Should I-?"

"Nah, I got this." Breaking the bars was easy - they were so frail that either of us could do it by sneezing, but it was some other poor guy that'd have to replace them later and that seemed a little too mean a thing to stick on a random stranger. "Well, Courage does, anyway."

"..."

"Right buddy?"

For a second, I thought I timed that wrong. I was sure he was awake, but maybe -

"Arf!"

-And there he is.

We heard another bark, and then the shadows at our feet darkened and twisted unnaturally before they burst out in one quick surge, flowing upwards and stretching into a curtain of darkness that swallowed us up so quickly you'd have missed it if you blinked.

Shadow travel was always a rush - like you were sprinting through a cold, pitch-black tunnel, but there was no floor under you and no gravity to pull you down - but compared to whatever it was I was doing when I went from one world to the next, it was a total walk in the park.

We popped back out of the darkness and out across the bars a split second later, and Courage materialized next to me with a bark and a satisfied jump.

"Good to have you back, you little show-off."

I gave him a good back rub before I walked up to the bench against the far wall to get my bow and quiver back while Sairaorg ruffled his fur some more.

"Courage?"

He perked up and huffed at me expectantly.

"Go fetch my damn spear."

Braga wanted to try and take my stuff?

"Arf!"

Let's see how he likes a jumpscare-by-hellhound first thing in the morning.

...​

Thirty seconds later, I heard a faint scream and suspiciously high-pitched scream somewhere in the distance before Courage popped back out of the shadows with my spear between his teeth.

"Atta boy!"

Then we went from there.

...​

"So where are we?" Sairaorg asked as we hopped across the rooftops of Esgaroth - we couldn't walk down below without all the locals staring and pointing, and I was pretty sure there were a few people after us already.

On the bright side, I got to practice my parkour skills while we figured things out, and Courage was following after us from below and probably scaring the life out of a few more people while he was at it.

"I don't know, the Dark Ages maybe?" He snorted and vaulted over to another roof, and I grinned and followed suit "That, or a really hard-core renaissance fair."

"Hah!"

The thing is, I was only half sure I was kidding - a look at the street underneath us didn't exactly fill me with confidence before we scrabbled over a chimney and leaped across a bridge leading past some kind of forge.

At least, that's what it probably was - I could see and smell the smoke, and hear the strokes of a heavy hammer striking against metal.

"Seriously, though, I have no idea. I'm nearly as new to this as you are, and I've never pulled it off with anyone but Courage."

Which is probably where I messed up, now that I think about it.

I grabbed onto Sairaorg before I stepped into that sea of chaos between the worlds, and instead of hurtling across it like the last couple of times we'd fallen straight down like someone had tied cinder blocks to our feet and tossed us over the edge of a ship and into a maelstrom.

If I hadn't pulled us out, we'd have probably still been falling - and wasn't that a scary thought?

"Are we stuck here then?" Sairaorg actually stopped as he thought about that, freezing at the edge of the rooftop to give me a concerned, halfway panicked look. "We can get back, right?"

I didn't miss a beat.

"Absolutely."

Technically, I had no idea if we could, but like hell was I going to consider the chance that we might be stranded here.

I got us here, I could get us back easy - I was too busy with too much on my plate to screw up now.

"I just need a while to get my magic back up to snuff, and then we're out of here."

I'd exhausted myself at the third jump, after all, but I was always quick to regenerate lost magic.

Even Chiron had said so-

Wait.

"Oh."

"What?"

"I messed up by bringing you here," I whispered. "I messed up bad."

"...Not that bad." He frowned and patted my shoulder, trying to cheer me up. "I mean, the trip was terrible-"

Fair

"-but this is fun, and I wouldn't have left you-"

"It's not that." I groaned and dropped my face into my palms "I just realized that Chiron's going to kill us when we get back."

He took that in for all of a second, and then he winced.

Rushing into a journey unprepared? Using magic I only just learned I had without testing it beforehand?

"That's..."

"Yeah."

We were toast.

"...Now I don't want to go back."

"Maybe we don't have to?"

That was a legitimate question, but somebody yelled out over us before he could answer me.

"There they are!"

It was our old friend Braga, staring up at us from the ground with a furious death glare and a couple more lackeys crowding around him.

"Get down here, you filthy rats!" He roared loud enough that you'd think he was being murdered, and the townsfolk around him backed away like they were afraid they'd be murdered instead. "And somebody find that cursed mutt!"

...

Well then.

Guess who volunteered to be our distraction until I was fully recharged?

Sairaorg and I didn't even need to look at each other for this one - we just started waving and hollering on the spot.

"You'll never take us alive!"

Then we turned around and bolted.

...​

I'm not going to lie -springing all around Esgaroth and leading the town guard on a wild goose chase?

Total blast - but it was only when we finally catapulted off one last rooftop and landed only a few corners away from what I was guessing was the town hall that things got interesting.

"Oi!"

The woman who called out to us stared at us from the inside of an open little pavilion, wearing a long, earth-toned dress and a shawl over her shoulders, an intense glint in her eyes.

An old man was sitting behind her too, leaning back in his chair and wearing a faded brown tunic, patched in places, frayed with age, and halfway covered by a blanket.

"You two are the outsiders riling up the guard, aren't you?" She frowned, stepping out from behind a wagon full of trinkets and rumpled tapestries and things I couldn't really recognize as she looked us up and down pensively. "Why?"

The fact that she was actually threw me for a loop, but not for long.

"He thinks we're thieves, but we didn't steal anything." Sairaorg was the first to offer with a shrug - it's not like lying really got us anything here. "And he tried to steal my friend's spear."

"That he did." I agreed and patted the sling that fastened it over my shoulder.

I think we were both surprised when she nodded slowly, like she believed us.

"Aye, I can believe that."

There you have it.

"You can?"

"Braga's a rotten one." She said, and she sounded less suspicious and more resigned now. "Shame, too. He was a sweet lad once, before his Da went out too deep into the lake whilst half-drunk and drowned for it. Now he's the Master's man through and through, and every bit as greedy to match."

She clucked her tongue and curled a strand of her greying hair behind an ear before sighing in disappointment.

"What a waste."

"Hilda," The old man sighed and picked up a cane that had been propped up against the post next to him, before leaning over to nudge her side reproachfully. "Talk like that'll do you no good if it spreads."

"S'only the truth, isn't it? Everybody knows it, and they give us all a bad name." She batted his hands away gently when he started poking her again. "Aye, fine! I'll hold my damned tongue."

"That'll be the day," He chuckled deeply, before turning over to give us a nod. "What brings you lads up to Esgaroth?"

"Can't be trade," Hilda grunts, rummaging through her wagon and pulling knickknacks out left and right before stacking them into neat little piles. "Word would have spread if there was good business to be had from beyond the pointy-ears up at the Mirkwood."

"We were just traveling, and ended up here by chance."

Which was true, if you ignored the context.

His brows furrowed in concern.

"Alone?"

"We split up from our teacher a little while back, and we were planning to meet up again soon," Sairoarg added, and the old man seemed to accept that easily enough. "Then we ran into your Braga, and... you know."

"I do," The old man agreed. "Not very charming, is he? But it is what it is - Esgaroth's not much good for outsiders these days, and hasn't been for many years."

He sounded sad about it, too, before he took a deep breath and seemed to shake it off.

"But enough about that. You'd best be going now before the guards catch up to you." I think we could all hear the commotion building a few turns away by now. "You'll find no good in this town whilst they hound you."

And see, that would have been it.

What he said made sense, I shrugged and nodded, and Sairaorg waved goodbye - we'd have left right then.

And then the old man spoke up one last time.

"Careful now. They're a nasty lot, and they'll get nastier if they get their hands on you and drag you to the Master. I'd rather travel up to the old dwarven mountain and wake the dragon sleeping inside than have that man spitting and frothing in my face."

Hilda snorted. "Wouldn't we all."

I nearly tripped over my own feet and face-planted, and Sairaorg whipped his head around so fast my neck was getting phantom pains just from imagining the sheer whiplash.

"The what?"

Hilda and the old man exchanged a confused look, before she turned back to us with a raised brow.

"The dragon, up in the Lonely Mountain?" She said slowly, brows rising higher as we gaped at her. "The fiery nightmare that set fire and brought ruin to old Dale on the same day it drove the Dwarves out of their kingdom so it could claim all their treasures for itself, all those years ago?"

There were dwarves in this thing too?

Somehow, I don't think they were talking about the Norse-kind, either.

"Haven't you heard the story?" The old man looked just as lost as her. "I never thought I'd meet a soul in all the lands that wouldn't know of the tale in this day and age. Where did you say you were from again?"

We didn't.

"And what are you wearing?" Hilda added, frown deepening as she glanced over our get-ups, again.

Which was... also fair, really, because jeans, t-shirts and trainers didn't exactly blend in around here.

"Clothes."

"Never seen clothes like that."

"I've never seen clothes like yours, either."

Not outside of movies, anyway.

"You're a cheeky one, aren't you?"

"I've been called worse."

I'm going to be honest here and admit that I wasn't quite paying attention to the individual words anymore, because seriously?

"A dragon?"

I hadn't missed that enormous mountain miles off in the distance, since it was obscured by mist and I hadn't paid it that much attention, but that was all over now.

"There's a real dragon lairing in that mountain?"

"As real as the ruins of Dale, though few dare visit that cursed place now," Hilda grunted. "Too close to the mountain."

And this wasn't just a fairy tale or something?

Apparently not.

"The dwarves of old once ruled from that mountain, their great seat of power. Haven't you heard the songs? Vast halls filled with treasure, silver, gold and gems beyond measure?" The old man's expression went heavy and somber. "But there's nothing dragons love more than treasure, and so it came from the east. The death of Dale and the breaking of the old kingdoms. The dwarves that didn't fill its belly or burn under its breath fled and scattered to the winds, and the dragon sealed itself in the mountain. No one's seen it for generations, but only a mad fool would even try."

"Arf!"

"Blast-!" Hilda nearly jumped out of her skin as Courage skidded around the corner and bounded over to us, red eyes glowing with delight. "What breed of dog is that!?"

"You wouldn't believe me if I told you." I said, and then I tapped Sairaorg on the shoulder as the sound of heavy footfalls and angry calls started growing closer and closer "And that's our cue to bounce. Nice meeting you, Hilda, and-er-"

"Alford." The old man offered with a grin that made him look years younger "Off you go then, but come by and visit when they finally give up - you seem like the right sort."

"See ya."

We hightailed it just as the first furious cry started catching up to us, but we didn't get far before we left them in the dust and Sairaorg turned to look me dead in the eye.

I knew what was coming before he even asked it, for exactly the same reason as he did.

"So we're both thinking the same thing, aren't we?"

"Obviously."

"But we're not going to act on it, right?"

"No way, that'd be insane. I mean, a dragon?"

"See, that's what I thought too! It's way too crazy."

"Right? And we're already in for it when we get back. If we do this, Chiron would lose it."

We both nodded empathetically.

"He would, so it's a bad idea all around, honestly."

"True, true."

"..."

"..."

"It's a baaaad idea."

"Agreed."

"..."

"..."

"...So are we going to check it out or what?"

"Well, duh."

Yeah, I know.

This is already shaping up to be the stupidest thing you've ever heard us do, ever, but hear me out on this one - it's a dragon.

Terrifying?

Sure.

Out of our weight class?

Probably.

Might end up with us getting chargrilled if we mess up?

Likely.

But, again, it's a dragon - where else where we going to get the chance to check things out, even from a distance?

Besides, it wouldn't be the first giant monster we've faced down, and we were both a lot stronger than we were nearly a year ago, if we even had to fight at all - it wasn't like we were going to go out of our way to wake it up or anything.

"We're just taking a look, that's all."

"Yeah! Besides, somebody should check on it anyway." Sairaorg grinned. "No one's seen it in generations, and better us than the people here, right?"

"When you think about it, we're performing a public service here."

"Exactly!"

You ever lie so hard you convince yourself while you're at it?

Voila!

We found a nice, out-of-the-way spot before Sairaorg unfurled his wings and I lit up with the effects of my flight spell, and up into the air we went.

...​

At something close to five miles away, the ruins of Dale might as well have been right next door for two people who could ignore all the uneven terrain between there and here and the branching streams from the lake running across it, but it still was the Lonely Mountain that stood out first.

The mists had cleared up more by now, and it seemed to loom in the distance now that I knew to look for it - imposing and jagged as it sprouted up from the earth like a giant spine, swallowing up more of the horizon the closer we got until we could almost count off all the towering cliffs one by one, and see the snow crowning the very highest peak as it branched out past the cloud-cover.

"Woah."

They said it used to be a kingdom, and I could believe that just from its sheer size alone.

A part me of wished I had a camera just so I could keep a picture as a souvenir.

Then I looked down, and I felt the idea shrivel up a little inside of me as I saw what was left behind in the valley between the mountain's southeast and southwest ridges.

"Are those-?"

"Yeah."

We descended slowly.

The ruins of Dale were... quiet, more than anything else.

Silent leftovers of buildings and the walls that made them reduced to broken skeletons, scattered debris and half-standing arches that sagged and twisted left and right, with faded symbols weathered down by the wind and water wear.

Some of them were ruined so badly that the stone seemed to be melting back into the earth, bits and pieces you could barely even tell used to be part of a city vanishing into the earth like they were slowly being swallowed.

I could see the faint outlines of what might have been cobbled streets down there too, nothing like the roughly worn planks down in Esgaroth, but some of them had huge ruptures running through them, and patches that were damaged so badly they reminded me of the fine-crushed gravel you'd see people carting around in grab-wagons at a construction site back home.

"Look." Sairaorg quietly pointed at another spot, and I frowned.

There was a statue there, right in the middle of a town square, and also weathered enough that it was just a lump of disfigured stone some twenty meters tall—you couldn't tell anymore, but it would have probably been impressive back in its day, especially around these parts.

Now it was just broken and half-buried, and I could just barely tell it was supposed to be holding something up, Statue of Liberty style - only its hand had snapped just under the elbow and crumbled way underneath it.

"There's barely anything left."

"It was a dragon."

Yeah, it was.

You'd have to be blind not to see it after this.

The only signs of life left were the wild grass and the vines growing in and creeping around the ruins, and only in some spots - the rest of the grounds were stripped bare and blackened so thoroughly they looked like they were made of coal, and I doubted anything would ever grow there again without a miracle - and I mean a literal one.

Heck, just looking at them was giving me a bad feeling in my gut that just about screamed 'unnatural', and it didn't take a genius to figure out why.

I floated over to Sairaorg as we both rose higher up into the air again and gestured towards the mountain.

For some reason, it felt a lot more intimidating than it did a minute ago, and the shadows were that much darker.

"Still wanna do this?"

"You're kidding, right?"

But the fact that he might've hesitated was probably telling, too.

Ah, well.

We're already here anyway.

...​

Getting into the Lonely Mountain from Dale was easy - we just had to follow the long, sloping path leading out of the valley and up to the front door.

Well, I say front door, but that's only because I didn't have a better word for the absolutely enormous gate carved into the mountainside and flanked on either end by equally extra-sized statues of armoured vikings carrying axes bigger than either of us - or people that looked like them, anyway.

The dwarves, maybe.

Whoever they were, the detail was amazing - I was nearly expecting them to jump off their pedestals and start asking for our paperwork as we stepped up their gate.

The entrance itself was more eerie, though, because it seemed both solid and fragile - a mass of jagged and uneven rock stacked up to seal off the doorway behind it and shot through with cracks and breaks, and some of it looked like it had been melted into place.

I don't think I would have noticed those signs if I hadn't been looking for them either, and it was also how I found the crevice that led us in.

Narrow and uncomfortable, but just enough space to squeeze through without too much trouble.

The moment we stepped inside, though, something shifted,

It wasn't just the stale scent of dust and rock in the air, or the almost absolute darkness that took over once we were far enough away from the opening - Sairaorg was a devil who could see through that just fine, and all I had to do was will it and I lit up like a golden glowstick - but the weight that fell over us was a whole other kind of problem.

If that was even the right word for it.

Presence, maybe?

Whatever it was, it was there, and heavy enough that I swallowed and mimed zipping my lips to Sairaorg, who nodded seriously.

No more words from here on out.

The hollowed-out mountain seemed to grow even bigger as we crept into it, and it didn't take us long to find something worth goggling at.

To be fair, the entry hall alone was something else - an enormous carved threshold with a vaunted ceiling and engraved walls scattered with symbols and pictures of all sorts, and with proportions so absurd you could've fit four football pitches worth of people in there and still had plenty of room for more.

Looking around the place was...exciting, I'll admit it - like we were in the middle of an Indiana Jones movie, minus the cowboy hat and the whip.

But there's always a twist with those flicks, and ours smacked us in the face right after we left that hallway.

There were dozens of branching hallways that led off from there, an entire sloping labyrinth's worth of them, and we got 'lucky' on the first one.

One second we were following along it, idly tracing the walls and the next we stumbled on to-.

On to...

...

Gold.

...

Now, I want you to follow me on this one:

Gold.

Not gold bars, gold treasure, gold adjacent goodies or even gold-wrapped chocolate coins.

I mean gold, the color.

That was the first thing I registered.

Then my eyes processed the scope of it, and I started feeling all faint and floaty inside.

From one end of the titanic domed cavern to the next, the treasures of the mountain stretched out like a miles-wide ocean - a literal one, made of gold coins piled so high Sairaorg could stand on my shoulders and we still wouldn't reach a quarter of it's height - and that was just the gold.

There were gems that glinted in every color of the rainbow in there too, swords and spears and armor beyond counting, gilded drinking cups and goblets and enough random treasures that you'd need an army to shift through them all - hell, you'd need an army to claim them in the first place, because some of the stuff looked like it could start wars just by existing at all.

"What the..." Sairaorg leaned back a little, dazed. "This is...who would even need this?"

People who wanted to give Midas a run for his money, that's who - and this is coming from Sai, who was a disinherited devil and still wealthy as sin from what I'd been told.

It was the kind of stupid wealth that hurt to think about. My aunt once invited a friend of hers who was an economist over for dinner this one time, and I'm pretty sure the lady would have a seizure on the spot if I ever showed her this place.

But that wasn't the big deal.

"Where's the dragon?"

Sairaorg beat me to it, glancing around and stepping back as his feet clinked against some stray coins that had scattered out of the main pile noisily.

"You're asking me?"

There was something here, and neither of us doubted it- not with the charged feeling in the air that racketed the adrenaline in my blood right up, and the taste of magic that made me want to cringe away - but I couldn't see a thing.

I was half expecting it to leap out right then, because asking that question was basically handing it an engraved invitation, but nothing happened.

"Maybe it's not-"

I don't know what finally did it.

Maybe we whispered a little too loud. Maybe the coins we stepped on clicked a little too much, or maybe it was just that fate got bored of waiting for us to screw up, so it decided to jump the gun.

It doesn't matter.

We both stiffened as the pressure in the cavern changed, like a blurry image suddenly coming into focus.

And that focus was sharp.

"Sairaorg."

"I know. I feel it too."

We both ducked back as the gold began to clatter under the movement of something buried underneath it, and my throat went a little dry as I realized just how much of it was shifting.

At first, it was nothing but a low, echoing hiss, sharp and venomous, like the sound of a snake ready to strike, but then it went deeper - a rumbling growl like the hum of a car engine rolled in with a woodchipper and dialed up to eleven thousand, and it was then that the dragon began to emerge from underneath its hoard.

How big was this thing?

Yes.

The answer was just yes.

Fun fact - in my experience, nothing makes you come face to face with your own mortality quite like having a mass of gleaming red scales, encrusted gems, teeth, and wings bigger than a freaking airbus rise up in front of you and blink open fiery slitted eyes the size of industrial furnaces your way.

"Well, thief."

The dragon spoke slowly, languidly, because of course it did.

Its - his - nostrils flared, and his long, serpentine neck tilted this way and that as he pulled more of himself out from beneath his gold, his tail whipping up a minor avalanche as it lanced out and began to sway behind him.

"Two thieves, in fact." He chuckled, and it was as if everything in the mountain vibrated with it - even my bones. "Come now, don't be shy. Step into the light."

The fact that he was speaking wasn't nearly as disturbing as the way he was doing it - his snout and muzzle shifted unnaturally with every word, and the air rumbled with power and something other that was making the hairs on the back of my neck rise at just how wrong it sounded.

Even Sairaorg was grimacing through gritted teeth, and his fists were clenched and ready to throw down.

"Look on the bright side," I swear that putting the false cheer in my voice was the hardest thing I've ever done. "We found the dragon."

He snorted weakly, eyes never straying from the wall of pure, uninhibited draconic murder - and wow, was coming here a terrible idea or what? - leering at us from across the cavern.

"Lucky us."

"Am I being ignored?"

The way the dragon asked was polite and measured, and it almost managed to disguise the sheer malice that was bubbling up underneath it.

Almost.

"The only thing worse than a pair of thieves slinking about in the dark." His voice reverberated across the hallway, and the size of them made it easy to see the way his eyes narrowed into slits. "Is a pair of rude thieves."

I couldn't help it.

"You know, that's not the first time that someone's called me a thief today, and I'm starting to take it personally."

Drop.

Dead.

Silence.

You could have heard a pin drop - or maybe the sound of me swallowing the foot I just jammed into my mouth before the dragon's maw curled up and flashed with a row of teeth so sharp you could cut yourself just by getting too close to them.

It's at times these where I'm forced to confront the fact that my survival instincts are jerks who tap in and out whenever they want to, because my tongue decided to go on autopilot right then and no one was around up there to veto it.

"Oh?" His forelegs hit the ground like falling boulders as he heaved himself up a little, and the room shook again. More gold coins poured off him, clinking down among the rest as the higher he rose. "Is that so, little trespasser? Have I offended the insects that intruded upon my domain?"

"...I prefer visitors."

"You speak to me of your preferences?" The dragon chuckled deeply, and we took a few steps back as he began to writhe forward. "How quaint. And though it has been quite some time since last I stirred, I do believe that custom dictates a visitor must be invited in before they traipse into one's home at their leisure."

... The thing is, he did have a point.

Or maybe not.

He did steal this place from the previous owners after doing a bunch of horrible things to them, so he's got no room to talk.

Luckily, I had enough of a filter to know that bringing that up was the kind of bad idea I didn't want to play around with right now.

The presence he was giving off as it is was bad enough - it felt like I was tasting static, and the more he moved around, the more the smell of sulfur, ash, and something distinctly nasty clogged up my nose.

"We apologize for intruding on your domain," Sairaorg stepped up and plastered a smile I knew was fake onto his face. "We've only just learned that a great dragon was sleeping under this mountain, and we wanted to see it for ourselves."

He even sounded a little different when he talked - like the noble heir he was until a few years ago, and not my goofy friend who was as easy-going as it got and punched like an eighteen-wheeler with no brakes installed.

The dragon's gaze narrowed even more, and his neck stretched out as he came closer.

"You claim not to know of me?"

I wasn't sure whether that was offence or confusion rumbling under the question, but my fingers twitched for my bow anyway.

"No. Our home is very far away, and we've never even heard your name. A true shame."

Oh.

My eyes widened

Chiron did tell us something about this, didn't he?

Dragons were prideful - like, more than gods prideful, and they used their names and titles interchangeably because they were all edgy like that.

Getting a dragon to talk about their name - and themselves by extension - is a great way to buy yourself a few minutes if one ever decided to corner you and make you its late-night snack.

"Indeed," Sure enough, the great fiery thing backed up for a breath before his wings exploded out as he rose to all of his genuinely terrifying height. "I am Smaug the Impenetrable, The Dragon Dread, Bane of Dwarves, and King Under The Mountain!"

The last roar nearly burst my eardrums - and that's saying something, considering my tolerance for sounds of all kinds.

"And now that you are familiar with my name, I would have yours." He slammed back down with his forelegs, and this time dust rained down from above as the tremors jolted the entire cavern. "I have not smelled either of your kind before - you are not of Men, do not try to deny it. Who are you and where do you come from that your people do not know of my name, might I ask?"

It may have been phrased like one, but it wasn't a question, and he asked it it like a serial killer looking up a potential victim's home.

Only the serial killer would probably be the safer bet here.

"I am Sairaorg of House Bael, and this is my friend Daniel. And as for our home-" Sai shrugged with the kind of casualness everyone standing here knew was feigned, but said nothing about anyway. "You wouldn't have heard of it, or our kind."

Smaug exhaled, a hint of acrid smoke rising from his nostrils.

"Is that right?"

"It's in the middle of nowhere, really." I didn't flinch when the dragon turned back towards me, which is something I'm absolutely going to be proud of in the event that we don't get barbecued. "It's beneath your notice."

"Hmm." He mused, eyes flickering over us as he adjusted his weight. "Perhaps. I would thought you liars had I smelled the scent of dwarf on you."

"We've never met any dwarves."

And I don't think you should be expecting visitors, either.

Oh, that I do know. No stench lingers quite like that of dwarf flesh, and I know it well - no one better!" He laughed, and the cruel delight there was something I didn't want to describe even if I had the words for it. "It was I who drove them out of this mountain, who broke their misbegotten pride and ate their people like a wolf amongst sheep."

Something in his eyes changed, then.

"And how scrumptious they were."

The way he looked at us now…

Yeah, no.

We were done here.

"On that note, we're late for lunch ourselves." I met Sairaorg's eyes, and I think he got it right away because he just barely nodded. "Let's do this again some other time. Bye!"

And then we turned around and broke out into a dead sprint that lasted for all of about five seconds before we split up and streaked off in either direction, just like we practiced.

Half a beat after that, Smaug's entire absurdly-sized head slammed down onto the platform we'd been standing on, reducing it to rubble with the same kind of effort you'd use to snap a toothpick in half.

"I think not!" The dragon coiled up behind us like a monstrous behemoth, tail flicking out like a serpent, wings flaring and brushing against the pillars holding up the place as before charged forward far faster than something his size had any right to move. "It has been quite some time since my last rising, and after such a riveting conversation I find myself famished. Should the first morsel please me, perhaps I'll permit the other to-!"

"TALKING ISN'T A FREE ACTION!"

My arrow - the one I'd nocked and aimed in the time it'd taken him to spit out the words, and one of the few celestial bronze ones I had left struck at his eye and erupted in a deliberate flare of golden light and concussive force like a cannon blast.

What?

You all know what I'm about.

The screech of pain and unholy rage Smaug let rip felt like it was the horn to call out the end of the world.

They probably heard it all the way back down in Esgaroth, and for a second, I thought I'd settled things before they'd gotten out of hand.

Then Smaug lunged forward, eye-blinking erratically but otherwise unharmed, and his good eye locked onto me.

Crap.

Most dragons had magic-resistant hides, didn't they?

The scales may offer the most protection, but the rest of their bits got a nice little general buff anyway.

"You dare harm me!" A clawed talon the size of a small car hurtled down towards me and deflected my second arrow harmlessly before smashing down at the spot I'd just been standing in and punching right through solid rock like cardboard. "Insignificant wretch! Your death will be agony for this insult!"

"Oi!" Smaug heard that and snarled upwards - and then he bellowed in raging disbelief as Sairaorg landed on his snout, wings out, and punched down hard. "Pay attention to me too!"

The burst from his touki-enhanced fist landed like an earthquake and displaced the air violently, and the way Smaug struck the ground jaw first would have been comical if his scales didn't remain unbroken.

Sairaorg hissed and leaped off warily a second before those jaws snapped right back up after him again.

"Fool! I know not what manner of thing you are, but there is no victory for you here! My armor is like tenfold shields, my teeth are swords, my claws spears, the shock of my tail a thunderbolt, my wings a hurricane, and my breath-" The scales from his belly up to the end of his neck began to lit up with a crimson glow, and my brain started screaming. "-death!"

"MOVE!"

Sairaorg and I were up against the roof an instant before the firestorm erupted out of his maw, but if we'd been even a second slower it wouldn't have mattered - his flames lashed out with real magic, malicious and cascading and spreading all across the chamber in the blink of an eye.

They glowed a shade of red that was as wrong to the world as the dragon that spawned them, and the heat was so scorching that the stoneworks that wasn't melting at proximity began to crackle and pop like chains of firecrackers.

And Smaug kept going too, even when everything began to go a hellish shade of red with the temperature to match.

Starting to really panic now, I shot down and onto the edge of the room just outside the line of sight of his ruined eye, cocking another arrow - but he must have smelled me or something, because I only had time to curse and duck before his tail swung out and slammed against the entire wall that had been behind me with enough power to shatter it like glass, sending an eruption of dust and splintered debris out.

"Damn it!"

"I have you now!"

Smaug bellowed, still spitting fire, and angled his head off directly at me. The flames incinerated it instantly and nearly caught the back of my shoes as I flung myself out of the way and into the most absurdly uneven flight path I've ever taken, and then Sairaorg took the chance to dive in again.

His strike landed like the roar of an explosion, and the utter force of it knocked back the dragon's head at an angle so twisted it would have shattered the spine of any other creature I could think off of the top of my head.

With Smaug, it just left him that much more furious.

"YOU WILL BURN!"

…


…


Right, screw all this noise.

It's time for me to pull out the really big gun.

"Sairaorg!" I yelled out over the berserk dragon and the roar of spreading flames "I need one minute!"

He didn't answer, but I knew he got the gist of it as he dove back in again.

I was asking a lot - One minute might not seem like much on paper, but with the kind of fights we get into, even a second could be the difference between life and a ridiculous excessive death.

Unfortunately, I needed it.

I'd been learning magic it for months, and I had only one spell brainstormed in the tank guaranteed to work here - if I could pull it off - but it needed every bit of that time to make it count.

When you lived in a world where dragons were among the most powerful creatures to ever terrorize the masses and your odds of running into one weren't zero, it paid to have a way to fight back.

This was mine, or at least it was supposed to be when I thought it up.

Now, I was going to test it out against the real deal.

I flew back up against the farthest edges of the cavern and let Sairaorg hammer away at Smaug's nearly indestructible hide before I slung my bow back and reached for my spear instead.

I gripped it carefully and took another deep breath.

There was no rationing power for what came next - it was an all-or-nothing attack, and if I messed it up I'd need Sairaorg to pull me out of the line of fire.

Literally.

"Here goes..."

I raised the spear up and let my divine power surge outwards, igniting a corona of golden sunlight around that quickly went from bright to blinding.

The air hummed with a new kind of pressure as it built up, and even the glow of the dragon fire seemed to dim as I pulled on more and more, until it it felt like I was trying to hold onto a star ready to go supernova.

Smaug might've stiffened and tried to turn around, but another ceiling-rattling blow distracted him as I poured out all of that power out until my gut burned from the effort - and then I directed it to my spear.

"It is said that on the fourth day after his birth graced the world, Mighty Apollo learned of the tale of woe that Python, Child of Gaea, visited upon Mother Leto."

The words echoed, and reality seemed to fall silent as my voice overtook everything.

"So great was the lord's vengeful wrath that at once did he take arms and descend upon Delphi, where dwelt the foul beast."

No, it wasn't just my voice anymore - it had gone layered, and it felt like I was being spoken through so much as speaking myself, the power taking life and meaning of its own.

"Over and over their battle raged, until at last did Apollo draw back his bow and let loose a single, piercing blow."

The spear in my hand shuddered before the shaft and the orichalcum came alive with pure sunlight, and something distinctly more menacing.

Everyone felt it, too.

Across the cavern, Sairaorg's eyes widened and he flew back at once, and Smaug's head rounded on me with something I doubt the dragon had felt in a long, long time, if ever.

Genuine fear.

"What power is this!?"

"Not power.." I said - no. I intoned. "Judgement. With this strike, I deliver unto you your death, beast!"

"You-!"

"Now fall and be silent!"

"No!"

This was my greatest spell - an application of divine thaumaturgy that weaponized the myth of Apollo slaying Python, one of the greatest dragons of ancient Greece in one blow, and channelled it through any medium.

Preferably an arrow, but it worked on my spear just fine, elevating it from an ordinary weapon into - for just one instant - a proper dragon-slaying armament.

"Serpent's Downfall!"​

Smaug lunged forward in a desperate, instinct-fuelled attack, flames surging forward as he charged at me in a last-ditch effort to stop the inevitable.

"What are you!?"

I didn't answer

I just hurled my spear forward, and it struck home and lit the world with power and cascading noise as Smaug howled.

...








Average Villain: Monalogue and Special Move Time!









View: https://imgur.com/jkuhMJW








Daniel: TALKING ISN'T A FREE ACTION!









View: https://imgur.com/ZdxAHrE​


As always leave your comments and ideas and if you don't like it please be courteous.
Last edited: Apr 2, 2025
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Darkplayer35, Ender Wiggen and 1,130 others
Firewillreign
Mar 31, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Seriously, What Even Is Today!?
View content
Firewillreign
Firewillreign
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 26, 2023
Messages888
Likes received82,880
Apr 4, 2025
Add bookmark
#487
Here goes:

"Serpent's Downfall!"​

I saw it just as I went to throw my spear.

As Smaug bore down on me like a meteor built of scales and flashing teeth, jaws unhinging and erupting with the heaviest, darkest flames I've ever seen, a kind that pooled in his maw like malevolent napalm that seemed to sear even the air itself in his instinctive, haywire charge to prevent what was coming, I clocked the patch of missing scales on his left breast.

There it was, as bare as a snail out of its shell - a hollow spot just a little over and way from the point where his foreleg met the rest of his body.

An obvious, critical chink in his supposedly impenetrable armor, and to an archer, it was effectively the equivalent of a bright red gleaming bullseye on a scoreboard.

I didn't even have to think about it.

He roared something murderously - and fearfully - at me that went ignored as I launched my spear towards it with all my might, letting it hurtle forward in a line he had no hope of avoiding as it trailed spectral light and put out enough magic that even an ordinary mortal would have been able to taste the stuff in the air before impact.

Everything seemed to slow down.

Smaug talked a big game and threatened an even bigger one, but I saw the exact instant that the fear in his eyes leveled up into genuine and total terror, the way his flames tried to lick at the spear ineffectually, and how his bulk tried to rear away to avoid it - maybe even to protect that one vulnerable spot if he knew it was there at all.

It didn't save him.

"No!"

All he managed to do in his desperate attempt to survive was have the spear miss the patch by a little under a foot, and in the end?

It struck the scales there and, backed by the conceptual weight of a dragon-slaying myth and all the divine power I could use to empower it, punched right through anyway and lanced deep into the flesh within.

What happened next was...

""▅▅▅▂▅▂▄▅▃▃▄!"

Beyond words.

One spell, one spear, and a breath - then we passed through the threshold of the absurd and right into hell with a hop and a handbasket.

Smaug's charges and roars of fury had been one thing, but his death throes?

Boom!

Nothing short of cataclysmic.

The titanic dragon jerked back convulsively and let rip a sound that shock-waved through the air, slamming into me with physical force and driving me back just as he quite literally lit up like a star, scales and wing membranes going almost translucent as the fiery mess erupting inside of him began to seep out - like a shaded lamp with a too bright bulb, only the bulb was also a stick of dynamite on the verge of exploding right in my face.

It wasn't just his flames going berserk either, but the light and divinity I'd poured into him too, and the unholy - or maybe especially holy - combination built up as he thrashed and flailed, claws cleaving through stone like rows of hot knives through butter, tail thrashing and shaking the cavern with every ridiculous blow it landed against the wall, and wings buffeting the rapidly-heating air until it felt like even the breath in my lungs was on the verge of bursting into flames and burning me from the inside out, just like he was.

Then it got worse.

""▅▅▅▂▅▂▄▅▃▃▄!"

The pressure skyrocketed through the roof and up and out towards the stratosphere as Smuag roared - or screamed, or did something so awful I'd never forget it in my life ever again - and for a second, it was as if the whole world was dissolving into this furious inferno ready to leap out and incinerate us, the mountain and everything else for good measure.

I plastered myself at a higher perch and as far away as I could get from the nightmarish meltdown, and suddenly Sairaorg was there too, rocketing over the dying dragon so fast he nearly crashed through the stalactites around me before he pulled out of his flight to press against my side.

We didn't have to talk, not that we could have right then.

His eyes met mine, and he nodded fiercely as he flared his Touki outwards as far as he could push it, while I wrapped what was left of my divine power out over it and together, we put a hundred and fifty thousand percent of our collective effort into not dying horribly as Smaug's glow hit it's final peak and burned brightly enough that it still felt like we were about to catch on fire through the shield.

We might have been screaming through the sheer adrenaline as we pushed back against it - I honestly can't remember.

And then, in that stupidly abrupt way that that'd been happening more and more at the weirdest times over the past few months, it was suddenly over.

One second the giant murder lizard was getting force-fed an ungodly heaping of what had to have been extremely well-deserved karma in one go, and the next the light show stuttered, spluttered, and winked right out of existence.

For a split-second, Smaug-

Wait, no.

Not Smaug.

His corpse seemed to stay suspended a few meters above the ground as we caught sight of it, trapped in the instant he'd leaped up in some frenzied attempt to escape the agony that was ripping him apart, his wings splayed out, neck extended up to the cavern roof and eyes left as sallow, lightless pits the color of chalk.

The rest of his body seemed strangely unharmed, save for the spot where my spear had pierced through him - that still glowed faintly, a single dot of color blinking and pulsing in his chest oddly even though the job was already done.

Sairorg and I blinked, holding our breaths - And then time kicked back in with a vengeance, and hundreds of tons of draconic dead-weight tumbled back down to the floor with this terrible, groaning crack that had it shattering under him and belching up a wave of clogging dust and debris like a blown water-hydrant.

And that was that.

"..." "..."

Slowly, carefully, we floated down from our corner on the cavern roof, panting hard and drenched in sweat as we very gingerly got closer and closer.

We didn't have to - I felt it when Smaug died, and I'm plenty sure Sairaorg did too, but after all that we were so keyed up that you could probably hear our blood pressure from across the room.

Despite that, and even with all the dust in the air and the heat from the patches of red-hot and outright molten rock scattered all over the place - and I'm not even going to talk about the stench of dragon, because dear dad was that nasty - there was an extra edge from before that just wasn't there anymore.

Smaug's presence and that heavy, slithering malice he'd been putting out dissipated the moment he croaked - or at least dispersed enough that whatever after-affects and bits of it sticking around after the fact were a walk in the park compared to the real deal.

And speaking of the real deal-

"Ugh."

Our feet finally touched the ground, and a sudden bout of dizziness hit me like a truck. I'd have toppled over if Sairaorg hadn't seen it coming and thrown my hand across his shoulders to prop me up.

"Are you okay?"

"Fine." I palmed my face with my free hand and tried "Just... took a lot out of near the end."

It was just a second of disorientation - I'd never used that much power in one go, and the moment I stopped floating on that rush it was like my whole system glitched and had to load back up again.

"You?"

"Never better."

Sure.

Because I was obviously just imagining the exhausted, heaving breaths, the copious sweating and the way his free hand kept clenching and unclenching as he tried to shake off phantom pains.

"Lying is a sin you know."

Said the demigod to the devil.

He gave me a look so flat for that one it was basically 2D, and I snorted.

"I heard it as soon as I said it."

"Moron."

"Idiot."

"Numbnuts"

"Muscle brain."

"Glowstick."

"Loudmouth."

"Really? Coming from you?"

Fair

"Well, I would know, wouldn't I?"

"Yeah, know how to get us both killed, Mr. Run-my-mouth in front of a dragon!"

"Hey, at least I didn't start kissing up to him, you spoiled noble brat!"

"Former noble brat! And I was playing dumb to buy time!"

"What, was being yourself that hard?"

He raised his fist and waved it threateningly.

"Not as hard as I'm going to deck you!"

"Bring it-!" I started to say, matching his grin tit for tat, before my eyes flickered back and the smile flickered out just as fast.

Sairaorg tracked the movement and ended up staring just like I was.

"...Wow."

"Yeah." The enormity of what we just did came back to me just as quickly as I'd pushed it away. "...Sairaorg, we fought a dragon.... we killed a dragon."

"... Yeah, I guess we did."

This was huge.

In the supernatural side of the world, dragon-slaying was a Big Deal, in capital letters.

Absolutely nuts, even - like scaling Mount Everest, or winning the Superbowl three times in a row.

Sure, it could mean more or less depending on what kind of dragon it was and how strong they were, and I had no idea where Smaug would have fit into the hierarchy way back home, but with how new we both were at this it was still an insane feat that we managed to pull off.

And by the skin of our teeth, too.

If I hadn't had that spell ready, and the power to fuel it...

I swallowed dryly as I thought about it, glancing over at Smaug's cooling corpse and feeling a little jolt as I realized just how massive he was again - big enough to flatten my old home like a Lego model or blast it into smithereens with one whip of his tail.

If I'd messed up even a little, we'd have been in trouble.

A lot of things ran through my mind after that, most of them distant as I stared at the dragon some more.

But one came first before all the others.

"...Huh. Hey, Sai?"

"Hmm?"

"Chiron is going to eviscerate us when he finds out about this, isn't he?"

"...Yep."

No ifs or buts about it.

We both nodded, before slowly turning to meet each other's eyes.

"..."

"..."

"Hrrnk." "Snnkt."

Then we staggered and snorted, fell back against the nearest wall with our arms over each other's shoulders, and immediately began to howl with laughter.

And if it sounded borderline hysterical, well, no one was around to judge.

...​

A good while later, when we were done losing our minds a little, - and I was already smiling at how quickly I could feel myself regenerating my magic, even if I was running on near empty right that second - we finally clambered back up to our feet and started figuring out what to do.

First, though, I tried casting a nifty spell of recall Chiron had taught me to collect any arrows that were scattered close by. I was only looking for just the one - the second shot I'd taken at Smaug had bounced off, and the arrow had been one of the few celestial bronze ones I had left.

Nothing.

I grimaced even though it made sense - It'd fallen into ground zero with all the fire and the carnage, so the shaft was dust in the air and the bronze was probably a little dollop of molten slag mixed in with the rock.

Probably for the best that I didn't have that flying towards me, now that I thought about it.

Then I tried calling for my spear, and that's when things got weird.

Look, I wasn't expecting it to work.

After all, I'd sent the damned thing into what I was, like, ninety percent sure was Smaug's heart, so even though it stung like nobody's business I was ready to write it off as a loss.

I held out my hand and tried recalling it on a whim, just for the sake of trying, and then my head snapped over to the mountain that was Smaug's body as I felt something twitch on the other end of the connection.

A resonance, like the spell had latched onto something and was tugging at it insistently after it refused to give the first time.

The heck?

Sairoarg frowned as he saw my brows furrow in concentration.

"What's wrong?"

I waved him off, distracted by the sensations I kept getting as I poured more magic into the spell and reached for oh what the hell is that!?

I yelped, drew back my hand and tackled the squawking Sairaorg down just as a vaguely familiar streak of light lanced out of Smaug's chest, rocketing straight up with a sharp air-cutting whistle before it curved right back down again and striking into the spot where we'd been standing with a sound of sharp metal sinking into stone.

I grunted as I turned around, and...

And...

My jaw dropped.

"No way," Sairaorg whispered as he got back to his feet, and he was right to. "What happened to it?"

The it was obviously my spear, and the answer to that was who the flip knows?

It looked the same, but that was in shape only - the light ashwood had changed and darkened into a shade like red-brown rust, and I could swear it was getting darker by the second as small, long-winding streaks of molten color that reminded me of veins of all things stretched around it and seemed to seep deeper into the wood the longer I stared at it.

The spearhead had changed too, the sharp, brass-like shine of the orichalcum shifting into something that was closer to red-gold and getting darker just as quickly as the wood, and the entire spear was covered in a hazy aura that flickered in shades of red, orange, and dull gold.

"I don't know."

But it radiated danger and I could tell that touching it right now was a bad idea, so I wracked my brain for an explanation even as we backed away from it.

Thinking it through now... what had I done, exactly?

It was already a subtly magical spear, and I'd empowered it with a divine dragon-slaying spell before turning right around and using it to kill an evil dragon with a single blow straight to the heart.

...

Symbolism like that had a lot of meaning in the magical side of things, and meaning could usually be translated to power and effects.

My eyes shifted back to the spear, looking over it carefully.

Sometimes permanent effects.

...

I needed to talk to Chiron about this - probably after he was done tearing us a whole new dimension for this stunt.

"Just leave it where it is for now." I hesitated. "Let it cool off, I guess."

"Great." He gave it another look himself before shrugging "Now what?"

Good question.

...​

So - what do two conquering heroes do after they've just drawn a ridiculously massive dragon out of his lair and ganked the enormous jerk?

Well, obviously, they start looting! We had lessons on it and everything!

No, seriously.

See, it goes like this - heroes killing monsters is a regular old thing in just about every mythology ever, and in those stories, the odds were always good that the monster with a deadline before death-by-hero was going to have some kind of treasure going for it.

Sometimes it was its own, and sometimes it was stolen or left behind by its victims, or something else like that.

The point was that it was there, and the hero who did all the work got to call dibs on a whole bunch of nice and shiny things as a reward.

Except it wasn't always that easy.

If the hero was a soldier or a slave (that happened too) or answered to any kind of higher power, like a lord or a king or even a god who'd put them up to it, they had about as much claim to it as any regular Joe off the street.

If they were contracted or hired to kill a monster by somebody else, chances were it'd be the contractor who had the rights to whatever it was that was left behind, and the hero would have to settle for what they agreed to be paid with beforehand.

It's when they were neither and were in it for the fun of it, or just happened to be swinging by when they took care of business that things got a little blurry.

Say you killed a monster that'd been terrorizing a village for a few years now and stealing away all of its valuables left and right - technically, all that stuff belonged to you now.

The villagers wouldn't have a strong claim to it anymore, not after losing it in the first place, and it's not like they could force the issue when they couldn't even square up against the monster you had to kill to get it back.

Only, glory and honor and all that jazz had their place too, and nobody really wanted to be known as that one jerk who heroically killed this or that monster only to make off with the people's treasure and leave them all to rot.

I mean, you technically could, but your reputation would take a hit and you'd come out of it looking like a total dipstick.

On the flip side, by returning some of the treasure you ended up smelling like sunshine and roses, and you still got first pick of all the goodies

If you were really lucky, you could get enough treasure anyway that you'd probably be pretty loaded one way or the other when everything was said and done.

Smaug's hoard had been stolen from an entire kingdom of dwarves, mountain and all, which meant a lot of it had to stay, but since we had first-pick, and there was so much there...

I stared at the oceans and oceans of economy-threatening treasure in the cavern where the dragon had slept and let myself laugh a little incredulously.

"We're freaking rich."

"No, you're rich now." Sairaorg grinned and nudged me with his elbow, but even he was staring around like he couldn't tell up from down or anywhere else at all. "I'm just rich-er, peasant."

He wasn't wrong, actually.

When Sairaorg got booted out of his Bael heirship, he lost out on a pretty ridiculous amount of money and power down in the Underworld, and pretty much anywhere the devils had free reign.

Luckily, because his mom was just as smart as his dad was a scumbag, he still had the inheritance she left for him, which came with a bunch of perks like a whole estate and a manor back home, servants to take care of it and enough money that he probably never even had to ask for prices when paying for stuff unless he really cut loose.

Devil nobles were excessive like that.

Still, though...

"Jerk."

He yelped and flailed as I shoved into a pile of gold the size of a small car before leaping up and chasing me around the chamber until we called a truce.

By then, I'd seen so many things I was tempted to hurry up and pocket that my fingers were starting to twitch like a kleptomaniac.

Some were just plain cooler than others - I saw a set of brilliant golden harps off to one side, strung with strings that glinted silver in the light that had me reaching and the fingers of one hand down the column while my other tested out a few the way only a total beginner could.

The way they quivered and the tinkling notes they hit made me smile.

I'd never used a harp before, but my dad did, and it was kind of a big thing with him too.

Something to think about for later.

For now, though...

"There's no way we can sort this out ourselves," I said, and Sairaorg was already nodding along with me before I'd even finished. "We should-"

"Get Chiron? I figured." He titled his head off to the side, gesturing to the hallway we'd just crawled through. "We kind of need his help with the dragon too."

"Wha?- oh" I blinked as it hit me. "Right."

Dragon parts were valuable magical ingredients - you could use them in everything from tool-making to alchemy, and the older and more powerful, the better.

The corpse of a dragon like Smaug was worth way more than its weight in gold to the people who knew how to use it.

It was kind of morbid when you really thought about it, but it's not like Smaug was going to be complaining anytime soon, and even if he could I'd tell the the reptile from hell to go pound sand.

Serves him right for pulling everything that he did and then topping it off by trying to eat us.

"Yeah, we probably do need to bring Chiron back here."

Because there was no way I'd ever be able to take Smaug back with us when we tried - we'd all die trying, and the gold was also a no-go.

Frankly, if I could get us over to Chiron and back without ending up with another splitting headache that made me regret all of my life choices up to now, I'd consider it a win.

We could worry about the other stuff later.

"But weren't we supposed to visit your family first?"

I winced.

Right. That.

"We're already late."

Katie was probably already up by now, and Alex too, so I was in for it no matter when I got back at this point.

A few more hours wouldn't change that anymore.

"Might as well get the important things out the way first now that we're on it."

It'd leave me more time to visit later, without having to rush.

He shrugged.

"If you're sure."

Great.

Now all we had to do was wait for me to store up enough magic again, and we were out of here.

First things first though...

We walked back to the spot where I'd left my spear. By now the lights had faded away and the dark colors had settled in, but I wasn't fooled by that.

It was still thrumming with power and letting more of the stuff waft off of it, even if it seemed different now.

Calmer.

Sai and I exchanged another look, and I sighed.

"Here goes nothing."

I gingerly reached for the thing with a careful stretch of my hand, half expecting it to burst into flames the second my fingertips brushed against the wood.

But it didn't.

Instead, I started as it momentarily flashed when I got a good grip on it, almost jolting in my hand as I pulled it free from the ground and hefted it up before it dimmed and went quiet again.

Sairaorg stared at me expectantly as I moved it left and right, switching it from hand to hand and comfortably twirled it in my grip. I even ran it through a few drills, thrusting and jabbing experimentally and listening to the way the air seemed to faintly shriek around the blade every time.

"So?"

"I don't know. It feels alright."

Actually, it felt better than that - strong and steady, right even.

A bit strange too, but it wasn't exploding in my grip after all that, so I wasn't going to look a gift horse in the mouth.

I also very deliberately didn't push any more magic forward and... I don't know, do something with it, because at this point, it was better safe than sorry.

"Feels a little... sharp to me," Sairoarg muttered, eyes narrowing before he shrugged again. "But maybe Chiron will say for sure. Are you ready?

"Looks like it." I agreed, and slung it into the strap over my back before rolling my neck a little. "Let's head back to Esgaroth and get Courage."

I'd left my little buddy back in the town to have a little run-around, so who knows what he was up to right now?

...​

In the end, we managed to make it about ten steps out the path we came, enjoying the real sunlight and the fresh air of the mountainside before we got interrupted again.

Honestly, I'm just happy we got that much - or at least I was, before I heard the low, steady voice ring out behind us.

"Greetings"

Both of us whirled on the spot, knees already bent and ready to break out in either direction at a twitch before we zeroed in on the source.

Perched on the handle of the axe held in one of the dwarven soldier statues guarding either side of the Lonely Mountain's gate was a single, solitary black raven, glancing down at us with dark and beady eyes.

"I am Roäc," The raven's head rose a little as his wings puffed out, like he was standing to attention. His beak shifted as he spoke, mannerisms inhuman but nothing as wrong Smaug's had been, or at all for that matter.."Chief of the last great flocks of Ravenhill. Allies to the Line of Thrór I of Erebor, King Of Durin's Folk, whose descendants remains the true heirs to this mountain and the kingdom within."

"..."

"..."

"I'm Daniel Winchester." I pointed to the side. "This is Sairaorg Bael."

"Greetings." Sai raised his hand in a wave that was only a little awkward and parroted back the raven's words, and if the bird was disappointed by the lackluster responses, it didn't show it.

Though to be fair, I'm not sure I would been able to tell anyway.

"Well met."

Just the fact that I didn't even flinch at the sight of a genuine talking bird should say a lot about the kind of life I'm leading these days.

"Can we help you?"

I was still ready for him to transform into a twenty-foot-tall monstrosity with teeth for eyeballs and try and pounce on us, but he only hopped back a little as a gentle breeze brushed past us all, ruffling his feathers in its wake.

"You have slayed the dragon."

It wasn't a question.

"Yes," Sairaorg answered for us, lips pursing a little as he raised a brow. "How did you know?"

"The Calamity's death cry was carried by the winds and echoed in the hollow of the mountain, of which my kin dwell close. The truth of its fall reached me within moments, and already the depths of its taint lift from the land."

"...Great. Is that a problem?"

Chief Roäc didn't miss a beat.

"As far from it as the sun from the moon. I congratulate you on your great victory and thank you for your noble work." His inflection didn't change and his voice didn't rise or drop, but the words that poured out of him rang with truth despite that. "The day the dragon descended from the sky was black with tragedy for Men, Dwarves and Ravens alike. The burning of Dale and breaking of Erebor preceded the destruction of many of my kin's homes, and of those that were not lost in the fires that took many of our great trees, more fled from fear or grief or both."

I... didn't know what to say to that.

Seriously, what was I supposed to say to that?

"...I'm sorry for your loss."

I felt a little lame saying it, and even Sairaorg winced, but I think that was more in quiet sympathy than it was at how inadequate the words felt off the tip of my tongue.

On the bright side, now I felt even less guilty about having Smaug skinned for parts - maybe somebody would turn his scales into a pair of oven mitts.

That seemed fair to me.

"Justice has been meted, and vengeance reaped. That must suffice for olden scars. In time, songs will be sung of this day just as they were of the one that came before. You have my respect and gratitude for such." Roäc wings fluttered, and I think he may have given us the raven equivalent of a slow nod as his head bobbed. "Duty now bids me to ask - do you seek to linger within Erebor?"

Sai and I blinked at the question.

"No."

"We're leaving." I said, before shrugging and adding, "We might come back soon, but I don't think we'll be sticking around long even then."

Just enough to take our share of that treasure, but I didn't feel like bringing that up here and now.

Roäc croaked, as if in thought - or maybe he was just clearing his throat.

"Word has reached me in months past of the heir to the throne of Thror and his kin setting out on a journey with the aid of the Grey Wanderer, having secured a means to gain entry into Erebor. I had expected and thought to welcome him and his on Durin's day, but now I fly north for the Iron Hills and their lord, Dáin Ironfoot." Roäc moved, and I realized he was readying himself to leap up into the air. "I go to spread the word of the death of the foul drake, to recall the people of the mountain from when so I came, and now to spread further the word of your valiance on this fateful day, as will my kin. This is my solemn oath to you."

Most of those titles meant nothing to us, but they seemed important and I think I got the gist of it anyway.

Looks like we were about to be famous around these parts.

"Thank you."

This time, there was no mistaking the little bow he gave us.

"Til next we meet, know that you are honored friends of the Chief and flocks of Ravenhill."

Without another word, the kingly raven beat down and took off from his perch, quickly catching the winds and veering off across the mountainside.

Sairaorg and I just stood there, watching him disappear in the distance for a long, quiet minute.

"Huh. That happened."

"It did, didn't it?"

"Our lives are weird."

"Ain't that the truth."

Let's just get out of here before things get any weirder, shall we?

...​

When we got back to Esgaroth, there was a whole kind of jittery, spiralling nervous tension in the air, with more people crowding outside their homes and pacing the makeshift streets then there were before, and it looked like half of them were trying to fit into either what passed for their town square in front of the largest building of them all, or trying to push each other out of the way as they head non too slowly for the docks.

The whole place had the energy of a colony of ants scattering after some kindergartener kicked over their hill, complete with so much angry yelling I'd be amazed if any of them could even hear themselves speak.

Sairaorg and I just frowned and looked on as we hopped from rooftop to rooftop, heading toward the spot where I could sense Courage was, and while a whole bunch of people saw us as we moved above them, none of them paid us so much as a second glance.

It didn't take a genius to take a guess at what it was that had them all so riled up, but there wasn't anything we could do about it right now.

"There." Sai pointed, and we leaped off the roof and dropped down in front of my dog, and a familiar face tucked away in a quiet little corner on the outskirts of town.

Courage, the fearsome hellhound descending from myth and legend, had his head draped in Alford's lap, tongue out and tail wagging as the old man laughed and rubbed his back and whatever parts of his belly he could reach without leaning over his chair too much.

Then he caught our scent, and he perked up and came bounding over even as the old man's eyes lit up.

"Lads!" He laughed again, hand rising to press against his chest."Stars, I'd feared the worst!

"Hello, Alford." I like this old man. Anyone who treated my dog right was good in my book until they screwed up. "Courage hasn't been bothering you, has he?"

Courage looked up at me and huffed.

Who, me?

"Blast the thought." Alford waved the words off as I crouched down to ruffle up Courage's fur a little. "That dog's better company than my own brother and sweeter than elvish honey besides."

I blinked.

Elvish...?

...

You know what?

More questions for later.

"Guess you had fun, huh?" I snorted and leaned back to avoid the enthusiastic slobber he was about to cover me, but I didn't have to. His nose got a little too close and he jerked back, stiffening a little as he looked at-

Ah.

My spear was slung over my back and it was probably sending him all kinds of bad signs.

"Don't worry about it. I'll explain it later." I leaned down to whisper to him, scratching under his chin for good measure. "We fought a dragon while you were here getting ear scritches. You got all the luck between us, didn't you?"

The look he gave me for that was something in between 'I regret nothing' and 'You fought a dragon? Dude, what is wrong with you?'

I had no good answers for that.

"Where's Hilda?" Sairaorg asked Alford as the old man adjusted his blanket. "Down over in town?"

"Aye. They're all up in arms and making a mess of things." He nodded. "A few of the fishermen who were out on the lake came back a little ways ago. Swore up and down on their kins souls that they heard a foul sound coming from the mountain, and enough folk agreed that they've stirred up a good and proper panic."

He settled in against his chair as he leaned back a little.

"Now, these old ears of mine aren't what they used to be, but half of Esgaroth is convinced the dragon I told you about has woken and means to fall on them from above. That's why Hilda dragged me out here and away from the noise, bless that girl's heart." He looked at us and smiled wryly. "You didn't hear it as well, did you?

"..."

"No, we didn't."

"What sound?"

Alford chuckled as we tried to look innocent and clueless.

"Aye, I thought as much. There's no dragons to be had here and now. Certainly none so slow, I would think." He shook his head comfortably. "If that old monster were awake and coming here, it'd have arrived long before the fools stopped arguing down there and left whatever poor souls escaped it choked in ash and ruin."

That... was true.

"Sounds about right."

And from the way Sairaorg looked at me, real quick and eyes very wide, he was also realising just how badly things could gone if we hadn't been able to deal with Smaug in the mountain.

Yikes.

Just... yikes.

Never thinking about that again for the foreseeable future.

"Though there is some good to be from all this trouble." Alford grinned. "The Master's fled."

Sairaorg stared.

"Your town's leader... ran away."

"Aye. Like the sniveling coward he tried so hard to pretend he wasn't." The old man was still grinning when he added, "Took a boat the very moment he heard whispers of a dragon, and stole all the people's gold as well."

...

"...And this is a good thing?"

"Of course it is, lad." Alford laughed this time. "Because he'll be back when no dragon appears, you'll see, and all the people will have seen him for what he is, and he'll get his by dusk or dawn, whichever comes first."

I... well.

When you put it like that...

"All's well that ends well," I said, before shrugging a little. "I'm almost sorry we won't be around to see it."

Seriously.

It sounds like the guy has it coming nearly as much as Smaug did.

"A shame. You'll be leaving then?"

"For now. We have to get back to our teacher, but maybe we'll come by for a visit sometime soon."

"We'll be happy to have you." He chuckled and waved us off again as we said our goodbyes. "Properly this time. I'll tell Hilda you gave your best."

Courage padded back over to him and got a last little ruffle before we left, and then it was time to leave.

Finally.

...​

Twenty minutes later, we were a little ways out of Esgaroth and I finally had enough power back that I felt ready to get us home.

"Are you sure you've got this?"

Almost.

"Sairaorg, you're not helping."

He smiled innocently

"I'm just saying-"

I jabbed a finger at him.

"One more word and I will find a way to drop us in a world full of zombies or something just so I can leave you there!"

He grinned and held his hands up in surrender.

I glared at him some more, before taking a deep breath and closing my eyes.

Alright, I think I got this.

The last time I did this, I didn't expect Sairaorg's weight - or something like that - to screw up the 'jump'.

This time, though...

I focused on the image of Chiron, the way I had for Katie and Alex before. I pictured us reaching out, leaping from this place and over to the-

"Got it."

The Spark ignited, and we vanished.

...​

Space warped.

Colors and shapes flew past as we hurtled across the constantly shifting chaos sea.

All of us this time, without falling, without losing momentum, speed building and building as we streaked towards the point I'd locked onto in the infinite distance.

No falling this time, and no endless noise - just sheer focus and movement.

Three, two, one-

...​

-And time!

We flickered and staggered back into existence right smack dab in the middle of the house, in the open pavilion where we usually had breakfast, and about three feet away from Chiron.

Score!

Not going to lie, I grinned like a lunatic when I realized I'd done it on demand.

He stared at us impassively as we straightened up a little, and I raised a hand to wave sheepishly.

"Hey teach!" No reaction. "I know you're probably really mad, but have we got a story to tell-"

"Daniel."

His tone stopped me cold.

Blank.

Steady and impassive - like he was talking to total strangers.

That's when I realized he wasn't meeting our eyes, and was instead looking at something - someone - over our shoulders.

"Well," The voice spoke up behind me, and I felt every atom in my body lock up all at once. "It's about time."

I knew who it was.

Instantly and inarguably, without looking back at all - like the information had been wired into my brain directly, and now the alarms up there were ringing at full force and blanking out everything else.

I turned around, and there he was.

Blonde-haired, blue-eyed. Tall and youthful, but sharp-featured, lounging on a highbacked chair that might as well have been a throne for how elaborate it was, and dressed in a striking black suit.

He even looked a little like me as he sat there, face propped up by one hand and observing me the way a lion did a mouse that wandered between its paws.

Or the way a god did a mortal.

Our eyes met, and for a second his flashed a golden, and I saw the looming pressure of the Sun bearing down on me for a split-second before it vanished.

"..."

"..."

"...That's not one of Chiron's chairs. Did you bring that with you?"

...

It's official - I have a death wish.

"...Not again." I heard Sairaorg mumble off to the side, but he may as well have been a million miles away as the god's eyebrow rose incrementally, a look of what might have been mild, polite amusement tugging at his expression.

"What can I say? I have a taste for proper theatrics." Apollon, Olympian God of the Sun smiled blankly, tone even, and rose from his chair with all the grace of a being who could blink and wipe me off the face of the earth. "Now let's have us a talk, Daniel Winchester."


View: https://imgur.com/z0V4IDz








...


Dan and Sai's Day, every time they think things are going well:



View: https://imgur.com/nyS1nxO









​


As always, leave your comments and ideas and if you don't like it, please be courteous.
Last edited: Apr 30, 2025
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Darkplayer35, Ender Wiggen and 1,150 others
Firewillreign
Apr 4, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks I Officially Give Up On Today
View content
Firewillreign
Firewillreign
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 26, 2023
Messages888
Likes received82,880
Apr 8, 2025
Add bookmark
#564
He only took about five steps forward, but Apollon still managed to strut through them like the world was warping to accommodate his existence and he was halfway bored with the effort - the kind of lazy, effortless confidence that'd probably have come off as ridiculously smarmy and big-headed if he wasn't a god who had enough power at his fingertips to back it up a hundred times over.

His arms were folded behind his back and his dress shoes clicked off the ground as he sauntered up to us, blue eyes focused on me with this flat, inescapable interest, and I...

Well.

I'm going to level with you here - the second I processed who he was, I kind of started screaming internally.

A lot.

"AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA-!"

Something like that, yeah.

What?

Monsters I could handle.

Dragons were a bit much, but a win was a win, and I had one of those in the bag already.

But Gods?

And this one, in particular, with all the messy and convoluted context behind everything?

Nope. Hard pass.

His just being in the room was overwhelming in every sense of the word - and acknowledging that didn't help, because he was still coming closer, and there was no eject button on this flaming train wreck of a confrontation waiting to happen.

My lizard brain broke all the speed limits as it went from zero to a thousand miles in under a second and flailing all the way, and I was honestly debating the pros and cons of yanking Sairaorg and switching worlds again right then and there on sheer instinct - until a hand caught my shoulder and startled me so badly that I nearly jumped three feet out of my skin and back before I realized who it was.

I hadn't even heard Chiron move - or anything really, what with how loud my heartbeat was thundering in my ears, but he was suddenly right there and gently but firmly pushing me back half a step behind him.

I didn't argue - I was just happy that I could suddenly breathe again as Apollon's gaze flickered from him to me.

"Forgive my student's loss for words, Lord Apollon," Chiron said politely, and something about the way he said it made me ease up the tiniest bit, and the blaring sirens in my head began to peter out a little. "He is quick-witted and quicker on his feet where it counts, but even the greatest mortals can find themselves losing their stride when graced with the presence of a god."

Apollon's brow rose an inch.

"Oh, is that what it is?"

"Indeed. I'll have to coach him through the proper conduct for such occasions thoroughly." Chiron didn't miss a beat. "After you've taken your leave, of course."

"That would be wise indeed." Apollon's polite smile quirked up a little in a way that seemed to scream 'I know what you're doing, and I know that you know that I know, but I'm going to let it slide anyway' "I suppose we should get on with it, then, so as to not waste any more time."

Then he turned back to me, and I... didn't flinch under those eerily familiar eyes, but just barely.

Chiron's presence was grounding enough that I didn't feel one wrong word or twitch away from being zapped into a dust cloud and scattered to the winds.

"I would have words with your student." Apollon tilted his head, silently gesturing to the doorway behind us. "Let's take a walk."

And then he just... strode past us without another word, stepping in between me and Sairaorg like he didn't have a care in the world.

Which I guess he didn't - not here anyway.

The second he stepped out of the room, I counted to three under my breath and whirled to Chiron, trying to keep my voice down and level before I started yelling.

"What I do-?"

"You go take a walk."

I opened my mouth to protest - and probably to say something rude, because what the hell even-?

"Don't waste time."

Chiron's fingers snapped, and the air around us changed - a split-second spell that prevented outsiders from listening in as he fixed me with this grave, might-as-well-have-been-carved-from-stone kind of look.

"I'm here, and this is my home. No harm will come to you while I draw breath." He said, and then he pointed out the door. "This was always likely to happen at some point, on some day. Apollon is rightfully intimidating, but you only need to keep your head clear, be polite, and answer his questions to his satisfaction."

Alright, that sounded like a good plan - except for the Texas-sized crater of a hole in it.

"But I can't tell him about who I am and where I come from." I took a quick breath, and glanced at Sairaorg - who looked about as cool with this as I did - before panning right back to Chiron."You told me never to tell anyone else that yourself."

And only a few hours ago at that - seriously, what even was today!?

"Yes, I did, and no, you can't. But the truth is still the truth even if phrased in exactly the right way to mislead." Chiron pushed me forward a couple of steps. "Now go - before he gets impatient."

Damn it.

I couldn't argue - Chiron had my back, and this was happening one way or the other.

In hindsight, the fact that it hadn't happened beforehand was a big deal all on its own, but I wasn't thinking about that right now.

What else was I even supposed to say here?

I turned back to Sairaorg, and the look on his face was what you'd get if you tried to plaster a smile onto a grimace and came out with something new-fangled and right smack dab in between.

"Good luck." Then he punched his palm and grinned at me, even if it came out stiffer than it ever looked. "Call me if you need backup."

... He totally would, wouldn't he?

Even though it'd be complete suicide.

For some reason, that bit of crazy stupidity fit right in our ballpark, and it made me smile through the panic.

Even Chiron chuckled faintly, murmuring things under his breath that were probably totally unflattering and still managed to sounds found anyway.

"Moron."

"Takes one to know one. Now go!"

And I did just that, darting after the god who should never be kept waiting if you knew what was good for you.

Then again, that was just about every god, really, but the point still counts.

Apollon was waiting with back to me just outside the house, hair glinting in the afternoon sun as the breeze ruffled it. He didn't do much more than angle his head my way as I stopped just half a foot away from him.

"Come. Walk with me."

And then he started making his way down the garden without looking back at me once.

I didn't exactly have any other option than to follow along behind him as we crossed the garden, stepping past the flower beads and beginning to tread up the grassy path that rounded the estate, trying not to stare too hard at him out of the corner of my vision.

The weird thing was, that the silence we started with wasn't unbearable.

Tense, sure, but after that first jolt of pure 'holy hell, I'm in trouble' flavored shock passed through my system, the air between us didn't feel dangerous.

Much.

"Tell me," Apollon began at last, the pace of his steps not changing one bit and with a conversational tone as he looked ahead and past the tree line. "Has Chiron begun teaching you of the other divine factions of the world?"

... That's not what I expected him to start with.

"Yes," I said, then I swallowed and added a quick "Sir."

Look, I can snap and snark all day and then some whenever I wanted to, but even I could tell when it was time to shape up and be real nice and polite when I had to.

"Good. Tell me what you've learned of the Norse pantheon and their Ragnarök."

...

Okay, really not what I expected him to start with.

I almost asked why, before a shrill voice in my head smacked whoever it was behind the wheel out of the way and pumped the brakes hard.

"Ragnarök is the prophecized apocalypse and end of the Norse aspect of the World," I said instead, and I got a little more comfortable when he didn't interrupt or even glance my way. "A series of escalating skirmishes and events that all lead up to a deciding battle between the Æsir, the jötnar, and everything in between and ends with the King of Muspelheim, Surtr, burning what's left of the other realms and the World Tree Yggdrasil to cinders before it all finally sinks into the primordial sea."

It's one of the scarier 'end of the world' type prophecies in mythology, where just about everything that can go wrong does - like a line of increasingly terrible dominoes falling one after the other until the last one finally topples onto a great big red button and blows everything right to kingdom come.

Sure, the world supposedly gets reborn after everything is said and done - a fresh, clean slate all around, but I don't think that's going to be much of a mood-lifter for anyone stuck at ground zero when it all eventually goes down.

"That's right." Apollon nodded, and for a second, I thought I heard approval in his voice before it went flat again. "Simplified, and lacking in multiple contexts, but an acceptable answer for a beginner. Now let me tell you a story."

We crossed past our training fields and began to loop around it as he spoke.

"Some time ago, the cycle of Ragnarök that the Norse were so dearly bound to was suspected to have halted." I blinked, and Apollon's lips quirked up a little. "Yes, it is interesting, isn't it?"

"Does that mean there's no more apocalypse waiting for them?"

I blurted out the question before I could stop myself, but he didn't acknowledge the interruption and only shook his head instead.

"Not quite. For a number of reasons - some proven and some confined to theory - the cyclical wheel of their cosmology has seemingly stopped spinning. Prophecized events destined to occur still have the potential to take place as foretold, but they are no longer in motion of their own momentum. Ragnarök is still inevitable, the immutable and inescapable beast waiting at the end of their road, but it is no longer actively approaching like a storm closing in from the horizon."

I slowly nodded.

That made sense.

The last chapter in the book was still exactly what and where it was supposed to be, but suddenly there were a whole bunch of empty pages in between here and there and nobody knew how many.

"As it turned out, several parties within the Norse who'd seemingly escaped the headsmen's axe decided they quite enjoyed living a life without waiting for the blade to drop down from above, and sought to ensure that that state of affairs was permanent." Apollon's expression changed here, and the faint smile turned a lot more wry like he was remembering an old inside joke and trying not to laugh. "So they did what many a fool has done to escape the games of fate. Something daring, ambitious, and in many ways almost overwhelmingly stupid."
I blinked.

"They stole a fragment of Surtr's essence." My jaw dropped, and he noticed. "As I said, for a group that wanted to ensure their long-term survival, they put forth a remarkably impressive display of suicidal idiocy."

I'll say - Surtr was basically a living armageddon even when he was just existing and not acting in his role in the actual armageddon.

There's poking a sleeping dragon, and then there was whacking a sentient hydrogen bomb with a war hammer and somehow expecting things to end well for you - And I would know, because I basically just finished doing the first thing and still came out on top with a souvenir to prove it.

"Regardless of the thought process behind the affair, they succeeded in making off with their prize, and used it to create a clone of Surtr."

"..."

"..."

Did I just hear that right?

"A clone?"

"A clone," Apollon confirmed, and he waved it off so easily you'd think he was talking about the weather. "What the goal behind its inception was, few can say with any certainty, but the most common belief is that it was created with the hopes that it would either grow to match its predecessor in power or perhaps usurp and siphon his into itself. A way to match the king of the fire giants or drive him into irrelevancy and defeat come Ragnarök."

"And Surtr found out about this?"

I tried to think of what that would have looked like, but all I was getting through the image in my head was enough fire to make Smaug's light show look like a matchstick in comparison.

"There's no way to know for sure, but I'm told he laughed. Once." Apollon let out a sound that might've been a chuckle as I nearly missed a step. "And why should he have done anything else? The counterfeit they staked their half-baked ambitions on turned out to be just that. A cheap imitation that didn't come close to matching the original in power and potential. When they realized this, they washed their hands of their creation, their so-called Surtr Second, and cast it out into the wilds hoping that it would disappear and that the world would simply forget about their blunder. The clone's feelings on the matter were, of course, irrelevant."

...Wow.

"That's scummy."

"And costly." He agreed. "The clone wandered the world for some time, until he was approached and willingly folded into the Abrahamic Devil Faction. The Norse tried to protest this when they realized what their haste had cost them, but they had no room to stand on after they deliberately exiled their creation, and the Devils gained a weapon with enough power to fight minor gods and the drive to do so happily for the acceptance they gave it. Or him, I suppose."

He added the last part in almost as an afterthought, but I could already tell he'd moved on past it.

What I couldn't figure out was what the point of telling me this was.

"You're wondering what this has to do with you?" The question must have shown on my face or something, because he nodded in a way that was more descisive than reassuring. "The reasoning behind the debacle I've just told you off is not quite unique, but the circumstances that led to the frankly disastrous end result it spawned were irregular - exceptionally rare, even. Messy enough that I would have never expected a repeat performance from any faction I could name off the top of my head for the foreseeable future, and certainly not own - or so I thought."

Finally, he stopped walking and turned to face me fully.

I tried not to freeze up like a deer in headlights as our eyes met again, I really did, but if wishes were horses beggars would ride, and all the rest of that noise.

"Then I found a child some eight months ago now on an otherwise ordinary night, grievously wounded and absolutely dripping in my divinity, and I found myself reconsidering that opinion."

For a moment, the words didn't quite register - They buffered and refused to lock into place with the rest of the pieces in my head.

Then they did, and I just barely managed to inhale as everything up to and including my spine froze solid in sheer shock.

Eight months ago.

The night I ended up in this world.

"You saw-?"

"Do you take me for a fool?" I abruptly swallowed down the whisper as his brow rose. A faint aura of shimmering sunlight flared out over the outline of his figure before it dimmed again, just as quickly. "Did you think I wouldn't have noticed a demigod - seemingly mine - simply appearing in what is effectively my own backyard?"

Crap.

Crap, crap, crap.

I don't think he could have thrown me for a worse loop if he'd physically picked me up and pitched over the horizon.

"You've known about me all this time."

"From the very first day."

CRAP.

I wasn't starting to panic again because of what he was saying - I was starting to panic again because I had no idea what I was supposed to say to it.

He didn't seem angry - Just steady.

Then I started thinking about it some more, and something hit me.

"Wait, it was Chiron that found me," I said, the pieces not quite adding up anymore. "It was Chiron that healed me."

"Yes, it was." Apollon agreed. "After I layered my blessing over you to keep you alive and free of pain, and subtly draw his attention and guide him to you."

My eyes widened.

"What?"

Why?

"I did so because, in those first few hours, I was furious." He said, and the truth was so heavy coming off of him you could almost feel it. I nearly flinched back on instinct alone. "I have not sired a demigod in centuries, and there you were - alive, if only just, and inarguably my own. I thought at first that it was a trick or plot against me. An attempt to undermine or weaken my position, or perhaps even to supplant some of my power."

I started, because that was a dangerous line of thought right there.

As in the 'terrible for my future life expectancy' kind of dangerous.

"I'm not-"

He raised a hand and cut me off.

"I am aware, now. Then, however, I chose to guide Chiron to you and allowed him to finish healing you without revealing myself because I needed him to take responsibility for you of his own accord. I stood off to the side and let him welcome you into his home without interference because I needed you kept somewhere where I knew where to find you while I investigated your origins to see who - or what - exactly you were supposed to be, and at whose hand you came to exist, because it was certainly not at my own."

That's...

"Did Chiron know?"

Apollon blinked, languid and curiously like he was surprised that that was my first question.

I was a little surprised too, honestly.

"He did not, before today. Your teacher is no fool, so I imagine he must've at least suspected that there might've been something a touch too convenient about the way he just so happened to stumble on to you moments before your 'death'-"

I didn't shudder at that, but it was a close call. Remembering that part of that night was just nasty.

"-but he had no knowledge of my plan at all, because he likely wouldn't have kept it to himself."

Apollon smiled in that same wry way from before.

"Chiron so despises the idea of lying to his students or the people that hold his confidence. It makes him both trustworthy and annoyingly difficult to work with at times."

I nodded slowly.

That was good.

I didn't think Chiron would have lied to me anyway, but it was still nice to hear it firsthand.

And now since that was out of the way-

"Why not just ask me?"

Not that I minded, because having him show up that early on would have scared the life out of me for sure, but it sounded like he'd gone out of his way to make things way harder for himself than they should have been when he could have just interrogated me from the start.

"If you were what I thought you were, the chances that your creators would have left you with any knowledge worth looking into was as likely as Dionysus choosing to swear a vow of sobriety." Apollon snorted at the thought and shook his head. "And as I've already said, I was angry. Very, very angry. You wouldn't have enjoyed my questioning."

I stepped back before I even knew I was doing it, and I almost twitched for my spear before I remembered how useless that would be.

"After a few months, I found nothing - and I looked extensively." Maybe he was pretending not to see how nervous I was - or maybe he just didn't care, but strangely, I didn't think that was it. "I even investigated the involvement of the Underworld - that hellhound pup I found in your shadow didn't help my suspicions any, and the only reason I didn't investigate the devil-"

His voice shifted imperceptibly and back as he brought up Sairaorg.

"-was because he'd come for Chiron's tutelage and had no apparent attachment to you. Then, at least."

The distinction sounded downright grudging for a second there.

"Without any more to go on, I simply continued to watch."

"Watch?" I repeated, trying to keep up. Then my brows rose "You were watching me?"

Apollon didn't answer.

Instead, he raised his hand again, palm-up first.

Between one blink and the next, a glimmering sapphire the size of a large egg appeared in his grip, almost perfectly round and cut with so many flat faces that it sparkled like a disco bowl in the sunlight.

His eyes flared with light, and the sapphire followed suit and began to spill out refracting beams like an old-school projector kicking into high gear.

Slowly, wherever the beams hit, ghostly images began to play out in full, life-like size, and my breath hitched.

Because I recognized them.

Me and Sairaorg at our very first spar.

The two of us fighting the giant scorpion in its lair.

My archery classes with Chiron.

The moment I first learned to fly.

A whole bunch of other things, big and small

"You saw all of that?"

"I did," Apollon said quietly. "When you invoke my name in thaumaturgy, you resonate with my divinity and draw on aspects of my domains. Once, that'd be nothing more than white noise, but in this era, it's a sensation I have not experienced in...quite some time."

... He just said he hadn't had a demigod child in centuries, hadn't he?

Before I could think of that too much, he turned to glance over my shoulder and frowned.

"What is that spear?"

I blinked when he held out his free hand, and it vanished from its sling and reappeared in his grip in a flash of light.

"What sharp anger." He tutted, eyeing the red-gold blade before he looked back up at me questioningly "Where did you get this?"

"It's mine. I killed a dragon with it."

"..."

"..."

Okay, I may have a problem with blurting stuff out.

"Did you now?"

Damn it, now he was looking at me funny again.

What was it that Chiron said?

The truth is still the truth even if phrased in exactly the right way to mislead

"We messed up when we were teleporting." I explained hastily, and I don't think I've ever picked my words more carefully in my entire life "We ended up somewhere outside of its lair - this place called the Lonely Mountain, and we ended up exploring and waking it up. Things happened, stuff went down, and we ended up fighting and killing it."

Apollon took that in slowly, before he stabbed it into the ground and took a step towards me.

"Uh-"

And then his hand was on top of my head, and I went still.

Dead still.

"Think of the memory of your battle." He instructed, in the same way people did when they were ordering you and knew you were going to listen one way or the other. "Offer it to me."

...

He was going to read my memories or something, wasn't he?

Suddenly, his hand felt like it weighed a million tons.

I almost paled and went back to the internal screaming before I bit the inside of my cheek and clenched my fists hard enough that my knuckles went numb.

Right, think fast. What do I-?

Wait, that's it.

Think

I thought of Smaug- only Smaug.

The trip through the mountain, the treasure room and the moment he awoke, and everything up to the point where I sent my spear into his heart.

Nothing else.

'Offer it to me', he'd said.

So I did - I imagined the memories being given to him, almost like a prayer, and that was enough.

Look. Here it is.

Not even a second later, Apollon's eyes widened as he stepped back.

"Using that reenactment of myth to land the finishing blow... you've likely elevated a mediocre weapon into a dragon-killing spear of some power." For the fourth time over, his voice changed again, so much so that I was getting hit by the emotional whiplash just from trying to keep up. "Impressive."

"Thank you?"

He didn't respond - but he didn't stop staring either.

I resisted the urge to fidget as he eyed me... I don't even know how to describe it properly - just that it was intense.

"Who are you, Daniel Winchester?"

The question didn't come out of the left field - The moment he opened his mouth again, I swear I just about saw it coming, but it still landed between us like a freaking anvil.

Or maybe a meteor.

We both knew exactly what he meant by it, too.

"You said you thought somebody made me to what, act against you?"

I take back what I said before - I've never picked my words more carefully than I did right then.

"I don't know anything about that. I grew up with my mom until she died, and then my uncle's family until we got separated."

I inhaled slowly when he didn't interrupt me.

Here goes nothing.

"When it comes to the supernatural part of this world, I'm the son of the Olympian god of the sun, and the student of Chiron. That's it."

There. The truth.

It had more holes in it than a block of Swiss cheese, sure, but it was technically true - and that was the best kind.

And the only kind I could give here.

Apollon took it in quietly, at first.

Then he smirked at me.

"Such a carefully worded answer."

My blood turned to ice.

Screw it, time to grab Sairaorg and Chiron and skip the hell out of here.

If I moved fast enough-!

"But I will accept it, for now."

...

...

...

"...Come again?"

"You heard me." He sighed and pinched his head, and there was this edge of nostalgia and something deeper to it that I just didn't get. "I've gone soft. 'Temis is going to be awful about this, I can just tell."

"Who now?"

Or at least that's what I wanted to say - it came out a lot more messy and garbled than that because my face had gone so slack you'd think it was suddenly made of silly putty.

He understood it anyway, because of course he did.

"My twin. Your aunt."

Artemis, the Goddess of the hunt.

My eye twitched.

"What does she have to do with this?"

"We'll see, I suppose."

More eye twitching.

"We will?"

I had no idea where this was going now.

"Indeed."

"... Can I get a little more than that?"

His smirk widened.

"Can you?"

I...

"Are you just messing with me for fun now?

...it took me a second to reflect and realize that I probably shouldn't have said that last part out loud, but by then it was too late.

For the first time since we'd met, Apollon tipped back his head and laughed, loud and hearty.

The sound was melodious and shifting in a way that reminded me of my magic incantations, like something had taken the idea of laughter and pasted it onto the regular sound to give it the mother of all extra kicks.

Even the air around us shifted a little because of it, and the sunlight seemed to brighten until everything was glinting in shades of warm gold, and felt like it too. When he finally turned that smile back at me, it was like I staring right into the sun all over again - only this time, it was the parts of it that I liked best.

"Oh, fun doesn't even begin to cover it."

He stepped forward until he was towering over me, but not threateningly.

Just there.

"You have my divinity in your veins, you train under Chiron, and you honor me with your spellwork and your feats." He grinned as I stared up at him, dumbfounded, because something about his words was different now and this wasn't actually going where I was starting to think it was, was it? "Killing a dragon at your age, and in this softer age as well? That just seals it."

Alarm bells should have started ringing back up in my head at how final that sounded, but I was still flapping my jaw in his general direction and trying to backtrack to a point where everything made sense again.

Which probably started yesterday and fell back from there, actually.

"Seals what?"

"This."

That was all the warning I got.

Before I could get another word in edge-wise, he reached forward and dropped his hand over my head again.

"Regardless of whoever or however you came to be, I claim you."

Instantly, the world changed.

The clouds parted, the air shuddered, and light lanced down from above and down my spine before it erupted out through the rest of me.

Holy Rhea, Mother of Zeus.

I stopped breathing and started tasting sunbursts and solar flares crackling at the back of my tongue.

"I acknowledge you as my own. Stand proud, Daniel Winchester."

Soft - that was the look he gave me this time.

Just soft.

"You are a true son of Apollon."

It was like I'd just been plugged into a socket and charged right up, and that was after guzzling down a six-pack of red-bull on one go and going back for seconds.

My senses sharpened. My blood quickened. Even my strength seemed to skyrocket until I felt like I could juggle skyscrapers and cause an earthquake with a step.

"A rush, isn't it?" Apollon's grin was infectious, and nothing like the polite interest he showed before. "Most of it will wear off soon, and you'll get used to what doesn't."

"Get used to-?"

I cut myself off and just stared.

Apollon waited patiently.

And I...

What did he even expect me to say?

No, seriously, what?

Everything was moving blindingly fast - and that was before I got, what?

Adopted?

By a version of my dad who technically was and technically wasn't.

I wanted to start laughing, but I'm pretty sure someone would be tempted to put me in a straightjacket if it came out as hysterical around the edges as I was feeling.

"...What am I supposed to say now?"

He patted my head gently, ruffling my hair and looking more pleased than I'd seen him since all of all this started.

Even the gesture was warm - and I'm not just talking about temperature.

"Nothing right this second. We'll have time for more words later."

And then he snapped his fingers, and we vanished in a seamless teleportation.

...​
We reappeared right in front of Chiron and Sairoarg - my teacher smiled, and Sai looked like he would have been happy to tackle me on the spot if it wasn't for the god standing right next to me.

"Chiron."

Apollon's tone was different now - not as measured, a lot warmer, and I think I saw Chiron relax a little at the sound of it.

"My lord."

"We'll speak soon. Until then, my son remains in your care."

Nobody missed the way he stressed that one word, even if Chiron didn't even flinch.

"Of course. He is my student."

"Good." Then he finally turned to Sairaorg, and his expression cooled several degrees. "Devil."

My friend stiffened.

Heck, I stiffened too.

"... Lord Apollon?"

"You are also Chiron's student. A choice I would not have made myself if it were up to my say in the end." His eyes narrowed, flickering to an impassive Chiron and back to Sairaorg. "But you have proved your worth to my son. Continue to do so."

Or else.

He didn't say it, but everybody heard it loud and clear.

Sai pursed his lips and nodder firmly.

"I would have done that anyway."

"He's my friend," I added, finally feeling like I could speak again. I didn't like the way he Apollon was eyeing him, either - like he was looking for an excuse to do something messy. "Fought a dragon together and everything."

Chiron twitched.

Had Sai not told him?

I glanced at my friend, and then I winced at his sheepish look.

Guess not.

"We shall see."

Apollon didn't spare him another look after that.

Instead, he turned back to me and tossed something my way with a lazy underhand throw, and my hand shot up to catch it on reflex before I even registered the blue glint.

It was the sapphire from before.

"A small gift. You haven't begun dabbling in divination and far-sight, have you?" He nodded towards it when I shook my head a little dumbly. "Use it a focus, and you'll be off to a good start."

"...Thank you?"

Yeah, I was just rolling with it at this point. I can process it later.

"One more thing."

He gestured, and my spear reappeared in his grip.

"A weapon like this deserves a proper title."

The spear pulsed with an orange flare of light, like it was agreeing with him.

Or maybe it was just reacting to the absurd power he had coursing through him even at rest.

Dealer's choice.

"See that you don't leave it unnamed."

"Yes sir."

He frowned, and for a second I thought I'd said something wrong.

The he leaned forward and-

And-
...

I blinked again.

My skin stung.

"Did you just flick my forehead?"

Yeah, I sounded incredulous.

Sue me.

"I did."

"Why?"

"Consider it a lesson. I'm your father. Unless I tell you otherwise, don't be so formal." He nodded seriously. "It's depressing."

...

'"You're messing with me again, aren't you?"

His lips twitched again, and he winked at me.

He actually winked.

"I'll be watching."

Then the world glitched, and he vanished on the spot. The extra lighting disappeared with him, and the lingering presence retreated like it was never there at all.

My spear was left hovering there in the air, suspended under a twisting power that didn't cut off until I reached out and grabbed it myself, and Chiron trotted up to stand next to me as I did.

"You handled that quite well"

"He claimed me."

My brain was still screeching in static for that.

"He did."

"Why?"

I couldn't have been more suspicious if I actively tried.

Chiron just shrugged when I told him as much, but even I could tell he was subtly relieved.

"Because he wanted to."

Real helpful, that.

Except... maybe it was?

I thought about that for a second, and the way Apollon seemed so warm about it.

I claim you.
...
I'm your father

...

You know what?

Fine.

The messy truths were a problem for future me to deal with.

I dropped down to the floor and laid out on my back, staring up at the ceiling as I settled into being done with everything.

"Okay."

"We'll have to up your studies in diplomacy and etiquette. Now that you are an acknowledged demigod in this era, you'll have to expect certain rules of conduct when you have dealings within or outside of our pantheon."

"Great."

"That means more written work."

"Sounds good."

"And pop-quizzes."

"Fantastic."

"..."

"..."

"You're not listening to a word I'm saying, are you?"

"Oh, no," I shook my head. "I'm hearing you just fine. I'm just so burned out by today that I've currently got the emotional capacity of a teaspoon left in me. Please try again later"

Anytime starting next year would be good, really.

"Oh, I will." He patted my shoulder firmly. "Beginning with this dragon you spoke of."

...

"Sai?"

"Don't look at me, I wasn't going to tell him without you there too!"

I scowled as he dropped down next to me.

"I hate you."

He grinned.

"No you don't."

Then we both yelped as Chiron's staff cracked down on both our heads in quick succession.

"I'm sorry, did I give you the impression that you had time?" Our teacher smiled down at us with all the happiness of a man already cooking up new and terrifying ways to make us regret ever being born. "Start talking. Now."

We both looked at each other and groaned.

Man, what a crappy day.

...


Chiron in the background, getting ready to throw hands to protect his students if Apollon starts messing around:



View: https://imgur.com/mClfw1h



View: https://imgur.com/5Z8Fbz3


Dan being done with this day:



View: https://imgur.com/dwBR9hx​


As always, leave your comments and ideas and if you don't like it, please be courteous.
Last edited: Apr 8, 2025
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Darkplayer35, Ender Wiggen and 1,147 others
Firewillreign
Apr 8, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks We Talk About Family
View content
Firewillreign
Firewillreign
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 26, 2023
Messages888
Likes received82,880
Apr 15, 2025
Add bookmark
#694
By the time we got around to bringing Chiron up to speed on Esgaroth, Smaug, and the honestly ungodly amount of gold we now had looting privileges to, and then settled down in the garden to hash it all out, the sun was already starting to set way out in the distance.

Not that it was as easy as I was making it sound, mind you.

Hah, no.

It turns out that telling your teacher that you'd basically gone right up to a dragon's lair, knocked at the front door, and endangered your lives and the lives of anyone else the great stinking jerk of a thing may have lashed out at if you hadn't managed to take it down without having a better reason for why than 'because it seemed cool at the time' didn't just end with you feeling like a miserable idiot.

You also got hurt.

Physically.

A lot.

Chiron whacked us over the heads so many times that if he'd gone at it any longer, Sairaorg and I would have both ended up with one of those looney tunes bumps growing out the top of them forever.

That, or permanent brain damage, but by the time our teacher was finished tearing us a new one and listing out all the ways we'd screwed up like total morons, most sane people I know would argue that we already had that in spades.

The part that really sucked was that we could both see where he was coming from.

We did do something pretty stupidly reckless, in hindsight - it was easy making excuses before, but we'd really only flown over to the mountain because we wanted to, and there was an entire town that could have ended up in the blast radius if things had gone bad.

"We messed up," Sai muttered, and Chiron nodded, stone-faced.

"You did. And it could have gone much worse for both of you. Catastrophically so."

Thinking about that made me feel crummy, and the disappointed look Chiron gave us when he was chewing us out about it just made it sting worse.

And then, just when I was starting to seriously consider grabbing a couple of shovels so Sai and I could dig a real hole to burrow in all our shame, he flipped it around a little.

"Now, that aside," His frown slowly eased out into a patient smile. "Well done."

...

Come again?

The smile grew a little wider as we both goggled at him.

"A battle with a dragon? At your age and level of strength?" He shook his head, chuckling under his breath. "Putting aside the fact that you clearly didn't think ahead at all, I am immensely proud of your victory."

I blinked, and Sairaorg sat up a little.

Actually, scratch that - we both straightened and kept staring at him funny.

"For real?"

He nodded

"Yes. You're not the first students of mine to let the temptation of poorly-advised adventure go to your heads, but you're certainly the most memorable in centuries." He huffed dryly. "A dragon. If my standards were any softer I'd almost be tempted to give you an award for the sheer audacity, never mind the success."

...

Well, how 'bout that?

I cracked a grin to match Sairaorg's, and we both high-fived each other on the spot.

"Don't let it go to your heads." Chiron tutted, but his smile wasn't going away either. "My earlier point still stands - what you did was the height of foolishness, victory notwithstanding."

Fair - The reminder did kind of put a damper on things, but neither of us were slouching quite as much as before.

"Show me that spear, Daniel."

I blinked, before leaning over to grab and hand it over. It warmed in my grip as my fingers closed around it.

"It's been doing that for a while."

"Yes, I imagine it would." Chiron handled it carefully, fingers flaring with a pale green glow that managed to outshine the spear's pulsing red-orange shine, if only just. "Accidental alchemy, provoked by a combination of divine thaumaturgy and the principle of reenactment of myth. A potent combination - lasting, too."

I perked up.

"So it's permanent, right?"

I'd thought so, but I wasn't the expert here.

"Oh yes." He switched it to his other hand idly, staring at the blade as he sent a pulse of magic surging up to it. Immediately, it flared in a way that reminded me of firecrackers bursting before dying out just as quickly. "The dragon you faced - this Smaug - his heart acted as the crucible to reforge this spear into something greater, and his blood, flesh, and your power were the reagents needed to do it."

"Cool" Sairaorg whispered, and I shot him another grin "But what does it actually do?"

"At a guess? It's now firmly a dragon-slaying armament. Its blade will pierce and strike through their scales where other weapons would fail, and the wounds it causes to them and mortals alike will be more grievous and painful, slower to heal - perhaps even cursed, given the feeling I'm getting from it."

"Oh, that kinda tracks," I remembered the sheer presence Smaug had in the cave - creeping and hungry and downright malicious in a way that made you want to take a shower with scalding hot water and maybe a bucket of industrial detergent while you were at it. "Even breathing in his lair felt a little nasty."

But the spear didn't give off the same vibe, and Chiron shook his head when I told him as much.

"Not it in your hand it wouldn't, but I wouldn't recommend pricking yourself with the blade until we've thoroughly tested its edge."

His tone said that I better not prick myself with the blade, and I nodded quickly.

"Got it."

Honestly, I'm not that careless.

Then again, we did just finish telling him about the dragon, so...

...

...Moving swiftly on now.

"There is one other thing." He mused, before raising the spear and angling it out away from us. "If I'm right, then perhaps..."

I felt his power flare, traveling up the spear again - only this time it spiralled up, and up, and oh holy crapbaskets!

A pillar of scorching red and gold flames burst out the other end as it lit up with another flare, spiralling outwards in a quicksilver flash and heating up the air with a furious rush like steam from a pressure cooker's whistle going off. Even the grass underneath and away from it flared and went up in smoke in no time flat.

Then Chiron pulled back, and the cone of fire cut off just like that.

"Hm." The spear tip went back to gleaming naturally in the fading sunlight, and he hummed and gave it a little nod. "Not too bad."

Sairaorg made a sound that was a whole octave higher than normal, and I had genuine sparkles in my eyes.

"That was-!"

"Dragon fire, tempered and imbued into the spear. As much a part of it as its dragon-slaying attributes." He gave it another long glance for good measure, before handing it back over to me. "It has its own capacity of renewable power as most magical artifacts at its level do, but you can bolster it with your own to increase its output and push its limits."

"-Awesome."

I took it back like it was made of glass, and Sairaorg leaned in to look it over with me.

This.

This right here?

Totally made getting nearly barbecued worth it.

Not that I'd say it to Chiron's face, though.

Crazy upgraded spear or no, I wasn't nearly nuts enough to tempt fate like that.

"I'm so going to kick the crap out of you at our next spar."

My friend snorted and jabbed me with his elbow.

"You couldn't pull off that miracle even if this thing turned into the True Longinus."

"Now I'm not letting you try it."

''Oh come on!"

"Before you get ahead of yourselves," Chiron cut in, sounding exasperated and a little fond at the same time. "That spear needs a name, Daniel. A magical weapon of its caliber and its significance to you now deserves nothing less."

That brought me up short.

Because yeah, that's the second time someone's brought that up now.

Still not quite thinking about the first.

I turned the spear over in my hands like Chiron had and wracked my brain for something catchy.

Dragon-Killer?

Sun Lance?

Pointy-death-stick-of-doom?

Nah, Chiron would probably whack me again for that last one even if the laughs would be great.

Then it hit me.

I had the perfect name already, didn't I?

"Serpent's Downfall," I said, and I think it might have even gotten a little warmer in my grip as I did. "After the spell that helped create it."

He nodded approvingly.

"Simple, but fitting. Now, let's talk about your... father"

And there it was.

I winced.

Sairaorg winced.

Heck, the spear would have winced too if it had a face to pull it off.

"Can we not?" I rubbed the back of my head and tried not to grimace again. "Right now, I mean?"

"We have to touch on it, at least," Chiron murmured, patient but firm. "I've already altered the wards to prevent any subtle eavesdropping. No one will be listening in on us or turning their sight to this conversation without alerting me beforehand."

Ah.

That.

I hadn't really thought about it until right that second, but the idea that Apollon had been watching me the entire time and I'd been clueless to it would have probably been perfect lowkey - or maybe not - freakout-fuel if Chiron wasn't there to head that off.

And even then it didn't take away from everything that had happened.

Me arriving here and Chiron's training with Sairaorg - Apollon had seen all of it, or nearly all of it except the really dangerous stuff.

Somehow, I doubt he'd have been nearly as calm about it all if he'd known about the world-jumping and what it actually meant.

And then he'd gone and claimed me.

...

Did I just get adopted by what was technically-but-not-really my own dad?

Just thinking about it hurt - And that was saying something, because other than that?

Whatever it was that had happened at the end there, it still felt like I was nearly invincible.

My senses were still sharper, my eyesight stretched farther, and my limbs shifted with more energy than I knew what to do with, like I'd drank a gallon of Red Bull and was still riding that rush like there was no tomorrow.

I was convinced that if you cracked open one of my veins right now, I'd bleed liquid sunlight.

Maybe literally, because even my skin was glowing a little - barely anything compared to what it had started off with but still there and slow to fade away, wafting and waning like it was following the beats of my heart.

I felt stronger.

Noticeably stronger - and if what the god who suddenly dropped into my life said near the end was true, some of it was there to stay.

I didn't quite know how to feel about that.

"He claimed me." I finally said, and it sounded nuts even to my ears. "What does that even mean?"

What happens next?

"At the moment, not much," Chiron broke it down for me. "Though we will have to pay a few more touches of attention to your diplomacy and etiquette skills in the coming weeks."

"Why?"

"Because as of now, you are an acknowledged demigod child of Apollon, and the eldest living mortal descendent of Zeus Olympios." He said, and I blinked at the name. "In this era, that means you have a certain position within the pantheonic hierarchy."

That was...

"But I'm just a demigod?"

As a general rule of thumb, we didn't get positions - we just fought monsters, went on quests, and tried not to die in legendary or legendarily embarrassing ways - and for the record, those were always fifty-fifty odds at best.

"Yes. A Greek demigod, of an Olympian, and the grandchild of the Thunderer King of the Heavens himself. That gives you a certain degree of..." He slowed down, like he was trying to pick out the right words. "Not quite power, but consideration. Minor or non-Olympian gods not directly affiliated with the great twelve cannot command or lightly approach you without exercising the correct level of decorum, and so long as you act in a way that reflects your station properly, any overstep against you can be construed as a slight against your father."

Sairaorg and I both nodded along.

That made sense.

It was also vaguely concerning - slights against Apollon (or Apollo, whatever) in the old myths didn't exactly end well for anyone involved.

Or in the blast radius.

Think ballistic arrows blotting out the sky, plagues that made the skin melt off your face, and all kinds of other stuff like that - and that was before he decided to get creative with his punishments.

Fun, right?

... And I was lying to him by omission.

Chiron must have known what I was thinking - that, or seen the complicated look on my face - because his hand dropped down onto my shoulder faster than I could blink.

"We'll figure it out." He sounded so reassuring that I just found myself nodding along again. "In the meantime, getting you both stronger and more capable is the priority. We still have a bit of time before your presence causes enough waves to garner overt divine attention."

"...Great."

I meant it, too.

I needed to level up, because a repeat of today was not going to be good for my blood pressure in the long run.

"So what does that look like? Where do we start?"

Before he could answer, Sairaorg raised his hand.

"Wait, before that, I have a question." There was a growing smirk on his face that made me squint his way warily. "Dan's becoming a big deal in the Greek pantheon, right?"

Chiron raised a brow.

"Eventually. Sooner rather than later, but we should still have some breathing room."

The smirk got a little bigger, and suddenly I had a bad feeling about where this was going.

"So, in devil terms, he's basically a pillar heir right? If the Greeks had those?"

My eyes widened.

No.

"That's not how that works!"

Chiron clicked his tongue.

"Well," My jaw dropped and Sairaorg started crowing in victory. "The comparison doesn't quite carry over, but it's not entirely inaccurate."

It was enough.

"Hah! You're just as much of a noble brat as I am now!"

"The hell I am! You spent the first ten years of your life cosplaying as a Victorian-era reject!"

"I'm sorry, my lord, I can't hear you over the sound of your divine pedigree!"

"I don't even know what that word means!"

"Then you're the uneducated kind of noble! Double sucker!"

I would have tackled him if Chiron hadn't grabbed us both by the scruffs of our necks three steps in and started shaking us like a couple of wet cats.

"Enough of that."

He sounded really serious about it too, but Idon't think any of us came out of that without laughing, and I felt like a weight had dropped off my shoulders.

"If you're quite done." He drawled and gave us another shake for good measure. "We still have to discuss how we're going to collect your spoils."

That made us both perk up even more.

"You told me it was a cavern's worth?"

"More," Sairaorg confirmed. "It was like an entire lake made of gold and all kinds of other things too."

Chiron hummed in thought, and put us back down again as he did.

"Then it'll take me a few hours to make the right preparations to ferry back your shares of it.".

"You're coming?"

He gave me another one of those patented 'Don't be stupid' looks always kept in reserve for moments like these.

"Of course I am. My students fought a dragon, and they will be getting their rightful due, to say nothing of the dragon's corpse that is yours by right. You're not doormats or footnotes to be brushed aside with nothing to show for it. You said the raven you met would be spreading the news?"

"Yeah." I agreed. "Roäc said that he and his buddies would be telling the dwarves and maybe some other people that the dragon was dead. They'll probably come back for their mountain now that Smaug's gone."

"Good. If their word is reliable, then your deed can't be contested later on, and none of them should be able to deny you two claiming a reward if their culture is even remotely comparable to the dwarves that I know of."

"How would we tell?" I doubted they'd be there when we got back - unless they could teleport or something. "And how would we know how much of the treasure to take and still be fair?"

Because I did want some of it - who wouldn't?

"That's for me to determine once we get there." His eyes narrowed warningly "Which will not be tonight. There've been quite enough shenanigans for one day."

A part of me wanted to protest - I still hadn't gone back home to visit my family.

The rest of me wanted to give Chiron a standing ovation, because he was a hundred and ten percent right - today hadn't just been a full plate, but a sink full of them, and I was already exhausted in a way that made the inside of my head feel like a wrung-out dishtowel.

Damn it, I was so in for it when I got back tomorrow.

"Tomorrow, then." I sighed and slumped a bit before something else popped into my head. "Wait, does this mean you're not punishing us for going to the Lonely Mountain?"

There was no way we were getting off that easy, right?

Sure enough, Chiron just snorted at the question.

"We'll talk about it later."

Yeah, thought so.

For anyone who might be fooled into believing that he was thinking about it, as an expert in Chiron-speak I can confidently tell you that "We'll talk about it later' was code for 'I'm going to make you regret not being eaten by the giant fire-breathing murder lizard, and you will smile and thank me for it or else.'

"Now go get cleaned up and ready for dinner." He turned and began to trot back up to the house. "We have lots of planning to get through."

...​

That night was... kind of boring.

Even after I got to bed, I kept turning and tossing and reliving this morning and the stuff that sprang from it like it was all a film reel on a loop, and I didn't know what to do with it.

Smaug.

Apollon.

The unbearably awkward and painful conversation I was going to have with my uncle tomorrow.

At one point, I started whistling under my breath, carrying a tune I only half-remembered from... somewhere.

This gentle little melody that eased my nerves a little, and echoed around the room.

Only it faltered halfway through because no matter how hard I seemed to try, I could only remember bits and pieces of it.

"Aargh!"

I gave and groaned before rolling over to bury my face in the pillow.

Now I couldn't stop thinking about it, like an itch I couldn't scratch at that refused to go away.

Where did I hear it again?

No matter how hard I tried, I got nothing.

At the foot of the bed, Courage whined and raised his head to stare at me judgementally when I wouldn't stop tossing and turning.

What's up with you?

"You have no idea."

Another whine, mixed in with a hint of a growl.

Then shut up already. I'm trying to sleep here.

Naturally, my response was the height of sophistication and maturity.

"You shut up."

And that's how I ended up with a hundred and twenty pounds of irritated hellhound leaping over and trying to smother me with my own blanket.

At least I managed to get some sleep afterward.

...​

We started the next day early.

A wake-up call at dawn, breakfast so fast I nearly choked on my cornflakes twice before getting through the bowl, and then we were out in the garden again and getting ready to jump worlds again.

We packed light - and by that, I mean we didn't pack at all.

Sairaog and I were just in our regular clothes because the plan was to drop Chiron off at the mountain before going to visit home and back, and he only had one of those heavy-duty hiking backpacks slung over one shoulder and was so easy-going about what we were about to do that you'd think he was just about to go off on his morning walk or something.

"Are you ready?"

The centaur gave me a steady look. "Are you?"

I'd say the teasing suspicion in his tone was unwarranted, but we all know I'd be lying.

"Alright. Fair warning." Sairoarg grimaced as I grabbed onto him with one hand and Chiron's bicep with the other and focused on the mountain at the back of my head. "This is going to-

We vanished

...​

Light.

Shapes.

Hurtling forward endlessly, and-

...​

"-suck."

We staggered back into the cavern beneath the mountain with a gasp, but I could immediately tell something was different.

For one, I didn't feel like I was about to hurl all the place.

For two, even though I was missing a nasty chunk of power like I had been after every other jump before, the strain felt less intense in a way I couldn't quite put my finger, but I couldn't quite miss either.

Neat.

My lips quirked up a little as I started trying to walk it off.

Chiron, on the other hand, slowly exhaled and raised a hand to pinch the bridge of his nose.

"What an absurdly unpleasant form of travel."

So he said, but he was already shrugging it off faster than either of us had before.

Frankly, the fact that he only looked a little annoyed and wasn't toppling over already put him on a whole other level.

And no, I wasn't jealous - The heck are you talking about?

"Right?" Sairaorg muttered, shaking his head like he was trying to get water out of his ears after diving into the deep end of a swimming pool. "I can almost taste those colors. Why can I taste colors? What's wrong with regular teleportation circles?"

I rolled my eyes and scowled at them both before crossing my arms.

"Yeah, well, find me someone else who can do what I do and I'll happily ask for tips."

"I'll help you look."

We didn't have to walk long before we stumbled onto Smaug, but we sure smelled him first - and I think I spoke too soon about that no-vomiting thing.

The stench of him was like something out a horror movie - one where the villain probably decides to empty half the dumpsters of New York into a single sewage treatment plant and then set it all on fire.

Courage sprung out of my shadow, took one whiff of that crap, and dove right back with a sound that made me doubt whether or not we'd ever see him again.

You couldn't exactly blame him for it either.

"Oh." Sairaorg gagged and covered his nose. "I don't think I want the treasure anymore. Nothing is worth this."

"You're telling me," I grunted and raised a hand. "Grace Of The Rising Dawn."

Sunlight streamed off my palm in a sudden beam, like a flashlight flicking on, before it collapsed and swirled in on itself. It pooled into a little orb, a miniature sun hovering over my open hand and glowing almost bright enough to match the real thing on an open summer day.

And best of all, it barely cost anything in terms of magic. I didn't even feel it at all, even when I let it rise and shine out across the entire cavern.

"Show-off." Sairoarg ribbed me.

"Bite me."

The serpentine, enormous corpse was splayed out exactly where we left it, wings spread and tail twisted halfway beneath the rest of bulk where Smaug had landed on it.

Death didn't take away from his size at all, but he still seemed... less than he was before.

I'm not sure how else to describe it.

"This is the dragon you killed, then." Chiron seemed quietly impressed as we marched up to the titanic corpse splayed out just in front of the passageway that led to the treasure room. "Maybe I should go easier on you tomorrow."

"Wait, what?"

"Nothing at all." He pulled the pack off his shoulder and started unzipping it with a low smile as we marched past Smaug. "Let's see what we're working with here."

Sai and I both shot him suspicious looks, but we followed along as he cantered into the platform overlooking the ocean of gold glinting inside the heart of Smaug's former lair.

"Oh." He blinked a few times, and I think that was the closest we've ever gotten to seeing him truly surprised. "I see the issue of scale now."

"Crazy, right?"

Seeing it for the second time over didn't make it hit any less - it was incredible. The kind of thing a little kid might imagine when you heard all those fairy tales about hidden treasure and pirate loots and all that fun stuff, but actually real and somehow not toned down one bit.

...

I should get Katie and Alex something from here, now that I think about it.

"The vast majority - if not all of it - is cursed, however."

...Never frigging mind.

Sairaorg frowned. "How badly?"

Then he yelped when Chiron's hand shot out and flicked his forehead.

"Don't ask foolish questions. You can feel it, can't you?"

We exchanged a look.

Because yeah, we totally could.

Remember that feeling I said Smaug put out?

That nasty aftertaste that made you regret all your life choices and wonder where exactly you went wrong?

It was still there.

Not what it used to be -not nearly- but bad enough that it still gave this place a bad vibe.

"Can it be removed?"

"Of course. I'll purify it just after I handle the dragon's remains. You'll learn to do the same in time."

He pulled a small cuboid made of metal from his pack, before abruptly tossing it over his shoulder and snapping his fingers.

"What was that..?"

I didn't get to finish.

It quaked and twisted in mid-air, before quickly growing bigger, and bigger, and bigger until I was suddenly looking at...

...

"...Is that a shipping container?"

Chiron smiled at the look on my face.

"One of many. I did say that you'd both be getting your fair share, didn't I?"

...

Damn.

I wasn't even going to ask where he got the shipping containers from. That way lay major headaches, I could just tell.

Instead, I just shared another excited look with Sai.

We'd joked about it before, but we were going to make out of this like total bandits, weren't we?

"Stop wasting time," Chiron advised as he pulled out another "You have a few hours. Go visit your family."

Right.

That sobered me up a little, and I took a breath.

"You sure you don't want us to stick around?"

"There is nothing you can help me with here that I cannot handle myself." He shooed us off with a little wave. "Go. And for the love of all that is good and patient, don't pull any more...stunts."

"We won't."

Sairaorg nodded behind me. "This was a one-time thing."

He smiled at us in the same way that some school teachers do when they know you're lying and want you to know they're not buying it in the most vaguely condescending way ever.

""We won't!""

"I'm sure." He patted us both on the head. "Now chop chop. You have little cousins to appease."

Then he went back to whipping out shipping containers like they were pocket marbles.

I glanced at Sairaorg "Ready?"

He nudged me impatiently. "Why do you keep asking? You know I am."

"Good to know." I took another deep breath. "And three, two, one-

...

​
Colours.


...​

We reappeared in Katie's new bedroom with a shift of displaced air and a gasp.

Only, the gasp wasn't mine.

Alex was sitting on the bed and munching away on half a chocolate bar with all the patience of a saint, though the thing dropped out of her little hands the second she laid eyes on me.

She'd gotten a little taller, her hair grew out a bit, and she looked even more like Katie than she had before, but I could still spot the little differences like night and day.

I'd missed those too.

"Danny?

And just like that, the inside of my mouth felt drier than sandpaper.

"Hi, Alex," I swear to the gods from major to minor that I'd have Sairaorg punch me in the face if my voice cracked now. "How've you been?"

"Bored. Katie and me were waiting for you to come back. I waited lots." Her eyes sparkled with rapidly growing delight, and her head tilted to the side a little "Are you magic now?"

I opened my mouth, and then closed it again.

Sairaorg just shrugged sheepishly when I looked at him.

Screw it.

"Yeah, I'm a little magic. Keep it a secret, okay?"

"Kay."

This kid is awesome.

"Pretty cool though, right?"

"Yeah!"

Then she bounced up to her feet and practically flew off the bed and into my arms, babbling a mile a minute about anything and everything under the sun.

I couldn't hear a word of it under the laughter that was threatening to bubble out and over from me.

"Woah." Forget sandpaper - The Sahara had nothing on me with how hard it was to speak, never mind the stinging in my eyes I would deny to my dying breath, but I still managed to put out the words when I needed them. "You've gotten heavier."

"Have not!"

"Have too!"

"Have not!"

"Have too!"

I heard Sairaorg snickering somewhere off behind me - and then that was drowned out by the peter-pattering of another pair of feet coming right towards us.

Not two seconds later, the door to the room flew open, and Katie charged in like a homing missile on a mission.

"I-!" She saw me, and immediately ignored Sai's existence like Alex had. "Danny!"

"Hey, Katie." My smile was so wide it hurt. "Sorry I'm late."

I couldn't tell if she wanted to beam or glare at me, but somehow she seemed to hold both back.

Instead, her eyes narrowed, and her hands fell to her hips.

She was copying Aunt Sarah.

So friggin cute.

"You should be. You promised you wouldn't leave!"

"I'm here now?"

"Humph." She twitched, took half a step forward, and then backed up again. "Are you really sorry?"

"Cross my heart and hope the boogeyman gets me."

"..."

"..."

She started vibrating a little, so I raised one of my arms and balanced Alex in my grip with the other.

"Hug?" I smiled. "You can be mad at me later."

"..Okay."

"Yeah, that's what I thought - oof!"

Then she was in my arms again, squishing Alex between us, and by the time my aunt and uncle came charging into the room for the second time in as many days, I'd already stopped thinking and started basking in pure bliss.

...​

I could talk about the next couple of hours - how I spent them with both Alex and Katie within inches of me at all times, and how we'd introduced Sairoarg to my aunt and sat down for a breakfast we didn't really need but was absolutely non-negotiable one way or the other.

It was... loud, in the best of ways.

Lots of questions I couldn't answer, lots of laughs, and we almost started a food fight right there at the table.

Heck, Sairaorg fit right in with all the chaos - and the waffles were great too.

But that stuff didn't really matter.

What did matter was what happened when my uncle finally got tired of my aunt unsubtly kicking him under the table and cleared his throat, before pushing his plate away and slowly standing up across the the table.

"Daniel?"

Now, see, I'd been doing a pretty good job of not looking him in the eye since he'd spotted me, but I couldn't exactly ignore him when he called me out like that.

"Yeah?"

I did try not to sound like acknowledging him hurt.

I just didn't do it very well, and he grimaced a little.

"Can we talk in my office for a minute?"

My first impulse was to go "Dear gods no"

But Katie and Alex were perceptive in that annoyingly on-point way only little kids could pull off, and they were already peeking from him to me and back again like they were following a high-stakes tennis game.

Rats.

"Sure." On the bright side, I managed not to grit it out, so points for effort on my part. "Sairaorg-"

"I'll wait here." He promised, and Aunt Sarah gave me a tired smile.

"We'll keep your friend company, dear. I wanna know all about how you met and where you've been." Her eyes flickered over to my uncle. "Go have your talk."

"Right."

I looked at Sai as he shoved another forkful into his mouth, and we managed a whole silent conversation in the time it took me to get up and push my chair away from the table.

You know what not to say, right?

Duh. Also, these waffles are amazing.

I know right?

Katie frowned. "You can't go-!"

I cut her off by reaching over to muss up her hair.

"I'm not going anywhere."

"That's what you said last time!"

Fair.

"That was different."

"I just need to talk to your cousin for a bit, honey." Uncle David swooped in, and I think he was about to put a hand on my shoulder before he seemed to think better of it and settled for standing a little to my right. "Just some grown-up stuff."

"Danny's not a grown-up!"

"More grown up than you, buttons." I booped her on the nose and stepped back with a grin as she squealed and flailed at me. "I'll be back soon, but make sure you keep an eye on Sairaorg for me, okay? He needs all the help he can get."

His brow twitched.

Jerk

Right back at you.

"I'll do it." Alex piped up and reached over to pat Sai's forearm. "See?"

"No, I'll do it!" Katie grabbed his other arm, and my uncle and I dipped out right then before my aunt could start mediating the coming argument.

We marched down the same hallway I'd visited in my dreams and up to the little office space my uncle had carved out for himself - this small room with a desk and a couple of leather chairs and a single bookshelf to one end.

Behind the seat that my uncle took, the view opened up to the borough we were in - low buildings and a familiar bridge-

I blinked.

"Are we in New York?"

Somehow, I'd forgotten to ask the last time.

My uncle nodded.

"Queens."

"I thought you didn't like the city."

"I don't, but your aunt's cousin - you haven't met this one - owns this apartment and let us rent it out on the cheap until the repairs on our house were done.

"Sounds like a nice guy."

He snorted dryly.

"He's not. The man hates me, and the feeling is plenty mutual."

"Oh."

"Yes."

"..."

"..."

The awkward silence was so thick you'd have probably been able to cut into it with a butter knife.

"Dan-"

"Don't."

I blurted the word out before my tongue got halfway through telling my brain what it was up to.

My uncle's mouth clamped shut as my grip on the handles of the chair tightened until you could almost hear the wood creaking.

"If you're going to talk about... what we talked about before, please don't." I shook my head, and he sighed in something that might have either been relief or crushed disappointment. "I don't want to hear about it."

My mom, and whatever it was that happened between them, and what the way it had all ended...

I swallowed.

I felt miserable enough just remembering her on the good days - I didn't need this right now.

"Maybe some other day"

Slowly, he nodded.

"Alright." He licked his lips hesitantly before sighing again. "Alright. Not today - but there are some things you need to hear, right now."

I went to protest, but he raised a hand.

"Please, kiddo," We both winced at the familiar endearment. "Just listen. A few months ago... your father came to visit me."

...

...

"..."

Oh, you've gotta be freaking kidding me.

He must have taken whatever it was on my face for shock, because he kept going.

"He said that you'd vanished, and he was looking for you." My uncle grimaced in obvious distaste. "And he told me to pray to him if we found you."

"What?

I didn't jolt in my seat, but it was a close thing.

The dream came back to me - the very first one, with the furious sun god who'd flared up into a supernova.

My real dad.

"You didn't-"

"Of course I didn't." The distaste in his voice sharpened, but none of it was aimed my way. "I just want to know if there's a good reason your own divine parent doesn't know where you are, Daniel?"

"...It's complicated."

He didn't like that answer and we both knew it, but he wasn't getting a better one right now.

And Apollo wasn't getting one at all - one deity turned parent in twenty-four hours was enough.

What the hell had my life become that anything more than that was even an option?

"I'm safe, and that's all that matters, right?"

"...Right." He was reluctant to agree, but at least he left it alone without an argument. "So long as you are safe."

"I am. I told you I'm training and everything."

"And you won't stay here now that you're home?"

I... paused.

"No. But I'll visit a lot more."

He nodded, accepting that more easily than I thought he would.

"And this friend of yours." He paused. "Sairaorg. He's another...student?"

"Training buddy." I shrugged. "And my best friend."

He smiled.

"I'm glad. He seems like a good kid."

"Yeah, he is. He's got my back."

"That's fantastic."

I debated telling him that we'd fought a dragon together yesterday just to see if he still thought that at the end, but common sense won that battle.

This time.

"I won't ask any more than that if you're not willing to tell me." He leaned over and opened a drawer on the desk and rummaged through it a little before pulling up a folded sheet of paper and handing it over to me.

I took it with a frown and unfolded it. There was a number scrolled there in neat little script.

"Your mother-" I stiffened reflexively before forcing myself to exhale. "-worked with a lot of people over the years before you were born, when she was more heavily involved with the other side of the world. She had a few friends she kept in contact with."

"So this is-?"

"One of her closest. A satyr called Gleeson Hedge." Another complicated look flashed over his face for a second. "He's... not a terrible source of information if you wanted to ask questions about the other side, or about Camp Half-Blood in particular, or anything else like that."

If that last part were any more begrudging you'd have had to pry it out of him, but there wasn't any real anger or worse there.

Just frustration - And man did I know the feeling.

"Thanks." I slipped the note into the pocket of my hoodie. "Is that it?"

"She loved you."

For a second, I didn't register the words.

Then I took them in, and my breath hitched.

"I know you don't want to hear it." He rushed to talk over, and there was something so desperately pleading in his eyes that it made me swallow the words halfway through. "But you deserve to know this much, at least. A demigod's parents don't have an easy time of it - some more so than others. Kids that attract monsters, absentee gods, and all the care and attention you need almost constantly with all the challenges piling up. Some of them can get bitter. Resentful. Hateful."

A pause.

"The worst can even take it out on their kids. Blame them for all they missed out on." Our eyes locked. "Your mother loved the life that I hated. Being on the other side of that veil was a ride she never wanted to hope off of - and then she had you."

A sickly, unpleasant feeling began to pool in my gut.

"I-"

"You were the best thing that ever happened to her."

"..."

"She said it to me herself. All the adventures, all the fights and the thrills that came with them - none of them were worth missing even a single day with you. Not one." He laughed lowly, and the sound was tinged with exhaustion and something so achingly sad and familiar that it had my hands spasming for no particular reason at all. "Her words, not mine."

"..."

"I wanted to make sure you knew that, if nothing else. She loved you in a way that made my head hurt. I don't think I ever even came close to understanding it until Katie was born, and she never once regretted having you. I kept a lot of secrets from you growing up, and she kept even more, but it was only ever to make sure you were safe, and that truth never changed the entire way through."

"..."

I couldn't talk.

I couldn't stop staring at him.

I couldn't even breathe.

"You were loved, Dan." His voice sounded shakier than I'd ever heard it. Cracked through with emotion. "You still are, and you'll always have family here. I don't want you to ever forget that."

...

"...Okay."

One quiet whisper, and that was that.

I didn't say anything else, and neither did he

I also didn't pull back when he tried to press me into a hug a little later.

Instead, I just closed my eyes and held myself in place until the sensation of being flayed raw faded away.

It took a while.

...​

A few hours later, I stepped outside the apartment with Sairaorg, and we went down a couple of flights of stairs and out into the street to get some air.

"Are you okay?"

"Never better. You?"

"Great."

He sounded more subdued than I'd ever heard him before.

Any other day, and I might've questioned why he suddenly seemed so off, but not this one.

Call it good perception, or just a lucky hunch, but after sitting in a room with my family - and having him watch me sit in a room with my family - I think I knew exactly what it was.

And when the impulse to do something about it came to me, I didn't have it in me to hesitate at all.

"Hey Sai?"

"Yeah?"

"When we get back, maybe we should visit your mom."

A lightning bolt couldn't have made him stiffen as fast as he did.

I didn't stop.

"I know the Sleeping Disease is a big deal, but Chiron might be able to help if we bring him in on it. I might be, too." It was a metric longshot, but what kind of sorry excuse for a friend would I be If I didn't even try? "It can't hurt to look into it, right?"

For a long couple of minutes, he didn't say anything.

Then his shoulders dropped, and he sighed like he'd been holding it in for the better part of a year.

"Thanks, Dan."

Two words, and they were loaded with more meaning than you could fit into a college-grade essay.

I heard it all anyway.

His voice sounded a little wet, but I didn't say anything about it.

It was only fair - he didn't say anything about the redness in my eyes either.

"Anytime. And one more thing."

I don't know when or how the idea hit me, only that it did, and I couldn't get it out of my head.

Maybe it had something to do with being back home in this world.

Maybe that's what made me think of this one adventure a certain son of the sea god may or may not have already had and what it could possibly mean for us - or it could have been something else entirely.

Honestly, I don't think I cared anymore.

"If Chiron and I can't help, then something else might be able to." Slowly, I turned to look him dead in the eye. "Have you ever heard of the Golden Fleece?"


...​



Dan and his uncle talking:



View: https://imgur.com/Lc6dCSa


Dan at the end of this chapter:



View: https://imgur.com/uHDNJma​


As always, leave your comments and ideas and if you don't like it, please be courteous.
Last edited: Apr 25, 2025
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Darkplayer35, Ender Wiggen, Hodlum and 1,116 others
Firewillreign
Apr 15, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Interlude - Sairaorg Decks Logic Right In The Face
View content
Firewillreign
Firewillreign
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 26, 2023
Messages888
Likes received82,880
Apr 20, 2025
Add bookmark
#773
Spoiler: AI Art of Young Sai and Dan.


Sometimes, Sairaorg liked to sit back and think about what his life would have looked like if he hadn't been born as the failure of the Bael.

Well, actually, 'liked' was a strong word.

Every once in a while - and less and less as time went by - he'd end up falling backwards into a half-baked imagining of what could or couldn't have been if the roll of the cosmic dice had come out differently for him, all the way back in the beginning.

If he'd been born with demonic power surging through his veins and Destruction crackling at his fingertips like there was no tomorrow, the way a 'proper' Bael heir should have been.

Some things would have been impossibly different.

Never having his mother be humiliated and effectively set aside, or being stripped of his heirship, or having to train nearly as hard as he did every day, or even meeting Chiron and Daniel eventually.

Definitely not the same way, if ever.

Other things would have been... exactly the same, honestly.

His father would still have been a raging ass. The circles of people he rubbed shoulders with - or liked to pretended he lorded over, anyway - would still be smarmy, vindictive and sometimes downright poisonous.

Worst of all, since the Sleeping Disease would still be a thing, an inevitable black mark on any life he could have had one way or the other, he would've ended up losing his mom down the line anyway.

That was the dealbreaker.

So, with the benefit of hindsight, if he had to look back and choose which way he could have ended up...

"Ow, ow, ow! Alex, not the hair! Why the hair!?"

... This would win by a mile.

He had to bite the inside of his cheek to stop from bursting out laughing as Daniel tried to say goodbye to his cousins... who answered this obviously terrible offence by clambering all over him like a pair of angry koalas and began attacking like he owed them money.

Or, Alex was at least, complete with yanking on his hair like a pair of reigns.

Katie just settled for kicking him in the shins repeatedly.

"You said you wouldn't leave!"

"And I'm not!"

She paused, eyes narrowed.

"...Okay, I kind of am, but-"

She started kicking again.

"Damn it, Katie!"

"Language."

Dan's aunt cut in, but Sairaorg saw the way she had to bite back laughter herself.

Her eyes were sparkling, and she looked like a weight had fallen off her shoulders since that awkward breakfast a couple of hours ago.

Yeah, Sairaorg hadn't missed that.

Then again, who would have?

"Katie, stop kicking your cousin."

"He deserves it!"

"Probably," Sairaorg whispered and gave her a thumbs up, and Dan stopped flailing against the girls to shoot him a dirty look.

Heh. Vengeance was sweet.

"Katie, this won't be like before." His friend finally managed to wrangle Alex off his head and crouched down a little to meet his other cousin eye to eye. "I won't be gone long, and I'll visit a lot more, promise."

"No."

"But-"

"No!"

"Katie-"

"Why do you even have to go!?" Her voice warbled a little, and Daniel suddenly looked stricken as her face scrunched up in frustration and her breath started hitching in a way anybody could tell was going to lead to tears sooner or later. "You just came back! It's not fair!"

"Katie..."

"Your cousin has to go to...school." It was his uncle that came to the rescue, stepping out from behind his wife and gently trying to soothe his daughter. "Somewhere a little too far away, sweetie. That's why he had to leave the first time, and why it took him so long to come back."

That... wasn't entirely inaccurate, technically.

A lie so white you'd think it was bleached, sure, but not totally wrong - Chiron's place was a school and a training academy all at once, just with two students and one hell of a teacher.

Better yet, it was exactly the kind of thing you could tell a kid when spilling the beans was obviously a no-no, and for so many reasons too.

Katie still looked mutinous though, biting at her lips and blinking her eyes furiously.

"But he just came back."

This time, even Sairaorg winced.

The pleading whine was heartbreaking.

"And he'll come back again." Her father leaned down to muss up her hair a little, before glancing at Daniel. "A lot sooner, I hope?"

It was a question loaded with hope, but Dan wasn't even looking at him as he pulled Katie into a hug with Alex pressed against his other arm.

"I'll visit every other day." He kissed the top of her head "You guys might forget me otherwise."

"No I wouldn't." She mumbled, shaking her head against his chest. "You promise?"

"I already did, didn't I?"

Alex perked up in his grip.

"Pinky promise?"

"...You know what, let's do that."

He set both girls down and promptly extended both pinkies outwards on the spot, and Sairaorg laughed under his breath again - even as he felt a little pang that hadn't hit him in a while.

He wondered what Magdaran was doing these days.

Him and his brother hadn't always been... distant.

They were friends once - proper family, or something close to it, but between their shared father's disdain, at best, and his mother who was a whole other bucket of worms, whatever pale ghost of a relationship they may have had never really stood a chance.

By the time Sairaorg and his mom had been banished in all but name, they'd barely spoken in months.

Now, years later, they might as well be strangers.

But that was a problem for another day, so he shook himself out of his funk just in time for Dan and his cousins to break apart.

"Now you promised. If you don't keep it, you're jinxed." Katie said, and Alex nodded firmly, little hands on her hips. "And I'll steal all your candy."

Everybody snorted, and Dan cracked a grin.

"Katie, do you expect me to believe that you and Alex didn't ransack my stash while I was gone?"

"..."

"Yeah, that's what I thought."

His aunt frowned.

"You have a stash?"

"..."

"Daniel?"

"Not anymore?"

Katie and Alex very carefully looked away. If they knew how they'd have probably started whistling innocently.

Their mother sighed and pinched the bridge of her nose "Oh my G-"

Ah, crapbaskets-!

"Let's not bring him up, please." Dan cut in right before she could finish the word, and Sairaorg sighed and shot him a grateful look. "Better not to tempt fate here."

He'd braced for impact, of course, and it might not have even had an effect at all what with the whole 'other world' thing - and that was still a trip and a half, wasn't it? - but when it came to the backlash devils got from hearing His name and just about anything that had to do with Him, it was better safe than sorry.

Sairaorg had gotten hit with it once a few months back when the two of them had gone out into the city, and that was already more than enough for one lifetime.

Just thinking about it stung.

Daniel's aunt blinked, before her eyes went a little wide.

"Oh, I didn't mean-"

"I know, Aunt Sarah. Probably wouldn't have done anything anyway, since you're not... you know," He cleared his throat awkwardly when she nodded back. "But we're better off not waving the red cape at fate anyway."

"Yes, that does sound smart." She agreed faintly, before her brows furrowed. "Wait, so Him too?"

She muttered that last part under her breath, but let the conversation drop as her husband wrapped a hand around her and rested the other on Dan's shoulder.

"You're off then?"

His friend nodded.

"Yeah, it's about time."

"Alright then. I'll walk you two out."

Technically, they didn't need to walk out when they could teleport on the spot, but Sairaorg supposed that it was the thought that counted.

Dan cuddled his cousins one more time, whispered something in each of their ears that had them all giggling in a way that was basically hardwired to make any parent in any world suspicious and rose to give his exasperated aunt a long hug before turning back to him with a nod.

"Right. Let's go."

At least the silence between Sairaorg's friend and his uncle as he walked them just to the front door wasn't nearly as loaded this time around.

Just... hesitant.

And expectant.

"I still have the keys to your mom's old place."

Dan blinked.

"The apartment?"

His uncle nodded.

"I haven't been back in years now, but I cleaned the place up good before I locked it up." The man pursed his lips. "There are probably plenty of things there you might want to look over when you have the time. If you ever want to visit-"

"I'll come to you." The answer came out a little dazed, and Sairaorg side-eyed him in a way that had him waving it off before he could ask the question. "Thanks, Uncle David."

There was a slow pause, before Dan jerked forward to give him a fleeting hug and stepped back again so quickly he basically jumped with an awkward cough.

Sairaorg couldn't a stifle his grin, and he caught another heated glare for it.

Not one word.

He blinked innocently.

I saw nothing.

Dan didn't look convinced.

Damn right you didn't.

His uncle didn't miss it, and he laughed a little as he extended a hand his way.

"Sairaorg, right?"

"Yes sir."

"Take care of my nephew, would you?" He shook his hand firmly. "You both seem like sharp kids, so make sure to watch each other's backs when you're off doing whatever it is you're going to do, alright?"

"Of course."

Sairoarg wouldn't have it any other way, and it must have shown on his face too because David Winchester's polite smile became a little more genuine.

"Good." He turned back to his nephew "I'll see you soon, Daniel. Don't forget what I told you."

"I won't."

And that was that.

The man unlocked the door, offered them one last firm nod, and then the two of them were walking out into the empty hallway and hearing the thing close and lock with a click behind them.

For a long moment, neither of them spoke.

It was only when the silence started getting vaguely uncomfortable that Sairaorg decided he might as well lead with the obvious here.

"Are you okay?"

Daniel shrugged.

"Fine."

Sairaorg raised a brow and stared flatly.

"...Okay, I could be better." He grimaced. "Some of the stuff we talked about... I don't know. Hearing it out loud kind of felt like my heart grew fists and decided to punch me in the gut for the giggles, and I'm still not sure I'm over it."

Sairaorg winced.

"That bad?"

"Just some stuff about my mom."

He didn't wince again, but it was a close call.

If there's one thing Sairoarg could get not wanting to talk about, it was his mom.

For all the many, many differences in who they were and where they came from, they really did have parallels that were nearly impossible to miss - you'd have to actively try just to ignore them.

Most of the time, that little tidbit was awesome.

He got a best friend out of it and everything, and he had no complaints there. Wouldn't trade him for the whole world and then some.

Literally.

Sometimes though - meaning right now, apparently - it just stung.

Mutually - and that was just for the normal reminders.

He wasn't touching the other thing with a hundred-foot pole - the idea that Dan had floated over to him a couple of hours ago.

His fists clenched and unclenched reflexively.

Nope.

Not a chance hell.

Getting stuck on a plan so fleeting you could squint and miss it was just a bad idea all around.

The smart thing to do was to figure it out at its own time, later.

Right.

... Except, thinking that wasn't actually helping any.

The traitorous flicker of hope at the back of his head might as well have been Holy Light for how dangerous it was to his self-control right now, and yet a part of him that was quickly getting impossible to silence or ignore was still reaching for it anyway. Never mind the risk of getting burned.

For all that Sairaorg was managing to keep his mouth shut - because he refused to be the kind of jerk who'd ruin Daniel's family reunion before they headed back home - he had spent the last couple of hours with his brain cycling through every emotion under the sun like one of those fancy spectacle roulette wheels you'd saw at big carnivals, and now he was just about ready to start vibrating out of his skin in the kind of excitement that was less 'sugary and cheery' and more 'scarily desperate'.

Seriously - It was concerning.

Maybe even more than he thought so himself, because he made the mistake of staying quiet a few seconds too long, and Dan took one look at him and immediately figured out where his mind was at, no words needed.

"We should get back. Talk to Chiron."

"Might as well." He agreed, trying not to sound too eager - which he probably definitely failed at, to be honest, but Dan didn't do anything beyond sighing wryly and reaching out to grab his shoulder.

"Ready?"

Sairaorg twitched.

And here they went again.

"Probably not?"

He didn't think he'd ever get used to... whatever it was that was happening when they jumped across worlds.

The concept was easy to brush past when they were running from one thing to the next, but that was more because he knew that trying to wrap his head around it would be a headache and a half if it even worked at all, so he was just rolling with the hits this point.

... Actually, now that he thought about it, it had only been a day since he found out about everything and went up against...Smaug.
...

"Huh."

"What?"

"I punched a dragon in the face yesterday."

"..."

"..."

Daniel stared at him funny.

"...Did you just finish processing that?"

"I think so?"

For some strange reason, he was only now remembering the feeling of those stupid-tough scales, scalding hot and glowing like molten metal beneath his fists.

He hadn't broken through, even with his Touki flared outwards to the highest peak he could drive it to, but Smaug's head had still snapped back from the force of his punches.

His punches.

The failure of the Bael.

...

Wild.

Just...wild.

Dan snorted, but he looked just as quietly excited at the reminder for all that he tried to play it cool.

"Stop smiling like that. You look ridiculous."

"No." Sairaorg countered reasonably, and his heart felt a little lighter than it did before. Just a bit. "I punched a dragon in the face."

One step forward and a hundred more to go, and that was just to start with, but a win was a win, and a tiny - and possibly a bit vindictive - part of him couldn't wait to see the looks on a few people's faces when he brought it up at some point down the line.

Thoughts for later.

Dan rolled his eyes, muttered under his breath dramatically and gripped a little tighter.

"Got it."

Finally.

They blinked out of existence.

...​

One trip later - confusing, eldritch, and likely existentially awful in ways that couldn't be described in any existing language ever, like a rollercoaster ride that looped through the Dimensional Gap itself and somehow didn't end up with you being eaten by the Apocalypse Dragon God living in that terrible void - they rematerialised in the Lonely Mountain.

Whoosh.

Immediately, a scalding wave of pure heat and fiery red light smacked them in the face like they owed it money.

"THERE YOU ARE, THIEVES!"

Sairoarg's jaw unhinged and Dan let rip an incredulous curse that would have had the original Lucifer himself wincing a little even as the two of them shot into a backward flight so fast it had the air around them tunneling and screaming from the explosive acceleration.

Smaug -the apparently very-not-dead dragon- loomed over to them live a vengeful titan wreathed in flames, maw unhinged and crackling with pure murder as his claws scrapped trenches against the cavern floor like knives scoring lines through wet clay.

"DID YOU THINK ME BEATEN!?" He boomed, and fire pooled in his open maw like a canon priming and ready to fire. "I AM SMAUG!"
...

Except... he wasn't?

Sairaorg registered it in the split second it took for him to cock back his fist, and for Daniel - who was still swearing like an opera lead reaching a crescendo, for the record - to unload his spear from the enchanted armband Chiron had given him yesterday.

The presence was missing.

That hungry, slithering draconic nastiness that reeked in ways that had nothing to do with the smell - which was still the stuff of nightmares all on its own - was just gone.

Come to think of it, even the voice was wrong - deeper and off-pitch in a way the stood out like a sore thumb if you had even a split-second to clock onto it.

And just like that, the jig was up.

Even if his eyes were telling him something different, the truth was glaringly obvious.

That's not Smaug.

The exact second that realization crossed his mind, they heard the snort.

Sairaorg froze.

Dan froze.

Hell, Smaug froze - or the image of him did, like someone had picked up the remote and hit the pause button mid-scene in a particularly campy horror movie.

The familiar voice snorted again, before devolving into genuine laughter as the bulk of the enormous dragon swallowing up everything in his line of sight flickered and faded away, the illusion melting into motes of dying light like a magical projector reel running out of steam.

Chiron stood there and continued to laugh, deeply and from the gut as the remnants of his spell fizzled out like they were never there at all.

He even wiped a tear from his eye and everything as they slowly floated down and just stared at him, the whiplash from heart-popping adrenaline to sheer disbelief shutting them up better than any number of head thumps ever could.

"The looks on your faces."

He raised both hands, chuckling, and something small, white and box-like appeared in his grip before he raised it their way.

There was a mechanical snap and a flash of light.

Then their teacher continued laughing.

"..."

"..."

"Is that," Dan's brow started twitching, chest still heaving from the ridiculous rush. His spear wavered and nearly slipped out of his suddenly slack grip. "-a freaking Polaroid camera?"

Chiron made a show of staring down at it in mock surprise.

"Truly, my student, your powers of observation astound me." His laughter finally petered out into an amused exhale, and his lips were still curved straight up as he raised the camera in their direction again. "Now smile. These are important souvenirs."

Snap - Flash.

They both stared some more.

"...was the jump scare really necessary?"

"I don't know. Was tangling with a dragon in its own lair for no conceivable reason at all necessary?"

...

Oof.

They were never going to live that one down, were they?

Dan opened his mouth, then closed it again before raising a finger in the weakest protest to date.

"I asked first."

"Necessary? No. But satisfying, however?"

Chiron's grin was pleased as punch in the most vindictive way possible.

"Immensely."

...

Sairarg's lips twitched, and his fingers spasmed like he was being tased.

Dan's shoulders shook, more than a little helplessly.

They both took a deep breath and met each other eyes.

...

""Pfft.""​

Then they started cracking up.

...​

So, as it turned out, Chiron had been real busy in the few hours that they'd been gone.

The proof?

Smaug's body had vanished, not a scale left behind, and there were nearly two dozen enormous shipping containers all in all, stacked to one side of the passageway leading up to the treasure room, and with a handful stacked a little further from than the rest in a way that had to be deliberate.

"Dragon remains." The centaur had explained, before twisting his hands like so and shrinking them in on themselves with the same kind of effort that Sairaorg used to fold his laundry and a display of space warping that made his brain hurt. "Sorted and cleaned. They'll need careful handling later to see what use we can get from them, but for now..."

He gestured to the piles and piles of heaping gold and valuables.

"There's a little room left, and I've cleared the bulk of any lingering draconic miasma from the hoard. Go pick anything else that catches your eye."

Dan perked up.

"Anything?"

"A trinket or two, nothing more. I've stored enough gold, gems, weapons and a few pieces and works crafted of a rather impressive thaumaturgically-active metal to thoroughly repay the effort you put into killing this mountain's previous tenant. Grab a few keepsakes that stand out to you, and we'll be on our way." He waved them away. "Off you go."

It didn't take them long to choose, either.

Sairaorg knew devils who'd drool over the chance to go through a mountain of treasure like this even if they were already stupid-rich, but it really wasn't his scene now that Chiron had done most of the grunt work for them, and in a hundredth the time too.

Daniel did end up going for the obvious though.

"Mine." He hefted the gold and silver-strung harp from before and cradled it to his chest like he was ready to run a victory lap with the thing. "I'm going to have so much fun with this thing."

"Try not to deafen us while you're at it."

He wasn't even kidding - the supernaturally off-pitch screeches his friend sometimes let rip in their spars were bad enough.

The last time it happened, Sairaorg's ears had nearly gone on strike.

Dan raised a brow.

"You're kidding, right? Figuring out how to turn music into a weapon is, like, the second thing near the top of my magic-stuff list right now."

Great.

"What's the first?"

"I'll get back to you on that one."

Translation: "I'll spring it on you mid-spar and try to look cool doing it."

Sairaorg smirked.

"You do that."

Counter-Translation: "It still won't help you win, but you do you, dude."

They could have gone back and forth all day, but Chiron was waiting for them, so they packed up the harp, grabbed a couple of cool-looking gemstones, and started trecking back up the literal ocean of gold.

Chiron had dented it, but only slightly. You'd have to be searching for the difference to find it, which was all kinds of crazy to think about.

Then a glint caught his eye, and Sairaorg left the thought to screech to a halt in his head as he spotted something worth more than a second look.

"Sai?"

"Give me a second."

He bounded up the hill of gold, and there it was, cresting the top of the pile.

How they missed it before, Sairaorg had no idea, but even Dan seemed stunned when he hefted the glowing, beating gemstone in his hand and marvelled at it.

"Woah."

"Right?"

It was no bigger than an apple and almost perfectly spherical, cut so cleanly it felt as smooth as glass in his grip, and it shone with a soft, silver-white radiance like brilliant moonlight and sleeping galaxies were trapped inside its heart.

The fractal rainbow shine reflected off of the gold beneath them and made even that glint brighter than it should have.

"Magic, you think?

"Maybe?"

Even if it wasn't - and Sairaorg wasn't feeling any great power from it - it still didn't make it any less...pretty.

"Now that's a souvenir." Dan nodded admiringly, and they exchanged another grin before he shrugged and patted him on the back, "Nice catch, dude. I'll ask Chiron if he's seen any more like it. Also, you're it now."

"I'm what-?"

Then he leaped over the hill of gold and started hightailing it back the way they came.

"Last one to Chiron's a rotten egg!"

"Oh, you cheating hack!"

He pocketed the stone and took off after him.

...​

The mood abruptly turned somber when Chiron finished packing away the containers, and led them back out the other path leading beyond Smaug's lair - into the first hall they'd crept into when they first entered the mountain.

Only this time, it wasn't empty.

Instead of a clear and gargantuan space, there were well over a dozen more wooden... coffins?

"What...?"

"You were gone for quite some time." He murmured, voice low in grave and solemn respect. "Enough for me to finish up here, and take a look around this mountain. I found books and engraved histories that I'll be translating later, and the remains of many dwarves hidden away in half-buried rooms and tunnels scattered across the place. I suspect they starved trying to hide from the dragon, or attempted to wait out a rescue that either never came..."

He trailed off, eyes passing over the coffins again.

Dull and unassuming, but Sairaorg couldn't stop looking at them - or get his stomach to lift from the pit it had dropped into.

"...Or simply failed entirely."

...

Ah.

This was a new feeling.

He wasn't sure what it was exactly, but he hated it already.

"Should we..." Sairaorg hesitated, trying to find the right words and probably failing abysmally. Those ingrained etiquette lessons he spent years of his childhood suffering through quickly came up short. "Do anything about them?"

"We don't know what their burial traditions look like, and if what you've told me about the Ravens who live across this mountainside is true, their kin will be returning soon." Chiron shook his head and reached over to gently pull him away. "I've given their dead the minimum of respect that is due by not leaving them in the state I found them in, as is only decent, but it's best that we let them handle what comes next by their own means.."

That seemed fair - in as much as any of this was.

To be starved in your own home...

He swallowed.

On the bright side, the memory of decking Smaug in the snout was now even more satisfying than it'd been just before.

Dan agreed, if the mutinous look in his eye and the way mouthed something about dragon scales and oven mitts and a few more words that seriously weren't safe for polite company were anything to go by.

"Come," Chiron herded them away. "It's time for us to return home."

"It doesn't really feel fair," Dan muttered a little more and a little louder, and their teacher hummed in agreement.

"It won't always. That's why you must use your best judgment." He patted him on the head as they left the hall behind. "And if it makes you feel better, we can visit in a few months. Pay our respects, and see what the returned dwarves make of this mountain."

They both perked up.

"Really?"

"Of course. Now let's get back - then you can tell me all about how your day went, and what exactly it is that's bothering both of you."

Ah.

He noticed.

Of course he did.

Sairaorg swallowed again. "Okay."

They walked the rest of the way in silence.

...​

For once, the trip back to their world wasn't overwhelming.

Sairoarg was too nervous for that - instead, they appeared in Chiron's backyard with the familiar stumble and stutter of reality and immediately followed him into the house without a word.

Nobody spoke up until they'd cleaned up, changed, and came back down to sit at the kitchen counter while Chiron poured out three mugs of tea and finally settled in to listen.

"Well?"

Telling about Dan's visit to his family was the easy part. It was only when he waited expectantly for what came next that things finally got difficult.

Sairaorg had no idea how to start himself.

"Should I-?"

"Yeah, you can go first."

His friend nodded, before turning back to Chiron.

"Quick question, teach - what do you know about the Golden Fleece?"

Chiron raised a brow.

"An old artifact, now lost. Flayed from the body of the golden-wooled ram Chrysomallus, who was sent by the cloud nymph Nephele to rescue her mortal children Phrixus and Helle from death when they were due to be sacrificed to the gods, and then was sacrificed by Phrixus himself in turn to show gratitude and appease Lord Zeus. Later the target of many a king and hero's ambitions, and the quest of Jason and Argonauts needs no explanation." He took another measured sip of his tea. "It possessed significant power for an object that was allowed to rest in mortal hands in that era - it granted its wielder the magic to bend the winds to their whim, and it could likely be used to impose their will on others by acting as a conceptual catalyst for 'Royal Authority.'"

Dan... stared.

Just a little.

"Wait, air powers and mind control? That's what it did?" He hesitated, face twisting in confusion. "Not... healing?"

Chiron's brow rose a little higher.

"No. I'm assuming then that the one you're familiar with-" 'From your world', he didn't have to say "-was different?

"Uh, yeah. The one I know has the power to heal anything - even people who've been cursed to transform into other objects or immortals who've been shredded into itty bitty little pieces." He paused. "Well, I'm not actually sure about the last one, but it's likely, and it's a solid yes on the first one."

"Impressive." Chiron offered with the same energy of someone commenting on the weather before he leaned over to pour himself another refill of tea. "And why the sudden interest in long-lost mythological artifacts?"

"Well..."

"Yes?"

They could slowly have led up to it.

Really they could have - but ripping the band-aid off and going for broke was basically half their personality at this point, so...

"I have a pretty good idea of where it is back in my world, and we want to go get it."

Credit where credit was due - and there was a heck of a lot of it due at this point - Chiron didn't even blink.

"Why?"

Here, Daniel finally stopped talking.

Instead, he nudged Sairaorg with his elbow.

All yours, man.

Sairaorg cleared his throat and forced himself not to fidget hard when Chiron's patient gaze shifted over to him.

"What do you know about the Sleeping Disease?"

...​

By the time he was done talking, his breathing was a little ragged, and he was squeezing the countertop hard enough that it was a miracle the marble didn't start splintering beneath his fingers.

If they noticed, neither Chiron nor Daniel pointed it out.

Instead, the latter was downing his own cup with enough deliberate 'I don't see nothing' energy to power a city and the former was giving him this long, heavy look that made that no-fidgeting effort he was trying to put in completely useless in no time flat.

"I see," Chiron murmured at last, exhaling steadily and pinching the bridge of his nose. "I won't ask why you didn't come to me with this before - it was your story to tell-"

Sairaorg relaxed a little-

"-but there are several glaring holes in this little plot of yours."

And nope, he tensed right back up again.

"Holes?"

"Yes. Let's start with the obvious one." He pointed at Dan. "Do you know where to find this Fleece, and how?"

That... was a good question, actually.

Sairaorg hadn't even thought to ask before, too busy trying to wrangle the flare of hope the story had brought up before he ended up setting himself for a failure so crushing he might as have had the moon dropped on him.

Daniel stiffened.

"I-" He struggled to find the words. "I have a... limited touch of foresight?"

Sairaorg stared.

"From your father?"

Apollon was the god of Divination and Prophecy, right?

"...You know what? That actually works - let's go with that." He grinned, before the expression died out under Chiron's look. "Besides, I'm ninety percent sure that there are only two places it can be, and I know how to find out for sure."

"How?"

"My uncle gave me the number of one of my mom's old satyr friends - they work with demigods back home in that camp I told you about, and we can cross the place of off the list if we call him and check in beforehand. If it's not there, it'll be in the Sea Of Monsters."

Sairarog stared some more.

"The what now?"

"Think of it as this magically-enclosed zoo habitat out in the Bermuda Triangle, only it's stuffed full of all the old-school Greek sea monsters from the myths, maybe a few new ones, and all the zookeepers probably got eaten a whole long while ago. The Fleece should be on an island with Polyphemus, the blind cyclops from the Oddessey."

"...What?"

Daniel nodded sagely.

"Yeah, I get that. Trust me, this stuff gets wild when you really think about it."

"We'll circle back to that." Chiron raised a finger. "Second point - After we arrange a visit so that I might see your mother's condition for myself-"

"You mean you will?

...

It took him five solid seconds to realize that he'd just blurted the words out, and by then Chiron was already looking at him in a way that was half-questioning, and half-exasperated.

"Did you think I wouldn't?"

"No, I-!"

He couldn't get the words out - it felt like someone had built a brick wall halfway down his throat and covered the thing in with cement just to be safe.

Dan snorted into his mug. "Idiot."

Then he yelped as Chiron nailed him upside the head.

"That's enough out of you."

Sairaorg's eyes weren't stinging.

They weren't.

Despite himself, he laughed.

It sounded a little off, but who even cared anymore?

"You're so dumb."

"Sai, your skull is thicker than industrial-grade steel. You have zero room to talk."

"Heh."

"Boys." Chiron snapped his fingers their way, but he was smiling as he did. "Focus. Assuming that we visited the Underworld, say, the week after next - Do you have any idea what your father would do should he find out where you've gone, Daniel?"

His friend paused.

"Apollon?"

Chiron sighed, and then he smacked him again.

"Ow! Hey!"

"One day, you will learn to stop asking stupid questions, and I will rejoice. Until that blessed time, answer this one - what do you think your father will do should he find out that his acknowledged and only demigod child ended up in the Underworld? In Devil territory no less?"

Dan hesitated, before looking at Sairarog, who grimaced.

"It would be bad?"

Very likely.

Most pantheons didn't like devil-kind - outright despised them, even, because his ancestors had basically gone out of their way to tick off pretty much everyone under the sun and made a hell of a showing off it too.

Pun unintended, but totally fitting.

Chiron turned to Sairaorg too.

"It would be the equivalent of a devil pillar heir somehow receiving an invitation to the Vatican and actually accepting it." He said flatly, and Sai's grimace this time was more of a full-body flinch than anything else. "To put it plainly? If you go down there and one hair on your head so much as shifts the wrong way, your father is liable to wait only long enough until you're out of harm's way before reducing anything, everything, and everyone within whatever distance he pleases to a glass floor - And that would just be to start with."

Dan paled, and somehow managed to look confused too - like he couldn't believe his divine parent would go that far for so little.

If Apollon were anything like the devil Lords Sairaorg had known and heard of, he absolutely could could and would.

"That would be bad."

"Indeed." Chiron agreed seriously, before lifting a third finger up. "Though all of that is irrelevant in the face of the most important detail - you are asking to go on a quest, and for all that you've improved tremendously in the last eight months, I don't think you're ready."

...

"What?

"You aren't ready yet." Their dumbfounded looks wash over him like waves breaking against the shoreline. "Quests are serious, deadly business - I imagine that remains as true in your original world as it does in this one. I've never willingly sent a student into one unprepared, and I'm not about to start now."

"But..." Dan staggered over the words. "We fought a dragon."

Chiron was unmoved.

"Impressive, but I'm unconvinced. One showing isn't enough. I need more than that, and while we were always heading there by the end of the year, the little display has convinced me that a change in schedule is in order. We've ironed out your basics since we started training - now it's time to see how far you can push past them. "

"What does that mean?" Sairaorg felt his heart clench like something had reached into his chest and decided to crush it in their grip like a squeaky stress ball. "What do we have to do?"

Their teacher smiled and downed the last of his tea, before carefully setting the mug down.

"Tomorrow, I'll start ironing out the details for a trip to the Underworld. I imagine you need to let someone know to expect us, Sairaorg?"

He nodded mechanically.

"Good. I'll work around that schedule - in the meantime, though, the two of you will be sparring."

Dan blinked.

"Against each other?"

Because they already did plenty of that, no reminders needed.

"No." Chiron's eyes flashed with something neither of them quite caught, but sent shivers down their spines all the same. "Against me."

...​

The next twelve hours were the longest of his life.

Sairaorg couldn't eat.

He couldn't sleep.

He could barely breathe easily.

When dawn came the next day, he was already down in the kitchen by the time Dan walked down the stairs, Courage nipping at his heels.

He took one look at his face and sighed blearily.

"Couldn't sleep, huh?"

"Not a wink."

"I get the feeling."

That was that, for the first half-hour.

He took the stool next to him, made a bowl of cereal, and then they just sat side by side and waited tensely in the kind of companionable silence had gotten used to over the last year - the benefits of having a friend after going so long without.

Sairaorg even managed to relax a little - until Chiron trotted into the room, looking as composed as ever, and found them already waiting for him.

"You're ready. Good."

He clapped his hands, and the three of them vanished on the spot.

...​

"This won't be like your other spars, and I'm not talking about the change in opponent."

Chiron's voice was iron as he led them out into the middle of the valley... that was also in the middle of nowhere.

Two enormous rocky plains that stretched up into mountains crowded them in side by side, with an enormous rock wall in front of them where Chiron stood, and what seemed like literal miles of green forest stretching out behind.

Sairarog wouldn't have been surprised to find out that they weren't even in Greece anymore, though he didn't have it to care or ask as a particularly cold chill brushed back his hair and carried the with it the scent of dew and Chiron's words over despite the distance between them.

"You want my blessing to go on a quest? You'll have to earn it."

There was a flash of green light, and Chiron's clothes morphed into gleaming bronze-tinted armour that covered his upper half perfectly. He stretched out his hand, and his staff appeared in his grip.

"Ah, crap," Daniel whispered, worried, and Sairaorg knew why.

It felt different.

The air, the tone he took with them, even the staff - it felt dangerous.

This wasn't going to be like before.

Not even close.

"Today, you are going to hurt." Chiron declared, like an executioner sharpening the blade right in front of his victims. "You might also break. What comes next will be nothing short of brutal, and we will not be stopping until you don't have it in you to move anymore. You've learned the basics - now you learn how to fight."

The word landed like it had more weight than it should have, and their teacher's eyes had never been that intense before.

Like he was daring them to back out.

Sairaorg would never admit it, but it was enough to make him hesitate, the way you'd instinctively flinch back from sure and certain danger.

Then he remembered What was at stake here.

Mom.

He had to prove he was ready.

Both of them did.

His fists clenched, and he took a deep breath right as Daniel nodded.

"Ye-"

He didn't get to finish the word, or the thought.

He didn't even see Chiron move, vanishing in place only to reappear right in front of him, and he sure as anything didn't see or feel the fist that caught him in the gut and folded him over it like a lawn chair, before propelling him back into the air so quickly it might as well have been teleportation.

Not at first, anyway.

His eyes and brain only caught up when he was already hundreds of feet away, rocketing into the distant but absurdly quick-growing tree-line and slamming right through it like a hot knife slicing into butter.

Then the pain hit like a freight train, almost as hard as Sairaorg hit the greenery and kept going as the momentum had him carving through them, rows and rows of hundred-year-old trees erupting into storms of flying bark and splinters if they weren't actively being torn out of the ground from the force of his passing.

By the time he regained enough control to pop out his wings - and they screamed in bloody protest every step of the way - and caught himself in midair, the spot Chiron had struck him from was so far away he had to squint to see it.

That, or it might have been the excruciating pain in his everything that was doing it, starting from the creaking and almost definitely cracked ribs and radiating up and down his spine like waves of muted fire and to sharp knives stabbing at the inside of his nerves.

"Ughgh."

He'd never been hit that hard.

Never - not once in his entire life, even in the last near-year's worth of training.

Nausea bubbled in his gut, trapping him in that cursed, awful half-state where you hurt too much to throw up no matter how badly you wanted to, and it was only pure, nearly mindless will that had him flapping his wing and rocketing over the tree line and back into the fight.

It took him less than a minute to soar back in a straight and furious, and by the time he managed that the the place already looked like it had been pulled through time from a battlefield in the Great War.

The ground had ruptured. The grass was on fire. Smoke rose everywhere.

"You wanted to go on a quest like this?"

Chiron's mouth didn't move, but the air rumbled with his words anyway - and whether they were meant for him, Daniel or both was anyone's guess, because his teacher was clashing his staff against his friend's spear with blows that rippled through the air hard enough that Sairaorg was feeling the vibrations at back of his teeth.

"Too slow."

For his part, Dan wasn't attacking - he was barely managing to block, chest heaving and panic clear on his face as every other hit rattled his arms, and then Chiron feinted and twisted his spear in a way that put his weight against Dan's.

"Damn it!"

It was no contest, and Serpent's Downfall went flying into the air like cheap trash.

The next thing he know, Chiron's entire hand was wrapping around his mouth and face and lifting him clear off the ground before he began galloping straight towards the mountainside, holding him directly in front of him entire time.

"Too weak."

Dan yelled in genuine terror and erupted into golden light, reinforcing himself with as much power as he could while simultaneously trying to sear and blind Chiron all at once, but the centaur didn't even flinch as he shot right into the mountainside and drove him headfirst into solid rock with the most horrendous sound of splintering rock and muffled screaming that Sairaorg had ever heard.

"Stop-!"

Too late.

Chiron kept him pressed into the stone as he changed tracks, shooting off to the left and dragging him through it, literally carving a trench into the mountainside using his head as a tool while he flailed in his grip and in unimaginable pain.

It was horrifying, and it made Sairaorg roar with fury.

"Stop it!"

He shot down like a missile, fist cocked back and Touki flaring outwards, but Chiron didn't miss a beat - he abruptly flung Dan up and switched his vice grip to his ankle, before rounding on the spot and swinging him into Sairaorg like a bat at speed and equally stupid force.

They slammed into each other like boulders in the middle of a rock slide, and the impact was so jarring it made something in his chest crack and the air erupt from his lungs so suddenly he never saw the staff coming until it caught the side of his face in one brutal swing.

Stars exploded across his vision right as they dropped straight down - for all the good it did.

They didn't even hit the ground before he was on them again, hooves lancing down in a way that would have caved in their chests if they hadn't scrambled along the dirt in a desperate attempt to put distance between them.

"You need to be better."

"Better this!"

Dan's roar was so garbled he might as well have been underwater, but a burst of condensed sunlight and magic lanced out of his hands as he threw them forward all the same - no spell, just power and anger.

In response, Chiron raised two fingers, and the beam struck and scattered like it'd been filtered through a prism.

He didn't even flinch.

"Really, Daniel?" He shook his head as his other hand rose, and the air filled with the scent of ozone as honest-to-Lucifer lightning crackled across his fingertips. "That was just inefficient - let me show you how it's done."

Sairaorg's blood froze as the world tinted in shades of green and electric blue, and the roar of thunder tore out across the valley right before-

"REACH OF SUNLIGHT!"

-The lightning bolt utterly eviscerated the spot where they'd just been heaving in the very second Dan tackled him and whisked them away in a flash of sunlight

...​

Unlike the world-hopping, there were no borderline insanity-inducing panoramas as Dan's teleportation spell took hold and transported them to the top of the mountain peak to the right of the valley, so high up that the air was paper-thin and the view would have been amazing if Sairaorg's heart wasn't actively threatening to pack its bags and climb out his throat in sheer panic.

He was also start to feel faint around the edges.

Was that shock?

"What..." Daniel heaved, trying to catch his breath. His eyes were somehow both blazing with light and glazed over, and there was a savage wound across his forehead leaking rivulets of blood down his face and binding his hair in quickly matting clumps. "...the fughghdd!?"

The word tailed off as he retched and nearly face-faulted.

That head wound was apparently even worse than it looked.

Come to think of it...

Sairaorg gingerly touched his head, and swallowed a scream through gritted teeth at the matching cut in just the same place, and the less said about the blurry vision and the state of his skull, the better.

"Y-you tell me." Even with Chiron's warnings, this was so completely off the rails he'd be tempted to laugh hysterically if he wasn't so afraid that his ribs would just give out from the effort. "What did you just do?"

It took him two seconds too long to answer.

"Teleportation spell. Got the idea from Courage." Even his breathing was still off, harried and grasping. "My hound is a creature of darkness, so he can travel through it. I'm a demigod of light, and my father's sun touches the surface of the entire world. I can go anywhere."

"...Good for you."

"...Thanks."

Talking was good, as stupid as they probably sounded - it and the adrenaline helped take away from the absolutely ludicrous pain lancing through their everything.

He tried to get off his knees and back onto his feet, and it genuinely felt like he was being tortured.

"W-What now?"

Even talking hurt.

Why did talking hurt?!

"I-" Dan never finished. His eyes suddenly went wide, and he moved to tackle Sairaorg again, this time just flinging them off the edge of the cliff and forcing them right into a wild, uncontrolled flight. "Move!"

Three seconds later, Chiron's arrow hit the mountain peak, and promptly erased it from existence in an explosion so large it could probably be seen from outer space.

Thousands of tons of gravel, dirt and waves of fire shot up into the stratosphere in a localised hurricane, and the gale-force winds that sprung out of it furiously batted at them like the palms of an angry god trying to swat them out of the sky.

It worked too.

As they fell, more arrows rained down from the sky, and they had to break apart to twist and weave as everything in sight and range became a living minefield.

Boom.

Boom.

Boom.

How they ended up on the ground so quickly, Sairaorg couldn't even remember - his ears were ringing too loudly, the spots in his vision would probably make medical professionals cry, and Chiron was suddenly right there no!

The super-amped sound - if you could call it that - that came out of Daniel's mouth as he tried to stagger him was a crime against nature and would have probably permanently damaged his hearing, but he didn't manage to get through the first note before Chiron backhanded him hard enough that his jaw and spine couldn't possibly have made it out of the experience unscathed.

He tumbled away and their teacher tutted.

"Predictable."

Then he raised his hand and caught Sairaorg's blindly thrown fist without so much as looking in his direction.

The air trembled. The ground heaved.

But Chiron's hold didn't waver.

Sairaorg felt something in him shake as his teacher shook his head.

"And disappointing."

Up became down and then up again as he swung him over one shoulder like a sack of potatoes, letting him hurtle to the ground before adding, in an almost conversational tone:

"Greater Curse Of Atlas."

Sairaorg died.

...

...

...

...

...

That had to be it, right?

What else could happen when the entire world goes monochrome grey, when gravity and what felt like space itself fold in from above to squash you flat like a bug, and when whatever small part of you that can still feel registers the sensation of your bones and flesh being ground to dust and pulverised meat as you choke on the iron tang of a mouthful of blood?

Death, that's what.

No question about it.

...

...

...

Except - why did it still hurt so much?

"How disappointing. Is this the sum of your strength?"

Sairaorg couldn't answer him. He could barely focus on the words.

But he still heard them.

"RAGH!"

He heard that too.

Daniel leaped back into the fray, arm stretched out as his spear came soaring back into his grip like a fiery missile, but to Chiron he was about as threatening as a wet kitten charging down a four-by-four.

"Back for more?" His staff deflected the first furious jab easily. "At least try to do better this time, why don't you?"

He lost track of the words and unintelligible screaming after that, and his vision went pitch black at the edges as the eternities - or seconds, who knew - passed by.

But the words still echoed in his head.

'Is this the sum of your strength?'

Over and over again, they repeated - and the voice wasn't just Chiron's anymore.

His father's smug condescension wrapped around it too, and then the people who tried to make a joke out of him, and everyone else who thought that that the failure of the Bael was pathetic enough that they could mock him to his face and within his hearing without having to worry about a single consequence to follow.

Not one.

...

And they were right.

Then.

...

...

'Is this the sum of your strength?'

...

...

No

No, no, no.

No.

It wasn't.

He wasn't done.

He still had a promise to keep.

Mom.

By the time he registered that he was screaming - faintly, because sound inside the bubble of the Greater Curse moved differently, he was already up on his hand and knees.

His spine quivered and threatened to snap. His muscles stretched to the point of tearing. Something inside his chest - not his ribs, those were already pretty much done - felt like it was on the verge of popping.

Maybe a lung.

Maybe his heart.

It didn't matter.

Sairaorg still stood anyway, powered by blood, spite and sheer freaking grit, and pushed back against the weight of the invisible burden in a way Atlas himself never could.

It wasn't enough - he was still trapped.

So he reached out.

Senjutsu, or the druidic arts, or any of a dozen other names Chiron had taught them weren't something they'd touched too long.

Sairaorg had still been refining his Touki, moulding and shaping it - the forces of the outside world where still out of reach.

Or they had been.

Slowly, with his teeth gritted hard enough to shatter diamonds, he reached out.

His Touki flared as it stretched thin and wafted off of him, and his soul thrummed like a second heartbeat as it brushed against the power of the World around him.

Quiet but ever-present, like the hum of a generator that ran so smoothly most people never even noticed it was there.

But he wasn't most people, and he wasn't going to stop at just noticing it.

Come to me.

His Touki shuddered as he tried to connect it to the invisible lines of power running across the World, making it all up.

I need your help.

Senjutsu reinforcement. The next step in his training.

Something he'd never managed before, but needs must.

Now.

For another infinitely long moment, nothing happened.

Now.

Instantly, something changed.

His body straightened. His shoulders evened out, and his limbs spasmed as his veins caught on fire. Pure power surged into him like an unstoppable tide and Sairaorg's soul reveled in it, even as the grass at his feet wilted and the air went from cold to downright arctic.

He didn't even notice the change.

Instead, he looked ahead, to where Chiron was driving Dan back and getting ready to flatten him once again with contemptuous ease.

Their eyes met. His widened.

And Sairaorg roared, pulsing with enough Touki that he glowed like a star himself, and punched the air.

Logic dictated that the effort would do nothing.

Logic also dictated that Sairaorg could never amount to much, so as far as he was concerned, logic could crawl into a hole and damn-well cry about it.

His fist struck, and with a sound like a breaking glass, Chiron's spell shattered.

So did the air as he tunneled through it in the next instant, flying so fast that even the centaur's eyes grew in surprise right before he flickered out of the way of the ballistic blow.

This time, his fist hit the ground and unleashed a cataclysm.

The ground burst. Dirt and soil heaved upwards in an enormous wave, and the trees as far as the eye can see away toppled over and snapped as they were pulverised at the roots.

The entire valley trembled from the sheer force.

When it was done, Sairaorg nearly was himself.

His arm hung limply at his side, broken in at least two places. His other limbs felt like lead weights, and his Touki spluttered weakly and felt frayed, like a worn rope.

It was terrible.

Somehow, though, he was still smiling so wide and with so many teeth it would have given hardened veterans nightmares.

"You..."

He looked up.

"You jackass." Dan descended from the sky and matched his grin with his own, and through bloody teeth at that. Like him, he was nearly vibrating in delight. "Where the hell do you get off showing me up like that?"
...
"...Ha-UGh-heh."

It hurt to laugh, but Sairaorg still managed to snicker even as his nerves rebelled, complete with torches and pitchforks and all that good stuff.

"What can I say?"

He clenched his good fist and raised it right up in challenge.

To who, he wasn't quite sure, but it was still a challenge he intended to carry out.

A goal he would achieve, and if the heavens themselves were his enemies, biblical or otherwise?

He'd punch them too.

"I'm just getting started."

"Good." They both turned in place as Chiron trotted out of the cloud of dust, idly twirling his staff in his grip. His smile, though... "I was beginning to get bored, and we aren't even close to finished."

It was the proudest Sairaorg had ever seen him look.

"Of course we're not done." Dan scoffed, and raised his spear up high as he rose back into the air. "You think I could live with myself if I let Sairaorg pull a move like that without matching it? His head will get too big!"

"My head will get too big?"

"Talk later, Sai! I need to show you both how it's done!"

"Yes."

Chiron actually laughed, and spread his arms out wide. Green light in a strobing aura, and Sairaorg realized with a start that he was finally taking just a little bit seriously.

Or maybe that was just wishful thinking.

Dealer's choice.

"That's the spirit! Come at me with everything you have!"

Dan laughed right back, totally lost in the moment - that, or the excessive blood loss was finally getting to him - and pointed his spear forward.

"Ignite, Serpent's Downfall!"

The spear exploded with fearsome dragon fire, overflowing until it became a lance of orange and gold, hungry and ready to let loose. In seconds, it shone so brightly it overshadowed the world itself, and cast everything in a hellish shade of red.

And he would know.

Hah.

Faced with that, what else was Sairaorg supposed to do but cock the one fist he had left and start bouncing on his feet himself?

"""Let's go!"""​

Then they all charged right ahead, and everything dissolved into carnage of the most amazing kind.

...




Chiron, introducing Dan to the real way of the fist:





View: https://imgur.com/BwaA2UD




Sairaorg levelling up with Senjutsu:





View: https://imgur.com/wYgdvYD​


As always, leave your comments and ideas and if you don't like it, please be courteous.
Last edited: Apr 30, 2025
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Ender Wiggen, odinori and 1,049 others
Firewillreign
Apr 20, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks I One-Hit-Kill A Giant Death Monster, And That's The Boring Part
View content
Firewillreign
Firewillreign
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 26, 2023
Messages888
Likes received82,880
Apr 24, 2025
Add bookmark
#843
The next couple of weeks were the most ridiculously painful ones of my life, and I mean that in pretty much every possible definition of the word - but mostly the physical kind, because if Sairaorg and I thought Chiron was intense before?

Hoooooo boy.

The higher gear he literally manhandled, kicked and outright blasted us into was a whole other kind of ball game.

We still went through our regular training, the classes and the basic spars against each other, but from the second he decided it was time for us to actually stress test those skills - 'stress' being the big and shiny operative word here - Chiron started pulling us away from them every day without fail and teleport us back out to that valley.

And then he'd take us apart - and again, just so we're entirely clear here, I mean that literally.

It turns out that when your magical know-how is so far out there that you can heal mangled limbs and semi-pulverised insides in a few hours without even breaking a sweat, you have no problem pushing the limits of regular sparring a teensy bit more than usual.

Sounds fun, right?

Chiron thought so too, and maybe I would have laughed about it with him if I hadn't nearly had my jaw broken three times in as many days before I learned to shut up and move fast enough to dodge the blows he sent my way, over and over again.

Some of them, at least.

"Keep at it!" Our teacher half-encouraged and half-demanded just about every time he wailed on us all across the valley, and with all the energy of a man with a thousand-year-old grudge. You'd think we'd burned his house down or something. "You've cultivated the skill, now comes the strength!"

Naturally, that was easier said than done, because the first time he did say it was immediately followed up by him clocking me in the side of the head hard enough that I spent the rest of the day tasting colours.

Sairaorg had it just as bad - breaking his arm the first time around was basically just the warm-up for the next few days, and Chiron seemed to take it as a personal freaking mission to make sure we came out of every other go-around barely able to stay on our feet and looking like hell warmed over.

Assuming we could even stand at all - I'm pretty sure I nearly ended up paralyzed from the waist down that one time he drop-kicked me off a cliff... and then dropped the cliff off after me.

Yeah, that was a rough six hours.

The craziest part though?

It was working.

Over the span of fifteen days, I came up with and tested four-and-a-half new spells just to keep up and not wind up in a full-body cast.

I pushed myself to move faster, to hit harder, to multitask between my bow, spear, and the magic until I could sling from one to the other in the blink of an eye.

Chiron always blinked faster, of course, except for those rare times when he felt like tossing me a bone and humoring me, but the change in pace of our fights was still something that not even a blind idiot could have possibly missed - and I'm not just talking about the way I used my powers.

It was like I'd gone from a slow and steady march over the last few months to a wild sprint in no time flat - No matter how badly I got folded in the end, every time we went at it was a little different, a little better.

I didn't just feel like I was improving - For the first time since all of this started, I felt genuinely powerful.

And I wasn't the only one, either.

Sairaorg?

Senjutsu reinforcement was still brand new to him, and he hadn't done anything relatively more impressive than dipping his toes into the shallow end of a pool the size of the Atlantic, but just the sheer, stupid power he was able to cram in underneath his skin now was something else entirely.

Sure it was just the basic stuff - Senjutsu wasn't just about punching harder, but controlling spiritual and natural energies to pull all sorts of stunts and phenomena out the wazoo - but the classics were exactly that for a reason.

If he was already strong before, then the things Sairaorg was learning to do with just his fists now were getting downright cartoonish - like someone decided to stuff an earthquake or three in a five-and-a-half-foot frame with an attitude and zero concept of chill before letting it loose on the world.

It was awesome.

Didn't save us from getting the crap beaten out of us on the double, but we were slowly climbing up that mountain no matter how many times we got knocked off of it.

...

And then a goddess decided to drop by for a visit.

...​

Okay, let's back up a bit.

It was two days before we were set to go down to the Underworld to visit Sairaorg's mom - that was happening both sooner than I expected and right on time, because the wait had been killing both of us.

I don't know why Chiron picked that day out of all of them, but Sai had been quietly ecstatic, and he'd rushed off to send a message to his butler through one of his bat familiars pretty much immediatley.

The guy was set to show up via teleportation circle to pick us all up the day after tomorrow.

And yeah, finding out Sairaorg had a genuine butler waiting for his calls was, like, the highlight of my week.

Much rich-kid teasing ensued - though I'll level with you here and admit that I don't really have much room to stand on anymore, what with how rich I'd gotten practically overnight.

Between the six shipping containers worth of solid gold, the other loaded with gems and trinkets - each - and the few dragon leftovers from Smaug that Chiron wasn't going to be keeping to make all kinds of alchemical tricks that we'd be store up our sleeves to use down the line...

Well.

We hadn't gotten around to sorting it all out and getting exact numbers for how loaded we both were by now, but odds were it was a number some people wouldn't even know how to pronounce.

Still processing that bit, honestly.

Moving on now - before my day jumped off the rails so quickly you'd think someone had blown them to kingdom come, Sairaorg and I had been hanging out in the garden.

If that sounds boring, good.

That was the whole idea - it was one of those miracle Sundays where Chiron would give us the afternoon off to do whatever, and we were milking that breather for all that it was worth.

Sairarog had been sitting against a tree and playing fetch with Courage, occasionally tossing a stick for him so far out that an ordinary dog would have croaked trying to run after it and back more than a couple of times, and I was cross-legged on the grass a few feet away and strumming the strings of my new harp.

The thing was a total score, by the way - my fingers barely had to touch the strings for the silvery metal to sing, the notes going from low to high and back again.

"You're getting pretty good at that." Sairaorg offered, and I shot him a thumbs up.

"Thanks, man"

I wasn't an expert, and having the instinct to use the harp didn't mean that my brain came pre-loaded with the instructions or the sheet music for songs or anything, but piecing together how to play just by strumming at the thing and practicing with old nursery rhymes and ear-worm tunes was a lot easier than it would have had any right to be if I'd been a regular old mortal.

Also, it was just plain fun.

I'm no Mozart yet, and I still hadn't figured out how to play the hymns of Apollon Chiron had suggested without cheating off the manuals he pulled for me from his library, but my 'Twinkle Twinkle Little Star' was already the gold standard of bedtime lullabies everywhere.

It might have even made the man shed a tear himself.

We spent a little time like that, enjoying the fresh air and the sunlight - that was kind of my thing and all - and it was all very bright and scenic.

Until I got bored.

What?

ADHD was still a thing for me.

"Sai?"

"Yeah?"

"You want to go into town? Get some lunch?"

He perked up and stopped tossing Courage's stick, which was probably for the best.

If he put any more strength into his throws then that thing was going to disappear over the horizon, and my dog would be miffed about it all day.

"Cheeseburgers?"

I shrugged and started packing up my harp.

"Sure."

If we left then, we might have even been able to catch a movie before heading back. It'd been a while.

Course, as it turned out, that really wasn't in the cards for us that day.

We stood up, took about five steps forward, and then the air around us changed.

Nothing dramatic, or even obvious, but something suddenly made my skin prickle hair and at the back of my neck stand right up.

Sairaorg and I didn't even blink as we spun on spot so we were standing back to back, knees crouched and senses peeled sharper than razor blades.

Chiron has snuck in enough surprise attacks on us at this point that being ready to go at a split-second's notice was as close to second nature for us as you could possibly get.

Only, I didn't think this was Chiron.

Call it a gut feeling.

"You see anything?"

"No." Space twitched a little as I sent a spark of magic trailing down my arm and into the band on my wrist, and my spear popped into reality and settled into my grip like a fifth limb. "I - there!"

A narrow streak of shining silver quickly burst out of the treeline and hurtled right towards my center mass so fast the air seemed to be screaming around it.

A month ago, it would have given me a crazy bad time - now, though, I just had to swing my spear at the right angle to intercept it.

Silver met red gold and bounced off with a sound that was somehow both a heavy gong and a shriek of metal against metal so tortured it made even me wince, but it wasn't Serpent's Downfall that came out of it malformed and misshapen.

The arrow hit the ground behind us, and I had just about enough time to realize what it was before five more came soaring out, each just a little bit faster than the last.

Fine. Bet.

Swing, swing, swing - I deflected three in short succession, ducked under the last, then Sairoarg outright yanked the last one out of the air before hissing and tossing it aside.

"That stings."

I'll say - for a second, his palm actually seemed to smoke, and the skin turned bright red like he'd accidentally pressed it against a hot stove and didn't pull away in time.

Nothing major, but it ticked me off something fierce as I glared back at the tree line and raised my spear a little higher.

The blade began to crackle with pulsing flames.

"Show yourself!"

"Yes, please."

Neither of us jumped when Chiron shimmered into being right next to us, steaming mug in hand and an almost exasperated expression on his face as he looked out past the trees himself.

We didn't relax either.

"Preferably before my precocious student sets my flower beds and woodlands on fire."

He paused and gave me the stink eye.

"Again."

"Hey!" I spluttered indignantly, even if I didn't pull my eyes away from the spot I was busy glaring at. I was not getting shot by an arrow today - once was enough, and no, I'm not going to talk about it. "That only happened one time! And you made me shovel it all away and re-plant everything myself!"

Sairaorg had laughed himself to tears, the jerk.

Chiron ignored me with the practiced ease of a teacher who was having absolutely none of your crap, before taking another sip and clearing his throat politely.

"Had I known you were coming, my lady, I would have prepared them both for such a meeting."

My lady?

I would have asked - heck, I opened my mouth to - but someone beat me to the punch.

"There's no need for that Chiron."

The woman materialized right in between the three of us between one breath and the next, without a flash of light or even a shift in the breeze.

She was wearing cargo pants and heavy-duty combat boots, and a black leather jacket over a white shirt. A necklace capped with a particularly gnarly-looking tooth hung around her neck, and her face was both youthful and familiar in a way that tickled at something near the back of my head.

I didn't swing my spear at her head at the sudden appearance, but I didn't lower it either - not that she seemed to notice.

Her long white-blonde hair shifted against her shoulders with the breeze, and her silver eyes barely flickered to Sairaorg and me before they panned back to Chiron - not quite dismissively, but more like she'd clocked our general existence and immediately acknowledged the fact that we were about as threatening to her as a pair of particularly fearsome gerbils.

I could believe it, too.

Something about her was different to Apollon - namely, the fact that I didn't feel like I was standing next to a ticking hydrogen bomb about to go off right in my face, but was somehow still leery as anything of getting too close.

It was hard to describe.

"There's no need for formalities. I'm just dropping in for a quick visit."

Even her voice was familiar, and I figured it out before Chiron inclined his head in a respectful half-nod.

Silver arrows. Familiar face.

Sheer presence.

"How may we help you, Lady Artemis?"

And there it was.

"Isn't it obvious?"

I wasn't even a little surprised when those silver eyes locked back onto me with real focus.

Then again, I don't think any of us were.

The goddess's slow smile was very careful, and way too assessing for comfort.

"My twin shared some interesting news with me, and I've come to see what all the fuss is about. Hello, nephew. You have impressive reflexes."

Needless to say, we didn't go out to lunch.

Spoiler: AI Artemis

...​

"Let's take a walk."

What was it with me, Olympians and walks?

I mean, I was only two for two on those, but as far as most sane people were concerned, that was two too many - if it happens again, I should get a free ice cream sundae or a coupon or something.

Until then, it wasn't a request - gods didn't really do those.

Even if they phrase something like one, most of the time you'd have to be dumb as bricks not to get that it really, really wasn't.

Or maybe an actual brick.

Let's be honest here, stranger things have panned out in this pantheon.

Regardless, Artemis wanted to talk to me.

She spent thirty seconds chatting with Chiron in a voice that was probably deliberately too low to follow, ignored Sairaorg entirely - which was more than fine with everyone present - and then turned back to me with a raised, expectant

"Well?"

"Sure?"

What else was I supposed to say?

Chiron and Sairaorg just shrugged at me when I glanced over at them, the goddess of the hunt didn't seem upset or in any way peeved, and I had two different ways of getting the heck out of dodge if any of that changed.

It was a done deal.

And I was having such a nice day too.

I sealed my spear back up again and reluctantly made to step up behind her as she turned away t and began to walk back in the direction her arrows had come from.

"Good luck," Sairaorg muttered, and I sighed.

"I'll need it."

"No kidding. Don't get smote."

That got a wry grin out of me.

"That's the hope."

"You already know what to do." I was less nervous and more tense -ready to spring into action at the slightest hint of danger, even -but I'll admit that the fact that Chiron didn't look bothered at all as he downed his tea was doing wonders to keep me calm. "She's here to observe you and likely nothing else. Treat it like you would a visit from your father."

"Those aren't really good for my blood pressure either, teach."

He snorted and vanished his mug.

"Tragic."

... I think he was still upset about the flowerbeds.

"Nephew."

Artemis's voice snapped me back into focus, and I yelped and took off running after her - she was already disappearing between the trees and her pace hadn't cooled one bit.

"Come."

"Where-?"

I didn't get to ask.

Abruptly, without warning, she started running.

The transition was seamless - she stepped right into the sprint and took off across the woods like it was the most natural thing in the world.

As a goddess of wilderness on top of a whole bunch of other domains as well, it probably was.

I followed after her at a focused sprint, trainers crunching against the grass and piles of dead leaves underfoot, and something strange happened.

The forest began to stretch and warp like something was twisting it around us as we ran. The air caved in like a tunnel with no beginning or end, and tiny silver motes began to light up all around us whole glowing shade so bright that when it hit her hair, it shone like pure moonlight.

Then things got really weird when the outside world started to... melt, almost.

It flickered and sunk into the background, phantom images bobbing and vanishing with every passing second like we were running through a train car that was also moving a thousand miles an hour and leaving everything behind it in the dust.

I didn't flinch or stumble in my run, because I could feel how much of an all-around bad idea it would have been, but it was still the second oddest form of teleportation I'd ever experienced - and yes, I knew what was happening pretty much instantly.

Kind of an expert at this point.

At least it was over quickly.

Artemis's run slowed out of the blue, and the tunnel of air and shifting imagery began to fray at the seams. The second she slowed to an outright walk, it faded away entirely - and just like that, we were somewhere else.

The first thing I noticed was the cool air, tinged with the smell of thyme.

Actually, scratch that - the small hill overlooking the forest we appeared on reeked off the stuff, to the point that it nearly overpowered the pine and fruit underneath it. A mountain rose in the distance, part of a range that stretched out to the right of the horizon and kept going and glinting green in the mid-day sun.

Actually...

I kind of recognised the place.

Chiron had a portrait of that exact range hanging in the house and somehow, Artemis seemed to know what I was thinking.

"Mount Pelion."

She stepped up next to me, and the footsteps were so light I swear you'd think she was walking on air.

"Where once your teacher lived and made his home, thousands and thousands of years ago. He still keeps a holding there, as is his right, but he occasionally visits from time to time."

Huh.

"Cool."

In hindsight, I could have worded that better considering who I was talking to, but she didn't seem to mind.

If anything, she was a little amused. The corners of her lips even quirked up a little.

"I suppose it is."

For a second, neither of us talked.

I didn't fidget as her eyes bored into me, but that was because I had this niggling feeling that it would give the wrong impression more than anything else I could do.

Heck, I even tried not to blink on pure instinct, and did a damn good job of it too.

The silence stretched on.

And on.

And on.

Eventually, I gave up.

"Why did you bring me here?" Then I coughed and added, quietly "My lady?"

"I told you, didn't I?" Her expression didn't change, but her eyes finally left mine and flickered down towards the forest. "I was curious. My brother has not claimed a child in centuries."

I stiffened a little at the way she stressed the words, and even though she didn't look back at me...

She knew.

No doubt about it.

She understood that something fishy had gone on there - whether that was because my dear old new dad had told her, or because she was spitballing at some version of the 'truth' was anyone's guess, but she knew something.

Great.

"And?" I didn't freak out, even internally - I'm proud of myself for that. "What happens next?"

"We shall see." She started trecking down the hill with the easy grace of someone who's done it a hundred thousand times before, and I had no choice but to follow. "Apollon's words were enough to answer my questions, but sometimes actions are of greater value."

My brows furrowed and I hopped after her as she leaped over a row of jutting boulders and landed on the balls of her feet.

"And that means...?"

"It means I want you to look at these and tell me what you see."

I blinked as she gestured down.

Tracks.

Heavy tracks.

Chiron had taught us enough about hunting that I could immediately tell they didn't come from a deer, and for plenty of reasons too - the obvious one being that they were anywhere from five to ten times the size they should have been.

I crouched down to give them a good look before glancing back up at Artemis, who'd gone back to watching me silently.

"Well?"

"They're not deer tracks." She didn't say anything, so I crouched a little further down and pointed to the claws. "Whatever these things came from, it had hooves, but they're too round at the base, and the claw imprints are shorter and stubbier than they should be."

She raised an eyebrow, and I could almost hear her telling me to get on with it.

"And see here?" I was getting a little warmer know as I pressed my palm into one of them, and it sunk all the way up past the wrist before it hit the dirt at the bottom. "The earth here is rough and rock solid almost all the way through, but the tracks are still too deep. Whatever made them is big and heavy."

Which meant they were strong - the supernatural kind of strong.

"What else?"

I almost started when she finally spoke, and for a second, she almost sounded approving.

"Uh..." I followed the tracks with my eyes before pointing awkwardly and trying not to cringe. "It went that way?"

I was expecting a flat look or some more judgemental staring, but she only just raised her eyebrow again and crossed her arms over her chest.

"Is that right?"

"...Yes?"

"Are you asking me, or telling me?"

"...Telling you?"

"Then what are you waiting for?" She tilted her head expectantly, and I realized she was expecting me to lead the way. "Go hunt your quarry."

And you know what?

I went and hunted my 'quarry' - because I had one of those now, apparently.

...​

We followed the trail for the better part of an hour, even though it looped in on itself multiple times - like the owner was a tourist who just couldn't figure out which they were going and had to double back again to look for famous landmarks.

The closer we got to whatever it was waiting at the end, the rougher things got - and I'm not just talking about the environment.

The ground got steeper, and more torn up. Plenty of the heavy pine trees were leaning the wrong way, and the bark was looking a little... crushed, like something absolutely massive had steam-rolled past them and nearly torn them right out of the ground.

Ah, who am I kidding?

That's exactly what happened - I could almost smell the thing from the tracks it left behind. This nasty scent that reminded me of this one time Uncle David took us on a road trip to Cold Spring for the weekend.

We stopped at a public gas station halfway there to use the bathroom, and the place reeked to high heaven and back in a way that made my eyes water and my nose start filing out retirement paperwork.

Fun times all around, you know?

Artemis followed behind me effortlessly, even if we didn't talk. She seemed content to observe me as we cleared the ground, and eventually I think I just managed to mostly tune her out.

Somehow.

"There."

I heard a heavy, huffing exhale of a sound as we got closer, we found it right as we crested another small hill, nestled in between a glen along the middle of a circle of toppled trees.

That was the good news - I found my quarry!

That was also the bad news - I found my quarry, and dear dad was he ugly.

The monster boar was twice as big as a minivan, some twenty feet higher even when slumped over in sleep, and covered in a coat of bristling, shaggy fur so thorny I nearly pricked myself just staring at it. Its tail was short and stubby, and two oversized horns jutted out from the sides of its jaws like giant ivory swords of pure doom.

And the smell - did I mention the smell?

It was about a hundred times worse straight from the source, and if you could bottle the stuff up from the air you'd have a chemical-grade weapon on hand whenever you wanted - only I didn't think anybody would want this.

I tried not to gag as the boar shifted in its sleep, letting out a snore that sounded like a chainsaw blade sparking against gravel before petering back out again.

"An Erymanthian boar, then." Artemis hummed beside me, arms uncrossing as we both knelt down to see it better. "I thought as much."

I blinked.

"The one Heracles captured?"

I wasn't super read up on all the mythologies yet, and especially not the true mythologies Chiron was teaching us firsthand, but the Twelve Labors were basically the alphabet of the Greek hero stories.

Everybody and their grandma knew about them.

"No. That was the Erymanthian boar. This is merely one of its descendants." She pursed her lips. "They don't ordinarily range this far south, but this one has been making a nuisance of itself. It's disrupting the local ecosystem and threatening to cause problems with the mortal settlements nearby."

Right.

Messing with the natural balance and threatening the masquerade would prickle at her domains and sensibilities like nobody's business, wouldn't it?

"So you want me to...?"

I trailed off leadingly.

"What do you think?"

"Right."

It was pretty obvious, wasn't it?

Granted, I wasn't sure why she wanted me in particular to do it - she had a whole crew of people up to the ask - but I figured I was better off not asking.

With a crackle and a flare of light, Serpent's Downfall reappeared in my grip, and I hefted it up and over my shoulder.

The boar rumbled in its sleep some more, which was my cue to take aim for its head and reach back to take it out before it woke up. - A bit brutal to start with, but I wasn't fighting Porky the murder-swine if I could avoid it.

I had better things to do with my time.

"Wait."

I paused and stared at Artemis in confusion.

"Correct your posture."

What?

Her boot inched forward and nudged my foot back a little, and her hand pressed against my back lightly.

"Your aim is near-perfect, but you're too stationary. You need to be ready to move the moment that spear is out of your hand." The reprimand was clear. "I know that Chiron's taught you to stay light on your feet, so don't let the temptation of an easy shot break you out of the habit. That's how you get killed in predictable and often pathetic displays."

...

... Was she actually giving me advice?

Good advice too?

I don't know why that surprised me that much, but the hesitation cost me.

With a heaving grunt, Porky woke up.

His fur bristled even more as he sluggishly rose to his feet and pawed at the ground, and his red eyes flickered on like enormous LED lights. He snorted heavily, nostrils flaring, before he angled his tusks first and stared right at us.

At me.

"...Good nap?"

Those eyes narrowed before he let rip another crackling growl and started furiously tensing up like someone waved a red cape in his face and dared him to have a go at it.

"Rhee!"

I stared at Artemis, but she didn't seem the least bit concerned.

She was still waiting for me to make a move.

"Rhee!"

Okay, fine.

We're not doing this today.

The second Proky put one ugly hoof forward, I was already gone.

Reach Of Sunlight.

I vanished in a flare of sunlight and reappeared right next to Porky, too close for him to turn around and gore me with those tusks, and with nowhere left to retreat to even if I chose to give him the time to back up.

Spoiler alert - I didn't.

"Ignite."

Like the dragon it came from, my spear didn't do subtle.

The moment I hurled it forward and up into Porky's side, Serpent's Downfall lit up like a second sun.

The shockwave of superheated air followed suit, blowing back the fallen trees and incinerating the grass underfoot before it slammed into the boar before it could even squeal.

The force behind it was so insane that it actually lifted the three-hundred-ton monster off its feet at about the same time that half its fur caught fire, and it was dead before it the ground again like a pile of overcooked barbecue.

...

For a second, I just stared at it a little.

Huh.

That was easier than I thought it be.

The smell of burning fur and grass hit me, and I crinkled my nose before recalling my spear. I turned back to Artemis, who was looking down at me with an unreadable expression.

"...Mission accomplished?"

Excessively and with probably insulting degrees of overkill, but that was usually the best kind, right?

Artemis stared some more, and I was starting to get worried that that was a default state for her or something.

Then the expression melted away, and the goddess tipped back her head and actually sighed in resignation.

What?

"You..." She sounded as exasperated as Chiron had been, and also... fond? "...Are absolutely my brother's son."

Somehow, that wasn't what I was expecting either.

...​

Things moved quickly after that.

Artemis leaped from her perch to assess the still-smoking Porky's corpse, before she clicked her tongue and snapped her fingers.

"Some of the meat is salvageable. I'll send a portion to Chiron, and the rest to my hunters, who'll treat it and donate it to a few women's shelters across the area." She glanced my way. "Your hunter's share is accounted for."

Well then.

"Thanks?"

Guess I knew what we were having for dinner today.

Then I yelped as she grunted and reached over to flick my ear.

Why even!?

"Don't abandon your courtesies, but don't make a habit of thanking people for your due either. Some may take it as a sign of weakness and seek to take advantage of you."

I hesitantly nodded, and she seemed satisfied.

"Time to go."

Like before, there was no warning.

She snapped her fingers, and the forest melted away - only this time, the sound of car horns and bustling noises hit us first as we appeared right in the middle of a busy street, framed by small buildings on either side and the early afternoon crowds.

"Where are we?"

"Volos." Artemis was already walking down the street like she owned the place, and I followed after her as she stepped into the crowds.

It was still Greece, I could tell that much easily, but it wasn't Athens either. "The nearest port city to Mount Pelion."

That was an answer.

I'd have asked why we were here too, but I didn't need to bother.

We wasted no time turning across the street, past a sign, and right into the open door of a small apartment building off to one side.

Three flights of stairs later, she reached for a warm wooden door and rapped her knuckles against it three times, while I stepped back and looked it over carefully.

Magic.

Faint - very faint - but still there.

There was a familiar sound or three from behind the door - pots banging, a TV running, and all the other kind of stuff you'd expect to hear at a little apartment before a pair of running feet overshadowed them and the door clicked open with the slide of a deadbolt.

There was a little kid who couldn't have been that much older than Alex behind it, curly-haired and bright-eyed and chewing on a wad of bubble gum like his life depended on it.

Then his jaw dropped as he took one look at Artemis and lit up like a firecracker.

"Aunty Temis!"

That's when my jaw dropped too.

I didn't - read: couldn't - say a word as he shot forward and slammed into her legs, desperately trying to climb her like a baby koala on a mission, but Artemis just laughed.

Laughed.

"I missed you!"

"Hello, Elias." Her gentle smile was just jarring as she lifted him up and pulled him into a hug. She even pressed a kiss to the top of his curls. "I've missed you too. Have you been good for your Mama?

"Mhm!"

She patted his hair fondly.

"Good sprout."

Okay, what?

"Elias!" A woman appeared at the doorway, bronze-skinned and curly-haired just like he was. "Artemis!"

"Hello, Elena."

This time, there was no way I was imagining the fondness in her voice.

Then she lunged forward just like her son and hugged the goddess too, who welcomed her with open arms like it was the most natural thing in the world.

That sparking sound you may be hearing would be the wires in my brain short-circuiting.

Genuinely terrible sensation - Zero stars, would not recommend.

Eventually, Elena pulled back.

"Are you going to be staying?"

"No, unfortunately." Artemis patted Elias's hair a little more before she carefully handed him back to his mother. "I only came by to tell you that the 'wildlife disruption' the locals were having has been dealt with. A stray Erymanthian boar."

Elena's brows furrowed.

"This far south?

"Curious, isn't it?" Her eyes flickered to me, and Elena followed suit and finally seemed to realize that I was there too. "Something drove it far out of its normal range"

"Who...?"

"This is Daniel Winchester. Son of Apollon."

Elena inhaled sharply and leaned back in surprise.

"Truly?"

"Indeed."

I raised a hand akwardly and gave her my best smile as she looked back at me.

"Afternoon."

She bowed her head my way in a gesture that was a little formal to be a normal greeting, and I tried to keep my surprise off my face.

Along with everything else I was feeling.

"An honor."

There was something about her that reminded me of Artemis herself - a faint aftertaste of power that was obvious with both them standing nearly side by side, like a candle placed next to the star that lit it.

...I had an idea about that.

"We'll be off then." Artemis smiled at Elias one last time, and nodded to Elena. "I have to put this one back where I found him or I'll never hear the end for it."

Elena laughed. "Please come visit again soon."

"I will."

"Bye, Aunty Temis!"

"Goodbye, sprout."

Then we turned around and let the door shut behind us as we headed back down the way we came.

...

What was that?

"Was she-?"

"One of my former huntresses?" Artemis nodded "She left my service years ago."

I nearly missed a step.

"They can do that?"

"Let me guess - you've heard that my hunters are locked into my service and their oaths forevermore after they swear them, and any attempt to leave or break them is punished most severely."

"Uh..."

Damn it, I knew this. Chiron had covered it lightly, but the details slipped my mind when it mattered.

She rolled her eyes as we stepped back onto the street.

"I don't even know where that belief continues to come from. My hunters are permitted to leave at any time they please, so long as they inform me beforehand. Yes, things were once different and more complicated, but..." She sighed lowly, and her voice took on a tinge of... something I didn't want to touch. "Time is a powerful teacher, even for us gods, and regret is a crueler one that often goes hand in hand with it. I've learned from that personally."

"...Ah."

Yep.

Not going anywhere near that one even if you wrapped me in an air-tight celestial bronze suit and paid me to do it.

I'm rich now anyway.

"She felt like you." I didn't want the genuine edge of sadness in her voice to linger and choke out this conversation even more, so I went for the obvious bait. "Her power, I mean. It felt similar."

"I imagine it did. It's a remnant of my blessing on my hunters. Less potent, but still powerful. A gift and a warning both."

"Warning?"

She looked at me then, and something about her gaze made me lock up fast.

"I have enemies, nephew." Her words were slow, and calm, and somehow menacing despite that. Her eyes sparked pure silver again, shining in a way that nearly hurt to look at "There are many who hold grudges against me, both valid, exaggerated and everything in between, and they are welcome to challenge me as they wish... but should any dare lay a hand on my hunters, former or otherwise, or their children and loved ones after them..."

She didn't have to finish the threat.

It was at that exact second that I finally realized what the real difference between Artemis and Apollon.

Both were gods.

Both were ridiculously powerful.

But Apollon's strength was effortlessly obvious. Just existing in his general vicinity made you feel small and at risk of spontaneously combusting.

Artemis was like an apex predator - a coiled hunter ready to pounce, and one you didn't truly know was there until she was already going right for your throat.

Then she blinked lazily, the moment passed, and I felt like I could breathe easily again as the air between us went back to normal.

Woah.

That was...

"You really care about them, don't you?"

It was glaringly obvious, but I still had trouble processing it as we continued to walk and talk.

That reaction seemed a little too... human for an Olympian.

I mean, these guys were my extended relatives, and I'll still be the first to admit that they are the poster-children for why gods and mortals mixing has a minimum fifty-fifty chance of exploding spectacularly in everyones faces.

Artemis blinked again.

"Of course I do. The hunters are my friends, my sisters, and even my daughters. My family." Something in the way she stressed that word was very deliberate. "And I value my family greatly, nephew."

There was meaning in the way she said that too.

I just didn't quite know what it meant, or what to do with it.

"What do you want from me?"

I know that blurting it out probably wasn't the smartest thing to do, but at this point I already made it nearly an hour and a half without saying something reckless.

As far as I'm concerned, that was a new record - and for a reward, I wanted a straight answer.

"To take the measure of you. " She offered freely. "And ask you a question. That devil friend of yours..."

I tensed a little, and I think she caught onto it pretty much instantly.

"Yes?"

What did she-?

"Do you intend to join his peerage?"

...

...

...

Oh.

Her nose scrunched as the word rolled of her tongue, like just saying it had grossed her out, but I barely paid attention to it.

"Sairaorg doesn't even have a peerage yet."

"That's not an answer."

It wasn't.

Probably because never even thought about it before,I hadn't even thought of it before, and I'm... ninety percent sure Sairaorg didn't even have Evil Pieces?

He certainly hadn't told me if he had, and it wasn't something he'd have to keep secret from me.

But now that I thought about it...

...

...

...

"No."

It wasn't the 'devils are nasty, why the hell would I?" answer she might've been expecting, but it was the truth.

I was a demigod, and I already had enough powers to go head-to-head and toe to toe with Sairaorg - and even then, I was barely getting started.

I didn't need to permanently switch to another species to get stronger, or for their magic, or for any of the other reasons people would accept a deal like that in the first place, never mind all the downsides that'd come my way from getting tied to the one faction nearly everybody else despised so completely it was almost hilarious in hindsight.

That just wasn't me.

"No, I wouldn't." Artemis seemed quietly pleased by that, or at least satisfied, so of course I had to risk bungling that up by opening my mouth again. "But that doesn't mean that I would turn my back on my best friend, or that I'm not going to have his back if he needs me too."

Her silver eyes narrowed, but I only swallowed lightly and nodded firmly.

"I won't."

And that's my quota for dumb things to spit out mid-conversation, met and exceeded.

Go me.

Strangely, though, Artemis didn't get upset.

Instead, she snorted.

"Fair enough."

"..."

"..."

"...Wait, for real?"

"I told you that I came to take the measure of you, and I do believe I have." She smiled my way, and the expression seemed almost normal. "Loyalty to a questionable companion is not ideal, but until it becomes a problem, at least the principle behind it is admirable."

And proud, in a calm sort of way.

"It's far from the worst thing you could have inherited from your father."

Then she leaned forward and tapped my forehead with her index finger.

Something shifted, and I reared back a little as my senses seemed to flare out - I could smell the exhaust from the nearby cars, feel the breeze heading my way, and feel the movement of every other person on the street in ago - before settling back down again.

"What was that?" I blinked silver spots out of my line of sight. "What did you do?"

"Consider it a gift. A little edge for you to sharpen and hone, as a welcoming gift into this family." She turned away with something that might have been a smirk. "You'll need it."

"What was that?"

"Nothing."

...

Yeah, and I'm Zeus.

Though I probably shouldn't make that joke out loud. With my luck, he'll drop out of the sky next to take me on another stroll.

...

...

...

Okay, discarding that line of thought, right freaking now.

I shuddered, and Artemis raised a brow.

"Something to say?"

"Not a one."

"Good. Then we're done here."

I... paused.

"We are?"

"I said so, didn't I?"

The 'keep up, you moron' was loudly implied. But it still sounded gentle, almost teasing.

"But what about the Erythmanian boar? You told Elena that something had pushed it out of its hunting range."

"Yes? And?"

"...Aren't we going to look into it?"

With the way she'd looked at me back then, I'd thought that's were things were going.

She seemed to consider that for a bit, before nodding lightly.

Like she'd just made up her mind about something else.

"Tell you what. I won't - I still have responsibilities and duties pulling me away, and the immediate problem has been solved." Slowly, she smiled again. This one was distinctly sly. "But you can."

...

I pretty much asked for whatever comes next, didn't I?

Man, Chiron was never going to let me hear the end of it.

"I can?"

"Indeed. Return here sometime within the next month, and investigate on my behalf. If you can find whatever it is that's causing these disruptions and point me towards it, or even handle it yourself for that matter, I'll consider offering that devil friend of yours a reward as well." I started, and her smile stretched even wider. "Yes, I daresay he'd be the first of his literally damned kind to ever receive such a token in recent memory, if ever at all."

When she put it that way, I only had to think about it for all of three seconds.

On the one hand, she'd just asked me to run an errand.

Potentially a dangerous one.

On the other hand, Sairaorg, so...

"We'll do it. Or try to, at least."

Technically I should asked Sai beforehand, but let's face it, that one wasn't even a question - he'd probably riot if I refused on his behalf.

"Good." She nodded approvingly. "Then it's time for you to return."

She waved her hand, and I lit up with a silver glow as space began to fold around me - None of the mortals around us seemed to notice, though.

"Watch yourself, nephew." I would asked why, but she stunned me when she leaned forward one last time and ruffled my hair. The look she gave was measured, but warm enough that I could almost feel settle into my bones like the wave of magic that followed. "Your existence has made my brother very happy, and I'm not unimpressed myself. Do keep at it until we meet again, won't you?"

"I-?"

Too late.

Her hand pulled away, and I was suddenly gone.

...​

I reappeared inside Chiron's house, right outside the kitchen.

Naturally, they were already inside and waiting for me.

"Dan?" Sai looked me over carefully as I stepped into the room. "Are you ok?

I didn't answer.

Instead, I went over everything that had happened in the last hour and a half, from start to finish and back again, before slowly nodding to myself as I reached a conclusion I never would have guessed at a week ago.

Then again, unexpected surprises were basically my bread and butter at this point, so go figure.

"I think." They both stared expectantly "That my aunt might actually be cool."

And wasn't that something?

For some reason, it was Chiron that started cracking up first.

...​
Extra:

Back in Volos, Artemis stared at the spot that her latest nephew flickered away from before sighing and rolling her neck around a few times.

The gesture was more of a habit than a strict need, but nobody worthwhile would judge her for it.

Then she cleared her throat and spoke, sounding just about done with everything today.

"He's already gone, brother. You can stop hiding now."

For a moment, there was no response.

Then Apollon shimmered into view, hands in his pocket and easy smile on his face. He stepped onto the street from thin air, literally, and as always not one of the mortals surrounding them perceived the change at all.

"I wasn't hiding."

Artemis rolled her eyes and began to march in the opposite direction.

"I'm sure. Was there something you wanted to say, or did you just come to watch over the boy like a mother hen?"

"I would never." He lied breezily. "I just wanted to see what my dearest twin thought of my son."

She snorted.

"You already know what I think."

"Humor me."

"The boy is fine. Better than, even. He's quite impressive for his age."

That might have been an understatement.

Artemis knew talent, and power, and those who had both in ages long since past.

For a child of a softer, calmer era, Daniel Winchester was coming along nicely indeed.

"He is, isn't he?" Apollon's pride was warm, his grin delighted. "You should have seen him eight months ago. Barely more impressive than an average mortal, and now look how far he's come."

Oh, and here they go again.

"I'm not blind, Apollon. I blessed him for a reason."

She didn't just give handouts, not even to her brother's children.

Especially not her brother's children - fleetingly rare as those had become.

As a goddess who valued grit and perseverance, Artemis knew when to grant a boon, and when said boon would only be a crutch that led to inflated the ego and arrogance bordering on a death wish.

This one, however, she could not see herself regretting.

At least her brother was proud of his new son - that, she couldn't begrudge him. It had been centuries since she'd last seen him like this.

"And to kill a dragon at his age."

Her eye twitched.

On second thought...

"Will you ever shut up about that?"

She'd seen that spear. She'd seen the memory.

It was an achievement worthy of songs - but she'd already gotten the damned message, and her twin was nothing if not excessive when he wanted to be.

Apollon just laughed.

"Hardly."

Wonderful.

"Did you ever find out where the dragon he's defeated came from?"

Because Smaug the Bane Of Dwarves was not a name she was familiar with, and curiosity had been niggling away at her for some time now.

"I have some theories. Some more valid than others." He shrugged nonchalantly. "Chiron's already helped them claim the corpse and is preparing to sell the excess. I'll get my hands on a few pieces and see what leads they turn up."

She nodded.

"And the boy himself?"

Because she was perhaps one of the few people aware of his existence who also knew that he was not Apollon's son by birth.

At least, not the ordinary kind.

"Irrelevant." Apollon didn't miss a beat - not that she expected him to. "He is my son, indubitably and inarguably. I'll find out more in time, but the most important matter has already been settled."

That was the absolute truth, and they both knew it.

"And his devil companion?"

"..."

"..."

"What about him?"

Artemis shot him a flat look as they continued walking down the street. The mortals parted away from them like a wave splitting against a rock cliff, still unable to see them but stepping aside anyway out of sheer instinct.

Ants scattering away from a boot that had no interest in crushing them, but could still do with ridiculous ease.

"Fine." He huffed and adjusted the cuffs of his suit. "It's too late. If I wanted to separate them, I should have done it sooner. They've trained together and fought together and bonded."

His expression didn't change, but the subtle displeasure was obvious.

"Their friendship is less than a year old, but it might as well have stretched on for centuries. I can't pull them apart now, by force or otherwise."

Because Daniel Winchester would never forgive his father for it, and Apollon would not be harming his son for the sake of one devil.

Some would disagree with that plan.

Others would refuse it outright.

The last time a Greek demigod had gotten close to a Abrahamic devil had been centuries ago, and that situation had spiralled into an utter disaster so absurd there was still gods who felt the impact of it to this day.

Apollon was one of them - but he didn't need the reminder, and Artemis wasn't inclined to bring up bad, bloody history, so she just nodded and let the matter drop

"Is that why you're keeping your distance?"

"Hardly. He's uncomfortable in my presence, and that will take time to change." He shrugged easily. "Let him train and grow stronger for now. It'll make him more comfortable, and I can be patient."

If nothing else, it was a good plan.

Daniel Winchester was growing stronger, and Sairaorg Bael was, for now, not a problem. For a devil of his age, and lacking in magic as well, his spiritual presence was growing rather notably, but that was a footnote for the moment.

For now, all was well.

"So tell me, sister, have any of your hunters killed a dragon recently-?"

She scowled and took off into a sprint faster than Aeolus's winds themselves.

"Oi! Temis! Where are you going?" Her infuriating twin just laughed and followed in pursuit. "We were just talking!"

A second later, the two gods disappeared into the fading sunset.

...​

Dan, realising his divine Aunt might actually be cool:


View: https://imgur.com/vT3znJ2​


Artemis and Apollon when the latter won't stop bragging about his kid:


View: https://imgur.com/74677cL​


As always, leave your comments and ideas and if you don't like it, please be courteous.
Last edited: May 4, 2025
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Darkplayer35, Ender Wiggen and 1,178 others
Firewillreign
Apr 24, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks We Don't Talk About Feelings, And I Have An Awesome Plan
View content
Firewillreign
Firewillreign
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 26, 2023
Messages888
Likes received82,880
Apr 30, 2025
Add bookmark
#953
Two days passed in the blink of an eye, and we were finally ready to head down to the Underworld.

About time too.

Sairaorg had spent more hours than I bothered to count getting progressively more and more keyed up until it was a miracle steam didn't start pouring out of his ears sometime in the last twenty-four, even if he tried his best to hide it

It was subtle - just this nervous excitement mixed in with a few other things both good and bad - and you know I mean 'hope' - that had him off his best game even when Chiron sparred us on schedule.

I did my part to distract him when we weren't training - and by distracting him, I mean I nailed him with enough water balloons that Courage kept helpfully teleport over to me through the shadows at our feet until he finally stopped fretting and started chasing us around the house as I laughed like a total lunatic.

"You jerk! This was my favorite shirt!"

"It looks ugly! I regret nothing!"

"You will when I get my hands on you!"

By the end of that, we were both laughing, and his mood bounced back, even if it was just for a while - Oh, and I figured out a new gimmick at least.

Turns out that Aunt Artemis's blessing was more than a little different than Apollon's claiming.

It wasn't a straight forward power boost.

Well, I mean, it was a bit - better reflexes, a little more oomph to work with, the whole shebang, but that wasn't anything to write home about.

It was the other perks that were interesting - my movements seemed a little more subtle and fluid, almost, and my senses were sharper than they should be.

I was also more aware of where everyone and everything I could sense was whenever I walked into a room, and I could feel that split-second tell whenever any one of them decided to move almost before they knew themselves.

That part was still a work in progress, though.

Courage twitched the wrong way yesterday, and I nearly jumped out of my skin and teleported to the other end of the room like a startled cat.

Sairaorg had laughed himself to tears about that one too, so I nailed him with another balloon right in the face.

Cue another chase scene.

Much fun was had.

Anyway, it looked like I had a... radar, almost.

Like that feeling I got when arrows were headed my way, but for everything else instead.

Not quite a danger sense, but not too far removed from it if I used it right.

Neat - Sairaorg could pull a trick like it with senjutsu if he tried, but still neat.

There was a bunch of other stuff too - My footsteps seemed lighter now, sneaking up was easier, and I'd probably have some kind of an advantage or two out in the wilderness whenever I headed back out there again, even if I didn't know what it was supposed to be right now.

Eh, I'd figure it out eventually.

Back to the Underworld stuff now - the day came, the sun was high in the sky and the early summer breeze was decent, and we rolled out the way we usually did.

Sairaorg and I had our backpacks, Chiron was geared up for a field trip, and Courage slipped into his customary spot in my shadow as we stood in a spot a few miles away from the estate near the city proper, hidden behind a veil of perception-altering wards and waiting for Sairaorg's butler to show up - he was going to be our guide for the day.

Technically, he didn't have to be.

Getting to the Underworld was easy, but since the entire realm was basically something in between a reflection and a basement for the mortal world in size and scope - and that's me dumbing it down in a way that would have the brainier types who liked to go on about this stuff frothing at the mouth like you wouldn't believe - figuring out how to get from one specific spot to another could be a hell of a headache.

Pun absolutely intended, by the way.

The whole place was stupidly enormous and carved up into more slices of territory than a kid's birthday cake at a party where everyone in their class was invited. You could navigate it on your own, especially if you were strong enough that no one but the real heavy hitters could bother you - Hint: Chiron - or take one of the more 'official' routes if you didn't mind the people in charge of whatever part of it you were visiting clocking in on the fact that you were there, but it was just less of a pain in the neck to have someone guide you over the first time over anyway.

"Do you remember what we discussed?

We both nodded Chiron's way as we waited.

"The golden rule - Don't leave Sairaorg's noble manor."

Because Athens was one thing - the Underworld was a whole other ball game.

My friend rolled his eyes and shoved me.

"You're literally a billionaire now. Nice glass mansion you have there."

"Still doesn't beat your literal one."

Though I might try, someday.

What?

It's not like I couldn't afford it, and I had the magic to work some pretty cool tricks If I ever did.

Thoughts for later.

Sairaorg went to argue, but Chiron tutted in that way that meant we were both going to get cuffed upside the heads if we didn't shut up and that argument got whacked right then and there.

Some things weren't worth the skull fractures.

"Let's not lose focus. Our guest should be here in - ah, there we go."

He didn't have to say it - Sai and I both felt the change in the air before we saw it.

Light spilled out and reflected up from the ground some fifteen feet away, and my eyes narrowed as the anchoring arrays began to click into place and the spell circle bloomed out across them. The breeze shifted oddly as the point at its center shimmered, the space between two points that were literally worlds apart bridged by magic I'd only kind of looked into, and then it flickered out - just as the man we were waiting for appeared between one blink and the other.

Like the only other devil I personally knew, you wouldn't think that Anton Vapula was anything special - or dangerous - by looks alone.

Spoiler: Anton Vapula



Just a tall, mid-thirties-looking guy with dark hair, darker eyes and a suit that was probably a little too toasty for the warming weather, but to each their own and all that.

If it wasn't for the crackles of power - demonic power - that I could faintly sense off of him, I wouldn't have given him a second look if we'd passed each other by on the street.

His eyes panned over us quickly before settling on Sairaorg, and he bowed - and I mean a full-on bow, almost right at the waist.

"Lord Sairaorg."

"Anton." Sai grinned and took two big steps before pressing the man into a hug, which didn't surprise me at all. "It's good to see you!"

"And you as well, my lord." The accent was flawless, and I think there was an edge of fondness there, but it disappeared quickly when he stepped out of the hug and almost immediately bowed to Chiron next, and almost as low too. "Lord Chiron. I am honored to be in your presence."

He sounded like it too, the way just about anyone would be when meeting a literal living legend.

Our teacher just smiled and tipped his head in acknowledgment.

"The honor is mine."

Technically, Chiron wasn't a lord in the traditional way that the word is supposed to be used - he's just Chiron.

Most of the time his name alone is its own title, that's just how awesome he was, but 'lord' worked as well as any other in a pinch and I double dare you to find me anyone in the world who can come up with a good enough reason on why he doesn't deserve it.

Good luck with that.

Anton's eyes flickered to me next.

"And you must be Mr. Winchester." He didn't know who I was - Sairaorg hadn't told him yet - but he still offered me a polite nod anyway. "A pleasure."

I raised a hand.

"Nice meeting you too."

He was Sairaorg's mother's cousin plenty of times removed, which didn't actually get him very far in life with how distant that connection was and the fact that his mother was human.

I didn't ask for the story there, but by the standards of the average devil noble, his existence was apparently about as appealing as a carton of milk that'd been sitting at the back of the fridge for way too long without anyone ever bothering to actually throw it out.

Then Sai's mom offered him a spot in her personal household, and he took to the job like a baby duckling off on its first swim, and the rest was history.

Old history too, considering devil lifespans and all, but that was-

Wait.

My brain screeched to a halt as something much more important suddenly clicked for me.

"Did he just call you Lord Sairaorg?"

Sairarg froze, and his eyes began widening in real panic as biggest grin of my life started stretching across my face.

"No."

Across from us, Anton blinked.

"I did. The young lord holds no official title," There was a quicksilver flash of something sharp in his tone, and a dark look in his eyes that faded just as quickly. "but the courtesy is still deserved."

Oh my dad.

"...Right," I swear I nearly popped a blood vessel trying to talk without cracking up like a lunatic. "My mistake, that sounds totally fair."

I might have said this before, but you just know you're best friends with someone when you can hold silent conversations with just a look - the exact same way we did when I turned on the spot to stare Sairaorg dead in the eye.

"I'll be sure not to forget my courtesies with Lord Sairaorg ever again."

I am never letting you live this one down.

His brow twitched.

"It's just a stuffy title."

Quit it.

"Nonsense, my lord! You deserve nothing less."

The hell I will.

More twitching.

I will punch you through a wall. Maybe two.

I grinned harder.

And I'll be laughing the whole way through.

Oh, make no mistake, he was going to get me back for this somehow, but right then?

So worth it.

Anton's light laughter distracted us, and we both glanced back at him before he could smother the expression and pretend it didn't happen.

"It seems you've made a considerate friend, my lord." He sounded amused, and I think he understood what was going on too. "Your mother will be most pleased."

And just like that, the mood died.

I stopped smiling. Chiron's exasperated expression settled into something more solemn.

And Sairaorg?

His face shifted, before blanking out entirely.

It was a new look on him - and I immediately and absolutely hated it.

"Is she-?"

"Nothing has changed," Anton said gently, and Sairaorg nodded mechanically. "She remains as healthy as can be, considering the circumstances, but..."

He paused, looking for the right words.

"Hope is the best we have."

"Yeah," Sairaorg muttered, head tilting down just a little. "I know."

I opened my mouth to say something, but the words wouldn't come out.

Any of them.

I don't think even a blessing from my dad could have helped me fill the silence that followed, so I settled for stepping up next to him and knocking my shoulder against his.

Seemed like the only good thing to do here.

Chiron cleared his throat.

"Perhaps we should be on our way."

Anton nodded.

"Indeed. If you'd give me a moment, and... there we go."

He raised his hands, and a wave of magic washed over us. The air warmed up, and the world tinted in shades of orange as the spell circle from before lit up underneath our feet.

"This should only take a-"

I didn't hear the rest, because the spellwork kicked in right that second and whisked all four of us away.

...​

As far as teleportation went, the spell-circle method might be my second favorite after my sunlight leaping.

It wasn't much to write home about, but maybe that was part of its charm.

It was quick and easy, got you from point A to point B, and it was all so carefully controlled in a way that felt like you'd have to actively try hard to screw it up.

What's not to like?

....

Okay, I'll admit the travel was... weird-ish.

Not the worst I'd had before - not even close - but it was almost like we'd ended up riding down a falling elevator at speed, but the plummeting sensation was muted, and the rush didn't so much as ruffle our hair.

Not bad, or even exciting - just strange.

It was all over before I could really process much more than that, and it was probably safer than world-jumping anyway - though let's face it, that's not really saying much.

That bar is already buried so deep in the ground you'd need an oil drill and the patience of a saint to dig it back again.

Moving on now.

Spell-circle, a flash of light, a moment, and then we reappeared somewhere else entirely, and I took my first step into the Underworld.

"Woah."

The estate that we'd blinked into was somehow exactly what I'd pictured, and also not at all.

For starters, it was basically all rolling greenery and hedge-maze gardens stretching out every which way but forward, where an enormous manor castle that looked like it'd been torn out of one of those cheesy generic medieval knight movies everybody watched at least once in their lives loomed, all prettied up and then super-sized it for good measure - and I'm not kidding about that last part, either.

It was all massive, from the cobble-stone paths that led up to it, the ivory-white walls that glinted in the light, the rows of towers that rose up high like they had something to prove and were wrapped in ivy that climbed up them, across the parapets - and there's a word I bet you didn't know I knew - and the windows in way so overblown it was either supposed to be really artsy and fancy, or a sign that whoever was in charge around here need to hire a whole bunch of gardeners, stat.

That, and possibly fire the old one, because the dude clearly wasn't doing his job right.

"Welcome to the personal estate of Lady Misla Bael." Anton declared with another polite bow. "Your rooms have already been prepared."

...

Sheesh.

Seriously, I'd made jokes before, but this was something else - the whole place was over-scaled like you wouldn't believe, and roiling with enough magical boundaries and wards so thick you could almost taste it.

Heck, you'd need an entire roll of toothpaste and a bottle of Listerine to wash the staticky aftertaste out of your mouth.

It was like somebody had decided to build a fortress that could go through armageddon and come out the other side swinging, realized halfway through that they wanted something pretty instead, and ended up at the finish line with one that looked like it was a single old school fairy tale story away from ending up in one of Alex's happily-ever-after bedtime picture books.

Still, that wasn't the strange part - It was the other feeling in the air that was hard to describe.

The Underworld felt different.

Close enough that most of it felt right on the money, but also eerily off in a way I couldn't quite put my finger on - like there was something obvious that was flying right over my head, and it was prickling at me in a way that made my hands twitch.

"It's a strange feeling, but it won't last long." Chiron offered before I so much as blinked his way, so I turned to Sairaorg instead... who was also looking confused, go figure. "You'll acclimatize shortly."

"That's... huh." He stared around a bit. "It feels different than I remember."

"Senjutsu," Chiron said, and yeah, that was a good enough answer, wasn't it? "Both of your senses have grown sharper and more developed. The natural energies that stitch this realm together feel irregular because this is the first you've been exposed to them since you've learned how to feel them out, but it'll pass soon enough."

"Great."

I really meant it too - talk about Uncanny Valley, right?- and that's when I clocked onto the real mind-bender.

"Wait, what's wrong with the sky?"

I hadn't even realized something was off until a second before I blurted it out, but once I saw it, I couldn't unsee it.

The sky looked ... right.

The clouds were in the right place, and the early morning light hit just the right spots.

It was all bog-standard and put together, and maybe I would have bought it a few months ago, but a small, obstinate part of my brain planted its feet on the ground, crossed its arms, and started hissing like a cat that'd been thrown into a halfway frozen lake, clawed it's way back out by the skin of its teeth and promptly decided to make its continued survival everyone's problem.

"The sky feels wrong."

The sun felt wrong, or at least off.

...Huh.

Was I getting offended by that?

Should I get offended by that?

Why was I getting offended by that?

"Yes." We all turned to Anton, who adjusted his cuff links steadily. "That would be the false sky the Great Satans constructed over the territories they preside over."

"...false sky?"

The devil gave me a curious look, like he was trying to figure me out, and nodded readily.

"Yes."

"Interesting." Chiron hummed, and he sounded like a tourist visiting the same old attraction for the third time in the same day to boot. "An anchored illusion, or something more complex?"

"I could not say, Lord Chiron. Such things are beyond me." Anton shrugged. "Though it is a refreshing change of pace from what it once was before, I will admit that much"

"Fair enough."

I looked at Sairaorg again, and he just shrugged and shook his head too.

"Don't look at me. It's been like that for as long as I can remember."

Right. That made sense.

... The Satans constructed a false sky across a whole territory?

Including the lands of devil nobles that started out over the top and went running from there, and the entire cities that they personally ruled over?

Holy crap.

...Or unholy crap, I guess, but we'd just be arguing semantics at that point.

I didn't know what I was supposed to think about that, honestly, but the reminder that there were powers in the world that could just do stuff like that was quickly shoved into a box, double-wrapped in chains and duct-tape and thrown into a deep dark pit at the bottom of my head that I'd go back and excavate whenever it became even halfway relevant again sometime in the future, because that's just how I roll with ridiculous factoids like that.

Well, ridiculous and kind of terrifying in sheer scale, but hey, who's even keeping count anymore?

I stopped a while ago.

"Shall we?"

Anton tilted his head and gestured towards the manor gates, and Sairaorg's weak smile was answer enough.

"Sure." He answered quietly. "Home sweet home."

...​

I could tell you about the time we spent walking up to the manor, and the literal rows of servants that had bowed to Sairaorg on the spot the second we walked through the gate like he was a king returning from war or something.

I could also tell you about the - and I'm just being honest here - really nice room we got to store all our stuff in, the one that looked like it'd been modeled after some of those stupidly pricey hotel rooms with the king-sized beds and the snobby decorations that you wanted to try out for one night to get the temptation out of your system and never have to pay for ever again.

I could even tell you about a whole bunch of other stuff like it too, but I won't.

None of that was important, so I'm going to skip to the only part that actually mattered.

Nobody spoke when Anton led us to the top floor of the family wing and gently pushed open a pair of glazed wooden doors that opened into a room overlooking a view of the gardens outside and a pond that sparkled in the fake sunlight.

There was even a spell-worked breeze wafting in through the open window and everything, and the smell of roses was faint enough to pick up on without being overwhelming.

This was it.

Sairaorg hesitated at the doorstep - just a reflexive stumble so quick I might've missed it if I wasn't looking for it - before he swallowed and stepped right in after Anton, with Chiron and me following in his footsteps.

This is going to sound ironic, and more than a little stupid, but at first glance, Misla Bael looked like was sleeping.

Sai's mom was laid out in her bed as we quietly filed into the room, tucked in up to the neck in a warm-looking blanket, eyes closed and face completely free of lines.

She looked...

...

Well.

I knew it was about as crappy a consolation as one could get, and I'd spar with Chiron one-on-one for a week straight before I ever said it aloud where Sairaorg could hear me, but for a woman who was trapped with the closest thing to a terminal disease her kind ever suffered from, she looked almost peaceful.

Sairaorg didn't say a word as he stepped up around the bedside and slowly lowered himself onto the chair that'd been deliberately placed next to it.

Then I noticed something weird.

Really weird.

"Teach?" I whispered, taking a step back and standing at Chiron's side - though I probably didn't need to bother. Nothing short of the Apocalypse with a capital "A" kicking off right outside the window could have made Sai look away from his mom then, and even that was a solid maybe. "She's not breathing?"

It took me a second to notice, but once I did it was glaringly obvious.

Chiron nodded.

"Devils don't need to breathe, Daniel."

"..."

"..."

"...what?"

"Pure-blood devils - and likely the rest, with some rare exceptions - do not need to breathe, drink, or eat once they reach a certain point in their growth. Unless they're injured and don't have access to certain forms of magical healing, their bodies are self-sustaining. They breathe so that they can speak, and they eat and drink for enjoyment or out of sheer consistent habit."

That's...

...Actually interesting.

Not the weirdest thing I've ever heard - Chiron ran us through the myths of what my Olympian relatives got up to back in their day, and wow did they all run far and wild - but how am I only just finding out about this now?

"So Sai-?"

"He's not quite at the age where that aspect of his inheritance is likely to start kicking in. Give it a few more years."

I nodded slowly.

So.

Sai was even more stacked than I thought he was before.

Good to know.

Note to self - figure out a way to trump that in my own time, somehow.

"Chiron?"

Then Sai spoke up, and that thought got derailed so hard you could almost hear the mental train screech its way off the tracks and straight into a brick wall as our eyes snapped back over to him on the double.

"Yes, student?"

"Do you want to... you know?"

The words seemed to stick at the back of his throat on the way out, and his voice seemed to waver a little on top of the quickly blinking eyes, but nobody mentioned it, and I just shot him a quick thumbs-up and then pretended to stare at a painting of a swan hanging on the opposite wall really hard.

On the bright side, it was a pretty good painting - it made that feeling of being socked right in that jerk of an emotional gut I had going for me a little easier to deal with.

"Of course, student."

Chiron made his way over to Misla's bedside, gently nudged Sai a little to the left with then a single hand, and slowly lowered the other until it was hovering just over her forehead.

Then he closed his eyes, and green light spilled out from beneath his splayed-out palm like water rushing off the edge of a cliff.

Sai let out a soft, startled sound as it washed over his mom, and I think we all ended up leaning in to watch in the few seconds it took to settle over her like a cloak and flare in a wave that shifted through twenty different shades of color and back before anyone remembered to blink.

Then it winked out, and Chiron pulled back as the veil dissolved into little flickering green motes like tiny little fireflies, and his eyes narrowed at something only he was seeing right that second.

"Interesting."

He didn't wait for anybody to ask what that was supposed to mean before lowering his hand again, twisted it just so, and kicked off another light show.

And another.

And another.

You get the idea.

That's how we spent the next fifteen minutes, with Chiron running his tests left, right, and center.

I'd have cracked a joke to pass the time, but my heart just wasn't in it - the thing felt like it was getting kicked around like make-shift football every time I looked at Sairaorg and saw him staring at his mom the way he was.

"You look a lot like her."

He blinked, and slowly turned to stare at me.

"What?"

I think he actually forgot anyone else was there for a second.

"Your mom." I even pointed for good measure. "You look a lot like her."

It was the truth, too.

He wasn't her clone or anything, but the hair matched, and you could tell they were related in that obvious way that didn't really need pointing out but still made for great small-talk fuel whenever silences got too loaded at all those awkward family reunions.

"Daniel."

I started.

"Yeah?"

"Come over here. Cast that healing spell of yours for me."

Oh.

Oh, this was going to be just awesome, wasn't it?

I didn't twitch nervously. I didn't swallow.

And I sure as anything didn't look Sairaorg in the eye as I went around the bed to stand at Chiron's side.

There was setting yourself up for disappointment, and then there was setting up someone else for disappointment.

And somewhere far on top of that, there was setting your best friend up for it instead.

A, B, and C didn't work out for me, so the correct answer on this multiple-choice pop quiz of upcoming misery was obviously D: None of the above, no freaking thank you.

Get a life.

"Go ahead."

"I'm doing it."

Man, I hate pop quizzes.

Especially when they were my idea to begin with. That's a new low.

I reached out my hands and very, very gently pressed them up against Misla's head, one over the other in this feather-light press, and tried not to feel like a total idiot while I was at it.

Her skin was cool to the touch - not quite cold, but not the warmth you'd expect from someone who was even close to healthy. I almost shivered before letting the spell go.

"Healing Touch of Asclepius."

Gold light bloomed, and off it went.

As far as spells go, it wasn't the niftiest I'd come up with, but it was a great 'in case of emergency, break the glass or you're going to croak' kind of thing to have up my sleeve.

Asclepius was the god of Healing, and my older brother - the son of Apollon who was taught how to patch people up by dad himself way back when and got so good at it that he actually figured out a way to bring people back from the dead, which was a big old no-no back in the day.

That kind of violation of the natural order would instantly land you on Santa's naughty list.... except in his case, Santa was Hades, and hoo boy, was he ticked off.

Long story short?

Hades went and tattled to Zeus, who solved the potentially messy problem the same way old gramps usually did everything else.

Yeah, you already know where this is going, so let's just skip to the end.

Asclepius got lightning-bolted, Apollon lost his mind even worse than Hades did, and Zeus eventually backed up a little and raised my brother from the dead as a god of healing to keep the peace.

The moral of this story?

Don't violate the natural order, kids - oh, and Asclepius was an even better healer than our dad, eventually.

So much so that his myth, connected with Apollon's, was what let me do this - creating a spell that channeled the parts of me that were geared towards healing in a way that automatically targeted the wounds and injuries, starting with the most dangerous and going down from there until it patched up even the little bumps, scrapes and paper-cuts most people didn't even notice.

Neat, right?

Except...

It wasn't working here.

I let my power pour into the spell until I started glowing like liquid gold and the air around us began to warm up, but nothing happened.

The spell took hold, the energy spilled past my hands and surged into Sai's mom just like it was supposed to, and then went nowhere at all.

There was no feedback, and no little pinging in the back of my head or warmth spreading through my gut the way it usually did when I used it on me or Sai after our spars.

Nothing.

Still, I tried.

I poured and poured and poured until it felt like there was more sunlight than the room around me, but nada.

Eventually, Chiron put a hand on my shoulder and squeezed once, firmly.

"That's enough."

Yeah, it was.

There was nothing I could do here.

Knowing that still didn't stop me from feeling like my stomach had gone hollow as I stepped back and doubled down on the 'not looking Sairaorg in the eye' thing I'd already committed not five minutes ago, if even that.

"It's not working," I told Chiron, before realizing that there wasn't really much to go on. "I mean, the spell isn't taking the way it should. I'm trying to heal her, but-"

"-There appears to be nothing to heal - it's as though she's exactly as healthy as she should be." Chiron finished for me, and I nodded. "Yes, I'd gathered as much. This sleeping disease is perplexing, isn't it?"

That's one word for it.

I had about twenty-seven thousand others bouncing around in my head right that second, and only about three of them were actually safe for polite company.

"It always has been." Anton stepped in and offered out of the blue, and we all turned back to him again as he carried on from there "The best specialists in the Underworld have learned how to spot early symptoms and how to map out the progression of the disease with some success, but no one has discovered why it infects one devil over the other or where it comes from to begin with. Not even Lord Beelzebub has uncovered an answer or a cure."

"I see. Are there any written records or studies on hand?

"We have some stored in Lady Misla's study. Shall I have them brought up to you, my lord?"

Chiron nodded.

"Please and thank you. Daniel?"

I looked up at him.

"Take a walk."

...

"What?"

"Take a walk." He repeated, and there was something a little pointed in his tone that I didn't get until his eyes flickered over to Sai "This observation is going to take some time, and you'll get more out of the day doing something productive. Both of you would."

Ah.

Translation: "Get Sairaorg out of here and find a way to lift his mood, because if it sinks any lower it'll break through rock bottom and start free-falling down to Tartarus, and neither of us wants that."

"Fine, I guess."

Further translation: "On it, and thank you. This was getting downright unbearable."

"I could probably use some air anyway." I was ready to pray my poker face was half as good as I'd been trying to get it to over the last few months as I took a step back and pointed towards the door. "Want to show me around, Sai?"

For a second, I didn't get an answer.

"Sairaorg?"

"Y-yeah." Just like before, I don't even think he heard me the first couple of times. "Just... give me a minute. I'll catch up."

And then he went right back to staring at his mom again with a look in his eye that was doing frankly terrible things for my mental health, so I decided to do the smart thing and call it quits while I was still ahead.

Sort of.

You know what I mean,

"Right. I'll take a hike."

Anton cleared his throat as I went to slip out the door.

"Perhaps I can offer you a tour, Mr. Winchester?"

I took that in for all of five seconds, and then I shrugged and just went with it.

"Sure."

Might as well, right?

...​

Sairaorg did eventually catch up.

After an hour.

I didn't blame him for it - How could I?

Instead, I tried to enjoy the tour while it lasted, and in that time, Anton showed me the art gallery, the halls - plural - of paintings and historical artwork that were probably worth more than some of the smaller states put together, the dungeons, the library, the second set of dungeons, the ball-room, the game-room, a whole bunch of room-rooms, and have I mentioned the dungeons?

Yeah, whoever designed this place seemed to have a pretty one-track mind about that last part.

A possibly a scary tracks too, but let's not stick on that for too long.

...Seriously, let's not.

It was only about fifteen minutes before Sai showed back up again that things got interesting - and this time, I mean that word in the spirit that it was said.

I followed Anton as he wrapped up our little tour, and we'd ended up looping back around the place and were just passing by the carpeted entry hall when a flash of light caught my attention.

"Hello, Anto- oh?"

I turned around right in time for the two girls to step out of the teleportation circle - and probably out of a Renaissance fair, but I didn't say that last part out loud.

Probably for the best - it would have made a terrible first impression.

The first girl was nearly as tall as I was, with neat blond hair that reached down past her shoulders, teal eyes and an elaborate blue dress that matched the tone of Sairaorg's manor but still somehow looked like it'd make you regret ever being born if you kept it on for more than a few hours at a time.

The other girl on her right was dressed almost the same, only in red, with hair just as blonde and eyes matched the shade of her dress almost to a T.

Both of the were pretty... striking.

What?

It was just an observation.

"Ah. Introductions are in order." He gestured from me to them and back again before I could get a word in edgewise."Mr. Winchester, allow me to introduce the Lady Kuisha Abaddon."

The one in the blue dress nodded very formally, and something started niggling away at the back of my head.

Like I was about to remember something important, but I couldn't quite tell you what yet.

"And her attendant, Lady Coriana Andrealphus."

She bowed, but it was shallow.

...Her name was familiar too, dang it.

"Ladies," Anton nodded at me. "Daniel Winchester, a close friend and companion of Lord Sairaorg."

I raised my hand.

"Pleasure?"

That was about as formal as I got, really.

Still, it seemed to work.

Maybe a little too well.

Kuisha Abaddon's eyes lit up like Christmas had come early for her, and she took three steps forward before Coriana's hand snapped out to catch her forearm.

She didn't seem to notice it.

"He's here?"

"Who?"

"Lord Sairaorg." She insisted, and I think she'd have leaned in to look me straight in the eye if Coriana hadn't pulled her back and Anton hadn't slid in between us with a sigh I barely heard. "Is he finally-?"

"Lord Sairaorg has returned, Lady Kuisha, but now is not a good time."

The light in her eyes dimmed.

"But that's-!"

"Perhaps another day."

"No, I need-"

"My lady, please."

Anton's voice was the firmest I'd heard it yet, and Kuisha's mouth clamped shut.

A second of tense silence passed, and I spent it trying to figure out what exactly was going on here - or at least tried to, before Kuisha suddenly shook her head and stepped back.

"I'm sorry. That was a disappointing display."

There was a tremor in her voice, like she was struggling to keep her voice steady, but not out of anger.

More... desperation?

Anton shook his head, and I think he seemed sad of all things.

"It's no trouble at all, my lady. If you'd like to wait-?"

"No." She reached over and grabbed Coriana's arm - and that one had been silent and staring at me with those red eyes almost the entire time through - and let her own hand crackle with demonic power. "We'll come back another day."

The spell-circle lit up under their feet, light twisted around them, and they were whisked away without another word.

"..."

"..."

"Anton?"

"Yes, Mr. Winchester?"

"What exactly was all that about?"

The butler sighed.

"An inopportune visit, I'm afraid. The Lady Kuisha and her attendant have been visiting twice a week, every week and without fail for nearly a year and a half now."

I blinked.

"Why?"

"Lady Kuisha seeks a position on Lord Sairaorg's peerage."

...

That's...

...

Wait.

Hang on.

"..."

"..."

"..."

Slowly, it started to dawn on me on me.

Kuisha Abaddon.

Coriana Andrealphhus.

Peerage.

Oh

Oh.

That's right - That itchy feeling vanished, and I suddenly remembered exactly who those two were supposed to be.

Oh, crap.

...​

When Sairaorg finally made good on his word and caught up with us, his reaction to Kuisha and Coriana's visit was... telling.

What exactly it was telling, I didn't know, but that seemed like the right word for it anyway.

"Them?"

I blinked, because I'd never heard Sairaorg sound quite like...

Actually, I didn't know what that was supposed to be.

Some combination of frustration, disappointment and something else all blended up in a way that was new on him, but didn't fit at all.

"Something I should know?"

"No." He ducked his head and shoved his hands into his pockets as we marched out into the garden and by the pond, a faraway look in his eyes. "Just more of the same."

"The same?"

"Devils who wanted things from mom or me because we seemed helpless." And that was real anger on his face too- not hateful, but it was as close as I'd ever seen him get, and it didn't fit him either. "Those two showed up the same year we moved here, and they kept coming back after mom... when I ended up alone over and over again just so they can squeeze something out of me. They're all the same."

"Sai... I don't think it's like that."

At least I hoped not.

He raised a brow.

"Why?"

"... Call it a hunch."

His face did something strange.

"Is this a hunch like the Golden Fleece hunch?"

He stressed the words like they meant something to him, and to be fair, they probably meant everything at this point.

Neither of us pointed it out.

"Something like it, yeah."

If I had to level with myself and lay it all out on the table, I'd admit that I honestly couldn't remember much about them.

Sairaorg was memorable - his story was something that had branded itself into my memories, but the rest of the people around him?

Meh.

Still, something about the way that Kuisha Abaddon had sounded kept coming back to me.

That edge of raw need, and not the smarmy, entitled kind either I would have expected from a noble.

I might've been imagining it, but...

"Hearing them out couldn't hurt, could it?"

He grimaced.

"Maybe."

That was about as good as I was getting now and we both knew it, so I let it go.

We rounded the pond and took a left through the hedge mazes before we broke the silence again.

"Did Chiron say anything else?"

Sai shook his head.

"No."

The word was heavier than it should be, but I got it.

Damn did I get it.

Figuring out a cure for the sleeping disease when most people who dealt with it didn't even know what it was or where it came from was never going to be an easy thing, even with Chiron.

It smarted like nothing else in the world, but right now all we had to was have faith that he would work something out, or he'd decide we we ready for plan B.

Either or, and nothing in between.

Until then, though...

Wait.

Something clicked into place for me.

I looked at Sairaorg.

"Let's go."

He blinked.

"What?"

"Remember that little quest my aunt gave me?" I started grinning as the vague ghost of a plan formed in my mind's eye. "Let's talk to Chiron, have Anton teleport us back up to the house, and figure it out from there."

He stared incredulously.

"You want to do this now?"

"Why, have you got something better to do?"

That shut him up, exactly the way it was supposed to.

Chiron was busy with more important work, our classes were off for the day, and sparring with each other wasn't going to be nearly as productive - or maybe even fun - as ticking off Artemis's request on my checklist.

Finding a monster that was scaring all the angry murder-boars out of murder-boar land sounded like a walk in the park after Smaug.

"We might even get that reward she promised for you today if we get it done right."

He perked up and almost matched my grin for the first time since this day hit the road, and I knew I had him.

"I forgot about that!"

"Then let's do this!"

He was onboard, but he still hesitated one last time.

"You're sure?"

I shrugged.

"It's that, or we can sit around waiting for Chiron to wrap up and talk about our feelings or something."

"LET'S DO THIS!"

"YEAH!"

See?

This was a great plan!

After all, between the two of us we were trained, armed, and had more than enough time, energy, and complicated baggage to burn off through the weekend doing something that was actually important.

What's the worst that could happen?

...​

The forces of Chaos when Dan forgets he's a protagonist and finally tempts fate:



View: https://imgur.com/okBtZbb​


Dan and Sai when it's time to discuss feelings maturely and responsibly:






View: https://imgur.com/SLI2ahh




...​


As always, leave your comments and ideas and if you don't like it, please be courteous.
Last edited: Apr 30, 2025
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Darkplayer35, Ender Wiggen and 1,056 others
Firewillreign
Apr 30, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Our Mini-Quest Begins, And Oh Dear God WHY!?
View content
Firewillreign
Firewillreign
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 26, 2023
Messages888
Likes received82,880
May 15, 2025
Add bookmark
#1,026
Sairaorg and I both thought that getting Chiron to let us go on the quest was going to be a drag and a half.

It was out of the blue, after all, and the high-stakes detour we pretty much willingly cartwheeled into at the Lonely Mountain with Smaug hadn't been that long ago at all.

We both had an argument ready and everything - not a good one, honestly, because it basically just boiled down to 'we're emotionally whacked and antsy and still feeling stuff we don't want to feel anymore, so why the heck not?, but needs must and you work with what you've got.

Only it turned out that we didn't actually need it at all.

"You can go."

I blinked, and Sai beat me to the punch by half a second.

"Wait, really?"

"I just said so, didn't I?"

Chiron didn't even look up from the ledger Anton had brought up to him, leafing through the records with the kind of intense patience and focus of a guy who could read through it once, memorize it, and then recite it back to you in pig-latin with a straight face.

"You have the training, the skills, and the relatively good sense to go on a simple quest without too much worry on my part - when you choose to exercise it." His eyes flickered up to us for a long, judgmental second before he went back to flicking through the pages. "Consider it a chance to test yourselves and gain some more experience of the less draconically reckless variety."

We winced.

Ouch - but fair

"In case of emergencies, should whatever situation you end up in spiral out of hand, you have two methods of teleportation to jump out of the path of danger. So long as you remember not to get too confident and never to lower your guard, you can have the day to take a crack at your quest."

Sweet.

"Do you have any idea where to begin?"

Less sweet.

"Yes?"

He glanced up again and raised a brow.

"Okay, not really." I rubbed the back of my neck sheepishly at his unimpressed look. "I figured we'd just go back to Mount Pelion and see if we can find any clues, or something else to point us in the right direction."

Not the absolute brainiest thing you've ever heard, I know, but give me a break here - it's the best I could come up with off the top of my head, and it's not like Aunt Artemis had given me a lot to work with here.

... Possibly because I didn't ask, now that I think about it, but back then I was busy just keeping up with the conversation and trying not to say anything that might tick her off.

Still, I was ready to roll with the cards I did have, but now that Chiron was here and looking at me funny...

"Can you give us a tip?"

He sighed and gave us another look that would have come off as paper-flat if his lips didn't curve up at the ends a second later.

Guess we're wearing him down after all.

"I suppose it wouldn't be fair otherwise, given the circumstances." He said, and then wagged his finger warningly when Sai and I both perked up. "Just this once, though. Next time I expect you both to research and look for your own answers - you'll rarely have help you don't earn when and where it matters in this world or any other."

We both nodded eagerly.

"You bet."

"Erymanthian boars range in a series of groups - sounders - between Mount Erymanthus, hence the name, and Mount Mainalo." Chiron began to explain even as he turned the next page over and kept an eye on his reading. "I'd start with Eyrmanthus. The land around and across it is sparsely populated, and there are wards and the like to keep mortals from noticing the magical beings that flit in and out of the area should they stray too close, but do put in the effort to avoid any stragglers you might come across anyway. As they say, an ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure."

"Mount Eyrmanthus, and leave the poor squishy mortals alone." I flashed him a thumbs-up. "Got it."

That was just basic common sense, really.

Even if unrelated civilians didn't get hurt by the supernatural, revealing it - indirectly or on purpose - could still get messy for everybody involved.

Sure, one or two people finding out wasn't a big deal - who'd ever take them seriously, right? - but if word spread around enough all at once things were going to get hairy, and sooner or later folks higher up the food chain were going to get nettled.

Yeah, no thanks.

It was just all around smarter not to poke that potential hornet's nest unless you absolutely had to.

"Anton can take us," Sai offered, and I could tell he was getting about as excited for this as I was - it was a nice change from all the gloom of before. "I can grab a summoning flyer for when we need him to come pick us up again, or Dan can probably get us back to Athens if we really need to-?"

He glanced at me to make sure, and I just shrugged.

"Probably."

I've never used light travel to go anywhere that far before, but so long as he wasn't asking me to pop us back down to the Underworld and back, then odds were we'd be pretty much fine.

My powers were neat like that, even if there were still some kinks I needed to work out.

Teleporting somewhere I'd never been before was still just a sketch on the drawing board, which is why we needed Anton to help us out, and while I technically could - in theory - magic circles had me beat at the precision game I'd need to pull something like this off right this second.

For now.

Let me get back to you on that one later - I'm working some stuff out.

"Good. I'll remain here to finish reading up on a few more records and this-" He raised his book a little. "-And running a few more tests. We'll meet up back here, and curfew still applies, so I'm expecting you to stay on schedule."

Figures.

"So that's it? We can head out?"

"Be careful," Chiron cautioned one last time, and he sounded dead-serious about it too. "And don't hesitate to retreat should things get out of hand."

The way he said that...

"Do you think they might?"

This time, it was Chiron who shrugged.

"I don't know what you'll encounter out there - I simply hope for the best, and plan for the worst, as I've taught you before. A quest from a goddess - even a relatively simple errand as this one seems to be - can easily spell trouble and spiral into danger if any number of circumstances come to pass. Be careful and stay light on your feet, and hopefully we won't have to find out for sure."

...

Sairaorg and I slowly glanced at each other and back.

"...Right"

Because that's what you want to hear before heading off on a quest.

Chiron let that bit of sugary goodness fester for a long second before he smiled our way again

"Though given your track record so far, I can't say I have much hope to begin with."

Oh, for the love of-!

He laughed at our indignant looks, and the mood lightened again, so I guess that was that at least.

"Good luck."

Anton showed back up again ten minutes later with a sheaf of emergency summoning flyers, Sai and I grabbed our bags and waited for him to whisk us away and back up to the mortal world where we needed to go, and then it was officially time to kick off.

...​

It was nearly noon when the second spell-circle spat us out into the middle of the Erymanthian mountain range, and at the first look, it didn't disappoint.

The mid-summer sun was wafting high in the sky above the mountain peaks all surrounding us, its light so bright behind them that they almost glinted white-gold under the shine, and the rest of the place spread out underneath and around them like a tide, all sun-baked rock ridges and groves of cypress and olive and birch trees, shot through with patches made up of all sorts of other greenery - so many plants and weeds and who knows what that I'd need an encyclopedia and the patience to read through it item-by-item just to name them all.

The air was bone dry too, and hot enough that it made everything shimmer like a mirage in the middle of a desert - not that weather like that was any big deal for either of us, but you probably wouldn't want to be out here this time of year without sun cream and a whole lot of moisturizer just in case, even with the occasional breeze that smelled like tree-bark and thyme and a few other things that I coudn't quite place.

"Here we are." Anton adjusted his lapels before taking another look around and turning back to us. "If there's anything else you need, my lord?"

Sairarog shook his head.

"No thanks, Anton. We're all set."

"Then I await your summons, my lord, and I wish you the best of luck in your... endeavour."

Yeah, he did trail off there for a second.

He didn't know much about what we were up to besides the basics - and he sure didn't know anything about me and my family tree - but I think that just coming out and asking would have broken the whole fancy butler code thing he had going for him, so he settled for bowing his head our way a final time before stepping back into the spell circle without another word.

Sai and I took a second to watch him flicker and fade away.

"He seems like a cool guy."

"He is." Sai agreed, before rolling his neck and clapping his hands together. "Okay, let's do this. Where do we start?"

"Honestly? No idea." Then I grinned. "My lord."

Sairaorg scowled and swung for the back of my head on the spot, but I just ducked and laughed.

Man, that was never going to get old.

"Alright, timeout." I raised my hands and bit the inside of my cheek to stop from calling him that again - and I think Sai could tell too, because he gave me an 'I dare you' look, eyes narrowed and fists ready and everything. "I'm serious - It's game face time. Courage?"

"Arf!"

My dog came careening out of the shadows at our feet like he'd smelled a bag of treats, and it didn't surprise me one bit. I could tell that he'd started getting all fidgety a while ago.

What did surprise me was what came next.

See, I'd had this whole idea up in my head - Courage already had the scent of the boar I'd ganked a couple of days ago from the more than slightly chargrilled leftovers Artemis had sent back to Chiron's house, so he might've been able to sniff out where some of its other buddies were and lead us to them.

Or close to them, I guess.

The fact that taking out Porky the first had been a total walk in the park didn't mean I wanted to spend the day going up against his friends and family and distant cousins however many times removed, but I figured that Courage would points us in the right direction and we'd go from there.

Only that didn't happen.

Instead, the breeze shifted just as Courage materialised and took a sniff at the air, and he went still.

Dead still.

"Buddy?"

No response - If he was crouched any lower to the ground, I swear you'd have had trouble telling him apart from the shadows he'd just leapt out of.

I think he even stopped breathing.

"Courage?" I leaned down to run a hand through his fur, but nada - no response "Something up?"

Instead of a straight answer, he very slowly padded forward, staring off and sniffling at a point far, far to our left - out past and over one of the more distant mountain ridges.

Then he growled.

Not a regular 'I'm hungry and cranky' or 'I want to go for a run' sort of thing - no, this was a straight-up growl, sharp and deep and drawn out like he meant business.

It was also tinged with just the right amount of gut-sinking fear, the kind that made the hair at the back of your neck rise and had your fight-or-flight instincts revving up the engine and raring to go, and we all knew what it meant.

Danger.

Sai and I stiffened a little and slowly exchanged another careful look.

It could be another boar or something along those lines, or it could be something worse, and considering our luck with things like this...

"Bet you twenty I know where we're headed next."

He snorted

"Sucker's bet."

"So just your speed, then?"

"Dan, I will punch you."

"When has that ever stopped me?"

"Arf!"

Courage's impatient barking cut off whatever it was that Sai was planning on firing back, and we both grimaced.

"I know, buddy. Let's go figure out what kind of mess this is going to shape up to be."

Though really, we didn't have to guess.

If even my happy-go-lucky goofball of a dog was acting up like this, you can bet your bottom dollar it wasn't going to be anything good.

We waited for him to melt back into my shadow, and then we both kicked off into the air and headed for whatever it was that was waiting over the ridge.

Not at full throttle, though - we took the scenic route over the trees and mountain paths, and I could feel Sai subtly flaring up his Touki even as I summoned up my spear and let it settle into my grip mid-flight.

Might be a blue-moon's chance that I didn't need it, but wasting a split-second to call it up when that bit of optimism went to crap was a big no-no that Chiron had drilled into my head thoroughly - and a little literally.

The day of the ballistic hooves had been downright traumatising for everyone involved, and that's all I'm going to say about it - some things just had to be whacked upside the head with a shovel and buried in the backyard.

Good riddance.

Then we passed the ridge, and my eyes widened - the valley stretched out far underneath us, shaped like a shallow cereal-bowl with sloping sides and an unevenly flat grass field at its center.

There were wildflowers blanketing bits of it like little smidges of colour, and a small stream running across it, but none of those were as as big a deal as the wave of bones either scattered around all over the place or piled up into small hills rising out of the dirt like the something out of an edgy horror movie - only it wasn't a movie.

"Dear Dad."

Most of them had to have been from the Erythmanian boars and wild animals around the place - I could see the tusks and overgrown sun-bleached fragments everywhere - but a few of the others were...

I grimaced harder.

Alright, fine - they were pretty blatantly human.

Not a lot of them - barely any, actually - but there were still scraps of clothing and everything, and some of them were... fresher in the grossest way possible, and just lying there like somebody's forgotten leftovers.

And with that cherry thought, I was officially skipping out on lunch today.

Great.

"This is...messy," Sai muttered under his breath as we descended into the valley, gingerly avoiding any of the remains. "What do you think-?"

"-Did this?" I finished for him, before shrugging and eyeing one of the more... mangled bones. It was broken into three pieces, and some of the marks on it were... ugly. "But I'm guessing it had teeth."

And it clearly wasn't afraid to use them.

Yikes.

He rolled his eyes at me.

"Thank you. You've narrowed it down to nearly everything everywhere ever. Real help- Dan."

It happened instantly.

Sairaorg didn't even have to say it - he might be the senjutsu wiz between the two of us, but you don't train with Chiron for all the time we had without picking up a few tricks, and I sensed it the exact second that he did.

The air shifted and grew colder. The atmosphere changed. At my feet, Courage's shadow jerked like someone had hooked him up to a car battery and given him the starter shock of his life - if he'd been out here with the two us when it happened, he'd have probably jumped six feet up into the air in a straight line without even crouching at the knees.

Not that I would have blamed him if he had - something that hadn't been there just a second ago appeared.

A presence that felt like... actually, I didn't know what that was supposed to be.

Instead of a straight answer, I got the impression of sheer power, razor-sharp edges, and something else that had my gut tying itself into constrictor knots just before it started coming - no bounding - closer.

Remember those teeth I talked about before?

Whatever they were attached to was coming out to play, and fast.

"Incoming!"

On second thought, forget fast - the creature headed our way was blitzing through the mountainside beyond the valley, and I'd barely lit up the end of my spear and felt Sai's Touki surge aggressively before I heard it.

A growl that sounded like a chainsaw crossed with a rocket engine and wired up to eleven beat it to the punch by another split-second before a streak of gold appeared over the ridge, and-

...

"Well."

Oh.

"What have we here?"

Oh.

The trippy thing was that, for a supernatural killing machine, the enormous golden lion glaring down at us with lazy murder in its molten yellow eyes looked kind of amazing, in that deadly 'I'm going to tear your throat out and eat your insides in alphabetical order for funsies' kind of way.

Apex predator didn't do it justice - And I'm not talking about the deep, rumbling voice, though the fact that the thing speaking wasn't even worth a blink should say a lot about where my life was at these days.

It was nearly twice as large as any other big cat I'd ever seen- and trust me, we had National Geographic on cable back home for years - and its fur shone and rippled like real liquid gold with every little twitch. It was broad and muscled under it too, with a wild mane that spread out over its head and across its shoulders like the most overstated crown in existence, and jaws that looked strong enough to crush diamonds to dust like peanuts.

When it -or he, now that I think about it - moved, he did it slowly, a careful little prowl back and forth on the stretch of rock he was looming over us from, claws scrapping and scoring rents against stone so easily you'd think the stuff was made of wet clay.

Somehow, even though I could effortlessly do a thousand times the damage in my sleep and with one hand tied behind my back at this point, the display was at least a little intimidating.

Though to be fair, that might have something to do with the fact that the Zeus-damned Nemean Lion was staring right at me.

Yeah, I knew what it was.

And clearly, that went both ways.

"A demigod." Credit where credit was due - that being with me - I didn't so much as flinch when he spoke up again, voice rolling with interest. "You're not the prey I was expecting. And a devil?"

His eyes narrowed as they flickered to Sairaorg.

"And not just any devil either." The lion's nostrils flared as he sniffed at the air, before cracking open his jaws and baring his teeth in a way that was frankly horrible for the average person's poker face - and blood pressure too, probably. "Vapula."

Misla Bael's family name.

The way he lingered on it...

Sai started a little and shifted to stare at me out the corner of his eye, and I did my best to subtly shake my head - not successfuly, because I was so stiff and keyed up for any sudden movements I might as well have been made of solid concrete, but he got the message anyway.

No clue. All you, dude.

Well, not exactly nothing.

I had something, in that I was, like, ninety percent sure I knew who this lion was.

Nemean Lions were a whole species in this world - not super numerous, and all fiercely strong, but there was only one that stood out as a monster above all the rest.

He was also the only one that might have been or became connected to Sai - eventually, once upon a time, whatever.

Kuisha and Coriana had taken me a hot second to place, but this guy?

Nah, I recognised him.

Before I could think of what to do with that, though, Sai beat me to it.

"I'm part Vapula, but it's not my name." He smiled politely at the mythical creature that was actively radiating the kind of vibe and energy you'd expect from a serial killer picking out his next victim. "I'm Sairaorg Bael. I guess you've met one of my relatives?"

"..."

"..."

Well, that's one way to start things off.

The lion shifted, slowly tilting his head to the side. I don't think that's the response he was expecting either.

"You could say that." He finally drawled, eyes blinking languidly. "I once came across a devil who shared a scent with you and went by that name."

"Oh?"

"Yes, some three thousand years ago now. He talked far too much and boasted about his bloodline even more, and then he tried to use his magic to tame me like a common pet. Something about how a beast such as I should be honored to serve under a noble like him." The lion's chuckle was about as comforting as the sound of nails scratching against a chalkboard. "I laughed about it for days after I tore his head off and left his mangled corpse for the crows. And just between us?"

His fangs gleamed as he bared them again.

"I never understood what all the fuss was about - his blood tasted like sludge."

"...Ah."

Sai's smile twitched like he'd stubbed his pinkie against a doorframe and was desperately trying not to let it show, or break out swearing. If you could translate the look in his eyes into words, it'd probably be something along the lines of: 'What the actual hell was wrong with my ancestors?'

The answer to that question with devils is usually just yes in all capitals, but considering what my Olympian folks got up to back in their day, I had zero room to talk.

"And what about you?"

Except apparently, it was my turn to stand on the spot, because he rounded on me in the next breath.

"I'm with him." I pointed a thumb towards Sairaorg and did my best to mimic his smile. "Daniel Winchester, demigod. But you already knew that."

"I did." The lion agreed.

"Cool. And just so we're clear here, you're the Nemean Lion." I cleared my throat. "And I mean The Nemean Lion, from the myths - Heracles, Golden Pelt and everything."

The second the last word left my lips, a part of me face-palmed under the realization that bringing up the story of how he was beaten and had what was left of him turned into the world's most practical fashion accessory might not go over well, but he just laughed again.

"It's good to be recognised, at least. The name's Regulus."

And that's confirmation.

Called it.

"And yes, those were my good old glory days." He went back to prowling slowly, slowly circling the rim of the valley, though you'd have to be an idiot to be fooled by the easy-going attitude - he was just as stupidly dangerous at 'rest' as he was when he was raring and ready to go. "Before the thunderer's muscle-headed by-blow and that meddling Abrahamic God-"

Sairaorg winced sharply.

"-eventually put an end to them."

"...Right."

Didn't know what to say to that, actually.

"You're looking pretty well off despite them."

"I am now." He chuckled again. "I wasn't always, though there's nothing to be done about that. Spending a few millennia as a tool being passed from mortal to mortal like an elaborate game of hot potato was more than long enough to gain a little perspective."

"The Sacred Gear." I heard Sairaorg mutter in realisation, and I nodded lightly. "Regulus Nemea."

The name was a bit of a giveaway.

We hadn't looked into them much because there were only so many hours in the day and all that, but Chiron had given us the cliff notes version on the Thirteen Longinus-class cheat codes that God - the one with the biggest Capital 'G' of them all, for some reason - had sprinkled in with the rest when he'd started handing the things out like candy and having ordinary people pulling on them like cosmic-tier raffle cards.

"That's the one."

Regulus hummed, sounding pleased - like a cat who'd been batting away at a ball of yarn and only just realised it could talk back if you poked it the right way.

"But that's-"

"Impossible? I was just surprised when I manifested like this. I thought for sure that the old bastard or some of his stuck-up pigeons up in the clouds would have stepped in by now to try and wrangle me back into my glorified cage, but I suppose there's no point looking a gift horse in the mouth." He yawned lazily without breaking his stride. "I'd rather eat the thing myself, but that's just me."

"You mean boars, right?" I glanced at the towering piles of bone and back to him again. "Not seeing any horses around these parts."

I didn't say anything about the human remains yet.

"Oh, those? They were just fast food. Freedom agrees with me, and I love a good hunt. Makes passing the time while I wait a lot less boring, too."

I blinked.

"Wait? For what?"

Regulus paused, and something in the air shifted in a way that had Sai's Touki presence flaring a shade higher and Serpent's Downfall warming up in my grip.

"Unfinished business."

The amusement in his voice vanished, and the red flags there started whipping back and forth again like someone had planted them out in the middle of a hurricane.

"What kind of unfinished business?" Sai asked, and I think he clocked onto the same thing I did.

Regulus had said that he'd been waiting for other prey, hadn't he?

Those eyes narrowed some more, and his head rose a little higher, his presence sharper.

"My own."

Because that answered all our questions handily, didn't it?

"Well, I hate to break it to you, but your business is making a mess of this place." I glanced at the bones again. "Some people aren't happy with that."

"Is that right?"

Regulus perked up some more, and the amusement in his voice came flying right back, but the edge didn't drop this time.

"Sure. You're eating a lot of the prime barbecue candidates and scaring off all the rest, and they're making a fuss all over the place." I shrugged and grinned when he tilted his head and stared at me funny. "Unsustainable hunting practice, dude. My aunt Artemis is miffed about it - it's kind of her thing."

"Your aunt- ah." He actually laughed, loud and booming, "The goddess of the hunt sent you two my way?"

"..."

"..."

"...Well, not your way specifically."

At least I hope not, because otherwise I was going to be freaking peeved.

A little warning would have been nice.

"But we are here to-" I almost hesitated again, but my gut told me that backing down here would be the wrong move "Stop you from screwing things up here even worse."

"Oh, are you?"

Forget amused - Regulus suddenly sounded delighted.

In other news, the way he was baring his teeth at us now was seriously making me reconsider my recent life choices.

"If we have to." Sai added, and you had to hand it to him, because it somehow came off as both a compromise and a promise, verging on a threat.

"And do you think you have what it takes to do... anything to me?" Regulus snorted like it was the most ridiculous thing he'd ever heard, and even though I could see where he was coming from, a part of me... prickled. It was a new feeling.

"Better yet, does Artemis? I think I'm offended."

"Offended?"

"At least when the berserker who managed to put me down came my way, I could tell I was actually being taken seriously, but this is what a goddess sends to deal with me? A shrimp of a devil-" He huffed at Sairaorg before flickering back to me. "And a demigod barely worth the name?"

I... reared back, just a little.

But not out of fear.

"What's that supposed to mean?"

"Exactly what I said. Of all the demigods I've met before, you are... unimpressive."

...

I opened my mouth, before closing it again - then my teeth gritted hard enough to make my jaw cry uncle. Besides me, Sai's frown broke down into a scowl, and his fists clenched.

"...Unimpressive?"

"You're not even half-grown and clearly greener than grass in the middle of spring," Regulus grunted flatly. "What, did they pluck the first couple of baby-faced brats off the street and saddle you with a mock-quest? Promise your riches and rewards? Or awards for participation when you bungle it up and run home to nurse your boo-boos?"

My eye twitched. Sairaorg coughed a sound that was pure indignant outrage.

"Honestly, you're not even worth eating. There's low-hanging fruit, and then there's whatever fresh new joke you two are supposed to be."

...He was baiting us.

Obviously.

I wasn't a toddler, and Sairaorg wasn't an idiot - anyone in the same boat could see the truth from a mile away.

Why is he baiting us?

... And was it working, just a bit?

Why was it working?

"Was there really no one else?

Oh, that's why.

"They didn't need anyone else." For the first time yet, Sairaorg was the one to blurt it out before I could have, and I nodded my agreement. "We're stronger than we look."

And see - that right there?

That's exactly what Regulus was waiting for.

The air changed again - this time for keeps - as his teeth flared and his presence rumbled.

"Now that there sounds interesting!"

Ah, crapbaskets.

He growled, and it reverberated like the aftermath of a thunderstrike. His paws pressed against the stone as he crouched down, and that little movement sent a very literal tremor through the valley that had the stream rippling and the bones rattling into the dirt.

Even his pelt and mane brightened, shifting up to a purer shade of gold and wafting with reflected light.

"You want to deal with me? To finish your little quest? Well, good news!" His front paws struck against the ground like a bull gearing up for a charge, even as Sai's Touki shroud lit up and my own golden aura kicked off with a blinding flashbang. "The wait here is a pain. I'm bored and itching for a workout, so if you survive a few rounds, we can talk. Convince me of your strength! Show me-!"

Serpent's Downfall cut him off as I lobbed right for his head. It streaked up across the space between us, erupting into a lance of pure crimson-gold fire that seared the air... before promptly bouncing off of him with a metallic ping as he tilted his head half an inch and let it go whistling off to the side.

We all just... stared after it for a second. The bloodlust in the air took an awkward, awkward pause.

Then Regulus turned back to me.

"Really?" He asked flatly, and I shrugged a little sheepishly.

Hell, I think Sairaorg even bit back a nervous laugh.

I knew he was basically invulnerable. I didn't forget - but it was worth a shot anyway.

Besides...

"Talking isn't a free action."

He took that in with a blink.

"You know what? Fair enough."

Then he exploded off the valley's rim in one meteoric leap, shattering the ledge behind him like glass as he became a blur of gold light and fangs, tearing through the air with a deafening crack and aimed right for my throat.

I didn't even try to dodge.

Reach of Sunlight.

I overpowered the teleportation spell to hell and back, and Sairaorg and I disappeared and reappeared nearly half a mile above the valley in a single beat.

"Son of an ugly-!"

I didn't finish it - probably because my heart was clogging up my throat on its way to vacate the premises, and screaming bloody murder all the way.

On the bright side, no jump-scare in any horror movie will ever hit as hard as it could have ever again.

Now to figure out how to live long enough to enjoy that...

"Plan?" Sairaorg hovered in close, looking just as frazzled and trying to control his breathing. His brow was beaded with sweat, and it was only halfway due to the natural energy he was trying to suck in like a sponge. "Because - Wait, what's he doing?"

He sounded panicked, and my eyes flickered down with him.

Regulus stared back up, eyes gleaming.

Then he opened his mouth and roared.

It was... freaking awful, in a cataclysmic kind of way.

The sound hit the air and expanded, almost, becoming a wave of power and savage force that hurtled up to bat at us like a freight train with a grudge to cash in. Beneath it, the valley trembled again and the trees growing on either side of it went flying off like toothpicks, torn clean out of the ground.

That was the strength we were talking about here - but it wasn't the part that hurt.

It was the sound - it hit before the shockwave did, and it was like some higher power had grabbed onto our inner ears and scrambled them like eggs.

The nausea that bubbled up in my gut was instant and overwhelming, and the crushing vertigo a complete monster.

For a long minute, the world went blurry.

My ears rang, and I fought the urge to dry heave like my life depended on it.

I didn't even notice that we were falling until I registered the feeling of the wind rushing past my face and snapped back into icy focus, complete with a burst of rushing adrenaline and everything.

"Sai-!"

Too late - it took him a split-second too long to catch himself on his wings, and I could see the gold blur out of the corner of my, rushing right for him.

"Damn it!"

I didn't think - one leg snapped out and kicked him away, and he went careening off to the side, and my other hand rose right as Regulus changed tack and bore down on me like I owed him money.

"You should be more worried about yourself, brat!"

"Shut it!"

The world went gold and around the edges as I fired off a beam of raging sunlight his way, the kind that could cleave through half a forest and just about vaporise most anything I aimed it at with extreme prejudice.

Against Regulus, it barely slowed his stride.

The explosive light hit him at an angle and split nearly every which way like a tide breaking against the shoreline. The heat didn't bother him, and the force might as well have been a joke - but the sharp glow of it did make him blink in such a way that had his paw-swing missing in a wide arc.

The second one didn't, and I hissed sharply as pain lanced across my chest - the very tips of his claws had raked through my shirt, and it felt like a whole line of bleeding cuts had opened up and promptly got dipped into a bowl of lemon juice.

The sting made me furious. Regulus's pleased snort just made it worse.

Also-

"I liked that damn shirt!"

I blasted him again, for all the good it did.

"Bah!" He shook his mane wildly before pouncing again, and I scrambled back in a low flight as he took after me. "Really? That's the best-?"

That was when Sairaorg came flying in with his own roar and - I kid you not - shoulder-checked the Nemean Lion mid-leap with an impact that felt like it could rattle a city block.

Not that it knocked him out of commission or anything - he just snarled, rolled in mid-air after breaking off the extra momentum and landed on the pads of his feet, easy as breathing.

Still, it was the thought that counted.

"Unbreakable doesn't mean immovable." Sairoarg cocked his fists and raised them high. "You might not get hurt easily, but you can still be knocked around like everybody else!"

Hah.

"What he said."

Actually, now that I think about it...

Regulus growled.

"Let's test that, shall-?"

Serpent's Downfall came whistling back into my raised hand in a flash, and then I pivoted on the spot and hurled it right back at his head, aiming for one of his eyes.

He snarled and batted away with a swing that smacked us with another wave of pure air pressure before I could recall it again.

"Would you stop doing that!?"

"No! You stop trying to eat us! Use your words, you overgrown house cat!"

Then I swung both my hands at him and clapped them together in his direction.

Bang.

Light and sound burst out like a wave, layered over one another in a cascading wave that blinded him again and actually lifted him off his feet by way of sheer force.

Apollon's domain of sound and light overlayed could get wild, and I grinned outright at the way Regulus had the ground blown out from under him even as I backed up for another go.

"Sai, ears!"

We'd sparred enough with this trick that he knew what was coming and instantly leaped away, hands over his ears as I opened my mouth and prepared to commit a crime against nature.

If Regulus thought he was the only one who could mess around with sound, then he had another thing coming.

Or he would have, at least, if things had panned out my way - only they didn't.

Story of my life, I know, but this was a big deal.

Long story short?

I took a deep breath, and let my power surge. An ingot of pressure formed around my vocal cords, which sounds painful, but it's not - only alien to anyone who couldn't pull off the things I had in the bag.

Regulus wasted no time charging me, sensing the shift and seeing the attack coming from a mile away, but I blinked and disappeared right before he could tear off my face, and then we started playing the world's most high-stakes game of whack-a-mole with with him leaping for my throat after every other blinking teleport as I let the power well up, with guest appearances from Sairaorg by way of his earth-shaking fists.

Fifteen seconds, give or take a few - that's all it took.

Right as I prepared to let rip and tear him a new one - or so I hoped - a wave of magic abruptly washed over the valley.

And it wasn't mine.

Regulus paused.

Sairaorg froze in mid-air, brows furrowed in confusion.

Even I stopped, and then I let out a curse that would have had me eating every bar of soap in the house if we were back home as the power I'd been building up petered out with nowhere to go like air from a deflating balloon.

The silver lining was that Regulus didn't take the chance to go at me again.

"Finally."

Instead, he was suddenly a hundred and ten percent laser-focused on the spell circle shimmering into existence across the valley, and it didn't take Sai and I more than one look at the figure starting to step out of them to put the pieces together.

"Your prey, I'm guessing?"

He didn't answer, and I took the chance to back away slowly and I was nearly shoulder to shoulder with Sairaorg.

Something about the eerie, truly predatory and absolute silence he was locked into now came off as more dangerous than anything else he'd pulled so far.

Eventually, the silence broke when the last of the newcomers dismissed the circle.

At first glance, they reminded me of some of the parents back in Maple - the ones who really put their backs into their Halloween costumes and ended up looking goofy as sin.

That, or members of a cult.

Black robes made of heavy fabric stitched with runes, hoods, and even a choreographed walk - the whole shebang.

"What is this?" Sai whispered to me, and I shook my head and quickly recalled my spear.

"We're about to find out."

There were nine of them all in all, two rows of four marching up behind one leader - the most stereotypical RPG-looking wizard I've ever seen, complete with the beard and a look in his eyes I met for one second and already didn't like.

He glared from Sai to me and back again, before his eyes fell on Regulus and lit up with glee that came off as borderline deranged.

"Finally!"

"You."

Regulus's voice was... low.

Conversational too, in a way that had me readying another teleportation sequence on reflex.

"I know you."

The guy I was already starting to suspect belonged in a padded room with all the straitjackets puffed up on the spot like a peacock.

"I am Magnus Francis Bastian, of the Wizards of Oz." He declared proudly, like the name was supposed to mean anything at all. "And I have come-"

"Your scent... you were there." Regulus interrupted, still sounding very, very calm in a way that had phantom warning signals dancing up and down my nerves. From the way he shifted next to me, Sairaorg felt the threat of it too. "With those others."

He tilted his head, towards some of the scattered bones we'd kicked up in our fight - if you could call it that.

The human bones.

"The ones who killed the brat." His eyes narrowed "My brat."

...

My eyes slowly widened.

Unfinished business.

"Oh-

"-crap." Sairaorg finished for me, looking just as stunned.

Magnus, on the other hand, looked like he'd smelled something nasty. His face had twisted in annoyance when Regulus cut him off, and now it settled into something close to frustrated disgust.

"Your previous host." He stressed the word with an irritated wave of his hand. "Was given offer after offer to join something magnificent - a cause greater than himself. A chance to rise above his mediocre lifestyle. He refused."

"So you took matters into your own hands." Regulus hummed along, prodding him almost lazily. "Had your lackeys pounce on him when he wasn't expecting it. Used your magic to keep him paralysed and in enough pain that he couldn't call on me before you literally tore him apart trying to pull my Sacred Gear from his soul."

"I required the power of a Longinus." Magnus sniffed. "Such a prize demands to be used, and not left to be wasted by the inferior."

...

Huh, would you look at that?

He really was a wizard - not a shovel in sight and he was somehow still digging himself a grave faster than should be humanly possible.

Regulus shifted, just an inch or so.

"Ah. I see. I suppose it was your meddling that made that damned thing fritz and allowed me to manifest after his death."

Magnus perked up, which was all the proof I needed to confirm that he was absolutely the gold-standard for suicidal morons everwhere, because he looked proud and utterly oblivious to the blaring neon warning flares going off right in his face.

"Indeed!"

For the love of dad, even his buddies seemed to have figured out that their future life expectancy was actively hightailing it like water out of a wide-open faucet, because they started slowly backing away, inch by little inch.

Though to be fair, one of them did try to speak up.

"Lord Magnus-"

"Silence!" The demented old man hissed, before turning back to Regulus. "Your freedom came from the fruits of my efforts, beast. A debt is owed."

"That right?"

"Yes."

"Funny. You weren't there to collect on it when I awoke."

He flushed angrily.

"I had... other affairs to handle."

"Sure you did," Sai muttered, and Regulus glanced at him.

"You be quiet."

He raised his hands up in surrender.

"Done."

I shook my head as well.

"Not our circus."

Magnus also followed Regulus's gaze to us - I think he only just remembered that we were here, because he sneered all over again.

"And these... infants." He sniffed in derision. "My failed apprentices, too - all meaningless rabble, just like your previous host!"

Another twitch from Regulus.

"All of them are irrelevant now." He spread his arms out wide. "Join me, and we will both have power great and terrible. Join me, and-!"

There was no warning.

Or, well, there was plenty of it if you weren't an idiot, but the speed in which everything went right to the slaughterhouse was almost funny, in hindsight.

That, or traumatising.

One second, Regulus was listening along without a care in the world.

The next, the air was cracking open again, he was a blur racing across the valley, and Magnus was choking mid-word and whipping out a viridian green fractal array to act as a shield which such speed that, despite the fact that he was a nutter with enough loose screws to open a Home Depot's, he was still dangerous.

It didn't help him any.

Regulus's claws flashed and tore through it, Magnus's outstretched arm, and the poor fool standing right behind him who didn't have the good sense to dodge.

"Aaaarrggghh!"

"JESUS CHRIST!"

"OW!"

"SORRY!"

I couldn't help it - Sai would get over it.

Right before our eyes, Magnus's buddies started dying, because Regulus continued his charge and almost casually tore three of them in half like piňatas before the others seemed to remember how to freaking move.

In the five seconds it took before they did and started gathering up their magic to fight, the scene in front of us turned into something out of a axe-murderer's slapstick routine.

I'm not kidding - blood and gore were flying everywhere, and flesh and limbs were being rent like papier maché as the two of us stayed rooted to the spot and just stared.

"You were right about one thing."

Regulus finally rumbled as the three survivors scattered all around him, a savage gleam to his lustre as he let them bolt away and started padding back over to the terrified, bleeding Magnus.

The man was pale with incredulous horror - or maybe the absurd blood loss, heck if I know - crawling back and cradling his gushing stump with wild, frazzled eyes that looked about two blinks away from popping out of his skull.

Regulus just laughed at the sight, before deliberately stomping down on the man's detached arm on his way over and crushing it to pulp.

Someone gagged.

It might have been me.

"Wait-"

"A debt is owed."

"NO-!"

Three things happened in quick succession.

Magnus threw himself back, propelled with a wave of magic as he desperately tried to save himself.

Regulus pounced, almost faster than I could track, and I belatedly realized that he was absolutely going easy on us when he tried to 'kill' us.

And then my senses howled as a wave of fire lanced down from the sky between them and Regulus was flung - no.

That wasn't it.

Regulus somehow kicked off the air and threw himself back as a lance of bright purple flames crackled in between them and saved Magnus by the skin of his very literal teeth.

The Nemean Lion - the famously invulnerable Nemean Lion - had just dodged.

That was my first thought.

On a scale of one to ten, with one being easy and ten being pear-shaped, that's a solid seven.

Then I realized that I'd somehow ended up twenty feet away, Sai right beside me and breathing the wrong way, and bumped that up to an even ten.

Those flames... they screamed at me in a way that not even Smaug's had, and they felt...

They felt divine - And I would know.

"WHO DARES?"

I didn't have time to think about that too much, because Regulus snarled with real hateful fury for the first time since we'd met, and we all followed him as his gaze snapped right back up to the valley's ledge.

A woman stood there.

Middle-aged, unassuming, dressed in fur-lined violet robes, jewels, and long, overstated witch's hat. Her grey eyes were sharper than knives, and ice cold despite the crackle of flames I could see wafting over her fingers.

They panned from the mangled bodies behind us, to Regulus to Sai, before they lingered on me in a way that had me tensing up, and finally came to a rest on Magnus.

Slowly, a smile pulled, and the air grew that much colder.

"My, oh my. Dear Magnus... what a mess you've made."

The dead man walking went bone-white, and this time it had nothing to do with the blood loss.

"Augusta."

And that's when things got really bad.

...


Sai and Dan watching Regulus forget all about them and have his revenge:



View: https://imgur.com/vQSLgqm


Fate when Sai and Dan think the crazy has hit its peak:



View: https://imgur.com/Qc6q5pk​


As always, leave your comments and ideas and if you don't like it, please be courteous.
Last edited: May 15, 2025
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Darkplayer35, Ender Wiggen and 1,014 others
Firewillreign
May 15, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks We Fight The World's Most Dangerous Pyromanic
View content
Firewillreign
Firewillreign
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 26, 2023
Messages888
Likes received82,880
May 25, 2025
Add bookmark
#1,080
"Augusta."

I didn't know who this lady was supposed to be, but even if I hadn't seen the way Regulus reacted to her flames and felt the aftertaste they seared into the air myself, or clocked in on the fact that Magnus and his surviving cronies seemed about ready to seize from sheer terror at her presence alone even though she'd just saved him from death by rampaging lion, it still would have only taken me one look at her to know she was bad news.

The kind you read about under tragic, scary headlines, or caught on the news broadcasts you watched when there were absolutely no kids around to traumatize.

The icy smirk was a red flag, but it was the look in her eyes that really gave the game away - cold and sharp, and somehow just barely leashed, like the calm before the mother of all storms.

"Well, Magnus?" She drawled coolly, staring down at him like he was something she'd scraped off the bottom of her shoes and wasn't best pleased with the effort it took to pull that off. "Nothing to say? Cat got your tongue?"

No response - the mutilated wizard's mouth opened and closed, jaws flapping uselessly as he stared up at her.

She snorted derisively, and her gaze flickered all across us, dismissing Magnus, lingering on Sai, and actually pausing on me for a split second. I met her gaze without flinching, because that was almost always a terrible move in messy spots like this.

Slowly, her lips curved up with a hint of knowing.

I couldn't tell how much of a bad thing that was - only that it so obviously was a blind monkey could write a college-grade essay on it alone.

"I thought as much. Though to be fair-" She finally turned, still vaguely addressing Magnus, and that gleam in her eyes got about three shades brighter as they landed on Regulus. "-That there is certainly no ordinary cat."

The Nemean Lion shifted, and his head slowly tilted to one side - not hesitant, not even close, but more assessing, like he was trying to figure out what flavour of crazy he was looking at and what exactly he wanted to do with it.

"You-"

That's when Magnus's brain apparently finished running a system reboot and he abruptly gained his voice back.

"No!" He snarled, and if he was anyone else, anywhere else, I'd have probably called nine one one, because the man was just about foaming at the mouth. "You don't-! I won't let you take it-!"

He couldn't even finish a sentence; he was raging so badly, and Augusta just tutted, looking awfully amused.

"Deep breaths, Magnus." She waved at him in the most faux-encouraging and condescending way I'd ever heard - the way someone would talk to a toddler if they absolutely despised the little tyke and wanted to make them just as miserable. "Go on, use your words - you can do it."

Maybe a little predictably, Magnus exploded.

"I WON'T LET YOU TAKE MY POWER! I WON'T LET YOU WIN AGAIN!"

Augusta took in that little display, and then blinked lazily.

"What power?"

Good question - because if he was somehow talking about Regulus, then the blood loss must have officially ganked whatever vaguely functional excuse for brain cells he had left, and I don't think anybody would believe that the guy had started out with all that many in the first place.

Unfortunately, Magnus didn't see it that way through what had to be a haze of pure-red ballistic fury, and a howl of rage clawed its way out of his throat.

He raised the hand he had left and slammed his clenched fist down against the dirt in front of him with so much force you didn't need to hear the snap to know that something in there was broken.

"Oho?"

The familiar shifting of magic rose up into the air. Off-white sparks crackled off his fist in a gleaming sheen before it burst like a soap bubble, sending a wave of flickering light out across the valley floor. A split-second later, the ground between them ruptured, and spectral shadows poured out like the rising tide, and began to take shape.

Or shapes, actually - there was no rhyme or reason to it.

Some of them grew outwards and solidified into hulking mannequin-like warriors and parodies of medieval knights, decked out in plate armor with swords, spears, axes and whatever the heck else you could imagine off the top of your head.

Others were animals - enormous bears and wolves and canine predators out of somebody's nightmares, all with phantom-black fur and fangs and bristling claws too crooked and wrong to exist without magic putting in the work to make sure all the pieces played nice with one another while the blood-thirsty monsters rampaged and ran wild.

And those were the nice ones.

The rest were either blobs with too many teeth and eyes that looked at you from too many directions all at once - I know, I don't get it either - or... things I didn't know where or even how to begin to describe, and that should tell you plenty, because I've seen stuff at this point.

The eerie part was the silence - shadows didn't make sounds, after all, so in no time flat there was a small army of utterly quiet and just as blatantly rabid.... familiars?

Summons?

Whatever.

Point is, they were there, chomping at the bit and readying to throw themselves into the kill, and they weren't the only ones either - Magnus's cronies decided to throw their crappy hoods into the ring and join in too.

One raised his hands, and a dozen spell circles pieced themselves into rows of four in front of him like an interlocking grid, charged with all kinds of building nastiness - the kind that ramped fast and made my skin prickle in a vague but equally dangerous warning.

The second guy pointed up at the sky, and the clouds directly above us darkened. The air pressure changed and filled with static, and the smell of ozone kicked in so fast it was like someone had blown a deodorant can's worth of the stuff in a closed room.

The last stepped back and actually unsheathed a dagger, long and curved with a gnarly serrated edge. Then he waved two fingers in front of him like he was smearing color onto an invisible canvas, painting a symbol I didn't recognize in blue light before he shimmered and vanished from sight.

And all the while, Augusta just stared.

"Really?"

She didn't seem impressed or worried.

Hell, she looked downright bored - and maybe a little incredulous too.

"Golems of darkness, and amateur party tricks?" No, I take that back - definitely incredulous. "Against me?"

Magnus just snarled, eyes wild.

"Die!"

She snorted.

"Original."

He spat out something so hateful and animalistic it was more inhuman sound than an actual insult - though trust me, the insult was there and wow was it ugly - and swung his hand out like he was firing off a starter gun.

Instantly, the army charged across the gap between them and started clambering up to the ledge where she stood, almost trampling over itself as all hell broke loose... for about three seconds.

Then Augusta smiled.

"Well alright then. If you insist."

She leaned forward and tapped one foot against the earth, almost daintily, and the next thing anyone knew, the ground bubbled up with a grinding scree and erupted in a row of growing poisonous green spikes that skewered about half of them in one go. Where they struck, the shadows hissed, steamed, and melted into sludge that probably counted as a crime against nature no matter where you went in the world.

The rest of the rabid shadows didn't hesitate to leap over them and the growing mess, not the least bit bothered or even aware of the fact that their chances of success had basically - and obviously - started in the negative numbers and just dropped from there.

No survival instincts at all - just sheer murderous auto-pilot.

In response, Augusta raised a single finger.

"Burn."

And you know what?

They did, and spectacularly at that - she swiped that finger their way and bathed them all in a wave of surging purple fire so ravenous it almost felt alive - like a sentient flamethrower with an attitude.

The second the last one vanished, her hand snapped straight up and shimmered just in time for the clouds that had been steadily darkening to slam the eject button like it owed them money, and down came the lightning everyone had seen coming twenty miles away, complete with an unnatural crescendo of booming cracks like the roar of machine-gun fire dialled up to eleven.

She didn't even flinch as the bolts struck her outstretched palm and did jack all, pouring through a fractal array of lights and beginning to coil around and down her arm like a tamed serpent at a petting zoo. Then, just as quickly as she'd gathered it, she lobbed it down to meet the discharge of the dozen spell circles aimed her way without a second thought.

Boom.

Raw lightning hit structured magic and promptly exploded in ways that would have burst eardrums like pop-rocks and killed ordinary people from the shockwaves alone, and Augusta barely slowed her roll even as the shmuck who'd fired at her got blown back went ragdolling across the valley like the main character of a cheap video game.

One down.

"How dull." Then her gaze sharpened, and her other arm abruptly shot off to the side and closed around something with a sharp crunch. With a howl of pain, the croney who'd pulled his best impression of a chameleon suddenly faded back into view, the nasty-looking dagger slipping from his slackened fingers as her hold on his mangled wrist tightened. "And did you really think that would work? I could see you the entire time."

He didn't answer at first, besides the sudden tortured grunt of pain as he staggered down to his knees - Then he let rip a rapid-fire string of words that was or probably should be illegal to put in anything even close to that order ever again.

Just... yikes.

"Dear me." August gasped theatrically, free hand pressed against her chest. "Is that any way to speak to a lady? What would your mother think?"

We never found out - Maybe Augusta pushed a nerve, or maybe he was just sick of hearing her talk over the sounds of the bones in his wrist getting ground to powder in her grip, because he suddenly moved.

Another dagger appeared in his free hand with a shower of sparks and motes of scattering light, smaller than the last but glinting under the sun with an edge just as sharp, and he jabbed it up and into her side with a single, furious roar.

Or at least he tried.

With a clang that sounded oddly like metal striking more of the same, the point bounced off. A spell circle or something close to it shimmered off the ripples on Augusta's cloak, and she didn't give him a chance to try again.

Or so much as breathe, if we're really keeping count.

One second he was writing in her grip. The next - if even that - the world flared purple and a pile of ashes was crumbling at her feet and scattering into the breeze.

Gone, just like that.

"Points for gumption, if nothing else." The mockery was even and brutal as she rounded back on the Magnus and his last lackey - the one who'd called down lightning on her. "And then there were two."

Said lackey took one look at his odds for survival - or, you know, the bright red and critical lack thereof - and panicked, trying to pull a redux of the same move on what had to be fear-driven hysteria.

And again, the operative word here is tried.

He got as far as raising his arms up at the remaining cloud cover before Augusta raised hers, palm facing outwards towards him.

And then she closed it into a fist.

For a fleeting instant, nothing happened.

Then he... folded.

Literally.

He was yanked off the ground and, with a sound that was half wet tearing and all sickening snapping, violently twisted in on himself like the world's most deranged origami display.

He managed to get off one muted scream before his lungs were shredded and pasted in his collapsing chest, and then he imploded with a shower of flying gore.

A beat later, Augusta let her hand drop, and the uneven lump of flesh that used to be a person hit the dirt with a heavy thud.

...

At this point, you might be wondering where the rest of us were during all of this - Sairaorg and I, and Regulus to make three.

That's an easy one - we were right there.

Well, off to the side and clear of the mess and collateral - Sairaorg's reinforcement was on so high you'd need a tank shell to ruffle his hair, and I was basically a glare hazard with how much concentrated sunlight I was giving off - but you get the idea.

Regulus stood apart from us, and closer to the carnage, but that part didn't need an explanation. His invincible hide was literally the stuff of legends.

As to what we were all doing there in the two minutes - give or take - that Augusta had needed to massacre the wizards who stood against her...

That one was even easier - we just stared.

Regulus observed the nightmarish fiasco with all the patience of a predator scoping out prey, but Sairaorg and I stuck to our spots and took it all a little differently.

It wasn't terror, or panic, or anything like that - though I'll fess up and admit that watching one human be reduced to ash and the other turn into a bloody pretzel one after the other, and with the casual ease that Augusta had done it with too...

It was a special kind of horrifying.

The rest of it had been like watching a single car crash spiral into a flaming pileup in seconds - you couldn't look away even as everything went right crap - and Augusta's purple flames were still making my instincts go haywire.

Every spark I locked onto made my heart beat faster, and the mix of adrenaline and power pulsing through my blood acted up until it felt like my skin was three sizes too small to keep it all in.

I couldn't let my guard down. This mess was somehow still in the opening act, and I could tell that things were about to get hairy.

I just could.

From the way he was still ramping up like a spiritual bomb priming itself right next to me, Sairaorg was with me on this one.

"What's wrong, Magnus?"

Augusta was still going - or wrapping up, at least. I wasn't stupid enough to think she'd forgotten about us, but she was either putting on a show or so caught up in the one she'd already started that we were just her accidental audience, and I wasn't about to trip that landmine if I could help it.

Not right this second.

"Done, are we?" I'm pretty sure nobody who'd ever known him would have been surprised, but Magnus didn't look like he was... all there as she continued to mock him - Pale and haggard, torn between terror and black rage, like a man who was quickly losing whatever cheap excuse of a grip he'd had had before, and damn quickly too. "No more desperate gambles or pitiful sorcery to throw my way?"

"...H-Hate You..." He whispered, eyes bloodshot, before it rose back into an uneven snarl. "Everything you have should be mine!"

"Is that right?"

"I am the greater sorcerer!"

She stared down her nose at him for a second, and raised a single brow.

The silent judgment was scathing.

"Clearly."

His eyes flashed.

"Everything about you is a lie! That's not your power! I am the one with true skill!"

She smiled.

Somehow, the expression was downright vile.

"And yet there you are on your knees and in the dirt, and there you'll die when I'm done with you."

"You damned bit-!"

The word died in his throat as Augusta raised a finger, and let the tip spark with about a candle's worth of purple fire.

Barely that, even. It looked nearly harmless.

Nobody was fooled.

I could feel the danger from the one little ember right in the back of my teeth.

"I think I've heard enough." She declared, and Magnus somehow managed to pale again until the shade of his skin was near-inhuman from total terror. How he was still awake to pull that off was anyone's guess, but it wasn't going to last. Not with the final malice laced through Augusta's voice. "If you're not going to be entertaining on your deathbed, I might as well wrap things up here and start cleaning up the mess you made."

"No, wait, damn you-!"

Her smile widened in satisfaction, like she'd just scored a victory she'd been patiently expecting for who knows how long.

Considering the blatantly desperate pleading in Magnus's voice now, maybe she had.

"Goodbye, Magnus-"

"No-!"

"Hold it."

Instantly, the game changed.

Both of them stilled as Regulus's growl tore through the air between them with a vengeance and a wave of rippling presence.

Augusta's eyes snapped over to him, and Magnus nearly face-planted with a gasp.

For a moment, nobody else spoke up, but the warning was obvious in the Nemean Lion's stare.

Then he started padding over.

Calmly. Carefully. Not a care in the world.

Augusta didn't say a word as he strolled right up to Magnus's cowering form and loomed over him, golden eyes sharp.

Then he turned to glare up at her.

"A debt is owed, and it belongs to me."

...

"...Fair enough."

She actually shrugged.

Magnus just croaked - metaphorically and very literally.

"I-"

Too late.

Regulus swiped his paw and tore his face and half his head clear off with all the effort of someone swatting a fly.

...

...

...

"What the hell?" I heard Sairaorg mutter in disturbed disbelief, and as the scent of iron and something sharper quickly filled the air, I reared back with a matching grimace.

What even was this mess anymore?

Regulus grunted in something that might've been grim satisfaction as Magnus's corpse toppled over in front of him, and Augusta took that in for all of a second before she hummed and drew his attention back to her.

"A bit anticlimactic, honestly, but I suppose that dragging it out would have gotten stale eventually." The smile she gave Regulus was different from all the others - fascination crossed with delight that bordered on total glee, like Christmas had come early and she was barely holding herself back from running for the presents under the tree "All's well that ends well there, oh fearsome Longinus."

So she knew who and what he was.

Not that hard to guess, but I noted it down anyway.

"After all, there are far more interesting matters to get to now that my house cleaning is over and done with. But first things first," She continued, and bowed her head with a theatrical flair. "Augusta Hawthorn, Second Generation Witch of The East and humble member of the Wizards of Oz."

A pause.

The slow, deliberate kind.

"And,"

Something about her voice sent a wave of cold creeping down my spine.

"-Last but certainly not least,-"

And it got worse. I don't even know how - just that it did.

Her smile stretched past the point of comfort, and the hammer dropped.

"-The wielder of your fellow Longinus Class Sacred Gear."

...Oh.

"Incinerate Anthem."

Oh.

...

...

...

We are absolutely, magnificently, royally screwed.

"...Beyond all words." Sairaorg agreed in a whisper that was just as faint as mine, at which point I realized that I'd said that aloud.

Luckily, neither of the two monsters in front of us noticed.

Yet.

I wasn't even afraid - the shock and the immediate 'how the hell do we survive this' instincts clobbered that over the head and locked it in the trunk.

Purple flames, and a feeling that set off all our collective alarm bells and strayed close to divinity.

It was stupidly obvious in hindsight.

First things first, though-

"Sai." I subtly - and very slowly - start stepping up and angling myself so he'd be behind me. Just a bit. "If things go bad, stay back."

He looked at me like I was crazy.

"The hell I will."

"Don't be an idiot." I hissed right back at him "You know what that thing is."

He'd sat through the same crash course I could.

Incinerate Anthem.

One of the three Abrahamic holy relics, and a fiery death sentence to anything remotely 'dark' that wasn't a straight up-god or on that level - and even they only had it slightly better, because it sure as anything didn't play nice with pagan divinity either.

It was insanely, unfairly dangerous to me, but if a spark so much as floated Sairaorg's way, there wouldn't be enough ashes left of him to fill a soda can.

And he knew it too, because I could hear him gritting his teeth hard enough to give a dentist a heart attack even as I locked back in to Augusta and Regulus's conversation.

Which had become a staredown in seconds, with neither looking to give ground.

If you could translate Regulus's answering look into words, it'd probably be something along the lines of 'I already don't like you, and I am actively considering ways to violently murder you.'

I'm not joking - he was just about radiating muted bloodlust, but if Augusta noticed, she didn't show it.

Then the silence broke.

"Naturally you, Regulus Nemea, need no introduction - and then we have the two surprises over there." Finally, the witch turned our way and looked us over expectantly. "A devil and a demigod, and apparently hand in hand to boot. How novel."

I tried not to grimace, and mostly succeeded.

"You know what we are?"

What am I even asking?

Of course she knows.

"Obviously, child." The way she said child just about dripped with condescension, and I immediately hated it. "Your kind are rarer than others in this day and age, but only just, and you're always quite... distinctive."

Her eyes panned over to Sairaorg, who stared back evenly.

"His, on the other hand... well, I'm more than familiar. I've suffered many a nuisance at their hands." Her expression shifted into something between a frown and an irritated scowl. "Devils. They pop up like infernal weeds chasing every other fleeting whim and are always ever so eager to stick their fingers into whatever it is they can reach for, the grubby little things."

Sai grunted.

"If you're expecting an apology-"

"Oh please. What exactly would that be worth to me?"

"Considering I don't have or really want to give you one?" Sai looked her dead in the eye and deliberately shrugged. "You tell me."

"Ha! A hint of spine, I see."

She sounded pleased too, like she'd just watched a trained puppy pull a neat trick.

That, or kicked it instead - the lady seemed like that special kind of psychopath.

"You're already doing better than the last one. In one sense, at least. Abysmally low demonic power on the other, but I suppose that's hardly a metric for value in these things. The last one had plenty of it, and I still incinerated him just as easily as I do the rest of the chaff."

And there's the barely hidden threat.

In way, I was almost glad she turned back to Regulus then and dismissed us for a beat - it gave me time to send a trickle of magic down into my storage band and grab onto my bow and its quiver as each materialized in either hand.

That was step one.

Step two needed time.

"Regulus Nemea," She went back to addressing him and unknowingly gave me just that. "I have never worshipped a god, but of all the ones I might consider paying respects to, the Abrahamic fellow stands at the top of the list. His creations - his Sacred Gears - are power enough, but those of the Longinus class? Those that grant the right wielder the potential to kill gods?"

She laughed, and it was closer to a cackle than anything else.

"Glorious! A gift that borders on the peerless. From the moment I mastered Incinerate Anthem-"

"Oh, and here we go."

Regulus didn't roll his eyes - lions can't physically do that - but he did roll his neck and his whole head in a way that stopped Augusta's speech dead in its tracks.

"Ah?"

I don't think she took the interruption well.

"Mortals like you... you never change, no matter what the era." He snorted, and the derisive contempt there matched the stuff Augusta was putting out earlier tit for tat. "You fall backwards into power that doesn't belong to you and let it go straight into your puny little heads until you're so drunk on it you can't tell up from down or left from right. It's pathetic and irritating at best."

He barred his teeth, an annoyed growl rumbling past them. His mane shifted with the vibration of it.

"Do you have any idea how many other Longinus wielders have come looking for my own over the millennia? How many talked a big a game and boasted of 'their' power and 'their' might until someone took the time out of their schedule to squash them like bugs?"

His growl deepened, growing jagged and impatient. His paws pressed the ground so hard we could all hear it start to splinter.

"None of them were special, and neither are you. You want something, just like they all did, so get over yourself, and get to the damn point."

...

"As you wish."

Hoooo boy.

Her easy smile didn't shift, but something in Augusta's voice changed - it got sharper, and more pinched.

The insults had landed hard.

"I try to keep an eye on all potential and active Longinus wielders I get word of. Call it a hobby, if you will." She explained, still with that same voice. "It's how Magnus found yours."

Regulus stilled.

"He fancied himself my competition in our organization." She snorted like the idea was a bad joke - and considering what we'd all seen, it pretty obviously had been. "A bit of an old, festering grudge there that Ionely ever entertained for the comedic value alone. As it were, as foolish as he was, he knew he couldn't hope to match my Incinerate Anthem, and so he coerced one of my underlings to give a pass on the information he needed to find an equal source of power - hence you, and the unpleasantness that came to pass."

No response, but the silence was so tense and loaded it nearly had its own gravity.

"I see your rage, but rest assured that I had nothing to do with it - perhaps I would have made a move, given time, but Magnus thoroughly jumped the gun there, and you took your... rather cathartic revenge, I imagine." She paused and gave him a 'what can you do' kind of look... but the simmering anger was still there if you knew to look for it. "Regardless of how it happened, however, you are free. Somehow reembodied despite the regulations of Heaven's System. This fascinates me more than you could possibly imagine."

She spread her arms wide.

"Join me. Allow me to study you, and the means by which you've regained a corporeal form despite the workings of your Sacred Gear, and in return - take your pick."

"Take my pick?"

"I have resources and power beyond most any other mortal. Whatever you want will be yours, within reason and in exchange for your compliance."

...

"My... compliance?"

Regulus sounded... amused.

The kind of amused you get when you're so utterly furious you loop right back into accidental laughter.

The tension skyrocketed, and Sairaorg shifted next to me.

A silent countdown had started.

"You wizards and witches really don't know when to shut up and save your miserable lives, do you?"

Augusta matched his off-pitch fury with her own. Her head leaned forward expectantly, and the brim of her hat tilted over her face until it seemed like her eyes were cast in shadows.

They still gleamed, though.

"I don't appreciate the insult."

"Do I look like I care?"

She might've twitched at that.

"That's a refusal, then?"

"What do you think?"

"I see."

Suddenly, she turned back to us.

Her expression cooled some more.

"I'd tell you two infants to leave now that things are getting difficult, but there might be value left to wring from you after all. " She focused on me. "The demigod in particular-"

Regulus roared.

Point-blank, with no warning - a great thundering wave of force and rage that carried the air forward with it and hit like the shockwave of a bomb, tearing through the valley and the ledge Augusta stood on.

It crumbled underneath her, stone breaking apart like glass, dirt blown back into the air, but she barely stumbled after leaping back to avoid the worst of it.

Sairaorg and I didn't move either, beyond bracing for impact.

Not at at first.

The dust cloud swallowed her, until she was almost a silhouette hidden in the falling debris.

Then her voice rang out.

Sharp. Angry.

And fixed in the worst kind of way.

"Fine. We'll do this the hard way."

My eyes widened, and I was already launching an arrow her way even though I knew it was futile - a tongue of purple flames burned it out of the air with a whip-like crack, and then it started to swell.

Damn it.

"Scram!"

We all did - even Regulus. He rounded back and leaped up in a ballistic arc, and Sairaorg and I blinked away out of the valley and up into the air above the greater mountain range.

A second later, it exploded.

Incinerate Anthem's flames ignited like a second sun, and the eruption swallowed the valley in a blink of an eye - then it rose past it.

Trees and greenery turned to dust. Rock glowed red hot or burst like popcorn kernels. The heat jumped a thousand degrees, and the feeling of Holy Power riding it was so thick it felt like the stuff was trying to reach down our throats and punch us in the lungs.

What the hell was this quest!?

Sairaorg cursed, but I could barely hear him, because Augusta voice chose right then to roll across the sky like a thunderbolt even as the glow from her flames tinted everything in shades of violet.

It was unhinged - and we weren't even the targets of it.

Just footnotes and collateral damage

"You want me to get to the point? Have it your way."

Something began to take shape in the growing firestorm below.

Regulus roared again, a thousand times louder, shining golden and bellowing enough that Mount Eyrmanthus seemed to recoil in terror under the force of it, but he only slowed it down.

The flames stuttered and went right back to taking shape - an enormous one.

"Rise, My Fire Giant ."

...Yeah, that just tracked, didn't it?

The shape solidified, and it was just what it said on the tin - a titanic, hundred-foot-tall figure of roiling purple flames with hollow pits for eyes and a crucifix hanging off its back - one that managed to gleam with light that overshadowed the monster carrying it.

"Impress me, Regulus Nemea, and I might leave something of you intact for study."

Credit where credit was due, Regulus didn't back up. His paws slammed against the ground, and another earthquake struck like a viper. The fire giant didn't back up, but the flames that made up its feet wavered and somehow made it stumble.

Actually, no - it didn't stumble.

It deliberately tipped forward and lunged, far faster than anything that size had any right to be, and Regulus became a blur to dodge the literal handfuls of holy flames reaching out to crush him.

Around them, the terrain started to melt.

All the while, the two of us hovered above and watched.

Can you blame us?

Sairaorg glanced at me, just as out of his depth.

"What do we do?"

I could barely hear him over all the carnage.

"We can-"

Honestly, I have no idea what I was going to say there.

I never got to finish anyway.

"Interfere and die? I agree."

Everything - and I mean everything - happened far too fast after that.

Augusta's voice came from everywhere at once, just like before, but my instincts howled this time.

Sairaorg's too, from the way his Touki flared with brilliance - and then we both felt it, right before I saw it out of the corner of my eye.

A human hand, wreathed in even more of those stupid purple flames, lunging right for the back of Sai's neck.

I didn't think - I just moved.

I pushed him away, just about smacking him in the face with my bow, and he went flying off like a comet with a panicked yell.

Idiot move, I know - I should have teleported us - but again, I didn't think.

I just got him out of the way.

Then Augusta's hand - because she'd somehow appeared right behind us, floating on a miniature cyclone of air - caught the end of my bow.

Fire.

It crumbled to cinders in my grip, and the spark caught on.

No-!

Before I could even twitch, the flames covered half my arm and part of my shoulder, burning through my reinforcement and the hoodie underneath - then me.

It burned.

I burned.

Not enough to destroy the limb - The flames winked out and Augusta reared away before that, surprise in her eyes.

She hadn't meant to do that.

Good to know - I barely registered that even as I soared away, and I only did that because the pain didn't hit at first, breathless with fear.

"I-"

Then it did, all at once.

"▅▅▅▂▅▂▄▅▃▃▄"

Everything blanked out except for the sensation of sheer, brain-stabbing cold - why was it cold? - spreading across the burns I couldn't even look at through my suddenly blurry vision.

The Holy Power was overwhelming on top of it - it felt like it was trying to snuff the part of me that it hated most of all.

The divinity I got from my dad.

Then the burns started pulsing.

A long, tortured, and keening rasp crawling its way out of my throat without a hint of grace or dignity.

I nearly toppled right out of the sky, I couldn't even think or do anything - Augusta could have killed me right then and there, and I wouldn't have even seen it coming.

Maybe she could have tried, too, except Sairaorg took one look at me and went absolutely berserk.

His eyes went white with fury. His muscles swelled and heaved, and his spiritual presence detonated.

It slammed into us like a tidal wave, and things got weird.

Air pressure changed. Light twisted oddly. The clouds rumbled and thundered overhead overhead. Down beneath us, the wildlife that was being torn apart by Regulus or reduced to ashes by the Holy Fire Giant twisted unnaturally. Some of it decayed and fell apart.

Other plants erupted out of the ground in absurd bursts, vines and weeds and roots growing explosively before collapsing and being torn apart under their own unsustainable weight.

The part of me that was trying not to splutter out into unconsciousness and fall to a fiery death below knew what it was.

It was a messy, uncontrolled sneak-peak into the true potential of Senjutsu - the manipulation of the world's natural energies and phenomena by way of the spirit.

Too bad I couldn't enjoy it through the haze of mortal agony, but good for Sai anyway, right?

Surprise, surprise, but Augusta didn't think so.

"At least have the dignity to die quietly!" She snapped, and her hand caught fire as Sairarog bull-rushed her like he meant to rip her in half with his bare hands.

If it wasn't for the Hoy Flames ready to surge his way, he probably could have.

No.

Somehow, I found the strength to move.

To focus.

It was the hardest thing I've ever done - I hurt in a way that pretty much redefined the word form.

Zero stars, and worth a terrible Yelp review.

But I managed it.

Remember step two?

The one that needed time?

Augusta was stronger than us. Leagues stronger than us - or at least flat-out more dangerous by way of the Sacred Gear.

But that didn't mean one good hit that bypassed that wouldn't take her down - she was still mortal. Just one, because that was all the chances she'd give us.

Fine.

Back down on the ground, just past the valley where Regulus had deflected it and sent it flying to before, a speck of light that I'd been focusing my power on glinted and shone red-gold.

Probably for the best. Incinerate Anthem would have destroyed it otherwise.

Augusta didn't notice it, at first.

Too busy preparing to dust Sai as he rocketed her way, fist cocked back and promising bloody murder.

She did notice it when I pointed her finger my way, but by then I was already grinning like a lunatic from sheer pain and snarling at her.

"Archer's Support!"

The spell kicked in, and Serpent's Downfall came hurling up through the air, propelled by its own miniature inferno and gaining speed with every passing second. By the time it was right under us - less than a second after it took off, the inferno of cursed flames was half the size of Augusta's Fire Giant.

And for the first time since this started, I saw her panic.

Sairaorg ducked under the whip of holy flames she threw his way, and she threw up about a hundred spell circles in an instant, layered in terrifying synergy.

That was her biggest mistake - she should have focused on Sairaorg, because he hadn't thrown his punch yet.

Then he was suddenly right there, next to her, and doing just that.

The universe seemed to warp around his fist as he did, reality glitched - or maybe that was my brain threatening to pass out from the burn I was still only beginning to feel - and Augusta's shields shattered like glass with a cataclysmic implosion.

"No!"

Too late.

Even as she tried to dodge out of the way, Serpent's Downfall found its mark.

We didn't stick around to see it happen.

A blink, and we reappeared a mile away as, for the second time in as many minutes, everything from one end of our line of the sight to next detonated into a fiery nightmare that burned the sky itself.

That was the good news.

A moment later, the feeling of overwhelming Holy Power in the air dropped like it'd just jumped off a cliff. In the distance, Regulus's roars also abruptly cut out as the Fire Giant collapsed.

Like a puppet with its strings cut, it just tumbled over, and the flames dispersed and winked out in the eerie silence that followed.

That was the better news.

Bad news time - the second we teleported, I finally lost the fight and started falling out of the sky.

"Dan!"

Nope, sorry.

Your Daniel Winchester program is currently experiencing technical difficulties - please try again when even the air brushing past my slow-roasted limb doesn't feel like an active war crime.

Unfortunately, Sai didn't get the memo.

He shot down and reached out to grab me as I tumbled towards the earth ground, whatever sound came out of my throat when he unthinkingly latched onto my bad arm was more unholy than all seventy-two devil pillars families down in hell, and then some.

It was so bad - and accidentally power-boosted - that he nearly dropped down with me.

My bad, but I was more focused on my arm and whydoesitstillburncold?

It wasn't pretty.

Just because I couldn't look at it didn't mean I couldn't feel it.

That was all I could feel.

I'm not sure how he got us back to the ground after that, because things got a little fuzzy, but by the time I tuned back in, he was rummaging through his pocket desperately and only just keeping me standing by the grip he had on my good-shoulder.

The less said about the other one, the better.

"Got it!" He tore the summoning flyer out of his pocket and lit it up with "Anton's on his way."

"Bet he is." Talking was good. It was distracting enough that I could go at it until the creeping unconsciousness caught up to me and I didn't have to focus on why my vision was going black at the edges. "His Lord Sairaorg is calling for him. He's gotta come running."

Did I sound a little slurred?

Probably did.

"...Really?" He was starting to sound strange - faraway and distant. "Now?"

"Sai, my whole arm and a part my back both look and feel like undercooked rotisserie chicken. Including the one time a hellhound nearly disemboweled me, I am literally in the worst pain of my life." I glared at him - or tried to. My eyes kept flickering open and closed, and everything seemed to be spinning like a yo-yo "Let me have this."

"...Sure."

"Hah! No take-backs forever, sucker!"

As if to agree with me, the shadows at my feet bubbled, and out popped Courage.

I genuinely forgot about him there.

"Hey buddy. Where'd you come from?"

He didn't bark at me the way he was supposed to - instead, he sniffled at me before recoiling at the sight of my arm.

Real encouraging, that.

"Thanks-"

Sai suddenly cursed, letting go of me and punching forward without warning.

"Yo-uu wretches. G-i-ve it bac-k!"

Oh, for the love of dad!

Augusta was suddenly present - somehow - and shimmering into view in front of us.

The wave of destructive power nearly threw her off her feet, but I'm guessing she held on by sheer spite, because that was all she had still going for her.

Her clothes were blackened rags clinging to burned flesh. The right side of her body looked like overcooked lobster, and the left was halfway gone with her arm missing entirely and part of her face eaten away like something had taken a bite out of it. The eye there was gone too, and I'm pretty sure it was dripping down her side like bubbling goo.

Even her hair had burned away, leaving a mess of boiled flesh that popped and blistered in real time.

The smell of it was awful.

The one eye she had left was clouded in what had to be more pain than I was feeling - and let me tell you, that was an achievement - and enough hysterical madness to put evil gods and dragons to shame.

"How are you even alive?"

She didn't answer. I don't think she could even speak anymore - her tongue seemed to be burning in her own mouth.

"D-d-i-ie!"

Never mind. She still had the important stuff down.

... I feel loopy.

She scrambled towards us, but Sai's second force-punch tore her off the ground sent her flipping back with an audible snap.

Even then, she didn't die.

Her hands started scrapping against the dirt as she tried to pull herself back up again, and bits of her were actively breaking off under the strain.

It was messed up.

Even Sai stepped back a little, looking green.

Why wasn't she dying?

Like she'd heard the thought, her eye slowly panned back up to me.

Utter malice beyond what should have been humanely possible raged there.

"K-ill y-o-uo!"

"Enough."

I didn't even question it anymore.

Neither did Sai.

We just watched on as a golden blur leaped out of the acrid smoke behind her and descended on her like the hammer of a vengeful god. Augusta never saw Regulus's paw coming until it shattered her skull like an egg and finally put her out of her misery.

The sound echoed out between us before petering out.

"..."

"..."

"..."

"Man, you're just a professional kill-stealer, aren't you?"

Sai choked.

The lion stared at me silently, then tilted his head in quiet consideration.

"You don't know when to shut up either, do you?"

"Nope!" I said cheerily, and then reached and recalled Serpent's Downfall, just in case I needed it. "But at least I don't monologue."

Or at least that's what I think I said.

I really can't remember anymore.

I do remember the familiar teleportation circle lighting up between us, but only after my spear came hurling back out of the air.

I moved to catch out on some god-forsaken reflex, only I did it with my burned hand, and it smacked right into my palm full force the way it always did.

That took me to my knees with a scream so strangled it was barely more than a whisper, and everything else just about whited out.

But not enough that I didn't feel Serpent's Downfall... tremble in my grip, like something in the wood was bouncing against the walls and trying to get out.

Before it even slipped from my mangled fingers, whatever it was raging inside the spear surged out of it like off-purple smoke and leaped up through my arm and into my everything.

I couldn't have fought it even if I tried, and something inside my chest clicked into place.

Almost on cue, Courage recoiled and started barking up a storm.

Huh.

Wonder what that's about?

Sairaorg yelled out something garbled, and it sounded it like he was underwater. I managed to look up right as Chiron and Anton stepped out of the circle, eyes wide.

Hey, that's good.

I even managed to smile.

"Hey Teach. You're right on time."

Then I pitched forward and promptly blacked out.

...​

Extra:

By the time the goddess appeared in Chiron's home, about half-hour later, Sairaorg barely even reacted

He felt... hollow.

Exhausted in that special kind of way people get when they feel to much too fast and then crash down from that emotional rollercoaster all at once.

Artemis appeared in the entry hall between one blink and the next, their presence subtle but blatantly solid in a way that was hard to describe. His Senjutsu pinged off her like a metal detector gone haywire.

"Lady Artemis."

She didn't wait for him to bow.

"My nephew?"

How a question could come off as both that and a command so effortlessly, he didn't know.

Didn't much care right this second either.

"Chiron's healing him."

He said he'd be fine. Dan would be fine.

...

He pushed him out of the way.

His fists tightened.

If Artemis noticed, she made no mention of it.

"Good."

A pause.

"What happened?"

Before he could even try to answer, she raised a hand dismissively.

"Never mind. I'll get it from Chiron." Her silver eyes looked him up and down, expression unreadable. "And just to be safe, you should make yourself scarce. Now."

He... blinked.

"Why?"

For future reference, questioning a god or goddess is a special kind of stupid nine times out of ten.

This time, though, he got a straight answer.

But not from Artemis.

Nobody appeared in front of his eyes, but another presence slammed down from above like judgment day had come calling.

Fiery. Overwhelming.

And furious beyond all comprehension.

"WHO D̶̡̡̧̛̮̗̭͔͈̲͎̺͎̗͖͔͓̙̱̲̞̜̜̥̦́͊͛͑̈̇͑̾͌̎̉͒̀̊̄̊͛̕͠A̴̪̺̺̹̣͆̎̋̓̈́͑͗̈́͘R̷̨̛̛̯̝̈́̓̈̍̽͌͗̂̀̃̆̓̀̇͑̑̊̏̿̀̈́͒̀̓̎̆͘̚͠͝Ḙ̶̛̻͙̬̹̟͇͓͕̪̼͚̫͂̔̈͑̀̽͆́̂̂̅͛̽̀͂͂́̃̽̿͋̀̄͝͝D̶̡̡̛̪̭̺̠͓̻̥̪̗̹̲͔̩͉͍̝̙̹̣̟͎̩̙̦̹̪̗̊̀͌̉̉̎̔͗͒͂͆̈́́͑͒̎̿́̓͒͑͊̃̆͌̌͐̓̽̐͆̿̀͘͜͠͝͝ͅ -"

It reeled back and contained itself just as quickly as it had struck, which was good, because just those two words had nearly blasted Sairarog''s mind to smithereens.

He didn't even notice he was on the ground and gasping desperately until he blinked and realized that his forehead was pressed against the marble floor.

Artemis just looked resigned.

"Because of that."

"...Oh."

"Quite." she sighed. "This is going to be a long day."

...


Chiron at the end of this chapter:



View: https://imgur.com/QBd6wVz



View: https://imgur.com/pQ4Uv81​


As always leave your comments and ideas and if you don't like it, please be courteous.
Last edited: Oct 15, 2025
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Darkplayer35, Ender Wiggen and 1,043 others
Firewillreign
May 25, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks We Take A Long Overdue Breather
View content
Firewillreign
Firewillreign
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 26, 2023
Messages888
Likes received82,880
Jun 26, 2025
Add bookmark
#1,286
Between the new summer schedule, RL responsibilities, and everything in between, writing this chapter kicked my ass.

On a brighter note, the Quest (The real one this time) should kick off next chapter!
I've mentioned this before, but, as a general rule of thumb, I'm a pretty light sleeper.

Some of it was hardwired instinct, and a part of the demigod package - like the ADHD. Just a symptom of that whole "Gotta keep moving so I don't die in any of various messy ways'' thing we had going for us, and honestly?

Probably for the best - some of it could be a total pain sometimes, but ending up as some random monster-of-the-week's morning or late-night snack because you picked a bad spot to get some shut-eye wouldn't just be tragic, but plain embarrassing.

Here lies Chucky Mcgee, son of what's-his-name.
Got munched on by a hydra while trying to catch some z's, the dumb schmuck.
RIP.

Seriously, nobody wants something like that written on their tombstone.

Another part of it was just plain old training - the number of times Chiron's dragged or had us dragged out of bed at ungodly hours of the night and in new and different - read: traumatizing - ways every time to get us to think fast or get smacked around like you wouldn't believe pretty much blurred together after a while.

On the bright side, it got the job done - most people trying to sneak up on me wouldn't be able to breathe in my general direction without more than even odds of it waking me right the hell up.

On the not-so-bright side, sometimes I could get a little... twitchy.

Sairaorg tried to nudge me awake this one time after I took a nap in the afternoon sun, and I nearly stabbed him through with Serpent's Downfall on sheer reflex.

Eh, nobody's perfect.

The point is, I usually wake up quickly.

Bink a couple of times, take a quick breath, and I'm ready to go - or dodge.

Whatever comes first.

This time, though, things started off a little differently.

I came back up to the land of the living slowly - almost lazily, if that was even the right word for it - and the first thing I clocked was the slow, pleasant warmth seeping through me from head to toe and back again, like the feeling you get when you down a mug of hot chocolate on a cold and snowy day, but somehow even better.

Then I heard the music - not a hit song or an ear-worm tune or anything crazy special like that, but this high and crisp noted melody that nudged me awake a couple of steps at a time and hit me with... well, I couldn't really tell you, but if good vibes were a musical piece, that'd be what I was listening to right then and there.

Finally, I blinked my eyes open to the sight of the ceiling I'd been sleeping under for over eight months and shifted in bed- my bed, I realized a little belatedly, but that only made sense, didn't it?

Where else would I be?

Then the music paused, and my eyes flickered to the side.

There was a familiar figure sitting there, carefully holding on to my gold and silver harp and staring at me carefully.

He was even sitting in the same chair as before, the totally-not-a-throne that he carted around for dramatic effect.

To be fair though, pulling fancy furniture out of thin air wasn't the worst thing a god could do to show off - and if we're going by classic Olympian standards alone, if no one's dying and no crimes against nature are actively being committed, you're about as in the clear as you're ever going to get.

"...Dad?"

Apollon smiled in greeting, and the expression was... real in a way that was hard to describe though the fuzzy post-sleep filter still stuck to my brain.

Fond and pleased, but also carefully measured - like it was designed not to be overwhelming on purpose.

"Good morning, son." He leaned over and put the harp back on my bedside table, next to a jug of water and a glass I couldn't remember putting there myself. "Awake at last, are we?"

"Mhm. Morning."

I slumped back against the pillow and blearily rubbed at my eyes. I felt slow - What time did I get in last night?

"What're you doing here?"

"Checking in on you. Oh, and admiring your instrument. Beautiful craftsmanship, and well-tuned too. Quite the prize."

As he spoke, the aura of sunlight and the warmth I'd been feeling pulled back, though it took its sweet time and lingered enough that the change wasn't abrupt.

Guess that explained that, at least.

"Thanks." I yawned under my breath as I raised my hands over my head in a sluggish stretch. "I got it from Smaug's-"

...

Wait, hold up, what?

My head snapped back over to him, meeting his bemused smile, and that was about the point where I really finished waking up, registered exactly who I was talking to and where, and nearly short-circuited on the spot.

Apollon.

By my bedside.

Right there.

My jaw dropped, and he grinned wryly.

"There it is."

I jumped off the bed.

Well, actually, jumped is a strong word. It was more like... very enthusiastic flailing in no particular direction at all, complete with a high-pitched yelp I'd take to my grave and a burst of medical-grade adrenaline that had me almost cartwheeling halfway across the room and nearly face-planting after getting tangled in my own covers like a total clown.

I'd tell you that it wasn't as embarrassing as it sounded, but come on - you know I'd be lying. I've seen and laughed at cartoon flicks that were more dignified than I was right then.

In my defense though...

What the actual hell is this?

"Da-?" The word died in my throat - the same way a part of me did in absolute mortification and something close to panic when I remembered that I'd called him that to his face. "My l- Apollon. Sir."

Damn it.

I swear it took real effort not to cringe as I looked him in the eye and willed myself to keep a straight face, and not just because I fumbled three times trying to look for the right word.

There's a rude awakening, and then there's the stuff that's just outright a hazard to your mental well-being.

I'll give you three guesses which one whatever was happening now was, and the first two don't count.

"There's no need for that." His smile didn't dim, exactly, but it went a little exasperated at the edges - that, or tired. "I've already told you that you don't need to stand on that kind of formality with me."

"...Right. I'll... remember that."

I lied with a smile so fake you'd think it was made of plastic - or at least an attempt at one that probably came out more wary and helplessly confused than anything else.

Not my best work, I know, but it couldn't be helped - my heart was still beating just a little too quickly for comfort, and for all that his presence was non-threatening and mind-trippingly easygoing, it still had my instincts manning all stations and running pre-flight checks in case things got messy.

If Apollon noticed, he didn't show it.

Credit where credit was due and all, because he had a celestial bronze-grade poker face.

"Uh... can I ask...?"

Why in literally any other god's name are you in my room?

I didn't say that aloud - mostly because you couldn't pay me to take that tone with him, parent or no - but he beat me to the punch anyway before I could think of a better way to phrase it.

"What do you remember?"

I blinked.

"Remember?"

"From your little quest, and your battle with the-" His expression darkened mid-word, so quickly and dangerously that I had to fight the urge not to flinch back at once. "-witch."

Wit-?

Boom.

Just like that - like a switch had suddenly been flipped - it all came rushing back to me.

Quest.

Regulus and the Wizards of Oz.

Augusta.

Well, what do you know?

A second ago I'd have never believed that anything could make me forget about Apollon ever existing in the same space as me for any length of time ever, but that sure did it, because I turned on the spot and scrambled for the mirror hanging against the wall like it owed me money.

I didn't even bother rolling up my sleeve, either - the phantom memory of my arm lighting on fire kind of pressed the issue a little too much for just that, and I ended up yanking the shirt clean off to stare at my...

...

...Completely unblemished skin?

"What?"

I stared at the limb like it didn't belong to me, because the last time I'd seen it - just this one glance out of the corner of my eye, followed by a whole bucket of solid nope - it looked more like a pricey Halloween prop that had somehow ended up on the wrong side of an angry blowtorch, or else something that would have had Frankenstein's monster trying to sue me for cribbing on his style.

I'm not even going to think about how it felt, either.

Now, though?

Normal.

Completely and totally.

I rolled it at the shoulder, clenching and unclenching my fingers easily. I even poked and ran over it with my good hand - the other one, at least, and it felt just as peachy as it looked, the skin and muscle underneath exactly what they were supposed to be.

Tip-top shape all around, like I'd never been injured at all.

"Holy crap," I whispered, and it was more reflex than anything.

"Holy, yes."

The words carried through - not that they really had to. Apollon could probably hear a mouse fart twenty miles down the road if he wanted to.

"Crap, though? I'd hope not. I'll have you know I take great pride in my skills as a healer."

He sounded lightly amused, and when I remembered I probably shouldn't keep my back to him and quickly turned back over, he looked like it too.

That, and patient.

Waiting.

I quickly put my shirt back on and coughed.

"You healed me?"

Obvious question, I know, but walking on eggshells around him and triple-checking every word coming out of my mouth was just the way I roll at this point.

That, and I was divided between so many other questions I didn't even really know where to start.

What happened after I blacked out, and how long was I out of it

Where'd Sairaorg and Courage get off to?

Why are we currently sharing a zip code and what can I do to change that?

The last one was for the bonus points, and my blood pressure.

"Of course I did." He nodded easily. "Chiron would have managed just as well, if in a little more time than I would have, but I took over the moment I arrived." He shrugged, but he didn't stop looking me right in the eyes. "Wounds caused by divine weapons and armaments - lethal or otherwise - are thaumaturgically and spiritually complex at minimum, and often abhorrently brutal in their effectiveness and long-term impact as a matter of principle. And those are just the standard examples - an Abrahamic Longinus, the one that you faced in particular-"

He shook his head, firmly and with a flash of something too quick for me to recognize - and that was an achievement right there because I was watching him like a freaking hawk the whole time.

"Your being a demigod did you no favors there. I have absolute faith in your teacher's prowess and sheer competence, but some things I refuse to leave to any kind of chance at all, no matter how slim."

There was a pause, and I nodded slowly as I took that in.

It made... sense.

"But how did you even know-?"

Ok, not an obvious question this time - a blatantly stupid one.

Chiron, obviously - and getting Apollon's attention when you were someone on my teacher's level was probably as easy as shooting a prayer his way and holding your breath.

He raised a brow at the second pause - awkward, I'll tell you that much - but he stepped right over it in the next beat.

"How are you feeling?"

Peachy. Like sunshine and roses.

"That's good."

"Indeed."

And see, that's where things got a little weird.

I was going to thank him - two words, easy like nobody's business, but when I opened my mouth, they kind of... stuck.

I don't even know why, but between the look on his face and the memory of Incinerate Anthem's fire lancing up my arm, it felt like I was trying to talk through a brick wall someone had built into my throat when I wasn't looking, and the silence just stretched from there.

A second passed.

Then another one.

At about the fifth - that being the point where I was ready to start considering the pros and cons of outright praying for my brain to get with the program, and screw the irony - he rose from his seat.

I tensed, also on reflex, and then I may as well have turned into concrete all the way through when he stepped forward, materialized right in front of me mid-step, and put his hand on my shoulder.

"I'm glad you're safe." He murmured, and, see, I didn't know what to do with the gentle warmth in his tone - the emotional whiplash was going to make me break out in hives at this rate. "I heard the story from your… friend-"

The split-second and almost grudging pause was definitely there, but it didn't linger.

"-and I'm most impressed." His smile curved upwards, bright and proud. "You continue to grow in leaps and bounds."

I stared at him slowly.

"I nearly got flash-fried by the world's most dangerous pyromaniac."

And just remembering that very much not dearly departed psycho - and the way she died - was going to make any future therapist of mine rich as sin... and leave them with all kinds of fresh issues of their own, probably, but if I can live with it, so can they, right?

Right?

Questions for later.

Apollon's expression strained at the edges at 'blink and you'd miss it' speeds, and the air got a little warmer.

Weirdly enough, it wasn't threatening.

Not to me, at least, and not any more than anything else I'd ever seen or felt him do.

"I'm aware. And I'll be… looking into that, in due time." Ominous. With a capital O - and I mean both the words and the look that passed over his face. "But a victory is a victory all the same, and you lived to tell the tale."

True.

The Ancient Greek Hero policy for victory in battle or war pretty much always boiled down to 'if you're alive at the end of it and in possession of most - if not necessarily all - of your bodily functions, you done good kid.'

Things could get messy after the whole surviving part was done and dusted, for all sorts of different reasons, but getting to that finish line first was kind of the priority.

Technically, I came out better than almost everyone in the really bad old stories - not a scratch on me, courtesy of literal divine intervention.

Still, it hadn't been so much a fight as it was twenty seconds of pure 'movemovemove', and a sneak attack I'd managed to land by the skin of my nearly barbecued teeth - and not on my own, either.

"It was a team effort," I admitted without shame. "I couldn't have done it without Sairaorg."

And that was the honest truth too, because - now that I thought about it again - that last punch?

The one that had shattered Augusta's shields before she could defend herself from Serpent's Downfall?

That had been something else - completely unhinged and off all the rails, a solid twelve out of ten.

He'd gotten even stronger than I think either of us had realized.

If I weren't where I was right then, I'd have probably grinned.

Good.

And speaking of ludicrous power in my immediate vicinity-

"Indeed."

Apollo's finally pulled back and let his hand drop off my shoulder, before moving to adjust his cufflinks with an easy, obviously practiced motion.

"Despite the reservations I may or may not have had stacked against him, your... friend continues to prove his worth."

Again, he said friend with the energy of someone who'd looked for and used so many other words for something they ended up burning out and rolling right back around to the original - like a tired, sort of begrudging compromise.

Which was more than fine over in this corner - compromises were cool.

I'd take what I could get, and Sairaorg would too.

"Granted, the bar I set for the rest of his kind is so low an ordinary earthworm could clear it in a single leap, but you'd be amazed how few of them ever really-" He paused and shook his head. "But that's another topic all on its own - we have more important things to cover."

"So he's alright?"

He shouldn't be anything but alright - he hadn't been hit, I'd made sure of that - but with our track record being what it was, you can never know for sure.

Sometimes it felt like fate and karma were just waiting around the corner with a bat and a couple dozen curveballs ready to go at the drop of a hat.

Apollon huffed an amused breath.

"I'm fairly sure he's currently out in the forest with Chiron and your new guest."

Cool.

Also, what?

"Guest?"

"The Nemean Lion."

I stared at him again - and I really had to stop doing that, but stopping to parse through this stuff was almost an ingrained reaction at this point.

"Regulus is here."

I thought about that for a split second and… it made some sense in the context of the future that would have played out who knows how many years down the line from now, but not so much in the present.

We'd had a single two-minute conversation, and then he tried to disembowel us.

Or maybe not, because he clearly hadn't been going anywhere close to all out while he was at it, but I'd buy a hat and eat it too if he wasn't having fun playing with his food - that being us.

I resisted the urge to scowl.

Cats - you could never tell with any of them. One second they're all regal and stuff, and the next they're screeching like hellspawn that put Sairaorg to shame and trying to claw your eyes out, the contrary jerks.

And this cat in particular…

"Your teacher invited him," Apollon explained, eyes flickering past me to the window and back. "The disruptions at Mount Eyrmanthus had to stop, or we would have personally gotten involved eventually. There are limits to what even a beast such as himself can get up to - or be allowed to - embodied Longinus or not.

He frowned at that even as he spoke.

"And that's another thing I'll have to look into in time."

I took that all in quickly.

"So he's just living out in the forest now? That's it?"

Why?

I mean, I kind of get it - being jumped by the gods because you were mucking about in their backyard and threatening to make a real nuisance of yourself was no one's idea of a good time, even if Regulus could make himself a lot worse than just a nuisance.

That doesn't mean he would want to - Hercules had ganked him way back when, and as big a deal as he was, the Olympians were even bigger. Looking for a fight with them after finally slipping the leash that had chained him to Heaven's System for thousands of years was probably right at the top of his 'When hell freezes over' and 'But why though?' lists.

But why come here?

Apollon must have read the question right off my face.

"I imagine he had no taste left for the place himself. Boar hunting is a game that dulls quickly, and the mountain range he terrorised likely lost its luster when he had his revenge. Chiron offered him a to put an end to the complicated mess, once and for all."

"So... that's it, then?"

Mission accomplished, just like that?

"Until he becomes a problem again, which he very nearly was, I am content to let the matter drop for now. Artemis is too, so all's well that ends well."

Then his eyes narrowed.

"Had he harmed you, rest assured that I would have been remarkably less content to sleeping dogs lie." He paused and tilted his head to the side. "Or lions, I suppose, but then we'd just be arguing semantics."

…huh.

I nodded slowly - and I actually believed him.

Not sure what to do with that realization either, so I shelved it and shrugged as casually as I could, given the circumstances.

"So now what?"

There was a pause, long and pointed.

Then the god sighed, and something about the sound put me right back on edge again.

"You've been out for about a day and a half."

I started.

"That long?"

"Healing you took only a fraction the time." Apollon offered, before sighing and pinching the bridge of his nose like he was trying to brace himself. "It was because of the other complication that I kept you under."

And there were the ringing alarm bells going off at the back of my head - I'd almost missed the damned things.

"Complication?"

If I suddenly sounded a little high-pitched, sue me. That's not a word you ever want to hear the literal god of healing say to your face.

Ever.

In response, Apollon inhaled before raising his head and looking me right in the eye.

Somehow, I managed not to jerk back from the intensity roiling around in there.

"Incinerate Anthem."

...

"What- oh."

I didn't even get halfway through asking before the memory hit me like a gut punch from the devil - and not Sairaorg this time.

In those last few minutes after Augusta's spectacularly gruesome death and the moment that I blacked right the hell out, I'd recalled Serpent's Downfall and nearly whited out from the pain.

But I'd still been conscious enough to feel my spear treble in my grip, and then I felt something else entirely flitting from it to me, and now that I wasn't in a whole new dimension of unspeakable fiery pain, the pieces clicked into place like clockwork.

My eyes went wide.

I knew exactly what Apollon - and all of it - meant.

After all, from all the lectures and the reading Chiron had made us sit through - and ignoring Regulus's whole irregular situation - Incinerate Anthem was pretty much the only Independent-Avatar class sacred gear on record known to be capable of leaving one user behind for another.

"Oh."

Instinctively, I closed my eyes and reached inwards the way I always did when I called up my divine power - only this time, I wasn't looking for the familiar warmth of sun-themed divinity.

I was looking for anything but that - and It only took me a second to notice it.

Power - only it wasn't mine.

Searing heat, and foreign power.

Holy power, and purple flames, and-

Damn it.

When I opened my eyes again, they were so wide the expression on my face was downright painful, the phantom image of a burning cross locked into place inside me and patiently waiting for just the tiniest poke or prod to come bursting right back out into the world on the double.

"Oh, God."

Apollon took that reaction in for all of a second before snorting and nodding sagely.

"That is the idea."

Great. More corny jokes.

Because that's exactly what this circus needed.

...​

"Let's begin, then."

So.

I didn't freak out.

That doesn't sound all that impressive on paper, since demigod heroes were supposed to be made of sterner stuff than regular mortals and all, but I think I deserve a few props for keeping a straight face after processing the fact that the sacred gear that had nearly, you know, incinerated my arm not two days ago on the dot had ended up using my spear as a glorified taxi service and latched onto my soul like something out of a supernatural lego kit.

Since no amount of panicked flailing and losing my cool would be enough to do all the nightmare scenarios popping into my head like pop rocks justice, I might as well not waste time getting hung up on any of them to begin with

That's maybe the smartest thing you've ever heard me say, I know, but none of my post-emergency practicality meant that I wasn't tense about all of this - and by tense, I mean I was hyper-friggin-aware of the fact that I had a pretty good example of the Abrahamic equivalent of nuclear ordinance wired into me from that second and every other one afterward.

Sounds fun, right?

"Breathe."

Apollon stood across from me, arms leisurely folded behind his back as he looked me over. The early morning sun rose up behind him and ended up framing him in a way that almost had to be deliberate, golden light and faint shadows cast against the backdrop of the garden right outside the house.

Very on the nose and everything - but not exactly helpful.

Needing the fresh air was the bonus perk of us taking this second walk out in the open, but the point was supposed to be figuring out what was supposed to come next, and having him stand there like a peppy gym coach with the most generic advice you could possibly aim someone's way was doing jack for me.

"I am breathing. All I'm doing is breathing."

He raised a brow my way, and I belatedly realized that I'd just talked back to him.

Crap.

"Sorry?"

"Don't apologize." He chided gently. "And don't push yourself. We have plenty of time."

That's where we'd have to disagree.

He was immortal - I very much wasn't, and I currently had a weapon of biblical mass destruction settling in to live rent-free inside of me after it jumped ship mid-fight without so much as knocking.

Sure, odds are I'd have locked the door and pretended not to be home if it had - at least at first, maybe - but it was the principle of the thing.

Having it just sit there in my soul playing high-stakes possum felt like having invisible hands strumming my nerves like guitar strings.

"Focus."

Right.

This shouldn't be hard.

Just a spark would do the trick.

I held out a hand in front of me and pulled on that foreign feeling I'd just found a little while ago, trying to gently coax it-

My hand went up in purple flames.

I flinched back so hard that my spine nearly cried uncle, and the flames winked out.

"Mother-!"

"Calm." Apollon's voice rolled over the air, heavy but not oppressive. The opposite, almost. "Don't let it startle you. You almost had it."

Little late for that, pops - my heart nearly beat the Olympic record for high jumps with how badly it jerked there, and for good reason.

That had been absurdly quick.

"I'm fine." I swallowed and cleared my throat, trying to play it off. "Just… terrible deja vu."

"Ah. I see."

He didn't tell me to stop trying, but I got the feeling that he wouldn't blink twice if I asked.

He might have even been waiting for it, too, because that last pause stretched a little too long for comfort.

Naturally, that made me buckle up and double down - Because I'm all kinds of contrary like that.

"I'm fine." I wasn't, duh, but 'fake it till you make it' was a classic for a reason. "Here goes."

My fingers spasmed as I centered myself and tried again, pulling on the otherness I was quickly getting more and more familiar with and, just like before, it chose to play ball and came surging outwards like a dog called to heel.

Whoosh.

Purple fire burst into existence again, almost eagerly, and this time I locked myself in place out of pure spite even as the flames covered one hand and then the other like they were swallowing up kindling doused and soaked through with kerosene.

Don't move

I kept my feet planted and my back straight, before focusing on the light show I was bringing to the surface with every passing second.

Controlling Incinerate Anthem's flames wasn't instinctive, like with my sunlight.

They didn't fight me or try to buck against the reins I was trying to loop around them, but I needed to put in a kind of conscious effort I'd never had to before.

Slow, and steady.

The flames warped. For a second, I could have sworn I felt... resistance, almost, like they didn't like that.

Like the gear didn't like that.

For all I knew, it probably didn't.

Great. Off to an awesome start already.

Then it happened again when I tried to push.

Not violent. Not messy.

But bucking against invisible restraints.

The flames started surging higher, and I unclenched my literally fiery fists and swallowed down the frustration beginning to well up in me before it fed into them and made everything spiral into something messy.

Sacred Gears are intuitive like that, aren't they?

Chiron still hadn't let me live down the flower bed incident - I didn't want to find out what would happen if I set the whole forest on fire, and let's not even talk about the house.

A minute passed.

Then two.

Three.

You get the idea.

"Steady." Apollon voice carried over, even if he made no move to step closer. "Affirm your control."

I'm trying here, I wanted to say, but nearly every bit of my attention was divided between watching the flames like a hawk and trying to reach for the sacred gear nestled inside of me with every ounce of control I could muster.

Come on!

A stray spark caught my eye, and I belatedly realized that there were little flecks of gold in there, mixed in with all the crackled violets and purples.

Familiar gold - my gold.

...

"Huh," I whispered, tilting my head a little to the side. "How about that?"

That's my power in there too.

Somehow, clicking that piece into place made something else inside of me straighten and sharpen at attention all at once.

Simmer down, I thought, then I commanded it aloud for good measure.

"Now."

Instantly, the flames shrank. The glow died down, and the heat dropped twenty degrees so abruptly that I only just clocked in on the fact that the temperature had been getting to me, beads of sweat running down my skin.

What an odd feeling.

"Better. Now dismiss them."

"Way ahead of you," I muttered under my breath, inhaling lightly before I willed them to die out. "And scene."

Like flipping a switch, they just vanished, and so did the aftertaste of Abrahamic Holiness.

No pressure, no recoil, no muss, or any kind of fuss.

It was almost eerie how quietly they faded away, though I probably couldn't tell you exactly why off the top of my head.

You had to be there, I guess.

"Well, I suppose it's official now." When I glanced up at him again, Apollon looked downright proud, even if he was quiet about it. Restrained, even. "The Holy Cross is undeniably yours. Congratulations are due."

That was….

"Are they?"

The question slipped out of me almost automatically, and Apollon paused, before looking at me funny.

"You tell me."

Figures.

I went to answer, and then I hesitated.

I know that, in theory, this was a good thing.

Not to beat on the dead horse here or anything, but this was a Longinus. - A shiny gizmo that would make almost anyone not already a monster of power in this world green with envy, assuming they weren't an absolute idiot who wouldn't know how to use it properly.

No, actually, scratch that - even an idiot could get plenty far with one of these, because almost all of them seemed to run on plug-and-play rules once you figured out how to tap into them.

All of that was true.

But...

"It's not really mine though, is it?"

Sure it was a force multiplier and a terrifying boost all wrapped up into one, but even getting past how flat-out dangerous this thing was, and how unreliable a weapon that could up and decide to ditch you halfway through a fight for whatever reason it felt like rolling with was - cough, Augusta, cough - it still boiled down to this one sticking point that stood out like a sore thumb.

"I guess just it feels like a cheat," I muttered and awkwardly rubbed the back of my head. "All this time training and I just get... handed a weapon like this?"

I liked getting stronger, but this wasn't like that.

I worked for all my other skills and tricks - this was just pure luck dialed up to eleven.

His brow rose as he took that it.

"You were hardly handed it, though I'll admit that circumstances worked out in just the right way for you to come out ahead, injuries notwithstanding." Pretty sure we both almost winced there. "And I'm fairly certain Chiron makes it a point to teach his students-"

"I know, I know." Ordinarily, I'd have never interrupted him, but the more time I spent around him, the harder it was to keep my hackles up without good reason. "A tool is a tool, and it's better to have the advantage and be safe than sorry."

It's why Sairaorg still trained with his weapons and took to his axe like a duck to water even if he preferred using his fists over any of them.

"But it's different when the tool is a god-killing weapon," I argued, running a hand through my hair. "I'm not in that weight class - not even close - and I don't want to get there because a Longinus carried me there."

Regulus had said something to Augusta, back in that valley.

About how Longinus wielders he'd met over the years had lucked out in ending up with one of them and let it go to their heads so far and so fast that they came out the other end as total tools, and not half as impressive as they actually thought the were.

I don't want that to be me - not that it ever would be, because I'm not an idiot, but... it still felt scummy.

Apollon just nodded knowingly.

"You want to get there on your own merits, do you?"

"Pretty much? I guess?"

"And should I be concerned that my son apparently wants to grow to kill gods himself, then? Deicide is a very tricky business, I'll tell you that much."

"Wait, no! That's not what I-"

Abruptly, he laughed.

"I know what you meant, and I am proud." That sent another jolt through me, and keeping a straight face suddenly became that much harder. "And if it makes you feel better, that new gear of yours is a 'Longinus' in name only, given that it has never actually been used to kill a god of great power in its own right."

What?

"What?"

"Oh yes." He chuckled after dropping that one on me. "Regardless of the propaganda, of all thirteen Longinus class Sacred Gears in existence, only five of them have been used to kill gods of significant, notable power."

He even held up a hand and started counting them off for good measure for good measure.

"The Zenith Tempest, The Boosted Gear, The Divine Dividing - on account of that horrific Juggernaut Drive for both." He added belatedly, "The Telos Karma too, and, of course, the one that gave them all their name-"

"The Spear." I finished for him, because it didn't take a genius to figure that one out. "The True Longinus, that which pierced the side of Christ."

Also known as the 'If you're not strong enough to snap your fingers and kill its wielder immediately, just leave' spear.

I'm not kidding - according to Chiron, that thing is just never worth the trouble.

"The very one." Apollon agreed. "So if you think that simply possessing Incinerate Anthem is enough to put you on that level, you're sorely mistaken - but in a good way, I would think. Ambition and the drive to act on it are only ever a danger when you let them overtake your good sense, and from what I've seen so far, you're hardly at risk of that."

...

Chiron might disagree with that.

Even if he didn't, that didn't make me feel better.

Or maybe they did, a little, but I was still hesitating, and I guess it must have shown, because he didn't stop there.

"If it makes you feel any better, Chiron is perfectly capable of sealing the gear while you train."

I perked up despite myself.

"Really?"

"Oh, easily. Even mortals with the right means can lock away Sacred Gears, and Chiron is far beyond that. I was tempted to do it myself, even, depending on how this conversation went. I was even prepared to remove it from you entirely."

...

"That's an option? Wouldn't that have killed me?"

That was how these things went, didn't it?

.... I couldn't remember.

He frowned heavily.

"Of course not. Any god of sufficient power and skill can remove a Sacred Gear from a mortal, though I'll admit they tend to be few and far between across pantheons. The exponentially more difficult problem is holding onto them afterwards and preventing Heaven's System from recalling them, but that's a whole other sort of matter."

Well.

The more you know.

"Then this isn't as big a deal as I thought?"

Even as I asked it, a part of me slowly started unwinding, and it finally felt like I could breathe a little easier again.

"Not particularly, no." He answered, almost cheerfully, and I nearly smiled.

I didn't want to get stuck with a cheat code and have it carry me through my fights - the idea felt gross in more ways than I could count off the top of my head - but if I could still level up without it, and if it was just another surprise up my sleeve...

...

Yeah, I could work with this.

Worse comes to worst, I could just have it sealed away or removed, right?

"Though to be fair, your possessing it will likely be… politically interesting at some point down the line."

On second thought...

"Politically interesting?" I asked gingerly, and he waved it off.

"A pagan demigod holding on to an Abrahamic Holy Relic, and that one in particular?" He shrugged. "There'll be... implications, both within and without our pantheon, but it's nothing for you to concern yourself with at this point."

"How come?"

And how exactly does he figure, because that doesn't sound like the walk in the park he's trying to make it out to be.

"Because I'll be dealing with it."

"..."

Never mind then.

The iron in his voice was a whole bucket of steaming no.

"I'll leave it to you, then."

"I thought you might." He agreed dryly. "Any more questions?"

I shook my head - I knew better by now.

"Then we're all done. Right on time, then. Your teacher and your friend are back, along with company."

"Comp- oh."

I saw them right as he stepped to the left, out of my line of sight - Chiron and Sairaorg, marching out of the tree line with Artemis of all people a few paces to the left, arms folded behind her back as her silver eyes narrowed at me.

Then she relaxed a fraction and nodded in greeting.

Chiron and Sairaorg, on the other hand, lit up at the sight of me.

Or at least Sai did.

Chiron just smiled, bemused, and raised his hand to match my wave.

Because of course he did.

"Hey!" I grinned properly this time. "What've you guys been- oof!"

That's when Sairaorg tackled me to the ground so fast we went rolling across the garden floor like an overgrown tumbleweed.

Because of course he did.

...​

"Pass the orange juice."

"Trade you for the bacon?"

"Done."

Breakfast that morning was a little surreal.

You'd think nothing would be that for any of us anymore at this point, but something about wolfing down sausages and toast with the god of the Sun and the goddess of the Moon on either end of the table respectively was a little... much.

Just a bit.

"Here."

I blinked as Apollon beat Sairaorg to the punch, leaning over to grab the pitcher before he could. Sai almost recoiled as the god leaned forward, not that I could have blamed him.

"Thanks."

"Drink." He chided carefully. "You need your vitamins."

Then he threw me for a loop when he held out his free hand, allowing a small, unassuming flask to materialize in his hand before uncorking it with his thumb.

Across the table, Artemis rolled her eyes.

"Really, brother? Mother-henning?"

"Not a word out of you." He wagged a finger her way even as he poured a few drops of what looked like liquid gold over into the orange juice and let it shimmer oddly before regaining its color. "I've seen you with your huntresses and their children. You have no room to talk."

"I have plenty."

"And I have pictures that say otherwise."

Her eyes flashed.

"What pictures?"

He smirked smugly before pouring me a glass and sliding it over with a conspiratorial wink.

"Apollon, what pictures?"

Like I said - Breakfast was surreal, like I'd been teleported onto the set of a cheesy sitcom.

I didn't hate it, though.

Then I took a sip of the OJ, and it felt like downing a glass of Gatorade mixed in with something warm and syrupy, which sounds absolutely disgusting, but trust me, it worked.

"Nectar." I blurted it out, and he nodded warmly.

"A little pick-me-up to kick off your day."

Nice.

"Speaking of the day, my lord and lady," Chiron finally spoke up after clearing his plate, looking as unbothered and at ease as he ever does around here even when both gods turned to stare him down. "Can we expect you to stay for lunch? Because I have quite the schedule planned for my students after we finish going over their quest in detail-"

Sai and I both winced, and I don't think I have to tell you why.

Use your imagination.

"-And I'd like to know if you'd prefer I plan around you, or invite you to take part."

"There's no need for the formality, Chiron." Artemis huffed a breath, and Apollon agreed with a nod.

"And we won't be imposing on you for much longer. I have to go see a group of wizards about some reparations."

The wording of that sentence niggled at me, but Chiron just raised a brow and nodded.

"The Land of Oz, then?"

"But of course."

"Poor fools."

"Fools, absolutely. Poor?" He shrugged, but his eyes flashed gold and back in a sudden burst that was full of implied meaning. "We'll see in due time."

I stared, and the pieces started connecting a little too quickly for my liking.

"Uh, is this about-?"

"Moving on now." Apollon clapped his hands and rolled over my words like a particularly gentle bulldozer. "Artemis has some business to share with the rest of the class."

All of us turned to stare at her, and she sighed.

"You're exhausting."

"I am a delight."

"You're something only arguably fit for polite company. Sometimes many things of that nature." She muttered, before abruptly sitting up in her chair and fixing her gaze on me.

Suddenly, the whimsical aura they'd had going for them all morning long seemed to vanish, and that distinct edge of godliness came careening right back to smack us all in the face.

"Nephew."

I nodded carefully.

"Aunt?"

"I gave you a task." She tilted her to the side. "One more dangerous than I had anticipated."

"We still managed it... technically."

We did find Regulus, and even if things had spiraled out of control pretty much immediately from there, that still counted as mission accomplished.

Probably.

I hope.

"Yes." She agreed easily enough. "And I owe you a promised reward."

And then she turned to Sairaorg, who swallowed but didn't flinch away.

"Devil."

"Lady Artemis."

"See that you don't give me a reason to regret this."

And before he could ask, she leaned forward and poked him in the middle forehead with her forefinger.

Bam.

The pressure in the room shifted, and Sai let out a quiet gasp and rocked back in his chair as a silver sheen flickered over his skin for a few seconds before wafting out again.

That wasn't hard to figure out either.

"You gave him your blessing."

To that, she merely nodded.

"I promised."

She said it like it was supposed to be answer enough, and I guess it pretty much was.

"A great reward indeed." Chiron agreed, before leaning over to pat Sairaorg on the shoulder. "As I'm sure my student will attest once he gets over the garbled shock."

Garbled shock was right - his pupils had expanded, and he was staring off against the other wall like it held all the secrets of the universe behind the plaster.

...I wondered what he was sensing through his senjutsu.

Chiron gave him a pointed look and waited patiently.

"..."

"...Any time now, student."

"..."

"...Daniel, would you-?"

I kicked Sai's foot under the table, hard.

What?

I'm not missing out on an invitation like that.

"Ow!" He yelped and his eyes shifted back from glassy to focused as he glared at me, before remembering that we weren't alone. "Oh! I- uh - thank you, Lady Artemis."

"It is only an edge, no different than the blessing I gave my nephew. Its value depends on your effort, though I'll admit that I will be expecting far more than I ordinarily would from a child. For a devil as young as you are, your spiritual growth is truly impressive."

It was a mild compliment, but it had a lot of weight to it.

Chiron seemed to agree, too.

"High praise."

"It is only the truth - and speaking of the truth, it's past time we took our leave." She shook her head, and gracefully rose from her chair. "Apollon."

"Fair enough."

I started when he rose too, and just as smoothly - I was expecting him to argue the point.

"That's it? You're leaving."

Just like that?

"Needs must. We both have matters we need to attend to sooner rather than later." He admitted, and he sounded genuinely putt-off about it too. You couldn't fake that kind of irritation. "But don't worry - rest assured, I'll be keeping an eye out for you, as ever and always."

Another time, and I might have been resisting the urge to tell him that that was the worrying part.

Except...

It wasn't.

Not as much as it would have been before.

"Thank you."

He sighed in exasperation.

"I've told you before, you don't have to-"

"No, seriously."

Then my mouth moved on autopilot.

"Dad."

He stilled.

I did too, but...

...

Eh, screw it.

I'll deal with the consequences when they blow up in my face and not a second before.

"Dad," I repeated, just to prove a point. To him or to myself was anyone's bet, though. "Thanks. I mean it. For-"

Healing me?

Sticking around and explaining stuff?

Just showing at all?

"-Everything." I finished, a little lamely, but I don't think anybody around me noticed, much less minded it.

Apollon stared at me for a long second, before breaking out into the warmest - and fondest - smile yet.

He even leaned over the table and ruffled my hair for good measure.

"I'll be seeing you, son."

And then he dissolved on the spot, fading a way in a wave of golden motes and vanishing entirely.

We all stared after him for a second.

And then Artemis clicked her tongue.

"He is going to be in an insufferably good mood for the rest of the day." She sounded exhausted, before flickering a tired smirk my way. "Well played, nephew."

Um.

"That's not why I-"

"Oh, I know." Her smile softened. "That just makes it better. Until next time, all."

And then she took a page out of his book and melted away in a shower of silver light, and both gods were gone just as quickly as they'd arrived.

...

For a long minute, nobody spoke.

Then I cleared my throat.

"So. That happened."

Thunk.

That sound?

That was Sai's head hitting the table and rattling all the plates.

Honestly, fair enough.

"Why."

"Why what?"

Genuinely asking here. There's so many reasons to be regretting all of our recent life choices that it's hard to settle on just the one.

"Everything."

Yeah, that tracks.

"That's the most insightful question I've heard from you all week, Sairaorg." Chiron mused, stirring a sugar cube into his cup with all the patience of a saint. "Well done."

I stiffled a laugh.

Sure it was this side of hysterical, but I had good reason a hundred times over at this point.

Sai did too, which made me hold back on the laughter a little more.

Then he looked up at me with this look, and I lost my smile altogether.

"Sai?"

"I'm sorry."

Woah.

He sounded miserable, like the word had punched him in the gut on its way out

"...What're you talking about?"

"Augusta."

...

Oh.

Oh.

"I sensed her, but she was there so fast and I didn't move in time-"

"Sai."

"-and the next thing I knew she the flames were burning across your bow and up your arm-"

"Sai."

"-so sorry, I didn't-"

"Sai."

He stopped.

Thank dad. That was getting physically painful.

"Stop it."

"I-"

"I'm serious."

"But-"

"I will lunge across this table and clock you in the face." I looked him dead in the eye as I said it. "You know I will."

He opened his mouth... then closed it again when he realized that, yeah, I totally would.

Didn't look any happier about it, though.

Chiron just snorted and sipped his tea.

Me, though?

"Dude."

I decided to nip this thing in the bud right here, and right now.

I held up a hand.

Then I closed it into a fist, and aimed it his way.

His breath caught.

I just grinned.

Silently. Not a word beneath us.

We didn't need them.

Slowly, he matched my grin, and raised his fist to meet mine, and all was right in the world.

"...I do owe you a bow, though."

"A bow-?" My jaw dropped - Augusta had destroyed my bow. "That b-!"

"Ahem."

-aaaaad woman! Right Chiron?"

Sai sniggered.

"Smooth save. Really."

I kicked him under the table again.

Chiron didn't seem to mind the squabbling.

There was a proud glint in his eyes as he looked from me to Sairaorg and back again, even if he didn't speak up at first.

Not until he took us both in, nodded to himself, and then started off with what was about the last thing I expected him to drop on us right then and there.

"A month. Maybe two at most."

Sairaorg and I blinked, glanced at each other, and went right back to staring at him again.

"...Which means...?"

"That's the time I'll be assessing you, starting from today. If I'm satisfied at the end of that period, I'll let you go off on your quest. Your real quest."

Sai choked, and I jerked back in my seat like I'd been electrocuted.

"What?"

It wasn't surprise, or excitement - just pure bewilderment.

That's what he was starting with?

Not the mess we'd just wrapped up with?

Not the gods who'd shown up and the up and left almost as quickly?

Why even? - wait.

Why hadn't he started talking about the mess we just wrapped up?

My eyes narrowed, and I squinted at him suspiciously.

Chiron wasn't like the two of us - or, honestly, just me. He didn't go off on random tangents without a reason or three behind everyone, and he sure as anything wouldn't start today, and now of all times.

"Why start with that of all things?"

Chiron smiled.

No, wait.

Let me rephrase that, just to set the scene.

Chiron smiled.

Sairaorg and I both paled on que.

"Because I'm being merciful." He said, almost gently. Almost. "I'm giving you something to look forward to before we begin. A light at the end of tunnel, so to speak."

And wasn't that the most terrifying thing I've heard all week?

Sairaorg swallowed.

"Begin?"

"Oh yes. Let's start by going over everything you did wrong two days ago, and how best to avoid such mistakes in the future." He smiled some more. "With practical examples."

...

"I should have stayed unconscious."

He didn't disagree.

"You really should have."

Predictably, my day went downhill from there.

...


Apollon internally when his skittish kid acknowledges their relationship:



View: https://imgur.com/PrdK9oc


Chiron, dealing with his dumbass students and the gods who keep circling them:



View: https://imgur.com/fdQ1apH

​

As always, leave your comments and ideas and if you don't like it, please be courteous.
Last edited: Jun 28, 2025
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Darkplayer35, Ender Wiggen and 1,048 others
Firewillreign
Jun 26, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Extra Canon Interlude - Dominoes Fall, With Lots Of Screaming Involved
View content
Firewillreign
Firewillreign
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 26, 2023
Messages888
Likes received82,880
Jun 29, 2025
Add bookmark
#1,361
A canonical interlude that takes place after the last chapter and before the next, and wasn't included before because it didn't quite fit the vibe and ending of the last one.
The Land of Oz.

Suspended in the Dimensional Gap and anchored to no one realm in particular was the magical domain and nation of Oz.

It first came to be when a rogue branch of the Grauzauberer magician's associations fell under new management when the original founder - a notably ambitious and suitably infamous mortal by the name of Johann Georg Faust - did what mortals tended to do with delightfully predictable consistency and just died.

Naturally, his death meant that control of his organization was passed onto his contracted devil - an infernal annoyance by the name of Mephisto Pheles.

Perhaps that explained the state of it in the modern day and age- it was, after all, quite literally godless from its very inception.

Regardless, a devil came to rule Grauzauberer.

Some accepted this.

Others didn't.

Dramatics of the explosive and murderous varieties ensued, and when all was said and done, the splinter group that parted ways from the original took to the Dimensional Gap and founded the Land of Oz as a new magical haven - and likely one audaciously impressive attempt at overcompensation, but that last part was anyone's guess in truth.

A nation rose, a land was established, divided between four witches of North, South, East and West and their elaborate castles and personal domains, and one gleaming Emerald City right in the center of it all.

And, again, all with very minimal divine interference, outside of patrons and interested meddlers.

There were plenty of reasons for that - but one of the greatest was almost insultingly straightforward once the chips were out on the table.

It wasn't their stomping grounds.

Most gods - as a general rule - were inherently unsubtle beings where it counted. Their very existence was a declaration of superiority, and their right to rule the world around them as they best pleased.

But the Land of Oz existed in the Dimensional Gap - And there was only one ruler of the chaotic void between worlds, and there existed not one being or god beyond the Infinite Ouroboros that would dare challenge the Apocalypse Dragon Of Dreams for his kingdom.

But that didn't mean that gods couldn't...pop in for a visit, so to speak.

They just had to be very, very careful.

Apollon liked to think he was just that, even if his arrival above the Emerald City of Oz was anything but subtle.

Sunlight bloomed above the gleaming city, and a wave of sheer power tore through the skies and painted it in shades of gold and fiery orange. The entire realm seemed to shudder as he materialised into being far above the Royal Palace, wearing an expression of deceptive calm.

Then he opened his mouth, and spoke.

"Hear Now My Words and Bow Your Heads."​

The words weren't just sound - they were universal meaning and almighty declaration, and everyone heard.

Everyone.

"I Am Hekēbolos - The Far Shooter."

"I Am Loimios - The Pestilintial"

"I Am Pythios - The Pythian."

"I Am Phoebus - The Brightest"

"I Am The Sun. I Am Apollon."

"I Am G̷̜̓̕o̴̢͎̻͆d̷̜͕̝͒̒."​

His eyes, his face - his entire form erupted with brilliant radiance, and his light shot forth and stretched until it could be seen and felt from every corner of Oz.

"And I Have Come For Judgment."​

Then he began to descend, and down below, the screams began in earnest.

...​

Across the Land of Oz, a goddess idly watched her brother's sweeping descent, before panning her gaze back to the castle and the sprawling estate.

Augusta Hawthorn had been this nation's venerated - if that was even the right word, which most would doubt - Witch of the East, and her inherited fief reflected the weight of that position.

Enormous, sprawling, and excessive from the sheer scope of its blackened walls and high-reaching towers to the near endless - from a mortal's perspective - layers of magical wards and defenses so thick that even the most mundane vermin would be able to sense them.

Artemis had seen infinitely better, but she wasn't here to criticize its former owner's terrible sense of aesthetics.

She'd come to support Apollon's demands for 'reparations' - where the sun went, the moon followed in orbit - but now that she was here, however...

She saw them.

The magic didn't stop her gaze from peering past the veils around the Castle of the East and deep into its bowels, where she sensed a disturbance she had no taste or patience for.

She looked past the wizards and retainers, the guests and the servants, all the various scuttling mice flitting about and scattering in a panic as her twin made his fiery presence known, and there she saw them, deep in the ground beneath all their feet.

Men, women, and even children.

Chained, collared, imprisoned in dungeons too small for comfort or dignity, sallow-cheeked and gaunt beyond any pretence of health or decency.

They were the lucky ones.

The others...

Prisoners. Hostages. Experiments.

Not her people, but nonetheless an affront to her domain more vile than anything she would ever suffer to exist.

Unlike Apollon, Artemis's divinity didn't build as a well-spring of pressure that crushed and crushed all around it before bursting out to consume everything for good measure.

She didn't bother with words or theatrics.

Instead, her presence lanced out brutally, instantly, and without an iota of mercy.

Inside Augusta's castle, every living thing still capable of movement froze at once as they felt it, breaths dying in their very lungs.

That creeping dread seeping in from every direction.

The flickering shadows shifting just out of the corner of their eyes.

The undeniable prickle of skin at the backs of their necks, the kind that would have them scrambling to whirl around and look for invisible eyes they knew with bone-deep certainty were there.

And watching.

Always watching.

The awareness of a hunter.

The hunter.

Good.

Artemis smiled, lightly - an expression that wasn't any kind of amusement, but the righteous rage that had quickly grown so cold and sharp it looped back in on itself and became something altogether more terrifying - and craned her neck to the side.

Considering.

Picking the first target.

Then she lunged and became a streak of brilliant and deadly silver.

With her, the prey never had a chance to scream.

...​

Chiron's Estate:

Deep in the forest, the annoyingly wily old centaur had negotiated as an incentive for him to play nice, Regulas sat.

Well, he wasn't quite sitting so much as lounging in lazy pleasure, happy to soak in the sunlight and enjoy the scents of open greenery at his leisure and the feel of the cool breeze ruffling his re-embodied mane, but the point still stood - and he didn't feel a single ounce of shame admitting that.

As far as he was concerned, he was due thousands and thousands of years of self-mandated vacation days, with interest, and now that he'd regained a corporeal form he fully intended to use them.

Adapting to his circumstances within the biblical bastard's gear and System didn't mean he'd enjoyed them, only accepted the absolute pain in the everything that reality had been while it lasted.

...Though it... wasn't all that bad, always, once he'd gotten past the initial indignity.

Sure, that had taken a few centuries that he'd spent locked into a frothing rage state that was just embarrassing to remember, but he was perfectly happy not bringing that little tidbit up, ever - and eating anybody that tried.

What?

He'll apologize for nothing, and any fool that criticises him probably has it coming in some capacity anyway.

Moving on now...

Time as a glorified tool had eventually hit a balance.

Less spiritually torturous, and more disgustingly tedious to the point that he'd have shaved his own mane if he'd had the chance, just to have something to do.

His wielders, though...

Some of them had been smears of all things pathetic, and their deaths had been hilariously entertaining.

Others were nothing special - just footnotes who'd lucked out and been graced with his magnificence.

And some, like his last and - if he had anything to say about - final one...

...

He closed his eyes and exhaled through his maw.

There was no point bringing those memories up now.

A score was settled, the debt was paid, and he'd gotten even in blood and carnage.

Enough was enough.

Now, he was home free.

In due time, once he was sure this was a permanent deal and not a glitch or a plot by Him and his sanctimonious pigeons, he'd probably hit the road.

Search out some entertainment. Have a little fun.

The Nemean Lion - the only one worth the name, because the rest of his kind were wimps until proven otherwise - was free, and the world and any number of walking problems and acceptable targets just beginning to be swatted around mauled had better brace for impact-

The air shifted.

A familiar scent hit his nose - deceptively tolerable and recognizable in a way that would have had a lesser lion recognize its source as one of theirs.

Kin, even.

But the irritating brat that was trying to sneak up on him was anything but.

For the love of-

Regulus rose and shook out his mane, eyes sharpening with annoyed interest before he barred his teeth and growled, the sound tearing out across the greenery like fine knives scraping against solid rock.

His presence was still contained, but that didn't matter.

When he let loose a sound like that, most smart, sensible creatures ended up fleeing for their lives like death had shown up at the door with a release form in one hand and a ledger of unpaid taxes in the other, but apparently, he wasn't dealing with anyone smart or sensible now.

Case in point?

Instead of bolting, the Vapula - or was it Bael? - brat froze, before sighing and letting his head drop not like a man facing a being who could make him an appetizer in the blink of an eye, but a child who'd been caught with hand in the cookie jar and folded on the spot.

Then he actually started walking up to him, slipping out from behind the trees and marching over with cheery determination in his every step.

"Hello again, Regulus."

"...Brat."

He grinned.

"It's Sairaorg, actually, but I'll allow it."

Cute.

Why was he here?

...

On second thought, he had a better question.

"Why do you keep coming back?"

Three times this infant had come into the forest looking for him - and yes, he knew what he was up to, he wasn't a fool - but Regulus had made a game of ignoring him, and this made encounter number four.

He hadn't paid any attention before, and for good reason:

The boy was to weak to go a few rounds with and would probably taste terrible given Regulus's track record with his species - and even if he wasn't, he neither had a taste for killing children and this one was off-limits for blatantly obvious reasons.

"Well, first, I wanted to check in on you!"

Regulus stared.

He didn't take it back.

Why wasn't he taking it back?

"...So help me, if you interrupted my nap for inane pleasantries-"

"-and I had a favor I wanted to ask!"

He paused.

"...A favor."

...

Well, if nothing else, then points for sheer nerve.

He wasn't even sure if the feeling bubbling up inside of him was amusement or irritation.

Eh, he's curious now.

"I'm listening."

The devil beamed.

"My friend is sparring over with Chiron. He's the new wielder of Incinerate Anthem-"

"Obviously." Regulus drawled.

He'd sensed that disloyal thing jumping ship the instant it made its move, probably helped along at the moment by the draconically greedy nature of the other brat's spear.

Or maybe he was off the mark there and something else was at play, but he genuinely couldn't care less in the long run.

"-and apparently I can't spar him for the next couple of days because of it." He looked begrudging, like he'd just barely accepted an argument presented for his own good. "Too risky. Something about the gear possibly being eager to jump out at me until Dan masters it. He's training with Chiron until he has it in the bag."

Regulus tilted his head to the side and idly licked his chops.

So that was where the stench of Abrahamic Holiness was coming from, way out in the distance.

He'd thought as much.

"And this my problem... how?"

The brat's smile didn't waver.

"I want to spar with you!"

...

"..."

"..."

"...What?"

"If my best friend is sparring with a Longinus to get stronger, it only makes sense that I do it too!" He nodded proudly at that flawless logic. "And since you're here, and probably bored just sitting around all day..."

Sitting around-?

"Do you have a death wish?"

Is that what this was?

Was the average infant devil more challenged in the head than the average adult?

If so, his opinion on the species had somehow managed to drop to a new low.

And he still wasn't sure whether or not his baffled confusion was going to transition into anger, but really, he'd more than earned the right to stop, stand and stare at this new-fangled idiot in disbelief.

"Nah. I can't die any time soon, I have too much stuff to do." the brat crossed his arms and held his expression even as Regulus' presence began to flicker ominously. "And you wouldn't kill me anyway."

"Oh?"

Call it fascination in stupidity, but this, Regulus just had to hear.

"Of course not." He answered easily. "You accepted guest rights from Chiron, right? Xenia?"

...

Damn it, he had.

"So you won't kill me, because I'm his student and I live here, and I have a pretty good feeling that your pride wouldn't let you break your own word like that." The brat hit the nail right on the head with a growing smile, and Regulus resisted the urge to growl again. "Also, you're a lot stronger than me - a lot - but I think I can last at least five seconds against you, which is more than enough time for Chiron to show up and stop you from pulverising me."

He raised a hand and ran it through his hair, and his smile turned a little sheepish.

"And call it teacher loyalty or something like that, but as cool as I think you are, Regulus..."

He looked him dead in the eye.

"Chiron's just plain old cooler."

No hesitation. No doubt.

Just blatant, rock-solid belief.

...

"Is that right?"

A few thousand years ago, that would have been all the provocation Regulus needed to leap in claws and teeth first.

These days, he still found it just a bit galling - but at least the devil had a spine.

"You have a funny way of asking for help."

That just earned him another grin - he did that a lot, didn't he?

"You can try and prove me wrong if you want." His spiritual power rose - Touki - as he held his fists up with barely leashed excitement. "Ready when you are!"

Just like before, no hesitation.

Just stupid determination.

And he was trying to goad him into this farce.

Regulus's jaw almost unhinged as he took the sight in, absent-mindedly raising his own power to match, and then casually exceeding the display in front of him.

This damned, precocious brat!

...

...

...

But you know what?

Why not play along?

His teeth glinted as he barred them again, this time in his own sense of growing delight.

He had been pretty bored - but he wasn't going to waste time on words.

Instead, he roared load enough to jump-scare the dead and dashed forward, and the brat - Sairaorg Bael - leaped gleefully into the worst beating of his life.

And things just got fun from there.

...​

As always, leave your comments and ideas and if you don't like it, please be courteous.
Last edited: Jun 29, 2025
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Darkplayer35, Ender Wiggen, Hodlum and 727 others
Firewillreign
Jun 29, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks We Kick Things Off With a Bang - A Concerning Number Of Them, Actually
View content
Firewillreign
Firewillreign
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 26, 2023
Messages888
Likes received82,880
Jul 4, 2025
Add bookmark
#1,416
Lots of stuff happening this chapter, and the quest kicks off! Just as planned, naturally. Everything is just peachy.

Trust me.

53 Days Later

Woosh.

Sairaorg and I accelerated from zero to twenty-thousand in no time flat, kicking off into a sprint so blisteringly fast it took less than a handful of seconds for us to zip past the speed where ordinary mortals wouldn't be able to register us anymore - not even as the two streaks of sparking gold and off-white Touki we became as we raced up the slanted mountainside and past the valley where we usually sparred.

The wind whistled past us and then got promptly left behind, and the sound of my blood pounding in my ears in time with the beats of my heart was about the only thing I could focus on past the crazy-overwhelming need for speed.

Probably because it doubled over as a great measuring stick when we clashed.

And boy, did we ever.

Boom.

Boom.

Boom.

We collided multiple times per beat, two blurs of light ramming into and against one another in quicksilver clashes that had the air between us cracking over and over again, the sounds of each hit echoing out like peals of angry cannon fire.

The force of each collision carried outwards too, and the ground underneath us buckled under the shockwaves before violently bursting up and off in every other direction but hitting nothing at all in ours, because we were already long gone and rocketing off into the distance before the impact ever settled in and had a chance to catch up to us.

Every single time.

It was like a dance, almost - the world's wildest supernaturally-powered tango this side of Olympus.

We flitted back and forth over the sprawling terrain, tearing past slopes and tricky ravines, shooting through dense greenery and unevenly jutting rock formations and pretty much zig-zagging across and uprooting everything in our passing until we reached just the right point and - on gut instinct alone - we both decided enough was enough.

One last impact, fiercer and more powerful than the last, and then we broke apart with gusto - Sairaorg's feet carved deep trenches in the dirt and stone under him as he bled off the force of the last double-footed kick I'd landed on him, and I used his rock-solid guard as a springboard to fling myself back through the air and into a flying flip so smooth I barely needed to inhale through it before I landed on the balls of my feet, knees bent and ready to bolt on the spot.

Our eyes met, purple on sky-blue, and we paused across from one another.

His arms stayed raised as he stood still, primed to throw hands on demand, and wordlessly waited for me to make the first move.

A second passed.

Then another.

On the third, I finally exhaled, right in sync with him, and the easy-going grin wormed its way onto my face before I straightened out of my crouch and started casually stretching out my arms and shoulders.

"Man, that was a good warm-up."

Sairaorg matched my energy with a short laugh before he started bouncing on his toes like a boxer who'd just stepped into the ring.

"Right? You've gotten faster."

I didn't deny it.

"Sure did, and right back at you."

And the best part?

I was dead serious when I called this a warm-up.

Neither of us had been going close to all out - not by a metric long shot, but now that we were here...

"Ready to kick things up a notch?"

Or three?

Sai smirked my way for an answer, dropping out of his rhythm and standing deceptively still as he waited, fists just as ready as before.

"Come at me!"

Hah.

Despite the open invitation - and the infectious excitement that always seemed to get to me when we started going at it - I didn't go at it just yet.

Neither of us did.

Part of this game was knowing when to to make a move, and that was almost always two parts instinct, and one part lucky gamble - and these days, I was actually racking up a good streak with those.

Sort of.

Probably.

...

Moving on now.

The breeze blew past us as we tensed and waited, ruffling my hair and brushing against my skin, and a shadow fell over us as a cloud lazily floated past and blocked out the sun.

Almost.

I took another deep breath, and my fingers twitched by my sides.

Sairaorg's smirk sharpened, and his fists bobbed just enough to be noticeable.

Wait for it.

The cloud drifted past, the interrupted streaks of warm sunlight came falling right back-

Now!

-and we moved.

I flew forward and snapped my hand out to my side, letting Serpent's Downfall manifest in my grip with a shower of sparks that never had a chance to hit the ground before I was planting my feet down and abruptly meeting Sairoarg's head-on charge with a wide, sweeping swing meant to drive him back.

It didn't - not really.

He shifted just so and tipped his head back enough
to let the amber-gold blade pass him by with a sharp, cutting whistle, and then quickly jerked forward again and threw a haymaker that could pulverize concrete, crumple reinforced steel like tinfoil and probably rearrange the side of my face into something you'd stop and stare at all funny-like in a modern art museum... right at said face.

Yeah, not today buddy.

Instead of flinching back the way I'd had way too many times before, I darted into the path of the incoming pain train before using the motion to spin around it and out of his guard.

Then I darted in and drove my knee up into his side, hard.

He may be the punching expert between the two of us, but that didn't mean I was a slouch in the monster strength department myself, and it showed.

Credit where credit was due though, because he only winced, grunted under his breath, and pivoted with another straight jab so sudden I only just managed to catch and brace against it with the haft of my spear.

Even then, the power of it still rattled my grip and ran right through my arms and up to the back of my teeth.

Ow.

I darted away the second he cocked the other fist, trying to circle around him before aiming a spear-jab down near his left thigh, then suddenly arcing up for a strike to his side I knew he wouldn't let land.

He hadn't in months.

Sure enough, he outright deflected it with a palm coated in Touki and moved to close in on me, the other fist still ready to mess up my day.

Called it.

I met his eyes, and he smiled.

I did too.

"Flashbang."

Light and overlapping sound burst out of me in a full-bodied wave, harmless in the long run but sharp as knives to all your senses at point-blank range, and he cursed and reared back on instinct.

Not a step back, and not even a stagger, but enough that he didn't press forward when I leaped away, putting space between us before angling my spear forward again and darting forward with a two-handed stab aimed right for his center mass.

"Oh, like hell!"

His palms clapped forward with another crack and a rush of displaced air, and he caught it inches away from his shirt between both of them like something out of a corny martial arts movie.

Very cool, I'll fess up to that much - but also a mistake.

In the heat - heh - of the moment, all up close and personal, it was easy to forget that Serpent's Downfall wasn't just your average reinforced polearm.

"Ignite!"

The blade lit up and burst with orange-gold flames right there in his hold, and Sairaorg ripped his hands away instantly. The Touki would have protected him from the worst of it, but that had to sting.

He also let rip a few choice words that would have had Chiron force-feeding him a bar of soap before making him write a three-thousand-word apology essay on the importance of respectful and courteous language, and in flowery cursive font too, but that's just a side note.

"Dan, you bastard!"

That too.

"Bastard is right, but only technically!"

"Technically my whole entire- rrrgghh!" He cut himself with an irritated growl and blurred into motion.

Whoo boy.

I cackled and sprang out of the way as he thundered towards me, swinging his arm at me in a sharp slashing motion that had his Touki surging out it in a fine, razor-bladed wave I needed to duck under on sheer principle.

It shot overhead anyway and sliced through both the air and the earth behind us with so much power that it probably cut halfway down the length of the mountain in one go.

Yikes.

That would have been hard to walk off, and Sairaorg didn't give me an inch before he was dashing towards me again and gearing back for a brutal kick I didn't even bother trying to dodge.

Instead, I locked on to a spot behind him and teleported in a flash of light, aiming my spear at-

Crack.

- nothing at all, apparently, because Sai didn't even turn around this time before slamming his foot against the dirt beneath him and letting his spiritual aura explode out in a titanic pulse with only a split-second's worth of warning.

The ground rumbled all around me, the grass glittering and writhing unnaturally, and then it was all surging straight up in one solid wave that immediately tried to close in on me like the jaws of a starving predator.

Crap.

I tried to launch myself up, but the air itself seemed to weigh down on me, lancing down in force to swat me out of the air.

Another senjutsu trick - not enough to stop me, but it slowed me down, just a bit.

And a bit was all Sairaorg needed.

I saw him coming - really I did - erupting through the wave of angry mountain he'd deliberately sicced on me as a cover, but I wasn't fast enough to dodge or strike out against him this time.

Or, actually, I was - only he surprised me by accepting the blow as I thrust thee spear tip at him, leaning to the side and letting it slice through his shirt and graze him along the ribs before he wrapped his left hand around the haft and stopped it solid.

It scorched him - enough that I could hear the sizzle - but he just smiled through the pain, right fist present and ready for duty, and finally caught me dead to rights.

Double crap.

I tried to let go, but I was too close and just a breath too slow to light-step away.

And we're three for three on the crap parade!

There was nowhere to go when he broke past my hasty, borderline sloppy defense and nailed me right in the chest, I swear my vision went white at the edges and stayed that way for a good long instant before I realized that I was hurtling back and down towards the earth like a skipping stone - and Sairaorg didn't stop coming.

Oh no - we don't play that nice around these parts.

My back hit the ground, the air in my lungs rushed out like someone had hit the emergency eject button and given it all the boot, and the next thing I clocked was the underside of Sairaorg's trainers coming down and at me, fast.

"Really?!"

I rolled out of the way and scrambled to my feet right as his landed hard enough to drive a crater into the earth, complete with spiderwebbing cracks reaching out all around it.

Then he leaped out and tried to backhand me into next year - tried being the operative word.

Another light step away, and I was thirty feet behind him and back in the game - at least until the hairs at the back of my neck reared up like hissing cats and I decided to make like one too, leaping up into flight before the first lance of hard packed dirt, stone, and natural energy shot towards me and tried to knock me out of the air.

Then it was open season, and a dozen of them were heading my way, courtesy of Sairaorg - each jagged and mean-looking, but nearly as tall as I was and just as wide, with wicked spike-like points that could have bored right through a less durable target.

They were his long-range answer to my arrows and teleportation, shaped entirely with senjutsu - another new trick he was starting to perfect, and probably one of a half a dozen he was hiding up his sleeve.

He didn't even have to move an inch to shape them - just focus and control his energy, and they came bursting out of the ground on command.

Impressive.

Scary too - But if you wanted to use projectiles against a son of Apollon, just plain old scary wasn't nearly good enough.

I threw out my hand in time to meet the next round, and a fiery beam of divine radiance so heavy you could have felt it moving ten blocks away scythed out of my palm and blasted them to dust on the spot, and with a backlash so intense he had to grit his teeth and flare his Touki far and wide just to stay on his feet.

Even then, it was a close call.

"Pretty neat, Sai," I muttered under my breath, eyes narrowing at him before I vanished again. "But let me show you how it's really done."

This time, I appeared higher up.

Much higher up - enough that the clouds were beneath me, the air was noticeably cooler, and Sairoarg was almost a speck hugging the ground far below.

That could change quickly, I know - he had wings and was just as fast on them as he was on the ground - but I had zero intentions of giving him another shot at me before I got my own in first.

And on that note...

Power surged through me on demand, and my eyes flashed gold before I cocked back and readied Serpent's Downfall.

"Archer's Volley."

Then I pitched down and launched it in a furious arc towards the ground, the spell already on my lips.

For half a second, nothing happened.

Then my blazing spear shot down through the clouds, and suddenly its image... fractured. Like shattered glass.

Then it multiplied, almost instantly.

One became two.

Two became four.

Four became eight, and... well, you see where this is going.

In the span of a single blink - less, even - one became hundreds, rushing down in tandem until there was nowhere left to get out of the way.

A conceptual spell that played on Dad's domain of archery and the myths of him blotting out the skies with raining arrows to strike down and smite his enemies.

Each spectral spear was something in between an illusion and a duplicate of Serpent's Downfall - only one was the real deal and had the lion's share of the power, but all of them were linked as one barrage and had their own 'weight'.

Just enough of it to really hurt.

Magic was tricky and trippy like that - but really, so was Senjutsu.

Case in point?

Sairaorg saw the barrage raining down on him from above and immediately raised a hand straight up before yanking it to the side, hard, and the air howled with the motion.

The spears scattered in mid-air like bowling pins, blown every which way as if a giant hand had swept them in no particular direction at all, and even the real Serpent's Downfall was pushed far enough away that it'd have never hit Sairaorg.

Shame that that was exactly what I planned for, and the second spell I'd layered over the first triggered right on schedule..

"Sickly Glory."

Instead of dispersing, the construct-spears did what most things tended to do in our spars and detonated spectacularly.


B̶͚̱͈̮͗̋̋̏̚ͅe̶̼̐͋̔͜h̵̳͖̣̝̄o̶̖̤̪͂̐̌͊l̶͔͐͂̀ḓ̵̞̭̲͆͑ ̵͈̻̮͎̆͋̀͌Ḡ̶̙̈l̶̪͉̜͔̒ͅõ̵̫͇̹̎r̸̳͂͆͒͑y̸͕̼͚̍̽̚t̵̘̋


Light. Sound. Feeling.

All of it swept out in a ceaseless rush, another conceptual spell that made my earlier flash bang look like a total joke.

Probably because it had been just that - a cheap, easy trick.

This used the original as a base, and then added in a sprinkle of the one domain of Apollon's that I'd touched on the least.

Plagues.

Or at least an idea of an aspect of them, focused on how they spread and overwhelmed the senses, bringing sudden - if just temporary - unwellness and generally being a total nightmare to shrug off in the middle of a fight.

Like an instant case of flu, if the virus somehow grew arms and tried to punch you in the brain.

It hit Sairaorg like a freight train to the soul, and his Touki visibly flickered. Underneath it, his skin paled a shade, too quickly to be natural, and his next step was almost a stumble.

A moment of weakness.

I saw all of this in real time, of course, because I'd already teleported in front of him and lunged full-tilt at him, not an ounce of hesitation between us.

Anything less and I'd have been right back to square one.

He met my stride anyway, but this time when he jabbed at me the blow only just succeeded in grazing my cheek, before I tilted out of the way and buried my fist in his gut hard enough that his whole frame shuddered.

Score.

"Two for flinching!"

Then I decked him across the face and watched his head snap back in a way that'd be smarting all day.

I'd have gone for a third, but I had to cross my hands over my chest and brace against the sudden foot he tried to plant there, and then I was suddenly ten feet away and shifting uneasily to regain my balance.

...

There was a pause, and neither of us moved beyond the shaking shoulders and the panting breaths.

"..."

"..."

Sairaorg eventually spit out a small fleck of blood and sighed at me in exasperation.

"...That was just cheating."

I shrugged nonchalantly - mostly bravado, obviously - and wiped some sweat off my brow with the back of my hand.

Ten-and-something months ago, a hit like that would have ended me.

Five months ago, it would have still been devastating and knocked a good chunk of the fight clean out of me.

Now?

It and every other one like it just hurt in a way that was more motivation than deterrent.

"Eh, maybe a little. But you use what you've got, and I'm not the one playing it close to the chest."

Not entirely, anyway.

He snorted at the jab, and I belatedly noticed that his colour was already inching back to normal. Touki was a less immediate form of power when compared to magic, but boy was it convenient when you got going.

"Heh. Fair."

Then he opened his mouth and roared.

Not screamed.

Not yelled.

Roared - with a capital 'R'

It wasn't just sound, or force that smacked into me at speed, but sheer presence.

Some blend of spiritual aura and Touki that felt tellingly familiar, but I didn't have time to focus on that.

My hackles rose. My senses sharpened.

Something big was coming.

Knowing that, I charged back and recalled Serpent's Downfall.

For once, Sairaorg didn't press the advantage and follow after me.

Instead, he took a meaningful step back himself and steadied his stance. Wind swirled around him, and power crackled in the air, first metaphorically, and then very literally as sparks of synergising natural energy started dancing up and down his form from head to toe.

Then it very deliberately started coiling around his fist.

Because where else would it go?

That's about the point where Serpent's Downfall came flying back and slapped into my waiting palm, and I decided to really cut loose.

There's no kill like overkill, after all.

"Ignite."

The spear seemed to vibrate in my grip, almost eagerly, and then its flames began to spill out everywhere, quickly spiralling up into a blazing pyre big enough to give the collective population of Greece's fire fighters the mother of all heart attacks.

This time, though, it wasn't just a wild blaze aimed in one general direction and let loose on demand.

This time, I shaped it.

"Remember," I whispered to the spear, and the vibrations seemed to grow stronger. "Remember your roots."

Behind me, the pyre I'd summoned seemed to jolt sharply, and then it began to warp and transform.

Wings emerged first, ephemeral but blanketing and enormous.

Uneven scales hardened, or tried to at least, and clawed feet took shape beneath the growing body.

A tail shot out next, long and sinuous, and it went from there.

If I'd had more time, it would have come out better.

Bigger. More powerful and structured. Less... blatantly incomplete, because I'd only just had the idea for the spell a little while ago and hadn't had a chance to work out all the kinks.

But Sairaorg had already beaten me to the punch.

Pun, absolutely intended.

He took a step towards me, and it felt like the gravity tripled, and the world trembled. His eyes panned up to the monster taking shape behind me, and he raised his fist in challenge, coated in a miniature sparking tornado that glowed in shades of white and green and radiated danger like an apocalypse just waiting to be let off the leash.

"Ready or not-" He bellowed out loud, half-laughing and half-challenging, and for a moment, I had a flashback to our very first spar.

It felt like a lifetime ago, in the best way possible, and the delighted smile on my face as I finished that old line for him must have been borderline terrifying.

"-Here I co-!"

"Enough, I think."

Instantly, the moment shattered.

I mean it, too - If this were a cartoon, you'd have heard a comedic record screech right about now.

A familiar bolt of green magic lanced in from the right, far too fast to evade. It split down the middle the second we realized it was coming our way, and the first half bounced right for Sairaorg and smacked into him like he owed it money.

"Aagh!"

Aagh was right - something happened, the space around him glitched, and the natural energy just... spilled out of him and across the clearing like water from a broken dam, enormous in quantity but somehow rendered harmless with stupid ease.

The second lunged for me and knocked Serpent's Downfall right out of my grip, and it stung like dipping a cut into icy lemon juice.

"Hey!"

On cue, the pyromanical mess I'd lit into existence popped like a balloon, falling apart and dispersing into nothingness as the flames that made it up winked out of existence.

The whole thing took all of two seconds, and then it was just us, looking all winded and bruised and probably more than a little dumb.

Then we turned around.

Chiron stood a little ways away, arms crossed over his chest and wearing an expression that was basically universal to all teachers who were utterly done with your crap.

'Unimpressed' didn't do it justice.

"Students." He started, and in exactly the tone I knew spelled terrible things for the rest of my downtime today. "When I left you here while I went off to run some errands, I do believe that I instructed you to spar lightly."

Yeah, he had.

Sairaorg and I exchanged a look.

Quick, brain, think of a good excuse!

"We were being... proactive?"

No! Bad brain! Why do you always do me like this!?

Sairaorg cringed and twitched like he desperately wanted to nail me in the shoulder, but he still tried to smile and play along.

"Just the way you taught us, right Chiron?"

The centaur snorted dryly.

"A brave attempt. Points for effort, but you're not getting out of the woods that easily."

We deflated, and his lips curved upwards.

"We'll discuss the consequences back home. Until then," He turned and started trotting down the mountainside. "Lunch."

Slowly, we watched him canter off.

Then I leaned over and nudged Sairaorg in the ribs.

"'Just like you taught us?' Seriously?" I sniggered. "Suck up."

He groaned dramatically and tried to swipe at the back of my head.

"Don't start with me, moron! Next time give me something I can work with!"

Honestly?

Fair enough.

I pressed a softly glowing hand against his shoulder and carefully began patching the pair of us up, and way up ahead, Chiron started to chuckle fondly.

...​

I love magic, and for a whole bunch of reasons too, but one of the best selling points off the top of the list has just got to be the sheer versatility it paid you back with once you put in a little effort to actually get good at the stuff.

I mean, one second you're using it to lob landscape-reshaping fireballs at your enemies, and then the next your millenia old and literally mythical teacher is summoning picnic tables out of thin air and declaring open season on a stack of awesome-looking sandwiches and a pitcher of iced tea.

It was the ultimate pocket tool kit - What's not to like?

Anyway, there we were, scarfing down our food like there was no tomorrow, when Chiron suddenly pulled a surprise on us.

"The reason I told you not to spar too roughly," He began, and the admonishment in his voice was tinged with exasperation. "Was because I'd have preferred that you didn't tire yourselves out or make a mess of one another before an old friend of mine came to visit."

Huh?

Sairaorg's brow rose, and I swallowed a mouthful of sandwich and wiped the crumbs off my face.

"Friend?"

"Visit?"

Then I stiffened a little.

"It's not another god, is it?"

Because for all that I could look back and safely say that my track record in meeting Olympians was - so far - pretty much golden all around, I still didn't want to tempt the fates on that one any time soon.

"No, of course not."

Ah.

I relaxed and took another sip of my lemonade.

"Cool? So who are we meeting?"

"You'll see soon enough." He answered patiently. "Unless he's running late, and I doubt that he is, he should be arriving right about... ah, there we go."

A few feet just outside the small glade where we'd set up our instant picnic, a spell circle began to take shape. Violet geometric patterns locked into an array, and then shapes began to bloom out from its heart - only one actually moved, though, and it was that one that had me pausing and pulling a double-take.

I couldn't help it - the bald, amber-eyed and bearded cyclops was a blast from the not-so-distant past, in appearance at least.

In terms of the power I could sense form him, though, he made the three others who'd nearly murderised me once upon a time look like absolute chumps.

He stood at eight and something feet tall, wearing baggy linen pants and nothing from the waist up to show off a body that looked like a bodybuilder's with lego bricks for muscles and enough gnarly scars and pockmarks across his bronze tanned skin that you'd think someone had lobbed him into a giant fruit blender and left him in there overnight.

Two long rectangular wooden crates hovered behind him, and he was carrying a large metal suitcase in one hand that gave off a strange feeling - familiar, but only just.

A question for later.

"Chiron."

Even his voice matched his looks to a T - deep and gruff, but unbroken.

"Old friend." Our teacher moved forward to greet him, and Sairaorg and I both stood in sync just as their hands clasped against one another's forearms in a strong, meaningful grip. "Always a pleasure to see you."

"Right." The cyclops seemed to brush the sentiment off, but he didn't deny it. Then his eye panned over to us. "You've got company. New students?"

"Indeed."

"Thought as much." He grunted and looked over the pair of us. "Weren't you out of the hero-training business?"

"What can I say?" Chiron smiled enigmatically. "Even the best-laid plans of gods and beings can change with the winds, and sometimes we are all the better for it. But enough of that - introductions first."

He turned to us and clapped a hand on the cyclops's shoulder.

"Boys, I give you Brontes, direct descendant of the Elder Cyclops of the same name."

That's.... hold on.

It only took me a second to place that name.

Brontes - as in, Brontes, Arges, and Steropes, the three Great Cyclopes who forged Zeus's lightning bolt in the fires of Tartarus itself.

Or himself, depending on how you looked at it.

That's...pretty cool, actually.

I didn't say it aloud though, and Chiron pivoted right about then and gestured over at us.

"Old friend, my students. Sairaorg Bael, an abrahamic devil of the Underworld-"

Sai nodded politely and raised a hand in greeting.

"-And Daniel Winchester, son of Apollon."

I threw up a peace sign and smiled lightly.

"Hello."

The cyclops blinked in surprise - or at least I think he did.

It was harder to tell with just the one eye.

"That's...Hmm." His voice didn't lose its gruffness, but there was a smidge of interest there now. "An unlikely lineup. Wouldn't have expected to find one of his kind with you of all people. And one with a strong, infamous name too. Odd."

That was aimed at Sairaorg, but there was no real feeling there beyond curiosity.

Then he glanced back at me.

"And this one - a demigod. His demigod." He leaned back a little to look me up and down. "The sun lord hasn't had one of them in a long while now, not after that mess a few centuries back-"

Mess?

I frowned, but Brontes wasn't done talking yet.

"- and he's here with a devil of all things. That must've gone over well."

The sarcasm was about as dry as a sun-bleached bone in the middle of the Sahara, but Chiron shrugged it off easily enough.

"Lord Apollon has given his approval, if rather indirectly."

"Hah. 'Indirectly." The cyclops grunted again in amusement. "I'll bet."

It didn't take a genius to realize that there was something Sai and I were missing.

A story somewhere in there that we hadn't been clued in on, but I only had to take one look at Chiron's expression to get the message.

Later.

Fine.

I was curious, but I could wait.

"You're staring, boyo. Never seen a cyclops before?"

And there was Brontes, looking at me again.

"I have, actually." The answer came out automatically, and I'd make an excuse for that, but at this point, I've just accepted the fact that my mouth is an autonomous entity stuck to my face that only plays ball whenever it feels like it. "Three of them. They stalked me at my school, and then they chased me home and tried to eat me."

Sure it happened in another world entirely, but that's the beautiful thing about low-key trauma fuel - It was nice and viable no matter where you went!

"That right?" Brontes's brow rose. He glanced sideways at Chiron, but the old centaur just raised a mug he'd pulled out of precisely nowhere and took an unbothered sip. "You get any names?"

"Nah. No time for that before we got down to business, if you know what I mean. I just end up calling them Dumb, Dumber and Dumbest in my head whenever I think about that night and that usually does the trick."

"..."

"..."

"...Which, now that I say it aloud and in present company, sounds kind of lame, but..." I shrugged a little sheepishly. Behind me, Sairaorg stifled a laugh. "In my defense, again, they were trying to eat me."

And they would have probably managed it too, if they weren't quite so... you know.

Dumb.

Brontes seemed to take that in for a long, long second.

"I take it they're dead?"

I didn't hesitate, par say, but I was careful about spilling the next part.

"Done and dusted."

Literally

Another quick pause.

Then Brontes surprised me by tipping his head back and belting out a short, sharp laugh.

"Good on you. The world's a messy smear of a place as it is without idiots who go after infants making it more miserable and giving the rest of our kind a bad name."

"Than - wait. Infants?" I stared up at him indignantly, and Sairaorg had to turn around entirely this time, shoulders shaking in mirth. "I'm nearly fifteen!"

"Right. Big difference. My mistake." He smirked over my head at Chiron. "Ready to see the goods?"

Goods?

"Please, by all means." Chiron leaned his head forward a little. "Whenever you're ready. My students certainly won't be going anywhere."

"I never leave my forge without being ready. You know that much."

"So I do."

Brontes snorted, before taking a step forward and dropping the suitcase onto our picnic table.

Then he turned around and snapped his fingers.

The two hovering crates behind him jerked, before drifting closer to us and, with a sound like an eggshell cracking, promptly disengaged on the spot.

And inside was...

Was...
...
...

You've gotta be kidding me.

Mannequins.

Two of them, plain and unassuming, like pretty much anything you'd see through a storefront at the mall or across a busy street.

That wasn't the stunning part, though.

Instead, it was the two suits of brilliant armour hanging off of each of them that had me gawking.

The helmets were perfectly shaped and open-faced from the front, and the chest plates beneath them gleamed in a shade of brass-like luster that practically spelled Orichalcum, form-fitting in a way that only light-weight, magical metalwork could make practical.

The shoulder guards were only a little more pronounced, and the bracers and greaves glinted in the sunlight in a way that was impossible to miss.

One of them even had a shield hanging off one arm - a Greek Aspis, round and engraved with a pattern of pillars converging in a single circular spot in the middle.

No idea what that was supposed to mean, but it somehow fit anyway.

The rest didn't count as traditionally Greek by any metric, from any era I could name off the top of my head.

Oh, it looked close, but I'd seen pictures before. Both sets had little additions here and there, a hint of mail fusing the metal to make it function better and just stuff added in to make everything more usable in the long run.

Even then, they still managed to hit the broad strokes in a way that meant nobody who wasn't an expert and wasn't looking for them would be able to spot the differences.

It was incredible - enough that I had to open and close my mouth several times before I found the right words to splutter out, and even then Sairaorg beat me to the punch.

"These are for us?"

"No, why would you think that?"

We nearly face-faulted in sync - seriously, a punch to the soul would have been less painful - and Chiron made it three more seconds before cracking up heartily.

"Just kidding."

My eye twitched.

"Really?"

"That was mean, Chiron." Even Sai was giving him the gimlet eye. "Just mean."

Naturally, our teacher was unrepentant.

"The looks on your faces were priceless."

See?

"Hah." Even Brontes looked like he was enjoying the fun, if from a distance off to the side. "You've got a colourful pair this time around, old friend."

"It's part of their charm. Give it time, and they'll grow on you." He turned back to us with a smile. "Now, are you going to stand there all day, or are you going to try on your new armour?"

Forget the spar earlier - neither of us had ever moved so fast in our entire lives.

...​

The armour slipped on like an old glove.

Form-fitting, just like I'd thought, and every step, movement and little twitch I took in it was almost unfairly easy - effortless, even.

My range of motion didn't decrease an inch.

I even ran around and cartwheeled in it just to push myself a little, and the weight didn't even register.

Gods, I loved magic.

"This is the most amazing gift anyone has ever given me in my entire life." Sairaorg sounded downright reverent once he was down with his jumping jacks. His knuckles rapped against his chest plate with neat, metallic pings. "Amazing."

"Word." I agreed, pulling the helmet off my head and going for the shield next. "This must have cost a fortune."

Like, enough that even I would have felt it, with all the treasure I had under my belt.

Orichalcum wasn't cheap, and having something of this quality forged was a big deal - odds are it got that much bigger when the dude doing the forging descended from someone so legendary.

Brontes seemed to agree.

"It would have, but I owed the old horse a few favours. The materials he provided also helped cut down on costs without sacrificing quality - dragon's blood to light the forge, and that... tricky metal that came with it."

I stared at him for a minute, before looking back at Chiron.

"You used Smaug's blood, didn't you?"

"I did."

"Huh."

So that's where some of that stuff got off to.

Good to know.

"And the metal?" Sairaorg piped in, holding his new helm under his arm like a football. "What's that about? It's Orichalcum, right?"

"I picked up some trinkets from Smaug's lair myself, as you well know." He could have said Erebor, but I got the sense that he was being vague on purpose - Brontes was standing right there, and he wasn't hiding his interest either. "Trinkets, books, and a handful of weapons I noticed were made of a thaumatically active material not unlike Dwarvish silver in luster. Even the names were similar - Mithril, instead of Mithral."

Talk about a coincidence.

"The names are similar, but the material isn't." Brontes seemed to grouse. "I can smelt and work with Mithral easily, but this was different. Good, strong defensive properties, and comfortable to work with, but there's a subtle power to it - potential I haven't learned to tap yet, even. It's given me some inspiration."

Then he smiled, teeth flashing.

"I look forward to the challenge."

"...Cool? And thank you for all your hard work?"

Sai had already thanked him for both of us, plenty, but it would have felt wrong and ungrateful not to add my own two cents to that pile.

"It is." Brontes agreed without addressing the thanks past a nod, before looking back at Chiron again. "You have any more of it on hand? I'm open to a trade."

"Not at the moment, unfortunately. We'll have to get back to you on that one."

"Shame."

And he sounded like he meant it too.

"Indeed, though now that we've stepped into the matter of rare materials and their uses, I do believe I have one more commission to go with the rest?"

"Right." Brontes gestured to the suitcase on the table. "Go ahead."

Chiron looked pleased - and maybe just a little excited, in that muted, responsible way of his.

"Sairaorg, if you would?"

"Wha-oh. Uh, sure?"

He was confused as he walked up to the thing, but I suddenly had a sneaking suspicion that I knew where this was going.

A good one, though.

"Do I just - oh."

Sure enough, the suitcase clicked open as soon as his fingertips brushed against it. The lid popped out in quick succession, and nestled inside were...

Sairaorg sucked in a sharp breath, and I don't think anyone present could have blamed him for it.

Just like the armour, the red leather gauntlets were a work of art.

Laid out in silk, perfectly sized and glinting a shade of red that managed to make every carefully polished scale running across them pop out to the eye, and never mind the familiar feeling and the reek of magic they gave off.

"These are..."

"I thought it was a might unfair that only Daniel should benefit from Smaug's death directly with that spear of his, given that the kill was a team effort," Chiron explained warmly. "Hence, these gauntlets. They are no Serpent's Downfall, but they have their own dragon-rejecting attributes, and the quality of their make and the enchantments laid into them are more than potent in their own right."

"..."

"..."

"There's more to them than just that, the same as Daniel's shield - there's a reason only he has the one between the two of you - but I'll let you both discover those secrets on your own."

Sairaorg gaped at him.

Heck, I gaped at him.

"Mouths closed, students of mine. You'll catch flies. And do try them on, would you? They're not simple decorations to gawk at."

Good point.

Slowly, I smirked and raised a hand.

"I mean, if he doesn't want them-"

That snapped him out of his funk, and he barely let himself shoot an amazingly grateful look at Chiron before glaring at me in mock-outrage.

"I'll throw you over the horizon."

"I can always teleport back."

"Not after I'm done with you you won't."

"Oh? Wanna test that theory?"

"Try it, and I will throw you both over the horizon," Chiron said flatly, and we both broke apart and tried to look innocent. "Sairaorg, put your gauntlets on."

"Yes sir!"

As expected, they fit perfectly, all the way up to a point just under the elbow.

"This is so - woah!"

In a flash of red gold light, the gauntlets shimmered and morphed right before our eyes. In an instant, they melted from something hard and slightly menacing in the best way possible into what looked like a pair of nearly skin-tight fingerless biker gloves, complete with faint - very faint - gold accents.

Just like that.

"And that there's the... let's call it an incognito mode, for the benefit of subtlety. Excellent work as always, Brontes."

The cyclops snorted and seemed to wave it off, but I think he was pleased by the compliment anyway.

"You said they killed this Smaug dragon?"

"I did."

"On their own?"

"Yes."

"You weren't there to nudge things along?"

"Nowhere close, I'm afraid. You could even say that I was a world away."

I almost laughed - now that's an inside joke.

"Hn. Wouldn't have expected that, either. Where would they have even found... ah, to Hades with it. Not my circus and all that." He gave us another collective once over. "Tougher than they look?"

Chiron's smile transitioned into something that was almost a smirk of his own, edged with pride.

"You have no idea."

"So it's like that, eh?"

They kept talking amongst themselves, but Sairaorg wasn't paying attention to any of that.

Instead, he was turning his hands over and back as he checked out his new gear, before he raised his head and looked me dead in the eye with the expression of a devil who had seen the light of God - or gods, take your pick - and somehow not been turned to ashes by it.

"I'm never taking these off." He said to me, very seriously. "Ever."

"You expecting an argument or something? I'm already planning to sleep in this armour."

It wouldn't be uncomfortable - that's how light the thing was.

We nodded firmly and shook on it for good measure... then we started snickering helplessly.

Behind us, Chiron just shook his head and pinched the bridge of his nose to his nose in a half-hearted attempt to hide his smile.

Behind him, Brontes just sighed.

"Children."

"True." Chiron agreed. "The very best of them, I would say."

"You're biased."

"That I am," Chiron admitted easily enough. "But for good reason, many times over."

The burst of embarrassing warmth that came up in me was something I wouldn't admit to on pain of death.

"You'll have to tell me all about it some other time."

"Perhaps we should have a get-together in... say, a week? Odds are my students will be away on some personal business then, and we'll have the day to catch up."

I stilled.

Sai pretty much stopped breathing.

If Brontes noticed, he didn't show it.

"I have many commissions lined up. Plenty of work to get through."

"No time at all? Not even an afternoon for tea?"

There was a pause.

"...The old Corinthian blend?"

"The very one."

"...Damn you, you wily old centaur. I'll make the time."

Chiron chuckled good-naturedly and clapped him on the shoulder one last time.

"And I shall look forward to it."

And that was the end of it.

Brontes nodded once at all of us, and then confidently stepped right back into the middle of a quickly forming spell circle, letting himself be whisked away to parts unknown in the blink of an eye.

Then it was just us, standing around in the sudden silence.

Our teacher was, as ever and always, perfectly content to wait for us to ask the obvious question heading his way.

And Sairaorg had been waiting months - and what must have felt like an eternity -to do just that.

"Chiron. What you just said... does that mean-?"

He stopped himself short and hesitated, torn between worry and hope, and I picked up the totally warranted slack.

"It's been two months, almost." I reminded him quietly. "And you did make a promise, teach."

We'd sparred every day.

Trained until our bones cried uncle and our bruises had bruises looking to quit.

Pushed past every limit like we were on fire and the extinguisher was on the other end of the line.

Now we just needed an answer.

Chiron knew that too.

"Are we there yet?"

He didn't say anything at first.

Instead, he looked at me, and then at Sai and back again, standing there in our new armour and waiting so patiently you'd think he was on the verge of revealing all the secrets of the universe and then some.

He took all of that in.

Observed.

Considered.

Contemplated.

Drove our combined blood pressure through the roof and beyond as the seconds ticked by.

Then he dipped his head and exhaled, and that small sound was somehow deafening

"How quickly you've grown." The words drifted under his breath, before his gaze rose again and he nodded. Once. "You are ready. In a week, you may set out on your quest."

I inhaled.

Sairaorg reared back so fast the air around him parted with a sound straight out of an electric hair dryer.

A week.

I'd have laughed, but the sudden surge of nerves was sharp and probably something I should have seen coming.

It was real now.

We were going to do this.

Wordlessly, I nudged Sai.

He probably didn't even feel it, and the look in his eyes was a little glassy.

Overwhelmed with so many emotions he didn't know what to feel besides the crippling urgency.

"I-" It sounded like finding each and every word was a fight all of its own "I need to...tell Regulus."

Of course

Chiron didn't look surprised either.

"Then you had better get running. We can cover all the many, many details later."

That was most likely for the best, because Sairaorg wasn't in any kind of a state for a conversation.

He proved it a second later when he nodded in a way that wasn't all there, then turned and started sprinting away.

To the house.

That was miles and miles over the horizon.

"It'll be a good run." Chiron seemed to read my mind as we watched him blur away, already a dot shooting off into the distance "Enough time for him to think, and for us to get a spar out of the way."

Come again?

"You want to spar now-?"

Then I ducked as his staff swiped through the spot where my head had just been.

"This will give you time to think." He reasonably countered my irritated look. "And a chance to test out that new armour. Both are much needed, I daresay. Now, unless you had some other pressing question...?"

About the upcoming quest?

...

Back home?

...

In my world, with all the craziness it had going for it?

...

Yes, actually.

"I...kind of need a favour."

Something that had only just occurred to me on the spot, but was way too important not to bring up right then and there.

Chiron raised a brow.

"Oh?"

I told him.

He mulled it over, before nodding more to himself than to me.

"An interesting request. Impress me, and I'll consider granting it."

That made me smile again, finally, because we both knew he was lying.

He was already on board.

"Thanks, Chiron."

He answered that one by coming at me, staff at the ready.

I let my iron control slip, and something inside of my soul immediately answered the unspoken call.

Let's go, Incinerate Anthem.

The world lit up with a purple blaze, and I jumped into action.
...

​
Uncle David stared at me funny, before closing his eyes and scratching at his ear in that same way he always did when someone threw a curveball at him and he had no clue what exactly you were expecting him to do with it.

"Come again?"

What'd I tell you?

It was the middle of the afternoon on a Friday, and we were sitting around the dinner table in the kitchen - and I mean our dinner table, back in Maple.

Besides the remodelled living room - remodelled because it was a total write-off after our van came flying through the wall by way of a homicidal cyclops - it looked almost the same, and they'd moved back in a while ago. Long enough that I'd gotten into the habit of visiting every now and again when I had some downtime to spare, and I'd even spent the night a couple of times here and there.

Kind of had to on that one. Katie and Alex would have mutinied if I didn't.

Such was the terrible tyranny of little sister-figures everywhere.

Fun fact: They actually managed to salvage the van.

Don't ask me how, though.

I've met gods, but that there was a real miracle.

Funner fact - or not: Somehow, because of the Mist and its shenanigans fiddling with the details behind the scenes, people gossiping like it was a professional career and me disappearing for months after the fact, the story of what happened that night... took an interesting twist in the mortal world.

See, just about everyone in town was convinced that I'd gone all crazy delinquent out of the blue and tried to take the van for a joyride, before messing up and driving it into the house like a family-friendly wrecking ball on wheels.

Then, apparently - because this stuff just gets better and better before the end - I got shipped right off to a strict boarding school for being such a colossal screw up, the kind where they dress you up in stuffy uniforms that should qualify as cruel and unusual punishments on their own and spoon feed you discipline after every lecture like cough syrup.

So... yeah.

Thanks, Mist. Real classy.

Sairaorg had laughed until he cried when he found out, and I still wasn't sure whether to find it hilarious or humiliating, but trying to figure out why people were so quick to believe that I was a platinum-class jerk could wait for later, because Uncle David was still staring.

"Well?"

I shrugged and tried to look carefree.

"How do you feel about a vacation?"

"...A vacation?"

"You've probably never been, but trust me, Athens is great this time of year."

"Athen-" He face jerked weirdly, like it wasn't sure whether to pale or screw up in worried anger. "Daniel, tell me you haven't been to Greece. Anywhere but Greece."

I winced.

"Ah, you know about that whole... thing?"

He didn't answer at first, and instead turned off to the side.

Alex was where we'd left her, sitting across from us at the other end of the table and expertly filtering all our 'grown-up talk' the way kids usually did when they found you about as interesting as a pet rock.

Her face was screwed up in an expression of concentration so adorably complete I wanted to reach over and pull her a cuddle, and she had chocolate smudges all over her lips and cheeks from the bar I'd snuck her on my way in.

Turns out that handing her secret treats was easy, but getting her to hide the evidence was a work in progress.

Typical.

Aunt Sarah would make me pay for ruining her appetite with that one later, But I'll deal with that down the line - and by deal with it, I mean bolt when she's not looking and live to fight another day.

Or maybe not, if things panned out the way I hoped they would.

Uncle David turned back to me.

"If by 'thing, you mean the ancient lands, and the incredible danger they pose to anyone stupid enough to set foot within them." He glared at me flatly. "I'm the son of a you-know-what, and an uncle to another. Despite the fact that I did everything in my power to leave that life behind, I know full well what to expect from that Mediterranean death trap of a country."

You-know-what?

So many low-hanging fruit right there for the taking. Resisting the urge to drop a joke just about killed me inside.

"Death trap is a bit much, don't you think?" Not at all, he was right. "I mean, sure there are teeth around every corner, but the beaches are to die for-"

"Daniel Winchester, so help me-"

"Okay, okay." I even raised my hands up in surrender. "Alex, kiddo, could you come here for a second?"

"Why?"

"It's a secret. I have to whisper it to you."

She paused and put her crayon down, looking at me carefully before shrugging easily.

"Kay."

Then she dropped off her chair and came around my side of the table, eyeing Uncle David suspiciously.

"You can't listen in, daddy."

So. Damn. Cute.

"I won't, sweetie."

I leaned in to whisper in her ear.

"Did you like your chocolate?"

"Yeah."

"Are you feeling tired?"

"No."

"Good, because your real gift is waiting in the backyard."

She stilled, and I gently grabbed her hand before she could bolt.

"But on one condition though - you gotta give me and Uncle David a chance to talk some boring old school stuff, and you can't tell Katie about hers until she sees it herself, okay?"

"Yeah!"

I grinned and let her go, before ruffling her hair a little.

"Then what are you waiting for?"

And just like that, she was off like a rocket, disappearing around the corner and down the hallway so fast you'd think she'd awakened her Touki too.

Five seconds later, I heard the back door open and an excited squeal that was a hearing hazard to all that was good and holy went up before it'd even slammed shut.

Uncle David squinted at me.

"What did you do?"

"Got her and Katie new bicycles."

"I... what?"

"Green for Alex, Red for Katie's." I paused, still basking in satisfaction. "Oh, and Alex's has removable training wheels, for whenever she's ready for that. Take lots of pictures for me."

"That's not what I meant." He took a deep breath. "Where did you get the money?"

"I have a... part-time job." Killing monsters and being awesome was basically the go-to occupation for demigods, right? "I had some change lying around."

"Change, eh?" His expression softened a little. "You must have saved up a lot. Good job, Dan."

The sincerity hit me right in the feels, and the grin slipped off.

Damn it, what was it with the adults in my life and making me feel stuff!

"Yeah, well, you know me." I laughed awkwardly. "I'm all about the savings."

Quick ask - How do you tell your far-out-of-the-loop uncle that your current net worth reads like a phone number, in international dialling format? And that was lowballing it?

Easy answer - you don't, because then you have to explain the giant dragon you had to fight to get it, and that was... Ha.

Ha ha.

Nope.

Not today, anyway.

"Anyway, I need to tell you some things, and I need you not to freak out."

His expression instantly went guarded, which really made sense, didn't it?

Crap.

"Dan?"

Better just to rip the band-aid off all at once.

"I'm going to go on a quest."

This time, he did pale.

"What?"

Right, he would know why that's generally terrible news all around, wouldn't he?

"Don't freak out."

"You-"

"It's not as bad as it sounds."

'Not as bad as it-!" He looked like he was two steps away from blowing all of his gaskets. "Why!? With What training!? Why!?"

"You said why twice."

"Daniel!"

"Kidding! Jeez, unc, take a breather. It's good for the soul." His glare was scathing, which I kind of deserved. "Okay, second and third question first: The best training. Seriously, the best. You don't know where I've been, and you flat out wouldn't believe the kinds of things I can do now, even when I'm going easy. And as for why..."

I hesitated, weighing my words.

"It's kind of a long story."

He glared at me some more.

"I've got time. Start talking."

"Er... cliff notes version? Sairaorg's mom is sick -really sick- and we're going off to find the cure."

There.

Practically nothing on the details, but enough.

Uncle David's eyes widened.

"You're doing this for your friend."

I gave him a perfectly level look and nodded.

Once.

"Yes. I have to."

Something about that answer made him jerk back like I'd threatened to cold cock him.

"Uncle David?"

Silence.

His hands rose up, almost of their own accord, and his palms ground against his eyes on reflex.

"Dear and unholy gods." He whispered distantly. "It's Evelyn all over again."

I flinched - I couldn't help it.

It's been a long, long time since I heard him or anyone else say her name around me.

"What's that supposed to mean?"

"Nothing." He cleared his throat and shook his head. "Nothing at all. Tell me more about this quest."

What a satisfying answer.

I could have pressed the issue, but it felt safer to let it go for now.

Call it a hunch.

"It might get bad, and I'm not just talking about monsters and stuff like that."

Those I was confident I could handle.

Gods?

Not so much, Longinus or no.

"How?"

I grimaced, and not because of the demand.

That was justified.

"It might get my... father's attention."

Calling the local Apollo dad - even thinking of him as that - after everything that had happened not too long ago now just felt wrong, in a visceral sort of way.

I know that he helped me out that one time, and that he'd gone looking for me afterwards, but I had a feeling everything to do with him was way too likely to blow up in my face and I wanted to steer as far away from that disaster in the making for as long as possible.

I also knew that there a non-zero chance that using my divine thaumaturgy in this world might attract his attention, just like it had Apollon's.

"He might find me - and that's okay. I can deal with that if things really go to crap." I hope. "But I don't want him paying you guys a visit and getting all Greek about it if he finds out I've been avoiding him, or that you knew where I was and didn't pray to him like he ordered you to."

Uncle David didn't move a muscle. His face might as well have been carved from stone.

"I'm waiting for you to give me a reason not to lose my mind."

There it is.

"I know a place I want to bring you. It's where I've been training all this time, and my teacher would be more than happy to put you guys up for a little while. Just until this whole mess is over."

A beat.

"A place." The words came slowly. Carefully. "In Athens, Greece."

He put the pieces together - not that it was hard after I'd practically gift-wrapped them for him - and sounded increasingly incredulous about it.

"Yes. But it's not-"

I was about to say 'not the Greece you're thinking of' but I chose against it.

"-kind of danger you think it is."

"Explain."

"I can't," I admitted a little helplessly. I wasn't telling him about the world-jumping here and now. "It's a big deal. The biggest kind of deal, even, and you don't know who might be listening in on us."

He stiffened.

"Gods?"

I shook my head.

"Anyone."

I meant it too.

Demigod dreams and the way they played fast and loose with prophetic visions were proof that you didn't even have to deliberately spy on someone to see something you shouldn't.

For the love of Artemis, you didn't even have to be a god to tune in on buried secrets like you were listening to your favourite radio show.

Even beyond that, there were all kinds of other ways to pull secret knowledge out of thin air.

Divine interference.

Scrying spells and rituals.

The Fates deciding to screw you over for funsies.

The sky was the limit.

"Just trust me on this, please." I pretty much begged him, and shamelessly at that. "I'll explain everything when we're there, but for now, pack a few bags. You'll understand it all soon enough, and after that... have fun. Plan a beach day. See the sights. It'll all work out."

I wouldn't settle for anything less.

My uncle took all that in for a while. Long enough that I could feel the minutes ticking by.

I was expecting an argument.

A fight.

I even expected him to try and ground me, for all that good that'd do.

Then he sighed, long and tired.

"Fine."

I started.

"Fine?"

He nodded, looking like he'd aged a decade in a second.

"Fine." The twisting feeling of guilt in my stomach sucked, I'll tell you that much. "But I expect a long, thorough explanation the second we get there. On everything."

"Done!"

He nodded, then paused and seemed to realize something.

"When are we leaving?"

"How's tonight sound?"

I'd waited until the last day before our quest for a reason.

He sighed.

"Of course."

"Sorry."

"Never mind. How are we getting there? Because if we need plane tickets-"

"No. Let me worry about that."

"...You're smiling. Do I want to know?"

"It's a surprise?"

"And now I'm worried."

"You always were smart, uncle of mine."

"Get out and catch some sun, you cheeky brat. Your aunt'll be back with the groceries any second and I have to be the one to tell her we're leaving after having moved back in for all of a couple of months."

Oof.

"Better you than me."

"One more word, and you're telling her yourself."

"And that's my cue."

He snorted as I sprang up from the table and nearly hightailed it out of the room at speed.

"Go pick up Katie for me. She's at the gym."

I blinked.

"What for?"

"Karate class."

What?

"You're kidding. Since when?"

And did he have pictures?

"Just started this week. She loves it." He cracked a small, proud smile, but it faded too quickly under the weight of something else. "And she'll need it."

The look he fixed me with made something in the air between us change.

Grow colder.

"How come?

"Because she's a demigod legacy, and even if she's connected to that very, very distantly, I'll sleep better at night knowing she can defend herself. Her sister too, someday."

My stomach dropped, even if I tried not to show it.

I thought about Katie and Alex, facing even a single monster between, and I knew that my nightmares suddenly had a hell of a lot more fuel to work with.

"Karate won't help against all the things out there."

Or much of any of them.

"Probably not." He agreed. "But your mother was my sister, Daniel, and my mother was the proactive type. When you stick as close to the craziness as I have, you pick up a thing or two."

Did that mean...

"Like?"

Again, he didn't answer with words.

I watched him stand up instead, following him as he walked up to a cabinet and pulled out an ordinary glass cup before bringing it back to the table and laying it against the wood with a small, predictable clink.

Then he tapped the rim with a finger, and closed his eyes.

Nothing happened.

Not at first.

Then the moment passed, and my breath hitched as the glass shimmered, the air around it flickering like an old TV screen interrupted by static, and a second cup appeared an inch to its left.

Shut the front door.

Uncle David tapped that one too, and rather than go through it, it tinkled with the unmistakable sound of struck glass.

Not an illusion. Not quite a recreation either.

"Magic." My eyes narrowed even as my mind started revving like a race car's engine. "No, Mist."

"Just a parlor trick. Your mom made everything I can do look like an absolute joke, and I never minded." He smiled grimly and took a deep breath, looking winded but satisfied. "But even a trick or two is worth its weight in gold when you need it, and I'm going to make sure both the girls know that motto by heart."

I frowned.

"You're going to tell them."

"Someday. Sooner with Katie rather than later."

"...Makes sense."

Frankly, there's no way the girls wouldn't have figured out something funky was going on when I took them over to Chiron's, even if he promised that he'd keep the supernatural side of things on the down low when they were over at the house.

Somehow.

Still, I didn't know how to feel about this.

About any of it.

My bog standard and ordinary uncle pulling something like this out of the blue should have been a shock, but I swallowed it down quickly, too many things on my mind to stop and stare.

...

My great-grandmother was Hecate, wasn't she?

I hadn't thought about that much in the time since I'd found out, but maybe I should, at some point down the line.

Food for thought.

"So what now? Anything else you want to spring on me?"

Please, don't spring anything else on me.

"That's rich coming from you, buddy, but no. Not today." He waved me off and picked the real cup back up again. The other one vanished in without so much as a whisper of sound. "Go get your cousin, and for the love of all that's good in this world, don't be late. I'm already going to be losing sleep tonight, and I'm not losing time from lunch too."

...​

So.

That happened.

I jogged down the driveway and out onto the streets of Maple with my mind a thousand miles away, trying to deal with a whole bunch of thoughts and feelings that felt three sizes too big for the inside of my skull.

Most of them fit in easily enough with some work.

The parts that didn't were giving me a headache.

I'll let you guess which was which.

Point is, I was distracted, but here's the funny thing: that word meant something entirely different to me than to most people after nearly a year's worth of training with Chiron and his brutal sneak attacks, so the second I sensed something that felt not unlink eyes aimed at the back of my head, I very carefully started slowing down.

Then, just as slowly - and ready to teleport and call out my weapons and armour in a flash if I needed to - I turned around.

There was nobody there.

The street was empty.

Then I turned to the side, and there it was.

I was running past Maple's local Church, only a turn away from Katie's karate class, and I didn't notice anything off until I nearly left it behind.

It was nothing special to look at.

Whitewashed stone walls worn by age, a steepled roof, stained glass windows that were tall and narrow, and all of it built just beyond a cobbled stone path.

And, naturally, one big iron cross just nailed over the large wooden doors.

All very cliché - I'd been inside only once after Aunt Sarah's cousin had come by one time for Thanksgiving. He took us down for about a half hour to pray, and after that, we hadn't set foot in the place again.

Not even once.

I'm pretty sure Uncle David had something to do with that, now that I think about it, because I remember them arguing about it in muffled voices in the middle of the night, but I didn't know why then.

Didn't really care, either.

I have an idea or two now, with the benefit of hindsight, but the point stands.

The Church wasn't a big deal.

Except...

I looked at the iron cross again, and for whatever reason, I felt... wary.

Careful.

Like I was being observed, even though my senses were so sharp at this point that a butterfly couldn't flap its wings down the street without me knowing about it.

An idea bubbled up in my head, wild and more than a little outrageous, and I promptly jumped it and punched it down to size with speed.

No.

Forget about it.

We're not going there.

I quickly walked past the church and turned the corner, heading towards the gym.

I ignored the way a very specific part of my soul - or rather, a very specific something attached to my soul - seemed to... shift, and the way it seemed to tempt me to look back-

"Danny!" Katie slammed into me like a missile, hands wrapping around my stomach in a tight hug, and that mental train of solid nope derailed in a way that almost made me break out into a tap-dancing in routine in relief. "You're back!"

"Yeah, I am. Just for a bit though."

I didn't tell her she'd be coming with.

Not right now.

She pouted, hands on her hips. Her gym clothes were a little sweaty, and her hair was frazzled, but she tried her best to channel Aunt Sarah and it nearly made me pop a blood vessel trying not to laugh.

"That sucks!"

"Don't be like that. I even got you a gift." I winked. "A great one."

That got her to beam again.

"That's awesome! You're the best!"

That time I did laugh, and I waved a hand to her teacher over in the distance to show that she was with me. I guess he must have recognised me alright, because he nodded and gave me a thumbs up.

He also grimaced like he bit into a lemon., but I'm choosing to ignore that.

"Yeah, I totally am, aren't I?"

She kicked me in the shin, already putting those new karate skills to use.

"Not that much."

"Oi! What's that supposed to mean? C'mere!"

She broke out into loud giggles and took off running as I chased after her, always letting her stay ahead by just a few paces.

We made it all the way to the house in laughter, and my nerves eased almost all the way through.

Why wouldn't they?

Things were slotting into place. I could worry about the quest tomorrow, when it was time to leave.

The Church stayed behind, in place and in memory.

Incinerate Anthem had probably been reacting to a place of faith because of its own Holy Nature.

There was nothing else there.

Nothing at all.

...​

That night, I waited until the girls were asleep before I took us over to Chiron's.

It was for the best - if the trip was hard for Sairaorg and I, then it would have been a nightmare and a half for them.

Uncle David and Sarah though...

Yeah, they got the full experience.

Couldn't be helped.

We went in threes, me and one parent per girl, and the only good thing I can say about the jump was that their bags didn't take any space at all - I packed everything into my storage wrist band and there they stayed.

"Grounded." Aunt Sarah rasped, on her knees on the grass out in the garden and looking ready to hurl her soul out. "F-for life."

I winced in sympathy.

And maybe a little pain too, sue me.

"Disowned." Uncle David argued instead, on his feet but only barely. He looked like he'd chugged a carton of curdled milk and then went in for seconds. "You're no nephew of mine."

I raised a glowing hand.

"I can patch you up real quick?"

"Welcome back to the family."

Heh.

Aunt Sarah groaned

"What did I marry into?"

Her husband patted her on the back after I finished laying a Healing Hand Of Asclepius on him and moved onto her.

"You said yes at the altar, woman. No take backs."

"Under false pretences. I barely knew anything about this godly nonsense. For shame."

"False? Please. Unspoken at worst."

"You're sleeping on the couch tonight."

"It's not even our house!"

"Then you're sleeping outside!"

"Can I weigh in on this?"

""Grounded!"" They both snapped.

And to think people believe that I don't come by my sense of humour fairly.

Naturally, that's when Chiron showed up, trotting out of the front door and into the moonlight-

I....

What?

"What happened to you?"

"Whatever do you mean?"

My eye twitched.

Really? Now of all times?

He looked exactly the way he was supposed to from the waist up, decked out in a formal black suit he'd probably, the buttons gleaming in the moonlight.

That was all well and good, but it was from the waist down that things got trippy, because - and follow me on this one - he looked human.

As in, two legs instead of four in a matching set of black dress trousers, and not a hint of horse between them

How even-?

"I thought this appearance would be more appropriate, given that I'd prefer we ease your family into this situation rather than overwhelming them with it all at once. There's been quite enough of that as it is."

...

Good point.

The question still stood though - my eyes weren't quite processing what I was seeing, and I don't think it was just the sheer disconnect of seeing Chiron looking so... I didn't even have the right words for it, but you get the idea.

"Is that shape transfiguration, a perception-altering illusion or some kind of weird spatial warping?"

Maybe even some level of conceptual spell work I didn't know about?

"Why not all three?"

That's... wait.

"Is that it?"

"Jot down your ideas when you have the time and hand them over to me. We'll see how close you get before I give you the answer."

Of course.

Always another lesson, and homework to boot.

I resisted the urge to sigh.

"Excuse me?"

When I looked back, my aunt and uncle were finally up, and looking at my teacher with the kind of guarded intensity of a pair of parents who'd just come face to face with the dude who'd been taking care of their kid for months.

It wasn't pretty, but it wasn't quite hostile.

Right smack dab in between, almost.

"Who are you, exactly?" Uncle David's voice was level, but unyielding. It was actually impressive. "And where are we?"

He didn't hesitate, not that he ever had before.

"I am Chiron, and this is my home." The centaur's eyes twinkled merrily. "Perhaps you've heard of me?"

Aunt Sarah only nodded hesitantly, but my uncle?

His face twisted in shock.

Then in disbelief.

Derision.

Confusion.

And finally, some messy combination of the last three, with a great big heap of something I couldn't place right beneath them as he looked from my nod to Chiron and back again.

"Oh, what fresh hell is this?"

Chiron only smiled politely.

"A whole new world's worth of it, I'm afraid. Now, perhaps you'd like to come in for tea? I have a feeling you're going to have a great many questions for me before the night comes to an end."

And didn't they ever?

...​

I left them with Chiron.

Well, just my aunt and uncle.

Katie and Alex, I tucked into bed myself, and I made sure to leave their new bikes by the front door in the morning.

Chiron would take care of all of them, and that was for the best, because I had no intention of waking them up before Sairaorg and I left.

And speaking of my best friend, I found him after I left the girls' room and closed the door behind me, sitting at the top of the stairs and patiently waiting the night out.

Our eyes met.

"All set?"

"You know it." Everyone I cared about was as safe as could be. I had nothing left to worry about except for what came next. "Packed your bags?"

"Damn straight."

"Awesome. Then we're all set."

"Yeah." His eyes flickered away, looking, and his fists clenched. "Yeah, we are."

In a few hours, the sun would rise, and then it'd officially be time to get this show on the road.

...​

Dawn came eventually.

By the time the first rays of daylight were streaking over to us from the east, we were already outside and nearly vibrating out of our skins in contained pressure.

And excitement.

"Weapons?"

"Check."

"Armour?"

"Check."

"Money in three currencies and assorted treasure for trading if it comes down to it?"

"Check."

"Pet hellhound?"

"Aarf!"

"Atta boy, Courage. Into the shadow you go. What's next- ah. Nectar and emergency healing potions?"

"Check,"

"The amazing Daniel Winchester, to do all the work and look awesome while Sairaorg eats his dust?"

"Go die in a ditch."

"That ditch would become a national monument."

"Don't start." Chiron interrupted us before we really got into it. "You're ready. Or just about there."

Sai and I exchanged a look.

"What's left?

"Me."

Oh.

I kept my face blank as I turned around, and found Regulus himself prowling towards us, an impatient carnivorous snarl pulling his maw.

"Brat." He growled at Sai, who beamed at him with a mega-watt smile so wide my face hurt just looking at it. Then his eyes narrowed at me. "Sun brat."

"Kill stealer."

His eyes narrowed some more.

"Still running your mouth."

"It's how I roll." I didn't sense any kind of anger or bloodlust from him, so I felt perfectly safe. Also, Chiron was right there, and I'd like to see the damn cat try something with me with him at my back. It'd be hilarious. "If you didn't want the name to stick, you shouldn't have earned it."

"I can still eat you."

"Sai, your pity-spar is acting all moody. Tell him to grab a Snickers and leave, we're busy."

"You little-"

"Actually-" Chiron's voice overrode the Nemean Lions' wit a single word, even if it was nothing deliberately overbearing. "-Regulus is coming with you."

...

...

...

"What?"

"Yes!"

"Can we get started?"

"No, hold up, wait." I pointed at the giant yawning lion, who I'd bet good money was only doing that to show off his absurdly sharp-looking teeth. "Why is the living Longinus coming on a quest with us?"

"Think about that question for one second, and you'll have your answer. If you don't, I'll have thoroughly and completely failed as a teacher."

...

Right. That was stupid as bricks.

Because he was a living Longinus, obviously.

"But why would he want to?" I whirled on Regulus. "Why would you want to?"

"I was bored." Credit for theatrics and all, because he even sounded like it too. "The brat mentioned something about a quest, and I decided to tag along. Deal with it."

I turned to Sairaorg, who shrugged unrepentantly.

"Not sorry. Didn't think it was a big deal." He looked at Regulus. "You really want to come?"

"I'm bored." The lion repeated, voice an irritated rumble. "I'd do just about anything for a bit of action, no matter how pitiful it turns out in the long run."

"Great!"

Regulus snorted.

"Where are we going, and who are we going to fight? What's all this noise about?"

That pulled me up short.

"Wait, you didn't tell him anything?" I stressed the word again. "Anything?"

Chiron raised a brow.

"That would ruin the surprise, no?"

"..."

"..."

My lips twitched.

Alright then.

"Tell me what?" Regulus must have sensed the sudden change in my mood because his mane shifted a little and he sounded a lot more suspicious than he had before. "What am I missing?"

"Nothing." I bared my teeth at him in an expression that had to be something close to pure evil. "Nothing at all, kill-stealer. Ready to leave?"

He glared at me.

I glared back.

"Watch your back, sun brat."

Strangely, the threat didn't quite feel like one.

Then he prowled away and started lazily circling Sairaorg.

"...I don't like cats."

"Riveting," Chiron said dryly, before his expression sobered again. "It's time for you to leave."

The air went sharp with tension, and we straightened under his gaze.

It was the only this we could do.

"We've got this, Chiron." I grinned and zipped up my new hoodie, eyes meeting. "We've got all the supplies we could ever need, two Longinus gears between us, and you gave me that thing we talked about the other day, just in case."

A little maybe-trump card that could come in real handy if things go bad.

"We're not going to fail." Sairaorg agreed, standing tall and proud. His new gauntlets gleamed in the rising sunlight as he ran a hand through his "I've been waiting for this forever. We'll be back with the Fleece in no time."

"Fleece?" Regulus murmured, but it wasn't a question meant for us, and nobody answered him anyway.

Chiron was still looking at us all, very carefully.

He met my eyes.

Then Sai's.

He even stared at Regulus, and some kind of understanding passed between them that had even the Nemean Lion himself nodding, not subserviently, but in a gesture that was almost respectful.

At the bare minimum, it was an acknowledgment.

Chiron accepted it easily.

Then he smiled, warmly, proudly, and backed away just a little.

"I have no doubts.'

Four words, but in that moment they might as well have carried all the meaning in the world.

"Still, I expect you back within... let's say two weeks, at the absolute latest. Otherwise, I'll have to find a way to come after you myself, and I'll be most upset when I find you."

And the funny thing is?

I totally believed him.

Time to hit the road.

"See you then, Teach."

I raised a hand and grabbed Sairaorg's shoulder. The other slid along Regulus's muscled back with only a single instinctive warning growl that he swallowed a second later.

Prissy cat.

I took a deep breath.

To infinity and beyond, I guess.

Then a familiar feeling inside of me Sparked and ignited, and we vanished off the face of the planet.

...​

If you're thinking to yourself 'this is the point where something goes hilariously off the rails'... then congratulations, because you're a prophet!

Now shove it and pay attention.

In the end, it was probably Regulus.

No, I wasn't just throwing shade his way this time.

It was his 'weight', or power, or maybe the combination of it with all our gear and Incinerate Anthem to boot.

Whatever it was, I knew something was wrong the second we dropped into the infinite, blinding void between worlds.

And I do mean dropped - just like what happened the first time I tried to bring Sairaorg along on a jump with me, instead of soaring across one world to the next, we tumbled straight down between an endless number of them, drowning in everything and nothing at all.

A misfire.

Damn it, damn it, damn it!

What the hell kind of start is this!

Space ceased to be. Colours that weren't colours rushed by, and existence that had no right existing at all expanded around us without limit as we fell.

It was only a moment, but it lasted forever, and just like before, I couldn't get us back to my world - the one I'd been aiming for - or the one we'd just come from without having 'solid' ground underneath my feet.

A whole new world, then.

And so that's what I did - that's where I took us.

I screamed into the void, distantly feeling Sairaorg do the same, and the force of Regulus's furious roars echoing up my arm, tangled up in his mane.

Then my gut twisted, and my ears popped in a downright spiritual way as we tore headfirst out of the void and into... another void?

Come again?

We slammed down into a floor that was a floor, and immediately froze.

Literally.

We physically could not move, not one of us - Even Regulus couldn't, for all that I could feel his absolute fury mounting with every passing beat, like a bomb gearing up to blow.

There was nothing around us but air and colour - dark, flickering, like endless paint that had run together until everything under it was tinted in shades of grey and black and sparking purple.

Only I didn't think there was anything under it or us either - but there was someone above it all.

I could see him, just barely.

Suspended high in my line of sight, reclined on a seat that was simple and unassuming, and still felt like a throne higher than any I'd ever imagined, staring down at us with eyes that glowed in a shade of pure crimson.

An old man in purple aristocratic clothes highlighted with gold, whose age I couldn't place, face blank, hands idly gripping his seat's armrests and radiating a presence so monstrous I couldn't even fathom the depths of it.

Like Chiron at his most overwhelming, or my dad when he wasn't reeling himself in for my sake.

Spoiler: Spoiler


Well this is off to a great gods-damned start, isn't it?

I stared up at him, frozen, and he stared down at us, assessing, and we stayed like that for the longest and most threatening solid minute of my life.

Then, slowly, almost glacially, his gloved hand rose to stroke at his beard.

"Well." His voice was deep and polished, rumbling with effortless might, and no accent I could place at all. "What an interesting day this is turning out to be."

Then he raised his other hand, and a kaleidoscope of colours exploded out of his palm and swallowed us all in one blast.

...​

Somewhere else entirely:

There was no sense of transition.

I didn't go to sleep, or feel time passing, or any kind of a change at all.

Neither did Sairaorg and Regulus for that matter.

One second we were staring at what had to have been certain death right in the blood-red eye, and the next, reality glitched, and we were spat out somewhere else entirely.

My feet hit the ground hard, and I managed to blink spots out of my eyes and meet another pair - also bright red, because why not at this point?

The spearman looked back at me with an unashamedly gobsmacked expression, weapon held loosely at his side, decked out in a blue body suit, shining silver armour over that and some kind of ceremonial-looking fur thrown over one shoulder.

Spoiler: Spoiler


"Who the hell-?" He started, something more stunned than immediately hostile in his voice, and that's about as far as he got before I moved.

I snapped out my left hand and blasted him with a blast of sunlight so bright it tinted all our surroundings gold - some kind of expansive, indoor garden nearly two stories high, complete with an indoor pond and everything - and Serpent's Downfall materialised in my grip in the same instant.

"Talking isn't a free action!"

The beam smacked him head first and blasted him straight across into the wall behind him, and he rammed into it with a burst of uprooted earth and shattering drywall.

He wasn't down for the count though, I could tell that much.

Not even close.

Where exactly where-?

Something shifted behind me, and I heard Regulus shift and Sai move to shove me aside before the world behind us did what it usually tended to do with concerning consistency and erupted with a burst of light that was absolutely not my own.

And then it expanded, fast.

All of us leaped back, demigod, devil and Nemean Lion at once, instincts screaming.

Something fundamental shifted, something in the pillar of light threatened to blast us all off our feet. It was so bright - unnaturally so - that I couldn't see through it, and that was kind of telling all on its own.

I caught glimpses, though.

A spell circle, not at all like any other one I'd ever seen. A spark of something else, too.

A figure.

Something - someone - important.

Space shifted. The air charged as power filled it, and a fifth presence descended among us.

No, scratch that.

A sixth.

I saw the girl with the glasses right as the light started to fade - fallen across the floor, knees drawing back like she was trying to curl up into a ball and disappear, expression torn between lingering fear and total awe.

She couldn't have been more than a few years older than me and Sairaorg - for crying out loud, she was even dressed in a school uniform!

The person who dropped down in front of her, though...

My eyes widened.

Blonde.

Armoured in shining plate from head to toe, elaborate with something that might have been a hood descending from its back, and more flowing blue cloth drifting down from above its waist, rippling in the breeze his arrival had kicked up.

"Do not fear, master." His voice was calm and measured, and dignified beyond words. Royal, even. "I am Saber, a servant who will protect you."

Spoiler: Spoiler



His eyes, though?

They were a sharp blueish green, and they hardened as they roamed across all of us.

He raised his hands up and closed them across nothing in particular, I could see, before taking a stance that made it look like he was brandishing an invisible sword and preparing to swing it into action.

Somehow, it was more intimidating than just about anything I'd ever had aimed my way.

"Against any and every threat."



​
Well, that's encouraging.

Then something clicked up top for me.

My brain ran back the tapes for a second, and the words finally registered.

Saber.

...

...

...

No. Freaking. Way.




...


The boys planning out their quest with meticulous detail:



View: https://imgur.com/2wD5j39


Fate and Karma, forming an alliance:



View: https://imgur.com/PMLmMIM​


As always, leave your comments and ideas, and if you don't like it, please be courteous.
Last edited: Jul 5, 2025
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Darkplayer35, Ender Wiggen and 974 others
Firewillreign
Jul 4, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Interlude - Chaos, Thy Name Is Winchester
View content
Firewillreign
Firewillreign
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 26, 2023
Messages888
Likes received82,880
Jul 13, 2025
Add bookmark
#1,683
There was once a time when Chiron - scorned and unwanted son of Kronos the Crooked One and Philyra the Oceanid, Wisest and Justest of all Centaurs, and famed and mythicised Trainer of Heroes - thought that he would never take on another student again.

To be clear, the sentiment itself hadn't been any sort of instant, immediate realization. He hadn't woken up in the morning one day, looked at his reflection in the nearest mirror and suddenly decided to consider retirement.

Oh no.

The temptation to step back from the mantle and role he'd forged for himself - and quite happily at that, thank you very much - tended to come and go over the centuries and millennia.

It couldn't be helped, truly.

Greek heroes - and the small number of others he'd taught outside of that circle, who'd been comparatively rarer but hardly unheard of where it counted - tended to, on average, lead very... interesting lives.

That was about the kindest word Chiron had for it.

Asclepius, Peleus, Heracles, Jason, Achilles, Patroclus... the lists - plural, naturally - went on and on, and even when the inks ran dry and there were no more pages left to fill, Chiron could still readily offer more and more names from heart and memory.

And those were just the classics.

There was a pattern to a great deal of them, one that played out in different contexts from era to era even if the highlights and the greatest hits stayed the same at the roots.

Struggle and conflict, pride and glory, a path fraught with danger and crowned with either triumph or failure in legendary degrees... it was all a coin toss from the moment they left his care - some even before that - and after training them to the best of his ability, all he could do after the fact was sit back, hope dearly for the best, and wait to see which way the quarter landed.

But hope didn't always pay dividends, and those stories - their stories - were never just stories.

Not just tales to entertain the masses, or moral lessons in the making for scholars and children and everyone in between to pore over and pick apart looking for meaning that was decided with perspective and was often liable to shift under the right prompting.

How could they be?

Instead, to Chiron, they were wounds.

Bittersweet - and sometimes just bitter - always scarring and soul-deep in a way that left the path he'd chosen for himself a hopelessly drawn-out life sentence.

Death by a thousand cuts - only immortality rather handily took death out of the equation, but the pain remained, long-lasting and more poisonous than any arrow dipped in Hydra venom could ever hope to be.

Still, he'd made his peace with it.

Change was inevitable, and the good outweighed the bad. The joy he experienced as he raised each student to the height of their potential -or setting them on the path to do just that, wherever necessary - far surpassed the tides of grief that washed over him as they met their ends, even if it hardly ever felt so in the moment.

Such was his way in life, and all had been well.

And then Ajuka Beelzebub of the Abrahamic Devils brought forth his Evil Pieces into a world that always seemed to balance on a knife's edge and be only a few right prods away from carnage, and Chiron - along with anyone and everyone with even a shred of sense and terrible foresight - immediately smelled blood in the water and nightmares on the horizon.

The one 'great' faction that was almost universally despised by most all others - and plenty of those that were lesser but still existed in their own right for good measure - suddenly possessing a means to reincarnate other beings into more of themselves?

A way to take - by carrot or infernal stick - the best and brightest they could reach from among their many, many enemies' ranks to swell their own, all the while dressing it up as a means of repopulation or what have you?

Please.

Waving the red cape at the charging bull was one thing, but this was akin to one marching up to said bull, slapping it in the face with said cape, and then immediately tying it in a bow around its horns and hoping for the best.

Chaos ensued.

Political disasters - the kind that tended to end in tense, drawn-out negotiations or landmass reshaping cataclysms - spawned overnight.

The supernatural theatre as a whole seemed to brace for impact, and with good reason - but no amount of bracing could have prepared Chiron for what came next, and that day was still burned into his memory in meticulous, utterly devastating detail.

The day he arrived too late to a battlefield scoured by gods and mortals alike, torn apart in a battle he'd known would come in some shape or form.

A battle he'd cautioned against, warned against, and tried so desperately to prevent, but the effort failed all the same.

That day, Chiron's hooves sunk down into blood-soaked mud on the edges of a hellish tragedy, the ground blackened and ruined around the broken bodies of an entire generation of his students - and more besides - and all the while, the gods raged against one another in the sky and tore it apart between them, just as they had done with everything below.

Eventually, it ended as things do - but, again, all too late.

When the dust settled, and the screaming stopped, when only regret and shame remained to fill the void they left behind and the silence more damning than the trails of Tartarus itself... Well.

There was nothing left - none that mattered, not to him.

Chiron left that day, after seeing to the rights and final dignities of those he'd taught and cared for in life, and let the gods of Olympus bear the weight of the fallout, the price of the consequences they had reaped for themselves.

They were of no concern to him, and it was only fair, wasn't it?

It was they who had allowed their mistakes to fester and rot until the maggots crawled out with teeth and claws, looking for their pound of flesh - and rightly so.

Even the gods recognized that much, but only after the bill had come due.

And as for Chiron?

The centuries that followed were... difficult. For a time, he secluded himself from the world entirely, returning to his home in Mount Pelion and sealing himself away in his grief.

Mourning was never easy, and mourning losses so easily preventable - at least in hindsight - was that much harder.

In time, however, he emerged. Not at the behest of any gods - though plenty had tried and failed - but in his own time, when he was well and ready to and not a second before.

He returned to his homes across Greece, shifting from one to another in an old, easy routine as the decades passed, and then the centuries that followed after them.

Even then, he made no move to take on new students, even when many of various worth attempted to seek him out.

He was, for the most part, simply quite... with that aspect of his life.

For the foreseeable future, at the very least, even if the temptation to take up his craft grew stronger and stronger with every passing year.

You can't teach an old dog new tricks, after all, and ancient centaurs were much the same when it came to the important things in life.

Still, he had been living in quiet isolation, passing his days in lazy, even-tempered peace, and as far as this era was concerned, everything had been nice and quiet for a change.

And then he'd go out one day, and promptly be ambushed outside his favourite city-grocer by a devil with gumption and drive in spades, and none of the attitude that would have soured it.

"Hello!" The boy had beamed, looking like he'd sprinted a marathon or three to find him and still heaving for breath on every other word. "I'm Sairaorg Bael! Please train me!"

So he said.

Loudly.

In the middle of a crowded street.

Chiron had only blinked.

The presence of a devil in his vicinity didn't faze him, even with the history involved - he'd sensed the child coming from well over halfway across Athens, and with not a speck of malice to be found in his presence - but that question...

Really?

Really?

"I am regretfully retired."

The boy had paused, taken that in for all of a second and then nodded more to himself than to Chiron.

"Can we talk about that?"

"What is there to talk about?"

"I don't know yet, but I'm open to negotiations!"

Goodness, the audacity of this child.

Not just bold as brass, but determined and heartfelt in a way few would ever expect from a member of his kind - especially one with that particular name - and absolutely refusing to take no for an answer.

Even when Chiron up and left him there, and then watched in no little amusement as the tenacious young devil spent the rest of the day zipping to and from across the city trying to find him.

And the next.

And the next, and so on and so forth.

It became a little game between them, and that's how it started.

Then, some time later, he'd 'stumbled' upon Daniel, heavily wounded but held in a stasis spell - almost certainly god forged - that shattered the moment he got close enough to make sense of it.

Essentially leaving him with another child he all but had to take some measure of responsibility for, even if only because of the weight of his own conscience.

Potential hero or not, abandoned children in need were more than a sore spot for him.

How very... deliberate.

Conniving and clever, too. Certainly well played on Apollon's part in hindsight, even if Chiron knew full well that it had stemmed from a place of calculating caution, practicality, and no small amount of cold, demanding wrath.

The impossibility of his newfound son's existence warranted investigation, after all, and there were few places better to keep in sight than in Chiron's care.

That particular plot would have fallen apart had Chiron chosen not to play ball, so to speak, but really, that was never truly an option, and anyone who knew him well enough would have expected as much.

Chiron's resolve lasted all of a single night after that.

"Why do you want to train under me?"

"Because I was born weak, and I was told I was worthless because of it. I refuse to accept that, so I'm going to grow as strong as I can get, and then some."

"Because I nearly died, and it sucked harder than anything in my life ever has, and I never want to feel that way again if I can help it."

The rest, as they say, was history.

Two new students under his care at long last.

Both determined, strong-willed and brimming with absurd potential.

They were also hard-headed at times, reckless, and apparently cursed with an incredible ability to land themselves in some of the most ridiculously convoluted spots of trouble imaginable, but then again, how many of the past heroes who'd trained under his aegis hadn't ended up with a track record that read like the fates themselves had a grudge and wanted to pay it back with spite and interest?

A measly few?

If even that?

Sairaorg and Daniel's shenanigans were simply par the course, really.

And now here they were.

Ten, nearly eleven months later - some of the best he'd had in recent memory - and Chiron found himself in a familiar position once again.

Down a pair of students - and one particularly irritable Nemean Lion, as a last-minute bonus - and waiting with just the right blend of expectant pride and patient hope for their return.

"The more things change," He whispered to himself hours the evening after they left, wry and tired as he sat back in his chair out in the garden and enjoyed the cool, crisp breeze under a pleasant wash of moonlight. "The more they stay the same."

The quest for the Golden Fleece - and what an intriguing artifact that would be to study in time - was a noble one, and Sairaorg and Daniel's skills were well honed, their rate of growth astounding by the standards of this calmer era.

Even when measured with the metrics of ages long gone past, they were still impressive, if only because Chiron would have accepted nothing less.

Still, a teacher worried.

He'd allowed the quest because they had the capability. They needed to learn how to come into their own without his hand on the scales, but regardless of how endlessly fascinating - and very, very dangerous - the concept of other worlds remained, the idea of threats he couldn't quite account for outside of what were, at best, educated guesses didn't sit well with him.

Not at all.

That was why he'd played his cards just right and added a third to their party just before they took off.

Prodding Regulus into joining the boys on their quest had been a last-minute decision, entirely for Chiron's own peace of mind, and also remarkably straightforward, as simple as outright telling him about the quest just over the horizon and letting the lion's interest do the rest of the work for him.

He had made no secret of his growing boredom, after all, and that made it all too simple to rope him into the affair instead of letting such a golden opportunity go to waste.

Granted, Regulus was no fool and had known full well what Chiron had been doing, but it wasn't supposed to be much of a secret to begin with.

What would have been the point?

No, the part that he had kept deliberately concealed, naturally, was where they would be going in due time - and for more reasons than just the obvious too.

Revealing his student's secret without his say so, even for his own good, was something Chiron had precisely no interest in outside of the direst of emergencies, and even then he would exhaust all other reasonable alternatives before even considering violating his trust in such a manner.

That was a hard set rule.

...And, as a side benefit, Daniel likely enjoyed the chance to spring his harrowing world jumps on Regulus himself, and while Chiron wouldn't normally encourage that kind of squabbling pettiness, there was no true mean spirit behind it on either end as of yet, and that lion was more than capable of giving as good as he got and then some.

...

Eventually.

After recovering from what was patently the worst - or at least unrefined - form of magical transportation Chiron had ever experienced, bar none.

His lips twitched in light amusement, before smoothing out again into something more contemplative as he considered the other reason he hadn't clued his temporary houseguest in on Daniels's ability.

It was Regulus himself - Or rather, what he was and possibly represented.

The mightiest Nemean Lion to ever live, yes, and by a great and as of yet unsurpassed margin as well, but also the only recently incarnated soul once trapped in and actively powering a biblical Sacred Gear, and therefore connected to - formerly, or perhaps not - the Biblical Heaven's System.

And that particular absurdity...

Chiron found himself sighing tiredly just thinking about it.

The God of Abraham possessed, as many deities did, a great number of claims to power and transcendence, but what elevated Him far above all but a few others was not simply his nature as a monotheistic deity - though that did, of course, have it's own weight - but his sheer and undisputed authority as a Creator.

And in that, there was no greater example than His System.

An autonomous, all-encompassing metaphysical framework that permeated perhaps all layers of this world - even the domains and realms of other pantheons and divinities, up to and including the Dimensional Gap - allowing Him to exert his presence and influence in varying degrees regardless of the whims of most other influences.

Sacred Gears, Spirit Inheritors under the biblical aegis, as well as the prayers, faith and miracles of His religion before all else... all of it determined and managed by that one overarching creation.

How truly ludicrous, but it only grew more so when one connected the dots and realised that the System in itself likely acted as a technical means of omnipresence - though again, only to various degrees - and, essentially, as a direct result, a tool of His 'omniscience'.

In short?

Chiron suspected that Sacred Gears were, or at least could be used by the System as an external way to observe and learn from the world by way of their hosts.

Granted it was only a theory, and one with holes in it given what he knew about the nature of the gears themselves from experience, observable accounts and events in the last few centuries going unanswered where Chiron would have thought they would necessitate a response - Any kind of one.

But there was nothing.

More immediately recent happenings also conflicted with his theory that much more, given that Daniel had outright taken Incinerate Anthem with him across worlds and not garnered so much as a wiff of response from the Abrahamic faction.

Not a one.

That was suspicious in of itself, and while it could be in part due to his lineage bieng what it was ad the sheer disaster that would ensue if they so much as touched a hair his his head without due cause - or with any kind of cause at all, valid or not - the silence was part of a pattern that brought to mind certain... rumours that had been slowly gaining traction in the supernatural world over the past number of decades, held back only by sheer disbelief...

But those were thoughts for later.

The takeaway here was that Chiron hadn't told Regulus what to expect beyond the vaguest details simply on the off - and exceedingly unlikely, but not impossible -chance that that knowledge might somehow carry over across Heaven's System and prompt another kind of mess entirely.

Taking the risk with Incinerate Anthem was already inevitable from the moment the gear bonded to Daniel, but it was better safe than sorry with yet another Longinus thrown into the mix.

Particularly after the... riveting little tidbit Dan had shared with him after he'd jumped back from his family visit the day before.

Yet another significant thought for later.

He massaged his scalp with one hand and slowly shook his head.

Much later.

For now, he could only wait for his students to return, content as can be given the circumstances and with the knowledge that they were armed with just about everything he could have provided them with in the time they'd had to prepare.

He'd even say they were overprepared, but there was no such thing.

They might even manage to get through their quest without too much trouble.

...
...
...

He lasted a few more seconds before breaking out into relatively quiet laughter he just couldn't hope to hold back.

Who was he trying to fool with that false optimism?

Those two firebrands of his were going to sow all manner of chaos before everything was said and done, and everyone involved knew it well before they'd set foot outside the house.

Hah.

Chiron was looking forward to hearing all about it, but first things first...

He tilted his head to the side and waited patiently as the presence he'd sensed moving throughout the house made its way in his direction.

Two of them, actually.

A few seconds later, the door to his left opened with a carefully muted click.

Sarah Winchester stepped out into the moonlit night, immediately startled after catching sight of him out of the corner of her eye and let out a soft, embarrassed sound as she settled back down again.

Quite jumpy, but that much was understandable - It had been a long day, in more ways than one.

"Sorry." She held her youngest daughter in her arms -Alex - propped against her hip, deeply asleep with her head tucked into the crook of her neck and with a small blanket thrown over her and Sarah's arm. "She woke up a little while ago and had a hard time getting back to sleep, and I thought we could both use some fresh air. We didn't mean to bother-"

"No, no, please." He gestured, and another sun lounger appeared a few steps away with a barely perceptible shimmer of green-tinted power, large and inviting. "Join me if you wish. There's plenty of room to go around."

Her eyes widened at the casual display of magic, and she sucked in a sharp breath. Her mouth and jaw worked soundlessly for several long, stunned moments..

For his part, Chiron settled for smiling politely and letting her adjust at her own pace.

It had been a deliberate move, after all. The better to begin easing her into an aspect of her life he doubted she had much familiarity with.

For a moment, his senses also brushed along the spark her child carried with her - a strain of inherited power, diluted but still clearly present for those who knew to look for it.

Then he dismissed it as well.

A problem for another day.

"...Right." She said at last, and it was with a hint of wonder and something like exhausted hysteria, but wonderfully lacking in manic energy. "Magic."

"Indeed."

Her lips quivered like she wasn't sure whether or not laugh at the dry - but kind - delivery.

Then she moved, slowly and carefully lowering herself and her child into the chair beside him, as if she was afraid it would disappear under her the moment she committed to sitting on it.

When it didn't, she relaxed just a little and breathed a sigh that sounded much too heavy and paradoxically fragile for one so young - relatively speaking - but, again, Chiron supposed it was only to be expected given everything she had and would keep experiencing for quite some time before the novelty of it all faded away.

The Winchester clan as a whole was in for quite the adjustment period, and the hours long conversation - seminar, really - that Chiron has sat them through for the better part of a day after their arrival was only just the tip of a single ice berg in the middle of the Antarctic.

For a few minutes, neither. The sounds of coming from the grass shifting against the breeze up ahead and the woodlands in the distance filled the silence between them, and the air was calm and peaceful.

"The stars are beautiful tonight," Sarah whispered at last, slowly brushing back Alex's hair as she looked up at the sea of twinkling spotlights splayed out across the heavens. "I've never seen them so clearly before."

"Those would be the astrological wards."

"Ah?" She blinked. "Astrological...wards?"

Hmm... how best to break this down?

"In this case, think of them as a type of magical boundary line - a mystical electric fence, if you will - that can be 'programmed' to allow and carry out certain functions within a specific area." His hand swept out easily, motioning across everything within their line of sight. "The ones surrounding my home have many functions, but a fair few are responsible for filtering out light pollution and magnifying the viewer's perspective of the stars. Hence, astrological wards."

She seemed to digest that in pieces, before nodding slowly.

"I think I.. understand that, a little. Not as much as I maybe should, but..." She shrugged, and to her credit, the gesture was only a little hesitant. "At least it's a heck of a view, right?"

Fair enough.

Chiron smiled, and she noticed.

"What?"

"Nothing at all, and I agree." His smiled warmed some more. "And so does your nephew."

She blinked again.

"Dan?"

"Yes. He and Sairaorg like to camp out and spend the night under the stars, every once in a while."

Granted it had only happened the first few times because they'd been too exhausted to drag themselves back to the house after some particularly arduous training - and Chiron regrets nothing there - but they'd gotten into the habit of spending some of their time that way and it was far from unpleasant.

Though why Daniel tried to use Serpent's Downfall of all things to light a campfire that one time just after he'd started mastering its use and ended up taking out half his flowerbeds in one go was anyone's guess.

Keeping a straight face after that one - and Sairaorg's resulting debate on whether or not cursed dragonflame could be used to safely roast s'mores if they were purified with natural energy after the fact - had been the challenge of several lifetimes, and trust him, he would know.

The more interesting was his demigod student's burgeoning interest in Astrology, even if it was likely only cursory.

Nothing concrete, barely a few ideas, really, but it was a very valid thaumaturgical field to look into with some experience, and what was the sun if not the star with the greatest immediate relevance over their day-to-day lives?

Food for thought.

"That's good to hear." Sarah's smile was bright with relief. "Sairaorg is a great kid, and I'm glad they're such good friends."

"As am I."

Those two had grown as close as family in so little time, and what a wonderful truth that was to reminisce over.

There was a short pause.

"Thank you." Sarah spoke up again, wetting her lips nervously as she tried to find the right words. "I know we've said it before, but David and I are... so, so far out of the loop here, and catching up is taking up time."

"There is no shame in that."

"I know, but... again, thank you."

She met his eyes earnestly.

"For taking care of Daniel, and his friend. For looking after him when we couldn't. For helping us out and letting us into your home. I know words alone can't possibly be enough, but thank you, for all of it."

Chiron nodded gently when she was finished.

"I appreciate the sentiment, but it is unnecessary. They are both my students. Looking after them?" He smiled and shook his head. "That is my duty and my privilege, and my home is always open to them and theirs."

She took that in for a minute and the smile she gave him after it was that much brighter.

"I'm glad my nephew met you. You're good people - the best of them all, and Dan thinks so too. Tells us all about it whenever he comes home, even if he only just gave us your name the other day."

How charming

"I do try."

Sarah laughed, and Chiron considered it a minor victory when her shoulders relaxed a fraction, and when her reaction to him summoning a pot of tea and two mugs a few moments later was nothing more dramatic than a small, surprised flinch.

"It shows." She said, shifting Alex in her arms as Chiron poured them each a warm, steaming drink. "I don't think I've ever seen Dan so... happy before. It's amazing."

Chiron paused.

The way she lingered on the word, the way her voice warped around it... there was an implication there.

"Was he not before?"

She looked at him blankly.

"Happy?"

Her eyes widened.

"Oh, no, that's not what I meant! Dan's always been an upbeat kind of kid. Outdoorsy, makes friends at school easily, the whole list. Everything a boy his age should be. It's just..."

Again, she hesitated, mouth opening and closing like she was picking and discarding words with every motion.

"If it's a personal matter..."

Curiosity aside, Chiron wouldn't push.

"No, it's not that." Sarah shook her head slowly, before sighing and running her free hand through her hair bracingly. "It's a long story."

He didn't say a word, letting her gather her thoughts at her own pace. His lips did quirk up, hover minutely, when Sarah took a sip of her tea and startled, looking at her mug with an appreciative glance.

"This is incredible."

"Thank you. I'm quite proud of it."

"Mhm." She set the mug down, looked at him once more with something parallel to hesitation, before closing her eyes and clearing her throat. "Dan's mother... did he ever get to telling you about her?"

Chiron raised a brow.

"In no great detail, and I knew better than to press."

Sarah breathed out lightly, and the sound was soft and rather tellingly sad.

"I'm not surprised. It's been six years, and I can probably count the number of times he's even mentioned her name out loud with both hands and still have fingers to spare." She opened her eyes as she spoke, glancing down to where her sleeping daughter was slumped against her chest. "Her name was Evelyn, and she was David's twin. The older one too, but not by much, and she was... a real character - Not in a bad way, though."

A ghost of a smile pulled at her expression, before fading away again quickly.

"She was kind. Smart. All kinds of witty. Real brave, too."

"Like mother, like son."

"Oh, absolutely. Dan takes a lot after her. But the thing is... David told me that the kid was born wired into the crazier parts of the world, right from the get-go. No choice or way to get away from it or anything like it, not with his dad being... what he is."

A god

The word was unspoken, but it echoed between them all the same.

"Evelyn, though?"

Sarah shook her head lightly.

"Before Dan was born, she was practically swimming right in the deep end of that pool, and all on her own too. Magic, monsters, and wild dangers straight out of the storybooks... Evelyn was all about that kind of life. A real swashbuckling adventurer type, you know?"

"I can imagine."

And he very much could, given that Evelyn Winchester's description was already reading like an excerpt of the lives of many am audacious mortal he'd trained, been acquainted with or even simply heard of over the course of his very, very long life - to say nothing of the similarities she already shared with her son.

Nothing particularly noteworthy in the grand scheme of things, but it lined up neatly with what he already knew of the woman.

"She did a lot of good too, helping out at this place...David said it was called Camp Half-blood?"

"I'm aware of the concept."

A summer camp for demigods.

How... decidedly novel.

"Yes, well, it wasn't all sunshine and rainbows. Everything she was doing... David was against her going at it the way she was since before we ever met, and it caused a lot of friction between them over the years until she had Dan and decided to settle down." She said quietly "Some of their rows were messy, and before my little nephew showed up, they only got a little better after they clued me in on the big secret."

"That must have been difficult to come to terms with."

She snorted loudly.

"Oh, horribly."

That very much tracked.

"I thought David was joking, at first. Then I thought that he was having a nervous breakdown when I realized that he was being dead serious. My sweet, hard-working Fiancé to be talking about monsters and things straight out of a children's bedtime story like they were right around the corner and waiting to pop out at us - it scared the life out of me." She took another sip of her mug and blinked slowly. "I'm not... I think the term is 'clear-sighted?' I can't see through the Mist."

She paused.

"Or at least, I normally can't. Evelyn... she was there because David begged her to be, and she did something to me. This temporary trick, and suddenly..."

She stopped again and inhaled shakily.

"I didn't see any monsters, but she made me see enough. To believe, at least."

...

Well then.

That was a very interesting way to put it, wasn't it?

Chiron was aware of the Mist as a concept, but this supposed ability Daniel's mother had possessed... a conceptual ability of some sort?

Most likely.

A power tied to her heritage, perhaps - Hecate was the Goddess of magic... and Mist.

More questions for later.

"The point is, things settled down after Dan was born, and we all had a great time of it. As good as can be. Until six years ago, when an old friend called Evelyn, asking for help, and she decided to drop Dan off at our place and take off. 'Just for a week', she said."

Ah.

So that's how it was.

Sarah smiled sadly when their eyes met again.

"She never made it back - not.... not alive, at least. We held her funeral just a little while later." Her grip on her daughter tightened, nearly imperceptibly. "Dan... it tore him apart. He wouldn't eat and sleep. He didn't even talk for days after we broke the news to him, and barely spoke more than a few words in our direction at all for weeks and weeks afterwards. Grief counselors and all that... none of them helped. It wasn't until I had Alex months down the line that he seemed to come back to life a little, but it still took the better part of a year for him to act like himself and he never brought up Evelyn on his own again. Not once."

The imagery there was potent, and Chiron closed his eyes and leaned back in his chair as he took her words in.

"Grief is a very powerful thing."

"It is, and it was." Sarah agreed, swallowing painfully. "And I don't think I made it any easier in the first few years."

"...How so?"

To that, she laughed again.

This time, it was distinctly more miserable.

"My friend and sister in law had just died, and my husband was a wreck. I had three children - babies - under my roof, one of them a newborn, the other a toddler, and the third was a ghost-" The word caught in her throat, and she looked about a second away from slapping her palm against her mouth to stifle it away. "No, I'm sorry, that was cruel. What I'm trying to say is.... it was all one big mess."

Her eyes began to glisten as her voice wavered, and she wiped at them furiously in between quick, sharp breaths.

"The worst part was that, for the first few months after Dan came to live with us full time, I was so scared." The admission sounded like it was gutting to let loose. "I'd just given birth, and everything seemed so... fragile, and all I could think about was the stories David had told me over the years, about demigods attracting every kind of blood-thirsty monster under the sun. Monsters I wouldn't have even been able to see coming, because I'm just mortal."

And didn't that sound like a trial pulled straight out of the olden stories?

"I can only imagine." He leaned over and placed a hand on her shoulder fleetingly, just long enough to send a burst of steadying warmth through her frame.

She jolted back as he moved away, but the relief in her expression was genuine, and her breathing quickly grew more even.

The look of pain and old regret in her eyes?

Not so much.

"I didn't... reach out to Dan the way I should have." The admission was heavy and impossible to push down once it hit the open air between them. "Not at first. I wasn't quite neglectful, god forbid, but between the girls and the fear, I didn't reach out to him the way I could have - the way I should have. It took time for me to get my head back in the game, and I'll always regret how much of it I wasted before I did."

"Daniel thinks the world of you."

It was merely a statement, not an excuse or forgiveness - if those were necessary at all.

Still, it served its purpose.

Sarah Winchester finally smiled again.

The expression was weak, but it was there all the same.

"Things did get better, eventually. And like I said, he's a sweet boy. Kind. Maybe a little wild here and there, and sweet Jiminy Crickets can he be mouthy when he gets going-" They both snorted in mutual commiseration there. "- but he's got a heart of gold, and now he's with people who can appreciate every part of him. The normal, the supernatural, and excessively too snarky."

Chrion huffed in amusement.

"We're addressing the snark."

"How's that going for you?"

"Moderate progress as of yet. I'll have to get back to you on that one."

They laughed again, before she adjusted the girl sleeping in her arms and sighed peacefully.

"That's what I meant, before, when I talked about happiness. He was always happy, but now he feels... more whole, if that makes sense?"

"It does," Chiron assured her, entirely truthful. "More than you'd expect."

Daniel Winchester

Sairaorg Bael.

When compared to their own reflections from a year past - give or take a couple of months - they were both more whole.

Still plenty rough around the edges. Still scratching at the surface of great potential.

But happier, more capable, and simply more by nearly every metric than they were before.

In a way, so was Chiron, and wasn't that just something special?

The silence stretched, once more companionable, before Sarah shifted in her chair and reached for he mug one last time.

"Phew." She downed her drink and set it aside, trying to brush off some of the lingering weight from their conversation. "That got a little too heavy for my tastes. Sorry about that."

"There's no need to apologise."

Both her and her husband would likely need time to come to terms with everything they learned - even now, Chiron suspected that the true scale of it all hadn't quite sunk in yet.

This evening?

Just a pressure valve going off and letting loose some steam, but he would be ready to entertain their questions whenever they came.

He had promised to take care of them, and he had no intention of going back on his word.

In the meantime, though...

"How about some stories?"

Sarah shifted in surprise... and interest.

"Stories?"

"My students have had a very eventful year of training, and a few adventures to match."

"Really?" Her eyes gleamed with interest. "Oh, David's going to love this. Hit me."

And Chiron smiled.

"Let's start with the dragon."

"..."

"..."

"Dragon."

"Yes."

"As in... Dragon."

"Indeed."

"Giant, fire-breathing murder lizard - that kind of dragon."

"The very one."

"..."

"..."

"Oh, dear God, I'm going to ground them both until they forget what sunlight feels like."

"That's the spirit."

And they went from there.

...​

Regulus felt it the moment the sun-brat did... whatever it was he did that had them being flung across a sea of screaming chaos the likes of which he'd never seen before, and that was saying something, because throughout his existance as both a mythical terror of Ancient Greece and the power behind a Longinus after that, he'd seen a damn lot.

And by it, he didn't mean the method or the power the snarky punk used to pull off that stunt - and make no mistake, he had questions there - but the other, more eerily hackle-raising sensation he'd clocked a second too late to call out in warning.

Nestled deep in the brat's soul, just a split-second before they leaped into something Regulus wasn't even going to pretend to understand, Incinerate Anthem... jolted, almost.

Jumped.

Or maybe just acted up in general.

He couldn't tell for sure.

Couldn't be helped - He'd only come across that semi-sentient and almost always embarrassing hissy fit of a Longinus a few times over the years, and it was always trouble to put up with.

It's wielders?

That much more annoying, with all the charm of splinters lodged in his nigh-invulnerable paws.

Case in point?

Daniel Winchester.

Kill-stealer?

Him?

Hah.

Regulus would teach him some manners and feed him enough dirt that he'd grow roots and thank him for the opportunity, but in his own good time.

Until then, priorities - The kind he could already tell were shaping up to be dangerous in a way that had his soul stirring and rumbling in the confines of his recreated vessel.

This quest...

The centaur had warned him about what to expect, but only in the vaguest sense, their brief conversation toeing the line between interesting and irritating with precision the old horse had probably honed down to an art form.

Brace yourself. Give your expectations room to breathe... and prepare.

At the time, Regulus had only narrowed his eyes at the immortal who'd trained the fool who'd gone on to kill him and growled in acknowledgement.

Not that he held a grudge there, mind you, because he didn't.

His pride was beyond that kind of pettiness, and a win was a win. The only anger leftover from that story was because he never had a chance to get a rematch at his peak afterwards.

Still, he'd known full well that pushing the point wasn't going to get him a straight answer.

If that was on the table, the Trainer would have just come out and said as much, and he hadn't cared enough to press for one either.

That was supposed to be the point of this, wasn't it?

A surprise? A change in routine?

A little fun to step over the crippling boredom he felt outside the spars he had with the other brat, Sairaorg.

Apparently damn-well not.

He'd had just a split-second's worth of sharp warning when Incinerate Anthem's presence flared subtly, the feeling pinging straight up to and off the backs of his teeth and throwing him off his game just enough to make a difference, and then everything careened off the rails and his expectations for the day went off to die in a ditch in hilariously violent ways.

Only Regulus wasn't laughing.

First the fall, if the trip could even be called that.

Really, he wasn't sure it should - falling made sense, after all.

That hadn't.

Then, one after the other, the plot twists started hitting like they had something to prove, starting with that thing in the void they tumbled into, human-shaped but as blatantly overwhelming in sheer existence as any god could ever hope to be, but not one itself.

Himself.

Whichever way that coin landed, if it did at all.

However that played out in the end, he knew one thing for sure - that creature wasn't divine, or even right in any sense of the word.

When he'd stared up at those crimson eyes, somehow immobilised just the same as both brats despite the difference in power, Regulus had felt something so utterly other leering down at him from that perched throne that, had he burst free right then and there - and he had been trying - he would have gone for its throat without so much as blinking.

Not out of anger, or offence - just pure instincts, and his had been screaming in a way that demanded action.

How long had it been since anything had triggered that kind of fight-or-flight response in him?

A genuine threat, the kind that didn't just rile him up and make him itch for a good fight?

He could barely remember.

Then it moved, casting them out of the incomprehensible void of realm with a wave of its hand and a burst of kaleidoscopic light that seared Regulus's eyes in a way he found mildly infuriating - or maybe that was just the frustrating whiplash, either or - and away they went.

When the lights faded and the concept of space itself stopped playing Twister like a human toddler on a nasty sugar rush, they were somewhere else, and again, they appeared somewhere far outside of his frame of reference.

The enclosed garden spreading out around them and towards the walls of the mortal construction was nothing special, and the faint pressure of paper-thin magic didn't raise its value any, but the air itself...

Hmm.

It felt stale - nearly dry in a way that had nothing to do with moisture. As though something critical, fundamental, was missing from the world itself.

Another surprise that felt unflinchingly wrong - and then there was the company this time around.

"Do not fear, master."

The boy who stepped out of the latest light show and couldn't have been that much older than either of Regulus's brats - physically and in appearance, at least - spoke, and there was geniune power in his words.

Enough that the two nuisances in his life shifted to ready stances at once.

"I am Saber, a servant who will protect you. Against any and every threat."

His eyes flickered over the three of them meaningfully, before looking past them to track down the other one the sun-brat had blasted away on sight - and of course, Regulus had already sensed him recovering and getting back to his feet, and that was telling all on its own.

Both of them... they looked like young humans, and felt like it too, but only vaguely.

There was a presence to them that ordinary mortals didn't and couldn't have, and no, it wsn't about the fact that the blue-haired spear wielder was some flavour of demigod, or the more pressing issue in front of him.

Regulus's pupils dilated as he growled warningly at the would-be-knight in shining armour, who, credit where credit was due, met his gaze and his warning flare of power unflinchingly.

But he had good reason too, didn't he?

He would recognise that kind of scent anywhere.

Dragon - at least in part. And that invisible weapon he was brandishing...

Dangerous.

Very dangerous, even by his standards.

"Woah." Sairaorg suddenly raised one hand and kept the other curled into a deceptively loose fist, just enough to imply harmlessness without lowering his guard. Good. "Not a threat. We don't even know who any of you are - or where we are."

True.

"What he said." The sun-brat muttered, but he was angled away, keeping a wary eye on the spearman who'd gotten to his feet between one blink and the next, face assessingly blank even as his red eyes burned with battle-honed intensity. "Just took a hell of a wrong turn at Albuquerque."

The knight's eyes narrowed, but his gaze shifted over to the spearman again, who kept up the blank facade for all of a few seconds, before his expression broke out into a mask of pure bloodlust right after Regulus's own heart.

"I am a threat." He declared, and the knight's face hardened in response. His gauntlets tightened audibly around the grip of his hidden weapon "But not tonight - I know when I've missed my shot."

His gaze darted past the knight, towards the girl who'd been all but cowering behind him in qual parts fear and stunned disbelief. Regulus could tell that she was the weakest person present, and by far.

So completely outstripped that she should have been insignificant in comparison, only a step or two above a bog-standard mortal, but the spearman still looked towards her and she all but trembled as their eyes met.

"Looks like you get to live another day, little lady."

"Hold. Your. Tongue."

The knight stepped forward, just the once, and the air charged with power.

Enough that Sairaorg's aura rippled as his Touki surged closer to the surface, and the sun-brat's presence shifted as his spear's glow began to flicker warningly, like live ordinance about to blow.

Come to think of it, the spiteful little thing was probably reacting to the feel of dragon in the air as well.

For his part, Regulus just watched, and waited in a way that would have had most anyone with anything resembling a brain heading for the door.

After all, he was loud when he wanted to fight.

He was silent when he wanted to kill.

The spearman didn't seem concerned - if anything, his answering grin was delighted.

"So you're the Saber of this Holy Grail War, eh? And you have some fire to you as well." The grin sharpened. "Good. I want this to be fun. Here's hoping that you don't disappoint when the time comes."

Holy Grail?

Then he turned back to the sun-brat, the puzzling words already left behind.

"You."'

The fiery spear rose an inch.

"Me?"

"You're not a servant." Those red eyes flickered to Sairaorg. "And he sure as anything isn't."

"What's a servant?"

"Heh. Nice try, but lying to me is worthless even if you put in the right effort to try." He twirled the spear in his grip, and everyone shifted in preparation - bar the girl, who was still a friend, but Regulus wouldn't expect prey so feeble to move in a field where any errant swipe of an attack could likely utterly eviscerate it. "I've been around enough demigods and druids in my day to recognise them on sight - or anything close enough to count."

His eyes narrowed some more.

"Thing is, I thought people like you - like us - weren't supposed to exist anymore. Not in this pansy era. You especially...what kind of absurd circumstances do you have going for you that the World would have allowed you to be conceived, much less continue to exist?"

Regulus stayed silent, even as the words settled and prickled in his mind.

What was any of that supposed to mean?

"Dude, we have no idea what you're talking about. Sai?"

"What's a demigod?"

"See?"

For a moment, Regulus resisted the urge to huff in exasperation.

Why did he let himself be saddled with these idiots again?

The spearman seemed unbothered.

"Fine. Have it your way, for now. I'll drag the answers out of you when I get back at you for that cheap shot." Then, without another word, he turned back to the knight. "Til next time, Saber."

Then he moved - not fast enough that Regulus couldn't track the motion, but at a speed that was more than respectable for any mortal as he leaped and rocketed towards the roof, bursting through it without an ounce of resistance and an explosion of dust and crumbling debris.

The girl whimpered even as her protector stepped in front of her neatly and swung out a single arm, shielding her from the worst of it without a single word.

"My home."

Regulus saw the knight twitch, like he wanted to give chase - only that would have meant leaving them behind with the girl, and he had yet to take more than a single threatening step away from her.

"So in case that didn't make it abundantly clear, we're not with him."

"..."

"..."

Seriously?

The knight's gaze was stony in silent answer.

"What business do you have with my master?"

"None." Sairaorg offered. "We don't even know who your master is."

"And while we'd love to find out, I have just one question first." The sun-brat, a cheerful smile on his face that was about as genuine as any well wishes Regulus would ever offer him. "You're Arto - Arthur Pendragon, aren't you? The King Of Knights."

...

What?

"What!?"

"What!?"

The girl and Sairaorg voiced the incredulous thought in his place, only just, and the knight stiffened, his stunned silence answer enough.

"You... how?"

Regulus shared the sentiment, looking over the knight - and wasn't that a more fitting title, now - with new eyes.

That power. That presence.

It tracked.

But how... a spirit inheritor?

No, that wasn't it.

What fresh clown show was this?

"I'm going to take that as yes." Oblivious to his thoughts, the sun-brat just kept smiling. "And on that note, I'm going to thoroughly prove that we aren't your problem... by getting right the hell out of your way. Sai, grab the kill-stealer."

And of course, Sairaorg did at once, trust in the loud mouth absolute even in the face of this absurdity.

Regulus almost tore his hand off as it brushed against his mane on sheer principle, but even that fleeting touch was enough.

"Ciao!"

The knight - Pendragon, because why not? - made an aborted move towards them.

Or at least tried to.

His expression cracked upon with more shock, but before he could so much as open his mouth, much less move again, the sun-brat latched on to Sairaorg's shoulder.

Space shifted-

And then they were gone.

...​
The second they dropped down into Dan's home over at Maple - the place they'd planned to end up in in the first place, Sairaorg was rounding on him with enough questions to play competitive bingo like a professional.

"What-?"

"Hold that thought."

Naturally, his best friend didn't answer any of them.

Instead, he stumbled, shook his head, and immediately turned the corner around the living room, stepped into the kitchen, and went straight for the fridge.

"I need a soda pop."

He didn't come back with a soda pop.

Instead, he came back with an entire six-pack, which... honestly?

Fair enough.

Sairaorg grabbed one too... and if his grip was a little unsteady, and his heart was beating loudly enough that he could hear the rhythmic backdrop over every other sound from and around them...

Well, that was his business.

"What was that?"

He winced.

Regulus had beaten him to the punch, and his voice was quiet, which is how Sairaorg knew that he was really unhappy.

Dan didn't answer until he'd cracked open a can of coke and downed it all in one go.

Then he shrugged.

Crap.

"Who knows?"

"Talk."

"You heard me ask for a minute, didn't you?"

"You can have an entire afterlife if I rip you in half, how about that?"

Yikes.

Sairaorg didn't think for a moment that Regulus actually would, but his voice was just a little too sharp for comfort.

That last ten minutes... they hadn't been fun.

Or made sense.

For any of them.

Did I just meet King Arthur?

What even-?

"I'm taking a minute, kill-stealer. Trust me, we just dodged a bullet the size of a tank shell." Dan stopped and tilted his head to the side. "Or a nuke, probably. Yeah, nuke sounds better."

Then he grabbed another can and almost exploded it in his grip.

Somehow, that didn't help his mood any.

"Stupid unreliable power. Stupid magic old man. Stupid sword of mass destruction - why does everything always level up when I'm not looking?"

The words were a hissed whisper, tinged with as much raw panic as Sairaorg had been pushing down from the moment they'd seen... that man, sitting on his throne in the middle of very literal nothingness, but he heard them just fine.

That didn't mean he understood them.

"Dan."

He looked up, face carefully calm in a way that told Sairaorg that he was having a fit and a half beneath the surface, and for good reason too.

Which, again, was perfectly cool. He was in the same boat and everything.

He just didn't know where that boat was sailing too, and Dan did - somehow.

Another son of Apollon gimmick?

Or was it something else?

"...I'll tell you later." His eyes flickered to Regulus, and then he grunted grudgingly. "The kill-stealer too. We can bring him up to speed on everything else on the way, too."

"Why not-?"

"Sai."

His voice stopped that question dead in its tracks.

"Sai, we're here."

He sucked in a sharp breath, cold realization replacing incredulity as the reminder came rushing right back.

Dan saw it for what it was pretty much instantly, and he grinned.

"It's quest time, buddy. First things first, though."

He dropped down to a knee, let his spear drop as he sealed away his armour and unslung his backpack... and then he pulled out a flip phone.

If he wasn't having a teensy bit of a crisis at the moment, Sairaorg would have probably snorted at how anticlimactic that was.

"Somehow, I don't think we're living up to the classic Greek hero questing manual."

"Of course we're not." Dan didn't look up as he punched in the numbers they'd both memorised by heart, just to be safe. "Most of those guys usually had prophecies, ominously disturbing deadlines, and had, like, two to three violent and tragic detours per quest. At minimum. My modern-day relatives around here aren't that much better, either."

This time, Sai's lips did twitch, just a little.

"Guess we're not following the script, then."

Obviously, and he already knew it, but their goofy back and forth always helped centre his nerves.

"Duh." Dan's eyes gleamed almost manically as he grinned back up at him, before putting the phone to his ear as it started to ring. "Screw all that noise. We're speed-running the hell out of this thing."

...​
Gleeson Hedge startled awake as his phone rang, kicking up racket in his coat pocket so loud he nearly pitched halfway across the street away from the bench he'd been using to catch some shut-eye while he had the chance.

"Damn..."

Fumbling with it was a trial and a half as it was, and he already looked like he'd been through two dozen of them and some change.

His head hurt. His horns and hooves ached. His limbs felt worn and his clothes made him look like he'd been homeless from birth, but that's just what happens when you spend the better part of a week dodging hungry monsters who thought that Satyr was a great source of protein.

The bags under his eyes alone were practically a cry for help - Not that he needed it, really.

He had his trusty baseball bat - spiked through with celestial bronze nails, naturally - and he'd shown that sleazy dracaena and a good bunch of her friends that he wasn't afraid to use it.

Mama Hedge didn't raise no wimp!

... course he'd bolted after more of them showed up, but if they weren't going to fight fair, he wasn't going to stick around and give the dozen or so ravenous snake women with terrible breath and uglier teeth a free meal.

Mama Hedge didn't raise a suicidal moron, either, no matter what the stunts he used to get up to back in the day.

Still, as stiff as his spine was and as clearly capable a satyr he was... It had been a rough few months.

Ever since David Winchester had called, half out of his mind and begging him of all people for help...

Damn it.

He hadn't thought he'd see the day when Evelyn's brother called him for anything, ever.

He didn't like David. David didn't like him.

Or, actually, that's how it used to be.

These days, it was more that he didn't like David, and David hated him with so much fury it was a miracle he hadn't ended up dead the last time they'd met.

He'd even gone into the thing expecting to be stabbed at least, because he knew that Evelyn had given him some celestial bronze keepsakes over the years.

Some worst stuff too - and he wouldn't have blamed him that much for trying, especially not on that day.

After what had happened... what he'd had a hand in causing...

He swallowed roughly even as he hit the call.

Years later, and the guilt still rolled like poison in his gut, and when David had called and told him that Evelyn's son was missing...

Well.

He'd made a few calls, dropped everything he was doing and - after making sure he wasn't looking for a dead kid in a way he was never thinking about again, ever - came running right over.

And now...

It had been a rough few months, but he could have a depressing spiral over coffee and enough banana bread to send him into a food coma as soon as he could get his hands on it.

For now, though... he had work to do.

He grunted and accepted the call.

"Hello." The voice on the other end was young, but confident like it had no choice but to be. That was standard fare around these parts. "Is this Gleeson Hedge?"

"That's me." His voice sounded raspy and out of use even to himself, and he almost winced before pushing past it and licking his dry lips. "Who's asking?"

Then his brain finished waking up, and he sniffed suspiciously.

"And how did you get this number?"

He didn't hand this one out to just anybody. Phones were a tricky business in this gig.

"My uncle gave it to me."

Unc-?

And suddenly, Gleeson was wide awake - so wide that his eyes nearly popped out of their skull, and his heart scraped against the roof of his ribcage with how furiously it jumped.

No.

He was never that lucky.

No damn way-

"I'm Daniel Winchester. I think you knew my mom?"

"..."

"..."

"..."

"Hello?"

Too late.

The phone had already slipped out of his grip and clattered against the pavement.

To Gleeson, the small impact may as well have been a meteor strike, and it echoed in his head in way that was three times as loud and cataclysmic.

"Hello? Anyone still there? Cause I just dropped a super dramatic one-liner, and I'm going to look real dumb if things don't pan out the way I planned."

...

...

..

Oh, what the Tartarus was this?

....​

Dan, realizing he's landed in the Nasuverse, met Zeltretch and wound up in an opening scene to a grail war in under ten minutes:


View: https://imgur.com/PtV0PI6​


Dan's Family and Hedge realizing he's not simply inherited his mother Chaotic genes... he's exceeded them:


View: https://imgur.com/l1zJDcK​


As always, leave your comments and ideas and if you don't like it, please be courteous.
Last edited: Nov 15, 2025
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Darkplayer35, Ender Wiggen and 1,024 others
Firewillreign
Jul 13, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks We Talk Some Stuff Out, And We Make An Entrance
View content
Firewillreign
Firewillreign
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 26, 2023
Messages888
Likes received82,880
Jul 31, 2025
Add bookmark
#1,912
Thought this chapter would take me a good bit longer to write. Then I got hit with some truly terrible rl circumstances.

Zero stars, would not recommend.

On the plus side, writing helped take my mind off of it and meant I finished this earlier than expected, so it all worked out at the end lol.

The last 'slow''chapter of the quest - thought it speeds up quite a bit near the end - before we start ramping up in the coming chapters, and this arc isn't a super drawn out one, so due with that what you will.

"Daniel Winchester."

It might have been the static, the background noise on his end of the call or even my own judgment fritzing after the brush with hilariously, hysterically stupid danger we'd just dipped out of on the double, but Gleeson Hedge's voice…

It wasn't what I expected it to be.

I mean, to be fair, I wasn't sure what I expected there to begin with, given that I didn't know all that much about the guy in the first place.

According to Uncle David, he'd known my mom.

They'd been friends and everything, and they'd even worked together over on… let's call it the other side of the Mist.

That was already hard to put into context or think about at all for reasons as plain obvious as the nose on your face, but I also knew - remembered, only relatively recently and real vaguely at that - he wasn't just another background nobody in the grand scheme of things.

Because of course it wouldn't be that simple.

Instead - and take this with a grain of salt or three, because I'm the furthest thing from confident here- I was pretty sure that one day, he'd wind up helping a handful of quirky demigods on a classic 'do this, this, and that pronto or the world as you know it is toast with a side of Tartarus' type quest... and that was about all I could come up with there.

I'm not kidding, either.

It took a long while, but after racking my brain for any details until the inside of my skull felt like a pressure cooker ready to go off, the best I could come up with was a handful of shaky names and the idea - and calling it that is me being generous - that that the whole circus there had something to do with... Hera?

And...wolves, maybe?

For some reason?

Either way, whatever that was all about was just a whole other thing entirely.

Or will be a whole other thing, I guess.

…Will have been?

Eh, who even knows anymore - and, no, that wasn't a rhetorical question, because the answer was just flat out not me.

I had way too many things on my plate now to worry about stuff that was probably - hopefully - primed to go off years and years down the line, and even if all I knew about that fiery mess in the making didn't basically boil down to a list of unreliable footnotes with more holes in it than a block of swiss cheese, I still wouldn't go looking for more trouble ahead of time.

Modern Greek heroing 101: Unless you're all out of options, even the terrible ones, avoid the crap out of any prophecies.

Seriously, just don't.

Eight and a half times out of ten, they were the ultimate monkey's paw, where the paw comes back to life, resurrects the rest of the monkey for good measure and then they both set out into the world with the express purpose of making your life miserable - however long the rest of it lasts afterwards anyway, and good luck getting a healthy average on that one.

Really, good luck getting a healthy anything once you get involved with one of those.

My dad may be the god of oracles and future knowledge, but that didn't mean those things wouldn't screw me over just as badly as the next dude down the street and then some, so... yeah.

Let's not - not right this second, at least.

But back to Hedge now: his voice wasn't what I would have expected it to be, knowing all that I did.

Rough and keen, sure, but also a little haggard, just enough to be noticeable, and I could hear his breaths, all slow and deliberate like he wasn't quite in tiptop shape and was powering through it through sheer force of habit.

Sairaorg and I both knew the feeling.

"Daniel Winchester." He repeated, and there it was again - that same careful tone. "Evelyn Winchester's boy?"

I was too wired up to flinch at the name, even if I did inhale bracingly before breathing out just as quickly.

You know. For luck.

"That's me." I agreed, and he didn't have anything to say to that just yet. "I hope this isn't a bad time?"

"..."

"..."

The silence that followed didn't fill me with confidence, and wasn't that a great note to start off with?

"...Are you kidding me?"

I blinked.

"What?"

"I-You-" He cut himself off, hissing a sharp breath into the phone in a way that me resisting the urge to wince and pull away from it. "Back up. Back all the way up."

"Sure?"

What was there to back up to?

"You say you're Daniel Winchester."

"I... do." I said slowly. "Because I am."

"And say I believe you-"

"Why wouldn't you believe me?"

"Because life, the world and the three fateful old hags that run it all from the top are never that good to me," He said bluntly, voice crackling over the line, and only a moron wouldn't have understood who he was talking about with a hint that ham-fisted. "That, and a whole dictionary's worth of words I won't be spitting out on the off-chance that you actually are a fourteen-year-old pipsqueak."

"I'm nearly fifteen, and pipsqueak? Really?"

"...Say I believe you." He repeated again, and some of that sharp skepticism bled off into something I didn't quite recognise. "I have questions."

Well, alright then.

"'Hit me. I'm an open book."

Which was a bold-faced lie. Without the right context, my existence probably read like and made about as much sense as a half-baked bedtime story that an asylum inmate jotted down on the back of a bunch of used napkins with finger paint and spaghetti sauce, but hey.

It was the thought that counted, right?

Right.

"Where are you?" He cut that line of thought right off and got right to it. "Are you safe?"

"Pretty much. I'm home." I answered, before clearing my throat. "Back home, I mean. My uncle's place."

I knew why he was asking - Uncle David had mentioned something about tipping the man off all the way back when I first 'disappeared', asking for help finding me, and that made sense.

I knew that one of the big things satyrs around these parts were responsible for was finding and guiding rookie demigods, even if that obviously went absolutely nowhere where I was concerned.

"That's...good." He seemed...surprised. "Good. How long have you been back?"

"It's been a couple of-"

Hold it.

The word died in my throat as I suddenly remembered one teensy, tiny little tidbit that had nearly slipped my mind mid-conversation - I'd told my uncle to keep my coming back a secret.

From my... father specifically, sure, but that gag order ballooned out to cover pretty much everyone else on the spot, because who the heck would Uncle David talk to about me that wouldn't become a total security risk the moment an Olympian looked at them funny?

Long story short?

Gleeson Hedge knew I'd up and vanished off the face of the planet - literally - but he didn't know I'd been 'back' for a good long while at this point, and I had a gut feeling that letting it slip and telling him as much would come back to bite me with a grudge if I wasn't careful.

Awesome.

Naturally, I did the mature thing and promptly clobbered my potential problem over the head before pitching it into a ditch for later.

"-days." I finished a little lamely. "Couple of days."

There.
That was better… but not really good, either.

I could tell, because the second stretch of silence that followed was somehow all sorts of loud in that special way these things tended to get after someone screwed up hard enough.
I could put two and two together and understand why, more or less, but you could nearly hear the awkward cricket noises anyway.

"...Two. Days."

I almost winced at the tone.

"Give or take, yeah."

A second passed.

The another.

And another.

And then-

"...David Winchester, you insufferable, thickheaded, lamebrained little-"

I saw it coming, but this time I did wince as the guy broke out into a tirade of... let's call them words - either that, or war crimes against polite language - so fiery they were probably a health hazard to anyone within twenty feet of him.

Call me crazy, but I don't think he liked my uncle much, and the last time we talked I got the impression that the feeling was entirely mutual, and real personal too.

Didn't know why, and there was a story there, but I didn't go looking for answer I didn't need, even if I was curious - I could figure all that out in my own good time.
Still…

"...Had one job, you complete and utter bag of-!"

Guess he wasn't kidding about that dictionary, and man was he nettled. I didn't even know you could use some of those words like that, and I'm not talking about the Greek ones.

Credit where credit was due, though, because he got a hold of himself real quick a few seconds later and rounded back on me so fast I could almost feel him glaring at the phone through the other end of the call.

"Where. On Pan's Good Earth. Have You Been?"

"Well, see-"

"No, wait, don't answer that. Not right now."

Don't gotta tell me twice. I wasn't going to give him a straight answer anyway.

"We'll get to that later. First things first - You said you were at your uncle's?"

My brow rose an inch.

"Yes, but-"
"No buts. Sit tight. I'll be there in a few hours."

"Come again?""

"You heard me. Unless you're in danger, and I know you know the kind I mean-"

"Hold on a second-"

"Kid - If that's who you are, because I'm still not entirely sold on that one." He said, very, very seriously, and also as dryly as a desert at the peak of summer. "I've been' holding on' for the better part of a year."

I opened my mouth… and quickly closed it again, because rats dang it, that was actually a fair point.

"Even longer if you count... ah, to the Pit with it. Just stay where you are. I'm getting a good look at you today and getting you somewhere safe if it's the last thing I do."

By which he meant Camp Half-Blood, which, from his point of view, was probably the best thing he could do for me given everything.

Not that there was a blue moon's chance in any universe that I'd set foot in that place anytime soon unless things got really twisted, but again, it was the thought that counted.

Points for effort and all that.

"Look, there's no need to rush. " I considered what I was going to say next carefully. "You said you were a few hours away? Are you at the city? Or close to it?"

"That's right. Why?"

Because that shuffled some things around in my head, but didn't mess with the big picture at all.

"My aunt's cousin has a place out in Queens-"

"I know the one." He cut me off impatiently. "What's that have to do with anything?"

"You have questions you want to ask me, and I have some questions I need to ask you. The real important kind, too." I smiled a little, even though he couldn't see it - call it a reflex. "How about we meet up there?"

Technically, we didn't need to.

Meet up, I mean.

When Sairaorg and I planned this out, it didn't take us long to realize that, at worst, if push came to shove and trouble came knocking like a troupe of girl scouts selling cookies and surprise sucker punches, this part of things at least could be settled with just a phone call.

Technically - again - if everything went well, I'd only need that much to ask a couple of questions and narrow down where the Golden Fleece was supposed to be.

After all, unless the universe really had it out for us- and I mean more so than usual, duh - the overpowered relic of divine-grade healing could only be in one of two spots, and each one was its own special kind of prime-time headache, but either one of those was a mess for future me to juggle when it was his turn at the driver's wheel.

Point is, the most important thing we needed to figure out could be taken care of right here, and right now, assuming Hedge played ball.

But even if things were that simple, and they obviously weren't…

We were on a time crunch - a personal deadline, but it still counted -and I don't think I personally owed him enough to throw our game plan out of whack, but he deserved something after all the pointless trouble he'd probably gone through over the last few months and it wasn't like quick face-to-face meeting would ruin much of anything.
Besides, it was just decent. The principle of the thing and all that noise, and... he knew my mom.

He was her friend.

That counted for something too, and might come in handy down the line even beyond the answers and the help I could get him to fork over once we got down to business.

Even Chiron agreed.

"We can be at the apartment inside of an hour, more or less. Would that be enough time for you to meet us there?"

There was another pause.

"...You know, I'm not going to ask how, because I have a gut feeling that you either won't give me a straight answer-"

True.

"-or you're going to say something that's going to make me want to bang my head against the nearest streetlight until some wimpy mortal freaks out and calls the cops again."

That's…

"Again?

"Not important." He snapped. "Don't think I missed the rest of that, either. What's all this 'we' business?"

"I'm on… something of a road trip with a couple of friends." Well, one friend and a kill-stealing cat with an attitude bigger than that ridiculous mane, but explaining that would take the better part of forever. "It's nothing to be worried about."

Before you ask, I know exactly how unhelpful that sounded.

Heck, I'd be giving myself the stink eye if I was on the other end of this and then some.

"A couple of friends, and nothing to be worried about, huh?' Calling his voice unimpressed didn't do it justice. "Because that doesn't smell fishy at all."

Thing is, he wasn't wrong.

"Sorry?"

He exhaled heavily, sounding irritated and about seven different kinds of done with this conversation and life in general - I know that feeling too - and then he grunted something back at me.

"Fine."

I perked up, because finally.

"I can be there in an hour. But no funny business, or I'll make you regret it."

"We'll be waiting."

I didn't acknowledge the threat.

"Damn right you will, or I'm hunting you down, and I ain't gonna be nice about it when I get my hands on you. And if you're not who you say you are, then you had better be a god instead because that's the only way you're getting out of there in one piece if I have anything to say to say about it."

"..."

"..."

"...You do know that, if I was a god in disguise - for some reason - saying that to my face could end real badly for you, right?"

It wasn't a threat on my end, just basic common sense.

If there's one thing that the divine powers that be hated - and not just the Greek ones either - it was being called out or threatened by mere mortals, even if they were playing possum, acting outside of their specific domain or doing whatever the heck else they wanted.

Sometimes especially then.

That was a good way to get zapped into a pile of dust, or turned into a goldfish and tossed into an aquarium full of hungry piranhas, or anything else that was existentially horrifying enough to pass muster - and the bad endings tended to get worse the more creative the god you ticked off was feeling.

"I didn't say it to your face. I said it over the phone."

… Fair enough.

That was my kind of logic right there.

"Besides, my bat is rated E for everyone, pipsqueak. God or not, I can get one good whack in before I get smote."

And that… yeah, I had no idea what to say to that.

"Not a pipsqueak."

He just snorted.

"I'll believe it when I see it. Until then - Hedge, out."

Then he hung up on my with a click.

"This satyr's going to be an absolute character, isn't he?"

"I think he sounds fun."

This time I snorted, before turning to give Sairaorg a dry look. He'd been leaning against the fridge, arms crossed and halfway across the kitchen, but with the kind of senses we had, he might as well have been listening over my shoulder the whole time.

"Well of course you would."

"What's that supposed to mean?"

"Nothing, but be careful there anyway, Sai. Your mind's starting to show again"

"What's wrong with my mind, then?"
"You mean besides not having one?"

He raised a brow

"Ha ha. If that's you saying you have a brain where I don't, then I'm not sure I'm missing out on anything special. You know, given your track record and all."

"That's-" I stopped, blinked, and cracked a grin that he threw back at me right on the spot, naturally "Damn, that was actually a good one.

"Thanks, I try."

"Also screw you. That's our track record."

"Yeah, but it's funnier when I say it this way.."

"...And I can't argue that, either."

"Hah!"

Two good points in a row, huh?

Crap, I'm losing ground over here.

"Well-"

"If you're quite done." Regulus' irritated growl cracked through our fun like a whip - a real nasty one, barbed with wire, spite and all things not at all nice "Thousands of years of imprisonment as a cheat code and a bauble for humans to fawn over, and never once have I regretted my continued existence as I do right now."

Real cheery, isn't he?

"Sounds rough. Have you considered therapy?

His eyes narrowed at me, and his mane bristled sharply. The general feeling of restrained murder he usually radiated like a faulty microwave increased exponentially.

"You. Talk. Now.

"You're going to have to be more specific. All I do is talk."

I know, I know, I have a problem.

In my defence though, my heart wasn't in it that time. It was just a reflex, and I was deflecting only long enough to come up with the explanation he was obviously chomping at the bit to hear.

I guess he must have seen through me too, because Regulus didn't make good on his unspoken threat and come at me like a pinata - his golden eyes just narrowed a hair's breadth more, and he stared at me with edged patience that just about screamed 'get to the flipping point!"

That, or he was silently debating the pros and cons of introducing sun-flavoured demigod to his diet.

Could be either or, really.

"I have a pretty cool power." I started, and his attention sharpened quickly. "Innate, long-distance teleportation."

Very long distance.

Absurdly long distance - and borderline impossible distance as well.

"Not exactly a five star ride, even on my end-"

Sairaorg coughed into his fist and tried his level best not to laugh, and I resisted the urge to kick him in the shin.

"-but it gets the job done when I need it to. Usually."

"Usually?"

"You were just along for the trip, weren't you?" I shrugged nonchalantly. "As far as I can tell, if I'm not a hundred and twenty percent focused when I bring someone along, their 'weight' sort of muddles the jump and we misfire to… someplace else entirely."

But for all that I put it that way, I could tell that this time had been…different.

Look, I'm not an expert - or maybe I technically am, and only by default - but the world-jumping had only misfired once before, and that had been because of Sairaorg.

This time, though…

I idly raised a hand and pressed it against my chest.

Now that I wasn't in "pure fight, flight or die spectacularly" mode because of where we'd ended up… now that I really thought about it…

I glanced at Sairaorg and shrugged again, with ease that I really didn't quite feel.

"I think it might have been my gear."

I wasn't sure, not even close, but I'd felt something that might have been a nudge.

A soul nudge.

That or just plain old nerves, but when have I ever been that lucky?

His eyes widened a little, and he stood up straighter as he uncrossed his arms.

"I thought you had it in the bag."

"I do. Or I did, but-"

I hesitated, and he noticed.

"What?"

"Nothing. It might have acted up the day before because of… reasons, maybe-" And I wasn't following up on that unless it was at active risk of blowing up in my face, not with everything else going on. "-But Chiron knows about it, and he told me not to worry about it."

For now, at least.

That got him to nod and shrug it off easily enough.

Regulus?

Not so much.

"I know about the gear. I felt it act up." He rumbled, voice even in a way that inspired absolutely zero confidence at all. "And I don't care why."

He didn't give either of us time to process that confirmation, either.

"Where was it that you landed us? And what was that thing sitting on its throne?"

Ah.

That.

"I don't actually know for sure."

Sairaorg frowned, and Regulus's pupils shrank some more, but I wasn't lying.

Not really.

Sure, I recognised him, even if I didn't recognise the first place we'd tumbled down into - and blindingly quickly too - but only in the same way that I recognised Sairarog, way back when, and then Kuisha Abaddon and Coriana Andrealphus all the way down that line after that.

Regulus didn't even need an explanation, and I knew a lot more about the four of them and than I did about him.

"His name is Zelretch," I said, almost certain that that was it, and the word sounded heavier on my tongue than it had any right to be. "The Old Man Of The Jewels."

And that's about all I knew about him, except for one little tidbit I couldn't not bring it up.

'"He's like me, I think." I met Sairaorg's gaze and nodded meaningfully. "He can do what I do, I mean."

Not exactly.

Probably not even similarly, and there were oodles of complexity more to his gimmick than there were to mine, from the barest whispers of information I could remember - and I wouldn't even trust those as far as I could throw Sairaorg - but there was enough crossover fuel there that I had to mention it.

The meaning hit him like a lightning bolt, and his brows almost achieved orbital lift off with how quickly they shot up.

"No way."

"I know, right?"

Another world-jumper.

Wild didn't cover it.

Again, I didn't know much about him and his title - or his entire world, while we're on that - bar some super specific information for obvious reasons.

HIs goals, his role, his friggin anything besides the fact that he existed and had some scary, scary powers were all one big question mark wrapped in tin foil and buried in an unmarked grave out in the boonies.

And, after spending all of a minute in his presence, if even that, I felt like a bug that had gone hurtling off towards an omnipotent windshield at terminal velocity and only avoided being splattered by the skin of my teeth. The sheer aura of unfathomable wrongness that I'd gotten a whiff off when I stared into those crimson eyes was something else entirely.

The fact that he'd basically slapped us out of that eldritch, spine-twisting void of a realm we'd met in and sent flying down into what had to be ground zero of a Holy Grail War…

Surprisingly, that hadn't helped.

Just, why even?

There was no answer I could come up with with the scattered, flimsy pieces I had bouncing around in my head, but noping the heck right out of there had to have been the smartest decision I've ever made in my life, and for good freaking reason too.

Now explaining that to Regulus - who was still staring at me like he was considering reenacting a grisly episode of national geographic's top five carnivore maulings - was going to be the mother of all pains in the neck, because I couldn't come out and just tell him what was what.

Of course not.

I was back home, in my birth world, and coming right out with the whole truth without any Chiron-grade protections against scrying and any of a thousand different flavours of long-distance reality bending voyeurism was a mythically bad idea of titanic proportions, because privacy you didn't work for around here was either total make believe or a total joke.

And speaking of the Nemean Lion in question…

"The Old Man Of The Jewels." He tasted the words with something very low and equally razor sharp in his tone. Absolute interest, but with a menacing tilt to it right out of a horror movie or three. "I've never heard that title before."

Be surprised if you had, kill-stealer.

"Who is it- he?"

In a way, I could get why he kept calling Zelretch an it - he hadn't felt natural in a way that not even the gods I'd met could match.

It wasn't a power thing either - my dad was the sun in a way that wasn't literal but transcended ordinary metaphor all the same, and he still didn't feel other in quite the same way as the old man had.

Everything about that encounter rubbed me the wrong way the longer I thought about it, but I didn't have time to focus on something like that now.

"I just told you, I barely have an idea beyond his name - and I don't even know what the title itself is supposed to mean."

Beyond the vaguest idea that it had something to do with his magic, I had nothing.

Surprisingly, Regulus didn't press the issue.

"And what came after that, then? That place he banished us to, and those humans." He said 'humans' like he was humoring a concept he just didn't care enough to argue about. "What's the story there?"

"That's more complicated."

Boy was it ever, but it was Sairaorg that shrugged and went back to leaning against the wall expectantly.

"We have a little time. An hour, right?"

Right.

How do I break this down without dropping anything too dangerous or outright insane?

I thought about it for a second, and.. oh.

Actually, now that I think about it, there was an easy way to lead up to this, isn't there?

"You know what Spirit Inheritors are, right?"

Humans who've taken on the spirits - or just the impression of them, possibly - of former legendary 'heroes' or powerful figures from history in the modern day, and somehow wound up stacking both their own natural born potential and their predecessor's together.

At least in theory.

In practice, the results usually wind up all over the place, but that's a whole other thing to boot.

Sairaorg nodded - after the way Chiron had drilled us, neither of us would forget anything that straightforward for at least a century and a half - and Regulus grunted flatly.

"Do I look like an ignorant fool?"

…Don't take the bait, don't take the bait, don't take the bait.

Me lips twitched, and Regulus didn't miss it.

"Go on. I dare you."

It physically hurt me not to say something cathartic, but I found the strength to move past it anyway.

I could always rib him later and all that.

"The place that we ended up, and the timing of it too… it was pretty much the opening stage for a ritualistic 'war', a battle royale between 'Servants' who're actually the materialised spirits of great figures from across history. Think spirit inheritors, but instead of being… well, inherited, the originals are just outright summoned and manifest from beyond the grave in their own corporeal forms, all while anchored to a 'Master' as part of the magic that brought them back in the first place. It's what keeps them around until the Master can't, or they're killed instead."

Master or Servant, and sometimes Master and Servant both.

They took that in silently.

Objectively speaking, it was a terrible explanation.

The thing was so barebones it was basically a sun-bleached skeleton just looking for an excuse to snap like a twig, but in a pinch like this, it'd do the job.

"Okay." Sai tried to parse through it quickly. "Why, exactly?"

"It's part of the greater ritual. The Servants are supposed to fight, taking one another out until only one remains. The Masters might end up going the same way, even if they technically don't matter in the grand scheme of things. All the while, as the other six bite it, this mechanism I'm not even going to try to explain or understand myself gathers up all their magical energy and piles it up all nice and neatly until the end of the war, and then it's used to grant the winning pair a wish each."

"A wish?"

"Think Aladdin and the magic lamp, only it's a holy grail instead." They both stiffened, and I shook my head quickly. "Not that one. Not even close."

I could understand the reaction though, because who couldn't?

The Sephiroth Graal was a hydrogen bomb of a Sacred Gear and potential disaster and nobody sane took that thing lightly in any capacity.

"It's not even an Abrahamic relic or anything." I'd bet a gold bar on that too, even If I couldn't remember the details with perfect clarity. "Just something cribbing on the name and style."

"And this wish can be anything?"

The curiosity there was totally valid. So was the interest.

Too bad I had to snuff it out.

"No clue."

"Dude."

"I know. Not helpful." I tried not to snicker at the look on his face. "If it makes you feel better, I'm, like, ninety percent sure that it won't matter anyway. No one's getting a wish from that thing no matter how it plays out."

Sai paused as he considered that.

"Again, why?"

This time, it was Regulus that finally snorted.

"Isn't it obvious? If something is too good to be true, it almost always is. Wish granting…" He snorted again. "Please. The number of ways something as moronically open-ended as that can go wrong are nearly limitless."

I thought about that for a second - and then I found myself abruptly imagining burning cities and otherworldly monsters emerging from cursed mud, and I rolled right on back and slammed that mental door shut behind me.

It can always get worse, can't it?

"You're not wrong."

He scoffed pointedly.

"Of course I'm not." Classy. ""How do you know all of this?"

"What?"

The question I'd seen coming a mile away, but he'd dropped it at my feet so abruptly that I'd almost stumbled back on instinct.

"You keep feeding me scraps." the lion said warningly, teeth flashing quickly and back as his head tilted to the side. Still just as nettled as before. "Bits and pieces barely worth a damn. But those scraps had to have come from somewhere."

"You did ask." I muttered, but he ignored me.

"Names and titles I've never heard of, and even if I've never pretended to have any claim to omniscience, something about it all still doesn't sit well with me."

"I guess I can't blame you for that." I had a sudden flash of inspiration, something in between a joke and stroke of genius, and I couldn't help myself. "It does sound pretty out of this world.

Pun, absolutely intended - who do you think I am?

Behind him, Sairaorg started before he hit me with the most deadpanned expression I'd seen from him yet.

Really?

I just shrugged some more.

He knows what I'm about - and on the bright side, I could see something come over Regulus. Not realisation, because I hadn't stressed the words enough to give them meaning, but maybe something like it's third cousin twice removed.

A seed still too faint to grow into anything useful, but it probably would if we kept feeding it.

Assuming I wasn't just reading into his twitching a little too much.

Oh, and there's the growling again.

"That's not an answer, sun-brat."

"Yeah, but that is." I smiled as I started to lie shamelessly - another essential skill for the enterprising Greek hero in the making! "Think about who my dad is and what his domains are for five seconds, and you'll figure it out."

There was a deliberate pause.

"Prophecy? Revelations? Hidden knowledge? Knowing stuff I have no business knowing is basically genetic for me."

As always, the best part was that it wasn't technically wrong - just taken so far out of context the picture it set up was about as easy on the eyes as an Escher painting.

"Really?" Regulus said flatly. "That's the story you're going with."

"That's the only story there is to go with." I argued right back. "Look, I'm going to sum it up for you just so we can get this over with already - I don't know why we ended where we did the first time, no clue why we were sent off to the second, and the only thing on my mind right now is finishing off the quest we actually set of to complete before worrying about any of it. And yes, I know I'm being vague, and while I'd love to tell you that I'm doing it to annoy you-"

He snarled lowly, but I got the feeling it was half-hearted and more for show than anything else.

"-it's actually because the rest of this story is so messy that I just refuse to give you anything else until we're somewhere I'm confident we can't be spied on."

Regulus… actually seemed to consider that carefully.

"The centaur's home."

I nodded slowly.

"Safest place in the universe from where I'm standing."

That universe, anyways.

"..."

"..."

"...Fine."

Oh thank dad.

I almost exhaled relief, until the overgrown cat had to ruin it again.

"You get a pass, for now."

Me eye twitched.

"Every word out of your jaws is so over the top and edgy I'm constantly amazed that you're not cutting your tongue open on every other sentence."

"I am famed for my invulnerability. You have nothing going for you besides a handful of half-baked tricks to stand on." Lions physically can't smirk, but I'll buy a hat and eat it too if that smug, mean expression didn't translate into one anyway. "Keep that in mind the next time you want to run your mouth."

Tricks?

I scowled and turned to Sairaorg.

"You see what I mean?"

"I think anyone can see what you both mean."

"Real helpful, you absolute traitor."

He snickered.

"Honestly, I'm still stuck on the fact that we met… that knight."

I stared at him, and idly realized that he was totally right.

For a devil especially, meeting Arthur Pendragon - who should have been an Artoria, but who even cares about that anymore - would be a big, big deal.

"One of the most famous Holy Sword wielders to ever live, and we saw him up close and personal." Sai seemed almost awed by it, in hindsight. "It's insane."

I huffed a small laugh.

"Oh, you have no idea."

The King Of Knights, who wielded the ever famous Excalibur - one that was never broken, unlike its counterpart in Sai's world.

And, unless I was way off the mark, that difference didn't matter at all.

The reforged fragments could go up against everything up to a god with the right wielder, and the completed thing was an order of magnitude beyond even that, but Arthur's one still made all of them look like limited edition toys in comparison.

Probably.

Still, for all that it would have been… awesome to see, really, we wouldn't be finding out for sure anytime soon, because we weren't going back to that place either.

I might not know the way we were sent there - or if there was any reason to it at all - but even without the quest for the Fleece, we had absolutely no stakes in that hurricane of bad mojo whatsoever.

No.

Just no.

"Ah." Regulus up. "The boy who reeked of dragon, and with a name I did recognise. With him alone, that 'war' of yours seems interesting. That spearman wasn't half bad, either, even if a half-baked demi-brat managed to score a hit on him."

Oh, yeah. The guy I'd magically sucker punched by way of a beam of sunlight.

Cú Chulainn

Irish Hercules, basically, as opposed to… actual Hercules.

Who's also involved in the Holy Grail War.

How terrifying… and also impressive in a way that had me switching tracks again before I started entertaining some especially stupid thoughts, even by my standards.

That was about the point where Sai rounded on Regulus, looking abruptly excited.

"Dragon?"

Then they both turned to me expectantly.

"Well?"

I…alright, fine.

I sighed, before reaching over the counter and snagging another soda can - Aunt Sarah was going to skin me when she realized how many of them I'd downed in one go, but I could just buy a couple of six-packs to store up the fridge and maybe I'd get off scott-free.

Here's hoping.

"I guess we have the better part of an hour to kill. What do you want to know?"

…

Ten minutes before we were due to meet up with Hedge, I finally relaxed the almost unconscious grip I'd been wrapping around my divine power since the second we'd gotten here, more or less.

With the threat of you-know-who's attention falling on me if I tapped into it too much, I'd been wound up tighter than a turtle in its shell, but now I let it unfurl just the slightest-


"Boo!"

I jumped so high my head nearly burst through the roof.

"Son of a- Sairaorg!"

"Sorry, I couldn't help it."

He was still cackling even after I finished glaring at him with enough heat to strip the paint off the walls.

"I want you to remember this moment, when I get even. Remember it real well."

Regulus closed his eyes and huffed out a long, deliberately drawn out breath.

"If you start again, there will be blood."

I wanted to throw something at him, but it'd have just bounced off that golden hide, so I muttered something that'd have all the adults in my life drawing sticks to feed me a bar of soap and raised my hands into the air.

"They Who Walk Amongst Us."

One spell.

Technically, it was still divine thaumaturgy.

Only, this one didn't invoke Apollon or one of his aspects specifically.

Instead, it targeted something different.

See, there were all these myths - stories, I suppose - of the Olympian gods in particular disguising themselves as ordinary mortals and walking amongst the masses every now and then.

Whether they did it because they wanted to judge the people they reigned over all up close and personal, or because they were looking out for a handful in particular, or maybe even because being god-like all the time got boring and they wanted to play the prank of a lifetime on some poor schmuck or something was anyone's guess.

The point is, they did it, it happened, and the spell I weaved tried to piggyback of the idea of it all - the concept of something greater appearing mundane in the eye of the beholder.

The magic settled against my body like a second skin, and then it spread out to cover all of us in quick succession - An added layer of protection stacked on top of the Mist and everything else we'd prepared for beforehand.

Now, if someone glanced over at us from a distance, they'd see nothing they could quite remember, but they'd be convinced it was something totally ordinary.

Completely normal

Nothing to worry about here, no siree

It wouldn't hold up if past a certain point, and definitely not if a god tried to break through it, but they'd have to be looking and trying, and it wouldn't be subtle.

And now we were ready.

"Alright then. The apartment."

I'd have teleported us there myself if I could have, but Reach of Sunlight was nothing like They Who Walk Amongst us - Tapping directly into dad's domain of sunlight like that outside of a life or death emergency was a big no no.

Luckily, I had a workaround.

"Courage?" I grinned down at my shadow. It seemed to grow deeper as I looked into it, and a flash of red glinted in its depths. "Hit it."

Instantly, the darkness warped and surged up to swallow us right as we started sinking into it as well, and we were gone in a rush of sharp, cool air and a single bark.

Shadow Travel, man.

You gotta love it.


Extra:

"He'ssss our prey!"

"Back off, you miserable upjumped worm!"

Gleeson panted as he leaned against the brick wall he'd been back up against, sweat pouting down his brow, ribs aching from a nasty hit, and trusty bat caught so firmly between his white-knuckled hands that it was almost a Zeus-given miracle that the good old girl hadn't already splintered in his grip

Really, if it didn't give out any second now he'd call for a timeout and look for whatever fresh trap was coming his way, because today's just been that kind of nightmare.

The first thing any satyr worth their salt learned before heading out into the real word to do their jobs was that big, bustling cities like New York?

They were crawling with monsters - all sorts of ugly, nasty creeps with too many limbs and scents that could make a sewage plant jealous, swarming and crawling in and out of great big swaths of hunting territory every other way you looked.

Now every one of them was a blight fresh from Tartarus and all that, but the worst offenders - and that bar was already higher than Olympus over the Empire State Building - were the ones that unionised.

Like minded, bloodthirsty things that teamed up and went after everything that so much as twitched the wrong way in packs - Demigods, mortals, and exhausted goat-men too angry to die alike.

Because clearly, a fair fight was too much to ask for - case in point:

The four dracaena to his left reared up as a single wave and hissed menacingly. Reptilian monsters with top halves that looked like mortal women decked out in mismatched armour, but with too-long faces and skin that shimmered in all the wrong ways, and their lower halves stretched out into twin, scaled and serpentine trunks they slithered on like living skis.

On his other side was the Empousa - 'also known as the living proof that it can always get worse, so shut your flapping cakehole'

Just the one, but one was enough.

Satyrs were half goat. Dracaena were half serpent-dragon.

Empousai were what happened when someone took that general idea out back behind the farm, did horrible, horrible things to it until they got bored, and then set it on fire just to be safe.

Flaming hair, white skin, glowing red eyes like evil marbles, fangs that looked two sizes too big for their mouths, one leg made of celestial bronze and the other pulled right off an ordinary donkey.

It sounded ridiculous, and looked terrifying and especially unholy - one of the most dangerous monsters of all, even at their weakest.

And with her on one side and the Dracaena on the other…

He grimaced and shifted on his hooves.

All in all, not the best spot he's ever been in.

And only a block away from the spot he'd expected to meet the kid at.

Evelyn's kid.

Damn it all.

"We found him firssst!" The leader of the dracaena hissed, hefting up a worn, rickety-looking spear tipped with a blade of bone. The others flashed claws and barred their teeth in warning. "Thisss isss our territory!"

"Do you think I care?" The empousa's voice was cold and mocking, but it did nothing to hide the rabid hunger beneath it - this one hadn't fed in a while, and that made her dangerous enough that four on wasn't enough to tip the balance for sure. "We're close enough to the border that no one would look twice, and I'm the one that chased the little goat and tired him out first!"

True.

She'd also backhanded out a first story window and onto the hood of a car, but who's counting?

"He ssstill belongs to ussss!"

Gleeson's nostrils flared, and his bat rose a little higher.

He'll show her belong!

… Hopefully on his way out of this mess, once the freakshows started tearing one another apart.

If they didn't…

He swallowed and gritted his teeth.

He'd figure it out, or his name wasn't monster-thumping Hedge!

"Think, you fools!" The empousa snarled, and her burning hair flared so sharply he could feel the searing heat of it twenty feet away. "He's a satyr!"

"Yesss!" The leader nodded. "Lot'sss of meat."

"Good eating!" A second agreed.

"For the love of the Lady, think!" The empousa snapped. "What do satyrs do, when they're not wandering off into the sunset looking for their pathetic Pan?"

Gleeson's angry curse died in his throat when the demented blood sucker rounded on him, radiating malice like a cloud of cheap cologne.

"They play protector," She sneered. "For demigods."

The dracaena froze.

So did Gleeson.

"Demigod?"

"Halfling?"

"Much better eating!"

The empousa rolled her eyes.

"Finally! Killing him comes later - first, we find out where the real prize is at. Now then, tell us where they are, little goat." Her fangs gleamed as her mouth opened far too wide. "Where's your charge."

… Pan curse it all.

He didn't - couldn't - stop to think before he was crouching at the knees, already winding up to break out into a dead sprint.

One good hit - that's all he'd need to make an opening.

So he opened his mouth to tell the third-rate reject exactly where she and her new friends could shove it-

"Right here!"

And then he heard that, and his blood turned to ice on the double.

The monsters recoiled and made to turn around, but they never had the chance.

"Hurghk!"

The empousa died first, a golden blur sliding in from across the corner of his vision and lunging straight for her with such ridiculous speed that Gleeson didn't even see the moment the glowing spear was shoved halfway through her mouth and punching clean through the back of her skull.

Her eyes widened stupidly, and then she was exploding in a shower of dust and scattering absolutely everywhere.

All in under a second.

The spear retracted, and the blonde haired kid who owned it swung it over his shoulder and slowly turned away from the frozen Dracaena, to the equally dead-still Gleeson.

And then he smiled breezily, and oh, Gleeson would know that half-smirk anywhere.

"Yo!" He waved casually, like he hadn't just taken down a monster that could kill scores of unprepared demigods with a swing of its arm in the time it took him to blink. "I'm Daniel. We talked on the phone?"

It was so nonchalant, so unhurried, that it gave the dracena the time they needed to reboot.

Then the air was filled with wary, enraged hissing, and the first of them lunged, spear aimed at Evelyn's son and his unprotected back in a way that had Gleeson's heart doing high-speed jumping jacks on its way up his throat.

"Look out!"

He didn't.

The kid didn't even have to turn around.

A second blur shot out of absolutely nowhere, and the spear shattered like brittle glass a split-second before the dracaena's spine followed suit.

It died without even a whimper, dissolving into dust that went hurling off to batter the leftover three like a gust from a particularly pathetic sand storm.

That, or something more embarrassing, but Gleeson was too busy playing catch-up to throw proper shade when it was called for.

Daniel Winchester's impossibly fast tag along stood still only long enough for him to realize that it was a second kid - of course, of course - and then he turned towards the remaining enemies and smiled.

His purple eyes almost crinkled and everything.

"Hello."

Then he cocked back a fist.

"And goodbye."

Then he punched forward, once.

And the air itself seemed to explode.

The force of it slammed Gleeson back against the brick wall, the noise deafening, the ground under his feet tremoring, and for a beat, it was like the entire alleyway was coming apart at the seams.

Is this how I die?

What a crappy way to go - He hated it!

Luckily, the universe chose to play ball, finally, because the air settled a breath later, the howling stopped, and careful silence came drifting back down again like a baby being soothed back to sleep.

All that… in about twelve seconds, more or less.

When it was done, and he blink through the stinging in his eyes to, he clocked the fact that Evelyn's boy hadn't so much as twitched from the impact.

His hair wasn't even ruffled.

If anything, he looked mildly irritated, like somebody had poured the milk in his cereal before he sat down at the table.

Or worse - poured the milk in before the cereal.

"Sai, for real?"

The other kid shrugged sheepishly, rubbing the back of his head.

"Sorry. I toned it down, but I didn't think they'd be that weak."

"... yeah, they were flimsy, weren't they?" He agreed, blue eyes tracking the last of the golden dust before he shook it off easily enough. "Guess we got lucky on the first go around. Good thing Regulus didn't follow us, or he'd never shut up about it."

"Probably."

…What the-?

That's when he finally locked on to it.

The scent.

Not Daniel Winchester's - oh no.

His friend's.

One whiff, and his spine turned to stone, and everything got much, much, much more complicated.

"Anathema."


...


Sai and Dan, gearing up to blast their brand of bullshit straight into the unsuspecting Gleeson's Life.



View: https://i.imgur.com/ZdxAHrE.mp4​


As always, leave your comments and ideas, and if you don't like it, please be courteous.
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Darkplayer35, Ender Wiggen and 973 others
Firewillreign
Jul 31, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks I Pun-T A Leg, and It's Hilarious
View content
Firewillreign
Firewillreign
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 26, 2023
Messages888
Likes received82,880
Sep 6, 2025
Add bookmark
#2,004
Here's a quick hypothetical question for some of the real big-brained, go-getters in life.

Say you're an aspiring demigod hero in the making, your best friend an Abrahamic Devil fresh from another world, and the two of you have just demolished a group of blood thirsty monsters who, while totally underwhelming in an embarrassingly flimsy kind of way, had been right in the middle of cornering the same exact satyr you were supposed to be meeting up with in about ten minutes, and for some gosh darn important quest-related reasons too.

You know, the usual.

What do you do next?

…



…

Alright, I'll clue you in, just this once:

Obviously, you hit up a McDonald's.

No, seriously.

Ten minutes after we dusted - literally - the mismatched pack of Tartarus's least finest on the dot, there we were, just the three of us, sitting around a small table at the fast food joint a couple corners away.

Truly, the wisdom of the elders was on point - all roads do lead to Mickey D's.

It was that or finding a Starbucks, and this was closer.

There were a few other people around, but aside from a handful of bored looks, everybody seemed happy enough to mind their own business, and it probably didn't even have anything to do with my spellwork.

Still, none of us ordered anything, at first.

Instead, we spent the first few minutes finishing what we'd been doing since the tense as a brick wall of introductions we'd popped off with back at the alley: sizing each other up.

At first glance, Gleeson Hedge was… about what I expected, and also not.

He was five feet tall, so Sairaorg and I already towered over him in height, but he was also jacked like he'd been lifting weights since before he'd stopped crawling and never skipped a day at the gym since.

Respect - We weren't shrimps ourselves or anything like that, not by a long shot, but points for effort, because that right there?

Trust me, that takes work.

He was decked out in a bright orange shirt underneath a short, unzipped jacket, dark workout pants, white trainers, and a large baseball cap that just barely hid the horns growing and curving out the top of his head.

He also had thick and slightly curly hair, a wispy goatee, and beady eyes complete with serious bags under them, the kind you start stumbling around with after powering through one too many restless nights and headaches by the bucketload.

They matched the vibe his voice gave off over the phone, and so did the roughed-up edge to his looks, the stiffness in his spine as he sat across from us, and the set to his jaw so tense it was almost a whole other person with attitude out the wazoo.

First impressions?

Gleeson Hedge looked like someone who'd reached the edge of his rope a while back but was too damn stubborn to quit and roll over, and so here he was.

My kind of people, basically.

Though the way he stared at me like he was trying to nail me to my cheap plastic chair through sheer force of will was a bit much.

The way his eyes kept snapping to and back from Sairaorg like he couldn't decide if my best buddy was a ticking bomb getting ready to blow up in his face or a side-character he wished would exit stage left and never show up again?

That much more intense, and neither of us had any earthly idea why.

But the awkward, loaded silence wasn't helping any of us get anywhere, either.

"So." I clapped my hands together slowly and smiled winningly. "Anybody want to grab a bite or anything before we get started? Coffee? A couple of hashbrowns? No?"

Predictably, I got zilch for an answer.

"Great."

Go time.

"Then I'll start us off, officially this time." We'd already had stunned, strained, blink and you'll miss'em introductions back at the alley, but I guess the third time's the charm for a reason. "I'm Daniel, we talked on the phone."

I nudged Sairaorg with my elbow, and he nodded all nice and proper.

"This is my friend, Sairaorg."

"Nice meeting you."

He didn't offer a handshake, because he could read a room just the same as me, but he did throw both thumbs up in greeting, and we both knew better than to drop his family name.

Even on the sixty-forty chance Gleeson didn't recognize it on the spot, sharing that little not-secret with all the potential… stuff that could come from it down the line if some things carried over from one world to the other was just asking for all hell to break loose when we least expected it.

Pun, very ominously intended.

"...Gleeson Hedge." The satyr crossed his arms and tipped his head back a little, even though his back stayed ramrod straight - then he went back to looking at Sairaorg funny. "And friend?"

He sounded skeptical, but there was an incredulous bent to it too.

And I didn't know why.

"There a reason I shouldn't be?" I copied him and crossed my arms over my chest and let my brow shoot up pointedly even though Sairaorg's polite smile hadn't twitched an inch. "Sai here's pretty cool, you know. Has a heck of a right hook, great for fighting monsters, but I guess I don't have to tell you that."

He'd seen it for himself.

Sure that punch back there had been on the lower end compared to the stuff we usually threw around in our spars - way, way, way lower - but it still counted.

As an object lesson in how awesome he was, at least, so I'd have to show it up whenever I had the chance to.

Just for the principle of the thing, really.

Gleeson turned to look at me.

"What? Am I missing something I shouldn't be?"

Translation: Why the heck are you calling my friend Anathema, and why shouldn't I take it personally?

Not that we didn't have any ideas, mind you - we weren't slow.

They were just… concerning to think about.

On multiple levels.

But back to Hedge now:

He stared us both down some more, lips pressed into a tight line, his jaw working back and forth in obvious frustration.

Not aggressively or anything in that lane, but there was plenty of 'how is this my life, and where can I get a refund?' energy aimed our way.

On our end, we just waited expectantly.

Patiently.

…A little.

A few seconds later, he hissed out a tired breath through his teeth and leaned forward, arms braced against the table and looking for all the world like he was five seconds away from palming his face with both hands and groaning in annoyed exhaustion.

That, or cursing someone out.

Harder to tell those two apart than you'd think.

"Di Immortalis." The goat man spoke, and the old-school oath was an angry whisper. "You don't know. Of course you don't know… even David wouldn't have known to teach you…"

Sai and I frowned, exchanged a look, and panned right back to him in a single beat.

"Know-?

He shook his head before I could finish asking.

"You know about our world. The Monsters. The Mist. The gods."

"... Kind of hard not to at this point, considering everything."

"Don't get smart with me."

"Can't help the way I was born." His eye twitched, and I raised my hands in surrender. "Sorry, habit."

It should be clear by now - Some people get tense and nervous, and sometimes mildly to moderately terrified.

I'm Greek, hard-headed and contrary by nature, so I get snarky instead.

Somehow, it always seems to work out for me, even when it probably shouldn't.

Exhibit A - I could have sworn I saw Gleeson's lips twitch into something that may have been the ghost of a dearly departed smirk, but he strangled it before it could go anywhere and snapped his fingers pointedly.

"Pay attention. The Greek Gods exist and always have. Monsters are around and kicking. The Mist makes sure the mortals don't lose their minds and turn into jibbering wrecks about it." He repeated. "That's textbook. The basic stuff. The beginner's guide you read about on the brochures so you don't get turned into a tasty snack by a thing with too many teeth and a stink like a flaming garbage truck."

I nodded.

"Right."

It was nothing I didn't already know.

"Here's where it gets more dangerous - satyrs like me." He patted his chest meaningfully. "What do you know about us?"

…Not what I expected him to ask first, that.

"You find and protect demigods." I offered, and went on when he nodded back at me. "You take them to Camp Half-Blood when things get dangerous. Some of you guys also go out into the world looking for the-"

I paused carefully

"-missing god of wilds and nature, right?"

Gleeson blinked in surprise.

"David told you about Pan?"

Saii and I both grimaced on the double.

"What?"

"Can we not drop any names, please?"

"Names- ah."

He actually nodded approvingly,
which was the first purely positive reaction we'd gotten out of him yet.

Go figure.

"Good instincts. You never know who's listening in from up top, but it's different with Pan."

"Different?"

That got another snort, and this time there was a dry, mildly rueful edge to it.

"If calling out to him was enough to draw his attention, we satyrs would have found our god a long, long time ago."

That's...

Sairaorg and I exchanged another awkward look.

"Sorry?"

The idea of having and keeping faith in a very real but very absent god who'd apparently checked out half a million years ago and hadn't so much as texted in the time since wasn't something either of us could relate to all that much.

Sai came from a 'pantheon' where the very concept of his entire species was on the opposite end of the spectrum from all things holy, and for all that I had plenty of divine influence in my life, that was less personal faith and more family drama with a godly bent to it.

This wasn't.

I vaguely knew there was more to it than Pan just taking an extended vacation out to the middle of nowhere, but the satyrs didn't, and they'd been waiting for an answer since before the local Greek Gods had packed up and hightailed it out of Greece.

Gleeson just shrugged it off.

"Some of us satrys go out to search for him, and the rest of us keep busy with all the other important stuff that needs doing. It is what it is, and you won't hear me whining about it." The look in his eyes grew a little sharper. "And now that we've got that out of the way, let's get back to business - the rest of the gods."

"What about them?"

"The Olympians, and friends-" Meaning the seven hundred thousand other minor and not so minor divinities in that particular private lane. "-are the head honchos. The big guys in charge, running the world from behind the Mist. The... you get the idea."

We nodded.

"Everything special, strange, and downright freaky comes from them or because of them in some weird way - the monsters, the magic, the rules that lay down how everything works, and all of the rest of that noise. That's what we're all taught right from the beginning."

He took a deep breath.

"Nature spirits, satyrs, demigods.... heck, even clear-sighted mortals know about this stuff, and it's how the world is."

Gleeson paused again, just for a second, and the abruptly ominous weighed something north of fifty tons.

"Except sometimes, it isn't."

And then he turned to stare right at Sairaorg, and even someone blind, deaf, and with an IQ score in the single digits couldn't have possibly missed the implication there.

Sai didn't flinch under the look - mutual goofiness aside, he'd been a devil noble in training not too many years ago, and if he could keep a straight face when a dragon the size of an Airbus and a half looming over us, this was nothing.

"Problem, Mister Gleeson?"

"None of that Mister crap. Call me Hedge if you have to." He didn't miss a beat. "And yes, there is, and I'm staring right at it."

I almost bristled on reflex.

"Hey-"

Gleeson was already raising a hand to cut me off.

"Hold your goats. It wasn't an insult, and it's nothing personal." He turned from me to Sai and back again. "I told you, the gods tell it how it's supposed to be, and everything in and from our neck of the woods is supposed to be the end of it. Mortal and divine and everything in between. Except sometimes, the pieces don't quite add up. Think about it."

He even tapped his temple for good measure.

"Whether it's looking for Pan, guiding a demigod, or running errands here, there or flipping everywhere, we Satyrs get around. We travel more than just about anyone else - it's pretty much part of the job description, and when you end up in some of the circus shows some of the rest of us have done, odds are you'll see.. things." He grimaced, like he was reliving a bad memory that tasted like styrofoam and bad juju at the back of his tongue. "Monsters that don't belong in any of our stories. Magic that doesn't make any sense, even by our standards. Stuff that has no business existing at all, also by our standards."

Another very careful pause, and by then I was already beginning to put the pieces together.

From the look of dawning realization on his face, Sairaorg was too.

"Greek standards." Gleeson finished quietly, and there it was. "I never understood much of it myself, because my old mama smacked enough sense into me when I was a dumb sprog to know when to leave things well enough alone, but not everything there is to see out there reads the way the picture on the cover of this book wants you to think it does, and since it was the gods themselves who put the picture up there and wrote the damn thing..."

The words trailed off, hanging in the air between us... in as much as they really could, given that ominous or not, I was still ninety percent sure we knew more about what he was talking about than he did.

He wasn't done, though.

"I'm not the only one who knows about the strangeness. It's an open secret between some of us satyrs and our wilder pals here and around, and I'll eat everything I own in alphabetical order and order seconds if a handful of the old bleating bats on the council don't know more than we do, but that's the real kick in the teeth - nobody's stupid enough to ask." Gleeson shook his head and clicked his tongue for effect. "Rule number one about one of us little guys knowing something the gods want buried? You keep your mouth shut and pretend you don't, or you end up buried - and that's if you're lucky, because the Twelve don't do patience and restraint when it's time to twist puny mortals who've ticked them off into pretzels."

...Well, he wasn't wrong with that last bit there.

While we're talking about books, if there was ever a one on cruel and unusual punishments out there, my godly folks probably wrote and signed it... and the minimum twelve editions that came afterwards over the millennia, one for each of them, before they eventually calmed down a little.

Sort of.

Relatively speaking.

" I don't know who or what you are." Gleeson suddenly stuck his thumb out at Sai, sharply enough that my friend blinked at him in surprise. Then he tapped the side of his nose with his forefinger "Not a demigod, not a chance in the Pit, or a nature spirit, or even a proper monster... not a descendant of any of them either. The nose would know, because it always knows."

Somehow, that sounded only mildly corny.

"You don't smell dangerous - you smell other, like something that's not even supposed to exist. Anathema - that's the word we have for things like you when we risk whispering about it every once in a blue moon, and as far as I'm concerned, even if you're not trying to bite my face off like the rest of the rabid mutts me and mine deal with every other day, that makes you bad news."

"I-"

"Again, it's nothing personal, but it's the Pan-damned principle of the thing, or whatever the brainy types want to call it. From where I'm standing, anything like you-whatever that's supposed to be- is always, always bad news ."

And that's where I draw the line.

"Okay, enough." I cut in, arms crossing a little harder than before. "Let's get one thing clear here."

I looked him dead in the eye when he snapped back to me, simmering with quiet frustration in just about exactly the same way I was building up to be.

"Sairaorg isn't a problem. Here and now, or any other time and place, so if you could maybe tone down the whole unspoken accusation schtick?"

Cue more intense staring.

"That'd be great."

"Nothing about this, here, is great, kid." Gleeson didn't skip a beat, even if his voice stayed perfectly level. "It's not even halfway close to decent, so forget about good, and 'safe' is a rusty pipe dream already buried and forgotten out in the middle of some random patch of nowhere at this point - but that last bit's just standard fare for us and ours."

I didn't miss the way he said 'us' and 'ours' at me specifically, or the way he turned back to Sairaorg right after that like he was trying to prove a point.

Real subtle, that.

Thing is, he wasn't totally wrong, either.

Facts on the mental table time:

There was some kind of Olympian-grade conspiracy to hide the existence of all the other pantheons in the world - and I knew for a fact those were around, even if Gleeson didn't for anything close to certain - and the people who could literally smell something fishy behind the scenes had enough of a clue about it all to look the other way and whistle innocently if they also knew what was good for them.

Go figure.

At first glance?

If you looked at it from the outside?

With that kind of context, the standoff-ish vibe Gleeson was giving off was justified.

More than that, even.

If we're being perfectly level here, he was taking this a lot better than I would have, say, ten months ago.

But knowing that just gave me a little more perspective to work with - it didn't change the fact that ironing out all the facts right this second was impossible for a whole bunch of reasons, and a total waste of time either way.

"I'm not really sure what all it is you're talking about here-" A bold-faced lie, and I think he at least suspected as much, because his left eye started twitching erratically "-but I'll say it again, just so we can all get on the same page quickly: Sairaorg isn't a problem or a threat or any kind of danger to anybody here, whatever or not your nose has to say about it."

A beat.

"No offence"

See?

Diplomacy.

"You-"

"I've known him for the better part of a year now." That finally seemed to stump him a bit, because you couldn't fake stunned surprise that was genuine. "We've been looking out for each other for all that time, and he's my best friend. He's not 'bad news', and even if the gods would say otherwise..."

I let the words trail off and shrugged as nonchalantly as I could.

"I'm not seeing any of them around here right this second, so it only makes sense that they don't get to call this shot, and us arguing about it is just a headache and a lot of wasted effort waiting to go right down the drain, because - and again, no offense intended- you're just not convincing me otherwise."

"..."

"..."

"...'They don't get to call this shot?'"

Gleeson repeated the words making a face like they were leaving an aftertaste that refused to wash out - which was reasonable, given that was technically blasphemy right there, but you all know what I'm about.

"Probably not the best way to put it, but you know what I mean."

"I know something alright." Then he turned to glare at Sairaorg - not violently, but as intensely as ever. "And what about you?"

"Mr. Hedge?"

"I already told you not to call me that, and I want answers."

"Which ones?"

Good question.

Gleeson paid it back with nearly half a dozen.

"In twenty words or less, and until I say otherwise: Who- what are you really, and what are you doing sniffing around this one?" He pointed back at me before either of us could get a word in edgewise. "And while we're on that, how did you end up with him - whatever he is - and where have you been?"

Yikes - that last one alone cracked through the air between us like a whip, it was that sharp.

Neither of us flinched, and I think he was kind of expecting us to - that, or he thought we'd stall and dance around it a bit more.

Instead, Sairaorg did a Sairaorg, because he doesn't roll that way if he doesn't have to.

"I'm his sparring partner."

"Sparr- Say what now?"

"I'm his sparring partner." Sai shrugged. "We both train together all the time, with the same teacher and everything."

Gleeson's eyes lit up sharply.

"Teacher?"

"I didn't learn to punch as good as I do just by working out, and Dan didn't get as mean with his spear as he is right now just by waving it around really hard."

"I'll take this one." He snapped back to me as I raised a hand, and I decided to bite the celestial bronze bullet. "In the effort of full... or just disclosure in general, and so we can stop playing competitive Twenty Questions and just get to the reason we're all here anyway, I'm going to give you the cliff notes of the cliff notes version, real quick."

I reached out and patted Sairaorg's shoulder.

"This is my best friend, again. We met the day after three Cyclopes and their pet hellhounds sniffed me out after basketball practice back in Maple and decided to give me a crash course on how the average demigod's life expectancy out in the wild just absolutely sucks."

His jerked in surprise and his brows shot right up.

"And you survived?"

"I ran home like the hounds of hell were after me, because they literally were, and then my uncle told me who my dad was and shoved a bow and quiver into my hands in less time than it took my heart to stop doing the wild tango," I admitted shamelessly. "I told my folks to scram and I stayed behind to deal with the murder brigade and buy some time, and between the built-in instincts and sheer luck, things pretty much took care of themselves after that.

"...Atta boy." And he really did sound impressed, all of a sudden. "Must have been a damn good showing."

"I don't know about that." I rocked my hand in a little so-so move. "It started off solid, but I got hurt real bad towards the end of it."

And by bad, I mean that half my insides got puréed like they'd ended up on the wrong side of a demented lawn mower.

Just a nice little reminder there.

"Still, I survived, and I got better. My dad bieng who he is-" I paused. "Hang on, you do know who-?"

"Yes."

Flat delivery, but good to fact-check anyway

"Yeah, well, being his kid comes with some perks, because... healing, and all that."

I saw him process that slowly, and I knew the acceptance wasn't far off because it made sense - even if it was totally off-base.

Technically, I hadn't lied there - being Dad's kid did come with some perks, even if I was letting the words I picked imply that I'd gotten back on my feet because of my own Apollon-themed divinity, which I hadn't.

That was thanks to Chiron, who only put me back together again after Dad had found me bleeding on his metaphorical front porch because of said divinity and started pulling some strings right from the get-go.

"I met Sairaorg the next day after that, and we've been together ever since." I patted Sai on the shoulder again. "Training, getting stronger, surviving all kinds of wild messes, monsters and all - it's been a real doozy of a year."

Understatement of the century, and with more holes than a target at a shooting range, but there it was - and Gleeson seemed to accept that too, at least for now.

"Where were you?"

"Oh, all over the place." I brushed past the question as quickly as I could "But I bet you're not going to want to know where I was nearly as much as you're going to want to know where I'm headed next."

"No."

I paused.

"No?"

"No." He grunted, and when he crossed his arms again, it somehow felt like I was watching a brick wall go up in real time. "You're going to Camp Half-Blood, and I already know it because I'm taking you there myself."

I resisted the urge to wince, but just barely.

"Ooh, yeah, about that... see, I've heard a lot about Camp."

"Good." He said flatly. "Saves me an explanation."

"Uh huh. Sure does. Thing is, though, the place sounds like a real experience and everything, but-"

"But what?"

And whoo boy, he absolutely knew where I was going with this, because that was the tone people used when they wished my words had a face so they could smack them.

"But I'm not going," I finished, and then I raised my hands up quickly before he could blow the gasket I could almost see swelling up inside his skull. "And that's because we're on a quest."

"!!!"

And cue the record scratching track, because that was instant stillness.

He went from steaming to pulling his impression of a marble statue in an odd history museum so quickly you'd think he'd just looked Medusa right in the eye, and I took the chance for it was.

"Before you ask, I can't tell you all that much without consequences, and I mean big ones, for all of us." I put that card on the table right from the start. "But it is a real Quest with a capital 'Q', demigod's honor, and it's important."

And all kinds of personal.

Gleeson took a minute to process that. Then slowly, mechanically, he pressed his hands against the table and rose from his chair, looming over us from across the table.

Or trying to, anyway.

No judgment here, but after the giant scorpion, Smaug, and everything in between, it wasn't all that intimidating.

His height really didn't help there either.

"A quest." He repeated, all slow and quiet and dangerously furious in that eerie silent way some people "A quest."

"That's what I said."

"Issued by who?"

No one but ourselves and sheer necessity.

"Can't tell you that either."

He looked like he was about to flip the table over at that.

"It was our teacher." Sai cut in with a peace offering. "But we can't tell you who he is - we promised not to, and we can't break our word."

Which was actually true - Chiron had warned us not to bring him up at all, just in case.

"An oath?"

"As good as."

It wasn't a vow on the River Styx, but it didn't have to be - and not just because implying it was something like that would make Gleeson back off.

Chiron didn't make traditionally binding oaths with anyone outside of the rarest circumstances, even if you couldn't swing a cat around ancient Greek history without hitting at least twenty different stories where some poor schmuck could have really used one.

As far as our teacher was concerned, If you're not as good as you word, everyone would know exactly what you're worth where and when it counted.

Gleeson wasn't done with the questions, though.

I expected him to push on the Chiron angles and try and drag some other flavour of answer from us, but he changed tracks pretty much on the spot.

"Why?" He demanded roughly "Why a quest?"

And that was a solid question, too.

"We're looking for something important." I didn't hesitate, but only because there wasn't much point of hiding this next bit. "Someone we know is in a bad way right now, and there's an artifact we need to help them get better. The Golden Fleece."

Gleeson stared.

"That's…the healing treasure. The one whatshisface went looking for on his magic boat."

And that was one explanation I didn't need to give, apparently.

Honestly, my first instinct was to beam in sheer excited relief, maybe whoop a little, because he hadn't snapped back in double take and gone "Wait, hold up, what kind of stupid are you? That thing's back at Camp!"

It wasn't an iron clad confirmation yet - he might just be out of the loop, which would suck like a punch to the gut and nobody's business all at once - but it was a start.

We might be in the green here!

My second thought was whatshisface?

Really?

"Jason. The boat was the Argo."

Quick summary: Deposed prince who was raised by Chiron after his uncle yoinked his dad's throne, got trained by him until he was good and ready to do something about it, and then he lost a shoe, stumbled into becoming Hera's sort of champion for reasons and went on an RPG-style quest on his big honkin ship to get the Golden Fleece and prove his right to kingship.

Don't ask about the shoe, it was a thing and it was weird, but fun fact?

The dude pulled off his whole gimmick with, like, at least half the great and greater heroes of his generation, and a handful of the ones from before it too.

Heracles, Orpheus, Peleus, Atalanta… the list goes on and on for something north of a quarter mile, and nearly every name on it is written out in solid gold.

The quest and what came after it didn't end well at all for him or a good bunch of them, mind you, but kudos for effort and sheer quality of party-members if nothing else.

"That's what I said." That was not what he said. "Do you have a prophecy?"

"Nope."

And no thank you.

He barked out a laugh that sounded a little too close to manic for comfort, even though I hadn't said that last part aloud.

"Then what do you have!?"

It sounded derisive, disbelieving and only a handful of shades of paint away from apoplectic all at once.

"The luck of the devil, mostly." I answered honestly. "Both good and bad."

Sairaorg twitched.

Yeah, I said that with a straight face.

Bite me.

Gleeson twitched too, for an entirely different reason.

"Stop. That." He ground out the words like he was chewing on gravel. "This isn't a joke. Tone down the wisecracking and take this seriously, damn it!"

And he sounded angry enough about it that it killed whatever spark of laughter that inside joke welled up inside of me better than my spear could have.

"Believe me, I am." I didn't make a song and dance of apologising this time. "We both are, and that's why we're here, asking for your help."

"My help. Hah. What exactly do you-?"

"Handy as it is, the survivability of a cockaroach isn't the only thing I inherited from my dad." I cut him off on my way to the point, finally. "We don't have a prophecy for our quest, but I do have… let's call it a touch of foresight. Prophecy adjacent, bootleg future-vision."

Or something technically close enough that it wasn't a complete and total lie - just mostly one.

The news landed… relatively well, really, in the sense that he didn't freak out at me.

We were past that, I think.

Instead, Gleeson's face went through a whole round of spiralling emotions like one of those goofy choice wheels on the game shows my aunt likes to watch every Sunday night, and finally settled on something parallel to exhausted resignation.

"Oh, for the love of all the gods." He dropped back into his seat and tipped his head just far back enough to groan, deep and from the soul. "Of course you do."

Yeah, that was a about the best reaction I could have hoped for, given everything.

I went to say a something polite and reassuring, because it was only downhill from here - we were just getting started, after all - but abruptly, my mouth snapped shut.

Hard.

My attention sharpened the second I felt something weird and strangely telling prod at the edge of my sensory range.

No, wait.

Several somethings.

Plural

When I glanced at Sairaorg, he was already looking back at me and nodding.

He'd it felt too, but that was no surprise. If I wasn't actively trying, his passive senses stretched a little farther than even mine.

Or 'deeper', at least, if you want to get picky about it.

Senjutsu enhanced Touki was neat like that.

"Huh."

Alrighty then.

"Yep." Sai rose from his chair and made a show of rolling his neck lazily "I'm gonna go get some air."

"You do that."

I glanced back at Gleeson as he walked off with hosbhands in his pocket, and the satyr had already gone back staring at the pair of us suspiciously over the bags under his eyes.

Fair, that.

Its been a interesting day so far on his end - and we hadn't even hit noon yet.

"Bet you wish you took that coffee now."

He gave me a dull, unimpressed look - he was quite good at those.

"If I were drinking anything right about now, it wouldn't be coffee, and there wouldn't be enough of it in this zip-code to help."

Also fair.

His eyes tracked Sairaorg as he headed out the door, the bell jingling as it slammed shut behind him.

"What's happening there?"

"He just wants some air, apparently." We both knew that was a steaming pile of doodoo, so I segued right back to the serious stuff from there. "But lets keep talking about what's really important here."

"Right." He drawled, finger tips drumming against the the table in a way that was just a little too forceful to be smooth. "You and your not-prophecy, whatever that fresh load of hydra crap is supposed to mean."

"Foresight. Not prophecy."

"Same difference."

Big difference, and I'm not arguing semantics here - just ask Prometheus, or my dad, or anyone who's meddled with one or the other at some point and managed to come out of it relatively unscathed.

Do not ask the Fates.

Odds are it won't end well for anyone involved, and possibly a whole bunch of people who aren't involved anyway, because Greeks are all about stupid collateral damage like that.

"Sometimes, if you squint." I agreed reluctantly, just to move things along and over the finish line. "But there's the only part that matters - this quest of ours can succeed, but only if I can ask you some questions about the state of Camp Half-Blood right this second. Just a couple of details I need to iron out."

Gleeson took that in slowly.

Glacially.

Then his brows furrowed heavily.

"I'm going to need you to run that back for me again, real slow." He said, his voice sounded sharp and complicated again, more pointed. "Because sharing information about Camp has to be done carefully, and with limits - you've never seen all the ways a mortal parent or an uprepared demigod can lose it at the right details, and trust me, you don't want to."

"Uh…?"

"That, and sharing anything about campers themselves is completely forbidden."

The word landed like iron, with the strength to match.

He saw me lean back in surprise a little and he nodded seriously.

"Oh, you better believe it. Solid no-no. The camp and the gods whose kids run around the place left and right don't lack for enemies, Winchester. Six times out of ten, nothing you say where a lousy old monster or something on the nastier end of things can hear will give anyone a worse day off than usual, but better safe than sorry." His face pulled, like he was remembering something particularly grisly. "It's always better safe than sorry. Some of the stories I've heard…"

He trailed off grimly.

Right.

Not going to ask.

I had enough to deal with as it is.

Satyrs and some other nature spirits around that place were protectors, first and foremost.

That made sense, because somebody had to be, and the local Olympians and Co were so hands off you'd think their arms would explode if they reached out to help their kids past the bare minimum, if even that.

The rule made sense too - but that didn't exactly help me out here.

"I don't need to know anything specific. Just a couple of broad points."

"I'll have to be the judge of that."

I raised my hands up and tried not to smile too obviously, because that hadn't been a no.

Go time.

"Fine by me. First question then - Do you know for certain that the Golden Fleece isn't already at Camp Half-Blood?"

"It isn't where now?" the stunned incomprehension didn't last, and it seemed to him like a baseball bat upside the head."Wait, prophecy-"

"Foresight." I couldn't help myself.

His mouth fell open as he looked me dead in the eye - Seriously, the amount of whiplash I was giving the poor man couldn't be healthy.

"That thing's supposed to end up at Camp-!?"

"What is or isn't supposed to happen is up to the Moirai." Meaning the Fates, for those of you not in the know, and that there was politically correct answer in every sense of the word. "I just have a teensy bit more perspective than most other people on what could happen, and that's why I'm fact checking here. So-"

I clapped my hands together

"Camp: Fleece or no fleece."

"… No Fleece." He said slowly, like he was grudgingly shelving the latest hot topic reveal for later inspire of his better senses. "Definitely no Fleece. And I would know, because half my friends live at camp and nobody does gossip better than cloud spirits."

Ah.

"If the Fleece was at camp, one of them would have talked my ears off about it when I called in to check on some things this morning, because that'd be big news - think highlight of the decade big, and then some."

Yes.

"If there a Quest issued for it from Camp, even so much as a day ago," He nodded at me meaningfully. "I would know that too, because I couldn't not. Damned things are all the rage in our world, and everyone back at home base would know and pay attention to something like that, right from the start. Everyone."

So.

Remember that thing I was trying to do, by staying all nice and… relatively quiet for a bit and actively trying not to show how much of our hopes hinged on this conversation?

Nearly went flying out the window and over the edge of a cliff after that one.

I didn't do anything just yet, but the temptation to punch fist into the air and cheer like my team had just won the Superbowl was there, and wow was it strong.

If Gleeson noticed, he was nice enough not to mention it.

"What else did you want to know?"

"Nothing much." I swear it was like my ADHD was revving up like an engine in my brain, and I almost tripped over the next few words. "Just out of curiosity, there haven't been any other major quests recently, have there?"

He shook his head carefully, and I could almost hear him turning over the obvious asks.

'Were there supposed to be any?'

'Are there going to be any?'

"No. Not for a few years. The last one... didn't end well" His expression tightened some more. "A kid was sent out looking for a golden apple."

Woah.

"The immortality kind?"

"No, a Golden Delicious." He scowled at me in irritation. "What do you think, Winchester?"

"Sorry. Stupid question."

It wasn't entirely.

When they hear about the the golden apple tree, the first place a lot of minds tended to go to wete the magic fruits that granted you eternal life and health… within reason.

Totally understandable.

For some reason, though, a lot of people seemed to gloss over or forget about the tiny detail of what - who - guarded the thing in the myths.

Ladon, the Hundred-Headed dragon.

Also known as the 'Seriously, was the Hydra not enough?' dragon.

A hundred snarling heads - I know, shocking - half as many tails intertwined into one serpentine body, bronze-gold scales that were nearly indestructible and claws that could turn an aspiring hero into bloody confetti at real range.

The one from Sairaorg's birth world was one of the most powerful monsters to ever live in his neck of the woods.

Not a Heavenly Dragon or even a Dragon King, but absolutely on the upper end of the scale as far the rest of the excessive murder lizard species was concerned, and it had taken their Heracles to finally put him down.

If that had also carried over into this world… the quest still wouldn't have been a walk in the park, because monsters come back on the regular here and there's not a chance in Tartarus that the Queen of the Heavens would leave her prized tree unguarded anyway, but since I'm pretty damn near certain it hadn't-

"They failed, and they didn't come out unscathed." Gleeson explained flatly, and it made something in my stomach clench unpleasantly. "There hasn't been a big-time quest since."

…

I've said it before, but I don't think its ever going to not bare repeating.

No matter which way you slice it, the local demigods have it bad.

Not a happy reminder that, and not one I wanted or really needed, but I shoveled it away for later.

Whoever 'they' were… at least it looked like they survived.

Better than nothing.

I could settle my curiosity and the weird niggling at the back of my head with that, along with the second confirmation I'd been low-key hoping to get all along.

No other big time quests since.

If that was true… then a certain son of Poseidon hadn't come out to play yet, and all the stuff he was due to get tangled in hadn't hit the fan either.

Good.

Fan-friggin-tastic

Depending on how things played out, those would or wouldn't be problems for future Daniel to deal with for me, because that guy is always reliable like that.

Current Daniel has work to do.

"Then that's almost it." I said, and Gleeson abruptly straightened. "One last question for the road?"

"Yes?"

He was right to sound so cautious, really he was - just not for the reasons he was probably thinking of, though.

"You wouldn't happen to know a quick and easy way to get to the Sea Of Monsters, would you?"

"…"

"Because I have a few ideas myself, but all of them sound like way too much hassle out loud, you know?"

"…"

"…"

"…Hrkh."

That's about the point where he let out this strange, half-wheeze, half-snorting sound.

Too resigned to be hysterical, too crammed with emotion to be understandable beneath that, but a good old college try at something anyway.

Eventually, he got himself under control.

Relatively speaking.

"If I wasn't already convinced… yeah, that'd do it." He sighed, long and hard, before the light in his eyes changed a little. "You're Evelyn Winchester's son alright, and no one else's in a thousand years."

I stiffened and stared.

He…

…

…

What is it with people comparing me to my parents in that tone?

Aunt Artemis, Uncle David, and now Gleeson Hedge?

…

Just kidding.

I don't want to know.

"Say, did you ever see my mom take on a little over half a dozen really dangerous monsters, all in one go?"

The dread that flashed on his face was proof that he was quick on the uptake.

The satisfaction I took in it was only a little mean.

Just a bit.

"Why?"

"Because we're about to be surrounded by a whole pack of'em."

Where did you think Sairaorg was going?

The things that had been closing in on us were coming in hot right this second, and I could see the exact instant Gleeson clocked them too, because he sniffed once, paled, and finally did flip the table over like it was made of tinfoil.

"Sonuvva-!"

"Don't worry about it."

I was already heading for the door, and I heard him scrambling out after me over the din of all the startled customers looking at us like we were a pair of maniacs.

"We've got this."

…​

It started with the mist, and I don't just mean the magical kind.

It was mid-morning in the middle of summer, but by the time I stepped outside and next to Sairaorg the stuff was already nearly everywhere, a cloud of pearlescent, off-white fog pouring out over the nearest rooftops, between the closest alleyways and spilling out onto the street in front of us like someone had tipped over a giant bag of flour and watched it explode into the air.

Naturally, the monsters came with it.

Empousai were eerie creatures - and yes, I knew what they were.

Part monster, part animal, part celestial bronze and part whatever it is that glued all the other mismatched pieces from the leftovers bin and shaped them into ancient Greek vampire monstrosities out for blood.

Literally.

Despite the confidence in my own strength, having nine of them melt out of the flickering smoke in a loose semi-circle around us sent a gross, slimy feeling down my spine.

Not fear.

Disgust.

"Well, well."

What looked like the leader of the pack stepped up right as the mist seemed to close in around us all, cutting off the rest of the street and muffling the sounds of the outside world like makeshift supernatural soundproofing - the better to kill all your victims in peace and quiet!

"Look what we have here, girls."

She wore a black dress that flashed in odd patterns as she walked forwards, her mismatched feet not quite clicking for three and a half steps before she stopped to…

Actually, I don't know why she stopped.

To show off?

Either way, there she was, just a sidewalk away.

Human-like face in its mid-twenties or so, all sharp features and high cheekbones, but the skin was too pale and then some, her eyes were a fiery blood red, her hair was a column of wafting flames steadily burning down to her lower back in shades of orange, and her smile flashed wicked-looking fangs in a quick-silver expression that was so casually menacing there's no way it wasn't rehearsed in a mirror somewhere.

"It's been a while since a half-ripe demigod stumbled through our territory, hasn't it?"

None of her friends answered in words, but a few of them let rip with this low, staticky hissing chorus and Holy Hades, I hated it.

We're talking instant, visceral revulsion - like a scaled up version of the feeling that whammied me when I visited the Underworld with Sai and Chiron and felt the fake sun the Satans had ignited over their territories.

It was a little trippy, actually, and I think the head honcho took the way I leaned back a bit and clenched my fists for something else, because she smiled all condescendingly.

Like a cat that just grabbed a mouse by its tail.

"Don't flinch yet, little halfling. We're just talking… for now."

"Lady, who's flinching?"

She chuckled, fiery hair pulsing, and the sound grated on my ears like chalk against a hundred-year old board.

"That's the spirit. You brats always taste better when you have some fire to you." Then she glanced at Sairaorg and abruptly - or maybe predictably - frowned. "And you… I thought I smelled something strange. What… are you, exactly?"

"No one important." Sai didn't even bother pulling his hands out his pockets, and if he noticed the vibe I was putting off, he didn't react to it. "Just a tourist, really."

The Empousa seemed amused.

"A tourist."

"Who cares?" I heard one whisper off to the side. "Food is food."

"Dibs!" Another one agreed, and yeah, I was done.

"He's with me." The head Empousa turned back to me right as I sent a pulse of magic to my storage wristband - the other one, the new one that Chiron had given me specifically to pick up cool, questionable or cool and questionable loot if we came across any. "We're on something of a road trip, and you are the second Empousa I've gotten up close and personal with today."

"What-?"

The word died in her throat as something materialised in my grip with a flash of light.

"…!"

I don't know if I've covered this before, but here's a brief little reminder anyway - when monsters in my birth world get ganked and booted down to Tartarus until they claw their way back to life, they don't necessarily vanish completely.

Oh, they poof into golden dust as a general rule, but they leave behind a spoil of war - a remnant, a neat little keepsake to remind you of that time you nearly died horribly, at least in theory.

Cool, right?

Guess what I got from the Empousa I introduced to the business end of Serpent's Downfall?

"Is that-?"

A leg.

I'm not kidding - I was holding a very literal leg made of solid celestial bronze all the way through, human-shaped all the way down to the donkey-footed hood, and somehow I managed to keep a straight face as all the others around mine slackened.

"Don't know how to tell you this, but if she was a friend of yours, then I'm afraid she… legged it back to Tartarus." I'm going to hell for that pun, I know. "But hey, look on the bright side!"

I smiled very nicely and reared back while Greek Dracula and her buddies recovered from their shock.

"You can give this back to her for me."

Her eyes widened, and fire crackled in her gaping mouth.

"You-"

Then she died.

Crack.

I punted the leg forward so fast the air howled and displaced with crack like a gunshot, and the sheer force behind the throw had it punching through her chest hoof-first even as it blasted her off her feet.

There wasn't even a scream - just an impact, a sound of bone caving in and echoing against the mists, and then the leg was sailing past the fog and it was raining golden dust everywhere.

For a beat, everything froze - even sound.

The eight remaining Empousai stared at us in something too incomprehendingly horrified to be anger or straight fear - like their brains had just overheated and crashed miserably.

"Did he just-?"

The incredulous chatter started swinging up again.

"With a leg!?"

Or was that hysteria?

"Hey, don't blame me. You use what you have at hand. Or, you know." I shrugged. "At foot."

Sai just laughed, because he's great like that.

"Nice throw."

"Thanks." I brushed a few grains of monster leftovers off my shoulder, then I rolled it theatrically just for the extra cool factor. "So… I'll take left?"

He grinned right back at me.

"And I'll take right."

"Deal!"

And then we moved.

The curb underneath us quivered as we burst forward in either direction, his fist cocking back and Serpent's Downfall materializing in my hold as we went to town on the would be hunters.

I didn't even see Sairaorg's four die - he just punched ahead once, and I could hear them burst like grapes and feel the impact of the Touki bounce back in a wave that couldn't even ruffle my hair.

My four?

The first one died instantly - Serpent's Downfall flashed forward and cut her to uneven halves from the shoulder and down across her chest, and without an ounce of resistance in between.

Just poof.

Cue the spraying gold like I'd just kicked over a sand castle.

The other three tried to scatter every which way, but they may as well have been moving in slow motion.

One went left.

One leaped up.

The other tried to go for my throat, hands wreathed in crackling flames, and that went real well for her.

Not!

Serpent's Downfall ignited, and I swung it out in a single arc.

The empousa that tried to come at me disappeared under the flames in the same move, and even her ashes ignited before they could hit the ground.

Then I tossed my spear off towards number two, and whether it was the residual flames or the blade goring through her skull that finished her off was anyone's guess.

I didn't wait for the third to drop down on me from above - I was more proactive than that, you know?

My hand flashed out and up, wrapping around a metallic ankle before I gripped and swung down hard.

There might've been the beginnings of a scream - maybe - but it was annihilated underneath the ridiculous sound of the asphalt splintering alongside her spine as I slammed one against the other hard enough to explode both to smithereens in a heartbeat, and then I was just a holding a leg once again and standing over a small crater, slowly filling with that much more dust.

Mission accomplished.

Time to completion?

About two and a half seconds - and I wasn't even winded.

I almost laughed-

"Whooo!"

Scratch that.

I did laugh, just a little.

"Let's do that again!"

I blame the demigod brain kicking into overdrive and taking over - that, and the sheer ease of victory, too.

Being powerful felt good.

"I know, right?" Sairaorg was snickering right alongside me, because if course he was, and the unnatural mist was starting to pull back all of a sudden. "Wanna grab the legs?"

I looked across the street and past the slowly dispersing clouds, and every last one of them had left the exact same spoil of war behind.

"Duh."

Do you have any idea what celestial bronze is worth back over in Sai's world?

More than gold, I'll tell you that much, even jf the residual magic from the undearly departed monster bits was probably going to mess with the alchemical value.

Of course I wanted in on that - I'm already rich and money can't buy you happiness and all, but if you're not a jerk about how you get it or what you do with it, odds are having more of it isn't likely to hurt, either.

And speaking of jerks-

"Are you just going to sit around there all day, or are you going to come over and introduce yourself already?"

Silence.

The few mortals around were all still there, just at the edge of my awareness and very distinctly not freaking out.

Just…loitering in confusion, like spectators waiting for the game to start and somehow failing to realize it was already a blowout.

Then a loud, echoing snort rumbled over from down the street, and Regulus came trotting over from nowhere in particular at all, and with the kind of slinking grace a giant lion that glowed in shades of gold had no right to have.

"I do as I wish."

We'd left him behind a few streets away when we'd gone to meet Hedge, and he'd been lazily slipping in out if range ever since and doing dad knows what.

Frankly, the way he weaved past the humans who were staring at us from the sidelines now that the mists lifted - and seeing something through the other kind of Mist - was more surreal than that circus show of a monster attack had been.

Not that I'd ever admit it.

"You could just say yes, you know."

The Nemean lion didn't answer as he finally ended up on our corner of the street, pawing his way past a little girl and her mother, who was looking down her nose at us and tugging her kid in the other direction.

Actually, on second thought, a lot of the mortals seemed to just be… leaving now.

Had they really just not seen anything important?

How did that even work?

I was still holding my spear!

Was my normalcy spell doing more-?

That half-question was derailed before I could ask it, because the little girl chose right about then to point at Regulus and yell at the top of her voice.

"Mama, look!" She bounced up and down excitedly, right as they turned around a corner. "Big kitty!"

The three of us just stopped.

"That's nice, dear."

And then they were gone, and it was pretty much just us for the he span of a tense, quite minute.

Sai… coughed.

My lips twitched.

Regulus didn't move at all.

"Go on. Either one of you." He said lowly, almost coversationally. "I dare you."

…Yeah, I know.

I'm not suicidal.

I'll rib him later, from a distance

In the meantime, though…

"Don't be rude, Kill-stealer." I ignored the answering growl. "We have company."

I finally turned back to Gleeson, who'd been playing a mannequin for the last minute and… doing a scary good job of it, actually.

Emphasis on scary.

Glazed-eyed look, back straight as an arrow and expression wiped so thoroughly clean of any tell it was like his face had been bleached off all emotion.

I don't think he was even breathing at first.

Sairaorg and I both frowned awkwardly.

We… may have gone overboard.

Nothing for it now.

"Sooo…" I pointed behind me sheepishly. "The talking lion is Regulus. He's also with us."

Regulus stared lazily.

"A satyr."

"Did his horns not give it away?"

"There isn't much there to give away, is there?"

"Don't be rude, Reggie."

His eyes narrowed into slits.

"Call me that again, and I will feed you whichever of your intestines I don't shred before your very eyes."

And you just know that's a threat he's carried on before.

Cats, man.

The worst.

"I-" We all turned back to Gleeson, waiting expectantly as he rolled his jaw a little and picked his words with the dull energy of someone who was officialy done. "-was kidding before. Now I'm not."

Painfully stiff frame aside, he wasn't even consciously acknowledging Regulus's existance, I think, which is something I've wished I could pull off more times than I could count over the last two months.

"What is it-" He kept going as his hand dropped to his pocket, and he went rummaging for something I couldn't see yet. "-with trouble and you lunatic Winchesters?"

And that was some serious feeling in his voice.

I opened my mouth to answer - something, something, insert joke about how awesome we are here - but something held me back.

Something about the way his voice wavered on 'Winchesters'…

It made me hesitate.

A gut feeling I was fairly sure I didn't like as I watched him pull out a small glinting coin out of his pocket

A golden drachma.

Don't ask me how I recognised it.

"…You keep saying stuff like that, and I'm going to start asking for context."

"No."

"No?"

"No." He said roughly, and then he flicked the Drachma in a way that had the little thing soaring a straight thirty feet up without so much as a waver in it's flight. "No more questions. No more context. We're talking a ride out to the harbour and no one is saying a word until I feel like I'm not about to lose my Pan-damned mind or so help me-!"

What-?

The coin reached the zenith of it's flight, and his head snapped up to it like a hellhound catching the scent of blood.

"Stêthi, Ô hárma diabolês!"​

Greek, my brain screamed unhelpfully.

Stop, oh Chariot of Damnation!​

The world glitched.

[̶W̸e̷ ̶Ar̵e̸ ̵Su̴m̴m̸o̶n̶e̴d̷]̴​

Something big, fast and not quite real in a way that even ordinary magic couldn't match didn't so much arrive as explode into existence right behind us.

[̴W̸e̸ ̶H̴a̴v̸e̸ ̸C̵o̷m̴e̸]̷​

After that?

[̶O̷h̴?̴]̷​

Things got-

W̵e̴ S̵e̸e̵ ̸Y̴o̷u̵ ̴M̸o̶r̶t̵a̵l̸s̷

​
-almost cartoonishly wacky.


W̵e̴ ̵S̵e̵e̵ ̶Y̸o̷u̷
̶G̵r̵e̴a̶t̸ ̵G̶r̸a̴n̷d̴s̵o̴n̴ ̸
O̸f̵ ̸T̸h̶e̸ ̴C̵r̵o̶s̴s̷r̶o̶a̸d̷s̵


…​

And so the PJO shenanigans begin in earnest!

Gleeson, Calmly Dealing with his new problems:



View: https://imgur.com/9O4EyHQ


Dan's more eldritch in-built demigod instincts surfacing now that he's powerful enough to go wild with them:



View: https://imgur.com/iIegtwI​


As always, leave your comments and ideas and if you don't like it, please be courteous.
Last edited: Sep 12, 2025
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Darkplayer35, Ender Wiggen and 925 others
Firewillreign
Sep 6, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks We Hitch A Ride With The Geriatric Street Racers Of Doom
View content
Firewillreign
Firewillreign
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 26, 2023
Messages888
Likes received82,880
Sep 24, 2025
Add bookmark
#2,171
Fair Warning, Folks:

This chapter has a big lore reveal - it's the whole point of it - plus lots of nuggets of information, but the entrance to the sea of monsters as well as a BIG fight and fast-pacing kicks off next chapter.

If you see yourself getting annoyed by that, feel free to avoid this one, wait for the next and read'em back to back.


The Graeae - The Grey Sisters - of Greek myth and legend were the three daughters of the sea primordials Phorcys and Ceto, and they were…

Hmm.

Let me put it this way:

If a complete newbie cracked open a history book, skimmed a few old stories, and then thought to themselves: "Hey, aren't these old fossils just bargain bin knock-offs of the Three Fates?"

Well…

They'd be dead wrong, and stupid as anything if they said it where any of 'em could hear - Greek, remember? - but you could see where they'd be coming from.

Three ancient old bats who represented and embodied portents of forbidden knowledge and ominous doom?

Who also kept to themselves and scared the bejesus out of most anyone who looked at them twice?

They're lucky the Moirai didn't sue them for false impersonation.

Style cribbing aside, they were never in the same weight class as The Ones Who Weave.

Not even close.

Their names weren't as revered or feared - or known, even - and their existence never came close to commanding the same respect.

They were just too small and out of the way for that, and that one story where Perseus extorted them hand over fist on his way to kill Medusa probably didn't help their rep any.

That's where most people recognise them from - a footnote in a great hero's tale.

Not exactly a glowing resume.

But they were still a big deal.

I knew that.

That's why my brain threatened to glitch and start sparking erratically as I remembered where else I knew them from and in what way I did, a sliver of a second after Gleeson up and decided to summon them out of the flipping blue.

In my birth world - the nonsensical madhouse that it was - the Graeae of Greek myth and legend… drove a taxi cab in New York City.

…

…

…

It sounded stupid.

Too stupid.

A ridiculous, over-the-top, are-you-for-real? kind of stupid, like something out of a slapstick comedy routine, and coming from me that's saying something, because my baseline for stuff is already way lower than it honestly should be.

Just absurd.

But there it was, right as I whirled on the spot in a heartbeat, ready to launch Serpent's Downfall forwards like a fiery missile with attitude.

A battered old Ford Crown Victoria was rising straight up from a patch of tarmac that had darkened and started bubbling until it resembled sloshing blood and stank in a way that was three times sharper, and it looked like it was made of smoky grey mist.

As in, the entire car seemed to be woven out of smoke, as if you could walk right through it and scatter it every which way.

Except it also wasn't a car.

It only took the barest degree of attention - of reflexive focus - to peer past the lie splayed out over the surface, and suddenly I could see past and under illusion.

Immediately, a part of me really wished I hadn't.

[̴O̸h̵?̷]̸​

It looked like an ancient Greek war chariot, but too small and too large all at once. The frame was an off-bronze shade half swallowed by creeping rust, and it was engraved all over with eerie, shifting inscriptions and overlapping symbols that had the skin at the back of my neck crawling at first glance.

The twin wheels were large and spoked, with dark, sickly wood bound to the frame by half-rotted leather straps. The spokes were their own kind of nightmare, covered in what looked dangerously like gore -some of it dry and crusted over with time, and the rest menacingly, dripping fresh.

The image of it seemed to warp in the quicksilver moment I stared at it, bending and twisting in jaggedly uneven shapes that felt like they were trying to break free of my line of sight and stab into my brain through my eye sockets, but that wasn't the worst part.

No, all of that paled in comparison to the nightmare responsible for pulling the chariot.

The mortals of way back when used horses.

So did a lot of the gods - even my dad's Sun Chariot was driven by four flaming steeds great enough to have their names immortalized in history.

The so-called Chariot of Damnation was carted along by an abomination.

That was the only word I had for it: a horde of skeletal, emaciated, wraith-like figures, all collared and leashed to the infernal thing by an endless series of brittle-looking chains that leaked wafting poison-green mist from in between old chips and breaks even as they held the tortured prisoners in place.

The chained were too many to count - some decaying with only mottled and bloated scraps of flesh left to hang over blackened bone, terrifyingly human-adjacent from head to toe, and plenty more obviously monstrous, with too many gnarled limbs and teeth and sunken pits for eyes.

All of them shouldn't have possibly fit the space they were standing in, but the same twisting force that had the chariot warping in on itself was working overtime, brutally cramming them down into one writhing bundle of absolute horror.

[̶T̷h̵i̴s̶ ̶O̵n̸e̵ ̵S̵e̴e̴s̷ ̸M̵o̸r̵e̷ ̸T̶h̵a̴n̴ ̵M̴o̸s̴t̸.̴]̸​

Freezing up was antithetical to a demigod's continued life expectancy, to the point that we were even born with a head start in avoiding it - the super-instincts and reflexes that presented as ADHD but weren't really, the better to think on our feet in mid-fight and not get killed in the process.

Chiron went the extra mile and a half to train us out of it, because locking up in the kind of messes we get into was an almost surefire way to meet a grisly end.

All of that… and I still came far too close to the shock-still edge when the horde's mindless focus suddenly snapped to me.

A sea of blackened sockets rolled my way, and the chains went taut as the whole throng of them just leapt forwards in this futile, furiously desperate charge.

Malformed arms reached out, a cloud of smoke billowed across the ghostly space in between, and dozens of damned jaws unhinged in a silent, terrible wail.

And I do mean that.

No sound. No volume.

Total, unforgiving silence.

Somehow, that made it worse - the sheer hell of it hit me like a tidal wave, rattling just about everything on its way down to my soul.

[̵H̷o̴w̷ ̵I̶n̶t̷e̷r̶e̴s̶t̶i̸n̴g̶]̶​

"Gah!"

I recoiled, pulling back as the chariot flickered back into a car, and I couldn't resist the need to screw my eyes shut even as I kept my spear up and ready, trying to flush the jittery revulsion out of my mind.

It didn't work.

"Dan?" Sai angled himself to my right, fists already raised and cocked. "What's wrong?"

"You didn't see that?"

He hesitated, never taking his eyes off the car.

"I think I felt it. Whatever it is. I'd have to look deeper-"

"Don't!" I hissed through my teeth, trying to focus past the rush of blood pounding in my ears and repressing the revolted horror clawing at the inside of my ribcage. "Trust me. Don't."

I didn't have to tell him twice, because barring Chiron, no one in any world could read me better.

Regulus's attention had also sharpened like razor blades - he perched just off the curb, eyes narrowed into slits, paws braced lightly against the ground, mane fluttering in the breeze with a deceptive calming sway.

It was exactly the same stance he'd taken against the Wizards of Oz months ago - A small peek at the real monster playing possum behind the persona of the most irritating cat to ever walk the earth.

At least we were all on the same page-

"Stop!"

Scratch that.

Gleeson slid right in front of us, and that was solid proof the man was nuts, even if he had the good sense to angle himself as far away from Regulus as he could without throwing himself back the other way again.

"Put that spear away." He demanded, staring us down with a hard look in his eyes. "They're as dangerous as anything, but they've been playing 'nice' with mortals for centuries. They can't touch you if the fare is paid and the rules are obeyed."

Come again?

"Fare?" I asked incredulously, but I remembered the drachma he'd flipped into the air well enough. "Rules?"

Of course there were rules, because there always had to be - they were a classic, and the more convoluted and underhandedly deadly, the better!

That wasn't the problem.

It was the fact that I didn't know a thing about them.

I can't plan around a question mark.

Just my luck that Gleeson was already turning around and marching up to the - possibly literal - ride from Tartarus before I could bring up that little tidbit.

Or deck him on sheer principle, because I'm not gonna lie, the urge was there.

He walked right up the front passenger window - tinted grey all the way through, naturally - and knocked against the glass in three quick raps.

It came rolling down before he'd even finished pulling back his fist, and an old woman poked her head out.

Immediately, all of us tensed some more.

If I didn't have the context that I did, I wouldn't have been able to put my finger on why.

She looked ordinary enough, at first glance, with skin that was maybe a shade too pale and grizzled, corded hair that fell over the space where her eyes should have been in a mop anyone would bet was too thick to see through.

Nothing obviously monstrous, at first.

But the lizard-wired part of my hindbrain still hissed like a rattlesnake on a bender: Not right.

Not exactly fear or wariness, but a sense of total wrongness, like I was looking at a doll that was almost life-like, but just off enough to set off the internal alarm bells.

And I swear it seemed to be looking right back, straight past the satyr standing right in front of it.

Serpent's Downfall rose a little higher, and the wood grew warmer and angrier against my palm.

Just in case.

"Gleeson Hedge." That voice rasped oddly, with a strange, echoing beat after every word. "Summoning us again, are we?"

"Honored Ladies." Gleeson bowed his head respectfully, but he kept it short and sharp. "Duty calls. Four for the Brooklyn Marine Terminal-"

"Five." She interrupted, "Including the hellhound pup lurking in the demigod's shadow."

Ah.

That.

He snapped right back around to me, and I could only shrug and keep my eyes very deliberately fixed on him and not the thing right behind him.

"Not a danger. I'll explain later."

He took a very slow, very calm breath - the kind people take when they're about to punch a wall or throw something across the room - and slowly turned back to the Graia.

"Five then, my lady. The toll-"

"Consider it paid in full."

That made him stiffen.

"I haven't offered any more drachma-"

"Drachma are the standard fare." Slowly, the old woman smiled, and the expression stretched sallow skin over bones in all the wrong ways. "But hardly the only ones we will accept. Knowledge and entertainment are worth their weight in gold to we who are immortal, and this outing..."

Then it happened.

The Graia's focus shifted just so, and suddenly she was looking straight at me.

I didn't flinch, but only just.

"This promises to be most entertaining." Her focus drifted off to the side, lingering on Sairaorg, and then pausing completely on Regulus for a few quiet, loaded seconds. The smile flickered in something close to surprise, before it stretched wide again - too wide. "Most entertaining indeed."

Neither of my quest mates flinched, either, but that was really no surprise.

"Do hurry and climb aboard." She leaned back seeming satsified, her face fading into the shadows inside the car as the window rolled back up again. "Daylight's wasting."

And that right there?

Something so small had no right to sound as ominous as it did, but as usual, them's the breaks.

"So." Sairaorg started up the second the window sealed shut. "Ignoring the mountain of red flags here, she means climb aboard... where exactly?"

Good question.

There were three of us, plus a lion big enough to fill out the entire backseat and then some.

The car must've felt the silent judgment we were putting out, because it chose then to pull a Mist trick - literally.

The whole thing just... came apart, dissolving into wafting smoke that swirled in place once, twice, and then ballooned outwards all in one go, taking on a new shape in real time.

And by real time, I mean about three seconds.

The next thing we knew, it was a bus - a regular old RTS city bus, dull grey and pockmarked with rust, paint peeling at the edges like old wallpaper, and windows tinted just as grey as before.

"...Never mind then," Sai muttered warily. "Fair enough."

Gleeson chose then to point a finger at yours truly.

"You."

"Me?"

He threw a thumb over his shoulder, aiming at the bus.

"You know who's in there?"

"Pretty good idea." I nodded, before making a show of glancing at my spear's blade and back. "That's why I'm still holding this."

"Don't use it." He said sternly. "You want into the Sea of Monsters, and they'll get us halfway there."

"...We're listening."

"Don't attack first. Don't ask them questions, and try not to answer any if you can avoid it. Be smart. And whatever else any of you do..."

He panned around, looking at the three of us - Regulus included, which was almost impressive considering the quiet, barely restrained menace the Nemean lion was radiating when he did.

"-if you get the chance, don't look into the Eye."

The Eye, he said - Capital.

I didn't need to ask what that was about.

The Graeae famously had just the one eye and a single tooth, shared between the three of them.

Remember what I said about Perseus extorting them in the myths?

Spoiler alert - he stole both the eye and the tooth and held them for ransom until they gave him what he wanted.

I try not to think about how the logistics of any of that would have actually worked, because it sounds gross and Greek and makes my head hurt every time.

Still, message received.

"Right then."

Gleeson nodded when we did, then spun back around and marched right up to the bus without another word.

The doors hissed open as soon as he got close enough, letting rip a burst of air that sounded disturbingly like an exhale, long and sharp and probably tortured.

Wonderful.

"Guess we're doing this then."

Sai sounded about as excited about it as I did.

"Looks like it."

"I-" Regulus cut in as he slinked up behind him, eyes narrowing with an emotion I couldn't quite place. "-Am seeing so many things I can't explain today. That's an achievement."

Then he glanced at me knowingly and followed after Gleeson without saying anything else.

Because of course he did.

"At least he's happy." Sai watched him go and nudged me in the ribs. "Plan in case this goes terribly wrong?"

I didn't miss a beat.

"You grab Gleeson, jump out the window with Regulus, and I set everything on fire with Incinerate Anthem."

"..."

I'd do it, too.

Assuming the cat doesn't beat me to it himself, that is.

Longinus Gears had the terrifying reputation that they did for a reason.

"Overkill and crazy dangerous." Sai thought it over for a moment and nodded firmly. "I like it."

"Of course you do." I smiled with precisely zero feeling and finally stowed Serpent's Downfall away. "Shall we?"

And then we stepped up and into the Grey Sisters' domain.

...​

The inside of our ride was a hollow shell: ordinary frame, but the floorboard was scarred plywood, the walls were bleached off-white except for the grey windows, and there were only three seats up near the front, behind the driver's - we'll get to that in a sec.

The rest of it was just empty space, but not normal space - it took focus, but you could kind of tell that this thing was just a fraction bigger on the inside than it was on the outside.

Not enough to be absurd, but just enough to play tricks on your mind and make you uneasy.

Somehow, I wasn't surprised.

The air we were breathing in didn't help - Both cool and warm, and charged with something that smelled two parts ozone, one part reeking sulfur, and felt almost like static against my skin.

But not quite.

Everything about this was not quite, and gods did it suck.

And then there was the main event: the drivers three.

A trio of little old ladies shared the driver's seat, huddling shoulder to shoulder behind the stirring wheel, each wearing an ashy sack-cloth dress and a curtain of stringy hair that hid their eyes - or whatever they had in place of them - from view.

"Greeting, mortal passengers." The one on the far right piped up, slowly craning her neck back to us in a way that had what sounded like half her bones crackling like Pop Rocks. "And welcome aboard our humble Chariot. I am Wasp."

"I am Tempest." The one on the far left offered, while the driver in between just grunted and gripped onto the steering wheel with a bony hold.

"Anger."

"Not their real names," I heard Gleeson mutter under his breath. "Just titles."

"Quite true!" Wasp readily agreed, which distracted me from considering the implications of the one called Anger being the driver behind the wheel. "And now that that's out of the way, a brief announcement: As you have paid your toll and not stolen, extorted, or attempted to swindle a free ride from us, everything is in proper order! However, we sisters are not responsible for any bouts of… untimely expiration not directly caused by our hands."

Sairaorg blinked

"Uh, what-?"

"If you have any complaints, please file them through the governing body that presides over whatever afterlife you may be drawn to in such an event." Wasp seemed to look right at Sairaorg then. "Greek or otherwise."

…Welp.

That secret didn't last real friggin long.

"How-?"

"And away we go!"

That's all the warning we had before Anger floored the accelerator and the whole bus was suddenly blasting off like a rocket with somewhere to be.

Ever tried standing up in a plane rocked by nasty turbulence?

Yeah, not fun.

Sairaorg and I nearly tumbled back, but I grabbed onto the chair next to me and he paid it forward by grabbing Gleeson, who did achieve lift-off and almost went careening across the back of the bus.

On the bright side, the cursing was kind of funny.

Less funny was the fact that Regulus hadn't moved an inch.

"Seriously, how!?"

"I'm not pathetic. Or worse: You."

"I hate you so damn-!"

Anger jerked the stirring wheel, and the bus swerved around a corner so fast the tires screamed against the tarmac, a full-on screech of burning rubber that could've grated on a deaf man's ears.

"Look out!"

Then she did it again as Tempest snapped, and just barely scraped by a pickup truck right around the bend. I winced sharply as the close brush tore the side-view mirror right off, and someone screamed faintly in the background.

Good luck buffing that out.

In other news, holy Dad on Olympus!

Too close!

"Watch it, Anger!" Tempest was on her case from the jump. "If you're going to throw a hissy fit about the Eye, at least use it properly!"

"Bah!" Anger grumbled, but she swerved back into the right line even as she pressed down on the gas that much harder. "It was my turn anyway."

Somewhere beneath us, whatever passed for an engine roared like a monster truck and shook the entire floorboard with tremors, and Sai and I exchanged panicked looks.

At this point, you might be wondering why:

After all, even if it was still picking up speed, we could fly several times faster at our absolute worst.

Hell, we could outrun it at a light jog, but it's different when someone else is doing the driving and nearly pancaking people on every second turn.

Watching - feeling - Anger weave through New York traffic at Mach why even for the next fifteen minutes was like tossing back pure adrenaline on an empty stomach.

"Oh, don't look so tense." Wasp crooned as her sister did her level best to scare the life out of every responsible driver she could torment, complete with furious honking. "Have a seat, enjoy yourselves! We've been at this for centuries, and our track record for unplanned fatalities is excellent! Only two dozen in the last three decades!"

Because that's what you want to hear on a ride like this.

"Manticore dead ahead!"

"What!?"

We… all yelled, actually, and sure enough, there it was - a little dot just off the curb in the distance that quickly grew into something hunched, furry, and tailed with a barbed blade at the tip of it.

Then Anger cackled and veered right into him, and bang.

The windshield rattled violently but didn't so much as crack as it was driven into a three-hundred-pound blob of howling fur and scraping claws. The thing dropped in the next instant, and…

The bus bounced, as if we'd hit a speed bump two sizes too big.

Fwoom-Crunch

I think I even heard another gasping scream down there.

"…Two dozen and one." Wasp amended easily in the silence that followed. "But that one was a monster, drenched in bloodlust, and if it had any spine at all, it'll be back from the Pit eventually."

She gave us another close-lipped smile, lips pale and bloodless.

"No harm done!"

These people were psychotic.

"Every time," Gleeson grunted, hanging on to the seat he'd dropped into for dear life. "Every time."

I'd have sat down too, but the things didn't have seatbelts - just long, rusty chains, and considering I'd seen where and what the other chains on this thing were attached to… yep.

Hard pass.

"Oh, don't be so dramatic, little satyr." Tempest snorted loudly, twisting back to join her sister in creeping us out via uncomfortable staring. "You've all become so tame in this era - where's all that wild bravery I remember?"

"Gone with Pan, most likely." Anger said flatly, idly strangling the steering wheel this way and that.

"Well, I know that." Tempest waved her off impatiently. "I meant personal bravery. It's hardly the first time this one's ridden with us."

"Then you're misremembering, idiot. This satyr was part of a pair, and he was always the tamer one. It was his partner who had the real fire."

Gleeson stiffened.

"Don't call me an idiot, you twit… but…Ah!" Tempest perked up. "Yes, it's coming back to me now… Evelyn Winchester."

And suddenly, I didn't give a flying anything about Anger's driving violations anymore.

"Yes, we do remember your mother, little demigod." Wasp seemed delighted by my attention, which should have been a red flag the size of Everest… but I was already hooked. "A legacy of the goddess of the Crossroads… bold as brass and twice as fearless. Very entertaining."

"Of course, we would have paid attention anyway," Tempest added in after a beat. "We always keep a close eye on that goddess's descendants, after all. It's only good sense."

That… told me nothing at all.

I wasn't sure why I expected it too - and I wasn't even going to bother asking how they knew who my mom was.

"Why?"

"Because she's the one who trapped us here," Wasp answered conversationally, even as the air abruptly thickened with meaning. "Bound us to this chariot as punishment for interfering with her interests by way of our foresight."

…

"…Putting aside the fact that I have no context for that whatsoever." I shifted on the balls of my feet, and Sai very carefully didn't, which was deliberate. "Is this the part where you say you want revenge?"

Because Incinerate Anthem was primed and a hair trigger's press away from ruining everyone's day.

"Please." Tempest scoffed. "Don't flatter yourself, demigod. We have better things to do."

"You haven't broken our rules." Wasp agreed. "And thus even if we wished to, we would not be able to harm a legacy of hers regardless. Your ancestor is very thorough in ensuring that the punishments she doles out don't come back to bite her descendants unless she wills it herself."

I blinked.

The more you know.

Take notes, Zeus.

"Hah." It was Anger who snorted this time. "Lamia was a lesson well learned."

I… had no idea who that was, either.

It's not like I've read up on every myth and bedtime story out there.

"Don't be a fool, sister. The Three-Faced One has no regrets there. It's not as if she would ever allow her favoured children to fall prey to that curse." Wasp tilted her head back and sniffed the air sharply, like a bloodhound trying to find a trail. "Even this one smells faint, for a demigod of obvious power. A blessing, most likely."

I-?

"Excuse me?"

"She means your scent." When I turned around, Gleeson was suddenly looking at me like he'd just gotten the key to one of the secrets of the universe, all wide-eyed in realization - or maybe just remembered something important enough to count. "You smell like a powerful demigod."

"Uh…thank you?" I was more confused than anything, missing too many pieces to be anything else. "Am I not supposed to?"

"No, but you didn't always." He explained, and my mouth clicked shut. "I visited your mother once, just after you were born, and you smelled almost mortal. It's why you weren't brought to Camp earlier, and why David could afford to wait so long before…"

Before spilling the godly beans.

"Okay…" I turned back to Wasp, who was still leering at me in a way that would probably come back as a nightmare at some point down the line. "What does that have to do with… the Three-Faced One?"

But I could already see what they were getting at.

They thought that Hecate had blessed me?

It… didn't compute.

Everything I knew about that part of my heritage was just….

Nothing.

Complete blank.

"Why would she-?"

"Who knows why she does anything?" Tempest shrugged. "Her goals are shrouded in Mist, and she works in mysterious ways."

I almost laughed.

Almost

"Though if I were to guess…your mother was very impressive for a mortal." Wasp hummed musingly. "Certainly worthy of earning a reward or two."

I took a sharp breath.

There were implications there I'd have to be blind not to see, but I didn't have time to process any of them.

We took another sharp turn, and Anger suddenly crowed out loud.

"We've arrived!"

The bus stopped.

Literally - All at once, impossibly instant.

It froze in a dead stop, dropping a hundred to zero so abruptly I nearly tore the seat I was holding onto straight out of the floorboard just trying to stay on my feet.

It was so sudden my stomach threatened to twist from the reverse-vertigo.

"Come on!"

Even Sairaorg had to play catch the satyr again as Gleeson went tumbling forward, and this time, the cursing wasn't as funny.

Meanwhile, Regulus was… still Regulus, unfortunately.

Quiet as ever, lazily watching everything.

"Brooklyn Marine Terminal, as promised." Wasp waved a hand dramatically. "Though choosing to park here has saved you quite the walk. You're welcome."

All three laughed like she'd just cracked the joke of a lifetime.

I looked out past the windshield.

Here turned out to be… a whole scene, really.

The port yard stretched out dead ahead, a patch of industrial waterfront straight out of a magazine cover, complete with multicoloured cargo crates stacked like Lego blocks and towers of wooden pallets scattered everywhere.

A little further in, and I could see the walkway leading up to a little pier on the East River, complete with mismatched boats docked in lines on either side of it, all glinting in the sun.

And then there was the foot traffic - satyrs, dozens of them in the distance, all working forklifts here or crossing raised planks there and doing whatever else all over the place.

And I don't think they were the only ones there, either.

"…Thank you, honored Ladies." I glanced back over as Gleeson stepped up again, looking to take the lead. "We'll take our leave now."

"Naturally." Wasp agreed, and the doors hissed open. "We'll look forward to your next visit."

"But," Tempest interrupted him before he - before all of us - could take so much as a step towards it. "A word or two of advice, if you would have them."

Now, my gut reaction was to nope out, but the Sisters weren't exactly waiting for an answer.

"We won't be prying, but if you so happen to be heading into the Sea Of Monsters-"

"Why would they?" Anger grumbled, "Nothing but boorish conversation partners, the lot of them."

"-Do look out for our brother." Wasp gamely ignored the interruption. "Last we heard, he was making a nuisance of himself just past the Symplegades. Do be wary of his appetite. We'd simply hate to lose your business."

Brother?

Crapbaskets.

Tempest chose them to follow up on that.

"Gleeson Hedge."

"My lady?"

"Any butcher worth their salt will tell you that slaughtering a goat is delicate, careful work."

Oh, what the hell.

"If you let them see the blade coming, they panic and flail in ever so predictable mortal terror, and the fear bleeds into the flesh."

Gleeson looked like he was actively swallowing lemons by the barrel, but he didn't look away when the Graia's mouth opened in a wide smile, and a single, unassuming tooth became visible below her chipped upper lip.

The tooth.

A chill crawled down my spine at the sight of it.

"It's a nasty aftertaste, you see." Her unhinged tirade just went on and on. "One that ruins the meat."

"Satyrs are much the same." Wasp offered as we all stared, stone-faced. "Fear makes you weak and disappointing… and fear born from guilt?"

Gleeson stilled.

"Oh, what an insidious poison that it is. Do you understand me, little satyr?"

"…I do. Thank you for your wisdom." He took a step towards the door, and he grabbed onto me out of the blue, tugging on my hoodie almost violently as he swept past. "It's time to go."

"The truth shall set you free, Gleeson Hedge, but only once you set it free in return." Anger's tone was heavy with warning, and the tugging on my hoodie turned near-manic. "Secrets like yours have no place on dangerous sea voyages, for they have the most irritating tendency of coming to light when they are least convenient."

And something about those words seemed to paralyse the satyr more than urging else had yet.

"I-"

"Besides, what have you to fear?" Tempest laughed, head turning towards me. "The Winchester blood evidently breeds true. Powerful and interesting - and he reeks of secrets worth keeping."

"And comes with most… fascinating companions," Wasp added, attention straying to Sai and Regulus.

"So unburden yourself." Anger finally turned on the spot, abandoning the steering wheel to look directly at us. I spotted a flash of phantom green - an iris - underneath the cowl of stringy hair that had me snapping mine away at once. "After all-"

And then all three spoke up at once-

"""We doubt you'll manage to get this one killed as well.""""​

- and everything inside my head faded into white noise.


…​

Nobody said a word as they stepped off the 'bus' and onto the port yard proper.

Not even when the thing hissed shut behind them and took off with a scream that was less metaphorical and more alive than it had any right to be.

A part of Sairaorg was ready to cheer, watching it hurtle off into the distance and disappear with a shimmer of twisted air, because everything about that had been twisted.

Thanks for the ride, but good riddance.

The rest of him was all too focused on Dan's eerily blank expression to care.

What they'd just heard…

He grimaced.

This wasn't going to be good.

The charged quiet lingered, stifling the scent of the salt breeze and the warmth of the sunlight into something dull and worthless.

There was some attention from the people on the far end of the yard, but none of them were focusing on that either.

Not just yet.

Soon enough, Dan blinked and slowly craned his head towards Gleeson.

"What did they mean?"

Here they go.

"…"

Gleeson looked grey in the face.

He opened his mouth and closed it again just as quickly.

Dan stepped forward, expression still blank, but his eyes were suddenly burning - mostly metaphorically, but there was a hint of sizzling gold in there too.

Gleeson didn't miss it, if the way his stance turned wary was anything to go by.

"What. Did. They. Ḿ̸̱ȩ̴̋A̶̫͐n̶̛̟?"

The last word… broke?

Splintered?

The sound of it did something that sound probably wasn't naturally supposed to do, and Sai almost winced.

He hated that trick.

…Except this time, it wasn't a trick, was it?

It was something much worse instead.

Regulus didn't flinch, but Gleeson did, hands twitching up like he desperately wanted to cover his ears.

He knew the feeling.

"Dan…"

"Yeah, Sai?"

He almost sounded calm about it.

Conversational, even.

Sairaorg hated how fake the tone of it was.

"Take it easy."

"I am." He shot right back. "I just heard what I did, and I haven't lost my mind."

The 'yet' was so heavily implied it might as well have been painted in bright neon green and had its own theme song to match.

"This isn't-" Gleeson stopped, setting his jaw. "This isn't the kind of conversation you have before a dangerous quest."

It probably wouldn't be, but Sai wouldn't have taken that for an answer, and there's no way Dan would either.

And he didn't.

"I'll be the judge of that."

"I will tell you, I always would have-"

"Then go ahead."

"Now isn't-"

"Tell me."

"Just wait until-"

"Tell me."

"Kid-"

The glow in Dan's eyes flared like living fire.

"Tell me!"

The satyr's mouth clamped shut roughly, and his fists clenched so violently that his knuckles went bloodless and his entire body trembled from head to toe.

He looked like he was about to rage at everything and nothing at all.

But only for a moment.

Then, all at once, the fury died.

His shoulders dropped, the air burst out of him in one reluctant exhale, and all the fight seemed to sputter and drift out with it.

"Fine." He drew in a slow, miserable breath. "Fine."

…

Another moment passed.

Eventually, he started.

"It was a few years ago. I was in Arizona, following up on a potential demigod's trail, and I found her. A little tyke by the name of Clarisse." Gleeson paused, licking his lips before sighing again. "Forget I gave you that name. The important part is the blood: turns out, she was a daughter of the God of War. The big one."

Ares, Sairaorg's mind piped up helpfully.

"She was one of the unlucky ones. Monsters sniffed her out too young, and then her mother made it worse by letting slip the secret of what she was. Her scent got stronger, and it drew in even more of the ugly freaks. By the time I got there to help, they'd been boarding up in a different motel room every day for the better part of a week just trying to stay ahead of them."

Dan didn't say a word.

Sairaorg couldn't help the reflexive question, though.

"And her dad didn't help at all?"

Gleeson looked at him like he was stupid for asking.

"That's not how the gods work. They help their own, but only at the right moment, if they're appeased and in a good mood. Most of the time, it just isn't their way."

… Apparently not.

…. If Dan had been a kid in that kind of danger, Sai couldn't imagine Apollon not interfering.

Not after what he'd seen with his own eyes - things would have probably gotten borderline biblical.

But that didn't matter right now.

"As soon as I got to the kid, I knew I needed to get her to Camp for her own safety. Her mother, too. I had it all planned out and everything." Gleeson went on, and his voice got grimmer and heavier with every word. "Then I had a dream."

A pause.

"I saw my mother in it. She spoke to me through it, and asked for my help." He said gruffly. "Told me she could feel some kind of danger stalking her and some of the other nature spirits who lived nearby, and begged me to come back home before it was too late."

Gleeson shook his head carefully.

"I wanted to - gods know I did - but I couldn't. The kid needed me, and I had a duty to keep to." Slowly, he looked back at Dan - right in the eye, with meaning. "But I had a friend, you see. Strong, whip-smart, and meaner than a celestial bronze dagger in a scrap. Someone I could trust to watch out for my ma."

And suddenly, the pieces started clicking into place.

Dan swallowed lightly and took half a step back. - It was becoming clear to him too.

"My mom."

Gleeson nodded - and something about the gesture stank of regret.

"Your mom. It was supposed to be a quick check-in. She'd visited before, and I just wanted her to have a look, that's all. Keep an eye on things, just until I got back."

"...That's not what happened."

"No." The regret was louder this time, more pronounced. "There was a battle. I don't even know what happened, all these years later. Ma said there was some kind of monster that attacked her home, and the homes of the rest of the nature spirits in the area. Something hulking and twisted, made of fire. It tried to get her too, but Evelyn got her out before going back in to fight it and buy time, and-"

This time, he stopped hard, and the tremor in his rough voice was subtle but unmistakable.

Dan...

He just stood there, listening, not a tell on his face.

Sairaorg was pretty sure he'd stopped breathing altogether.

It was almost scary, and after the year he'd had and the training that went with it, he didn't scare easy.

"When it was done, the house…the mortal home, at least… all of it burned down. Exploded, even. Went right out in a fireball ten stories high. Whatever monster your mother was fighting went with it. She sent the bastard screaming right back to Tartarus." He sounded viciously satisfied by the fact, but it didn't last. "But… she didn't make it. After everything was said and done, I… took her home. Made sure David knew how it happened, or tried to explain as much as I could before he booted me out his house and warned me never to set foot in the place again, and…"

Gleeson shook his shoulders in something too helpless to even be called a shrug.

"That was that."

…

…

…

The minutes passed

…

…

…

"My mom…" Dan finally whispered, the words so low they somehow warped back into being deafening. The breeze brushed his hair back, which only drew attention to the way his eyes flickered between blue and molten gold. "Had a closed casket at her funeral."

Sairaorg's stomach immediately dropped down to Hell and kept going, and Gleeson looked like someone had ripped out his heart and rammed it down his throat.

"I remember begging my uncle to let me see her, just one more time, but he wouldn't budge no matter how much I tried - and I tried, believe me." He laughed, and it sounded jagged, with all the appeal of blades of broken glass scraping against one another. "Guess I know why now."

"…It was for the best." Gleeson finally said. "No kid should have to see tha- their mother in that state."

"Dead, you mean?"

They both flinched.

"Burned, even?"

"-it'll never be enough, but I'm so so-"

The temperature shot up by twenty degrees, instantly, and Dan's eyes flashed sharp gold for a full second.

Gold, with just a fleck of ominous purple within.

"Don't."

...

He didn't.

Silence reigned.

…

…

…


"Dan-"

"It's okay, Sairaorg."

The heat cut off just as quickly as it had come, and Dan turned to pat him on the shoulder.

Sairaorg… didn't know what to say to him past that - Unholy Satans, what could he say? - but he never got the chance to try anyway.

He tried to reach out and return the gesture, but Dan dodged out the way and stepped back easily.

"I'm fine!"

His friend smiled at him, eyes back to their normal blue again, and still the expression was so... not-Dan it was almost disgusting to look at.

"I know it's a bit of a buzzkill, so I won't go there again. In fact-"

He glanced back at Gleeson, and smiled at him, too.

"Don't worry about it anymore. Don't talk about her again - don't even bring up the subject again." He clapped his hands together and stretched that hollow lie of a smile further. "After all, we have a quest to get to, and we've been standing here so long those satyrs over there who think I can't see them looking at us are probably starting to think we're crazy - let's get right on that."

And then he stepped right on past them, and walked away without another word.

Gleeson stared after him, looking downtrodden and decades older than he had before, and Regulus just watched.

Tellingly, though, even he was silent.

And Sairaorg…

Sairaorg didn't know what to do anymore.

…​

Dan's mood at the end of the chapter: I'm Fine!


View: https://imgur.com/j1UKhCM​


As always leave your comments and ideas and if you don't like it, please be courteous.
Last edited: Oct 13, 2025
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Ender Wiggen, Doc Sithicus and 894 others
Firewillreign
Sep 24, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Interlude - The Damned And The Divine
View content
Firewillreign
Firewillreign
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 26, 2023
Messages888
Likes received82,880
Oct 13, 2025
Add bookmark
#2,304
Finding their next ride - the one that finally took them out into the Sea of Monsters proper - ended up being surprisingly straightforward.

No, really.

It certainly could have gone worse, all things considered - but that didn't mean it was exactly a walk in the park, either.

Not after-

…

Well.

Not after the story about Evelyn Winchester's… everything came out to the one person in the world - worlds - who deserved and had more right to hear it than anybody else alive, and then some.

By the time that disaster of a conversation was over and done with, the air between the four of them wasn't just stifled with the weight of coiled, razor-sharp tension - it was actively choking on it and begging for the sweet release of death.

That, or cowering away from the threat of fiery immolation, which would have probably been on the table if Dan were any less restrained or even half as wild as someone looking from the outside in would have expected.

He wasn't, and Sairaorg would know, too.

Still, he had the good sense not to push when his best friend brushed past him and started marching down the far end of the port yard like he was trying to out-speedwalk his demons.

Or at least pretend to leave them in the dust.

Don't get him wrong here: he wanted to help, desperately, but he was smart enough to know that there was time and a place to press the issue... and smart to know this wasn't it, and to absolutely hate that fact, even when he was pretty much forced to roll with it.

"Right then."

Gleeson was clearly on the same page, because the satyr beat him to the punch by a split-second and put on a brave face - and by brave, Sairaorg meant hard-jawed and miserably stubborn.

That, and plain old miserable, but what else was new?

"Let's get this done."

He started off after Dan without another word, and Regulus snorted dryly at Sairaorg's side.

"Uppity little goat, isn't he? Or at least one that makes a good show of it - and would you look at that," His eyes tracked Dan lazily. "The sun-brat's finally shut up for once. Who knows which meddling god dolled out that miracle?"

Okay, no.

"Regulus?"

"What, other-brat?"

"Reg."

The living Longinus tilted his head his way, and Sairaorg gave him an even - and maybe slightly pleading - look.

"Don't, please." He glanced over at Dan and back. "Not now."

"..."

"..."

Regulus stared at him.

Sai matched it levelly and crossed his arms for good measure.

Sometimes, in between the spars and the poking and prodding here and there, it was easy to forget who Regulus was.

What he was.

The darndest thing was that, for having known him only a relatively short time all in all, he wasn't actually all that worried about the Nemean Lion being overly cruel when and where things could get messy.

Call it optimism, but from everything Sairaorg had seen and heard, being trapped in a sacred gear for a millennium or three had been one heck of an attitude adjustment - if he even needed one to begin with.

Plenty of apex predators out in the wild - magical or otherwise - weren't necessarily malicious.

They just existed, exactly as nature intended.

But that was way off point.

Eventually - a long second later, really - Regulus snorted and shook out his mane.

"Oh, spare me."

Then he up and padded away, but Sai had a feeling he'd gotten through to him anyway, and his lips almost curved up for a beat.

Good.

Now for the other thing they had to deal with: All the attention they were pulling in.

They weren't alone in the port yard, after all.

The satyrs were an obvious one.

Two dozen and change divided across the space around them, curly horns on full display and shaggy quarters underneath baggy, comfortable cargo shorts or whatever else they each felt like wearing, and all of them doing something or the other around the place.

Some were stacking crates off to the side. Others were fiddling with thick lines of rope and winding them into elaborate knots, and a handful were further up on the pier and mooring a few rickety row boats that looked like they'd been around since well before indoor plumbing was a thing.

There were even a couple more to his far right, playing a pair of mismatched reed pipes with some real skill and… apparently trying to serenade a potted plant.

Sairaorg blinked.

Was that a bonsai?

… Actually, never mind.

He wasn't going to ask. Not his circus

When he glanced off to his left, though, he saw another pair standing just a few feet away from the edge overlooking the water, arguing quietly - only these two weren't satyrs.

Not even close.

They looked like a pair of older girls at first, with hair that was both seafoam-white and blue-green in two different shades, eyes that glittered a little too brightly even with the sun as high in the sky as it was getting, and both of them radiated that vague, staticky feeling magic gave off when he wasn't looking too deep but still clocked onto it anyway.

Nymphs.

"East River - saltwater instead of freshwater," He heard Dan mutter under his breath up ahead, and he sounded about as emotive as talking roadkill - running on automatic and nothing else. "Nereids, not Naiads. Or maybe Oceanids?"

The two nymphs stopped arguing and looked over at them.

"I think they heard you."

Their brows furrowed in confusion, like they were staring at a jigsaw puzzle they didn't know what to do with - then they abruptly reared back and blanched dangerously.

"And we freaked them out."

"Did we?"

They did, clearly - or maybe the nymphs just spotted the giant golden lion standing somewhere off behind them, because one turned and leaped straight over the edge of the pier in one smooth dive, and the other dissolved into a salty breeze on the spot and drifted off into nothingness, right before their eyes.

…Honestly, fair.

It wasn't like they were the only ones getting all up in arms about them, either.

By the time he stepped up next to Dan, there was a whole crowd of satyrs beginning to form in a loose semi-circle around them.

Very loose, which wasn't all that surprising, because - again - Regulus but even Sairaorg was getting a double-take or three, coloured in with apprehension and all sorts of barely-leashed panic.

Some of them even brandished weapons their way: a club here, a pair of daggers there, a spear, an axe, and one particularly enterprising crusader was crouched at the knees and holding on to a pair of nunchucks like he meant business - clenched teeth, white knuckled grip and everything.

And then there were the whispers.

"Dear Pan-"

"It's looking at me-!"

"Demigod... and an Anathema-!?"

Frankly, it looked like the only reason they weren't either scattering or charging at them - for all the good that would do - was because of Gleeson, who was very deliberately standing about eight feet away from Dan and not looking anywhere in his direction.

Far enough not to press, but close enough to make it clear that he was with them

"Alright, enough."

Or that they were with him.

Dealer's choice.

"Gods, would you get a hold of yourselves?" the satyr grunted, crossing his arms and looking none too pleased to be in the spotlight. On the bright side, everyone else clammed right up in favor of staring at him incredulously. "And wipe those looks off your faces, you're embarrassing us all."

Oof.

Scathing.

Then a new voice piped up and broke the sudden silence.

"What's all this noise about!?"

The crowd of satyrs parted down the middle, and another one stepped up - he was a head taller than Gleeson but looking nearly the same age, with a scrappy beard, curving horns and a 'sunny day at the beach' type get-up just as unassumingly mortal-ish as the rest of them.

Right down to the beach shorts and the pretty, unrepentantly corny Hawaiian shirt.

"Hedge? That you?"

"Reed." Gleeson managed a smile - a grim, humorless one, but still. "Been a while."

"I'll say." Reed's eyes traced over him, and then they passed over to them, and he stilled like a deer in headlights. "And I'll ask."

"Thought you might."

"What in the Pit-!?"

"They're with me."

The other satyr's mouth snapped shut, and his fists clenched and unclenched at his sides erratically, but only for a moment.

"I figured," He grunted, in a tone so deadpan it was halfway buried in a shallow grave, "but that doesn't tell me anything, old friend."

"Isn't it obvious?" Gleeson tilted his head toward Dan, very pointedly. "Demigod, standing right there. I'll give you three guesses why, and the first two don't count."

Reed mulled over that answer for all of a second before his face scrunched up in distaste.

"Quest?"

"Quest."

"Damn."

"Like you wouldn't believe." Gleeson agreed dryly. "They need a ride. Passage, into the Sea Of Monsters."

"Come again?"

"You heard me."

"I'm not so sure I did."

Reed shook his head and briefly looked right at Sairaorg, before shifting his attention to Regulus, who 'yawned' lazily and flashed a maw of full teeth that could shave a decade off a human's lifespan with just a look.

Reed swallowed lightly, but credit where credit was due, because he didn't flinch back, and he didn't turn away too quickly.

"The demigod I understand, but the other two-"

"They're no trouble."

"You're kidding, right?"

"Do I look like I'm cracking a joke?"

"I wouldn't know. Looks were never your thing, Hedge. If you were any uglier, the gorgons would be out of a job."

"Oh, go eat a-" Gleeson cut himself off and inhaled deeply. "Not the time, Reed."

"I'm not playing around either." Reed shot back, dead serious all the way through.

"You're sailing that way yourself - another batch of fresh Searchers, I can tell-"

Searchers?

For Pan? Or other demigods?

"That's not the point, Hedge, and you know it. Quest or no, a monster with that kind of scent - whatever that is - and an Anathema-"

"If people keep calling him that to his face, I'm going to start getting offended." Dan cut in, almost conversationally, and everyone's attention snapped over to him - Sairaorg included. "And I'm self-aware enough to know that now is really not the time for anyone here to be ticking me off."

Crap.

He could've spoken up himself, but with how jumpy the company around him was, staying silent - for now - just seemed smarter.

The son of Apollon let that hang in the air for a minute, before smiling politely - which was a red flag if Sairaorg ever saw one - and shrugging.

"Just kidding." His friend held out a hand. "Daniel Winchester. Nice meeting you... whoever you are."

"...Reed Woodrow." The satyr took the offered hand and shook it gingerly. "And Winchester?"

He glanced at Gleeson, who was suddenly glaring at him urgently.

"As in-"

"Yes."

"-that Winchester."

"Yes."

Sai winced.

"Right then." Reed nodded and wisely moved right past that before turning back to Dan. "You keep dangerous company, kid."

Dan's smile got a little wider, and not even slightly more genuine.

"You have no idea." He threw a thumb over his shoulder. "That's Sairaorg. The lion is Regulus. Let's pretend they don't exist for a second and talk about that trip-"

The satyr took a step back.

"Hold your horses and hold 'em good, ankle-biter-"

"I'm taller than you. By over half a foot."

"-Yes, we're headed into the Sea of Monsters ourselves," Reed ignored the cheek. "But I haven't agreed to anything with you and yours yet."

"It's a quest, Reed." Gleeson cut in impatiently. "Are you going to turn away a demigod in need on a quest?"

"It's only smart to turn away trouble," Reed argued back, but the words suddenly sounded hesitant. "And even if we take you with us, we have to keep an eye on you- it's the principle of the thing - and we've got enough on our plates as it is."

"We can take care of ourselves."

"Can you?" Reed shifted back to Dan. "You're a half-blood, so I shouldn't have to talk to you about monsters and danger - and I'm not even going to mention your friends - but the Sea isn't like anything you've seen before."

"I've heard."

"Death has claws and teeth around every corner and under every wave there, and it only takes one wrong move-"

"It only takes one wrong move anywhere." Dan crossed his arms and stared, chin raised high. "We. Can take care. Of ourselves."

"..."

"..."

"..."

"...Hedge?"

"...You heard him. They can take care of themselves-"

Damn straight.

"-and I'll even be there myself, just to make sure nothing goes off the rails."

And Sairaorg had figured that that was where things were going, even if he didn't particularly like it.

Needs must, and all that.

Dan must have already gotten on the same page, because he didn't say a word about it, and that was about as positive a reaction as Gleeson was likely to get for a good long while - and Reed?

That satyr was just as silent as he thought all of that over.

"…"

"…"

"...You're going to owe me for this. Big time."

"Just put it on my tab."

Frankly, Sai would have just offered to pay the man - they'd packed funds and emergency funds for a reason - but he wasn't sure they had to.

Not quite yet.

"And if anyone asks, I only let a demigod and an annoying old goat onboard the Gale. No one else, Hedge."

It was a demand, but it sounded wry, like he was digging his feet in just for the sake of it.

"You see anyone else around?"

"Hah. Fine." Reed straightened out slowly and sighed- like he was already preemptively regretting all his life choices - before clapping his hands together sharply. "I must be out of my mind, but fine. You're lucky it's a slow day today. Plenty of room on the ship."

Gleeson shot him a flat look.

"You're a Searcher and a dockworker, Reed. Every day's a slow day because there's never enough of us lining up to die stupid."

That actually got something close to half a laugh out of him.

"Ain't that the truth." Reed finally turned back to his dockworkers - who'd been watching the back and forth like a game of competitive ping-pong - and snapped his fingers impatiently. "Go on then. Back to work."

Some of them tried to protest, but he waved them off impatiently.

"But the monster and the-"

"Don't worry about them - if they were gonna eat us, they'd have started with Hedge, the ugly bleater."

Gleason rolled his eyes and huffed under his breath.

"There's still work to be done, even for those of you who aren't setting sail with the rest of us. We have a schedule to keep, and if we're not ready to hit the open water in a few hours, you'll all be in for a swim when I fling you overboard myself!"

That got some more grumbling, but they still ended up slowly dispersing, and then it was just the five of them left standing in place.

"And as for the rest of you," Reed tilted his head and gestured for them to follow him. "Come along then. I'll introduce you to the Gale."

Finally.

…

The Gale, as it turned out, was a sailboat.

Sairaorg didn't know what kind, exactly - caravel, galleon, something or the other closer or farther off from those marks - but it was large, about a hundred feet from bow to stern, with a wide oaken deck, two masts supporting its sails and the words 'The Brave Gale' painted around the back in deep blue with bronze accents.

The wood was scuffed and seastained here and there, the masts were a little weathered and there were a couple of spots that looked like they could have really used a fresh coat of paint or two, but for a ship that was probably two hundred years out of date and counting, it was almost pristine - and absolutely magical in some way.

He could effortlessly sense the faint hum of muted power coming off of it even before they stepped anywhere near it, subtle but deep-winding and undeniably there.

"A real beauty, isn't she?" Reed was proud as he led them up the creaking gangplank and onto the deck proper. "Not mine, of course - just borrowing her off a friend, but I'm still captain around these parts."

Gleeson raised a brow.

"A friend?"

Reed shrugged.

"A legacy - Her mother was a nereid, and her old man was a demigod who got it off his father on a quest a few decades back. Managed to hold on to it and pass it down when he was done, too."

That actually got Dan to blink and look back curiously.

"... An Olympian?"

Reed nodded.

"The Traveler."

"Ah."

Hermes, then - Sairaorg knew that much, easily.

"She doesn't need the Gale all that much herself, so she loans her out to me year-round. Helps out the Searchers who need it, and rakes in some nice drachma from all the passage and trade I run with her."

"Trade?"

"Sure, kid. Plenty of goods out in and across the sea that need finding and moving, and a lot of folks who pay fair and square to get their hands on it." Reed cracked a grin as Dan stared at him funny. "Surprised? Don't be - the world's a lot bigger than just Camp Half-Blood and the questing you god-born get up to."

Sai snorted, entirely on reflex, and Dan almost did the same.

"What?"

"Nothing." His friend looked away with a shrug. "I've just never been to Camp Half-Blood."

And that wasn't even the half of it.

"You've never..." Reed's brows furrowed in confusion, and he shot a quick look at Gleeson, who grunted and pinched the bridge of his nose in answer. "What? Then why-?"

"Don't ask. You won't get a straight answer anyway."

See, he wasn't wrong.

"...I'll take your word for it," Reed finally said, but he still gave Dan's back a long, considering look before shrugging it off. "We'll be ready to set sail in a couple of hours. There's not much any of you can help with there, so find a spot to sit tight and do just that - oh, and I hope you've got some way to keep yourselves entertained, because it'll take us at least a day and half to get to where we're going, and that's only if the wind spirits play nice and give us a push."

What?

"Seriously?" Sairaorg couldn't help it - he blurted the instinctive question out before he could even think it through. "That long?"

It was the first time he'd addressed Reed directly since he'd shown up, and the satyr startled back a step and half, which was telling even when he got ahold of himself quickly and answered back in a tone that was just a little wary and steady where it counted.

"Them's the breaks. It might even be worse than that, if the Fates will it, so keep your fingers crossed and hope for their mercy."

And that was that, apparently, because Reed wasted no more time talking to them after that.

He gave Sai and Dan another confused, careful look, nodded at Gleeson, skirted around Regulus like he was desperately focused on pretending he wasn't even there to begin with, and walked right back off the ship, barking orders at his crew and kicking up a racket before his hooves made it even halfway down the gangplank.

A moment passed - long and quiet and awkward in the worst, most uncomfortable way to date.

"....Fates and Mercy." Dan eventually huffed humorlessly, "There's a morbid joke somewhere in there - or a whole book's worth of'em."

The words were just this side of bitter.

"Dan..."

"What, Sai?"

"....Nothing." It wasn't the time to push that button yet. "A day and a half till we get there. Anything we can do to work around that?"

He was just making conversation - the answer was already obvious.

Dan didn't disappoint.

"No." He shot back, short and clipped. "We need to get to the edge of the Sea of Monsters at least before I can work my magic. I can try before that, but it might not work... and it might get attention, and you know what kind I mean."

The godly kind.

Sairaorg pulled a face.

"Yeah."

"Great. Glad we got that out of the way." Dan nodded and turned away again before marching off quietly. "If anyone needs me, I'll be there, doing... whatever."

The implied 'Leave me the hell alone' was so loud it was borderline deafening, and for a second, they all just watched him stalk off.

...

... This feeling?

This was the worst.

Surprisingly, it was Regulus that followed suit.

"I'm going to go take a nap." He declared and padded away in the opposite direction, mane fluttering in the breeze. "Wake me up when this quest gets interesting."

In the end, it was just Sairaorg and Gleeson left to mind their own business, and even he tapped out quickly, offering Sai something that might have generously been called a distracted nod before he followed Reed off the ship and back onto the dockyard proper.

Sairaorg was pretty much left to mind his own business, and that was about exactly as much fun as it sounded.

Less than three hours since they'd left Chiron, and this was where they were at.

...Yeah.

This quest was off to a wonderful start.

...

Casting off was... anticlimactic.

There was no big fuss about it - the troupe of Styrs setting out boarded after they were done stocking the cargo hold with crates and supplies out the wazoo, and a few hours before the sun went down, Reed's voice finally bellowed out again.

This time, it was a command.

"Clear the decks and man the sails, boys! Prepare to set sail!"

Fwoosh.

Instantly, the Gale's magic shifted.

Not sharply or dangerously, - Really, Sairaorg had to focus to feel it at all - but the change was there as the sails were unfurled and immediately filled with a pressurizing thump, the force of it making the lines go taut and the rigging creak in sync with them.

The deck groaned some more and the hull tilted to one side as the wind finished grabbing hold, and by the time the vibrations settled into a steady rhythm, they were already cutting forward through the water and leaving the pier behind.

Soon, it was just a quickly shrinking dot in the distance.

It was no surprise at all, but the Gale moved a lot faster than an ordinary sailboat of its size would have had any right to.

Nothing really impressive by their standards - not even halfway close - but it was worth mentioning.

Sairaorg sighed and took a deep breath, inhaling the salty air and letting the breeze blow his hair back a little.

Then, he settled in for the wait - and it was a wait worth mentioning.

The next couple of hours were a special kind of drag.

The Gale's crew ignored him and steered well clear of the spot Regulus had commandeered for his nap, Gleeson was below deck and keeping to himself, and Dan was...

On his mind.

Still, he put it off at first.

Tried to keep a distance, just to give him space.

Then the nagging in his head and the feeling of... not helplessness, exactly, but anxious concern in his gut started getting worse.

And worse.

And worse.

Listening to the satyrs chatter above and below deck didn't help, and the sound of the waves breaking against the Gale's bow started off soothing, and then turned round and round in his head until it was about as irritating as the ticking of a cuckoo clock just waiting to go off.

Swish, swash, shwish, swash, shwish, swash.

On and on it went.

He tried to distract himself with the book he'd pulled out of his storage band earlier in the morning and spent the better part of the afternoon trying to get through, just to pass the time, but that got increasingly more impossible with every page until he started outright considering the pros and cons of chucking the thing into the sea and being done with all the trouble.

Eventually, by the time the sun finally began to dip below the railing and darkness started seeping in across the horizon, Sairaorg was through waiting.

"Budge over."

Finding Dan wouldn't have been hard even if the ship were a hundred miles long and folded in on itself like an origami crane, because he was just about simmering with that distinctive brand of tightly leashed, sun-themed divinity.

It was a strange feeling.

Hard to describe, too. Not quite like magic - if magic was static, divinity was like... white noise.

Lots of stuff crammed into one package, and you couldn't truly tell what any of it was until all of it was practically exploding in your face.

He'd asked Chiron about it once, and the best he'd gotten was a sudden lecture that made some sort of sense... and also didn't, without the right experience.

"Demigods are not a species, Sairaorg - they are a phenomenon. Divine context filtered through a mortal perspective. No two are alike, and their place in the natural order you can feel through senjutsu is... significantly more 'negotiable' and 'spur of the moment' than that of ordinary mortals."

At the time, Sairaorg had just the vaguest idea - maybe - of what that was supposed to mean, and Chiron had just laughed and told him to read up on the topic and figure out the rest on his own time.

Helpful, that.

The important point was that sensing Dan with Senjutsu could get weird, sometimes.

That was why, after plopping down and bracing back along the stretch of railing he'd been hogging to himself, the first thing Sairaorg did was nudge him none too gently in the ribs with the edge of his book.

"Urgh." He snapped out of whatever trace he'd been drifting off into and glared at him in irritation. "Seriously?"

"Yep." Sai grinned unrepentantly before tapping his temple with his freed hand meaningfully. "Might want to tone that down. It's not too bad now, but if you leak any more power, you'll start freaking out the satyrs."

"I'm not leaking any power."

"Dude."

"What? I'm not."

"Your eyes are glowing."

That got him to blink.

"They are?"

They were - a faint gold shimmer, but they were hard to miss even in the orange glow of the fading sunlight.

"Yep."

"Crap."

He looked away and took a long, steadying breath, and the light dimmed, but it didn't die out entirely.

Sairaorg supposed that was the best either of them could hope for, given the circumstances.

At least they weren't purple, this time.

He went to say something else - start any kind of conversation, really, but Dan beat him to it.

"What's with the book?"

Sairaorg paused.

Dan didn't look at him - his gaze was focused on some spot just over the opposite railing, and he was very intently focused on it.

Which was... fine, he guessed.

"I picked it up from home, the last time I visited." He showed him the cover - an almost blank, drab red. "It's a history of my House and the rest of my kind, but with a lot less propaganda than you'd expect and a lot more of what I think is supposed to be philosophy on the margins of it all."

In between the propaganda it did include, of course.

"... Huh. Is it a good read?"

"More like a desperate one. I was bored." The devil shrugged and cracked another grin. "Now I'm even more bored."

"Fair." Was that a hint of amusement there? Progress! "Why do that to yourself anyway?"

Sai shrugged again.

"Told you - I picked it up from home on a whim. It's an old birthday gift, from Cousin Sirzechs."

"'Cousin Sir-?'" Dan stopped, and finally whipped around to look at him. "Seriously?"

Sairaorg raised a brow.

"What?"

"That Sirzechs."

"You know it."

"'The Destruction Of The Underworld' - That dude."

"The one and only."

It wasn't like this was supposed to be new information or anything - the two of them had talked about their extended family members before, even if only briefly, and for all that Sai could understand why name-dropping a Satan Super Devil could be a big deal, at this point it shouldn't be any more shocking than Dan's dad being Phoebus Apollon.

Or anything else about his literally otherworldly origins, really.

Everything was relative, in the end.

"I... okay." Dan ran a hand through his hair and blinked a couple more times. "Sometimes I forget... he gave you a book about philosophy?"

"It was an official gift - the kind nobles are expected to give and receive."

"Ah. So thoughtful, sophisticated, and high-class... and therefore about as fun as a pet rock with googly eyes glued onto one side."

"You're kidding, right?" Sairaorg scoffed in disbelief. "I'd take the rock any day."

Who wouldn't?

"...Touché."

"You bet."

The two managed to keep straight faces for another beat... and then they both started snickering under their breath.

Success!

By the time that petered out, Dan's shoulders had relaxed a fraction, and he tipped his back a little further against the railing as the Gale bobbed and swayed underneath them.

"Man, it's been a day."

That was one way to put it.

"It sure has."

"We took a detour spiced up with existential danger, met the King Of Knights and a wild hound, and then we hitched a ride with the geriatric street racers of doom." He counted each absurd milestone off on a finger. "Oh, and there was that bit where we accidentally invaded the home of an old man who might have also been a part-alien vampire of relatively unfathomable power... or something like that, at least."

"..."

"..."

"...I'm sorry, part what now?"

Dan actually laughed when he caught the bewildered look on his face.

"Yeah, I don't get any of it myself, and I don't have the bandwidth to try to explain the parts I can guess at. I told you that the place is bad news and that the city is about to be a hot spot for danger because of the you-know-what-"

That ritualistic war, he explained - the one with the wishing monkey's paw gizmo.

"- so let's keep it at that."

...Okay then.

"Ignoring that for now... how much danger are we talking about?" He asked, curious despite himself. "And are the mortals there going to be alright?"

"..."

"..."

"..."

"..."

Dan was staring at him silently.

"What?"

He smiled.

"Nothing."

"Really, what?"

He smiled some more - and Sairaorg belatedly realized that it was the first genuine one he'd gotten from him in hours.

"I just think it's good of you to ask about the mortals to begin with, that's all. It's good of you. Very humane."

Oh.

"Ah..." He rubbed the back of his head sheepishly. "I was just asking. It's not... a big thing."

That got Dan to grin.

"I know it isn't. It never is, but you do it anyway. That doesn't surprise me, because I know what kind of person you are, but considering where and what you come from... a lot of naysayers would be in for a surprise, if they cared enough to get to know you."

...

...Huh.

"I guess, maybe."

Naysayers?

That was a funny thought.

There was no shortage of people, forces, and even gods back home that despised devils on principle, and it wasn't as if the hate was undeserved.

Far from it, unfortunately.

His ancestors really had it coming.

"I still don't think it's a big deal, and it's not like it'll get me far with our biggest enemy." He smirked good-naturedly when Dan looked at him askance, pointed a finger up towards the darkening sky. "You know. Him. The One upstairs, with all the pigeons."

Angels.

And then something strange happened.

He was expecting a snort, and maybe a joke or two with that kind of opening.

Instead, Dan gave him another wry smile.

"What, like He's in any state to be making judgments about you?"

The devil took that in slowly... and frowned.

"What do you mean?"

Why was Dan saying that like Sairaorg was missing something obvious?"

"What do you mean, what do I mean?" Dan gave him an incredulous. "He's-"

And then, just like that, he froze.

Completely.

Absolute stillness

"Dan?"

"..."

"Dan?" Sairaorg pressed. "What's wrong?"

"...I never told you." His friend whispered quietly, then, louder, "Holy Olympus, I never told you! I never even told Chi- our teacher!"

His brows furrowed almost violently, and his eyes flickered with confusion and mounting incredulity.

"That doesn't make sense. Why?"

"Why what?"

"Why didn't I tell you? Why wouldn't I tell you? How even-!?"

And now Sairaorg was officially concerned.

"Tell us what?"

"I-" He cut himself off before he could even begin, and this time, it sounded like it took genuine effort not to finish the thought. "I'll explain later. It's just... not a conversation to be had away from home."

Whatever it was... it still had him reeling.

...And that wasn't concerning at all, was it?

That something about Him could get that sort of reaction out of Dan.

"I'll take your word for it."

Another impulse occurred to him right about then, and Sairaorg cleared his throat.

"And if you want... you can talk to me about anything else, too."

That got Dan's jaw to snap shut again, and his mind to snap back from whatever place it had cartwheeled off to.

The meaning behind the words was obvious, after all.

"You don't have to," Sai said quickly, resisting the urge to throw his hands up in surrender. "But... I'm here."

You're not alone, is what he meant to say.

The Sleeping Disease wasn't true death, but for a subjective eternity, it might as well have been.

Comparing suffering only compounds it... but still.

Losing a mother...

Sairaorg understood that pain, even if that might... no, would be coming to an end soon.

"I'm here." He strangled the phantom sensation of guilt welling up inside of him at once. "Whenever you need me to be."

"…"

"…"

"...Yeah. Thanks, Sai."

"...Anytime, Dan."

And then they let the long, carefully loaded - but not uncomfortable - silence stretch on.

...​

That night and the day after it passed like the calm before the storm -all too literally, as it turned out, but they didn't know that going on.

Instead, Sairaorg and Dan spent the rest of the time on the Gale reading up on whatever material they'd thought to store up on while they were packing, and dozing off in shifts to let the hours fly by faster.

What?

It's not like they were swimming in options to banish the boredom, and you could only walk up and down the same deck a couple dozen times before you started to go stir-crazy.

The sea shanty's the other satyrs whipped out were fun, though.

At least at first.

Their quest mates didn't have it any better, from the looks of things.

Gleeson just kept to himself for the rest of the trip, and Regulus flat out hadn't woken up since he'd gone under a day and a half ago, except for the occasional warning growl he let rip whenever one of the satyrs strayed a little too close to his patch of the deck.

The last poor schmuck jumped so far up in bleating terror he actually wound up tipping overboard, and then they had to fish him out with a coil of rope and a lot of yelling.

To absolutely no one's surprise, that little fiasco didn't exactly endear them to the rest of the crew... even if a couple of them were definitely sniggering after the fact.

Dan was low-key convinced Regulus had done it on purpose, just for the laughs, and Sairaorg… had no comments.

Mostly.

"Really, Reg?"

"Grrr."

"I know you're not asleep. buddy."

"Grrrrrr."

"Yeah, yeah. You big old cat."

"Grrrrrrrrr."

All in all?

It wasn't a terrible trip.

And then the third day dawned bright and early - or just early, actually.

Bright?

Not so much.

The sky started off cloudy, fighting off the sunlight right from the start.

"A few hours left." Reed's voice sounded out from somewhere up on the quarterdeck, and Sai and Dan exchanged a careful look. "Keep your eyes peeled and your arms ready, boys. I don't like this weather!"

He was right not to.

The longer they kept to their course, the darker the cover got, all low and rolling and heavy in a downright glacial way.

The air cooled down to match, and the wind picked up piece by piece, slowly at first, just enough to ripple the surface of the ocean and give the hissing waves an extra kick, but it ramped up over time until it felt like the Gale was rocking back and forth with every icy, sail-flapping gust - and there were plenty of them to go around.

The crew tightened lines until the masts started creaking ominously, but it only helped in degrees, and the smell of salt from the increasingly wild sea-spray was slowly tinted with something that was one part ozone, and one part...

...

Well, he didn't know what, but it was sharp and sickly sweet, like rotten fruit that had been left to bake out in the sun.

Nasty.

That wasn't the worst of it, of course.

They heard it, before they saw them - a grinding, deafening rupture of a sound that seemed to tear the air in half and do its level best to pop their collective eardrums from the inside out, like the burst of a hundred furious rockslides going off all at once.

"There!" One of the satyrs cried out. "Dead ahead!"

They emerged out in the distance, jutting high out above a cloud of low-hanging mist that was suddenly just there - two colossal, jagged faces of brutally weathered stone hundreds of feet tall and even wider at the base, with enormous patches of colored moss and what looked like deeply encrusted barnacles running up and down their surfaces without rhyme or any kind of reason at all.

And those were on the tamer side - As far as his eyes could see, there were entire veins of strange, cancerous growths and mottled black reeds criss-crossing across them in every other direction, pulsing and quivering like they were following the rhythm of a beating heart, and one look at them was enough to make Sai's skin crawl.

They all felt and moved like they were alive - and they almost certainly were in some way - but a part of it was a trick, almost.

It wasn't just the growths moving in real time: the cliffs were too.

Not dramatically - not even very quickly, right that second - but once you clocked the unnerving, shuddering tremors, they were impossible to miss.

And so was the narrow, shadowed passage nestled in between them.

"The Symplegades," Dan muttered at his side, standing just as straight and ready as he was. "The clashing rocks. So named because they do just that."

Symplegades.

'Do look out for our brother'

They had talked about the witches' warning, yesterday, but only briefly.

"Any guesses who-?"

"That's our way in!" Reed's yell cut him off before he could finish getting the question out. "And believe me, you don't want to see what'll happen to us if we mess it up, so stand ready! On my command!"

They didn't have to wait for long.

A minute passed, and the rhythm of the Sympeglades' shuddering changed.

At first, it seemed to falter, like they were losing their stride... and then it kicked right back up again with an abrupt, violent lurch that had both ridiculous structures heaving in full view of the Gale, and in a way that almost hurt to look at.

"Ready!"

If the word had come even a second later, it would have been drowned out by the cataclysmic shriek of noise that sounded out as the cliffs began to tip into one another at speed, the water surging in between them right until the moment of impact came.

CRRRAAAKKK.

Air parted, pressure burst like bone-rattling thunder, and a spray of water launched up and out for hundreds of feet - enough that the Gale heaved back on the surging waves, Sai had to brace on instinct and Dan was forced to leap up and intercept one of the satyrs before he could go flying off the ship entirely.

It might have even been the same guy from before.

"NOW!" Reed roared. "FULL SPEED AHEAD!"

Nobody argued the point - The Gale was sailing full-tilt ahead even before the Sympeglades started parting again, the towering spires splitting with another shower of murky water and an eerie, torture exhaled of foul-smelling air.

In less than thirty seconds, they shot into the yawning gap as fast as the sea would allow.

The sound went dull at once, and the mist seemed to close in behind them. Someone gagged right from the start, and Sairaorg couldn't blame them - in the dark between the rock faces, the scent of rot was overwhelmingly worse than before, and it only grew sharper and more foul by the nerve-wracking second until it just about burned, all on its own.

The pressure followed its lead, spiraling up when the hull scraped against fanged barnacles and the rigging bounced off jagged stone shelves, sending broken pebbles and debris raining down onto the deck. The rubbery growths kept writhing on either side of the Gale, too, like they could feel them passing through and were trying to reach out.

It was....

Stomach-turning didn't do it justice, but Sai didn't even think about turning away.

All of his senses were razor-sharp, waiting for the other shoe to drop.

"Keep going!" Reed kept at it, and his voice echoed oddly over the mist. "We've almost crossed through! Row harder!"

The end of the tunnel was closer now, light seeping in from a spot just a little ways away, and...

And....

CREEEE...

The Sympeglades shifted, preparing to slam shut again... but this time, it was only mildly horrifying, on account of the fact that they'd already passed through.

The Gale had sailed right past the hulking stone arch where the two spires met and shadows underneath them, and passed right back out into open water and shrouded sunlight.

A wave of... not quite magic, but something washed over the ship as it did, directionless and non-threatening, and that was that.

No last-minute scramble, and no sudden twists.

Nothing.

They'd officially made it into the Sea of Monsters.

...

...

...

Sairaorg didn't buy it.

"Okay, there's no way it was that easy." Dan beat him to it by a second and scoffed on the spot."Not a chance. We aren't that lucky."

"Nope."

Life was never that easy.

Neither of them lowered their guards, even when the rest of the crew deflated in relief around them.

Someone even laughed, and Sairaorg spotted Reed and Gleeson finally stepping off the quarterdeck and making their way over.

"That attitude won't get any of you far, not around these parts. Plenty of danger around, so just thank the gods-"

Regulus stirred.

"HOLD ON!" "LOOK OUT!"

They felt it coming a split-second before it hit - danger, sharp and blaring.
The warning was instinctive, but it didn't help as something fast and furious and absolutely enormous suddenly just... popped into existence somewhere beneath the Gale, and came howling right up.

THOOM.

The ship jumped.

There was no other word for it - Over a hundred fifty metric tons of creaking oak and cargo achieved sudden lift-off, rising twenty feet up and off the roiling surface with an impact that was almost painfully cartoonish and absolutely terrifying for people who couldn't fly.

On the bright side, they came back down again.

Somehow.

On the not-so-bright side, they came back down again.

The Gale fell.

Satyrs howled.

Reed screamed.

Gleeson cursed like a professional sailor, and he was one of the few people here who very distinctly wasn't.

The landing rocked them all, and relentless, merciless saltwater rushed in as the ship dipped low and got doused by the oncoming tide.

Sairaorg didn't flinch, wings unfurled an instant before impact.

"A hundred bucks says that was the brother."

Dan snorted, holding onto the rigging with one hand and raising Serpent's Downfall in the other, the tip sizzling as the heat evaporated stray water droplets on contact.

"Suckers bet."

"Someone," Regulus growled from his spot behind them - he hadn't even moved, despite the water getting to him too. "Is going to die horribly for this."

Sairaorg heartily agreed.

"We'll get right on it."

He could sense the monster under the waves - something utterly enormous and bigger than the ship to the point of absurdity, acting up far below them.

He could also feel its presence seeping out like a storm, stirring up the waves, charging up the air, and darkening even the clouds in the sky until they started sparking and rumbling with nascent thunder.

"Dan? You feel that?"

"I taste that."

Fair enough.

The ship rocked again as the growing hurricane raged.

"What the hell is this thing?"

"The Graeae called it a brother."

"So?"

"They are the daughters of the Tyrant of the Sea and the Krataiis, and even though those two spawned enough monsters to fill a football stadium, there's only two male beasts I can name off the top of my head. It's either Skolopendra - an enormous monster shrimp-"

The thing under the ship shifted and finally began to move up.

"Or?"

Dan laughed, in that special way people do when things go so far off the rails they just can't help but find them hilarious.

In his hand, Serpent's Downfall seemed to burn with fiery anticipation.

"Cetus."

The thing erupted out there in the distance, and roared like the horn that sounds at the end of the world.

"The Beast of Andromeda, and the first and oldest of all Greek Sea Dragons."

...

...

...

...

...

...

He laughed too - he couldn't help it either.

Even when the Sympeglades clashed again, and the resulting surge nearly capsized the Gale, he couldn't stop himself.

This was just their speed.

Even at a distance, Cetus towered over and out-scaled the ship by at least a factor of five, and waves broke against his scaled, serpentine hide like polite suggestions.

His head was long and skeletal, horned and shaped almost like a crocodile's, but stretched disproportionately, with two titanic slitted eyes on either side of it and about half a dozen smaller ones surrounding each of them like the little numbers on a clock's dial.

Two flat, bloated arms stuck out unevenly from his coils, tipped with claws taller than Sairaorg and Dan put together, and more sinuous tentacles than anybody would care to count, all of them lancing out and thrashing wildly through both air and water like they had a mind of their own.

To cap the horror show off, when he turned to glare at the Gale - at them, standing on the deck - all of his eyes gleamed with murderous malice, and he unhinged a maw that was just endless teeth stacked between two uneven jaws and filled with brine and bubbling, oozing slime.

The second roar, of course, didn't even warrant mentioning, even though it could have stripped the skin of lesser mortals at range.

Most of the satyrs stopped breathing.

Reed and Gleeson went deathly quiet and stayed that way.

Somebody might have even started crying.

"Weak." Was Regulus's disgusted contribution "Dragons, honestly."

Sai didn't respond - he was still laughing, right up and until Dan jumped in next to him.

Even then, it took a couple seconds for them to bell themselves together, right as the storm howling around them seemed to reach its zenith.

"Shall we?"

"Let's. I have some stuff I need to work through."

A burst of light, and both of their armors materialized around them.

Then-

Boom.

One second, they were on the Gale.

On next, Sairaorg had grabbed his friend by the strap of his chest-plate and hurled them both off the ship with a single flap of his wings, so fast that the air distorted and cracked like thunder behind them.

After all, Dan couldn't fly without his divine thaumaturgy - the flashy kind, at least.

No problem.

Sairaorg reared back in mid-air, and then he flung the son of Apollon forward like a ballistic golden comet.

Cetus's frame seemed to pull back in something that might have been confused shock, but the dragon didn't have anything more than a beat to acknowledge the insect of a demigod flying towards it before Dan was already there, soaring over some thirty grasping tentacles and slamming right up on top of his head in an impact he actually felt.

Half a dozen eyes rolled up to glare at him, and the Beast of Andromeda rumbled in scorned outrage - right up until Dan barred his teeth, twirled Serpent's Downfall in his grip, and savagely spiked it halfway down through bone plate and the first layer of his scales.

By size alone, it should have been as effective as a mosquito bite - if even that.

Unfortunately, Serpent's Downfall wasn't just a spear.

It was a conceptual dragon-slaying armament, and the moment the tip of the blade pierced into flesh, Cetus howled.

His colossal body surged up, trying to dislodge the gnat bringing him pain, and the growing hurricane kicked up twenty notches as fire blazed through his skull and half the scales across it, lighting them up with a golden-orange glow.

As though he were burning from the inside out.

Tentacles distended from his lower body, warping upwards to try and rip the demigod off his head, but Sairaorg was having none of that.

After all, his gauntlets had anti-dragon properties, too.

"I don't think so!"

He drove into the dragon's chest with the full force of his armored, Touki-clad fist, tipping the monster back from the collision, and - with a screech like the sound of reinforced steel caving inwards - buried his entire arm into its hide, right up past the elbow.

Then he detonated the power he'd charged up in his fist.

Whoom.

Cetus didn't snarl, this time.

Instead, his lower body seized, buckling from the sheer force despite its outrageous size. A good chunk of its scales just blasted off, and the wound Sairaorg had made into it exploded with black sludge and liquified gore, splattering him from head to toe.

Disgusting, but he could be grossed out later, because the dragon wasn't out for the count yet.

Instead, it went berserk.

The winds roared with his rage, stirring up cataclysmic waves with every wild surge. Lightning danced across the thunder clouds, louder and louder with every burst, before striking out at everything - even them.

Light momentarily blinded him, and Sairaorg tasted ozone...

Then it happened again.

And again.

And again.

Four bolts struck him in quick succession...and felt nothing.

He might not be fast enough to see them coming - yet - but between the touki and the armor, they didn't so much as phase him.

Dan was the same.

His friend hadn't even flinched, gleefully driving his spear down even as its flames billowed up and outwards, scorching any stray tentacles trying to swipe him off Cetus's head.

The dragon didn't give up.

It kept at it, bucking and howling bloody vengeance, simultaneously trying to swat them out of the air and slicing forwards, aiming for the bucking Gale - or at least it tried to.

A glint of a different shade of gold in the distance was its own warning.

Their only warning, too.

Then Regulus unhinged his maw and roared.

Sound exploded out, and a wave of all-mighty pressure slapped the dragon, Sairaorg, and Dan away like the hand of an angry god.

Even the storm was partly blown away, and them with it.

"YOU DAMNED KILL-STEALER!" Dan yelled, careening off Cetus's head from the force of it. "I'ma kill him!"

Sairaorg grabbed him before a tentacle could wrap around him, and swung a palm out to sever it with a blade of razor-sharp air, ignoring the explosion shower of mangled flesh and black ichor that followed.

"Kill the dragon first!"

"I'm getting to it! Throw me!"

He swung him into the air, and Dan sailed up, right back up to Cetus's head.

Then he surged for his spear, yanked it out brutally and leaped right back up again, soaring higher and higher until he was a flickering dot above the cloud cover.

Sai's was a split-second thing, and then Dan yelled down at him, even as he kept rising.

Even the endless thunder couldn't drown out the words.

"Now or never! We're doing the thing!"

...

...Oh.

Oh, hell yes.

"Ready!"

That was all it took.

Fwoosh.

Fire seared across the heavens, and a ghostly, fiery figure formed out of it - great billowing wings, a serpentine body with four crimson-scaled limbs, and a tail long enough to wrap around the Gale four times over.

"Remember what you are,"

Dan's voice thundered out again, and a second sun lit up in the heart of the storm above.

Sairaorg, for his part, just threw his arms up and focused, pouring crackling Touki out and up above in a furious, lancing stream that had the figment of a dragon slowly taking shape and swelling in size, by orders of magnitude.

In no time flat, it was bigger than even Cetus, and in mere seconds, the heat it gave off enough to burn all the moisture out of the air.

On the Gale, breaths seized, jaws dropped, and worldview shattered... all while a lion yawned in boredom.

The Beast of Andromeda saw all of this, and finally began to radiate something other than malicious hate.

Fear.

Good.

This was it - the one 'spell' Sai and Dan could both perform together, using his spear's nature as a base.

And they'd only figured it out in training, a couple of weeks ago, by accident.

Funny how life works out.

"And slay the foul serpent!"

It took the form of an enormous draconic avatar, with a glowing white-blue heart at its core.

Dan, with Serpent's downfall in his grip.

Time to finish this.

Down below, Cetus let rip its last battle cry, and hurled itself up with all the strength it could muster.

Up above, the devil and the demigod - the damned and the divine - did the same, swung down their arms, and a second dragon descended.


""DRAGON'S DOWNFALL!""​


The world dissolved into flame and fury, the air itself ignited, and a bellowing death throe echoed out over the burning horizon.

...​

Somewhere, well out in the distance, a pair of eyes shrouded in Mist snapped open, and narrowed incredulously.

"What the Tartarus was that?"

...​

Cetus, a monster of mythological monstrosity and barbarity: Exists


Dan and Sai: LESSSS GOOOOO!

madara-hashirama-madara.gif

The Satyrs, watching it all go down:

pog-reaction.gif

As always, leave your comments and ideas, and if you don't like it, please be courteous.
Last edited: Oct 22, 2025
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Ender Wiggen, Dalv22 and 1,049 others
Firewillreign
Oct 13, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks We Carry Out The World's Most Well-Deserved Home Invasion.
View content
Firewillreign
Firewillreign
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 26, 2023
Messages888
Likes received82,880
Oct 22, 2025
Add bookmark
#2,476
First fic of mine to hit the 200K words mark. Woo!

""DRAGON'S DOWNFALL!""​

The monolithic spell descended, magic and spear and all, and it was like the world ended.

The howling winds.

The raging waves.

The storm that churned them both together over and over, and the deafening thunder that drowned all of it out.

None of them were spared - dragon flame met dragon flesh, and a cataclysmic explosion immediately devoured them all, whiting out everything up to the horizon in an all-consuming flare of red-gold fire.

FWOOM!

The air burned.

The sea boiled.

The heat alone went from searing to apocalyptic, and crossed the finish line as the only thing that mattered at all.

Down at ground zero, the mythical Cetus didn't just die - He was immolated.

Serpent's Downfall speared straight down into the crown of his skull and pierced right on through without an ounce of resistance. Glowing fissures instantly tore open and spider-webbed across his hide, and every last one of his scales followed suit and splintered before bursting away with cracks of pressure and flames so thick they might as well have been erupting magma.

All of this, even as the rest of the inferno kept incinerating his coiled flesh from the outside in.

Inescapable.

Hell from within, and hell from without, and trapped as he was in between the two, the Beast of Andromeda lasted only a few more seconds - just long enough to let rip this final, agonized bellow, echoing out for what felt like miles - before he just crumbled.

Literally.

The bulk of that colossal, serpentine form broke apart in the next beat, reduced to quickly withering pieces that were seared away until not even dust remained, and even his death throes were brief and snuffed out by the surging of the fire.

In the end, not a bang or a whimper or so much as the ghost of either made it out past that first instant, and the flames devoured just about everything.

And then, all at once - like someone, somewhere, had flipped a switch - they abruptly winked out.

Fwoosh.

The fire died and the light show ended.

The heat pulled back, and the white noise of fiery, crackling doom petered out into nothingness.... right in time for me to finally start falling out of the sky.

Straight down from above the scattered cloud cover, limbs splayed out and with the feeling of renewed wind whipping past my ears, against my skin and through my hair like it had something to prove - and I laughed, all the way down.

I couldn't not.

Even when the water's surface hurtled up to meet me, I didn't flinch - if anything, I leaned into the rush of things that much more, spinning a couple of times before letting gravity do the rest of the work in its own good time.

Sairaorg didn't try to stop me - Hell, I could hear him losing it just as wildly as I was, and that just made it better.

We were always on the same wavelength like that.

Swoosh!

Plunging feet-first through the surface didn't faze me -
The impact was nothing, and the pressure beneath the waves was a total non-factor, but the sensation of it?

Of deliberately letting myself sink twenty feet below the waves and then some, just to feel that special, floaty kind of peace you could find when your head was submerged and all of your problems suddenly seemed quiet and fuzzy and a million miles away?

Glorious.

I let myself float there for a few seconds, enjoying the easy pull of the current and the lingering warmth of the firestorm we'd unleashed - it was downright toasty even that far down - and despite where I technically was…

For the first time in about a day and a half, I felt like I could finally breathe again.

Funny, that.

Or maybe not, but it didn't suck, at least, so that was that.

…

Still, all good things end eventually, and the Sea of Monsters wasn't exactly a great place for a swim to begin with.

I got my head on straight in record time, and then I was kicking out and surging back up again, before breaking through the water's surface in one smooth, arcing leap - complete with a flip and everything, just for the extra style points.

Sai furled his wings away and dropped down at about the same time, catching the spray from a rising wave when he dipped low enough, and then we both stuck our landings on the only solid footing close enough to count, outside of the Gale behind us.

Most of it dipped underwater, and what stuck out was a still-large patch of unevenly charred ashen grey bone, bobbing along above the waves and topped off with the remnants of broken horns, chipped eye-sockets and fractures like lightning-burns that led back to the glaringly obvious puncture wound where my spear had punched clean through it.

Cetus's skull - or what was left of it, at least.

A Spoil of War.

We both wordlessly stared at it for a bit, and a nice, low breeze whistled by as we did, salty and refreshingly free of the scent of burning dragon flesh.

Even the gore that had splattered Sairaorg minutes ago had quickly flaked off and disintegrated, helped along by Touki, fiery heat, and sea spray, and for a moment, all was quiet.

Then I cleared my throat.

"So… that happened."

"It did, didn't it?" My best friend nodded sagely, before his eyes panned over to the remnants of one of the broken horns. "'First and oldest of all Greek Sea dragons', huh?"

"Yep."

"Let me guess - Your uncle got him. The one that got Regulus, too."

Heracles.

I snorted.

"Nah. Right track, wrong uncle - Perseus got there first."

The son of Zeus, and pretty much the most successful and upstanding Greek hero to ever hero - and even he needed Medusa's head to pull it off in what was essentially one big lucky twist of fate.

We did it with pure, raw power.

Another pause passed as I thought about that.

"Sai?"

"Yeah?"

"How strong do you think we are, now?"

"High-class." He answered immediately, which was how I knew he'd been thinking right along the same lines as I was. "And I mean really high-class, the peak of it, and not the whole 'barely there, only just scraping over the line' thing most of the Pillar heirs I used to know had going for them."

Right.

The devil ranking system, the one they used to stratify and break down the competitors in their Rating Game scene - the low, mid, high, and ultimate classes.

Or, roughly: irrelevant, bog standard, respectable, and elite, ranging up to scarily god-like - in power, at least, and gods were more than just that.

Especially the greater ones.

There was also a lot of wiggle room inside and in between each of the classes, too - the strongest high-class was orders of magnitude superior to the weakest, and there was a whole world of difference between the strongest high class and the weakest ultimate-class, and on and on it went.

And all of that was just for average devils, with the natural peak of the species represented in Serafall Leviathan and Falbium Asmodeus - two of the Four Satans.

The other two - Sirzechs Lucifer and Ajuka Beelzebub - didn't even belong on that scale at all, because they weren't natural.

Monstrous outliers, with power that couldn't be quantified with something so small.

It was the same for a whole host of ridiculous beings across Sairaorg's birth world - higher gods and forces and things so absurd that most everybody else just threw up their hands in disgust and gave up trying to pin labels on them a long, long time ago.

A real-life, never-ending case of 'if you have to ask, you're not strong enough.'

Compared to that...

Reaching the pinnacle of High-class was a feat - an awesome one, even if we'd probably have to fact check it with Chiron - but it was like climbing to the top of a high hill and realizing that the next peak you had to get to was all the way up on Everest, and that there were plenty more so much higher that you couldn't even imagine them yet, let alone see'em.

Demigod or not, that was downright humbling.

And also just a little bit... exciting.

"We've gotten stronger," I told Sai, still idly looking down at Cetus's skull - a real wild trophy if there ever was one, never mind the alchemical value the thing probably had. Dragon bone was always dragon bone and all that. "But not as strong as we could be."

"Not even close." He agreed on the spot. "We're not the strongest around, after all."

We both glanced at each other, perfectly in sync, and grinned.

""Not yet.""

See?

What'd I tell you?

On the same wavelength, every time.

...​

It only took a minute for me to recall my well-sated spear and for us to pack away our new Spoil of War - into Sairaorg's storage band this time, because it couldn't just be me hoarding away random loot and assorted monster bits - and then we leaped back onto the Gale.

And when I say 'leaped', I meant it.

One jump, a hurtling trip through the air, and we landed back on the rocking deck with a skidding stop and a heck of a better mood than we started with, honestly.

Nothing like extreme and murderous violence to turn a couple of frowns upside down - or maybe that was just the Greek in me talking.

Either way, we were feeling all sorts of amped up.

The Gale's crew, on the other hand?

Not so much.

Some of them were pale and shivering, looking like a light breeze could tip'em over.

Others - Reed and Gleeson, mostly - were blank-faced and shock-still, like they'd paused hard trying to process what they were seeing and turned into marble somewhere along the way.

The rest...

Past the ridiculous fear - because that wasn't going anywhere anytime soon, I bet - they looked awed, in a way that stretched the word to the absolute limit.

I'm serious - they stared at the pair of us with a light in their eyes that was almost disturbingly worshipful.

"Gods." I heard someone whisper, and I almost cringed at the tone.

Then the kill-stealer butted in.

"Oh, please," Regulus grunted flatly, sprawled as lazily as ever in his spot near the prow and barely looking our way with half-lidded eyes. "One measly dragon throws a hissy-fit and you mortals start embarrassing yourselves? Classic."

Sairaorg just laughed under his breath, because of course he did.

"Thanks for the help, Reg."

That roar...

"Don't thank me, you brat. It took you long enough to finish the job, and you infants are only mildly less pathetic than you were a couple of months ago. Do better."

I rolled my eyes silently and refused to take the bait - shocking, I know - and Sai shot a thumbs up his way.

"We'll take it!"

The lion snorted at that, and tried to fix me with a gimlet eye before he went straight back to napping under the sun - or pretending to, at least.

Great.

Glad we got that out of the way - now for the infinitely more important thing that only I could pull off, right here and now.

"Sairaorg, I'm doing it now."

His head snapped back to me and the look on his face went dead-serious in an instant.

"You're sure?"

Absolutely - we'd crossed into the Sea of Monsters now.

It was time to get serious and do something more than a little crazy.

"Damn straight."

I took off at a light jog, darting past the jittery, still-silent satyrs and heading for the hatch that led down into the cargo hold.

"Don't get too close," I told Sai before I started climbing down the rickety thing. Then I thought about it some more and grimaced. "In fact, get off the ship. I'll call you back when I'm done."

And I wasn't just talking to him, either.

All it took was a sharp glance down.

"You heard me."

I felt a burst of reluctance at first, and then, at blink and you'll miss it speeds, a patch of shadow broke off from mine, flickered across the space between us and sank into Sai's own in under a second.

Credit where credit was due, because he didn't even question me on it - he just leaped clean off the deck, unfurled his wings, and shot up a safe distance away in the same beat.

Good, that.

Better safe than sorry - I didn't want any 'dark creatures' around for this next bit.

I ignored Reed's startled curse and crouched down to lift the hatch, letting the thing creak open with a sound that was sharp, rickety, and plain old tired.

The ladder leading down into the hold looked about the same, but I slung a leg over easily enough and climbed down two rungs at a time until my feet splashed down onto the wet deck.

Turns out the sudden storm hadn't played nice around these parts - the planks were slick with saltwater, the supply crates were only a few steps away from totally waterlogged, and the smell of old wood, rusty iron, and salt was just a mess.

I ignored that too.

The relative darkness down there didn't bother me as I dragged a good-sized crate out of the stack to my right, and then I hopped right on and sat down, cross-legged and everything.

Then I took a deep, bracing breath, and reached for my storage band.

In a burst of golden light, a familiar weight materialized in my hand.

The sapphire that Dad had given me months ago.

The gemstone settled in my grip easily enough, warm to the touch and pulsing with a soft, steady blue glow, and I almost stopped to admire it on reflex.

Almost.

This next part…

It needed explanation.

Getting to the Golden Fleece was the goal.

I knew it was somewhere on an island in the Sea of Monsters.

See, the easiest way to find it - the most straightforward way for any halfway decent wielder of magic to find anything not warded or hidden away by greater powers - was to scry for it.

Which sounds a lot easier on paper than it really is when you get down to it, but what doesn't?

On the plus side, as a son of Apollon, simple divination magics like that should, in theory, come as easily to me as just about any of the other powers I can tap into through his domains and authorities.

On the extra plus side, the sapphire was a gift that had symbolic weight to Dad's myths of knowledge and prophecy-making, and was personally touched by the god himself.

As a scrying focus, it was top-tier, and since we were already in the Sea of Monsters, trying to find something that was also inside of it would be that much easier.

With me so far?

Fantastic.

Here's the bit where life goes out of its way to kick me where it hurts: I can't use my divine thaumaturgy in this world, for obvious reasons.

Subtle stuff, maybe, but nothing as 'loud' and attention-grabbing as that - I may as well stand under a giant billboard sign with the words 'I'M HERE!' splayed out over it in big neon letters, complete with foghorns and disco lights out the wazoo.

Yeah, I'm opting out of that one.

Luckily - or maybe just on the flip side of things - I had another source of divinity inside of me, didn't I?

One that should be at least as divination-friendly as the original stuff.

I took another careful breath, really tasting the salt-choked air, and then I put the sapphire down right as I raised my other hand-

Fwoosh

-called on Incinerate Anthem.

Purple flames welled up in my palm, streaked through with arcs of crackling gold as the Holy Cross's presence ignited on command, painting away the darkness in shades of ghostly light.

Just its presence alone would have made Sairaorg uncomfortable at range, never mind the hellhound that practically lived in my shadow most of the time.

But it wasn't enough as is in this state.

I drew on more of the fiery power, refusing to let it surge out and focusing it in the palm of my hand.

Less fire, I ordered it, more light.

The flames dimmed, but the light didn't.

If anything, it sharpened dangerously - less volume, more intensity - until it reached the point where just a single moment of distraction from me would see the power exploding out and incinerating the Gale tip to bottom in a heartbeat.

No pressure.

Slowly, with all the nerve-wracking care and tension in the world, I closed my eyes and moved both hands in tandem, gingerly pressing my palms flat against one another - like I was praying.

And technically?

I was about to.

"'Nothing in all creation is hidden from God's sight.'" The words of the Bible verse I'd memorized for this stunt especially seemed to shake the air, resonating with everything all the way down to the Sacred Gear nestled in my soul. "'Everything is uncovered and laid bare before the eyes of Him to whom we must give account.'"

In the end, it was all pretty straightforward.

I couldn't use my Greek, personal thaumaturgy?

Fine then.

I'll just use the Abrahamic kind instead.

"I hereby I̸n̸v̵o̵k̸e̷," The words were a roar of thunder in my ears at this point, and I slowly opened my eyes... to reveal pits of purple, gold, and off-white brilliance. "The Principle Of His Omniscience."

The spell finished taking hold, and I directed the bulk of its power into the sapphire, allowing it to erupt with an otherworldly shine.

The Gale and the world around it trembled.

Then-

"Eyes Of The Almighty."​

And I.

Saw.

Everything.

...




É̶̡̺̹̜̙̂͒̋͂̈͛̇̈̈̋͛̈ͅV̸̭̞͈͙̰͉̠̝͇͙̎͋̏̚͝ͅE̴͓̦̭̣͈̎̿͂͛̿̾̇̈́̽̋͋̄͠͠R̸̛͉̋́̄̽̓̃͂̕Y̵̨͖̣͍̟͙͖̌̀͋̐̓̀͊̌̔͑̊́̚͝T̶̡̧̢̗̥̪̬͇̻̣͖̱̬͍̗̺̝̒̂͂H̴̨̨̡̡̧̫͉̦̯̻̝͚̱̙͇̠͚̍̈́̅̈̓̅͝Į̸̢̡̞̣̯͈͇̭̰̣̲̭̗̍̏͛̆̓̓̽̕̚ͅŅ̷̻̞͂̒͂͋̑͋̑̕̚̕͜͝͝͝͝G̶̘͆̂́̏̿̀̒̈̉̉̐̽̽͂͝͝Ė̶̺̱̳̳̭̼̙̺͙͙̞̦V̶͔̞̣̞͉̹̙͎̜̤̳̪̣̰͑͌̐̄͗͋̃È̶͕̻̤͖͕̣͎̗̜̖̝̯̫̜̠̅̈́̒̋̌̑̋͐̀̍̍͜͝͝͝ͅŖ̵̛̪̙̱̥͉̝͔̠̺̤̗͊̓̾̎͝Y̶̱̦̣̽͋̓̊̑̾̍̚̚̕T̶̡̡̢̢̢̩̺̬̥͉̻̼͚͚͍͉͌͊̕H̶̢͙̻͓̫̝͍̘́̈͐̿ͅĮ̸̛͇̞̗̭͖͓̬͕̻̤̗̜͉͕̿̊̔͐̽̒̾̎͂̽͛͜͝N̸̤̮͔̥͐̿̐̊̂̓̽Ģ̶̩̰͖̟͚̻͙̳̈́̍Ę̴̣̗̲͉̫̯͙͛͒̐͝V̴̛̖͇͈̖̜̱͇͕̫̺̫͇̰͑̀̈́͛́͊̈́͛Ę̴̧͎̣̦̣̱͖̬̠̍̅̕͝R̴̛̻̣͉͇̠͈̰̠̦͉̯̞̀̒̋̿͐̆̚Ŷ̵͉͋͊̎̎͌̾̓̋̕͠Ţ̸̨̻̙̻̹̭̲̘̦̳̙̀̐͋̀̍̅̈́̉̂͠ͅH̴̺̙͌̓͋́̌͌̏̾͂̿͗̍̐̈́͘͝I̵̢̧̝̬̣̭͐̀̋̀̂̃̇̀̀̋̑̓͐̚̕N̶̡̢̢̠̦̣̤͕͖̅͝G̸̛̬̦͕̠̀́͂̇̉͐̂̏​

The first second of insight was the most overwhelming.

The Gale - Age-worn hull full of knots and angry little splinters, with tightly wound lines and sails and subtle magic weaving it all together.

Ṃ̵̡̯͙͋̂̄́́̈͂̉̋͗̐̓̑͂͘̕ͅṌ̷̢̢͖͉̻̩͖̺̲̮̹̞̯̼͐̆̔͗́͌͘͜R̵̨̖̹̠̭̿͗̈́̆̈́̾̓̔̈̋̑͘Ȩ̷̱͍̦̙͆͗̂͌̊̀̔̆͊̒̿̕​

The sea - Dark depths loaded to the brim with more monsters than anyone would ever bother to count, with too many grasping, pulsating limbs and shapes that twisted in on themselves in horrifying ways, all swimming out into the dark or slumbering in ancient wrecks and lairs far, far below the surface.

Ṃ̵̡̯͙͋̂̄́́̈͂̉̋͗̐̓̑͂͘̕ͅṌ̷̢̢͖͉̻̩͖̺̲̮̹̞̯̼͐̆̔͗́͌͘͜R̵̨̖̹̠̭̿͗̈́̆̈́̾̓̔̈̋̑͘Ȩ̷̱͍̦̙͆͗̂͌̊̀̔̆͊̒̿̕​

Even more - A swirling vortex filled with something reeking of danger from miles and miles away, an island shrouded in Mist, and an incomprehensible, endless checklist of so much that it was impossible to keep track of it all.

Ṃ̵̡̯͙͋̂̄́́̈͂̉̋͗̐̓̑͂͘̕ͅṌ̷̢̢͖͉̻̩͖̺̲̮̹̞̯̼͐̆̔͗́͌͘͜R̵̨̖̹̠̭̿͗̈́̆̈́̾̓̔̈̋̑͘Ȩ̷̱͍̦̙͆͗̂͌̊̀̔̆͊̒̿̕​

And somehow I still did.

The moment the spell was cast, my awareness magnified, grew, and overtook them all.

I could sense - feel - every detail with equal intensity, with a perspective that was meticulously detailed to a stupid degree, in every which way.

A bird's eye view from infinite directions.

I… couldn't describe it, past that - it was impossible even to start.

And then there was the pain.

It kicked in right from the beginning, but it was distant, at first, like I couldn't fully process it - deep and white-hot, the kind that made you stop breathing and made the thoughts in your head sound impossibly loud.

Then I did register it, at about the same second that I felt wet warmth seeping down my face and iron on my tongue, and a part of me almost seized right then and there with the effort it took not to scream.

The rest of me pushed past it - somehow - and focused on the most important thing I had to do.

Find the Fleece.

Now.

I focused on what I knew of the myth of it - the remnant of the golden ram, Chrysomallus, sacrificed as a gift to praise and thank the gods.

A relic so potent its powers of health and prosperity could affect even the divine-

There.

My ridiculous field of vision collapsed, and for just a second, I caught a glimpse of it.

Just one.

A golden, ephemeral thing hanging off a tree branch in the distance, on a small isle covered by bright, tropical green wildlife, and-

Big, bright and moving spots of fluff.

Were those-?

I didn't have time to question it, because the spell chose that exact moment to shatter.

The holy power cut off. The awareness I gained snapped back to normalcy like a rubber band that'd been on the verge of ripping in half, and the recoil of the magic hit me like a brick to the face at terminal velocity.

"Ulrghlgh."

My gut heaved, and I toppled clean off the crate in a flailing sprawl, blood pouring down my nose like a faucet and more of it already in my mouth, where I bit through the inside of my cheek. Pressure throbbed behind my eyeballs like a second heartbeat - and third too - and it felt like they were right on the edge of popping out of their sockets.

Breathing in and out didn't help, and I couldn't even get up for the first couple of minutes; it was that nasty.

The rocking of the ship made everything worse - my hands spasmed, my ears kept ringing, and my head was a total right-off. Frankly, the fact that I still had one at all and that it didn't explode from the sensory overload was a miracle all on its own.

Still.

As soon as my brain stopped trying to leak out through my ears, the first thing I did was smile.

Manically, sure, with bloody teeth straight out of a Halloween nightmare, but that didn't matter, because it worked.

Broken spell or no, that last image and everything in it had stuck with me clear as day.

I knew where the Fleece was.

"Gotcha."
...​

It took about twenty minutes to get ready, after that.

Ten of them were solidly filled out with me leaning against the railing, taking sips out of one of the nectar flasks we'd packed for the quest and trying to power through the residual headache.

It took Sairaorg about fifteen before he could comfortably drop back onto the ship - apparently, some of the residual holy element I'd put out had leaked into the wood.

Not a lot of it - the satyrs barely felt the difference, besides a subtle shift - but it was there, though fading fast.

I'll admit, I managed to laugh through the pain when he dropped down for a second and reared right back up again like a cat dipped into a cold shower.

It wasn't deadly or anything - he could withstand it with Touki, and relatively easily at that, but it wasn't comfortable and there wasn't exactly a point, so he waited up in the air for the most part.

Pity it didn't have the same effect on Regulus, but I suppose you win some and you lose some.

I'd take what I could get.

It was around the twelve-minute mark that the last person I wanted to talk to stepped up close enough to matter.

Damn it.

"Don't take this the wrong way." I started first, and I tried to sound as level-headed as I could - I really did. "I appreciate you helping us get here, but I... don't really have anything to say to you."

'I don't want to talk to you' is what I was going for there, but I ended up smoothing it out on reflex.

Probably the residual good mood from the double-shot of success with Cetus and the spell.

On his end, Gleeson didn't seem surprised, or even upset.

He just nodded.

"That's fair."

I expected him to talk more.

Ask about the fight with the dragon, like the entire crew was clearly just about dying to.

Maybe make a fuss about everything.

Instead, he stuck out a hand and held something out to me.

"Here."

I blinked.

It was... a dagger.

Not long enough to be even a small sword, but with a little more reach than a small knife, sheathed in a plain scabbard and with a grip that was all dark leather, and well kept too.

"What's this supposed to be?"

"It was your mother's."

...
...
...

Deep breaths, Winchester.

"What?"

"It was your mother's." He repeated shortly, but not quite flatly. "Nothing special, and it was only one of her little tools, but it's celestial bronze. Reliable stuff. It's yours."

Deep. Breaths.

"...Why do you have this?"

"She had it on her, before she-"

He stopped himself, and I was stupidly glad that he did, because the meaning there wouldn't have been lost on anyone.

"I meant to give to your uncle, years ago. I even tried, but he was angry and grieving, and he threw it back in my face."

I almost twitched, but there was no judgment there, and no blame.

Just words that bordered on monotone.

"I almost left it there, and maybe I should have, but I saw it lying out in the dirt, and I... couldn't." He cleared his throat roughly, and stuck his hand out a little more. "So I'm handing it over to you now."

"..."

"..."

I slowly looked at him, then down at the dagger and back at him again.

Then I reached out and took it, just as silently and three times as carefully.

I didn't look at it again, small and unassuming as it was, and I let it disappear into my storage band without so much as testing its weight.

I wasn't really thinking about it, and what it meant.

I refused to - not right now.

Gleeson didn't flinch at the flash of light or the magic, even as he tried to track it with his eyes. When that inevitably failed, he just nodded a second time and turned to walk away.

"Thank you."

He stopped again.

I did too, because getting those words out was like trying to upchuck gravel.

A pause.

"I get that bad things can happen outside our control, and I don't want to talk about it any more than that." I swallowed and looked away, back to the horizon. "But thank you."

That was all I could say, and all I was going to.

I didn't turn around again until he walked away, and Sairaorg finally dropped back down again just a few minutes later.

I knew he'd heard all that, but he didn't say anything either, and I was more than happy to move way past it myself.

"Ready to get started?"

"Dan, I've been ready for literal years."

That's the spirit.

I pulled out the sheaf of papers I'd been keeping in reserve until now - a small stack of standard-sized sheets with circles placed on them front and center, and filled out with interlocking geometric shapes and patterns that crisscrossed all over the place.

Sairaorg recognized the basic formation and raised a brow at me.

"Teleportation circles?"

"Sort of." I tilted my free hand side to side and held them up with the other. "No coordinates wired in yet."

Chiron had made them for us - deliberately incomplete spatial transportation arrays, pre-loaded with all the power you'd need to get anywhere reasonable.

They just needed an end destination locked in, and they'd do all the work from there.

"Alright then." I pictured the island in my head again, and the circles' patterns began to shimmer with green sparks, the knowledge imprinting on them easily enough. "Annnnndddd.... done."

The sparks shimmered brightly, and then the circles on the three top pages expanded vertically, rising up and out and stacking back to back until an entire wave of them hovered just over the Gale's railing, stacked back to back and wide enough for any one of us to just leap right into.

Sairaorg frowned and tilted his head at the formation as Regulus prowled up behind him.

"Not the kind I'm used to."

"Wouldn't think so." I agreed. "Those are like tunnels where you get pulled along from point A to B. These are more like... spatial railguns."

Obscenely more heavy-handed and costly in terms of power, and not necessarily any more precise - or, you know, safe - but once they were primed, they were a lot harder to mess with.

"When you say railguns-?"

I smirked, and he blinked.

"Huh."

"Well? What're we waiting for?"

Nothing, apparently.

On cue, we all leaped up and into the circles.

The moment we passed the boundary of the first, all three shuddered, space warped around us and collapsed into a single point, and we were gone in a burst of wind.

...​

It worked perfectly.

Boom!

Also loudly, but at this point, that was just par the course.

Our reappearance was nothing special - a rush of magic, a shimmer of more space, and then we were on the island. We didn't even stumble, despite the fact that it felt like we'd just jumped off a rollercoaster mid-dive.

I could tell you more about the island, too - the looming cliff and steep drop to one side, opening up to the ocean. The lush green hills and colorful flowers, cut in half by a deep valley and connected by a rickety old rope-bridge, the greenery on either side so healthy and vibrant it flat-out couldn't be natural - but honestly?

Who cares about any of that?

"Sai-"

"Yeah." His eyes had gone wide. "I see it."

We appeared, looked up, and there it was, just a little ways away.

The giant oak tree in the middle of the island rose out of the ground with all the more flowers and thick, curling vines wrapped around its base, shimmering in a way that had nothing to do with the sunlight. The growths curved around its bark too, stopping right at the long-reaching branches and the big, bright leaves, swaying in the wind.

And there, hanging off its lowest bough, just like in my vision, was the Golden Fleece - large and shiny - like sunlight turned into an Ancient Greek fashion accessory.

"Woah."

Even at a distance, I could feel its power radiating across the island, spewing health and vitality without measure.

I even felt it seep into me, unwinding knots I hadn't realized were there and just... dissolving what was left of my headache like nothing at all.

Even Regulus seemed to close his eyes in something like quiet peace as he took it in.

"This feeling is... not all that bad." He mused, before looking up again and huffing wryly. "The sheep do takeaway from it, though."

Oh yeah.

The sheep.

At first glance, they were big - and I mean monstrously big relative to normal sheep. Several dozen of them were just milling around the tree, and each one was the size of a hippo and change.

They'd noticed us too, with our entrance being what it was.

A whole sea's worth of beady black eyes turned on us, and one of them trotted up, nostrils fanning out with breath as it pawed at the ground like a bull about to charge.

I knew what these things were supposed to be, vaguely, but I still crouched down, hefted up a palm-sized rock and tossed it overhead, just to make sure.

One second, the stone was moving towards the thing. Then it got too close, and the head honcho of wool moved. Its head darted up and its mouth unhinged like a python, revealing rows of serrated teeth that chomped down and through the thing like a cheese cracker.

The force of the bite was so intense it scattered pieces of rock and dirt everywhere, even pelting some of the rest of its buddies, who took that as their cue to form up and flash their own too-sharp and absolutely charming gnashers.

At us.

"Holy Mary and her little lamb." I whistled in surprise. "Murder sheep. That's a new one."

"BAAAHHHH!"

With that fearsome, guttural battle cry, the whole lot of them charged right at us. A wall of wild-eyed, bleating and fluffy missiles of doom, pounding the ground with their hooves and closing in on us, fast.

I almost laughed.

This quest, man.

I'd have gone for Serpent's Downfall and the barbecue option therein, but I didn't have to.

The moment the first of them got too close, the shadows at our feet darkened, and a howl sounded through, deep and bone-rattling.

If you weren't used to it, at least.

Then the patch surged out wide, heading for the stampeding horde.

The first sheep's charge buckled in shock and the beginnings of fear, but it didn't have time to do anything about it before Courage came flying out of the darkness, crimson eyes shining, and clamped his jaws down around his neck.

Crack

Fun Fact - Hellhounds grow quickly.

Ten months ago, Courage was barely bigger than a Labrador pup.

A couple of growth spurts later, and he stood almost as high as a grey wolf, with sleek black fur, a slightly sharper muzzle, and enough strength built up from all the little training courses he followed us along in that he was a menace all on his own.

"BAAAA-!"

SCHRRIPP

Still my little buddy and sweet as anything, but I doubt the sheep watching him snapping and then ripping off their friend's head with a single, savage jerk are going to agree with me there.

Shame, that.

Some of them tried to pull back, but the hellhound wasn't having it - He batted the disintegrating body of the first away, sending it into the crowd and scattering an easy dozen of them like bowling pins.

Then he jumped into the fray himself, claws flashing, and things got messy.

Horns were cleaved off. Skulls were shattered. Bellies were torn open, and blood and wool went flying everywhere.

By the time he was only a quarter of the way through, I almost felt bad for them.

Regulus didn't.

"The dog has the right idea." He almost sounded like he was admiring the massacre. His teeth gleamed with cat-like malice. "And I could use some lunch."

Without another word, he jumped ahead and joined in on the carnage.

The sheep didn't last long after that.

Yikes.

At least they'd leave behind some Spoils.

They were magical, and they had been exposed to the Fleece for who knows how long, which had to have some effect.

Sai wasn't focused on any of this, though, which didn't surprise me at all.

The moment Regulus went for the sheep, he went for the tree.

For the Fleece.

I followed.

In the end, pulling it off its branch was... almost anticlimactic.

No fuss, no muss, no golden sparks or relevant light show.

Sai reached it first, seized it with a hitched breath - because of the magic that was even more intense this close up, or maybe out of sheer anticipation - and pulled it right up into his arms.

"This is it." He whispered, watching the relic glow in his hands. "We did it."

I grinned.

"We kind of did, didn't we?"

In less than three days at that.

Quest objective successfully accomplished!

... Which, given our track record, should trigger some kind of natural consequence-

"OY!"

-And there it is.

"YOU!"

The roar echoed over the island, and then its owner appeared over the chasm past the bridge, and-

I stepped back.

"Okay, wow."

I'd known going in who this place belonged to - the famous cyclops that Odysseus dude ran into back when he was doing his whole thing after the Trojan War.

Polyphemus the Man-Eater.

Whatever it was I expected him to look like, it wasn't anything so... that.

The cyclops was wearing sheep and animal-skin wrappings over a brown-loincloth tied around his waist, and he was already enormous at something north of fifteen feet tall.

His arms and legs were nearly as tall as I was, and his frame so swollen that he looked like a grapefruit with big, angry limbs duct-taped on. His skin was almost human adjacent, with a sicklier tint to it, and his one eye was an enormous, acrid yellow orb in his head, narrowed in fury.

He made every other cyclops I'd met to date look downright puny in comparison.

"Intruders! Tresspassers! Thieves!"

I'm pretty sure his eyesight was supposed to be limited, but he locked onto us just fine - Me, the Fleece in Sairaorg's hands, and the...leftovers of all his pets.

"YOU KILLED MY SHEEPIES!"

"'Sheepies'?" I heard Regulus scoff incredulously. "You can't be serious."

He was.

I knew that, because he came at us at a dead run, bounding over the rope bridge with his arms flailing and a murderous bellow on his oversized lips.

"RAAAAGH!"

How the thing didn't collapse under weight, I don't know, but he made it across... and about five steps over.

Courage growled.

Regulus scoffed some more.

I even went for Serpent's Downfall.

But it was Sairaorg who raised his hand and scowled at the rampaging monster.

"I don't have time for you."

Polyphemus might not have heard the irritated words, but he sure as anything felt it when the ground rumbled out underneath him. The tide of abundant natural energy changed, and an entire forest's worth of roots and long-reaching vines erupted out of the ground and soil, bursting through growing cracks and surging up towards him.

The first wave wrapped around his ankles and heaved, jerking his legs out from under him. Then the next thirty shot over them, wrapping around his fleshy body, twisted his arms back until they snapped with terrible, choked off screams, and then they twirled around his neck.

I saw his eye widen with uncomprehending, slow-witted disbelief, before the force of his run toppled him face-first into the ground.

Wham.

He roared in pain and tried to shake them off, but they didn't stop growing. Even when he managed to lift his head out of the way and open his mouth, they took the chance to surge down his throat and grow in there, too.

Not too deep, and not enough to kill him, but enough to hurt like all hell.

In seconds, Polyphemus was cocooned in the stuff, trapping him and burrowing through his flesh. It shook with the force of his garbled screams.

Sairarog could have finished him off right then. One clench of his fist, and the cyclops would have been a goner.

But killing Polyphemus was the last thing we wanted to do.

His dad, Poseidon, had a track record of cursing mortals who messed with him… or not quite.

Technically, it only happened once, and arguably half of it was because Odysseus couldn't help but be a gloating idiot, but it was a risk we couldn't afford to take.

Luckily, we had a workaround.

"Dan."

"On it."

A flash of light, and I was holding a small vial filled with bubbling red liquid - another gift from Chiron, for exactly this purpose.

I lobbed it at the cocoon, and when it shattered against the trembling wood, blood-red rushed out into the air like a cloud of poisonous blood.

An alchemical dragon's blood potion - because Smaug was the gift that just kept on giving.

The miasma seeped and hovered in the air for a moment longer, before beginning to seep down through the cracks in the wood. The tremors gradually petered out until they stopped completely.

Then Sairaorg pointed down, and the now-silent thing began to sink into the dirt, the roots and soil sealing up behind it.

Before long, it was completely gone.

Cyclops, done and not dusted.

He'd stay there, asleep and entombed, incapable of calling out to Poseidon for help.

At worst, he'd wake up in a few days and claw his way back out again.

At best, he'd wake up and still be trapped, incapable of forcing his way out again. He was immortal, so even if he starved he wouldn't 'starve', and Poseidon could always let him loose if he cared so much.

All's well that ends well.

Now onto more important things.

I turned to Sai.

"Since when could you do that so quickly?"

Senjutsu was all about manipulating nature, but he usually favored touki and physical enhancement.

The more complicated stuff was a work in progress.

He shrugged.

"It's this island. It's loaded with natural energy."

From the Fleece, then.

I knew it was too vibrant by half, and odds are it'd slowly degrade down to something more natural over time, now that we were taking the thing away.

Good to know.

Also-

"Just letting you know now that if you use that move against me in one of our spars, I'm going for Incinerate Anthem."

"Heh. We ready to go?"

I'd have said yes - I could feel his tense excitement - but Courage suddenly came running up to me from wherever it is he'd quickly dipped off to, barking up a storm.

"Aarf!"

"What is it, buddy?"

"Aarf!"

He wanted us to follow him.

"Aarf!"

Scratch that - he really wanted us to follow him, with enough urgency there that it pickled uneasily with something at the back of my head.

Sai and I exchanged a look, before I shrugged.

Might as well.

"Fine, fine." He was darting off before I was done getting the words out. "But if it turns out you're just looking for more sheep to decimate, we're going to have a long, long talk about proportional violence, mister!"

...​

It wasn't the sheep, even though we found plenty more of the non-carnivorous kind, and goats for good measure.

In a way, I almost wish it was just that.

Polyphemus's lair was, predictably, a giant cavern that opened up from the base of one of his island's hills and stretched out in a maze's worth of smaller ones, reeking like barnyards and with the highlight of their internal decor being the skinned pelts hanging off every second turn and stalacites galore descending from above in sharp, uneven, and jagged formations.

We followed Courage down long-winding tunnels littered with old decaying bones scattered in between all kinds of junk - Trash. Plastic figurines. Broken-down furniture that belonged anywhere but here.

Polyphemus either really needed to have a yard sale, or else he was robbing them in his spare time.

We passed a hundred other insignificant bibs and bobs just like that until the tunnel curved steeply and we walked into a smaller, darker cavern, one that reeked of something nastier than sheep-stink and was barely lit by one small burning torch hanging off the rock-wall furthest to us.

Even without it, the four of us would have still been able to see the satyrs just fine.

"Oh..."

Three of them, bunched up together in a cage barely big enough for all of them to huddle in, the bars bronze and rusty in the firelight. They looked haggard and gaunt inside of it, covered in grime and old wounds, with one having a horn snapped off at the base and another with a leg twisted at an angle so wrong I nearly cringed just looking at it.

Dear Artemis.

At a guess, those two looked something around Gleeson's age, but the third was younger - a lot younger.

Not far off from us, actually.

He looked at us with glazed eyes, at first, like he was a million miles away.

Then they slowly cleared up, and he blinked.

Once.

Twice.

Three times.

I raised an awkward hand, more out of reflex than anything else.

"Hello-"

"Please!"

He was up against the bars so fast his head nearly bounced off of them, arms outstretched towards us and wailing at the top of his voice, and that stirred the other two.

I didn't hesitate - it was three steps to the bars, before I seized them in a vice grip and tore them off their hinges with a sechoing shriek of tortured metal and a shower of sparks.

The other two satyrs started yelling about then, just in time for the first one to collapse at my feet and sob with great, shuddering heaves that were going to stick with me for a long, long time.

Five minutes later, and the water works were still going strong - even when Sai came close with the Fleece and slowly healed their wounds with proximity alone.

If anything, the sight of it somehow made the satyrs sick, even as their skin started to glitter and their wounds closed up and shimmered away in real time.

"He had it." One of the older ones croaked. "Its nature magic is so powerful, it smells just like the great god Pan! We all came here, thinking we would find salvation... but it was only him waiting."

Searchers, then.

"There were more of us." The other one murmured, hollow-eyed and shattered. "He... all of them...one by one, until it was only us left. We were going to be next... soon, he said."

The youngest of them just kept crying.

Even without the context that I had, it wasn't hard to put two and two together.

I thought about all those bones lying forgotten - so many they seemed nearly endless, and no way were all of them animal bones.

The realization made me sick.

Sairaorg wasn't any better.

"Should have buried him deeper." He whispered furiously, before nodding at me meaningfully. "We should get them back to the ship."

"Way ahead of you."

The crew there would help their own, after we left.

Even Regulus didn't say a word as we led the satyrs out of the cave, and we didn't take anything else with us - I already had the wool from the sheep Courage had decimated, and I wanted nothing else from Polyphemus's hoard.

Nothing of value stood out, and I was more tempted to set the place on fire than go looking for another prize to take back with us.

Enough was enough - and if Sairaorg took a minute on our way out to force Polyphemus's prison that much further into the earth, nobody would ever hear it from any of the rest of us.

...​

Getting back to the Gale was the easy bit.

One charge spatial array, a crack of thunder, and we were landing on the deck

Immediately, my hackles went up.

All of ours were.

The ship wasn't moving.

Not in the sense that it hit a patch of calm waters, but that it had stopped moving entirely - absolutely stillness, from bow to prow.

It'd been grounded, somehow.

If I were a betting man, I'd say it was the mist... and the Mist - Both kinds were there, thick and cloying, to the point where everything I could see on the ship was shaded by it and everything around it was hidden away behind wall after endless wall of the stuff.

The crew was worse off - All of them were down, slumped against the railings or splayed out along the deck, eyes milky-white and mouths spitting out complete gibberish.

Every once in a while, one of them would twitch and jerk, but that was about it on that end.

"Oh, come on."

"Right?" Sairaorg mirrored my annoyance and clenched his fists impatiently. "What's doing this now?"

"That, little interloper," The voice was high and polished, and deliberately smarmy in a way that would grate on anybody's nerves at once. "Would be me."

The woman stepped out of the Mist on the other end of the ship - or solidified out of it, at least.

She had bronze-tanned skin and green eyes, with long dark hair braided with threads of gold, and a silky black dress woven through with models of stars and animals, shimmering and moving in real-time.

Just like the air surrounding us right now, she gave off the feel of sharp, focused magic, and something that much harder to place.

Besides her, a smaller, less glamorous figure stepped out - A girl half an inch or so taller than I was, decked out in bronze and leather polished armor, with a helm covering her head and her hand wrapped around the pommel of a sword hanging from her belt.

"So you're the cause of all the fuss, are you?" The woman gave me a smile that was one part ego and one two parts pure condescension. "Aside from the interloper, I don't see it."

"And I don't know who you are." I offered right back, tilting my head to the side. "So I guess we both have questions that need answering."

She laughed - it wasn't a nice laugh.

"Ah, heroes." Her smile was half a sneer this time. "Take note of that arrogant tone for the future, Hylla. It tends to get dreadfully repetitive with half-bloods of his kind."

The girl at her side said nothing, but the grip she had on her sword tightened.

"And as for you-" She gestured, and the Mist seemed to grow heavier and thicker, more tangible - like it was bracing for breath. "You will be coming with me."

Her eyes panned over all of us, Regulus and Sairaorg included.

"All of you."

Is that right?

I smiled, all nice and cheerful.

"Can I ask why?"

"To sate curiosities. My own-" Her sneer flattened out into a grimace. "And others before even that, annoying as that bargain will be to fulfill."

"And, hypothetically speaking, if we say no...?"

She laughed again, and spread her arms out theatrically.

"Little demigod, I am Circe."

...

...

...

Ah.

Should of seen that one coming, honestly.

Now we're two for two on Odysseus's greatest hits.

"Come again?" Regulus snapped somewhere behind me, with more feeling than I'd heard from him in days, but nobody turned back to that just yet.

"It has been some time since I've made an example of those who defy me." She continued monologuing like a Saturday morning cartoon villain. "I will get what I want one way or the other, but by all means..."

Her eyes gleamed through the layers of Mist.

"Give me a reason."

...

I clapped my hands together.

"Great."

Circe blinked, but I didn't stop.

Why would I?

"Isn't this just great, Sairaorg?"

"All I needed to hear."

She blinked again.

"W-?"

And then we were on her and her lackey.

Instantly.

No warning.

Her expression couldn't even flicker before I slammed my fist into it and felt her nose start to give away for a split-second before the impact sent her flying off the ship and into the Mist beyond.

"TALKING ISN'T A FREE ACTION!"

Her bodyguard - Hylla - managed to cry out and get her sword a quarter inch out of its sheath, before Sairaorg backhanded her into the Gale's mast so hard she nearly bounced right back into his fist before collapsing onto the deck and heaving for lost breath.

Good luck with that.

Regulus, of course, stood behind and watched in twitchy disbelief.

"No, seriously, what?"

I'd have stopped and asked what his deal was, but I wasn't stupid enough to lower my guard.

Circe was a goddess.

A local one, sure, and was cut from a different cloth than the ones I knew, but there's no way one measly punch would have ended things.

And sure enough, not a few beats later-

"YOU DARE?!"

The shriek tore at the air like a chainsaw with a score to settle, vicious and ugly and filled with malice that scraped away at the eardrums more than the sheer volume did.

It echoed in the Mist, over and over again until it was nearly unbearable.

"BRING THEM TO ME, WRETCH!"

....

A second of silence.

Then I felt it - something shifting far out to my side, suddenly just there where nothing had been before.

Something big.

Another twist of the Mist.

A third shriek went up, and this one was nothing like the other two.

SKREEEEEEEEEEE!

Agonized and frenzied.

Uneven and off-note in six different ways, all at once.

Utterly furious.

And heading right towards us.

SKREEEEEEEEEEE!




...​

All the while, through the Mist, another continued to watch.

...




Dan and Sai continuing to be absolute menaces:​

Spoiler




Everyone else:​

Spoiler



​

As always, leave your comments and ideas, and if you don't like it, please be courteous.
Last edited: Oct 27, 2025
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Ender Wiggen, Doc Sithicus and 1,012 others
Firewillreign
Oct 22, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks We Have Some Family Reunions
View content
Firewillreign
Firewillreign
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 26, 2023
Messages888
Likes received82,880
Oct 27, 2025
Add bookmark
#2,633
It was all a trick of perception and magic, but the figure - the thing - didn't so much emerge from mists beyond the ship as appear to form out of them, and calling it a living horror didn't do the monstrous shape justice.

SKREEEEEEEEE!

Its upper half was a collection of six scaled and violently swaying necks, surging out longer and thicker than the Gale's masts and whipping out in every which way like deranged, sentient pool noodles.

Each of them was capped with a serpentine head, almost draconic, but misshapen and with wavy, clumpy growths pulsing atop each one - like wet hair woven out of seaweed and human skin. Every one of those was horned, armored in skeletal bone plate and overgrown barnacles, and fitted out with a pair of sunken, rabid yellow eyes, slitted and filled with maddened malice.

Its lower body was somehow worse - The chest and underbelly were a chimeric nightmare, divided between twelve long-winding tentacles and a ring of braying dog heads, no two alike and all utterly enormous. They snarled and snapped at the air with sprays of acidic drool and a chorus of terrible howls, and patches of fur and scales around them parted in ragged rents with no rhyme or reason at all, revealing pits of flayed open muscle and hideous, bloated flesh.

The rest of its form trailed down into the beginnings of a spiked tail and more than half a dozen uneven legs pumping away beneath the surface of the frothing water, but I didn't need - or want - to see them to know what this thing was.

Who she was.

Scylla, the Bane of Sailors.

Another beastly child of Phorcys and Ceto, just like Cetus - or at least she was in one story, back home.

In Sairaorg's world, I mean.

If that had been the truth there, then the shriek she kept letting loose made me doubt that it carried over in this one, too.

SKREEEEEEEEE!

An orchestra of horrible sounds spilling out from all of her heads at once, canine and serpentine alike, filled with frenzied bloodlust, pain, and poisonous, grieving rage - and that was just the tip of the iceberg.

Something about the noise of it all immediately brought up one of the other versions of her myth I knew about - the one where she'd started off as a beautiful nymph before being cursed by Circe for the crime of winning the heart of the immortal fisherman, Glaucus, who the witch-goddess wanted for herself.

Only he didn't want her back, and Circe took it out on Scylla out of pure, unbridled spite.

Bring them to me, Wretch.

Even if I'd never heard of the rest of her old-school reputation, I'd known the woman for all of thirty seconds now and I still wouldn't have put it past her.

Then Scylla bellowed again and surged towards the Gale, kicking off a legitimate tidal wave as she flailed towards the ship, and I stopped thinking about the little details altogether.

"Sai!"

"Doing it!"

The flat of his palm snapped out at the air, and a wall of force erupted and met the wave before it had made it even halfway out to the ship. It broke like glass, but Scylla's tentacles were right behind it, shooting out of the scattering spray and heading right for us at speed, each with enough power behind it to snap the hull apart like a cheese cracker.

They didn't get any closer than that - Sairaorg threw both hands out and clenched his fists, and an invisible grip caved around them and constricted like a coiled python's grip. The writhing limbs exploded into gory chunks and the Bane of Sailors screamed, snake-like jaws unhinging to flash triple rows of jagged teeth, and the dog heads braying in furious pain.

Sai made to move again as the beast readied to attack, but I had to duck out of the way as a gleaming bronze blade suddenly swung over the spot where my head had just been.

The girl, Hylla - Circe's armored lackey - was standing behind me, sword in hand and glaring at me through the slits of her helm. Her frame shuddered against the violent rocking of the deck, if only barely.

I stared at her for a split second, unimpressed.

Honestly, I'd almost forgotten she was there to begin with.

"Taking potshots from the sidelines? Seriously?"

She yelled and darted forward, trying to swing for my neck, but I deflected the blow off my armguard and tore her sword out of her grip, sending it arcing off and over the ship's railing. She went for a small dagger at her belt immediately, but I grabbed her wrist and twisted well before she could jab at me with it, and then I kicked her in the side, hard.

Armor or no, the blow still drove the air out of her lungs for the second time in less than two minutes and sent her flying back against the mast Sairaorg had only just backhanded her into, the impact frame-rattling and leaving her slumping down its surface in a boneless, keening heap.

"Next time, wait your turn."

I turned away right in time for Scylla to fall into view - and I do mean fall.

The entire ghastly bulk of her toppled forward in a deliberate crushing surge, heads snarling and remaining tentacles curling inwards, looking to flatten the Gale and us with it, but Sai was already on it.

He gestured, and winds so powerful they parted waves before they even formed surged around her. Clouds of trapped water vapor swirled around the growing vortex, spinning faster and faster and compressing the gargantuan beast even as she bellowed. Sparks of not-lightning - crystallizing natural energy - began to rumble across the miniature hurricane.

"No!" Circe's voice screamed out over the mist and Scylla's budding shriek. "Stop that!"

"Sure I will," Sairaorg muttered, and then he swung his hand up.

The stormy prison rose with it, lifting Scylla's ridiculous form straight out of the water. The surviving tentacles tried to pry their way out, and the many heads snarled and spat globs of poison and howling screams at the funneling clouds, but the waters snuffed them out every time.

The power in the air grew and grew without end, hundreds of thousands of gallons of water and pressurized air compressing with every passing second.

Then Sai clenched his fist.

Instantly, the hurricane caved inwards, force and lightning and all.

Scylla...

She lasted a few seconds.

Even when the scything winds shredded flesh and scale, the pressure caved her myriad skulls to splinters, and the rest of her started looking like the world's most rancid fruit going through a blender - she still survived, long enough for a garbled, warped scream to billow over the carnage and shake the mist.

SKREEE-!

Then, like Cetus before her, she gave out.

Violently.

Pop.

The watery prison darkened under a wave of bursting black blood, internal sludge that was probably toxic enough to kill a whale with a single drop, and the beginnings of crumbling dust trapped in the middle of it all.

"No!" Circe howled again as Sairaorg let his hand drop, dispersing the storm and releasing the mess trapped inside. "She was mine!"

Neither of us turned to look for her, even as we kept our guards up.

Instead, we watched gold-bronze dust disperse in the distance over the side of the ship, and just before it finished doing just that, something strange happened.

For an instant - Just a fleeting, barely-there moment - the essence seemed to linger, resisting the whipping winds trying to scatter it every which way, and a ghostly figure appeared.

Human-like, pale and translucent, with long, wavy hair wreathed with streaks of sea foam and brilliantly clear eyes.

A sea nymph.

She stared at us for one infinitely long second, and then she smiled, widely and more gratefully than anything I'd seen in recent memory, tears wafting down her cheeks in endless streams.

Then she faded away, carried off by a sound like a sigh someone had held in for far too long and finally had a chance to let go, full of aching relief, and something small and bright and somehow not at all dangerous despite the chaos all around us came flying over our way on a final gust of wind.

Sairaorg's hand - coated in touki, naturally - lanced out and plucked it out of the air, right as Circe's furious scream shook the Gale right down to the individual timbers.

Frankly, the fact that none of the unconscious satyrs had been tossed off the deck from the tremors of it all was nothing short of a miracle - and believe me, I was keeping watch.

"'Fine then!" Her voice crackled with murderous rage, still thundering from everywhere and nowhere at all. "You think the wretch was the only one I had?"

Naturally, she wasn't bluffing.

We could both feel it - from far on out, further past the clouds of mist, something was beginning to draw closer.

Waves broke against sharp, grisly bones, their owners swimming in beneath the currents. Dorsal lines like the edges of serrated saw blades shimmered off to starboard. Little thuds and scrapes peppered against the hull, like something massive kept gliding in a little too close.

Scratch that - Many somethings.

"Monsters scent through the Mist, little pigs." Circe's voice crooned, sickly-sweet and all kinds of nauseating. The fog grew cold and sharp enough that icy hoarfrost was beginning to spread across the deck. "And I've just rung the dinnerbell."

She sure did - we could feel them closing in, like sharks slowly circling prey.

Only no shark was stupid enough to swim close and share legroom with the things in these waters.

"Well," Sai only sighed, straightening slightly and storing away whatever it was he'd had in his grip into his band. "That's not what you want."

"No." I glared out at the mist, fingers twitching at my sides. "It's not."

The witch goddess must have heard, because she laughed, long and hard.

"Surrender, little pigs. Beg for mercy, and perhaps when I'm finished, I won't wear whatever's left of you like a-"

And that was about he point where I stopped listening.

"Okay, no."

We had the Fleece.

We had a way home.

Indulging this psycho was literally pointless - time to pump the brakes on this ride.

"Sai, get back."

He didn't question it - one second he was there, and the next he was way off to the side, next to Regulus, who still looked like someone who'd just taken a sip of milk and realized it was three days past being labeled as an active war crime, but whatever.

Incinerate Anthem surged in my soul, and my hands blaze with purple fire, pushing back the biting cold and instantly melting the ice spreading across the planks beneath our feet.

"What?" Circe snapped. "What power is this!?"

I grinned.

"Let me show you."

Then I threw both hands forward and let the Longinus loose, just a little.

Fwoosh.

It was like having flamethrowers for palms - everywhere I gestured, Holy fire rushed out in torrents, igniting the Mists in real time. The leftover chill and the taste of divinity in the air recoiled with something almost akin to a scream. The purple firestorm still followed, rushing out and bringing the seawater beneath it to a raging boil.

Beneath that, the monsters I'd been sensing immediately hightailed it away, retreating deeper beneath the surface as fast as their fins and whatever other misshapen limbs they had could propel them.

Smart, that.

It only lasted a few seconds, but by the time I pulled back, the local temperature had jumped up twenty degrees and the dome of Mist blocking out the horizon had come apart at the seams, with only scattered puffs of the stuff melting away underneath the pressure of lingering Holy power.

"You-!"

And there was Circe, hovering well, well of the prow on a gust of spiraling wind, looking at me with a bug-eyed stare and her mouth flapping open and shut uselessly.

"How?"

I shrugged and raised my hands, still coated in my sacred gear's flames, and readied one other trick.

"I just rock like that. Or maybe you're not half as powerful as you think you are - food for thought."

For some reason, that seemed to make her snap.

With an incoherent howl of rage - and man did she like doing that, over and over again - she snapped a hand out over her head.

Maybe it was to try and prove some kind of point, but instead of Mist, it was her own fire that lit up on command - a great scorching pillar of the stuff, bright orange and just about reeking of divinity.

Right.

Circe, daughter of Helios - the second-generation titan who represented and managed the Greek aspect of the sun before my dad replaced him.

Neat.

It still didn't help her any.

Before she could lob it at me - and likely cleave the Gale in half, crew and all - I splayed out one palm and pulled back my other hand, like I was nocking air against an invisible bow.

Incinerate Anthem's flames followed my lead and shaped out to match, sparks pooling inwards and wrapping around a spine of pure light. At its tip, a crackling, fiery broadhead flattened into existence, and the oversized Holy arrow finished taking shape in less time than it took for me to breathe in.

Then I let it loose.

Circe's eyes started to widen, and her own pillar came down as a descending wave to burn it out, but she was too late.

The streak of deadly purple shot into the descending inferno, overtook and blasted most of it away, and then shot through it - smaller, but only marginally less deadly - and struck the witch just beneath the shoulder as she tried to throw herself out of the way.

And Circe-

"No!"

-wailed.

Her robes ignited.

Her skin vanished under a blaze of writhing purple.

Her limbs flailed under the scorching heat, and the force of her desperate convulsions somehow lifted her that much further up, like a burning scarecrow out in the distance.

And all this, over the span of a single heartbeat.

Not enough power to kill her - she was a goddess - but maybe-


"̴̳̇͑͗͝Ê̵̟̈́̈́̌n̷̺̠͙̦̣̈́̑̽̑̏o̶̗̜͓̲̺͋̐ͅù̴̱̭͙̀͑g̴̬̰̲̍͑h̶̞͍͚̖͓̾.̸̰̽̿̇͘͜͝"̴̲̭͓̖̤͍̉̏̏̎



​

My breath stalled.

Across the ship, so did Sai's.

A presence had just slapped down across the space surrounding us, and a figure stepped out of... nowhere at all, actually, appearing between one blink and the next.

She stood in the air under her own power, tall and deathly pale, with the blackest eyes I'd ever seen. Her hair was an off shade of platinum blonde tied back in a high knot, and her robes were white with silvery streaks and ornate symbols, almost like runes and alchemical patterns.

When she moved towards Circe, her form flickered - for a moment, there were two more figures overlayed on top of her.

A crone with ashen hair, and a girl with darker locks and bright green eyes

Three in One, and One who was Three.

That was all I needed to see to know who she was.

Hecate raised a hand, and the flames eating away at the screaming Circe buckled.

Mist poured forth out of thin air in droves, similar and yet different to what came before, closing around her and muffling the sounds of her wails and the hungry light of Incinerate Anthem's fire.

No...

It did more than just that.

The Holy Power was quashed underneath there, and when the greater goddess snapped her fingers, the flames were gone, and Circe with them, whisked away to who knows where, just like that.

Then my great-grandmother - blank-faced, nearly expressionless, with black eyes like endless pits and maybe the faintest, most minuscule trace of a frown pulling at her lips - turned, and looked right at me.

...

...

...

Oh, for the love of-

That's about as far as that mental train went.

Everything about her felt absurdly more dangerous than Circe -Just comparing the two was either a bad joke or a terrible insult.

Her attention alone felt like having knives poised to peel you open like a grape.

I̴ Ş̸͎̀ḙ̷̬́̈́e̴̘̔̌͜ Ỵ̷̖̉ǫ̸̘͆u̸̧̓

I didn't have time to question why she was here.

I didn't let myself stop and think about it, or even consider talking to her - for once.

Cards on the table?

My knee-jerk impulse was to throw everything I had into my sacred gear and blow everything in her general direction to kingdom come.

But it was the other Longinus onboard that beat me to it.

Regulus didn't do anything, technically.

He didn't say anything.

He just prowled up in front of me and looked the goddess dead in the eye.

No words. No threats.

Just sheer, unspoken challenge.

Hecate stared back, and her expression turned more disbelieving, uncomprehending, before it smoothed out again.

But only for a beat.

In the next, she snapped her fingers, and there was a shift of Mist to my side. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw the girl, Hylla, melting into it and disappearing just like her mistress had.

Hecate turned back to me, then, one final time.

Assessing.

Acknowledging.

Memorizing a puzzle piece that didn't fit right with anything she'd expected before.

Then her image flickered, and poof.

The mist dispersed, and just as quickly as she'd appeared, she was gone, and so was the force of her existence.

...

I didn't relax.

If anything, the vanishing act just made me tense up harder, even as the satyrs on the deck finally started to groan and stir.

A second, far more ominous goddess had just taken notice of us.

...

Even if she didn't come back - even if she wasn't still watching us right now - there could be more.

...

...

...

Yeah, hard pass.

We had the Fleece, and this quest was officially over.

"Sai?"

He was next to me in a flash.

"Time to go?"

"Yesterday."

Better safe than sorry - and Greek gods were especially good at making you feel all kinds of sorry.

On the flipside, we couldn't just tap out and leave the crew and the other satyrs we'd just rescued out in the middle of the Sea of Monsters - not after the day they'd just had.

So... I had a plan.

A bad one.

Objectively terrible, really, and stupid enough to give a brick conniptions, but I had zero intentions of sticking around to deal with the fallout, so here went nothing.

I crouched down and pressed both palms against the deck, and focused.

"What?"

That was Reed croaking, finally awake and getting helped up by Gleeson, and both of them stared at us through a haze of bleary eyes and unsteady footsteps.

"What happened? What're you doing?"

"Long story for another time, and I'm cutting your trip short. Sorry not sorry, captain." I looked over to Sai and Regulus "Get ready to move fast."

Then, for the first time since we'd left Chiron's, I let go of my divinity.

Heat pooled out of my gut and straight into my blood, and my muscles jumped to attention with renewed strength. My skin glowed in shades of warm gold, and deeper down sang with delight, because this was what I was all about - sunlight, brilliant and loud and free.

Incinerate Anthem was more powerful, maybe, but it couldn't compare to my fundamental nature.

I channelled more and more of it, letting the glow surge out past me, across Sai and Regulus and the crew, and through every plank and stretched rope and flapping sail until it swallowed the entirety of the Gale.

All of it.

Odds are you could have seen the little bright blip from outer space, but I didn't linger on that.

Couldn't - not now.

Move. Fast.

Instead, my mind went to the pier we'd set off from three days ago, give or take.

The Brooklyn Marine Terminal.

I saw it.

Locked onto it on my head.

Focused, again.

Then-

"Reach Of Sunlight!"

I teleported the entire ship away.

...​

We arrived with a burst of light and sound that probably set off the alarms of half the parked cars in Brooklyn. The Gale appeared in the water just beyond the pier and displaced so much of it with its sudden arrival that it kicked up a wave ten feet high.

The pier and a good chunk of the terminal beyond it were flooded. Stray crates were flung into the water, and a couple of satyrs standing too close definitely went for a swim they didn't see coming - the startled screams were a bit of a giveaway there.

Beyond the bare minimum, I wasn't really paying attention to any of that.

Moving something of the ship's size, plus the crew and the rest of us over hundreds and hundreds of miles hit like a sucker punch and a half.

Not enough to ground me, but it was no walk in the park, either.

And I still wasn't done.

My senses were going haywire, and my brain was roaring at the top of a current of raging adrenaline.

The skin at the back of my neck was prickling, and I could almost feel the moment when one god in particular sat right up and turned his attention on me, like a divine spotlight shining down from above.

He was looking at me right now.

I spared one look at Gleeson - just one, snapping my focus over to the wide-eyed satyr's gaze.

"Thanks for the help. Ciao!"

Then I just about tackled Sairaorg, reached out for Regulus, and cast us into the chaos between worlds.





"̴̲̓̎̓̀̋N̸͔̗̻̑͋͌o̵͍̩̭̰̦̚͠!̴̙͎̰̊͝"̷̢̮͔͓̯̚








...​

I didn't send us back to Chiron's.

As much of a no-brainer as that would have been, my mind was running on autopilot and I'd focused elsewhere just before we jumped.

The reason we went off on this quest to begin with.

That's why, when we popped back into existence and left behind the endless and the infinite, it was in another familiar place instead.

High-raised ceiling?

Check.

Gold and silver decor?

Double check.

Carpeted floors that probably cost several fortunes all on their own?

Three for three.

The grand, too-fancy-by-half half entry hall of Sairaorg's Castle.

Safe.

"That," I gasped, and nearly sank down to my knees, head on the verge of spinning like a top. "Was way too close."

And too much.

All of it had been.

Sairaorg half-laughed, half snorted, and sounded about as relieved about it as I was.

"You're telling me."

Regulus just stared at us both, flat as a cardboard cutout.

"I have questions."

"..."

"..."

Something about the way he said that...

""Pffft!""

It cracked us right the hell up, and we both started losing it.

That's pretty much how Anton Vapula found us when he came running in half a minute or so later, red-faced and with tears in our eyes.

Regulus looked mildly murderous on his end, but really, when didn't he?

"Lord Sairaorg!?" He looked from him to us and back again, and cleared his throat mildly. "Apologies, my lord. I was not expecting you or your... guests."

In case you can't tell, that's diplomatic speak for: 'Politically dangerous demigod and sentient killing machine of stupid proportions.'

"Don't worry about it, Anton." Sai grinned at the moon and tossed him a thumbs-up. "We weren't expecting us either."

Does anyone ever?

Questions for later.

Until then, though...

I looked up at my friend, and we both sobered up quickly.

Here goes.

Anton was still looking at us funny, but we didn't stop to talk to him.

We didn't even answer Regulus's obvious question, which, in hindsight, could have gotten messy if he'd chosen to push the issue and get mean about it.

"Rrrghr."

"My lord-?"

Instead, we just up and sprinted right past'em both, and towards the one place that mattered more than any other right then and there.

It'd been a little over a couple of months and Misla Bael's room hadn't changed any, besides the fresh flowers in the vase by the bed and a different floral scent in the air to match.

The woman herself remained exactly as she had been before, tucked in up to the neck under spotless covers and looking for all the world like the slightest noise could wake her up.

Maybe that's why we went so quiet around her as soon as we stepped into the room.

Even our steps were on low and measured, though Sairaorg's nearly froze once when he first laid eyes on her, and came close to it again when he held out his hands and summoned the Fleece out onto them with a shower of golden light.

This was it.

Slowly - and ever so carefully - he stepped right up and laid it down over her covers, letting the glow of it wash over her and slowly seep out everywhere.

Just like the satyrs we'd rescued from Polyphemus's cave, the first effects were instant.

Her skin coloured in, like sparks were running wild just beneath the surface. Vitality soaked in without pause, pulsing across her entire body and glittering in ways that were brilliant and too complicated to describe past that.

We both watched in frozen, silent hope as the Fleece worked its magic.

At some point, even Anton arrived and joined in, standing off to one end of the room and looking over like he couldn't believe what his eyes were telling him.

But...

A minute passed.

And then another.

And another.

And another.

Nothing changed.

Her eyes stayed closed.

Her breathing was nonexistent.

She didn't so much as stir.

That was it.

It wasn't working.

No.

No, no, no.

I was up front and pressing my hands against the Fleece in a flash, letting my fingers seep through the dense and springy wool.

"Healing Touch Of Asclepius."

My emergency-healing spell: The one that targeted grievous wounds first and worked down from there on demand.

Channeling it through the Fleece was...

It felt strange.

Off.

Like nothing, actually, but also not quite.

The Fleece's life-giving energy spewed out at my command, filtering back into me and everywhere all at once, but I vaguely got the sense that it just... didn't understand what to do with Sairaorg's mother.

As far as it was concerned, there was nothing to heal there.

Or maybe it was something else, and I was just reading it wrong.

Either way, I was having exactly none of that.

She's not okay, I thought furiously, pouring my own power right back into the thing even as it tried to heal me too. She's supposed to be awake. Now do your thing, or so help me Artemis, I'll shred you into twenty-four-carat confetti and make Dad-damned oven mitts out of you!

The Fleece grew brighter as I grit my teeth, and I refused to look anywhere but at it.

The last thing I needed to do was see the look in Sairaorg's eyes if this didn't-

No.

It would work.

After everything else, it had to.

With that in mind, I pressed on the Fleece further and tripled down on everything.

More power.

More light.

More shimming sparks in the air.

I lost myself in it, and I didn't register a single change, even as I kept going and going and going.

Not at first.

It wasn't until the Fleece abruptly dimmed and some kind of feedback recoiled at me that I finally moved, stepping back and away as the spell and my focus both shattered one after the other.

Only for a second, though.

When the Fleece stopped thrumming with power, we all held our breaths.

On the bed, nothing.

No movement. No change.

Nothing.

My stomach plummeted.

Then, all of a sudden, Sai's mother inhaled in a breath that was almost a soft gasp.

My heart nearly punched it's way out of my rib cage. Anton let out a strangled wheeze.

Sairaorg might as well have turned to stone, all the way through.

It started with a twitch.

A slight movement, here and there.

Then a full on stretch - but just before that, the most wonderful thing happened.

A pair of purple eyes fluttered, once and twice and a little more for good measure, before finally - at long, long last - blinking open.

With a quiet sigh, Misla Bael awoke.
...​

Extra:

Hecate.

The Three-Faced-One.

Torch Bearer, Star Walker, Keeper of the Paths, and so on and so forth did that list continue.

All were names and titles that belonged to her - that were of her - and each represented only one aspect of her myriad nature.

It was that goddess of many faces who intervened, whisking Circe away before the weight of her... heavy-handedness could damage her any further.

As it was, her current state was disastrous enough - and a comeuppance almost entirely of her own making.

The Witch of Aeaea had always been among the more temperamental of her children, and Hecate had advised her time and again to temper her cruelty and learn to stay her hand, but in the end, the Keeper of The Paths did not decide which one another was to walk.

Not entirely.

Guiding, influencing, and even tipping the scales by her own means and to her own ends - all of that she could do, in theory, but such actions did not so easily come without equivalent cost, and there were limits to her willingness to interfere.

Those did not apply here.

It was her will that had Circe act, and therefore she was well within her own rights to step in and deliver her away from further harm.

That power that burned her...

She recognized it, even as she snuffed it out.

Wrathful

Divine.

Foreign, and yet not unknown to her.

How... dangerous.

With barely a moment's consideration, she took her daughter's mortal servant as well - the daughter of Bellona.

Interacting even indirectly with the Roman demigod did nothing to inconvenience her - she was no Olympian or lesser deity to be harmed by the consequences of that harebrained, arrogant scheme concocted at the dawn of Roman expansion, to disastrous effect.

The fools had overreached and continued to pay the price to this day with the pantheonic schism that followed, but she was above such a banal thing.

Hecate or Trivia… the two aspects stood apart, and yet remained one and the same, and both acted to send the girl away, back to her sister on Circe's island.

In doing so, the goddess knew she was willingly playing into the machinations of Fate, as her domains ever and always did.

That island was no longer a 'safe haven'- Her daughter's foolishness had stirred up the slumbering beasts of the deep and more besides, and without her there to protect it, it would soon be overrun by monsters far beyond her servants' abilities to repel.

The daughters of War would flee with her blessing to even their odds, and greatness and strife would be their companions in equal measure.

To what end, only time would truly tell.

With that settled, Hecate turned her attention back to the greatest disruption yet.

The Greek demigod.

She knew this one.

Daniel Winchester.

One of her mortal legacies, and one she had personally blessed at birth as a reward for his mother's earning of her favor.

She saw him, once he passed the Symplegades and their boundary of thick, powerful Mist.

A brief flicker in her awareness that had drawn and become a far greater degree of direct attention when he battled the Beast of Andromeda and emerged victorious, with a spectacle far beyond what most could have possibly expected at first glance.

That was why she had driven Circe into action - to study the anomaly that defied her expectations, because Daniel Winchester… was supposed to be dead.

Completely and irrevocably.

She had foreseen it, once, and idly accepted it for the likely possibility that it was - another demigod pecked off monsters of no great import, a consequence of one too many poor choices aligning and snuffing out a spark of potential before it could truly be realized.

A shame and a waste, considering the talent that bloodline had recently spawned, but her priorities lay elsewhere.

His fate had been all but sealed.

And yet…

It hadn't come to pass.

Instead, the boy had disappeared.

She knew, because his father had approached her on the matter, demanding answers.

She had none to give, and had played no part in it.

Daniel Winchester had vanished, and yet…

There he was.

She watched him invade the lair of the man-eater and seize the Fleece with the interloper and the absurd creature that was of their roots and also not.

She witnessed his battle with Circe - if it could even be called that - and observed him calling upon that power, from a source so deep within his very soul all but a few would not fathom it to be anything other than a claim.

There was more there as well - something familiar but far fainter and less potent, akin to the blessing of the Moon Huntress?

Absurd.

She kept watch all the same, even as he seized the entire ship with a thaumaturgical application beyond any equivalent demigod she was currently aware of and transported it back and away from whence they came, and then-


"̴̲̓̎̓̀̋N̸͔̗̻̑͋͌o̵͍̩̭̰̦̚͠!̴̙͎̰̊͝"̷̢̮͔͓̯̚​


-He slipped out of her sight entirely, and his companions with him.

That disarmed Hecate more than anything else.

She tried to peer further, past Apollo's predictable, furious descent in response, but there was nothing there to see.

Between one moment and the next, the boy had simply done as he had before and disappeared.

Gone.

Taken.

Hidden from their sight.

…

…

…

Whatever this meant... It was an ill omen.

Perhaps the worst amongst many.

The portents were laid out for those willing to see, and the pieces were set in place, ready to scatter at the lightest touch.

Plots were coming to fruition. Old forces stirred, and down in the Pit, the Crooked One was set to make his move at last.

Soon, now.

A year at most, if even that.

And now this.

The Three-Faced one saw all of this, and grimly pondered the obvious - and inevitable - question.

What fresh chaos was this era hurtling towards now?




...​

Hylla, trying to take on Dan Solo:

Spoiler: Spoiler

Hecate watching everything go down like an episode of a drama flick:

Spoiler: Spoiler

Apollo trying to pin his son down and failing every time:

Spoiler: Spoiler

As always, leave your comments and ideas, and if you don't like it, please be courteous.
Last edited: Nov 10, 2025
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Ender Wiggen, Doc Sithicus and 1,068 others
Firewillreign
Oct 27, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks I Hear A Couple Of Stories, With Lots Of Murder Involved
View content
Firewillreign
Firewillreign
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 26, 2023
Messages888
Likes received82,880
Nov 10, 2025
Add bookmark
#3,637
Been waiting to write this particular chapter for a long time.

Also this: THIS


I pulled the Fleece off and away right as Misla Bael began to sit up.

She did it quietly, too.

Gradually.

The covers fell off her and slowly pooled around her waist as she did, and her eyes panned across the room, bleary and unfocused, but rapidly regaining clarity.

"Anton?"

"...My lady."

The butler's expression was almost calm, but it was the kind of calm that frayed at the edges with every passing second, and his voice was rough - brittle, really, and right on the verge of cracking with emotion.

"Welcome back."

"Back? What-?" She suddenly paused and frowned. Her dark hair shifted as she tilted her head to one side. "Ah. The disease. I... should not be-"

That's when she finally turned to our end of the room, caught sight of Sai, and the words died right in her throat.

Just gone.

...

...

...

"Sairaorg?"

Sai ducked his head, looking down at the carpeted floor.

That didn't stop Misla.

If anything, it just made her breath seize all the more sharply.

I don't think she even really saw me standing next to him, beyond the slightest peripheral glimpse and maybe the smallest, most bare-minimum awareness of my literal existence I'd felt to date.

She went to throw the covers off, but Sai was already there, stepping right up to her bedside before she could set so much as a foot off of its edge.

He didn't look up though.

Not even as his fingers spasmed at his sides, and his shoulders started trembling lightly - just enough for the motion to be worth noticing.

It got worse when Misla reached out and gently wrapped her hand around his wrist.

She didn't tug - her hold was feather light - but Sairaorg still dropped down to his knees in front of her.

"Sairaorg?" Misla whispered, and her voice was so soft and full of tenderness that it almost viscerally hurt to listen to. "My little Sai?"

Scratch that - there was no almost about it.

Sairaorg's breath hitched as her hand moved up, cupping his cheek and slowly tilting his head up to face her.

I couldn't see them from where I was standing, but I didn't have to look to know that his eyes weren't dry anymore.

Not by a long shot.

"...Hello, mother. I missed you."

Five words.

Simple, sure, and to someone looking from the outside in, they might have seemed.... almost flimy.

A huge, ridiculous understatement, considering the moment and what it meant, but it wasn't like that at all.

Take it from someone who was standing right there - those five words?

Right then and there, they had more weight to them than the endless heavens Atlas was burdened with carrying and then some.

For her part, Misla Bael only had eyes for her son.

She kept staring, long and hard, even as her free hand stretched out to wipe the tears out from under his eyes and cradle his face between her palms.

Somehow, when she spoke up again, her voice managed to soften that much more.

"It's been some time, hasn't it?"

Sai laughed - or tried to, at least.

The sound was a little too fragile and wet to count, but no one was keeping score there.

"Two years too many. Even more. It's been a while, mom."

"...I see."

Finally, she blinked, and I could see the beginnings of a shimmer in her own eyes to match his. Her lips pulled up into a smile next, small and heartfelt, and then her whole expression was suddenly so full of warmth and sheer love that I had to swallow and look away.

I just had to.

"Then I'm sorry I kept you waiting."

That was it.

The straw that broke the camel's back.

One second, the two of them were apart.

Then Misla said the words, and suddenly their arms were around one another in a blur, both of them holding on for dear life, and nothing of what came next was mine - or anybody else's - to see.

I was out of the room so fast you'd think I'd light-stepped away, and Anton was hot on my heels, shutting the polished double doors behind him right as the sobbing started in earnest.

The silence that followed?

Awkward didn't cover it.

Anton tried to meet my eye, probably winding up to ask a whole bunch of questions all at once, but I turned away from him too before he could take the chance.

There was too much there for me to go over on my own, and honestly, with the day I've just had, I didn't feel like playing more trippy word games to avoid dropping secrets I didn't have to explain to begin with.

Or maybe that wasn't it.

Maybe I just didn't want him to see the look that might have been flickering across my face right about then.

There was this pressure, you see, crawling up the inside of my ribcage and doing its level best to clog up my throat.

Emotion - sharp, barbed, too hot and too cold by half, and all around ugly by anyone's standards.

I was self-aware enough to recognize it for what it was, and all things considered?

It made me feel like absolute scum, and I hated it.

I hated it.

"Anton?"

Must've leaked into my voice, too, because he answered instantly - and with just a little touch of wary attention.

"Yes, Mr. Winchester?"

"Can you whip up a teleportation circle for me?" He hesitated, and I pointedly doubled down. "Right now, please?"

In theory, I didn't need one to get from place to place, but moving in and out of the Netherworld wasn't nearly as straightforward as it may have sounded on paper.

Cross-dimensional travel never was.

I could sidestep the nitpicky details by jumping between worlds and re-entering this one wherever it was I wanted to go, but that took focus, and with my head being where it was right now, odds are it'd end in disaster - and I'd had enough of that noise as it is.

Anton looked at me carefully, taking in my request with something complicated flashing across his face, before eventually nodding lightly.

"… Of course."

That's about the answer I expected.

He could have argued or stalled on the point, maybe, but why would he?

Concern, aside, I was only a guest - barely half a step above being a total stranger, really.

I wasn't Sairaorg, and we both knew - in the nicest, least windbaggy way possible - that past a certain line of politeness, he had no business telling me what I can and can't do.

Just the way the cards were laid out, in the end.

"Might I ask where to?"

Chiron's, I almost said, but the thought died on my lips before I could voice it aloud.

My family was there, and so was my teacher, and they were all waiting for us to get back, but…

…

I didn't want to see them.

Not right now, that is - not when I felt like this.

Chiron alone would see right through me in a blink, and so would the rest of them sooner or later, and I just… couldn't deal with that right now.

I couldn't stay here, either.

Not a chance - I wasn't needed, and I wouldn't be able to stand it anyway, so if not here or there…

…

Got it.

I rattled off the first place that came to mind, Anton nodded, and that was that.

...​

Five minutes later, the spell circle shimmered into existence topside and spat me out back into the familiar green range of Mount Eyrmanthus, high on a wide ledge just a little ways away from the spot where we'd first met Regulus and went at it with the Wizards of Oz.

The view hadn't changed, not that I expected it to - mountain peaks in the distance, green grass underfoot, and cypress and birch trees everywhere around me and down in the valley below - but it wasn't as if it was anything to write home about, either.

I hadn't focused all that much on it then, what with the living longinus and the homicidal maniacs running around, and right now, I couldn't care less about it if I tried.

Crunch.

Something heavy moved behind me, and I glanced over my shoulder to see one of the local Erythmanian boars trotting out of the treeline behind me.

The thing was the size of a small van, with coarse brown fur so wild it looked like someone had crossbred a porcupine with an angry shag carpet and lost it when it chewed through bars of its cage and hightailed it into the wild, and its tusks were bleached white and longer than my arms - about bog standard, basically.

For bonus points, its eyes were that classic shade of menacing crimson, and it used them to stare right at me as it pawed and tore at the ground, snorting gruffly and belching out hot air like a pressure cooker venting steam.

Classic.

It pressed one hoof forward, lowering its head and gearing up to charge-

"Scram."

-before immediately freezing in place as I glared, letting my pupils flare up with gold and purple-tinged murder.

It let out a half-terrified, half-confused grunt of a snuffle that sounded like a lawnmower trying to start underwater. For about three seconds, you could almost see its brain buffering as its survival instincts tried to kick in.

Then I let my fingers twitch dangerously and it squealed, spinning right around and crashing back through the woods like its tail was on fire.

I watched it go, flattening trees like toothpicks as it hightailed it away, and an angry grimace pulled its way across my face.

Not about the boar.

These days, that not-so-little piggy was about as threatening to me as a wet poodle, and that was very generous.

No, it was the feeling prickling away under my skin - It hadn't gotten better with distance.

If anything, it just got worse: sharper and more bitter.

I gritted my teeth.

My mind kept straying back to that exact moment where Sairaorg got to hug his mom again, and whenever I tried to think about anything else, I could suddenly see her, clear as day.

Not just any day, either.

That day.

Nearly seven years since, and I still remember it with perfect clarity, like the details had been branded into my memory with a red-hot iron.

Bits of them, anyway.

It was only a few weeks past my eighth birthday, and I was in third grade - boring, simple, and almost hilariously mortal in hindsight.

You know what they say about hindsight.

Still, my mom came to pull me out way early that day, which was awesome all on its own, and the second we got home, she slid on her combat boots and started packing me an overnight bag.

"C'mon, kiddo. We're going to your uncle's."

"No!"

Yeah, I remember not wanting to - back then, driving out to Maple and Uncle David's place was the lamest thing in the universe for me.

Can you blame me?

Katie was just a toddler. Alex wasn't even a thing yet, and for all that Aunt Sarah was pretty cool, I think even little-me picked up on the fact that things between my mom and my uncle's could get... tense.

I didn't know why, back then - just that everything was tense and stiff and it was all a total drag.

Still, Mom managed to bribe me with cheese sticks and fruit punch - don't knock it until you've tried it - and we pulled up at their driveway a few hours later.

She didn't stay too long after that.

She handed me off to my aunt and uncle, stuck around for a bout a half-hour more, and then she headed out.

I remember that part most of all, because I didn't want her to go and I nearly lost it when she wouldn't take me with her, complete with a mini-tantrum and everything.

I begged her to stay, and when I couldn't swing that, I tried to make her promise to be back before lights out.

I was outgrowing bedtime stories by then, but I wouldn't have minded one more.

Just that once.

"Sorry, little sunbeam." She laughed as she knelt down in front of me, messing up my hair - almost the same shade as hers, but not quite - before pulling me into a hug. "Might be busy for a while, but I'll be back before you know it, promise, and I'll call you first thing in the morning - or as soon as I get a minute to myself. You can tell me what souvenir you want over the phone."

"...Really?"

"I promised, didn't I?"

I nodded and burrowed into her leather jacket a little more, the one that always smelled like salty woodsmoke and fresh dirt, and gave her the biggest hug of my life, just like I always did.

It wasn't enough.

If I'd known that was the last time I'd be able to hug her, I never would have let go - because I did, and that was it.

I let go, and she left.

She never came back.

...

She. Never. Came. Back.

Just gone.

...

I never did get that call.

Somehow, it was that stray thought that did it.

The anger inside of me turned jagged and went supernova back-to-back, tearing out outwards with a screaming howl as I whirled on the spot and swung my arm out and down at the valley below.

What followed next wasn't just fire - that was too small a word for it.

Half Holy, half Divine, and thick and heavy like a solar flare scooped up in hand and launched right as it burned at its brightest.

Even before the impact, the grass caught fire and the leaves turned to ash. The tree barks splintered and the sap inside of them boiled like super-heated tar, but only for an instant. When the blaze hit, they vanished entirely, disintegrated into the growing bubble of scorching heat and scattered by the split-second shockwave that followed, blasting out with so much force it dispersed the few stray clouds above and blotted out the rest of the world with sheer light.

I may have thrown another one after that.

And another.

And another.

The flaming bursts should have spread out further and swallowed more of the wild greenery, but the force of my rage kept them focused on one spot and flaring twice as brightly for it.

Over, and over, and over again.

By the time I was done, the valley was a scorched eyesore of a crater, four times deeper than before. The floor inside of it glowed and pulsed in molten orange, and multicoloured flames steadily burned away at the rims, crackling and straining like they wanted out.

I got the feeling - I wanted out too.

Of what?

Hard to tell.

My throat was hoarse, my breaths were getting shorter and sharper, and my skin felt three sizes too small for the rest of me. Power coiled through my veins, more than I knew what to do with, and right then it was all absolutely worthless.

As far as headspaces went, mine was hurtling down to the lowest of rock bottoms with no parachute and an anvil tied chained to its ankles.

Naturally, I followed my knee-jerk impulses and made it worse.

The dagger.

The one Gleeson had given me back on the ship - Her dagger.

I don't even know how it got into my hand, or what the thought process behind me fishing it out was supposed to be, really, but there it was: hilt snug in my grip, small and almost deliberately unassuming.

Even now, it wasn't anything special to look at.

Old and firm leather, with a scabbard that was scuffed all over and pockmarked with little scratches - it'd seen a lot of use.

That wasn't surprising.

What was it the Graeae said again?

'Yes, we do remember your mother, little demigod. A legacy of the goddess of the Crossroads… bold as brass and twice as fearless.'

Minutes passed, and I kept turning the dagger over in my grip even as the words followed suit in my head, ringing all the while.

Eventually, when I couldn't take it anymore, I drew it out.

Shhhk

Razor-edged celestial bronze slid out smoothly, clean and sharp and narrow to the tip, sunlight immediately bouncing off of it and making it seem like the thing was bleeding copper-gold hues into the air.

Past that, it was as basic and bare-bones as expected.

Magical, yes, and probably handy to have in a bind just from the looks of it, but it wasn't a tool or an artifact worth serious attention.

Nothing remotely close to the quality of my armour or my spear, that's for sure.

But still...

I couldn't look away from it, and the longer I did - the more I thought about everything it represented - the harder I gritted my teeth.

I was almost seeing red, and it had nothing to do with magic or fire.

I'll be back before you know it.

The temperature around me started inching up again, and the grip I had on the hilt tightened until my knuckles popped, stark-white with pressure.

I promised, didn't I?

My patience snapped like a twig and I snarled, spinning back again and hurling it away so savagely it would have punched clean through the nearest birch tree and blitzed off past it until it bled off the power of the swing, however long that took.

That didn't happen.

Instead, it shrieked through the space in between them for two and a half dozen feet before the air abruptly shifted, and the next thing I knew, a hand was plucking it straight out of its path with ridiculous ease.

A familiar figure was suddenly standing there, idly holding the dagger with two fingers braced against the flat of its blade, and I could only rear back and stare.

"Dad?"

Apollon smiled easily, the warm breeze shifting the lapels of his suit. He even shook the dagger in a little wave.

"Son. How've you been?"

What?

I nearly blue-screened on the double, and for just that one little second, I almost forgot about everything else bouncing around in my head.

How couldn't I?

"What are you doing here?"

If he was put off by the question, he didn't show it.

Heck, his smile didn't dim a single watt.

"I came to see you, of course. I could do nothing less after your friend prayed to me."

"..."

"..."

At first, the words didn't quite compute.

My what did what now?

Then it hit me, and my jaw dropped.

"Sairaorg?"

"Who else?" Apollon raised a brow. "Unless you have another companion of the devllish variety I don't know about?"

"...But that's... he's a devil."

They don't do that.

Praying, I mean.

Which sounds all kinds of obvious at first, but there's a lot of weirdness to it behind the scenes.

Heaven's System and their roots as the original Lucifer's creations made praying to the Abrahamic God downright impossible, and for all that they technically, under certain circumstances, could reach out to other deities just the same as anybody else, they were still devils.

Literally, conceptually damned.

They weren't specifically wired against the act, but they weren't that far off, either.

And still, Apollon only shrugged in the face of my stunned disbelief.

"Believe me, I'm aware, but that's not necessarily a disqualifying criterion." He paused and tilted his head to one side, before shrugging again. "Well. Not this time, at least."

He raised a finger, and suddenly I could hear words echoing over the breeze and against the inside of my eardrums, almost whisper-like but crystal clear despite it.

'Lord Apollon?'

Sai's voice was unmistakable.

'This is Sairaorg Bael, sir. Dan's friend?'

...Oh.

'I think Dan might need to see you, if you can spare the time.'

You've got to be kidding me.

'It's important, and even though it's not life or death and it's not my place to demand anything of your... divine eminence, sir, I think he needs your help. Please.'

...

...

...

"He actually..." I whispered, dazed as the words petered out and vanished into nothingness. "He did that."

A part of me even understood why.

He must've known - of course he did.

Besides Chiron, nobody knew me like Sairaorg did.

Even if he hadn't at first, no matter how hard I would tried to hide it, he would've eventually figured out what I'd be feeling.

What I was feeling, even now.

Then he did what we always did - followed his gut - and here we are.

...

My dad was standing right there, and it only took me about two seconds to come up with a perfectly reasonable response to all of this.

"...I'm going to kill him." I nodded mechanically, because it sounded even better out loud than it did in my head. "I'm actually going to kill him. They'll never find the body."

Who needs a best friend anyway?

Apollon just laughed.

"While I'd ordinarily applaud any effort that goes towards culling the numbers of that particular Abrahamic species, I believe that one has earned himself a pass."

He stepped in closer to me, gesturing, and the ledge beneath our feet groaned and trembled with the sound of grinding rock. In no time at all, an entire shelf of it rose straight up with a low spray of pulverized stone, before quickly flattening out into a make-shift bench.

"There we are."

The god circled around it and sat down without so much as a hitch in his stride, before briefly glancing out over the ledge and into the still-smoking crater I'd gouged into existence down there.

I resisted to the urge to shift awkwardly as he did, and eventually, he glanced over at me with a wry, sort of bemused look.

"Something you'd like to talk about?"

"..."

This was really happening, wasn't it?

"Well?"

"No."

Then I winced - too rough.

Dad or no, he was still Phoebus Apollon.

"Sorry. I mean-"

"You don't have to apologise." He chided gently, cutting me off. "You don't even have to explain yourself, if you do not wish to. That said..."

He reached out and patted the bench beside him, and the invitation was obvious.

"Come. Sit with me. Let's have us a talk."

Despite the residual wariness, I didn't argue the point.

Really, at that point, I didn't have it in me to do anything other than step up and gingerly ease myself down a foot away from him.

Seemed like a safe distance in principle if nothing else.

Apollon didn't look at me as I did, and he didn't wait more than a beat to break the silence between us.

And not the way I expected him to, either.

"Your friend," He started conversationally. "I acknowledge his value to you, but do you know why I so detest the rest of his kind?"

When I didn't answer immediately, he nodded at me leadingly.

"Go on. It's not a trick question. Why do you think I loathe the devils of the Netherworld to the extent that I do?"

"...Beyond the obvious?"

Devil kind was an ugly mess. Sairaorg was a huge outlier.

In other breaking news, the sky is blue and water is wet.

More at eleven.

Apollon only snorted humorlessly.

"Yes. Beyond the rampant arrogance, systemic malice and unsightly hedonism that the bloated, self-deluding maggots in power among them are so convinced they can forever pass off as culture and nobility."

Woah.

Talk about vitriol.

"I don't know." I hesitated. "But I'm open to listening?"

It beat dealing with my own baggage at least, not that that was a hard bar to pass.

"Then we'll get to it in a moment. Let me ask you another question before that." He turned to look me in the eye. "Have you ever heard the story of Salmoneus the Impious?"

I blinked..

"I think... the name's not unfamiliar?"

It niggled at something near the back of my head - a story from one of Chiron's many lectures.

"Then let me refresh your memory. Long ago, Salmoneus was one of the seven princes of Thessaly, a son of Aeolus of Aeolia, who was in turn a son of Deucalion, who survived the Great Flood - one of them, at least."

One of them?

"In time, Salmoneus's father divided the lands of Thessaly between his seven sons, and each of them either set out or was eventually sent out to establish their own kingdoms and sire their own lines." He continued, getting into the swing of the story now. "Salmoneus, slothful and uninspired though he was, took his handful of settlers south and eventually came to found the lesser kingdom of Salmonea, so named after himself - and by himself as well."

"Real humble." I muttered, and Apollon's lips quirked up.

"Quite. He further proved his lack of any true virtue by playing the role of the ever-unappeasable tyrant. He terrorised his people as a king whose greed and lust for life's baser pleasures had no end, and when that glamorous lifestyle lost its thrill, he chose to do something altogether more... ambitious."

Even if I didn't remember the story in its entirety, it wasn't hard to see where this was going.

"By ambitious, you mean stupid, right?"

"Correct again. You see, the King of Salmonea had long been envious of the respect and admiration his people gave to the gods - raising our temples, offering forth the choiciest sacrifices, and heaping upon us all due veneration with the greatest haste - and he chose to act on that jealousy by declaring to all and sundry that he was no longer a mere mortal king - instead, he was Zeus himself, descended into mortal flesh to rule the masses as only the unsurpassed King Of The Gods could."

...

"He really-"

"Yes."

"But that's-"

"Indeed."

"...Holy crap."

"Absolutely."

That's not even a death wish anymore - it was a signed and stamped declaration begging for a fate far worse than an early grave.

"Eventually - inevitably - my father came to learn of this upstart mortal insect defiling the sanctity of his worship. An offence almost beyond reckoning, though one came all the same."

"Was it a lightning bolt?"

Rhetorical question - it was totally a lightning bolt.

"To begin with," Apollon confirmed easily. "My father smote the wretch and made a spectacle of it in full view of much of the city's populace, on a day the mortal had designated for his personal worship - but the judgement did not end there."

His voice got a little heavier, a touch darker, and a weight started making itself known in my stomach.

Call it a reflex.

"You see, my son, your grandfather's wrath was not so easily appeased. The death of one mortal would not suffice, for in the end, the people of Salmonea had worshipped their king. Whether out of ignorance or fear... the reasoning and the distinction therein didn't matter. The insult of it all stood above all context, and Zeus Olympios would not suffer such a thing to remain unpunished."

My dad smiled again, and this time, there was no warmth to the expression at all.

"And so he didn't, and he laid waste to everything."

The words were icy, but the inside of my mouth and throat felt drier than half-burned sandpaper in response.

Funny, right?

"The heavens raged. The skies split open. Divine wrath struck down from above, and when the dust settled, and the screaming stopped, not a single trace of Salmonea or the greater bulk of its people remained intact. An entire region reduced to blackened earth and abandoned for an entire generation, because my father wanted to prove a point. To send a message - cross him at your own peril."

"...Seems a little on the nose." And so overkill it went past monstrous and straight to ludicrous. "Hard to miss the lesson there after all that."

Apollon scoffed and waved a hand.

"You'd be surprised, but that's hardly the point. I'm telling you this to give you a touch of context to the way these things work - or worked, depending on who you ask. Now that you have it, let's get back to that first question again, shall we?" He turned his attention back to me, sharper and more intense. "Why do I so fiercely despise the Abrahamic devil faction?"

That was a rhetorical question too.

He raised a hand again, and ephemeral, almost ghostly light shimmered off his fingertips and caused the shadows at our feet to lengthen, before they began to break free and dance into new shapes - like a puppet show in real time.

"Some few hundreds of years ago, Ajuka Beelzebub created his infamous Evil Pieces."

The darkness seeped up into the air like spilling ink and shaped out into an elaborate chessboard, complete with twin sets of pieces on either end that throbbed with little flickers of phantom brilliance that were silently, eerily menacing than they had any right to be.

The pawns alone were unnerving, but the rows of major pieces backing them were that much worse - they had a presence to them, almost, and it didn't quite pull back as the story went on.

"To the surprise of only fools, the devils took the opportunity they'd been given for all it was worth, setting out into the world to claim whatever and whomever they desired and could sink their claws into by hook or by crook."

The chessboard collapsed, and miniature bat-winged figures poured out of the wafting shadows in a tide, spreading out in every which way.

"At first, we of Olympus were content to keep an eye out on this latest infernal poison sweeping across the board, but with a modicum of restraint. We acknowledged the unnatural, disruptive severity of the matter for what it was, laid down our rules, but stayed our hands in a modicum of calculated restraint. We permitted other pantheons their more elaborate retaliations for the oversteps that followed-"

New figures appeared, too many and too varied to keep track of all at once, sweeping away the waves of incoming devils and casting them back into the darkness below with hails of weapons and surges of scattering force.

"-and we remained watchful, but ultimately unhurried in our response."

The shadows collapsed back into a shallow pool - only for a moment - and Apollon turned to look at me again.

When he did, the expression on his face was grave and stony, like age-weathered marble.

"That was a mistake."

This time, a bigger, more elaborate shape rose up on command - a great big hill crowned with a wide-open pavilion, encircled with pillars so tall they would have been scraping the sky on the real thing.

Inside, I could see a few human-like figures drifting around the place, and slowly, a handful of devils stepped out from beyond the pillars and began to draw closer.

"To most any supernatural race in existence, demigods were and remain rare, ephemeral breed. Divinity diluted within mortal constraints, but even tarnished gold is gold all the same. To a devil, there could be few greater prizes than a symbol of divinity so completely seduced - corrupted - and reduced to a mere servant for all to see."

As the shadow devils stepped in, the human figures reached out and joined hands with them, arm in arm.

"At the time, there were only a handful of Olympian children alive, and a few more of various other deities across our pantheon at play." Apollon's expression kept darkening until it was nearly a mirror to the shadows he puppeted with will alone. "But even those few numbers were enough to invite the gutter trash into our domain like vultures to dead flesh. Enough to have them creeping in and whispering temptations and promises of false glory to a handful desperate enough to stand out and take the bait. Not many at all, but enough."

The devils and the humans - demigods, obviously - changed.

Wings erupted from their backs, and they mingled with the original devils until it was impossible to tell one from the other.... and then more humans began to pour into the pavilion in droves, surrounding the original crowd.

"The devils who succeeded in their efforts were not satisfied with what they'd achieved, and their hunger knew no bounds. Never mind the scope of the perversion they had committed amongst our lands and upon those who were formerly of our number... they dared to reach for more, inviting the bulk of our then-living children to a celebration, a display of the ones they'd taken for themselves, trying to convince that many more to walk the same black path."

The longer he spoke, the more his voice dropped.

Colder and more monotone, with this strange, almost unnoticeable and borderline alien echo behind every word.

Skin-pricklingly wrong in every way.

"They acted with unchecked, vile hubris, just as Salmoneus did. And for their endless sins... they met the same fate, at the same hand."

Without warning, the pavilion and the hill under it were blasted in a way in a flash of light and a crack of thunder so real it had me flinch back hard enough that I nearly leaped off the bench entirely.

Thunder... and lightning.

"Zeus."

Even as the shadows burned away into nothingness, Apollon nodded.

Once.

"Yes. Once he took notice of it all, the King did as he did with Salmonea, and obliterated everyone involved in that mockery of our will, regardless of guilt or innocence. It was, once again, the principle of the matter." He smiled, and it was more a baring of teeth than anything else. "Four of my children - all of those born to me in that era - were present. Your brothers and sisters."

Ah.

"All were innocent. None were spared."

...

That's...

What was I even supposed to say to that?

What could I say to that?

The old, calcified pain in his voice was beyond me.

"Dad... I'm sorry."

It sounded pathetic even to me, but he didn't react to it.

"As was I. Sorry, and so utterly consumed by wrath it defied all mortal comprehension. After so many centuries of strain, it was the straw that broke the camel's back. I struck at my father, and I was not alone in doing so. Mine were not the only children there that day - Ares, Hermes, even more... they joined me in fury, and our battle made the world tremble."

I opened my mouth, and closed it again.

It took more than a couple of tries to get the words out.

"I've never heard this story before."

"We don't celebrate it, though it's hardly a secret. I imagine Chiron, wily as he is, was waiting for the most opportune time to share the tale as a lesson. The carnage of that day was savage and monstrous - a barbaric reckoning straight out of the olden godswars. My father was mighty, and we were as vengeful as we had ever been, and it would not have ended until divine ichor and the gods from which it spilled fell out of the sky had Hestia not intervened. She-"

He stopped, before closing his eyes and exhaling patiently.

"She cast herself between us, and was almost rent asunder for it. Survived, but not unscathed, and in the immediate aftermath of that ... well. The battle ended. My father... even he came to his senses and retreated, and there was only shame and regret to be had for a long, long time after that."

He didn't have to tell me that - I could hear both in every syllable of that little speech, the feeling of them so overwhelming that between them they could have drowned a whale on dry land.

"Sorry," I repeated quietly. "Sounding like a broken record here, I know, but... sorry."

That got him to chuckle again, and the mood lifted.

Literally - the residual bleakness dissipated, and vibrant colours seemed to seep back into the world around us in bits and pieces.

"Don't apologise for what you're blameless for. It's not a good habit to get into, and it is not why I told you all of this to begin with."

"So there is a reason that goes past random story time."

Thought so.

"Yes. I wanted to prove a point of my own." He fixed me with another look, different this time, and it had me going ramrod straight all over again. "When my children were killed, I came cataclysmically close to declaring civil war on Olympus itself, because that is what they mean to me - what they always have."

Slowly, he shook his head.

"And that... has not changed."

The declaration came out with so much intent, so much meaning, that I...

I didn't know what I felt.

"Why-?"

"Hold that thought."

There was another flash of light - more golden this time - and something new materialised a few feet away from our bench.

A long, bright and narrow wooden case with a polished sheen to it, sitting there all nice and quiet, but reeking of so much subtle magic a blind man could have seen it wafting off of it.

I looked from Apollon to it and back again, and he just tilted his head pointedly.

"Go on."

...Okay then.

I didn't even bother asking - at this point, why not?

I got up and moved to kneel in front of it, quietly picking up on its scent - something rosy and green - before carefully pressing my fingers along the lid.

The second I did, the thing clicked open all on its own, and it only took the lightest pressure to lift the lid up and get an eyeful of-

Of...

...

"No."

No freaking way.

"Your personal one was destroyed, wasn't it?" Apollon sounded satisfied in that way only parents who've pulled one over on their idiot kids could manage. Distant, too, over the white noise suddenly ringing in my ears. "That confrontation with the witch. A replacement was due."

Replacement?

There it was, laid out on soft, dark red velvet like it owned the place. Bright ash-wood marked with quiet ingravings and with a golden tint to it - of course - a smooth leather grip, and a silvery string that gleamed with its own personal glow.

Almost simple, if it wasn't for the power I could almost taste coming off of it, and that was at range.

"You got me a bow."

"No, of course not." He countered on the spot. "I made you a bow. Big difference. Carved and strung it with my own hands, though your aunt did help. Don't tell her I told you, though - she gets funny about these things."

...

A divine artifact twice over, then.

Something other people would commit war crimes just to possess.

Good to know.

I didn't touch it.

No way.

Instead, I slowly lowered the lid again, stood up, and took a big step back.

Then I turned to the god sitting behind me.

"Why?"

Remember that bit where he managed to distract me from everything I was feeling before?

Yeah, that was all over now.

It was all rushing right back, and there was a lump in my throat the size of a mountain range - the sight of Apollon's patient smile was not helping - but I managed to speak through it anyway.

Somehow.

"Why are you... doing any of this?"

I wasn't stupid.

I knew what'd he'd say, but even when I called him dad, I didn't really consider-

"I've told you time and again, didn't I? You are my son."

-that.

Right there.

After everything that came before them, the words shouldn't have hit as hard as they did, but who cares what Dan thinks, right?

While I was having a bit of an internal crisis, Apollon chose to stand up smoothly and walk right over to me, before reaching out to put a hand on my shoulder.

Then he did the typical thing and promptly made said crisis worse.

"I don't know why your friend prayed to me, or why you were so distressed." He started, looking right into my eyes as he did. "I suspect that it has something to do with your true origins."

I stopped breathing.

He noticed.

"Calm." He urged, and he didn't start up again until I exhaled shakily. "I know there is more to that story than what even I was expecting when I first found you, and I do not care."

...

"You don't."

Another time, and I would have punched myself in the face for that idiotic whisper - it was basically an admission of guilt, but he didn't seem to register it.

Or, really, he probably pretended not to, all while giving my shoulder a reassuring squeeze for good measure.

"Not an iota. Perhaps you'll tell me one day. Maybe you won't, and we'll make a game of me puzzling it out. Either way, for now, it is irrelevant."

And just like that, I knew what he was going to finish off with before the words were even halfway out of his lips.

"You are my son, Daniel Winchester. That is all that matters."

...

I took that in for a solid minute, processing it glacially, and then I nodded.

It wasn't just a gesture.

I believed him.

He suspected something, anyone could tell.

He might even have been close to finding out the truth, somehow, and for some wild reason I can't put into words, I still believed him.

That's why things played out the way they did in the next ten seconds.

That, and the temporary insanity from the ridiculous day I'd been having until then.

I hugged him.

Briefly. Tightly.

Entirely on automatic.

He ran only a little warmer than a regular human, and he smelled of something fresh and earthy, just like the bow case he'd given me.

On his end, he only hesitated a split second before hugging back, which was as good a hint as any that I hadn't overstepped.

Good, that.

When we finally broke apart, I had to look away and furiously scrub at my eyes.

Just because.

"Something in my eye." I grunted, and he laughed, louder and heartier than ever before.

"I'm sure."

I know - I was never living this one down.

Still, it felt like I could breathe again.

My head was still full of stuff I had to work through, but they felt far away now, instead of surging right up in my everything - broken down into smaller pieces and shoved away until I decided to go looking for them again.

Right then, I could live with that.

Which only left the one question.

"So..." I looked at Apo- Dad. "What now?"

He reached out to ruffle my hair.

"That's entirely up to you."

"You're not leaving?" I hesitated. "You don't have somewhere else to be?"

"At the moment?" He didn't so much as hesitate. "You are my only priority."

Right.

So...

I should have headed home, back to Chiron's.

He was still waiting on us, and so was my family - another mess I'd have to deal with because of what happened on the quest.

Really, I should have been back and on it already.

Doubly so because I'd have to tell him about this meeting and what it might mean.

But...

It'd already been over half an hour, and odds are Sai was still down in the Underworld.

Heck, if he came back anytime in the next six hours, I'd eat my shoe, and if he was sticking close to his mother...

It was childish, but I wanted the same thing.

I looked back at Apollon.

"I know this great bowling alley."

Like I said before: Insanity.

He took that in, blinked, before outright grinning in quick and utter delight.

"Bowling? A game of marksmanship?"

...Which he was the god of.

Moron, thy name is Winchester.

"That was stupid. Forget I said-"

"Oh, absolutely not." He threw his arm around my shoulders and began herding me away from that bench, and I didn't flinch in the slightest. "Tell me more."

Well, if he was asking...

"Best of twelve strikes buys dinner?"

"Son, if you manage three before I do the same, I'll let you drive my chariot."

"Hah."

"..."

"...You are kidding, right?"

"Just try and do a better job than the last mortal who was given the sun's reins back in the day. The world is both metaphorically and metaphysically smaller than it once was, and replacing a burning country or three would be such a hassle."

"Come again?"

And then his power flared, and we vanished in a seamless flash of familiar gold.

...​

And that was it.

I'd still kill Sai when I got my hands on him again, but all in all?

The quest ended on a high note.

...

Apollon's Dad Stonks After this:

Spoiler: Spoiler

Meanwhile, back In PJO with Apollo:

Spoiler: Spoiler

As always, leave your comments and ideas and if you don't like it, please be courteous.
Last edited: Jan 30, 2026
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Ender Wiggen, Doc Sithicus and 1,043 others
Firewillreign
Nov 10, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Extra Canon Interlude - Of Parents, Family And Idiots
View content
Firewillreign
Firewillreign
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 26, 2023
Messages888
Likes received82,880
Nov 14, 2025
Add bookmark
#4,427
Canon Interlude, but before that, for the Dragon Emperor poll:

Revamp - meeting him early and redeeming him/changing him. Butterfly affect basically

AU - Never had the gear/genderbent/whatever else.

Someone else - Basically taking the gear and shoving it in someone else, exactly what it says on the tin.

Onwards!


Chiron sensed Daniel's presence the moment he returned to Athens, three days after the boys and their companions had set out to retrieve the Fleece.

Of course he did.

Even at rest, his senses cast a wide net across the estate and beyond - just in case - and he had important guests to watch over for his student's sake.

Prudence was not merely a necessity - it was an ingrained, well-honed habit.

Beyond second nature, even, but that was besides the point.

When Dan appeared with Apollon of all beings in his obvious company, Chiron was left to settle a frisson of reflexive alarm.

Sairaorg's clear absence would have transformed that into an old, hollow dread had the god not had the forethought to reach out across the city and placate the cold possibility before it could truly take root in his mind.

All is well.

As far as divine revelations went, it was a little on the short side, sparse on the details, and more intent than meaning to begin, but it got the message across all the same.

There was no need for concern - but where was Sairaorg, then?

... Ah.

Given that Apollon would not disregard the devil in his assurances, it only took Chiron a moment to put the likely pieces together.

If the quest had been successful, then his other student was most certainly in the underworld, basking in a long-awaited reunion.

If not - if the quest had been a failure in one sense or the other - then he was potentially there regardless.

Either way, Chiron could hazard a guess as to why Dan would be with his father - what he'd have to be feeling, given his history, and the circumstances that would have drawn one to the other and vice versa, and to that end...

Truth be told?

He was cautiously optimistic, though he kept his awareness sharply peeled all the same, even as he set out to prepare breakfast for himself and the family he was hosting with a particular touch of relieved contentment that had been absent over the last few days.

Not that he'd let the natural worry show, of course - he wasn't an amateur - but quests were dangerous business, and old fears had a nasty habit of rearing their heads and plaguing even those who've wearily accepted them as a facet of a very, very long life when they were least welcome.

Still.

The sun was shining, a meal was on the way, and his students had returned, and would be back under his roof sooner or later.

Today was a good day.

...

It was a few hours later, well into the afternoon, when Daniel finally made his way back.

Apollon had taken his leave, the god's blanketing presence lifting and rising out of immediate perception to wherever it is the deity so pleased, and only a handful of minutes later, a familiar flash of golden light overtook the garden.

Daniel materialised there, as he was regularly wont to do, with a lidded cup of carbonated garbage in one hand and a what looked like a souvenir baggie from the bowling alley down in the city he and Sairaorg enjoyed visiting.

He was also wearing a new shirt - black, with big bold letters stamped all over its front.

Bowling Excuses - I slipped and the wind caught it.

... Well then.

Chiron was already standing in the garden, waiting for him with a steaming mug of tea in hand, and when his student appeared, he took one glance at him and froze like a deer in headlights.

A guilty one.

For a minute, they just stared at one another, and Chiron idly took a sip of his blend while it was still hot.

Mhm. Chamomile.

Eventually, Dan raised his arms up in immediate surrender.

"Look, I can explain."

"Can you?"

"Absolutely." He nodded confidently. "We aced the quest, but it was all kinds of whacky."

"Oh?"

"Like you wouldn't believe. We misfired and landed way off in the wrong end of Kansas, met a scary old dude who might be part alien-vampire, the King of Knights and Irish Hercules in, like, three minutes. Five tops. Then we got back on track, landed back home, made a call, and ended up running into and ganking a bunch of homicidal snake-ladies and this one vampire with flaming hair and a donkey leg who were trying to eat that satyr we wanted to meet."

"..."

"We talked to the satyr, got him up to speed on where we were going and what we needed to do, and then a whole bunch of other vampires came after us so we had to kill them, too. Then the satyr helped us flag down the Chariot of Damnation and hitch a ride with the three geriatric street racers of doom. Totally nuts, for the record. Ran over a manticore on the sidewalk and everything."

"..."

"Anyway, stuff happened, things went down, and I ended up hearing some things that put me in a pretty nasty funk for a few days after we hitched another ride on this neat ship across the Atlantic, right up until we got to the Sea of Monsters, and the first thing that came at us was the Beast of Andromeda. Big dude. Size of a small skyscraper. Sai's got the skull in his storage band somewhere."

"..."

"After that, I pulled off some nifty magic, we used those spell circles you gave me, ran the world's most well-deserved home invasion, and got our hands on the Fleece right before we saved a few more satyrs. Then we got back to the ship, met a prickly goddess, and I punched her in the face right then and there. Call it a reflex."

"..."

"She didn't like that, so she sicced a giant monster on us that Sai took care of, I knocked out her lackey, and then I set her on fire so badly that another goddess had to show up and bail her out. It was a whole thing, and the second that one disappeared, I pumped on the gas, teleported the ship out of the danger zone and we bounced right out of there on the double."

"..."

"That's pretty much it. We got back to the Sai's place in the Underworld, and I used the Fleece to get his mom up, finally. It made me feel... well, I didn't want to intrude, so I got out there and decided to vent for a bit, and then I ran into my Dad, and one thing kind of led to another, and... here I am."

"..."

His student grinned at his continued silence and raised his goodie bag again.

"Now, instead of judging me for this, wouldn't you like to know what any of that meant?"

"..."

"..."

"..."

"...You're going to hit me now, aren't you?"

"I am heavily considering it," Chiron admitted instantly. "But first... priorities."

He was still in the human guise he donned for the sake of the Winchester family's comfort, so it was simply a matter of vanishing his tea mug in a burst of subtle magic and a single step before he could wrap his arms around the idiot boy and pull him in for a hug.

Daniel stiffened at first, more in surprise than anything else, before firmly returning the gesture with due haste.

When they broke apart, though, there was a wry grin on the demigod's face.

"Man, I keep getting hugged by people I wouldn't have even imagined meeting a year ago." He rubbed the back of his head and smiled up at him. "Today is a weird day."

Chiron raised a brow.

"I take it your time with lord Apollon went well?"

"You know about - wait, what am I saying? Of course you know. Probably felt it the second we got here." He shook his head and shrugged. "Yeah, it went well. We talked some stuff out and we played a few rounds down at the bowling alley, and then we had lunch and... he hugged me. Twice. Wild, right?"

"I imagine it was."

And that likely only made the surprise of it better, in the end.

"..."

"What is it?"

"Do you..." He hesitated. "Do you think I should tell him?"

Chiron understood at once.

"About your 'secret'"

Daniel nodded.

What a... delicate question.

He answered it with another.

"Would you like to?"

"... I would have said 'heck no' before - or something a lot stronger, honestly - but after today..." He shrugged again and sighed. "Maybe? After a while?"

Chiron took that in slowly - gauging his burgeoning certainty - before nodding carefully.

"Then perhaps it's best to revisit the matter after some time, no?"

Time where even he needed to consider the matter carefully.

"Probably for the best." Daniel didn't push back on the suggestion. "We should talk about the quest now. For real this time. There's all kinds of stuff I have to talk to you about, and one of them is something big. Like, really big - I don't even understand how I didn't mention it before."

Oh?

"Then it might be prudent to leave that as well for a more in-depth conversation later. Unless you believe that your aunt and uncle need to know about it alongside us, and your cousins before even that."

Daniel blinked.

"Wha - oh!"

He sensed them as well, now.

The two girls must have spotted him through the window and come surging down the stairs, because it wasn't even a minute more before they turned the corner and came hurtling forwards at speed.

"DANNY!"

Katherine - Katie - reached them first, and Chiron stepped neatly to the side as the nine-year-old barreled into her cousin's waist with a flying leap and knocked him flat on his back.

"Oof!"

Alex was hot on her heels and, promptly, without prodding, they both began to berate him.

"Why. Do. You. Keep. Going. Places!"

Katie punctuated every word with a whack, while Alex stood off to the side and pointed with condemning judgment.

"Bad, Danny. Bad!"

"Ow, Katie, c'mon!" He raised his hands and tried to protest his well-deserved punishment. "I'm sorry I left, but I'm back now! See?"

Katie whacked him harder.

Understandable, really.

"Jeez, they weren't kidding with that karate training, where they?" He caught her hands and snorted as she glared at him. "I'm back, you mini-tyrant. I also brought bribes."

The girls froze, and Daniel smirked and hefted up his baggie.

"That's right, my little extortionists. Guess who raided a snack bar in town before coming back?"

Alex squinted, and her older cousin beat her to the punch.

"Yes, Alex, I got buttercups in here too."

Alex beamed.

"Good Danny!"

He snorted again.

"Thought so. Katie?"

"...I'm going to kick you some more later. Gimme!"

"That's not how that works, and you gotta wait for it, because Uncle David is walking this way and he'll take the whole stash if he sees it."

"Eep!"

Indeed, the eldest of the Winchester Clan had just stepped out past the doorway, and Chiron simply stepped back once more as the man made a beeline straight for his nephew, with his wife following close behind.

They could have their conversation in short order, but for now...

He turned away and walked back towards the house.

A small reunion was exactly what the doctor ordered.

...​

Eventually, after the girls had been set off to giggle and laugh away with their illicit goods in hand, Daniel sat down to tell them of their quest.

It was, in a word... an experience.

"Dear God," Sarah whispered when it was all said and done, and her nephew only shrugged.

"It really wasn't as bad as it sounds. We had it in the bag!" He threw a thumbs up and nodded earnestly, before coughing and muttering under his breath. "And it's not like He's going to help around these parts, considering..."

Only Chiron picked up on the murmur, and he narrowed his eyes just the slightest degree, filing it away for later.

"You met Hecate," David asked, sounding stunned, and Daniel winced. "You actually met her."

"Sure did. Real intimidating, too."

"I never have. Evelyn-"

Dan almost winced again, but managed to strangle the motion in its infancy.

"-might have." David continued uncertainly. "In person or through some other mystical way, but I've never come close."

"Well, you're not missing out, and it's not like she stayed for an extended family reunion or anything." Daniel shook his head again. "Not like I would have wanted her to, either. The scare with her presence and my... "

He abruptly - and tellingly - grimaced.

"'lord father's' attention towards the end of that circus show was bad enough."

"Right." David... stared. "That."

The disbelief was to be expected.

Alternate worlds, different gods from the ones they 'knew'... it was far too much to comfortably parse through all at once.


If anything, the Winchesters had been remarkably adaptable with just about everything else up to this point.

Naturally, Daniel chose then to complicate matters further.

"I don't think you guys can go back home anymore. At least not for a while."

"Excuse me?"

Dan immediately winced again, but he stood his ground all the same.

"Hecate... probably recognised me. If she didn't, somehow, then my 'father' definitely did. They're going to want answers, and even if they don't ask Gleeson Hedge questions with him right there-"

David muttered something acrid under his breath, and his wife leaned over to place a hand on his upper arm.

"-then they'll still eventually come looking for you anyway, and you're sitting ducks. Considering gods and how they run things, you don't want that to happen. You know you don't."

If the way the two adults paled was any indicator, they evidently agreed, and Daniel hurried to soften the blow.

"That's not as bad as it sounds, either. We'll figure something out, and in the meantime, you'll be fine around here. More than fine, even. I'm rich, guys." He confessed. "Like stupid rich. The 'Easily buy you a beachside mansion, enroll the kids in private school, and eat expensive takeout every day for the rest of our lives' kind of rich, and then some. Things are going to be fine.'

Responses to that were varied.

David only looked up, baffled.

"Come again?"

Sarah, on the other hand, gave her nephew a look.

"I know."

...

Dan paused warily,

"You do?"

"Yes. I heard..." She trailed off, before fixing him with a truly inspired gimlet stare that had him paling instead. "About the dragon."

"... Oh crap."

"The what!?"

Evidently, David hadn't known - Sarah had likely saved that delightful story for the proper moment and affect, intelligent woman that she was, and as for Daniel?

He snapped over to stare at Chiron with wide, betrayed eyes.

In response, the centaur only raised his mug in salute.

"Daniel Winchester-!"

Fate chose then to smile on his student - before his aunt could begin tearing into him worse than Smaug the Bane of Dwarves ever could have, a familiar feeling prickled at both of their senses.

A teleportation circle had just sprung to life on the estate.

"It seems Sairaorg has returned."

Dan wasted no time at all-

"Gottagobye!"

-and leaped off the couch and out of the room in a blur.

His aunt and uncle only stared at the spot he'd fled from, and Chiron had to suppress a laugh.

Entirely reflexive, of course.

"Excuse us. We'll be back in a moment."

It was only polite, after all, because from what he could sense yet again?

Sairaorg had not come alone.

...​

His other wayward student beamed at the sight of him, happier and more excited than Chiron had ever seen him.

To the young devil's left, Anton Vapula bowed at once - and to his right?

Misla Bael stood, awake at last and evidently vibrant with health and renewed life, wearing a simple blue dress with no apparent opulence to it beyond the basics and framed by the light of the setting sun behind them.

A successful quest indeed.

"Lord Chiron." Her voice was soft and measured, but by no means weak, and she lowered her head in polite greeting. "An honor to make your esteemed acquaintance."

"Please, Lady Bael." He mirrored the motion while waving off her own. "There is no need for such formalities."

"But I insist. I can offer no less to the one who has so greatly enriched my son's life."

Her eyes flickered to Sairaorg, and though the expression on her face remained calm and polished, the light in her eyes was nothing short of adoring.

A mother for true, even beneath the necessary veneer of a noblewoman.

How rewarding.

"If anything, Lady Bael." He smiled gently, and gestured towards Sairaorg. "He has enriched mine own."

Her own smile grew in response as her son flushed, and she raised a hand to run her fingers through his hair.

"I am delighted to hear it - and please, call me Misla. It is as you said." She nodded. "There can be no such formalities between us."

Then her eyes strayed to the side, where his other student stood.

"And you must be Daniel Winchester."

"That's me." He agreed, before ducking his head in the approximation of a polite greeting himself. "Hello, Lady- woah."

He was cut off as Misla crossed the distance between them and gently grasped his chin, carefully tilting his head back up again and looking him right in the eye.

"I do not know everything - it is not my little Sai's story to tell, in his own words - but you are in large part the reason I am awake, are you not?"

Daniel blinked and leaned back against the intensity of her focus.

"Well, it was really more of a team effort-"

She cut him off for the second time by drawing him into a hug, deep and ever so clearly from the heart.

"Thank you." She whispered into his ear. "For reuniting my son and I at last."

When she pulled away, Daniel was flushed all the way down to his toes, and he seemed momentarily incapable of saying a word.

Quite an achievement, that.

"Perhaps we should take this inside." Chiron offered, and all eyes turned to him. "I have lovely tea for just the occasion-"

"Of course you do." Sairaorg snickered, the cheeky upstart.

"-and we'd all be better off making acquaintances in comfort."

Misla nodded gratefully, finally pulling her hands away from their perch on Daniel's shoulders.

"We would be most grateful."

He imagined they would be - and the Winchesters were there as well, so they might as well go full circle and finish all introductions then and there.

The convenience of it all was ever so pleasing.

"You guys go ahead for a minute," Sairaorg told his mother and his butler, eyeing Chiron and Dan. "We kind of need to talk real quick."

Misla did not argue the point.

"As you wish, my lovely."

Sairaorg went beet red in a blink.

"Mom!"

She only laughed, and the sound was rich with a relief and easy happiness that Chiron suspected would not be leaving it for quite some time.

Truly, that was only fair.

"Come, Anton. Let us walk ahead."

"At once, my lady."

Soon, they did just that, trekking up the path to the house.

The centaur imagined they wouldn't actually enter - far too 'impolite' a thing to do without the host first paving the way - and so he reached over, pulled his other student into his own well-deserved hug, and left to continue escorting his guests after sending him a warm look.

"Thanks, Chiron."

"Hurry along now, boys. Your families are waiting."

He could read them the riot act over one thing or the other in due time.

Tonight?

He'd let them have their victory.

When he made to walk off, Sairaorg turned to look at Dan.

Dan looked back.

A moment of silence passed.

Then-

"You prayed," the son of Apollon finally ground out. "To my Dad."

Sairaorg was unrepentant.

"Yep. It worked, didn't?" He grinned widely. "I can tell."

"Oh, can you?"

"Damn straight. Your face is doing this thing where it looks even dumber than usual, so I figure things worked out in the end."

Another moment of silence passed as Daniel processed that.

Then the calm broke.

"Raagh!"

With a roaring battle cry, he leaped forward and tackled Sairaorg in much the same way his cousin had him before, and both of them went tumbling down the grass hill in a laughing, flailing bundle.

"Repent! Repent for your sins, you damned hellspawn!"

"Like you're one to talk, you filthy pagan!"

Clearly, they were celebrating their victory in their own... unique way.

Chrion watched them go, and finally allowed himself a fond laugh.

Ah, but what joy these two little fools brought to his life.

He turned away to continue on his own path... and then a thought occurred to him, and he paused mid-chuckle.

Now that his mind was on it...

...

"Where exactly is Regulus?"


...​

Meanwhile, in a certain castle down in the Underworld:

"Those little brats... forgot me?"

Much furious snarling ensued.

...​

Meanwhile, in the Blessed Island Of Delos:

Artemis raised a brow the moment Apollon materialized in front of her, smiling in utter satisfaction, radiating more shining contentment than most gods did in a year.

It took her only a second to put two and two together.

There was only one immediate reason for this attitude that came to mind.

"You were just with him, weren't you?"

"Mm-hm."

Of course.

Artemis squinted suspiciously at the smug tone, before her eyes widened in realisation.

"You gave him the bow, didn't you?"

"I absolutely did."

Of course.

"Damn you, Apollon! That was supposed to be a birthday gift!"

"Oh please. Plans change." He rolled his eyes and waved the indignant comment away. "A son of Apollon must have a good bow at all times - it's basic common sense. I can always outdo myself when the time comes. That's half the challenge."

She growled at him, and he laughed.

"Besides, you can give him the other half of the gift whenever you'd like. He says thank you as it is - you'll likely get that prayer eventually, when he gets home and gets some rest."

That made her pause.

"Where did you take him?"

Her brother didn't answer with words.

Instead, he reached into his suit's top pocket and pulled out a small, laminated strip of photo paper and handed it over.

Four photographs of her brother and her nephew stood out on it in brilliant colouring - enhanced by Apollon, no doubt - with each of them standing next to the other, dressed up in matching black t-shirts with inane slogans printed across them, and their arms thrown across one another's shoulders for good measure.

Artemis looked up incredulously.

"You took him bowling?"

"His idea, not mine."

Naturally.

She looked back down at the photos, past the bowling ball they hefted up between them, and took in the look on her nephew's face.

Caught halfway through a laugh, dazed and stunned like he couldn't believe this was where his life had led him - a common sentiment where Apollon was involved - but no less genuine for it.

He looked... happy.

As did her brother.

...

...Good.

She handed the photo strip back without another word, and he gave her an expectant look.

"Well?"

"I'll take him hunting sometime in the coming month. His friend too, perhaps."

"Thought you might."

"Quiet. I'm doing this to ensure they're prepared - some threats have to be faced out in the wild for the value of the experience to be at its most rewarding."

Chiron would likely approve as well - it was time to step up their training, or it would be, sooner or later.

After all, this world was full of threats that did not wait for children to come into their own gently, even in this era of 'peace.

Apollon, despite understanding all of this, only grinned in that way that was specifically designed to irritate her.

"And you'd like to spend time with him."

She rolled her eyes and began stalking away, and she heard her brother sigh before following along after her.

"Arty! For the love of mother, learn to finish a conversation with due grace!"

Truly, she was surrounded by endless, unbearable headaches.

...

Dan and Sai, telling stories.
Everyone else:

Spoiler: Spoiler

Regulus and Artemis on dealing with the boys and Apollon respectively:

Spoiler: Spoiler

As always, leave your comments and ideas and if you don't like it, please be courteous.
Last edited: Mar 8, 2026
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Ender Wiggen, Doc Sithicus and 932 others
Firewillreign
Nov 14, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks I Get A Fresh Dose Of Existential Horror.
View content
Firewillreign
Firewillreign
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 26, 2023
Messages888
Likes received82,880
Nov 24, 2025
Add bookmark
#5,130
If anyone's missed it, I've moved the last Extra interlude to the threadmark behind this one.

Onwards!

One Month Later:

Let me tell you about Zagori, way up in Northwestern Greece.

Long story short?

It was the heart of the Pindus range, bordering Albania, and about what you'd expect if you read the label on the tin and called it a day - great big mountains rolling out in all directions, forests of pine and fir and who knows what else stretching out every which way you could look, and untamed wilderness out the wazoo.

Plenty of gorges, too - these narrow, older-than-dirt valleys with high walls and steep drops carved into the earth - but we'll get to that in a minute.

There were a few dozen small villages scattered across the place - the Zagorochoria - threaded together with old stone-paved paths, arched bridges, and a network of crisscrossing roads that brought the whole thing together with a bow on top.

Quiet place, quiet people, and even the wild predators around - the non-supernatural kind, at least - were more likely to roll their eyes at you and leave you alone than they were to try and take a bite.

Unless they were hungry.

Or cranky.

Or they thought you looked particularly juicy.

Then you were toast.

Still.

All in all? On the mortal end of things?

Zagori was neat.

Perfect scenery. Great place for tourists and nature enthusiasts.

Now, on my end of things?

The demigod side?

Hah.

You already know where this is going.

It started...

Well, things technically got going bright and early on the day of my first visit to the place, but the fun only really hit its peak a few hours down the line, when I found myself walking across the floor of one of those gorges I talked about before.

It was a deep, jagged wound of a ravine nestled between two sharp cliffs, the rock faces on either side of me rising so high up you couldn't even see the tops from where I was standing - not with ordinary senses, at least.

The sun was up there somewhere, but thick curtains of mist dragged across the sky, choking it out and flooding the gorge with this dim, cold half-light - and I do mean cold, with a feeling to it that went beyond just bad weather.

The early autumn breeze was one thing, but this wasn't that - it scraped against my skin with something two shades off intent, sharp and bone-seeping, and what little daylight made it through from above was dull and shimmering, wafting by in pale streaks that made the whole place feel three sizes too big and halfway underwater.

The kind of underwater that made you feel like something huge, nasty, and with way too many teeth for comfort was circling just out of sight - and getting closer with every pass, naturally.

I didn't stop walking - that would have been stupid.

Instead, I kept at it, and every step I took over damp earth or shifting gravel was muffled, the echoes distorted, quickly swallowed by the fog curling around my trainers right from the get-go. Even the clicking of the tiny pebbles or the occasional stone I kicked up came out wrong, like the walls and the swirling clouds of silver-white were chewing up the noise and spitting it back out in bits and pieces.

Or something else was.

Sounds about typical, doesn't it?

When the inevitable attack finally came, I was more than ready for it.

One second, there was nothing but a vague, ominous sense of danger and doom nesting at the back of my head - a classic, really - and the next, that instinct blared like an old-school air raid siren as something fast, strong and near-blindingly bloodthirsty blitzed out of the mists to my left and took a clawed swing at my head.

SHREEE - KRIT!

My shield caught the torturously loud blow as I crouched at the knees and deflected the taloned swipe off of it, before igniting Serpent's Downfall and swinging it out in a fiery arc that forced the thing coming at me to back off hard.

It shrieked in fury as it kicked back and retreated into the mist, but I got a good look at it all the same - and holy crap.

Pale, waxy skin with a sickly sheen to it. A hunched back. Too-long limbs tipped with bristling claws, and waves of endless hair that floated above its head, drifting and flowing from side to side.

Half emaciated frame, half-worn rags.

Sheer, wafting malice.

Whatever it was, it wouldn't be winning beauty contests any time soon.

"You know," I started quietly, exhaling lowly as the mist seemed to fall eerily silent and brace for impact - the calm before the storm. "If I had a nickel for every time I've been surrounded by mist and attacked by an ugly monster or two, I'd have three nickels. Which isn't anything to write home about, really, but it's weird it happened-"

Behind!

I pivoted on the spot and hurled Serpent's Downfall through the cold haze, letting it lance towards the latest homicidal nightmare in my life as it - she - came flying out at me with the intent to thoroughly eviscerate.

For a split second, I even thought I'd nailed her.

Then she... snapped.

Literally.

Her body and limbs bent in on themselves in mid-air, compressing and breaking around the incoming spear with a grisly orchestra's worth of sickening cracks and sounds too disgusting to keep track of, dodging certain death by the pale skin of her demonic teeth.

Not unscathed - she evaded the killing blow even as the fiery heat arcing off of Serpent's Downfall made her howl - but despite the smoking, acrid scent of burning flesh, when she landed three feet away, it only took her a blink to unfurl like a venus fly trap with a grudge to settle, and then she was hurling herself my way all over again.

I met her charge this time, leaping forward and snapping a hand out to recall my spear-

Ń̵̲̲͌ó̸͓̣̖̽.̵̮̯͓̮̀͑

-before hissing as something rejected the instinctive magic, stopping me from summoning it back.

Even through the instant of disorientation, I had a good feeling I knew what it was.

Who it was.

Not the monster in front of me, that's for sure, but that one had no problem capitalising on the opening and slamming her weight into me, driving us both out of the air and giving me a close-up glimpse of blank, inhuman orbs for eyes and a mouth full of gnarly fangs as it descended and tried to tear out my throat.

Nope.

"Get OFF!"

The word exploded out with physical force, the sound reverberating in a shockwave that blasted the two of us apart and across the gorge in opposite directions - just as planned.

Mostly.

The earth screeched under my armour as the raw power behind the blast sent me skidding across the valley floor, but the rush of it all had me leaping up and back on my feet in no time flat, and a good thing too - the murderous hag wasn't anywhere close to done.

The blood-curdling scream and the wild dash straight towards me was kind of a giveaway... though calling it a 'dash' didn't do the frenzied freakiness of it justice.

"Kyeeeerrrrk!"

She came at me with limbs flailing in all the wrong ways, sickle-like claws whipping out and teeth flashing - and not on two feet, either.

Instead, she skittered on all fours like a demented spider, ducking in and out of the mist as she tore through the space between us, before bursting out to my right this time and aiming low, trying to cleave my legs out from under me.

"Gah!"

I darted out of range and cocked back an arm, waiting for her to follow me up before bashing her across the face with the flat of my shield.

Bong.

I would have laughed, for all that she definitely felt it, it barely slowed her down an inch.

When I went in for a haymaker with my other fist, she actually caught the blow, her clawed grasp wrapping around my knuckles and digging into my skin.

Her head snapped back with a sharp click, and baleful pale eyes fixed me with an earlier, alien glare.

Quick reminder: despite the ragged look to her everything, she was still monstrously strong, and her grip was brutal.

I gritted my teeth and wasted no time swinging out with my shield again, but she somehow managed to snatch hold of that too, and for a beat, we were caught in this savage, no-holds-barred deadlock.

I'd have broken through in a second, of course, but she didn't give me the chance.

No, she pulled the same trick twice - folding her lower half in on itself, making me stumble an inch forward as the footing she was bracing us both against vanished, before kicking out at my chest with both deformed feet.

"Freaking-!"

Without the armour, the impact would have knocked the breath out of me.

Even with that extra protection, it launched me backwards, - for the second time in under a minute - sending me careening head-over-heels into the cliff wall behind me.

Thwoom!

Stone cracked and shattered around me, fractures shooting out across it like spiderwebs from the sheer collision, and I couldn't help but wheeze, deep and from the soul.

That one, I actually felt.

Jagged little shards rained down over me, and the taste of pulverised dust I took in with my next inhale was downright miserable - and we weren't done yet.

I tore out of the Winchester-shaped impression in the wall behind me just as the hag cleaved into it, throwing up more flying debris like it was going out of style.

Terrifying, but still a mistake - I was there before she could claw her way back out, driving my knee through her center mass and nearly flattening her against the shallow crater at full speed.

Karma, am I right?

The crater spiderwebbed deeper as I pressed down harder, and when she shrieked again, it came out garbled, her ribs bowing under my knee - at least at first. Soon enough, she was swinging for my head again, but I let the first swipe whistle over my head, knocked the second away with my shield, and snapped a hand out around her throat.

Immediately, she went berserk, thrashing with so much maddened rage that it felt like the effort alone would bring the entire trembling cliff down around us.

"Kyeeeerrrrk!"

Keeping hold of the thing was worse, because it dialled up the wrongness it gave off a thousand-fold and made every part of me that hated it on reflex roar that much louder, until the noise and the pressure thundering through my veins and in my ears were almost deafening.

So I did the practical thing: I grinned, teeth bared, and tightened my grip.

"What? Not having fun anymore?"

I idly deflected another swipe, brutal enough that her own claws began to chip against the cyclops-forged metal.

"Didn't your mother ever tell you? Never dish out-"

I kicked off the cliff, dragging her up and out of the crater with me in a rising arc-

"-What you can't handle!"

-and launched her down and away like an honest-to-Zeus skipping stone.

By the time I'd landed, she'd already gone bouncing off into the mist.

"He pitches,' I grinned some more, getting ready for the grand finale. "He strikes, and the crowd goes wild!"

And you know what?

A crowd did go wild - just not the kind anyone sane would have ever wanted.

In hindsight, I might have even been tempting fate a little there, but them's the breaks.

KRRA-RUMM

It started with a rumble - This deep, shifting vibration that shook the gorge underneath me and wiped the smile right off my face.

Then I heard the hag wail out in the distance, the damned noise ripping out like a siren call.

Exactly like one, even.

Dark, razor-sharp, and nasty to the point where I could feel it settle down on me and everything else around like a malevolent, smothering blanket - and if I could say that with a straight face, you know it was really, really bad.

Then the valley floor started cracking open with feeling, my eyes went wide, and rotting, undead limbs began to reach out into the world like a single, grasping tide.

After that, 'bad' got left in the dust.

Next stop: 'Zombie Apocalypse' - and I'm not kidding.

"Oh, come on."

They pulled themselves out of the dirt in waves, some of them human, others animal-like, and plenty more downright chimeric, all skeletal in some form or another, or passing by with rotting scraps of mottled flesh and empty pits for eyes.

The worst of them were 'fresher' - bloated and swollen in shades of blue and stomach-turning purple, with living maggots writhing under half-way hollow skin and earthworms pouring off of them in droves.

One was humanoid from the waist, but goat from there on up, like some kind of deranged play on a satyr, and its unhinged jaw was full of twisting, pulsing growths I didn't even know where to begin describing.

Crime against nature didn't cover it, or any of the rest of them.

Vrykolakas.

The more 'recent', catch-all term for Greek undead.

Right about then, though, I didn't care what they were called.

The chorus of their creaking bones and wet, thudding footfalls alone was living rent-free in my head for the next year - and that was before the hag's wail sounded out again, and the entire hoard seemed to snap its collective attention onto me.

Because of course it did.

The overpowering scent of mutated roadkill was just a plus.

Also-

"Nope! No sir!" My hands were up, palms-out and aimed at the ready before the first abomination took a single step my way. "Hard pass!"

Sunlight bloomed, and the mist hissed and recoiled with something almost hand-in-hand with terror.

The revenants were next in line, stumbling and breaking out of their dead-sprints - hah - as the radiance drove them back.

Behind all the rest, I could even see the hag herself, desperately clambering onto a boulder above the hoard and flinching as the light grew brighter and brighter with every passing second.

"Kyeeeerrrrk!"

She managed to fix me with this look - soulless and utterly hateful, the kind you aim at someone you know is about to completely ruin your day - and I shot her one last smirk and a cheery little wave to boot.

Then I spoke.

"Hail, Great Alexikakos!"​

Apollon, in his aspect as the Averter of Evil.

"Sunder the Dark, and Banish The Rot That Dwells Within!"

...​

A beat.

Then Warmth

It coursed through my chest and across my body, fierce like fire and spice all at once, and the light I was putting out took on a heavier, weightier focus right as I took a deep, deep breath.

...

Then I exhaled, just as quickly, and the sun exploded out of me at full force.

Everything happened all at once, after that.

The gorge lit up under the glow of a second dawn, courtesy of yours truly.

The mist was blasted apart into loose waves of silver and gold, swirling and shrinking this way and that before melting into nothingness. The shadows vanished entirely, and the vrykolakas went with them, reduced to scattering ash the instant the light slammed into them.

No muss, no fuss, and not even the slightest hint of resistance - conceptual brilliance unmaking that which was geared against it as easy as breathing.

Even the jagged cliff tops seemed to shimmer and glow, painted in shining gold for as far as the eye could see, and best of all?

The hag barely lasted a second longer - this one moment of enraged flailing - before abruptly catching fire and going up in a blazing pillar of screaming flames.

"Kyeer-!"

She tried to get at me one last time, leaping off the boulder with her burning limbs thrown out wide, but she didn't even make it halfway over before crumbling into ash mid-air.

All that was left of that suicidal last rush was this sad, pitiful rain of crumbling dust, pooling onto the dirt and drifting away in the breeze.

Completely done for.

...

Quick, brutal, and anti-climactic as all heck, so... pretty much gold-tier, by half-blood standards.

I thought about that for a bit, before nodding in satisfaction.

Good.

The last of the mist was fading, and the sun - the real one this time - was shining down here again. The air was warming quickly, and the general feeling of unnatural cold and bad juju was gone with the wind.

In a little while, it'd be like it never happened at all.

That was one thing done for the day.

Now then...

Time to get a certain goddess to fork over my spear.

…​

A Few Minutes Later:

She was already waiting for me by the time I flew out of the gorge and across the mountain range where we were due to meet up.

"Mission accomplished," I said, dropping out of the air and straight onto this large rocky slab of an outcrop she was sitting on and crossing my legs for good measure - then I paused. "That is the end of it, right?"

My aunt Artemis - leather jacket, white-blonde hair, and silvery eyes and all - hummed, but she didn't answer at first.

Instead, her hand flashed with a hint of magic, and a fruit materialised in her grip.

A fig.

Except, it was the best-looking fig I've ever seen - velvety purple-green, fuller with a certain shine to it, and with a curling, vine-like stem that gave it points for style.

Artemis wordlessly twisted off that stem, and handed the rest of the fruit over in the same easy motion.

"Eat."

"...Thanks?"

I took it - it's not like I had a reason not to, and I liked figs just fine.

That said...

One of our old neighbors back in Maple was a farmer who owned some land just outside town, and every summer he and his wife would send out little fruit baskets with neat ribbons tied around the handles.

The figs there were always good - Katie and Alex went wild for the strawberries - but this one alone blew'em all out right out the water.

"Woah."

Biting into it was like swallowing a mouthful of jam and sparks.

Sweet, soft, and warm in a way that had me deflating like a balloon and sitting up all at the same time.

It just worked.

'"This is-?"

"A delight, isn't it? Grown in one of Demeter's personal gardens."

I... didn't take a second bite.

Not just yet.

"Demeter as in-"

"Yes."

"...Right."

Another Olympian.

That's a thing.

"And I can just eat this, no questions asked?"

I mean, I doubt she would have given it to me if it were a big deal, but caution was always a good knee-jerk reaction to have with any of the Great Twelve, and the Verdant One's personal punishments for those who crossed her could get downright horrifying.

Just ask that one moron who tried to cut down her sacred grove and got cursed with endless hunger for his troubles.

Oh wait. You can't.

He ate himself to death.

"It is ultimately a fruit, one I gave to you, and so the point is moot." Artemis shook her head. "Even if you'd taken it for yourself, so long as the proper respect was shown, Demeter would have cared little and less. You are of Olympian stock, and the bounty of a good harvest shared is a gift that returns to the earth in due time."

She gestured, and an entire bowl of them materialised between us.

Just to prove the point, I guess.

"That said," I took another bite, and she continued without missing a beat. "Past the bare minimum or circumstances of urgent need, avoid sharing any such goods with ordinary mortals."

"They're dangerous?"

"They are... unlikely to harm them, and are significantly beneficial more often than not, but under the occasional rare circumstances, divine power that promotes health and growth, no matter how diluted, can have... unexpected side effects."

That's... probably not something I wanted to ask about while I was still eating.

I could bring it up again later.

"Don't share the goods with mortals. Got it." I nodded, before stopping as another idea popped into my head. "Wait, so Sairaorg-"

She waved the concern off easily enough.

"He's as much an 'ordinary' mortal as you are. He'll be fine."

Good to know.

He was out there too, somewhere across Zagori, running his own little side-quest with Courage for company, and Chiron for supervision.

And judgment.

Lots and lots of judgment.

"Now then." My goddess of an aunt's silver eyes focused on me, a little more serious this time. "Your battle - what have we learned?"

That the next time you offer to take us out 'hunting' and Chiron happily agrees, I should really ask for more details before saying yes?

I almost said it too, but I like to think I'm getting better at not putting my foot in my mouth.

"That vampires suck?"

Or maybe not.

Also: Pun, absolutely intended.

Artemis even snorted.

"That was not a 'vampire,' and 'vampirism,' as a general term doesn't refer so much to an affliction or a single species as it does to an entire sub-type of dark creatures that have been cropping up in one form or another for longer than humanity as you know it has recorded its history. The Lamashtu of Mesopotamia is among the oldest still remembered to some degree, and there have been countless others across the world - some descended from one another, others created through any number of other circumstances, and all but a measly few have consistently been a plaguing, parasitic menace."

She huffed again and shook her head as I stared.

"Consuming lifeblood isn't novel or unique - it's a trend, a miserable one, and has been for quite some time."

Huh.

I took that in slowly, nodding along before asking the obvious question.

"So if that wasn't a 'vampire', then what-"

Her expression darkened.

Not sharply, not dramatically, but enough that I could tell she was displeased.

Not at me, though - small mercies there.

"That..." Even her voice had gone arctic. "...was a gello."

...

Yeah, I got nothing.

"A what?"

"A gello." She repeated, looking over in the direction of the gorge I'd left behind. "A loathsome spawn that begins its existence in a phantasmal state, tormenting the homes of its unsuspecting victims and causing infertility, miscarriage and the death of infants to begin with."

Yikes.

I almost winced - no wonder she sounded the way she did.

Considering her domains - patron of childbirth, protectress of women and children, and all that - that thing was a violation of everything she stood for.

"With enough time, a lesser gello can grow powerful enough to achieve partial incarnation by subsuming the body of a host - a young woman it has slaughtered or 'broken' to the same functional end - and after that, it will revel in all the carnage it can sow before it is driven away or put down like the abomination it is."

That's... wait.

I paled.

"The hosts can still be alive? The one I just dusted-"

"Long dead." She answered immediately, and I exhaled hard. "Buried in the region centuries ago by one hand or the other - mortal necromancers, perhaps - with the vrykolakas in the valley left behind as a security measure. One of many. The wretch seized control of them when a few poor fools stumbled upon its tomb and woke it from its slumber."

Ah.

"That... couldn't have ended well for them."

She smiled humourlessly.

"It decimated nearly half the remote town before a contingent of my hunters was summoned to seal it away."

...Well then.

I didn't bother asking how they would have known.

They were the hunters of Artemis, and magic was the ultimate Swiss Army Knife of convenience.

Enough said.

"I would have had them exorcise it immediately — it, and the second one they found, buried in another region entirely — but the threat was already imprisoned in that gorge, the damage already done, and, against all odds, the disgusting thing served a purpose: giving you a new measure of experience with the hidden dangers of this world. That sufficed."

That made sense, I guess.

Then I thought about that gello, with her blank eyes and maw full of rabid teeth, and I resisted the urge to shiver.

"So there are a lot of those things just... out there?" I gestured off across the mountain range. "In the wild?"

"They have no communities - that much is beyond them - and I would never permit their existence regardless-" I didn't doubt that, "-but no matter how thoroughly they seem to have been exterminated in any given era, a few will always crawl back into the world over the passing centuries. A final, lingering gift from their accursed progenitor."

"Progenitor?"

"The first Gello. The greatest of them."

The sheer disdain in that one word could have put hydra venom to shame.

"An unsightly thing that was unearthed in old Attica, thousands of years ago. It terrorised the mortal population therein until its hunger drew our attention - she grew stronger the more she fed, you see, and she developed a costly taste for those of distant divine descent. The legacies of demigods and favoured mortals, and the younger, the better."

"You killed it?"

She shook her head again.

"Apollon and I hunted her across all of Greece, but she was slippery, cowardly game, and managed to evade us longer than something of her ilk had any right to. Eventually, when there was nowhere left to run, it created the means by which its lesser spawn continue to exist to this day out of sheer spite, before casting itself at the mercy of Hekate, believing that the Night-Wanderer would spare a creature such as herself in exchange for eternal servitude."

"Which ended badly for her."

I hope.

This time, my aunt's smile was more subtle, and a lot more vindictive than it was before.

"It did indeed. Hekate did not merely rebuff her: she tore her apart, rending her essence in twain, and shaped from it her two servants - the Mormo and the Empousa. What was left of the Gello after that, she either sundered entirely or banished to the moon. Either way, there remains nothing of its original self in this world."

"..."

"..."

"...You're about to ask me about the moon, aren't you?"

Yep.

"The way you said that... you're not just talking about the Greek aspect of the moon you hold dominion of, are you?"

"No."

Short and to the point.

Still ridiculous, given what we were talking about now, but I could appreciate the consistancy if nothing else.

"You're the goddess of the moon - as in, the literal celestial object up in outer space?"

Artemis only shrugged.

Shrugged!

"In as much as any moon-deity can claim to be, though my influence there is greater than most - In theory. In practice, that situation is complicated and very, very delicate."

"... I'm still stuck on the moon bit."

Just... for real now?

Look, Chiron had hinted at something weird going on there after that one time when he found me skimming through some of his older astronomy manuals, but that was forever ago, and we've never talked about it like this.

"The moon has a supernatural foundation? Does that mean that all the gods in our pantheon with mythological ties to planets in the solar system actually have power over them? What about foreign gods?"

I was really working up a rant now.

"What about the Sun? Is Dad the god of-"

"No." She repeated, cutting that off right in its cradle. "The root of our power begins with this planet and ends within the bounds of the moon."

"Why? What makes the moon so special?"

"You tell me. Why do you think it differs from most any other heavenly body above?"

"How would I know - ow!"

She flicked my forehead.

"You are intelligent and you've been taught well. Think before you speak - the answer will be glaringly obvious when you reach for it."

I scowled and rubbed the stinging spot.

"What's that supposed to - oh."

"Indeed."

She was right.

The second I thought about it, it hit me - and it wasn't obscure magical babble or anything along those lines.

It was one of the first things I'd picked up in second-grade science class.

The moon orbits the Earth.

Revolves around it.

Mainly because of gravity, but if you look at it from the more mystical end of things...

One follows the other, and that has meaning.

"The moon is subordinate to the reality of Earth, isn't it?"

The magical ecosystem, supernatural order, unconscious will - whatever you want to call it.

The point still stood.

"You're thinking along the right lines," Artemis said, and though it was praise, she didn't agree. "But not quite. The moon, even at its calmest, is only a reflection of Earth's order - and even that reflection is thin. Past it lies danger. Complete and utter peril, beyond what sane minds can begin to imagine, and that ignorance is a mercy most will never realize they've been granted."

"...I'm not supposed to be hearing any of this, am I?"

"Not at all.'

Figures

"Not as you are now, at least."

I blinked as she leaned in and put her hand on my shoulder.

The grip was rough, but it was firm, and her voice was suddenly iron.

"This is the last we'll talk of it for now, but commit this warning to memory regardless."

Her eyes locked onto mine, sharp and unblinking, and suddenly -despite the fact that nothing about her appearance had shifted at all - the intensity of her presence magnified.

From goddess to goddess in an instant.

"The moon is beyond you. It is beyond even lesser gods, and though reaching it should be all but impossible for you in your current state, I learned long ago not to underestimate the… creative lunacy demigods can find themselves hurled into, willingly or otherwise."

"..."

If you find yourself on a path that even whispers of leading you there, you will not take a single step without my knowledge. And should you reach it in spite of all that… you call for me at once. No one else - not even your father."

"..."

"Do you understand?"

"...Loud and clear." I finally managed, my voice a little weak. I even went for a smile, but that flopped towards the end. "No creative lunacy here, Aunt A. Scout's honor. I'll let the old-school heroes keep their high scores there."

She blinked, before snorting again and leaning back.

As she did, that little extra oomph in the air faded away, and I could suddenly breathe easy again.

Nice.

That had been just this side of terrifying.

"Those 'old-school heroes', as you put it, boasted idiots of the highest order, - one reason for the consistent tragedies."

Another smile pulled at her lips, lighter and more fleeting.

"And while a touch of idiocy is a criterion you meet quite comfortably-"

My eye twitched.

"Hey!

"-I do have higher hopes for you than the relics of a bygone era." She reached over and poked me in the forehead, before ruffling my hair lightly and leaning away just as quickly. "Keep your head on straight, and you'll do fine."

The sincerity was quiet, like everything else about her, but entirely genuine - I could feel it.

"Oh."

I went to say something, but she wasn't finished.

"And to that end-"

Another flash of silver lanced out, and a weight settled on my lap.

I stared.

Just a little.

"-Your father already gave you the bow." She sounded just the teensiest bit disgruntled about it, or maybe that was just me. "You might as well have the full set."

It was a quiver.

Leather and wood with a polished glow, a reinforced mouth so the arrows inside couldn't spill out, and a sturdy-looking strap.

Magical, too, but subtle.

Nothing in-your-face special... but good.

Really good.

The arrows were still the bigger deal - power practically radiated off them. When I drew one out, it was off-white with a silver shine running up and down the shaft, the material smooth and almost glassy against my fingertips.

"Dragon bone," Artemis murmured. "From the beast you felled - Smaug, was it?"

I nodded silently, a little wide-eyed.

Can you blame me?

"They've been blessed," she continued, "and they are reusable, to an extent. But nothing lasts forever, so fire them sparingly when the need calls for it, and use your best judgment in between."

...Man.

First Dad, and now her too?

I have the weirdest family in the universe, bar none.

"...Thanks, Aunt Artemis." I slung the quiver over my shoulder and tried not to look too awkward doing it. "I won't disappoint you."

Fingers crossed.

"Just do your best, nephew. I'll accept nothing else."

"Right."

She sighed wryly- and the sound was almost fond, this time - and gave my hair one last ruffle before she rose to her feet and started brushing invisible dust off her cargo pants.

"Chiron and your friend will have finished up with the other gello by now. Wait for them here."

I got up too.

"You're leaving?"

"I have responsibilities to attend to. We'll meet again another time."

Obviously.

"I guess this is goodbye, then?"

"For now."

I nodded, accepting that at face value - then I paused.

"Wait, does that mean I can have my spear back now?"

It was her who'd taken it - another test, probably.

The question got me one last smirk thrown over her shoulder.

"It never left your reach."

And with a shower of dissolving light, she was gone.

I didn't even blink - I was used to it by now.

Never left my reach?

What was that-?

I blinked.

No.

No way-

But it was true.

I reached for the extended space inside my storage band, and there was Serpent's Downfall, hanging around like it'd never left.

It probably hadn't - she'd teleported it right back where it came from and I never even noticed.

I glared up at the sky on the double.

"Now that's just mean!"

The wind picked up around me for a second, and I swear I could hear a faint laugh on the breeze before it evened out again.

Awesome.

When she said I need practice without using 'advantageous tools', I thought she'd stop at forbidding Incinerate Anthem.

It made all kinds of sense, considering I was fighting a dark spirit and its undead lackeys - the Holy Cross was the mother of all overkill there.

Then again, considering the claws on that gello, maybe I should just be glad she didn't make me do without the armour.

...This time, at least.

With that cheery little thought in my head, I sat back around and started eating my way through the fruit bowl, waiting for Sai and Chiron to get back.

It didn't take too long - barely ten minutes later, and they appeared in a shimmer of displaced air.

Chiron, naturally, looked just fine.

Iconic tea mug and everything.

Sairaorg was standing on two feet just as well, but there was a nasty gash running down the side of his head where he must've gotten clipped, a little dirt here and there, and his shirt was a write-off.

"Had a good trip?"

He gave me a flat look.

"Vampires su-"

"Already beat you to that pun."

"Damn it!"

I laughed and tossed him a fig, and Chiron too when he raised a brow.

"Oho? A fine treat to start the day."

"Yep. Complete with a potential dose of existential horror."

Chiron didn't miss a beat.

"What kind? There are several dozen just off the top of my head."

"That tracks."

"We talked about the moon."

I was half-kidding, just throwing it out there like that, but for an instant, Chiron's face blanked out.

Like, scarily so.

Even Sai pulled back abruptly, and the shadows at his feet bubbled where Courage must have sensed the shift in his mood.

"Teach?"

"It's nothing."

The words said one thing, but his tone was more than a little distant for a beat.

Far, far away.

"Just an old memory."

Sai and I didn't buy that - not with that kind of reaction - and we exchanged a hesitant look.

"Should we ask?"

Do you want to talk about it?

"You can try, but you won't get an answer as of yet." Chiron shot back, quickly bouncing back from... whatever that was. "I trust Lady Artemis has given you due warning, Daniel?"

"Like you wouldn't believe."

"Good. Then we'll cover it in a touch more detail as your lessons progress, and nowhere else."

And that was that - end of discussion.

Neither of us argued the point.

After a year, give or take a couple months, we both knew full well when Chiron would and wouldn't budge.

The fact that he wouldn't was just as big a red flag as Artemis's warning, honestly, and worst comes to worst?

I could always ask Dad the next time we meet up.

"So now what?"

Chiron shrugged.

"I'm thinking lunch."

"... Fair enough."

And we went from there.

...​

A day later:

Before it went up in smoke, I'd had a plan for the day.

Sairaorg wasn't going to be around - something about a visit to his mom's, and a meeting with a couple of devils we'd run into a while back on the very first visit to the estate.

That was a thing, with a whole lot of conversation to cover.

I'll get back to you on that one.

Other than that, I was planning to visit my aunt and uncle at their new place by the beach - and that was another twist that was... going pretty well, actually.

Much better than I think I could have hoped for, given everything.

Don't get me wrong, it wasn't all sunshine and roses, but I think even Aunt Sarah was stunned at how well Uncle David was taking it all.

And the girls?

More complicated, but I was planning on taking'em out for the day and letting them run wild, just this once.

Maybe pick up a few things, too.

There's no point in having a ridiculous fortune if you can't use it a little, and what little kid hasn't dreamed of being able to clear out a shelf at Toys 'R' Us?

But nope.

Fate had other plans.

I was in my room getting changed when I felt it - a blur of magic just past the estate's ward line, loud and obvious.

Not harmful, though.

Not yet.

I teleported right out into the front courtyard, where Chiron was apparently already waiting.

"Are we expecting guests?"

"Not to my knowledge, no." The wily old centaur tilted his head my way in bemused curiosity. "Shall we go see who's at the door?"

And we did.

We walked right down the garden path, onto the foot trail, and made it right up to the gate past the wards before the 'guest' stepped into our line of sight.

"Greetings, honored Lord Chiron."

She had to be around my age, and as far as getups go, hers was out there.

A long, white and black, robe-like dress with blue accents around the fastener binding her cloak in place, and a tall-pointed witch's hat straight out of the movies.

A necklace that shone in the sunlight and was magical, no doubt about it, and long golden-blond hair that fell over her shoulders without a single bend or curl.

For a second, before she refocused on Chiron, her eyes flickered to me, blue on blue in differing shades, and I'll admit that I stared - only for a moment, but still.

I couldn't help it.

She was, hands down, the prettiest girl I've ever seen.

"My name is Lavinia Reni. Apprentice at Grauzauberer, and former resident of the land of Oz." She swallowed nervously, voice stalling on the last few words, and immediately bowed at the waist. "And I desperately need your help."

And that's how that got started.
...

Artemis deciding to let Dan in on some eldritch truths when he thinks he's starting to figure stuff out.

Spoiler: Spoiler
Dan, when he has to rework his entire schedule because the plot has come knocking, with Lavinia Reni at it's head:

Spoiler: Spoiler
As always, leave your comments and ideas, and if you don't like it, please be courteous.
Last edited: Nov 25, 2025
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Ender Wiggen, Doc Sithicus and 903 others
Firewillreign
Nov 24, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks I Sign Up For A Field Trip To Hell - No, Really
View content
Firewillreign
Firewillreign
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 26, 2023
Messages888
Likes received82,880
Dec 8, 2025
Add bookmark
#6,950
At this point, I'm convinced that if Chiron had an official motto or three on how to deal with life's wild curveballs, one of them would probably be something along the lines of: Keep calm, and when in doubt, knock back some next-level tea.

It just fit the bill, you know?

Then again, if we're really going to get into it, you could paraphrase my teacher's most important lessons over the last few months alone and still come up with a whole lineup of demigod-themed inspirational greeting cards, complete with punchy one-liners.

A wise warrior checks for trap. A wiser one assumes everything IS a trap.

Know when to be brave, and when to very heroically retreat - also known as running away. Dignity is optional.

If it looks harmless, it's not. If it looks dangerous, it's definitely worse - like chickens.

Beware The Chicken.

That sort of thing - and no, we're not gonna talk about that last one.

We never talk about The Chicken.

Sairaorg and I swore a vow and everything.

Moving on now:

The point is, Chiron was a gold-tier professional at taking everything in stride.

Case in point?

Not five minutes after Lavinia Reni showed up at the front gate, the three of us had moved back across the estate, settling into one of the peristyles Chiron kept aside for guests - A breezy courtyard with patterned Doric columns rounding it off from the rest of the house, white marble flooring shot through with artsy mosaics, and the faint scent of fresh greenery and fading summer roses seeping through the air like earthy soil and sun-dried fruit rolled into one.

Fancy, but in a classy, not-in-your-face sort of way.

We sat there at a little table, with just the right blend of cloudy shade and warm sunlight over our heads, and Chiron laid out food and drinks by hand - plates of olives and cheese, sliced bread, and a platter of soft-baked honey cakes next to a steaming pot of tea and a pitcher of grape juice.

Symbolically, that was some serious stuff.

Not the food itself, or the common courtesy behind the act, but the bigger meaning of it all

Xenia - the ancient Greek guest rites.

Back in the day, a good host had a duty to treat guests with dignity and respect, give them food and shelter, and make sure they were safe for as long as they stayed under a shared roof.

In exchange for that protection and making them feel at home, a guest had to behave, not steal anything, and generally be polite enough that the host didn't immediately regret all their recent life choices.

A two-way street, and win-win all around.

There was more to it than just that, of course, but when push came to shove, it was one of those things that greased the wheels and kept society from tearing apart at the seams.

Heck, it was so important that even the gods got in on the action and upheld the concept - Zeus himself was sometimes Zeus Xenios, protector of strangers.

Apparently, old Thunder Gramps really didn't like it when folks played fast and loose with the sacred laws of hospitality.

He had a whole gimmick - theoxenia - where he'd disguise himself as a harmless traveller and pop up around Greece at will, knocking on people's doors and checking to see if they were on the up and up.

If you treated your 'harmless guest' right, then atta boy!

You were officially a respectable Greek citizen, and on a good day, you might even luck out into a blessing or two.

Sunshine and roses for everybody!

If you didn't treat him right, though... if you tried to pull any funny business at all...

Well, that's what the lightning bolts were for.

Don't be a jerk, because you might really regret it down the line - that's what guest rights boiled down to in the end.

Taller order than some would think, because Greeks and all that, but what can you do?

On the bright side, Chiron was never the smite-happy type, and right then and there, Lavinia Reni didn't seem like the sort of lunatic who'd tempt fate, either.

If anything, she was very careful not to so much as twitch, beyond smiling tensely as my teacher took his seat in human form and gestured for us to dig in.

"Please."

"Thanks."

"Thank you."

It wasn't really a meal - just a formality.

I snagged a slice of bread and some cheese, Lavinia took a tiny cake for the sheer principle of the thing, and we both went for our mugs the second he was done pouring the tea.

"I am Chiron of Pelion," he raised his own cup tellingly, and kept his voice firm and gentle. "Be welcome in my home, and partake in the blessings of my table."

"I am grateful for the hospitality," Lavinia said, nodding politely before taking a slow, measured sip - then she blinked. "This is amazing."

It was - honeyed, leafy and with a hint of something lemony towards the end.

Maybe even a drop of Nectar added for the extra kick.

"I would hope so," he leaned back and arched a brow. "It would reflect quite poorly on me if I were to serve you something inedible."

"Oh!" Her cheeks flushed a pretty pink colour, and my lips twitched and curved up at the edges. "I didn't mean-"

"I know." There was nothing mean-spirited about Chiron's snort, and he waved off the protest easily enough. "A jest, nothing more."

"Don't worry about it," I agreed, and they both turned to stare my way expectantly. "It'll take a lot more than ragging on tea to get on his nerves. Just look at me: been here for the better part of a year, and even though my general existence is apparently 'an exercise in protracted patience', or whatever else people like to call it-"

"With good reason." Chiron didn't miss a beat.

"-he still hasn't zapped me into charcoal."

"Though I am ever and always tempted," he finished dryly, and then I yelped as he cuffed me upside the head for good measure. "Now introduce yourself properly, before you make a poor first impression."

"C'mon, Chiron." I rubbed the back of my head and smiled innocently. "I don't make poor impressions."

"Oh?"

"Nope. I make impressions, period. And lots of'em, all the time." I shrugged and turned back to Lavinia. "Good or bad or lukewarm in between - that's for everyone else to decide."

…

I know.

Hands down, the stupidest-sounding thing I've ever said.

It was so corny you could open a farm with it and make a killing selling home-grown, all organic goofy embarrassment for the rest of eternity, and the one after that, too.

Just... ugh.

But in my defence?

Lavinia laughed.

Not all that loud - really just this light, airy giggle - and suddenly I was trying my hardest not to grin like an absolute idiot.

Weird, that.

"That sounds very wise." She smiled at me, and her shoulders loosened a fraction - just enough for me to notice. "And for what it's worth, I think you're making a very good one."

"See, that's how I know you're pretty cool too."

...

I almost twitched in place.

Really, brain?

That's the best you could come up with?

For real?

If she noticed me dying inside, she was nice enough to ignore it, and I quickly switched tracks and held out my hand.

"Daniel Winchester. Student of Chiron."

Son of Apollon before even that, obviously, but name-dropping Dad so early in the morning was an amazing way to make casual conversation anything but.

"Lavinia - but you already knew that."

I sure did.

She hit me with that smile again, and for some reason, I almost missed the exact moment she reached out to take my hand.

"Pleased to-"

Then our fingertips brushed, and woah.

"-Ah!"

We snapped apart, and Chiron leaned forward at once.

No need to ask why - knowing him, he couldn't have missed it.

Somewhere deep inside of me, Incinerate Anthem had just... jolted.

Jumped.

Like it was reacting to something.

I'd never sensed anything quite like it, but whatever it was ended with both of us flinching back, and Lavinia staring at me with wide eyes.

She'd felt it too, and the tension in the air shifted all over again.

"What-?"

"Perhaps it's time to move on," Chiron said, voice rolling out like a thunderstorm that knew exactly when and where to rumble, and she couldn't not look at him then. "I imagine there is important business to get to, yes?"

A beat.

"... of course." Her eyes flickered back to me for a second, before refocusing on Chiron. "My apologies for the disruption."

"None are needed. Now then." He waved a hand, and the table was cleared and scoured clean in a single flash of muted light. "Shall we begin?"

Lavinia swallowed - quickly, quietly, but not hard to miss if you were looking for it - and nodded, before clearing her throat and beginning to speak.

"I've come here today, Lord Chiron, to request your aid in petitioning the gods of the Olympian council... on behalf of another."

She didn't give either of us a chance to cut in.

"A little over four months ago, Lord Phoebus Apollon and Lady Artemis Agrotera descended on the Land of Oz. They declared that a representative of Oz - one of the great Four Witches - had scorned Olympus itself, and that they intended to answer sin with judgement."

I blinked.

Four months ago-

...

I... knew what this was about, and an uneasy shiver ghosted down my spine.

The wizards of Oz.

Augusta.

"And judge they did."

No way.

Olympians or no, they wouldn't have gone overboard.

Dad mentioned 'reparations', but-

"The domains of the witches were razed to the ground. Incinerated beyond recovery. The people there... the innocents were spared, every last one-"

Oh thank Rhea.

I exhaled under my breath and deflated an inch, but Lavinia didn't.

"-but..." She hesitated, biting her lip and trying to gather her nerves in real time. Beneath the table, her fingers tightened on her knees.
"Oz... I won't pretend it was a paradise when I left, or that it ever was at all. Like Grauzauberer, Golden Dawn, and all the other great magician organisations that exist in the world, it's the powerful who rule first and foremost, and the rest scrabble in the dirt for all the leftover crumbs they can find-"

She hesitated, before firming herself again.

"- and by whatever means they can use to hold onto them. It's cutthroat and brutal and ugly from top to bottom, and morality in the games that follow is a polite fiction at best. Even then, there's always someone who stoops further down, sinking to lows so awful they shouldn't exist at all, let alone be mentioned in polite company."

I... didn't react to that - or the touch of bitterness in the words.

Neither did Chiron.

Not yet.

"But not everyone falls that far." She said, voice changing a shade - something halfway in between fragile and determined, with a pinch of hope to even things out. "And there is no rule that says people who made old mistakes can't be redeemed."

The way she said it...

"Is that right?" Chiron was faster on the draw, naturally, and interlocked his fingers as he gave her a level look. "And who is it you think is redeemed, or is otherwise capable or deserving of the chance to try?"

"I-"

She stopped, expression flickering with uncertainty.

"Well?" He prodded, and even though it wasn't harsh, it was insistent. "Tell me: on whose behalf do you intend to speak, Lavinia Reni?"

For a second, the question seemed to stump her.

Then her eyes caught mine again, and that determination seemed to kick right back in as she spoke.

"My teacher, Lord Chiron." She nodded carefully, firming up to prove a point. "Glenda Silverbrook, the Land of Oz's former Witch Of The South."

Another beat.

"Interesting." He murmured, nodding slowly. "I'm familiar with the name."

Whatever answer she was expecting, it wasn't that.

"You are?"

"Keeping abreast of magical communities beyond one's own is an excellent habit to get into." He answered calmly. "And even if I didn't practice what I preach, as the saying goes, recent events would have drawn my attention to Oz and its more infamous practitioners regardless."

Recent events being code for: "that one time a psychotic pyromaniac on an ego trip almost crème brûléed my students."

Just in case you haven't been paying attention.

"Oh." She didn't shrink back, but I could tell a part of her wanted to. "Then you know-?"

"More of the circumstances that prompted the gods' retaliation than you do? I would imagine so." Chiron shook his head as her footing seemed to waver, just a little. "I also know that said context is, as of this moment, irrelevant."

"I-"

She went to speak, but he raised a hand and stopped her cold.

"You are here for a reason, Miss Reni. Whatever drives you was grave enough to bring you all this way. Do not squander further time and effort defending a point before you've even made it."

...

The silence after that one didn't last long, but it landed with weight.

Not hard - just heavy, awkward and more than a little stilted.

Then-

"Cocytus."

I jerked upright, recognising the name.

The Greek River of wailing lamentation - and a world of punishment for the miserable dead.

Chiron, of course, didn't even blink.

"The magicians who were branded as sinners," Lavinia explained, with the kind of tone people only used when they hated every word they were saying and had to keep going anyway. "They were cast down into one of the Frozen Hells of Torment. Sentenced to spend the rest of their days suffering the weight of their crimes, before death sweeps them away into something... infinitely more final. Glenda was one of the first to go."

"I see."

The implied 'Go on' was loud and clear.

"She- I'm not a fool." She started, inhaling quietly as she course-corrected. "Glenda's lived a very long life, in a very dangerous world - longer than most ordinary people can dream of - and... she must have done things I can not defend. Terrible things. I know that."

"..."

"I also know that she's... important to me. The closest thing I have to family."

What now?

Maybe the surprise radiated outwards - weirder things have happened - because she looked up, steady and brittle all at once.

"I was orphaned young, and Glenda took me in. Took care of me. Trained me. I became a magician because of her, and the only reason I was accepted into Grauzauberer without dangerous people meddling in my life was because of her influence. Everything I have traces back to her, and I can't just leave her to that fate without speaking for her. Without proving that she's not heartless the way so many of the rest can be. At the very least... we never even said goodbye, and I-

Her voice wavered, almost cracking, and I flinched.

Couldn't help it, really.

"I have to see her again."

"And so you come here."

"Yes."

"Why?" Chiron asked placidly. "Spell it out for me. What is it you hope I can do for you, and why would I exert the effort to do so?

It was a good question.

Solid.

Maybe a little cold, too, but it wasn't meant to be cruel.

Practicality just tended to land like a sucker punch either way.

"Your reputation precedes you, lord Chiron. Your wisdom and grace are renowned, even in this quiet era." Lavinia answered quickly - and no way was that speech not rehearsed. "I don't know how to approach the Olympians to beg for clemency on Glenda's behalf. I wouldn't even know where to begin, but if I had your help in appealing to them... if you stood as an intermediary, then the impossible might narrow down to merely improbable, and I can work with that."

She nodded earnestly and clasped her hands on the table, so hard that her knuckles went white.

"I just need the chance."

"So you say." He offered. "And my reason for aiding you in this endeavour?"

"I... don't have anything specific to offer. Certainly nothing immediate that you likely don't possess or can get with effortless ease."

Chiron's brow rose another inch.

"A bold negotiation tactic, but I'm listening."

"But I can offer more with time." Lavinia pressed on. "I've spent years learning magic and honing my skills, and according to nearly any member of Grauzauberer worth asking, I am the most skilled magician of my generation."

Somehow, coming from her, that didn't sound smarmy.

If anything, the words were laced with that special kind of self-awareness that hits a person when they know they're going to sound arrogant as sin and they had to soldier on anyway - and she wasn't done, either.

"I work hard, I keep to my promises, and my word is my bond. If we make an agreement, I will do everything in my power to live up to the terms." Honest and dead serious, all the way through. "And I have plenty of power to spare."

The air shifted.

Just a shade, but the change was there, and none of us missed it.

"Oh?"

She didn't hesitate again.

"I am the current wielder of the Longinus-Class Sacred Gear, Absolute Demise."

...

...

...

Well then.

That's my out.

"Right." I stood up, pushing my chair back as I went, and the sudden tension popped like a soap bubble. "Excuse me. I have to... make a quick call."

Lavinia blinked, confused and a little wary, so I went for a reassuring smile.

A little forced around edges, maybe, but it's the thought that counts.

"You guys keep at it. I'll be right back."

I wasn't lying, either, and Chiron didn't even look at me as he nodded.

"You do that."

Lavinia even smiled back a little.

Just like before, it suited her.

"Good luck."

I threw her a thumbs-up and stepped down a hallway to the right just as Chiron started up again.

"Thank you for letting us know, Miss Reni. As for this hypothetical plan of yours... let's talk details."

...​

I didn't go far... technically.

Crossing the house and jogging out the door was easy, and I flickered away the second I was out, vanishing in a flash of bursting sunlight.

When I reappeared, it was to the side of a quiet little footpath surrounded by trees and greenery on Filopappou Hill, not too far from the Acropolis itself.

The breeze was cool and grassy, and as far as I could sense, nothing much in the way of mortals too close for comfort.

Good.

This was Athens, so there were protections to stop supernatural weirdness from breaking the masquerade, but those things had in-built stress limits and it was better not to tempt fate anyway.

Every Greek hero learned that eventually.

I looked up at the sun and sighed, letting the feel of it and the harmless glare wash over my face as I breathed in, before finally closing my eyes and focusing outwards.

'Dad? You got a minute?'

The response was pretty much instant.

'For you?'

The presence was suddenly there, attentive and curling around me with a familiar, easy warmth.

Titanic and endless, but still safe.

'Always.'

And poof.

Apollon appeared just like I had, materialising out of a wave of wafting gold and stepping onto the grass beside me.

This time, I smiled for a whole other sort of reason.

"Morning, Dad."

"And a good one at that, isn't it?" He answered lightly, adjusting his cufflinks before reaching over to give my hair a good ruffle. "That said, while I'd never refuse such a happy surprise, I do remember us being on for lunch towards the end of the week, no?"

"We are." I'll explain later. "This is… something else."

"Then by all means - let's walk and talk," He tilted his head leadingly, and we both started moving up the hiking trail towards Filopappou's summit. "What ails you, my son?"

"Nothing ails me. See, there's this girl-"

"Ah, I see."

I paused.

"You do?"

"But of course." He threw his hand around my shoulders and pulled me in with a knowing smirk. "It's only natural, after all."

"It is?"

"Indeed. I'm happy you came to me with this, and don't you worry - your father will teach you everything you need to know about wooing yourself a partner-"

I nearly missed a step choking on air.

"Wait, what!?"

"-Or multiple partners, there's no need to be stingy-"

"Dad, no!"

"No?" His face creased with confusion so fake you could buy it at a dollar store with a quarter. "Then you don't find this girl attractive?"

"No-! Wait, yes!" My face went crimson. "But no!"

…She was very pretty.

He nodded solemnly, like he could read the stray, mortified thought right off the top of my head - and he probably could if he wanted to.

"I understand. You're a little confused, but you've got the spirit. We'll work on that. That said, you are at the age where you should know the basics, yes? Because if not, we'll have to have a certain Talk…"

And just like that, I went from red to green in no time flat.

"No."

"Tut tut. Mixed signals. We'll have to work on that too."

"Dad, I will pray if that's what it takes." I looked him dead in the eyes and begged shamelessly. "Please stop."

That - finally - got the god to laugh.

"Oh, very well. I won't push...for now."

Seriously?

I stared flatly, but that didn't wipe the smirk off his face.

"Did you really have to add that last part in?"

"It's the best you're getting, and you should be grateful for it."

I opened my mouth, raised a finger... and dropped it right back down again.

That was actually a good point.

"You know what? I'll take it."

"That would be wise."

"Moving on now - About that girl. Lavinia Reni."

"Yes?"

"She's a magician. From Grauzauberer."

His amusement faded, slowly replaced with something sharp and eerily quiet.

"Is that so?"

"Yeah. She's also from the Land of Oz." The focus grew colder at the name. "And a couple of other things too."

I speed-ran him through that cheery little mess of a conversation we'd all sat through, and by the time I got to the Longinus, I couldn't tell what he was thinking anymore.

At least not until he sighed and looked away, eyes flashing off-gold with deadpan irritation.

"I'd say I'm surprised, but what would be the point? It's always those insufferable Gears."

... Not what I was expecting, that.

"Is Absolute Demise really that big a deal?"

"On its own, and without an exceptional wielder?" He shook his head. "Hardly. It's no Telos Karma, and certainly no Spear of Destiny. The greatest annoyance it could have posed is a moot point now, and stems not from raw potential, but its very nature as a Longinus."

"In what way?"

"They're protected from conventional divination."

I stared in surprise.

"You mean you can't scry for them?"

He tilted his hand in that universal 'so-so' move.

"Not quite. The Thirteen are difficult to observe or path with any measure of simple foresight before they're awakened by the current host. A built-in defensive measure maintained by the Heavenly System that oversees their dispersal, and one part of what makes them so disruptive when left unchecked."

I didn't have to think hard to connect the dots there.

The answer was obvious.

"...Because otherwise, people wouldn't wait for the wielders to grow up and tap into all that dangerous power. They'd just go out of them early."

"Correct. The protections fade - or become less costly to overstep - as the wielders take up their gifted abilities, but most with any claim to intelligence will let those chosen mortals run freely where they can keep an eye out for them. Unless or until they overstep, that is, thereby voiding the risk of... complications."

Huh.

Good to know.

"All that aside, it is curious, isn't it?" His eyes flickered back to me with intent. "Regulus Nemea. Incinerate Anthem. And now Absolute Demise. All three in close proximity, and within mere months at that. It is... almost foreboding."

There was some meaning there - something complicated - but he didn't linger on it.

"As for the girl, and her plea..." The words came out low and musing. "I'm almost tempted to reject it out of hand. The Land of Oz was ravaged for a reason."

I winced, and he didn't miss it.

"You disapprove?"

"It's not that."

I really didn't.

The innocents were spared - anything else would have been impossible to stomach - and even Lavinia admitted the rest of the magicians were nothing but bad news.

Everything else...

Look, I'll never admit it out loud - not in a million years plus interest - but in a world this dangerous behind the scenes, a tiny part of me actually liked knowing I had Chiron and Dad and Aunt A on my side.

I didn't want anyone fighting my battles for me.

Ever.

Call it mandatory demigod pride.

But knowing someone was watching your back like that, ready to step in if things ever went really sideways…

Yeah. Didn't feel bad at all.

"The scope of it is a bit much, that's all. And the ugliness doesn't help."

"Ugly is too shallow a word." He snorted humourlessly. "Until we descended on that impudent little 'nation', I hadn't seen Artemis so wroth in decades."

"That bad?"

"Far worse. The very first of them you encountered shredded the life and soul of the former Nemean Lion's host, inadvertently contributing to the beast's imperfect incarnation." His sardonic smile darkened dangerously. "The second dared to harm you, just as she was finished slaughtering the rest to prove a point. Those experiences should set your expectations."

They did.

Augusta was a deranged nutter, and that glowing personality was all the rage where she came from.

Wonderful.

"Wanton cruelty, inhuman experimentation, and most anything in between... being cast into Cocytus was a well-deserved fate for all of them. I daresay the tormented men, women and children who were freed in the aftermath would tell you the same."

Yikes.

"I'll take your word for it."

"Good."

"So..." I trailed off quietly. "That's a no on Lavinia's request, then?"

I didn't have a horse in that race, but I could tell she was desperate, and... it rankled.

Even if Glenda Silverbrook didn't deserve it, her student care about her.

That had to mean something, right?

Apollon looked at me for a long second, before letting out a low, considering hum.

"If it were anyone else asking, I would refuse to indulge just about any of this. The very idea of any form of leniency to those I personally deem worthy of Cocytus, regardless of who appeals for it and why... under most circumstances, it would be a poor joke at best."

I perked up.

"But?"

"But," He breathed in lightly, glancing at me with this indecipherable look - so about the usual, then. "This involves you, to one extent or another, and it could be a good learning opportunity. In more ways than one."

"...Why does that sound so ominous?"

He huffed an amused breath and let the question slide off into silence for a bit. Instead of carrying on, we walked for another minute or so, right up until we crested over the path and reached the hilltop.

From there, the entire city sprawled outwards like a wave, all white buildings and terracotta rooftops surrounding the Acropolis and the Parthenon that glinted in the sun above it.

Downright panoramic.

Eventually, though, Dad got back to business.

"I won't speak to this girl on her mentor's fate, and neither will Artemis - not yet."

"Yet?"

"Yet." He agreed, and his voice suddenly hardened like iron. "Instead, with and only with Chiron's supervision, I will allow you both to descend to Cocytus."

What?

I turned to face him head-on.

"You're serious?"

"I am. If the girl wishes to plead for her mentor, let her speak to the woman first, and see her as she truly is, stripped of all glamours and deceit. Then we'll see if she still wishes to defend her fate."

It sounded fair out loud.

It'd probably look good on paper, too.

None of that stopped my stomach from twisting a little, because the words were just a little too knowing to pass off as nothing.

"You don't think this is going to go well for her, do you?"

"Some truths, my son, don't owe anyone comfort." He gave me a level - just neutral enough to back up the words. "They need only be honest, for better or for worse."

I had nothing to say to that.

"Anything else?"

"Yes."

Figures.

"Your devil friend - He won't accompany you to Cocytus." He said, and the explanation came too quickly for me to protest the point. "Chiron will give you the details, if you wish, but suffice it to say that taking a member of his species anywhere near Hades's domain would be an exceptionally poor decision to make."

"...The devils did a stupid there too?"

"Well done. You've just summarized most of their collective history in a single phrase. Truly, my pride knows no bounds."

We both snorted, and that uneasiness gnawing at the back of my head faded away - enough that we passed the rest of that little time in easy silence.

Towards the end, though... things got a little more interesting.

It started when Apollon was just about to leave.

"No more questions, then?" He gave me a last look, and I shrugged. "Good. Then it's about time you got back to your teacher and his guest."

He wasn't wrong.

If they hadn't wrapped up by now, I could slide right back into that conversation and tell Chiron that we had a field trip to get ready for.

Then my Dad cracked a smile.

"And this time, try and have a quiet adventure if you can help it. At the very least, with Chiron at your side, you shouldn't be running into any more Longinus - what was that?"

I don't know how it happened.

No idea - not one.

But it did.

He started talking, my mind went places, and the next thing I knew, he caught something off my face and stopped cold.

Naturally, I panicked.

"What was what?

"The way you reacted just now. You know something."

"So does everyone else on the planet, Dad." I laughed nervously and internally cursed my brain out in ways that didn't even qualify as human language anymore. "Gonna have to be more specific."

His eyes narrowed.

"Son."

Crap.

It wasn't even threatening - just pure, parent-classic 'I know, and you know that I know, so fess up you little punk' energy.

Terrifying, right?

"What aren't you telling me?

Many things.

Seriously, so many things.

Secrets that I was getting closer and closer to clueing him in on every day, because at this point, residual wariness was starting to shift into guilt and I hated how it felt.

Still.

I couldn't tell him yet.

Not so soon, and not in the middle of this.

Not until I planned it out properly - That was a fact.

And yet, even though I knew that...

I still went with my gut, opened my mouth, and threw out the first deflection I could think of.

"I know who this generation's Red Dragon Emperor is."

"..."

"..."

"…"

"… Would you like to elaborate on that?"

"Uh... not particularly, but thank you for asking?"

"Daniel."

Damn it.

"Sorry. Worth a shot."

It really wasn't.

Gods, why do I even talk?

"Well?"

"There's not much to say. I've been practicing with my scrying and trying to get some more use out of Incinerate Anthem, and when I mix the two, things get interesting."

A technical truth that had nothing to do with anything I was saying, but we'd played this game before.

Odds are, he knew exactly what I was doing here, but he didn't push, and I didn't question it.

That could come later.

"And the Red Dragon Emperor?"

"I actually don't know all that much about him." Almost completely honest there. "His name is Issei Hyoudou, and he lives in some little town in Japan. Kuho?"

Apollon's eyes flashed gold, for just a split second.

"Kuoh Town. A small footnote in the Nerima Ward of the greater Tokyo Metropolitan Prefecture."

"...Sure? I wouldn't know?" I shrugged a little helplessly. "That's about it. I think he's a few years younger than me, and if that holds then he probably hasn't been recruited or even awakened the Boosted Gear yet-"

"Recruited?"

Ah.

I grimaced.

He didn't miss it.

"Recruited?" The repetition was very, very pointed. "Recruited by who, exactly?"

"..."

Yeah, there was no sugar coating this next bit.

"A devil."

"..."

You could have heard a pin drop after that.

Even the wind seemed to hold its breath, and I only managed not to cringe that much harder through sheer force of will.

"Again, it hasn't happened yet, and for what it's worth, the devil who recruits him is on the up and up."

Which wasn't the problem, but I was obligated to play just a little nice there, given that she was Sairaorg's cousin and all.

That counts for something...until proven otherwise.

"..."

"... Dad, I know dramatic silences are pretty on-brand for phenomenally powerful beings in our world, but you're really starting to freak me out here."

That, at least, got a response.

He blinked, snapping out of the marble-statue impression he'd been holding for the last thirty-something seconds.

"Ah. You'll have to forgive me."

His eyes panned out, passing over the city, the Acropolis and lingering on the Parthenon for a minute before shifting back to me again.

"It's not often that I'm so... thoroughly blindsided. Foresight is a point of pride for me, believe it or not."

I would have cracked a grin at the joke if I hadn't noticed how faraway he still sounded.

Like his mind was somewhere else entirely.

Call me crazy, but that didn't leave me feeling warm and fuzzy inside.

"You know you shouldn't take my word for it, right? I barely know anything about the guy."

Besides things I'd rather forget for the rest of forever, and then some.

"And even if I did, the future isn't set in stone, right?"

Unless the Fates got involved, but to hell with that noise.

Nobody liked them anyway.

"No." He agreed quietly, eyes distant and locked in thought. "No, it most certainly is not."

"Dad?"

"It's nothing. Merely an idle thought or two. We can talk it over another time. For now," He reached over and gently flicked my temple. "You have other matters to attend to."

Of course.

Chiron and Lavinia were waiting.

I still hesitated.

Dropping a bomb like that and leaving without giving him more in the way of answers...

It didn't feel right.

There was nothing I could do about it now, but...

...

Maybe the lies - direct or otherwise - were eating at me more than I wanted to admit.

"I..."

Like every other time before, he must have seen something when he looked at me, and the distance in his gaze softened into something that was all sorts of fond.

"What are you waiting for? Go." He patted me on the shoulder and gave me a little shove. "We'll have plenty of time to catch up when you're done."

...

Fine.

"Right." I nodded firmly and shoved everything else to the back of my head- game face time. "I'll get right on that."

One conversation to go, and then a trip to the River of Damnation, and all the tormented souls within.

How hard could it be?

I prepared to teleport back-

"And don't forget: if you want that girl to like you back, confidence is key."

-andfortheloveof-!

"Dad!"

By the time I whirled around, he'd already vanished, laughter melting into the fading breeze.


...​

Elsewhere:

The messenger stepped into the room with only the faintest of tremors wracking his spine.

The reaction couldn't be helped.

Inside, two figures sat across from one another.

The first was an eerily unassuming middle-aged man in a suit, dark hair neatly combed, and an expression of blank, easy calm resting across his face.

The other...

He could not be seen at all, shrouded in shadow, and for all that the vague silhouette matched…

He was not human.

Far from it.

Together, their very presence soaked the room in a sense of effortless, blood-curdling danger.

"Well?"

"We've tracked the girl down, sir." The messenger swallowed. "Athens."

"Ah." The man frowned. "The centaur's domain. How unfortunately problematic."

His companion said nothing - not quite yet.

"Sir, with respect… we can still seize this opportunity."

The man in the suit raised an eyebrow, and the messenger straightened, emboldened by the attention.

"We have four of our elite hunter squads at the ready, and support from... the creatures. If we strike quickly, when the target least suspects it-"

Then he died.

No warning. No chance to react.

Gone between one breath and the next, reduced to less than dust in a column of searing light that incinerated him and punched a burning hole through the wall behind him with a crackling hiss.

The man in the suit didn't flinch at his subordinate's fate.

Instead, he aimed a mild, unimpressed glare over across the room.

"I thought I warned you not to strike out against my subordinates, Fallen."

"Oh, spare me." The dry snort batted the reprimand away, and the finger that fired off that killing blow dropped down in a lazy arc. "That one obviously had a death wish. I just cut out the middle-man and helped him over the finish line, just like he wanted - wasn't that nice of me?"

"I thought you and your team enjoyed a good challenge."

"No, Mister Section Head." The title came out dripping with irreverence.
"I enjoy a good fight. A rush that makes the blood run before the kill. That doesn't make me suicidal. I was in Greece in '41, when the humans played at their war and the rest of us skirmished across a hundred battlefields the world over. I saw firsthand what that centaur did to the idiots who tried stirring up trouble in his backyard, and anyone who thinks going up against that would end well is too damned stupid to let live."

A pause.

"I wasn't aware the factions of the Grigori had battled the Trainer of Heroes."

"They didn't. A few idiots went looking for trouble and it found them right back, and if the brass had tried to order me into throwing my hat in that nightmare of a ring, I would walked long before the boss split from Azazel and the rest of his Cadre."

Another snort echoed between them.

"Don't poke the horse if you know what's good for you. It won't end well."

The man in the suit considered that carefully, but he was undeterred - Need must, and there was work to be done.

"The girl is important to the Agency. With both the Witches out of our reach, she might very well possess valuable information. If nothing else, her sacred gear-"

"I know. I didn't say we let her go - I'm a professional, and the boss expects results."

He did indeed.

"We only have to sidestep the centaur."

"And you consider that a realistic goal?"

After all that waffle?

"Not even close. One sidestep, and things will go to hell in a handbasket and we're all screwed, but if we time it just right..."

He trailed off leadingly, and the man in the suit contemplated his words carefully.

Great risk. Great reward.

What to do?

"..."

"..."

Were he a lesser man, the Section Head would have sighed.

The answer was obvious - Needs must, and there was work to be done.

"...What do you have in mind?"

And the Fallen Angel laughed.

...
​
Chiron watching Dan and Lavinia interact:

Spoiler: Spoiler


Apollon on the outside when Dan mentions the devils recruiting the Red Dragon Emperor:

Spoiler: Spoiler

Apollon on the inside when Dan mentions the devils recruiting the Red Dragon Emperor.

Spoiler: Spoiler

As always, leave your comments and ideas, and if you don't like it, please be courteous.
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Ender Wiggen, odinori and 921 others
Firewillreign
Dec 8, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
1
2
  Next
Jump to new
Threadmarks
Index
Appendix
Extras
View content
11 more messages…
Heliel43



Write your reply...
Empty

 Post reply
 
More options
Share:
Reddit
Pinterest
Tumblr
WhatsApp
Email
Link
Similar threads
Daisyberry
Thread watched
 [NSFW] Quest Beneath Moonlit Seas (PJO/DXD)
Daisyberry Jul 7, 2026 Words: 14k 1 ... 4 5 6 adventure daisyberry high school dxd
Replies158
Views25K
Aug 4, 2026
DanteWolf15
DanteWolf15
[NSFW] Percy Jackson and The Self Isekai (PJO/DxD)
DarthInteresting Apr 27, 2026 Words: 15k 1 2 game like system harem high school dxd au
Replies37
Views9K
May 13, 2026
VaticToxic
Darkscythe Drake
Thread watched
 [NSFW] From Sunset to Star Rise [Fate/PJO]
Darkscythe Drake Aug 20, 2026 Words: 4.9k 1 2 3 crossover discuss i demand it fate
Replies63
Views5K
Wednesday at 22:49
SirGalahad
SirGalahad
abel targayen
[NSFW] Horseman of War (High School DxD SI)
abel targayen May 25, 2026 Words: 27k 1 ... 6 7 8 genocide high school dxd high school dxd au
Replies223
Views23K
Jul 28, 2026
XXxxxadisxxxXX
XXxxxadisxxxXX
 [NSFW] Thunder in the Skies(Enel si) One Piece/ High School DxD
Godofdestroet66@4 Aug 18, 2026 Words: 6k akeno himejima high school dxd issei
Replies15
Views2K
Today at 11:37
igfry
igfry
Forums NSFW NSFW Creative Writing 
Style chooser
Contact usTerms and rulesPrivacy policyHelpRSS
Community platform by XenForo® © 2010-2024 XenForo Ltd. Design by: Pixel Exit

Questionable Questing
 
Forums 
What's new 
Members 
Heliel43
New posts 
Watched 
New threadmarks 
Mark forums read
Forums NSFW NSFW Creative Writing 
[NSFW] Sun's Valour (PJO SI/Multicross - DXD Start)
 Thread starterFirewillreign  Start dateFeb 16, 2025  Tagsadventure fate series high school dxd lord of the rings multiverse percy jackson and the olympians
Prev  
1
2
 
Jump to new
Ignore
Unwatch

Thread Tools
Threadmarks
Index
Appendix
Extras
View content
Threadmarks Interlude: The Frostbound Witch
View content
Firewillreign
Firewillreign
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 26, 2023
Messages888
Likes received82,880
Dec 14, 2025
Add bookmark
#7,565
Surprise!


A pure-blood devil, an Olympian demigod, the Greatest Nemean Lion Of Old, and a witch in training to round out the lot.

Three of the Thirteen Longinus Sacred Gears between them, renowned the world over.

All crossing his path in one way or another, ending up under his roof - in under a year at that.

In so quiet an era as this, such omens could cloud even the most level-headed mind with suspicion, and why would they not?

The Creator of the Gears was well known for His grand machinations, and having such raw potential appearing to concentrate in one spot was a red flag if there ever was one.

Naturally, that alone wasn't all Chiron was left to contemplate.

Of course not.

The conversation he'd had with his students after their quest for the Fleece took such paltry, mundane misgivings and doused them in copious amounts of kerosene and dragonflame - and that was putting it lightly.

God is dead.

Three short words, with a potential enormity that betrayed most any language in existence.

Almost ludicrous to entertain. Cataclysmic if true.

Yet, paradoxically, it was a revelation of such weight that it immediately looped back into near-uselessness when one considered its sheer scope and the simple reality that it was nearly impossible to verify discreetly.

Not without triggering consequences best left in the depths of the nightmares that spawned them.

Heaven had no shortage of enemies, after all, and it was far from powerless in return.

The Angelic hierarchy yet remained.

The Great Seraphs endured.

Michael the Taxiarch existed — and that alone was enough. He had likely Mantled His Father's Throne.

To say nothing of the Heavenly System itself.

That power…

For all of its infamy, few could even guess at the full breadth of its function, and the fact that Daniel simply hadn't - or couldn't - bring up what he somehow knew before was... disquieting, to say the least.

...

Nevertheless.

He took a quiet sip of his tea, eyes briefly flickering to Lavinia Reni, who had remained silent after making her impassioned plea, and shelved the entire line of thought for another time.

There were priorities at hand.

Though speaking of said student... Any second now-

Sunlight bloomed off to the side, and Daniel reappeared in the courtyard in a flare of golden brilliance.

"I'm back."

"I'm aware," Chiron answered dryly, utterly unsurprised.

He'd sensed Apollon's descent and subsequent departure in real time - the prompt return was expected.

Lavinia, on the other hand, had risen halfway out of her seat in startled wonder.

"How did you...?" Her brows furrowed. "No teleportation circle. Something more complex? But there was no structured dispersal phenomenon... maybe the light?"

Daniel blinked, and Chiron raised a brow.

"Uh, no. That wasn't it." His student gave the girl a sheepish smile. "I only went across town, and using a geometric transportation array for something like that is kind of a waste - and that's just for circles. Going with anything more complicated on a short solo trip is-"

"Elaborate, unnecessary, and more performative than useful." Lavinia agreed without missing a beat. "Using circles as a base is so commonplace precisely because they have the best balance of stability and utility, and-"

"-if you know what you're doing, you can go for broke and upgrade them into something fancier when you need to." Daniel finished with a grin. "Like when you've got passengers hitching a ride. Or baggage. Or both."

"Exactly." The girl began to match his smile tit for tat. "But your light-?"

"That's... more of an inbuilt thing. Similar result, different method." He rubbed the back of his head and shrugged. "Way different."

That was about the point when Chiron chose to step in.

"Ahem."

Both froze, remembering themselves, before whirling to face him and valiantly pretending they hadn't been seconds from going off on a tangent of their own.

A brave attempt. Points for effort.

"As fascinating as this conversation is, there are matters to attend to." Chiron said. The pair flushed, and he repressed an amused smile in favor of focusing on Daniel. "Did your stroll prove productive?"

"It did," his student confirmed, and his expression quickly sobered. "Glenda Silverbrook is definitely in Cocytus, and I don't think that's changing anytime soon."

Lavinia's attention snapped back to him in alarm, but the demigod only paused to offer her an apologetic look before refocusing on Chiron himself.

"Dad says that the appeal is a no-go on his end, and that Aunt A won't bother either. Not yet." Daniel explained quickly. "But he will let us go down there for a visit if you're there to play chaperone, teach."

Ah.

Immediately, he knew to expect unpleasantness on the horizon.

Regardless of 'supervision', Apollon would not allow his son anywhere near the Underworld for something so 'paltry'.

Not unless he intended to capitalise on an opportunity and make a lesson of it.

Given the subject matter at hand...

Chiron's gaze turned to Lavinia, and he frowned faintly.

This would not end well.

The girl didn't notice the reaction - her eyes had yet to leave Daniel's.

"Your 'Dad?'"

"Right. I guess we should finish our introductions properly." The demigod breathed out once before raising a hand in polite greeting. "Daniel Winchester. Son of Phoebus Apollon."

And there it was.

The young witch stilled, and Daniel's smile dimmed.

Just a touch.

"Nice meeting you. Said it before, but it still applies on my end."

The moment stretched.

Tellingly so.

Then-

"... Likewise." Lavinia eventually agreed, and though the expression she wore was stilted with politely masked wariness and apprehension, the attempt had value. "I've never met a demigod before."

It was a clumsy olive branch, but the attempt was there, and Daniel was smart enough to take it for what it was and go from there.

"Yeah? Then I'll try not to disappoint." He turned back to Chiron. "So... field trip?"

Field trip, he says.

To a prison realm of eternal torment, deep within the Underworld itself.

Chiron almost snorted.

Greek heroes. A pretty girl smiles, and they're ready to leap headfirst into hell.

Always a classic.

Still.

Both his students were at that age.

He'd have to run a few remedial classes on the importance of clear heads and common sense - a modern-day Orpheus would be downright embarrassing - but in the meantime...

"Why not?"

Daniel blinked.

"Wait, really? Just like that?"

"I see no reason against it, and there's no time like the present." Chiron agreed. "Unless you have an objection or two you'd like to share with the class?

"Objections?" He looked to his right, caught one glimpse of Lavinia's poorly muted, barely hidden hope, and quickly shook his head. "Nope. Not a one."

"I thought so."

"Just give me, like, five minutes." He threw a thumb over his shoulder and took a few steps back. "I have to pack a bag."

"I see. Give Sairaorg my regards."

"Will do."

At least he knew better than to deny it before he vanished with that uncharacteristically eerie displacement that heralded his slip into the chaos between worlds.

The better to travel into Misla Bael's estate with minimal fuss, and tactical applications of that gift were as marvelously chilling as ever.

"Thank you." Lavinia suddenly spoke up, drawing his gaze once again. "For agreeing-"

"That can come later." He stopped her gently. "For now, it's best to steady yourself. No aspect of the Underworld welcomes the living with any grace, and Cocytus is more trying than most."

And that was the understatement of the millennium.

She swallowed and nodded firmly, and he resisted the urge to sigh in sudden weariness.

The girl was strong, and she had heart.

He could only hope that it held fast in the face of what he suspected was to come.

For her sake, if nothing else.

...

The son of Apollon returned six minutes later on the dot, no bag in sight and raring to go.

"Ready."

"Evidently."

"Welcome back." Lavinia offered, and he subtly perked up.

Children, honestly.

"So how did we get this started?" Daniel asked, before pausing in thought. "And do we have to pray to Hades or something? Because we're showing up in his backyard?"

"When in doubt and under most other circumstances regarding the Underworld?" Chiron nodded. "Certainly."

Showing proper respect to the Lord of the Dead within his domain was the bare minimum any intelligent soul - living or otherwise - was bound to fulfill, lest they earn his ire in a harebrained, pitifully avoidable way.

Or his Dread Queen's for that matter, but that was another concern entirely.

"That said, Cocytus is a special case. The will of the river extends not only through the metaphysical territory it was once 'limited' to, but through the many realms of torment it has since subsumed."

"Subsumed?" Daniel frowned warily. "It can do that? It's done that?"

"It can, and it has." Or 'he' has, technically, but semantics were unnecessary here. "The exact principles behind it are complex, but suffice it to say that Cocytus's reach has overwhelmed multiple lesser domains of punishment in the time since the boundaries between the pantheonic aspects of the world degraded."

It was why the devils and the Fallen angels of the Abrahamic pantheon - among others - could imprison their worst in a frozen hell without causing one political incident after the next.

They were only ever using a lesser realm under Cocytus's control.

The river itself remained as it always was - an infernal stretch of endless lamentation.

"The boundaries of the world, huh?" Daniel took that in slowly. "Dad mentioned something about that once - about how the world used to be bigger back in the day?"

Even Lavinia seemed fascinated by the implications therein, fascination momentarily overtaking the apprehension that had never quite left her all throughout her time in their presence.

Chiron welcomed the change, even as he snorted and shook his head.

"I imagine he would, but that is a story for another day."

As were the tales of the godswars that followed.

"Now, prepare yourselves."

Both of them stiffened at his change of tone.

"We leave now."

They nodded in unison.

"Yes!" "Right!"

Good.

Without another word, he raised a hand.

The effect, as precisely calculated, followed instantly.



*̷̛̰̪̖̟̔͋̄̀͝*̷̧̨̢̛͖̺̱̹͔͖͔̃̀͆̅́͋̎̔͊͛͝*̴̛̭̌̓̃̔͆*̴̘̯͈̤̯͈̹̳̳̣̼̝̯̲͍̄͋̈́̑̂͐̆*̸̢̧̢͍͔͎͍̪͉̹͉̘͙̲̦͓͓̅͗̓̄̽̇̅̒̿͘̚͝*̸̲͗̉͑̑͌͑͂͝*̷̢̱̻͕̤͛͐́̊͆̌̏͗͊͊͠*̴̢͓̯̩̦͉̱̟̝̓͛*̶̡̪̰͓̥͙̻̟̱͇͚̏̏̀̌̿͘*̷̡̜̦̰̤͉̬̊̃́́̔̈́͘̕͠*̶̨̳̱͈̯̜͚̮̙̇͗̒̿͑́̓̌̏̏͜*̴̯̙͚̭̼̲̪̥̓̐̍̋̎͝*̷̧̹̼̯̖̫̠̻͔̂̏̃͛̈́*̷̬̹͇̻͎͌̓̒̒̋̈́̓*̷̢̨̡̨̪̻͍̥̮͚̟͕̰̝̥͉̆͛̂́̆̂͗̈́̒͒ͅ*̷͕̓̏̆̀​



Space compressed, folding and layering in impossibly symmetrical patterns. Power leaped outward like a bolt from a thundercloud, nearly staggering both children in a single sweep. The air charged with static, cooling until their breaths misted and hoarfrost began to creep over the marble underfoot.

Then he brought his hand down, and they vanished with a single rush of displaced air.

...​

No matter how seamless the transition, descending to the Underworld from the mortal realm was jarring on a fundamental level.

The living were not meant to tread where the dead dwelled.

Reappearing on a stony outcropping overlooking the riverbanks of Cocytus amplified the dissonance several times over.

It was not a welcoming sight.

No true radiance existed here - just a thin, sour glow seeping out from a colorless sky, and mist clung low over the banks, a veil of cold silver-grey that blurred depth and distance until every detail faded into the immaterial and the uncertain.

The river itself lay beneath the fog, appearing black as pitch and stiller than death in places where the pall seemed to thin, but that was only a trick of perception - The darkness there swallowed what little light reached it and rushed all the while, hungering for more.

Every few heartbeats, shapes flickered on the edge of clarity: shredded spirits drifting in and out of the haze, formless wraiths no less bound to the waters beyond the murk than the rest of its victims.

And they all whispered.

The waters, the mists, and the souls of the damned echoed with unintelligible mutterings and hoarse screams, pleas for mercy and cries of maddened despair, and a thousand things besides, all swelling into a gestalt presence of absolute, unforgiving misery.

Even with Chiron actively shielding them from the worst of it, both of his charges - temporary and otherwise - could feel it.

Lavinia held out a hand, almost unconsciously, fingertips crackling with the faintest hint of magic before she seemed to remember herself and clenched it into a white-knuckled fist.

Daniel held himself steadier, but just for an instant, his eyes flared gold - with hints of purple - and the air around him steamed as warmth rose to ward off the glacial chill.

"Calm," Chiron advised. They had good instincts - and they would need them - but even still, they could not sense as he did within this realm. "Drawing attention here would be unwise."

The realm's rulers most certainly knew of their arrival.

So did the will of Cocytus, slumbering as it was.

Aside from the looming attention, no other response was warranted.

Yet.

That would change at the first reckless misstep, no matter how innocent the intention behind it.

"Gotcha." Daniel offered a tight smile. "No funny business. What now?"

"Now-"

Something familiar shifted at the edge of his perception - something drawing closer, at speed - and he resisted the urge to sigh tiredly.

Of course.

"-We deal with that first, apparently."

"What-?" Lavinia paled as she picked up on it. "Oh."

"Chiron-"

"Calm." He repeated as Dan tensed, no doubt twitching for his spear. "He means us no harm."

"Who's-?"

The words were drowned out as a rhythmic, hammering beat vibrated through the rock underneath them, followed by a wet rumble that strained the air in their lungs with pulsing force.

The mist swirling along the riverbanks to their side shifted, stirring unnaturally, twisting and churning as something disrupted it from within.

Then the silhouette within took shape, dark and gargantuan, before it began to break through.

"Oh, sweet mother of Dad."

A fair reaction.

A massive head pushed forward first, level with the edge of the cliff they stood on, wide-jawed and with eyes like molten gold. Strings of silvery mist clung to black fur, dripping and wafting off its canine snout like smoke.

Then the other two followed through the fog, rising further up as clawed paws the size of boulders slammed down against the base of the cliff, and such was the impact that fractures splintered and spiderwebbed their way up through solid stone, groaning and heaving all the way.

The air reeked with the scent of iron and sulfur and something altogether sharper, and the warmth Daniel radiated was rendered unnecessary under the sweltering furnace that was the newcomer's presence.

Three heads. One enormous form.

Power enough to reshape the landscape with a single swipe.

Both of the children hardly breathed.

Chiron only smiled and stepped forward, unbothered by the three sets of blazing eyes glaring down at him.

"Hail, Kerberos." The name resounded with appropriate gravitas. "How do you fare on this good day?"

The Hound of Hades growled.

Not loudly, or with particular malice, but the sound of it still erupted outwards like the shockwave of an explosion, blowing back the mist and washing over them like a tidal wave.

Clearly, he was in an excellent mood.

"Kerberos." Lavinia whispered. "Cerberus. The Gatekeeper of the Underworld."

"Chiron." His student started, very carefully and very quietly. "Getting flashbacks to the last time three hellhound heads looked at me like this. Newsflash: It didn't end well."

"As I said." Chiron hummed, ignoring the gusts of hot air hissing out of the Stygian Beast's nostrils. "He means us no harm. In fact, I'd wager he's only here to satisfy his curiosity."

Kerberos growled again, as though in agreement. His lips pulled back - all three sets - and bared mouthfuls of gleaming fangs in tandem.

"…Okay then." Daniel nodded amiably and looked only mildly incredulous doing it - really, the twitching eye was very subtle. "What curiosity?"

"Give it a moment."

Lavinia drew in a short, sharp breath as the hound's heads lowered further, the scent of fiery brimstone curling on his breath as they did.

Soon, he was close enough that any outstretched hand would've met a snout - as absurdly ill-advised as such a notion would be - and that's when it happened.

The shadows at Daniel's feet stirred in a rather familiar, predictable manner, and Courage slunk out a beat later, padding ahead with wary, stilted steps.

"Do not interfere." Chiron murmured when his student started violently. Lavinia's reaction was much the same. "Watch."

"But-"

"Watch."

Kerberos's heads sank even lower, nostrils flaring in a single unified inhale. His six eyes brightened ominously, and another booming rumble rolled out of his chest as they did.

Courage went statue-still.

Given the sheer difference of scale, one could hardly blame him.

The smaller hellhound's head remained bowed as the Guardian inspected him with towering, unimpressed judgment, stiffening further only when a single snort of warm air buffeted past him and blew back his fur.

Even then, he held his ground.

A beat passed.

Then two.

Three.

On the fifth, the light in Kerberos's eyes changed.

His next growl was a lighter thing - less dangerous, and more restrained.

The change was enough to prod Courage into movement, stillness breaking as the younger pup exhaled a small, cautious puff, ears still flattened and pulled tightly against his head.

Then, ever so slowly, he began to creep forward.

Daniel almost reacted at that, but one glance from Chiron stopped him, and for good reason at that - Kerberos would not appreciate the interruption.

The hound's three heads circled Courage slowly, sniffing in unison, before all paused and let out a low, reverberating chuff.

Not quite a declaration, and more akin to acknowledgment.

"Curiosity, as I suspected," Chiron explained as Courage's tail twitched uncertainly. "Like calls to like, after all, and Kerberos goes wherever he pleases within his master's domain."

The Hound of Hades had no doubt sensed his lesser kindred the moment they arrived, and followed it to the source.

It had no other reason to be here, and paid the rest of them little mind regardless.

Courage continued to creep forward, small and wary, and one of Kerberos's moved in to meet him halfway.

A pause followed - a split-second instance where Courage hesitated - before closing the rest of the distance and tapping his snout against Kerberos's own.

A light, deliberate greeting, and the size difference made the very sight of it comical, but it was enough.

Kerberos huffed in satisfaction, and slowly began to retreat - though not before bestowing them with a final, sweeping look.

One head at a time.

The leftmost focused on Lavinia with a slitted stare that left her motionless through sheer force of will and nothing else.

The rightmost drifted to Daniel, who held his ground and followed suit.

The center head lingered on Chiron the longest, snorting once more in another bout of gracious acknowledgement.

Then, with this curiosity sated and his business concluded, Kerberos pivoted. His fur rippled as his heads flowed in perfect synchronization, and the great beast drifted back into the fog from whence he came.

The mist swallowed him in moments, and the thudding impacts of his footfalls quickly faded, leaving only silence and the lingering scent of sulfur in his wake.

"..."

"..."

"..."

"...Well." Daniel croaked eventually. "That happened."

Immediately, Courage deflated like a balloon, whining pitifully as his legs gave out underneath him.

"Hrrrrrr."

"I hear you, buddy." He nodded lowly, wincing in sympathy. "Scylla and Cetus had nothing on that guy, but hey - at least this one didn't try to eat us, right?"

Lavinia's startled splutter was entirely justified.

Courage, on the other hand, didn't bother dignifying that with a response.

Instead, he darted back and leaped into Daniel's shadows, melting away in an instant.

"...Well. We won't be seeing him for the rest of the week."

"He deserves his rest." Chiron offered, though for just a moment, his attention diverted to the lingering touch of Kerberos's power melding in with Courage's darkness.

Interesting.

"I-" Lavinia paused and let out a slow, measured breath. "I was not ready for today."

That she didn't ask about the smaller hellhound was telling.

"I don't think any of us were." Daniel agreed, and the girl almost smiled. "But at least it's not boring, right?"

"...It's not boring, yes."

Perfectly diplomatic. Chiron was impressed.

All the same, he cleared his throat - just enough to draw both of them back to attention.

"It's time to continue."

The weight of his words shifted the air, and both of them straightened in response.

He didn't say a word more - not to them.

Instead, Chiron turned his attention outwards and peered into the mist.

Then he spoke.

"By the authority of Lord Phoebus Apollon, we seek a path to a mortal prisoner within."

His voice rolled out, suffused and resounding with power.

"Lead us to Glenda Silverbrook."

The mists stopped swirling. The chorus of misery stilled.

The silence was absolute.

Then it began to part, opening a narrow, winding passage in its midst. Silvery tendrils reached out in the same beat, extending towards the cliff and layering over one another as they took shape and cooled the air that much more with their very passage.

Soon, the surface of the make-shift bridge solidified, crystallizing into fracture-patterned ice that gleamed eerily in the low glow of the Underworld, stretching all the way back into the unknown.

Chiron only inclined his head - a necessary gesture of respect - and motioned forward.

"Our path is open."

Lavinia took one look at it and blanched.

"That's not... I'm very familiar with ice. I know it." She eyed the deceptively clear surface the way another would a pool of bubbling hydra venom - and he would know. "But I've never felt anything like that."

"I imagine you wouldn't have."

Absolute Demise's power - filtered through the limits of a young mortal -was one thing.

Cocytus was quite another.

"Stay close, both of you, and follow my every step."

She nodded uncertainly, and Daniel did the same, grimacing all the while.

"This feels like walking into the Lonely Mountain all over again."

Hah.

"Don't be foolish, student." He patted him on the back. "Should the worst come to pass, this will be far worse."

"...Awesome."

"Isn't it just?" The ice crackled and held as he stepped forward and took the lead instead. "Shall we?"

A rhetorical question at its finest.

The bridge groaned softly beneath them as they followed, starting off into Cocytus's hold.

...​

Even by Chiron's standards, the passage was unpleasant from start to finish.

They moved through the mist, pressed in on all sides, yet the path ahead remained near-endless for a time - both claustrophobic and far too vast for comfort, all at once.

Space itself was distorted within, compressing and unfolding with little rhyme or reason, and the cold deepened with every step, bordering on malevolent.

Nothing that exceeded his tolerance - not even close - but oppressive all the same.

He could feel Daniel's instincts recoil against it, however.

The aura of light and warmth he gave off increased exponentially the farther in they went, pushing back against the prison realm's crushing weight even though the effort was, in the end, misguided at best.

There was no battling this aspect of Cocytus.

Still, it served a purpose.

Lavinia certainly appreciated it more than he, given how close she veered to the boy - rather unconsciously at that, but Chiron suspected that his student wouldn't protest the closeness if he were in the right headspace to process it.

As it was, they had greater concerns than personal space.

The whispers - faint and distant, echoing in disjointed patterns from every which way - only added to the creeping pressure weaving its way around them.

Then, at last, the passage yielded into something with more substance.

The invisible walls boxing them in expanded. The ice underfoot hardened, more crooked and jagged, and lost its sheen.

The whispers dulled until they were nothing more than an itch, scraping away at the back of one's head.

And there, kneeling a little distance away, was the reason for the sudden change:

A woman.

Greying, haggard, dressed in plain, ragged robes that hung loose on her frame. Her head was bowed, shoulders slumped, and her limbs hung limply at her sides - like a puppet with its strings cut.

This was-

"Glenda!"

The scream had barely torn out of Lavinia's throat before the girl was hurling herself across the intervening space and dropping to her knees beside the woman.

Her arms reached out, trying to prop her up, but all she achieved for her efforts was a lolling head - at least for a moment.

"Glenda..." Lavinia sounded on the verge of tears. "Glenda, pleaase. Look at me."

The sound of her plea made Daniel flinch.

"Chiron, should we-?"

"No." He cut him off firmly. "There's nothing we can do."

Nothing they should do, for that matter, besides standing witness for what was to come.

Soon, Glenda Silverbrook's head began to rise - and it was as haggard as the rest of her.

Sallow, lined skin stretched tight over sharp bone and covered in traces of hoarfrost and rime. Her black eyes were sunken and unfocused, and her lips moved quietly, spilling broken, indecipherable murmurs.

"..."

"Glenda?"

The murmurs stopped. The eyes fluttered with something parallel to burgeoning awareness.

"Can you hear me?" Lavinia's voice trembled. "Glenda?"

Her eyes flickered, then sharpened, before settling on Lavinia with slow recognition.

"...Lavinia."

The whisper was hoarse, but Lavinia beamed with near-manic joy at the sound of it.

"It's me. I'm here."

The reunion should have been touching.

It wasn't.

Chiron knew better than to trust it, and from the uncertain stance he took to his right, Daniel had picked on it as well.

For all his recklessness, his senses were razor-sharp.

"This is... Cocytus. Why..." Glenda's gaze sharpened some more, and her voice gained a touch of strength. "How are you here?"

"I came to see you."

More clarity returned to her those eyes.

"You came..." She croaked out. "...to see me."

"After the news about Oz spread, I looked for you." Lavinia tried to explain, almost stumbling over the words. "When I found where you were, I wanted to appeal to the Olympians. I went to Lord Chiron for help and... it all led here."

Glenda's attention lingered on her, glacial and full of incomprehension, as if the words were beyond understanding.

Then, her eyes drifted first to Chiron, lingering on him with a sharp, jolting recognition, and he returned it with expressionless calm.

"Chiron...Trainer of Heroes..."

Her glance shifted to Daniel, and to his mild surprise, there was a hint of recognition there too.

Then again, for those who've experienced it once before, the divinity the demigod was putting out was difficult to mistake.

Then, the older witch turned back to Lavinia, and her expression creased with incomprehension once again.

"You…" she whispered, the words dragging out with incredulity. "Came for me?"

"Of course I did." Lavinia's brows furrowed, and she quickly reached up to wipe her blinking eyes. "You're... I had to. How could I not?"

For a moment, there was silence.

The words lingered.

Then...

"...Hhh..."

The laugh began.

Low at first, undercut by a brittle rasp that scraped against the non-existent walls of cold mist surrounding them, before curling upward into an ear-rattling, twisted chorus.

Lavinia reared back in stunned disbelief, but the laughter didn't peter out.

If anything, it swelled before finally collapsing into wet, ragged coughs that rattled the witch's entire husk-like frame.

Even then, her breaths rang with what was left of it.

Chiron remained impassive as the witch pulled herself back together again, content to observe in silence.

Daniel was far from content, but even he held still despite the sound clearly making the skin at the back of his neck crawl.

"'How could I not?' " Glenda's lips slowly curled into a smile that was more teeth than emotion, and the sight of it made the girl pale well before her mentor was finished speaking. "You must be joking."

"G-Glenda?"

"Four years under my care... and Grauzauberer after that..." Her glare could have stripped flesh from bone in its savagery. "And somehow, you remain a pathetic, naive little fool."

And there it was.

Chiron was not surprised, even as Daniel's jaw dropped.

Lavinia, though...

"What?"

Her voice came out flat and almost numb with disbelief.

She didn't step back or raise her hands, but simply stared instead, mind refusing to parse through that reaction.

Glenda didn't waste the opportunity in that silence.

"Stupid girl." She sneered, and began to rise, her movements sickly and disjointed. "What sentimentality possessed you to follow me down here?"

"I-"

"What did you think would happen?" Glenda went on, cutting and deliberate. "That you would comfort me? Save me, perhaps?"

She was towering over the girl by the time she was finished, a half-frozen scarecrow with dark, spiteful pits for eyes.

"To think the torments of this accursed realm were not enough." She spat, and every word made Lavinia flinch. "Now I'm to endure you as well - truly, those gods laugh at us all."

This time, Chiron had to physically stop Daniel from stepping forward.

It earned him a stunned, mutinous look, but he only shook his head at his student's vehemence.

It wasn't the time to interfere.

Not yet.

Lavinia and Glenda didn't even notice the near-intervention.

The former was staring up in the beginnings of dazed horror... and the latter was the horror itself.

"Well?" She snarled. "Nothing to say? No hopeful drivel to pile onto my misery?"

"What?" Lavinia managed a repeated whisper - and even that was strangled almost beyond repair. "Why… what are you-?"

Then something seemed to occur to her.

"Cocytus - this place." She swallowed and unsteadily rose to her feet. "That's why. It's making you-"

Again, Glenda burst into laughter.

"That blind, boundless faith again." Her smile was mirthless and venomous. "Perhaps this is fitting - to come face to face with the fruit of my labours in this hell. I cultivated it for a reason, and yet... to experience it once again, now that the game is up... how pitiful."

...

Lavinia opened her mouth, but words failed her.

Her hands twitched at her sides, trembling, and she took a half-step back - then another, and Glenda pounced on the perceived weakness like a beast scenting blood.

"This realm did not make me what I am." She hissed, before the pointed cruelty drained in favour of something quieter, but no less sharp. "I am not addled, nor a victim of this place - though I have had many in the lifetimes I've lived."

A short, frozen pause.

"I have slaughtered warriors. Eradicated armies. Burned entire bloodlines to cinders, and when I was done with the enemies on the field, I found my way to their homes and finished what was left - and even that was a mercy, compared to the rest."

She took a step closer, uneven but filled with terrible purpose.

"I have taken what I wanted, twisted what I pleased, and resorted to means that would make the blood in your veins curdle; not out of malice, or for the sake of the slaughter, but for power - the only currency that matters in a world ruled by gods and monsters. The very reason so many turn to the path of magic to begin with."

Another step.

"I am Glenda Silverbrook, and I am as I have always been. Long before the Olympians came to Oz. Long before you ever learned my name."

Finally, she looked Lavinia dead in the eye.

"I am not changed, girl - merely stripped of a pretense that has already served its purpose."

Her slow smile was a mockery of the gesture.

"Or did you think you were different? Special?"

Each word seeped out like poison.

"The little orphan with the God-killing weapon embedded in her soul that I just so happened to take in?"

That, finally, earned a reaction.

Lavnia sucked in a breath.

Once, but with terrified finality, because the girl was far from stupid.

She knew exactly where this was going.

"You were not meant to save me, Lavinia Reni. That's not why I spared you from a life of mediocrity, or trained you when you demonstrated talent worth bending to my will." Her lips curved up once more. "You were a curiosity - an experiment carried to term."

"...No."

"A source of valuable data on an invaluable resource," Glenda finished without pause. "And an opportunity that could not be wasted. Had Augusta not taken an interest in you, I might very well have never sent you to Grauzauberer in the first place."

"No."

"Better to keep a tool close at hand, regardless of the effort-"

"No!"

Lavinia's scream was visceral.

"That's not- I don't believe you!" she tried, voice cracking in desperation. "That's not why you-!"

She couldn't even get the words not.

Not with her breaths so shallow and uneven, her chest heaving with every beat.

The air changed again.

A faint, flickering silver of light bled out across her fingertips, and the cold surrounding them quivered with a different, more subtle quality.

The first stirrings of Absolute Demise.

Glenda only smiled again, and this time, the expression was almost gentle.

Within a blink, she crossed the remaining distance and seized Lavinia's chin in a faint, easily breakable grip.

"If your parents were not dead when I found you, I would have killed them myself."

The magic died.

Absolutely and instantly.

So did Lavinia's very breath.

"All you have ever been worth." Glenda finished in a low, final whisper. "Is that Sacred Gear you possess. A blade forged blunt so that it may never cut the hand that wielded it - and now that my story ends in this prison, you have no value to me at all."

Chiron could almost see it - the moment where Lavinia Reni's heart was torn from her chest, and the light in her eyes blinked out.

Apollon had truly played this one marvellously, in that he hadn't lifted a finger at all.

"Now begone from my sight."

And Glenda pushed her.

Not hard. Not with much force at all.

The girl toppled over all the same, silver sparks scattering from her fingers as she hit the ice.

Or she would have, had a pair of arms encased in golden light not spared her the fall.

"You."

Even as he knelt down to steady her, Daniel still managed to look up at Glenda and meet her cold, cruel glare.

His eyes burned gold and purple in sheer, apoplectic fury.

"You absolute monster."

Glenda only sneered.

"Bold words, Demigod."

And they went from there.

...

Kerberos with Courage:

Spoiler: Spoiler


Dan through that entire Lavinia encounter:

Spoiler: Spoiler

As always, leave your comments and ideas and if you don't like it, please be courteous.
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Ender Wiggen, Nitsua22 and 868 others
Firewillreign
Dec 14, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks We Escalate Across Dimensions.
View content
Firewillreign
Firewillreign
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 26, 2023
Messages888
Likes received82,880
Jan 14, 2026
Add bookmark
#8,459
How about a slow, emotional chapter, too really pace out our character interactions?

...

Nah, fuck that.

"You absolute monster."

"Bold words, Demigod."

Glenda's ugly sneer didn't waver an inch as I caught Lavinia in my arms, breaking her fall and glaring up at the older witch with all the pure, unbridled murder I could muster.

Right then, I had oceans of it to spare - only it didn't seem to faze her.

If anything, the hateful contempt in her eyes seemed to froth and swell that much more as she looked down at me.

At both of us.

"What a pathetic sight you make now, Lavinia."

Even halfway into a nervous breakdown, with her eyes glazed and so very away for comfort, Lavinia still managed to flinch in my hold.

Naturally, I took that swimmingly.

"Shut. Up."

The words tore out of me in a violent snarl, reverberating in triplicate echoes. Fire burned under my ribs and flared with them, a wave of heat surging out against the crippling, soul-deep cold of Cocytus - pushing it back, just for a second, and setting the frozen mists to a steaming hiss.

"Oh?"

Glenda didn't back down, even as her full focus snapped right back onto me again. Her neck craned low as she leaned forward, angling her frame into the bubble of growing warmth in an excruciatingly disjointed motion.

"Do my words displease you, little godling? Do they make you angry?"

Her face twisted as she bared her teeth, frozen skin pulling and cracking in an expression that was utterly wrong.

"How arrogant."

I almost choked.

"Arrogant!?"

"Arrogant!" She roared back, and it was as if her vocal cords were splintering like breaking ice. "Where does this rage come from, demigod? Do I offend your sensibilities? Do I disgust you? Hah!"

She laughed, demented and unhinged, and it snuffed out whatever it was I'd been about to spit at her before I could even think the raging answer through.

"What right does one like you have to fury?"

Her lips curled, blue and near-dead.

"You, who were exalted above countless others through nothing more than the simple virtue of your birth. You, who were born with more power coursing through you than most humans will ever know, or dare to imagine."

Her cracked smile widened as I grit my teeth hard enough to ache, and the fiery disbelief burned through my veins like gasoline.

"And yet you look at me with such disgust, when you understand nothing of humanity's weakness in this world - of true helplessness, or struggle, or strife without end."

The cackle that followed was raw and razor sharp.

"Unlike you, child of divine tyrants, I was born with the burden of mere mortality... in a world ruled by monsters who laugh at such pitiful limitations."

She trailed off slowly, before abruptly lunging forward to loom over us, head tipping low, eyes locking on mine.

"Your kin are no better... and so I ask you this, Olympian-spawn..."

A beat passed, frozen and eerie.

"What right does someone - something - like you have to judge me?" She whispered, low and vicious, with a gaze so dark it could have passed for hollow. "And how dare you look at me with such shameless audacity?"

I-

...

...

...

Breath.

Breath.

Breath.

...

Heracles. Meleager. Achilles.

So many others that trying to list them all was like counting sheep, and those were just the highlights, not the sum total.

All of them had been great heroes or warriors who'd had good things going for them - or could have had them, at least - but ruined it all by blowing their fuses and letting anger take over the steering wheel at just the right moment to destroy everything.

Chiron had drilled it into us himself.

Keep calm, and if you move to act out of anger, stop dead in your tracks and run it back until it stops making sense.

Words to live by, and in my defense, I tried.

A distant part of me already knew that I shouldn't be letting her get to me - that I shouldn't be this angry to begin with.

I'm an idiot on a good day, but I'm not stupid.

Cocytus was messing with my head.

The cold, the aura of misery and despair...

The slow, glacial pressure that's been building up inside my skull since the second we'd set foot into the mists, impossibly subtle right up until the moment it was noticed - then it was suddenly a mountain trying to crush everything underneath it, ramping up with every passing second making it impossible to think straight.

Even then, losing my cool wouldn't help.

I knew that.

Accepted it.

Embraced the logic with gusto.

...

Unfortunately, logic as a whole was currently overshadowed by all this unyielding rage!

"How-!?" The growl building up in my throat sounded damn-near alien. The things she was saying. The things she was implying, as if she knew anything about me. "How dare I-!?"

Glenda's teeth shone in the building glow coming off of me, because she was still smiling.

"Was it something I said?"

That's it.

My hand snapped out, and a miniature blaze flared into existence along my palm, gold and purple flames warping in on themselves as the mist around us went from hissing to screaming.

Finally, Glenda's smile vanished, replaced with stunned surprise - but not for long.

"Augusta..." She whispered, before her lips curved up right on over again. "So that's how it was."

Within a blink, her ear-scraping laughter was back, sounding out over the recoiling frost and the rush of welling flames.

"One beast to kill and usurp another." The delight there was loud and unashamedly genuine. "How fitting."

I almost blasted her right then and there.

Calling it a close call wouldn't do it justice - I was seconds away from cremating the deranged hag and calling it a day.

Then I looked at her.

Really look at her, I mean.

Past the venom and bile, and right into that one glint in her eyes that had been there since the beginning.

Something I only caught by pure chance - or close enough to it that the difference didn't matter.

Not anger. Not satisfaction.

Anticipation.

What?

The flames in my palm flickered, before quickly being snuffed away as I clenched my fist and pulled it back through sheer force of will.

The cold of Cocytus snapped back against the fading heat like a rubber band with teeth.

Savage, but the way Glenda's smile instantly died managed to take the worst of the edge clean off.

It also clicked a piece or three into place.

"You want me to kill you, don't you?"

She didn't skip a beat.

"I am already in the Underworld, you stupid child."

But even through the scornful look, something in her expression slipped.

Or maybe it was her stance - the way she leaned forward.

Either way, it was tiny.

Just this one little ghost of a shift, so small it was pointless to describe, but now that I was looking for it, it was also impossible to miss.

Even if I had, I knew a technical truth when I heard one.

"That doesn't mean you're dead."

The immediate silence after that - jilted and furious - was all the answer I needed.

But it wasn't the only one I got.

"No, it certainly does not."

That's when Chiron finally stepped up next to us.

I hadn't forgotten he was there - always look out for your surroundings - but the last minute and change had nearly blanked him out of my perception anyway.

...

I'd almost acted out like a reckless moron in front of him, and I'd probably pay for that later.

Right then, though-

"What do you see, Daniel?"

His voice was perfectly level as he glanced over at me, before gesturing over to Glenda.

"Well?"

I... blinked at him for a minute, before slowly glaring over at the older witch as I gently propped Lavinia up.

What do I see?

"The scum of the earth?"

She glowered back with all the vitriol to match, but she did it without so much as a breath, and Chiron only smiled humorously.

"Quite, but beyond that."

He snapped his fingers, and the sound echoed like a thunderbolt, complete with a wave of green light that surged out and washed over Glenda like a tide.

"Observe."

They appeared all at once as the light broke over them, spectral, fused chains of off-gold circling her wrists, connected with a length of links, half-slack but only just, with another running up and anchored to a thick, double bolted collar wrapped around her neck.

Thorough, and completely miserable from the first look alone.

That, and they felt familiar, too.

My eyes narrowed.

"My dad did this, didn't he?"

It made sense, even before Chiron nodded.

The divinity ringing off of them was more than second nature to me at this point.

"Cocytus is a prison few can dream of escaping, and those chains are an added sentence made manifest. Lord Apollon always did have an affinity for bitter ironies."

"An irony?" Glenda's face did… something that was no less hideous than everything I'd seen so far. "A mockery, more like."

"Hardly. From your own admissions, you were always a mockery and a shame to all that is good and decent, entirely of your own making." He replied effortlessly, unbothered, and the look on her face folded into something priceless. "The Sun Lord only added the finishing touches and a teaspoon's worth of accountability."

What did Dad-?

"Healing banishes pain, and the truth can set one free." Chiron didn't wait for me to ask. "Quaint, simple truths, but these chains you see before you, my student, are the inverse of both."

The collar on Glenda's neck seemed to glimmer as he spoke - maybe in acknowledgment, or pure coincidence.

"A divine binding that draws out the unforgiving truth regardless of the speaker's will, and a barbed blessing that enforces healing and recovery on a living mortal trapped and suffering in a realm of the dead - the better to suffer that torturous dissonance all the more..."

"…"

"…"

"Well." Chiron eventually let out a low, unsurprised breath. "How… grimly poetic - and poetically grim, I suppose."

The pause after that was telling.

The kind of thing that made you think - except, when you were in the middle of hell, literally, with the pressure of the realm constantly grinding you down no matter how hard you tried to push back against it, that was all you could do.

Think, and feel everything.

Dissonance - wrongness

That's what the witch had been sentenced to.

My eyes snapped over to her, and Glenda said nothing.

She didn't have to.

Another piece clicked into place.

"That's why she's baiting me." I turned back to Chiron as it dawned on me. "She wants to die, for real this time, because that's an out."

"It would not let her escape Cocytus, but it would be a measure of mercy, yes." He agreed, nodding impassively. "A shade of punishment shaved off the top, but at this point, I imagine she's quite willing to take what she can get."

I freaking bet.

I'd been here all of twenty minutes - maybe more, maybe less, because time got weird in the mists - and I already wanted out.

Glenda Silverbrook had been here for months, as a living person in a place where the living categorically didn't belong.

Except there was nowhere else to go: this was the end of the line, even when she did die properly.

The chains just dragged it out that much more.

That's...

"Is that why...?"

The thought derailed when Lavinia stirred, hesitantly shifting away from me and rising up to her feet.

She didn't quite look at Glenda anymore - or much of anything, focus still not all there - but even with shoulders raised and her hands clenching and unclenching into bloodless fists, she was still angled in her direction.

"You wanted-" The words stuttered before their focus abruptly switched over to Chiron. "She wanted me to kill her."

He didn't deny it.

"Most certainly. I would not have permitted it - a divine punishment must not be so easily averted - but her intent in goading you both was unmistakable."

For the hundredth time over, Glenda only sneered.

"I meant every word."

"She did," Chiron confirmed that too. "No lie may leave her lips. She is not incapable of choosing - to a degree - which truths to share and in what extent to frame them for her convenience, but their veracity remains absolute."

Lavinia... didn't react to that.

Not violently, or loudly, or with anything worth writing home about, really.

Her mouth opened and closed a couple of times, wordless, and her eyes didn't stray back to her... former mentor.

Instead, she just looked at the ground, distant and blank.

"...I see."

For a moment, I could almost feel...

Something.

A flicker of sensation ghosted over the strings of mists curling around her, but it vanished before I could sense it out properly.

Glenda didn't seem to miss it, either.

She looked over at Lavinia, and for the first time since all of this started, the contempt on her face folded into something different.

A flat, almost resigned grimace.

"Of all the unsightly-" The words melded into a nasty growl. "If you aren't going to kill me and demonstrate some measure of value at last, then at least try to hold yourself with more dignity, you useless girl."

For the love of-!

Chiron's hand caught my shoulder and stopped me with a look before I could step in between them.

"If nothing else, you are all that remains of my teachings, and this is a final lesson on the consequences of naive stupidity. You would do well to carve it into your heart."

Lavinia didn't answer her - didn't even react, after all that, and Glenda huffed and turned away at last.

"Now leave. Those are the last words I will ever waste on you."

You've got to be kidding me.

"Really?"

She paused, pulling back out of the mists she had been retreating into and turning to stare at me with a fresh, glimmering sprinkling of hoarfrost already spreading over her skin.

"You had to twist the knife in deeper?" I ground out lowly, desperately trying to ignore the temptation to reach for Incinerate Anthem's flames again. "You couldn't spare us all that horrible screech you call a voice?"

Then an idea came to me, and I let myself smile.

It wasn't a nice smile.

"Then again, maybe you couldn't." I tipped my head forward, towards the slowly fading chains - losing corporeality, but still inescapable as far as she was concerned. "Dad does good work."

She stilled.

"What?" I let my smile grow bigger, until it was half-teeth and growing. "Was it something I said?"

I'll tell you this much: Throwing that back in her face?

It felt good.

Viscerally

Of course, it didn't last, either.

"Is that right?"

I expected her to lose it.

Maybe froth at the mouth a little, because from everything I'd seen, see was exactly that kind of lunatic.

Instead, Glenda matched my smile tit for tat.

"Proud of him, are you? And proud of yourself too, I expect?"

The derisive snort and once-over she gave me rankled.

"Why wouldn't you be. Demigod that you are - but don't you forget my words, either." The words came out like knives, complete with a stare that could cut through bone. "You have no right to judge me - or any human, for that matter, when you are not and will never be one yourself.

I...

...

"What the hell are you talking about?"

"You are not human."

She repeated it so matter-of-factly that it took a second to parse through, and then I bristled, mostly out of pure incomprehension.

"You could never be - that is an objective fact." She parroted back all over again. "Our standing and our limits...they have never been and will never be yours, for to be human is to be as dirt in a world of gods."

She spat 'dirt' out like the syllable was made of pure acid.

"You, with all your gifted potential... you are of them, not us. Whatever achievements you have... whatever glory you may hoard... all of it will always exist solely on the merits of your inherited divinity, and nothing more."

...

...

"...That's the stupidest thing I've ever heard."

And I meant it, too.

Not human - what does that even mean?

Nothing, that's what.

Just desperate garbage all the way through

...

But...

The words lagged on their way out.

Barely a blip, but enough that anyone could notice, and Glenda gave a final, delighted laugh, high and raspy, before she began to willingly step back into the arctic mists.

"There it is."

"There what is, you delusional psychopath?"

I don't understand how she was getting to me, again, but the answer didn't come quickly, even as Cocytus swallowed her, hungry and impatient.

"What else?"

Soon enough, she was barely a dark silhouette shrouded in fog... but her eyes...

Those stayed clear, and fixed on me the whole time.

"Satisfaction."

And then the shape of her flickered away, and she was gone.

...

I hate her.

I've only known her for one conversation, and I hate her.

"Chiron?"

"Daniel?"

If things had been different, we may have just stood there for a minute, waiting out the void of noise the witch left in her wake.

… I'd have probably said something too - many somethings,

But this was still a domain of misery, and we were all collectively sick of it

"This is over." I managed, after I was done working my jaw back and forth uselessly. "Can we leave now?"

Lavinia said nothing, but neither of us expected her to.

"Please?"

He nodded, looking at me with something I didn't want to parse through right now.

"Certain-"




P̷̢͕̙̖͇̼̟̝̹̽̃́́͛͊͗̈́̚͝͝ŗ̴̨̈́̃̀̊͂̄̃̊͒͂̽̀̔̈̋͘̚͠ȩ̷̛̻̺͉̤̗̬̩̱̳̙̺̹̲̺̱̄͛̀̉͐̓̓͒͌͂͐̽͋͘̕͜ș̸̡̗̙̱̦̇̋͌̿͌̀̊̏̇͒̿̕͝͝͝͝e̷̤̾͗͊̈́̒̅̀̎̿̽̎́̀̇̃̑̀̕ṇ̴̡͖͔̤͗͋̾͐̊͒̍̾͋͝t̸̨̛̩̣̔̇̽ ̶̣̝̲͈̞̩̗̥͇͓͔͖̰͖̯̗͙͕̉̅̎̈́̈́͗̄́̉̿̂̅̉̓̃͂͝Ÿ̵̢̫̻̻̻͔̜́͗̔͐̊̈́̉̉̽͒͊͋ǫ̷̧͈̻̟̟̯͔̬̳̔̉̽̾͒̀̊̑͝u̵̡̝͔͔͚̘̻̤̺͎͂́̌̈́͒̾̀͜͝͝ŗ̷̝͎̤̖̦̙̻̱̰͆̀̃̓̑̎̈́̀̒͘s̷̢̛̛͙̭̯̮̬̲͖͉̦̤͋̏͗̓̎̂̇͊̆̊͒͐̕ẹ̷̤͍͛̉l̵̡̛͚̲̘̠̮͕̱̟̯̘̓͒̑̌̌̎̉̓̐̈̿͊f̴̡̼̘͒̏̏̓̎͗̽̔̓͑̊̏́͒͗͝͝​



It sliced through the cold without warning.

Not sound - intent.

Some kind of call full of authority, strong enough to make the mists blow back a foot and a half.

Lavinia and I snapped rigid at once, spines stiff as boards.

"Chiron?" I demanded, and the skin at the back of my neck was crawling against the overwhelming sensation of being watched.

He tilted his head slightly, attention drifting toward something just past the edge of perception.

Then he sighed, and pinched the bridge of his nose.

"A summons," he said evenly. "I can't say I'm surprised."

That answered my question.

Not.

"It's time for you two to return," he continued. "Miss Reni - my apologies for the abrupt departure, but needs must. You remain welcome in my home at your discretion. Please, make yourself comfortable. And Daniel-"

He raised a hand, and I realized what he was doing a split second too late.

"I shouldn't be long-"

"Wait, Chiron, who-!"

"-so please," he finished calmly, "do try to stay out of trouble."

He snapped his fingers.

And we-​


V̴̟̂à̸̢̬̱̇̅n̴̨̍͐i̵̦̮̅͝s̸̬̦͇͗͂͝ḧ̸̦͕́ė̷̱͕̒͝d̶̡̛̎̚.̷̠̫̣̃̒̕​


...​

-who are you? - Oh, come on!"

The transition was seamless.

One minute, Cocytus and the cold were a noose slowly winding around our necks, and then poof.

Open air.

Warm sunlight.

And the crushing pressure vanished so abruptly it punched the breath clean out of my lungs - and it wasn't nice about it, either.

I wavered, Lavinia staggered, and I swear I could feel Courage buckling from his place down in my shadow.

"Aarf!"

And there's the bark, garbled through the shadows, but totally understandable all the same.

"... Okay then." I huffed for breath and put my hands on my knees, trying to ride the reverse vertigo out. "That's that. Let's never do this again."

"I need to leave."

Come again?

Lavinia was already stumbling and straightening into an awkward walk by the time I whirled around to face her.

"You're leaving?"

"I can't stay here." She murmured dully, "Lord Chiron's hospitality is gracious and appreciated, but... you said it yourself,"

She smiled at me, and it was a corpse of an expression.

"That was that."

"..."

"It was a pleasure meeting you, Daniel Winchester." She tipped her head forward in a shallow bow. "Farewell."

And then she turned and began to stride away at speed.

...

Wonderful.

"This is why people should never take me at my word," I muttered weakly. "It's terrible life advice."

Courage barked in my shadow again, and I grimaced.

"Okay, no comments from the peanut gallery."

Then I began to run after her.

"Lavinia, wait up a second!"

...​

Honestly, I barely remember what I said to her as we made our way across the estate.

It wasn't exactly a conversation.

I was trying to get her to slow down and breathe, mostly, and she was doing her best impression of a puppet that was still moving despite all the strings getting cut off... and being kicked in the gut a few times for good measure.

A plus for effort.

Not so much for the result.

That part I did remember, though?

With perfect clarity?

That mess kicked off the second we stepped out the main, just past the main ward line surrounding the house.

One of them, anyway.

I was trying to talk her down when things kicked off.

Somewhat literally.

"Look, you don't have to-"

DANGER.

I moved on instinct, throwing out a hand to shove her away and arching back as an honest-to-dad blade suddenly materialized where my side had just been.

Then it swung up, aiming to lop my head clean off.

Fast.

Almost too fast - because the tip of the silver blur still managed to score a small, clean nick along my jaw before my leg snapped out and caught something solid with a brutal impact.

Crack.

It folded - no, caved in - under the force blow, and I used the momentum to flip back, summoning my armour in a burst of golden light.

Serpent's Downfall followed suit, settling into my grip with a flare of muted dragon fire, and I didn't wait to see who it was attacking me.

Instead, I swung out with my spear and let a miniature inferno explode out ahead without warning-

The figure darted through the fire before they'd finished manifesting, shooting up at me so quickly I'd only just landed on the balls of my feet before they were coming in for round two.

Fwoosh.

The second strike tore in at an angle that had me pivoting on my heel, blieading into a low sweep with Serpent's Downfall to deflect it.

Clang-skree!

Sparks kissed the air where enchanted orichalcum met the lesser metal, carving a line of light through the smoke and heat, and I saw who I was fighting for the first time.

A black suit, with dull, uninspired armour underneath a trenchcoat flapping back in the shockwave of our clash.

A blank, gloomy white mask covering their face, like a porcelain plate cut down to size.

And a wicked looking sword, thin and sharp, flashing like a shard of silver and white as it sliced toward me from the side.

Alright then.

I reared back, letting the blade whiz by and shriek off my chest plate in a useless swing - then I paid it back with an arc from Serpent's Downfall, forcing them - him - back and deflecting the harried follow-up with a swing of my arm.

The sword slammed into my bracer, and he'd obviously overextended, probably thinking it would break my stance.

Bad move.

He was fast enough to keep up - at this pace - but I was stronger.

When I threw my weight behind the swing, the blade deflected so violently that he stumbled.

Once, but enough.

If it had just been me and him, I'd have aimed my spear at his center mass and charged in like a hellhound going for the kill - Chiron would expect nothing else.

But we weren't alone - and I'm not talking about Lavinia.

Three and a half seconds into the fight, and I could feel two blurs closing in on me from opposite ends of the field, shooting past smoke and fire to help their buddy out.

I didn't know what was going on, but I wasn't about to stop and ask, either.

Instead of stabbing forward and leaving myself exposed, I multitasked, angling Serpent's Downfall in a defensive guard and blasting him point-blank a beam of golden radiance thicker than an Eyrmanthian boar.

"▂▃!"

Then, ignoring the muted scream and the smell of something awful burning, I leaped back and out of range just as identical intruders two and three came flying in, swords raised and ready to gore me like a pincushion.

Good luck with that.

"Flashbang!"

The spell actualised in the blink of an eye, and it hit like armageddon.

▅▂▃▄▄▅▅▂▂▃▅▂▃▅▃▃▄▄▅!​

Sound and light overlapped, sundering earth, wind, and everything in between with damn-near personal fury.

Sai could withstand something like that because of skill, power, and experience with my tricks.

These clowns?

Not so much.

They scattered like bowling pins, and the one idiot who'd made the mistake of leaping at me got the full brunt of it, bending and breaking backwards as he was ragdolled away.

It was an ugly thing to see, but it wasn't over yet.

No, there were more.

I felt them before I saw them, heading for Lavinia four-to-one and closing in from every direction.

No blades this time, though - instead, their palms were extended, and covered in what looked like writhing bandages, pale yellow, wafting with magic, and with a texture I didn't even want to guess at.

One of them never made it.

I let Serpent's Downfall fly, and it shot towards him like a comet, flinging him off his feet and blowing through him in one bloody, wet evisceration.

The other three didn't last much longer.

Lavinia held out a hand, and an array of interlocking shapes bloomed across her arm like a gauntlet.

Then she jerked it to the side, and the would-be ninja closest to her was flung off in the other direction, warping and deforming mid-flight as if gravity was crumpling around him like tinfoil.

It wasn't pretty - but what happened to the other two made it seem like a love tap in comparison.

They tried to catch her off guard, coming in from behind.

She didn't turn around, but her eyes pulsed with a light that fractured in the instant it came to life, like a light bulb shattering but somehow still giving off a glow regardless.

The air changed.

Space behind her tore, and something disproportionately massive lunged out like a serpent.

Holy Zeus

It was a h̵̗͙͙̰̹̻̻͍̜̼͆͛̿̎́̓̏̕͝͠ȁ̵̹̟͘n̶̠̪̣͈̲͉̯̫̖̼̳͛̽͊̈́̆͐̕d̸̢̬͕̥̠͚̐͒͛̏̾͗̄̒͝.


Bone-like and skeletal, with too-long fingers and a feeling to it that made some part of the Sacred Gear inside of me howl like it was the end times.

It plucked the two straight of the air and...

Squeezed.

"▄▄▅▅▂▄▄▅▅▂!"​

...

That sound is going to stick with me forever, isn't it?

Even more than the sight of two bodies bursting like over-ripe melons, and pulverised flesh and gore squelching out from in between clenched, phantasmal fingers and landing in the dirt as half-frozen slush.

I've seen things before, but that still got me to stare.

That was my mistake.

Just one instance of distraction.

I watched the hand retract into nothingness, and the sensation of it scraping against the world masked the surge of foreign magic erupting outwards across the grounds, lighting up the earth beneath us with complex, meshing geometric patterns.

An enormous teleportation circle.

Stupidly elaborate, loaded with so much power I could feel it in my teeth, and already active.

Son of a-!

No time to move. No time to call out.

By the time I'd locked onto what it was, everything was already dissolving into refracting patterns, and we were whisked away into the light.

...

Time since battle start: 6.5 seconds.

...​

We're not in Kansas anymore.

When the world reappeared, I was already moving.

The red-purple sky and the violet clouds didn't matter.

Neither did the new terrain - A desert that stretched out in every direction, but the colors were wrong. Rust-red sand bled into sickly ash, broken by endless rows of jagged stone. Boulders and spires jutted upward in violent, uneven lines, climbing high enough that the tallest of them could give skyscrapers a run for their money.

I was standing on one of those.

Lavinia wasn't.

I could feel her, far, far out and off somewhere to my left, but that was about the first thing I noticed.

Well, that, and the wave of recognizable hooded figures coming at me from all angles, blades out and porcelain masks glinting as they dropped out of the air and onto the boulders and spire-peaks surrounding me.

Lovely.

"Hold!"

One of them stood out above the rest - figuratively and literally.

He stood on his own peak above the others, blade raised high, and instead of a blank mask like the rest of them, his was more elaborate, with inked scale patterns and a shape I wouldn't even pretend to be surprised at, considering my track record.

A red and purple-black dragon.

Because of course it was.

What even is today, and why is it always dragons?

"You. Interloper."

He pointed his sword at me, edge-first, and a menacing pulse of aura rose out of him and seeped into the air, thick with wild bloodlust.

"You interfere in matters that do not concern you." His voice was a low, garbled growl, and I could tell that he was orders of magnitude more powerful than the ones I'd just taken down. "Surrender, or die."

...

"...Can I get a minute to think about it, or-"

"I will not ask again."

Of course you won't.

I almost laughed.

Not even thirty seconds in, and I had no earthly idea what was happening anymore.

Who these idiots were, and how in the hell they had the guts to pull something like this right outside Chiron's home.

My teacher would flip.

Dad would probably go apoplectic.

But right here, right now...

Priorities.

Questions and answers could wait.

Lavinia first.

"Look, buddy." I raised Serpent's Downfall, and all of them bristled. "I don't know who you are - or who you think you are... but by all means..."

The heat I'd been holding didn't spike.

It detonated.

Light bled out of me in a hard, gold-white surge, with just a hint of purple in to set the scene.

The air jumped up to a thousand degrees.

Stone beneath my feet groaned, cracked, and began to glow red-hot.

A concussive wave rolled out in a perfect ring, kicking dust and shattered rock off every nearby spire.

And me?

"If you want some-"

I looked up at the apparent leader and grinned like an absolute lunatic.

"COME GET SOME!"

He shot down towards me, blade extended, and I dove right in and became a firestorm.

...

The young witch of the hour was trapped with an old friend - in theory.

The unexpected interloper was making a mess of everything - and everyone.

"Well, damn."

And all the while, another pair of eyes observed everything from above, black wings fluttering in the breeze.

Soon enough, their lips curved up in sheer delighted surprise.

"Would you look at that?"

...​

Chiron rolling back in after being gone for five minutes:

Spoiler: Spoiler

Dan, when attacked by random mooks:

Spoiler: Spoiler

Dan, when attacked by a guy in a dragon mask:

Spoiler: Spoiler



As always, leave your comments and ideas and if you don't like it, please be courteous.
Last edited: Jan 14, 2026
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Ender Wiggen, Doc Sithicus and 829 others
Firewillreign
Jan 14, 2026
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks We Run Into Some Bad Weather.
View content
Firewillreign
Firewillreign
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 26, 2023
Messages888
Likes received82,880
Jan 31, 2026
Add bookmark
#8,939
Onwards!

Lavinia:

Two in front. Five closing in from above.

More beyond even that.

Lavinia clocked them all in the first heartbeat, even as her wand manifested in her grip with a familiar twist, immaculate and ready for battle.

Whatever else there was to say of it, she had spent her childhood in Oz, and Grauzerber after that.

The ability to fight back when danger came calling had been nigh-literally carved into her through - and regardless of - blood, sweat and tears, and self-defence came in many forms.

Some more proactive than others.

The moment the spell circle shattered, having successfully warped them away, she was already surging into action.

Calculations primed.

Detection spells cast.

Reinforcement matrices deployed.

No time for panic. No time for second-guessing.

In a distant, barely acknowledged way, after the months of slowly winding pressure that had culminated in this black, wretched day, the clearing of thoughts was almost a relief.

"Surrender!"

Then the first black-draped figure punched through the rust-red sand blowing across the air, sword smoldering with the glow to match, and she immediately discarded relief in favor of throwing her arm out in a wide, sweeping arc.

Boom.

Force answered, folding the air backwards in a wave that heaved up sand and stone and hurled them outward with such violence that even their passing could have flayed flesh from bone and ground what was left to dust.

As it was, it bought her a second and change - and that was enough.

Her first opponent was launched away with the wave, his feet clawing for footing and his blade wrenched out of his grip as he disappeared behind a cloud of red.

Two more landed and lunged in from the left in that same heartbeat, synchronised and armed with the same instruments she'd caught sight of before - like writhing rags come to life, wreathed in a film of warping colours - and that was about as far as Lavinia allowed them to come.

Three.

One step, and she pivoted on her heel, wand slashing down in a sharp, unforgiving strike.

Two.

Light that only she could see instantly bloomed in her vision, tracing a straightforward pattern.

Lines, vertical and horizontal, interlocking into a square grid that stretched out across her entire line of sight.

Seemingly simple. Deceptively harmless.

Then, with a thought and a flick of her wand, she propelled it forward at blinding speed.

One.

The first of them - the closest - didn't even have time to scream.

Invisible lines cleaved through him, slicing flesh and bone with surgical, unfeeling cruelty. His blank mask shattered with an implosion of shredded gore, in sync with severed limbs, decimated armour, and a shower of formerly internal organs that splattered into the red sand like wet confetti.

The second tried to surge back, kicking off the air itself with a burst of magic and desperate fervor, but she'd cast wide for a reason.

A lattice of sure-fire cuts sliced into and across him mid-motion, eviscerating his form so thoroughly that all that remained was a splash of mutilated viscera, slowly splashing away in the stream of her accelerated perception.

Utterly dismantled.

Monstrous in effect and efficiency, but the necessity of it would sicken her to her stomach later.

Now, in the moment, there was only survival.

Needs must.

The remainder of the first wave closed in on her.

Another pair shimmered into being at the exact limits of her sensory field,
skimming over the edges at a brutal rush.

A third shadow charged her head on, figure blurring forwards in a dead sprint - bladed again this time, the metal coated in a sheen of white-blue flames fierce enough that she could feel the heat burn against her skin from twenty paces off.

The last of them - the first one she'd swept away, already recovered - fell from far above, riding the curtain of debris she'd hurled into the sky and using it as a smokescreen to drop back into the carnage.

Lavinia adjusted without blinking.

No grid this time - spatial manipulation was too complex, too costly, and best used sparingly.

Instead, vector arrays formed in her mind's eye, half an instant before she actualised them into roving spell circles surrounding the pair rushing in from the left.

Energy poured out on command, spiking their raw speed several times over - well past any hope of control - before their trajectories were abruptly rewritten, snapping sideways and slamming them into each other with a savage burst of impact.

A flash of light followed - not her work - and what looked like strips of fabric snaked out from their point of collision, unfurling like rending cloth that twisted around and swallowed the pair of them in one ravenous pulse.

By the time they hit the ground, it was in a pale, ceramic-smooth cocoon - impermeable from head to toe - that went skidding away wildly as it bled off their combined momentum.

Sealing magic, then, and something almost surely intended for her.

Predictable.

Lavinia had suspected as much, and the confirmation - or the surreal, borderline ridiculous sight it made - didn't so much as put a hitch in her stride.

Two down. Two to go.

One dead ahead, sword ablaze, and another descending from on high.

Without hesitation, she slackened her grip on her Sacred Gear's power, and the temperature of the wasteland around her plummeted like it'd been pitched off the edge of a cliff with a running start.

A torrent of ice and swelling frost thundered out towards the fool coming at her, lethal and overwhelming - and to his credit, he managed to react to it.

It just didn't help.

The fire-coated sword swung out in a fevered arc, and the flames flared and billowed out to meet them, but they might as well have been a candle in the heart of a hurricane.

The frigid deluge snuffed them out in a single flash, and weapon and wielder both disappeared under the rushing roar that followed, with a faint echo of a wail and the shattering shriek of rhime-glazed metal.

Then they were gone.

At the same time, with only a fleeting touch of will, her Doll stirred with her gear's power, manifesting another spectral, disjointed limb that tore out into the world and intercepted her last attacker near as quickly as she herself could register the action.

Long, eerie fingers seized their victim in an inescapable grip, heedless of the violent, desperate flailing, and then - for the second time in as many minutes - they clenched down.

"▂ ! ▂ ! ▂"

The horrendous sound of his death was something she refused to focus on, and a wafting cloud of red streaked mist escaped the hand's grip, raining down against the sand in half-frozen shards.

Which was...

Don't lose focus.

She swallowed once and inhaled lightly - a sharp, steadying pull without lowering her guard, soured all the way through by the scent of iron and death clogging the air, and that was as far as she was allowed to go.

"My, my."

Two words, and Lavinia's lungs and most of the blood turned to ice in a way that had nothing to do with her Longinus.

She knew that voice.

"Look who's all grown up."

She didn't answer with words - she didn't even bother looking.

Her wand snapped up and fired.

"!"

Air ionised and ripped outward with a roar and a hail of white-blue arcs, overlaying and snapping in a cascade that scorched sand to glass and carved a trench through the wasteland.

When it struck, the lightning sheared the jagged spire she'd aimed at nearly in half.

Lavinia was gone before the rest of the ledge crumbled into dust, bending space with a hasty spell-circle and shifting over to the peak of the next one over-

"Boo!"

Something skin-curling ghosted over the nape of her neck, and she lashed out with her ice even as she shifted again, leaping away with an iceberg in her wake and a rush of blood suddenly pounding in her ears.

She landed on the next spire-

Something moved in the corner of her vision-

-and frozen barriers erupted upwards in threefold arrays.

This time, they lasted only until a barrage of flames and something distinctly twisted bored through them like glass.

Thwoom.

Shards fractured off like razors, steam hissed, and she was gone before the smoke even cleared.

She reappeared again-

Another scream of power cut through the air towards her, and this time her Doll manifested an entire limb to intercept it.

Phantasmal fingers closed around something fiery and patched through with green-black rot, and whatever spell sequence held it together immediately destabilized.

Catastrophically.

The desert whited out under the blast, and the gale it kicked off nearly launched her off her feet and into the side of the shattered crag.

Damn it all.

She bit into her reserves and translocated for a fifth time in under a minute, vanishing into a shimmer of warped space just as the trailing winds tore the rock formation behind her apart.

When she materialised this time, it was with a half dozen sigils shimmering in her orbit, her Gear primed on a hair trigger, and her sensory field flared as far out as it would go without risking overload.

But no attack came - not right then.

Instead, it was laughter.

"Hah!"

The sound echoed over the flats, loud and deliberately grating, before its owner shifted in just outside her immediate casting range.

The distortion was powerful enough to kick a cloud of sand ten feet high, but that wasn't a hindrance.

Lavinia could see through it just fine, and what - who -waited beyond made her grip on her wand go white-knuckled.

By appearance alone, the girl was in her age bracket - a year older at most - but that was where the similarities ended.

Dark hair, pale face, and grey eyes blown so wide they seemed pupilless.

A stiff skirt and black layered fabric under open robes accented with streaks of silver.

One hand carried a black wand, but the other closed around the hilt of a jagged dagger with an edge that caught the light like bleached, serrated bone.

And that demented smile.

"Hiya, Lav-lav."

Walburga.

Augusta Hawthorne's prized apprentice, and a mad dog that even that famously ruthless woman had known to keep on a leash, for good reason.

Only right then, that leash was nowhere to be seen.

"Did ya miss me?"

Without a word, Lavinia wrenched her wand up to meet hers, and the desert between them became a cataclysm.

...​

Dan:

'How many people have I killed today?'

Not the kind of thing someone stops to consider in the middle of a fight, but the thought still came to me as I broke through another guard and jabbed Serpent's Downfall through another would-be assassin's side.

His body convulsed, acrid smoke and muffled screaming rising up from under the blank mask.

The fire seared him from the inside out - the armour actually held out somewhat - before I yanked left and tore the spear through his ribs and clean out the rest of his body in the same unbroken motion.

The gaping wound was cauterized with the swipe, and he was dead well before I lashed out and kicked what was left of him into the next idiot coming my way.

One more added to the count - and so what?

They swung first - literally - and they weren't done trying, either.

I leapt forward, and another three came swinging at me.

Or tried to, at least - they scattered like bowling pins when I hurled myself at them, half-coated in light and fire and with all the grace of a Cretan bull in a china shop.

Two of them tried to flank me on either side, but it only took a flicker of will to flare the corona of heat and pressure around me outwards, driving them back and flattening the rock beneath us into a flash-scorched mess.

Then I rounded on the odd one out.

Serpent's Downfall swept up to deflect the sword that streaked for my head, vibrating in my grip as steel glanced off its edge and skidded wide.

Then I rolled my wrists and let it slide, gliding with the momentum and
driving the butt down into his knee.

It folded with a wet crack.

He went down howling, and the next swipe was a wild thing that bounced off my armour harmlessly as I stepped into it, swiveled, and rammed the spearhead straight down through the mask and into whatever it was that passed for face under there.

No resistance.

Grisly sounds echoed out as gore and broken mask fragments scattered everywhere, and I... didn't pay too much attention to the view in the middle.

The action was gruesome enough as is.

Keep going. Process later.

On cue, something came hurtling through my flames at speed - a length of gleaming chain headed right toward me.

I ripped Serpent's Downfall free and twisted to deflect it, but it wasn't aiming for my center mass - instead, it blitzed in at an angle and snapped around my arm guard, catching tightly.

Really?

I saw the heaving yank coming a mile away - who wouldn't?

My feet dug into the ground as my stance firmed and my muscles coiled.

When the pull came - barely a split second later - whoever was on the other end didn't get another to realize I wasn't going anywhere.

Instead, I grabbed the chain, yanked it taut, and swung.

The noisy black blur on the other end followed suit, lifting off and whipping past the smoke and flames between us like a yo-yo swinging into a wall.

Only the wall here was a jagged, unforgiving cliffside.

He caught on a little over halfway there, letting go of the chain and flailing wildly as he tried to stick the landing-

"!"

-before I was suddenly there in a flash of gold, lancing out with another kick that sent him careening headfirst into a world of hurt.

Boom.

The collision went off like a tank shell, driving him through dust and stone and cratering it around him - and going by the way his legs twitched and went slack, that was the end of that.

Another one-

"Pathetic!"

There you are.

I soared back, rising out of the way as another figure bullrushed me, bloodlust pouring like a broken faucet.

The dragon-masked head honcho himself, who landed below and shot me a glare that was all pure murder.

"Finally come back out to play?"

He growled, low and sharp, and I grinned meanly.

For all that he was obviously stronger than the rest, he hadn't committed at the beginning.

Not really.

The rest of them had come right at me, but he'd hung back, skimming the edge of the fight.

Then he'd blitz in quickly, snapping off a slash or a heavy strike before backing off again.

Trying to work out my patterns? Or tire me out?

It didn't matter.

The herd was thinned now, and I'd win either way.

"You will die."

"Right. Never heard-"

I accelerated mid-word, plunging and striking so hard the air tunneled around me.

"-that-!"

Dragon Mask caught it against the flat of his sword - black-bladed, and different from the rest, I could tell - and the wail of power rippling between it and Serpent's Downfall was bloodcurdling.

"-before!"

He snarled and crouched with the blow, folding his body and jerking aside to break the bind, and I followed the momentum, dropping the rest of the way instead of forcing the strike.

Dragon Mask tried to capitalise on that, surging in high and fast, and I snapped the spear across my body to intercept the slash.

Wood shuddered, and metal vibrated as I let it glance off, turning with the force and rounding back with a sharp thrust.

He curved out of its way, blade snapping up to knock the shaft wide - something flickered - and I pressed in, sweeping Serpent's Downfall out to carve space, before reversing it into another jab.

His sword met it both times, first with the flat, and again with the edge, and I felt it every time - the aura it gave off.

Angry.

Rabid.

Chomping at the bit - and my spear was reacting to it, thrumming with the growing pressure of orange-gold fire the longer the fight dragged on.

Like the weapons despised and contested one another on principle.

"I don't suppose you want to call it quits-"

Dragon Mask lunged, and sword and spear met three more times - rapid-fire contacts that had us darting back and forth until my foot met his chest hard enough to send him skidding through a boulder and hissing in absolute fury.

"-and tell me who you are now, do you?"

My eyes narrowed as he straightened into another ready stance.

"Also, nice try."

"Enough."

He swung again, and the vicious stroke carried on past him, projecting a razor-thin band of energy that scythed vertically at both ends and split the spire we stood on clean down the middle.

Of course.

This time, the quality was all different from the rest - more power, more weight - and I twisted to the left as it passed, just as the footing started to crumble out beneath me.

Then, in that one moment of reaction-

"Balance Breaker-"

My stomach dropped.

Excuse you!?

The blade was extended, pointed right at me, but the rest of the words came through even as I reflexively went to hurl my spear at him.

"-Depths Of The Coiling Serpent!"

Too late.

The aura I'd sensed before raged outwards, expanding and glitching without end, and suddenly I was staring down a horizon of roaring water, barrelling right towards me.

...​

Lavinia:

Spellfire collided hard enough to rattle the teeth - rows and rows of clashing lights meeting like arcing fireworks - and Lavinia didn't stop moving once.

Anything less would have been suicide.

She slid sideways through warped space before a whip of corrosive black flame carved through her former footing, wailing through the ice and gouging a molten groove into the ground below.

Then she fired back, throwing her hand down with a flare of cold.

A hail storm swirled to life above them, and jagged icicles began falling out of the sky in a ruinous cascade.

Hundreds - too fast by half - shattering with lethal, vibrational pulses that left everything they touched flash-frozen on contact.

Walburga only cackled again - the deranged lunatic - and began sprinting through them.

The barrage battered against her wards - they flared with light and spider-webbing cracks as she ran - slowing her a hair, but she still bore down on Lavinia like a starving predator scenting blood.

"I can play too, you know!"

The witch's wand arm swung wide, and a cyclone of sand erupted around her, glass-scorched and glittering with superimposed heat.

Lavinia bit down on an ugly curse and thrust her own wand out to counter it.

The sandstorm buckled, yanked back on invisible reins, and another flick of her wrist sent it heaving back-

Just in time for something massive to skitter out at her.

A familiar!?

It was enormous - eight towering and many-jointed legs, a blur of blackened and armoured chitin the size of an elephant for a body, and more poison-green eyes in its mandible-crowded face than Lavinia cared to count.

She'd never been fond of spiders.

Spiders of monstrous size racing towards her with murderous intent didn't do much for her general opinion of arachnids.

The hands of her Doll manifested between her and the rampaging creature on command.

It tried to leap for them with a grace that was terrifyingly wrong for something of that shape or size to possess, only for narrow, pointed fingers to plunge into its chitin mid-motion with a shrill, awful sound not unlike metal being punctured through.

It screeched as they burrowed and twisted inside of it, legs flailing wildly, but it was no use.

Inevitably, the giant carapace quickly came apart from the inside, fragments of broken armour and pulverized internals flying off with every desperate - and futile - scramble for escape.

Then, with one twisting, ferocious tug, the spider was viciously pulled
in half, legs spasming and stilling as its insides spilled out in a wave of foul-smelling and discoloured sludge.

It wasn't a satisfying sight - in any sense.

The myriad eyes hadn't even begun dimming before Lavinia's attention snapped away.

A shimmer.

A tiny, minuscule distortion at the corner of her vision - one that wasn't a haze of heat, or the wafting scraps of spellwash.

That's-!

She threw out a barrier spell just before the illusion peeled away, and Walburga dove at it - at her - with a grin split wide across her face.

The dagger struck the ward and rebounded hard enough to echo, three times in quick succession.

Only each time it did, the blade - wrong and vile, dripping with something dangerous - didn't slide or curve away.

It bit.

Fracture-lines raced out from each point of impact in sudden bursts, ringing with a brittle, glassy notes that had her gritting her teeth and unthinkingly reinforcing it.

Then her mind caught up, and she threw the knee-jerk impulse away in favour of something altogether more immediate.

A flare of ozone was the only tell.

Walburga's eyes grew wide, and she vanished just as another bolt of lightning ripped through the shield, blasting it to fading sparks and lighting up the desert with a brilliant, blinding flash.

Powerful, but useless.

The narrow escape wasn't surprising - Walburga had always been a slippery, twisted little thing.

Granted, they had never duelled one another before, but Lavinia had seen it happen, and that was enough.

When Walburga reappeared in the distance again, all traces of alarm were wiped clean, and the smile was untouched.

Of course it was.

"Whoo! That was sooo close," she crooned, tilting her head this way and that. "You're fun now, Lav-Lav! So much fun!"

The sickly joy radiating off her was almost as thick as whatever it was that still dripped from her dagger.

"I'm glad!" She sounded like a child savouring a new toy, and Lavinia grimaced even as the words registered in her head. "I was afraid this would be boring."

"What is this?"

Despite the shared circumstances, they hardly knew one another.

She had always been unsettling and off in ways that prickled at the skin, and the last time they'd crossed paths had been one of the vanishingly few times they'd interacted at all, at a gathering of Oz's younger talent before Lavinia had headed off to Grauzerberer..

Walburga had been there on her lonesome, master nowhere in sight, and she'd started an altercation with three other young magicians from famed and respected houses - prodding and poking with that barbed tongue until they challenged her in full view of everyone present.

What happened next...

The luckiest of them ended up with a spine so completely shattered it might as well have been reduced to salt.

The second scion had his arms transfigured into unsightly, ravenous things with too many teeth that immediately curled back and tried to devour themselves - and him too.

The last...

The memory was something that had been thoroughly seared into Lavinia's brain.

How could it not?

Walburga had quite literally turned the girl inside out - and kept her alive and screaming after the fact, just like she had the other two.

Deliberately.

It had firmly cemented her reputation, and even her immediate disappearance from the public eye didn't diminish it.

If anything, it only made her all the more infamous.

That had been the last time Lavinia had set eyes on her...

Until now.

"What are you doing here, Walburga?"

"Pursuing gainful employment!" She chirped, spinning once on her heel. "Hazard pay included. Flexible hours. Lots of screaming - and dental too!"

Her grin widened when Lavinia didn't react.

Not visibly, at least, even as her thoughts roiled.

"Oh, don't give me that look. Now that home's gone kaput-"

Oz.

"And all the old fogies are either dead, wishing they were, or... you know, worthless." She sneered quickly, before the expression cleared off. "A girl like me has to make her own way in the world. And I did!"

"Did you?"

It pained her to indulge the unashamed psychopath, but her capacity for spellwork wasn't infinite, nor was her stamina endless.

She wasn't at her limit yet, but the longer Walburga spoke, the more time Lavinia had to recover and prepare.

And both of them knew it.

"Absolutely! Got myself hired by a few try-hard rejects who have a bone to pick with those Principle Clan Shinto nuts to the east." She shrugged carelessly. "Both our old hags worked with them over the years, if you can believe it."

Old hag-?

The meaning hit, and her spine locked ramrod straight.

"What?"

Walburga didn't miss the shift in her tone, and her mood shifted into something adjacent to a cat creeping up on a canary.

Barbed with teeth.

"The more you know, right? Something, something, research collaboration, and blah blah blah." She tapped the tip of her dagger against her shoulder with exaggerated boredom. "Even the human experiments and the lab rats were boring. Can you imagine?"

Lavinia felt bile crawling up her throat, hot and sour, but she held back the urge to strike.

Not yet.

"Then again, if nothing else..."

Walburga glanced off to the side, tapping her wand against her lower lip, and cast her focus on the mangled corpse of her spider familiar.

"The new-fangled pets aren't half bad. Prototype Utsusemi, whatever that means. I wasn't paying attention."

Lavinia wouldn't believe a lie like that on pain of death - the threat of which was very much still on the table - and she didn't know what the name meant herself, but the carcass...

She didn't dare turn her attention away from Walburga, but just a glimpse was enough to realize that it was ... dissolving?

Breaking down, at least in part-?

Wait.

Pets.

Plural.

"There it is!"

Lavinia moved, just as the sand beneath her heaved up, and an enormous maw lunged up to swallow her whole.

How did she not sense-!

No, focus.

Walburga's cackles followed her as she sprinted off to the side, crystallizing the air under her into a temporary foothold and priming another spell array on the fly.

The 'pet' followed through the whirlwind of raining sand - a massive rust-coated salamander with grotesquely engorged pale-yellow eyes and a long, gnarled tongue lashing out after her.

It never made contact.

To hell with restraint - Lavinia aimed at it, and a bubble of crushing gravity snapped into place around it, compressing it inward from all sides.

The salamander froze mid-lunge, limbs thrashing uselessly, tongue folding back from whence it came... for all of one second.

Then its resistance failed, and the shape of it crumpled like a tin can, complete with gushing fluids spraying at grotesque speeds, and-

"Got you!"

-It was all the opening Walburga needed.

The dagger was suddenly right there, punching through her shields.

Walburga was an irrelevant spot of colour, directing it, and the edge nicked just under Lavinia's left temple, carving a line down across her cheek and grazing her jawbone.


Ṕ̵͍Ă̴̡I̸̝͆N̵̟̈
​

There was no delay.

Cold metal parted flesh, and the poison exploded inside her like molten fire, a white-hot surge that mutilated her nerves and turned everything beneath her skin to acid.

Every thought, spell, and ounce of self-control was shredded into nothingness, and her heart may have even stopped dead in its tracks.

That was just the first two seconds.

The third kicked in, and her vision fractured into a spiral of sand, sky, and excruciating agony as she tumbled violently to the ground.

The landing didn't register - for a subjective eternity, she couldn't even tell which way was up.

Then, somehow, it got worse.

She didn't understand how she'd ended up on her hands and knees, wand out of her grasp, heaving and wretching soundlessly - only dimly aware of black, vein-like streams burning their way across her pale skin - but there she was.

She may have been sobbing, too.

Or maybe that was just the blood on her face.

Either way, the suffering continued to burrow in deeper, and Walburga stood over her, drinking it all in with an air of absolute satisfaction.

"Fomorian beast venom. Watered down, but still…" She twirled the dagger in her grip and gave Lavinia a slow, considering look. "Hurts, doesn't it?"

Lavinia couldn't breathe.

Walburga's face twisted with naked delight.

"I always did want to ruin that gorgeous little face of yours - and oh, would you look at that."

She crouched and pressed her fingers against the bloody cut, right along Lavinia's jaw.

The touch sent a fresh spike of hell through Lavinia's skull, sharp enough that it almost drowned out the poison's burn.

Almost.

"We're off to a great start."

"-W-why?"

The sound barely qualified as a word, torn raw from her throat, but Walburga heard it anyway.

"I told you, Lav-Lav!" Another light, almost loving pat. "I've got a job now, and you're it. Some very angry little nobodies want to ask you a few questions - they worked with your old master, and now that she's a goner, you're the runner-up - but don't worry!"

She leaned closer, until their foreheads nearly touched.

"They'll see how much use they can squeeze out of you, and after that?"

Her breath was warm and thick with anticipation as she smiled.

"You're all mine - and so is that Sacred Gear inside you."

...

...

...

Ah.

...

...

...

So it all came back to that.

To Glenda.

And-

...

...

...

"All you have ever been worth... is that Sacred Gear you possess."

...

...

...

It was always the same.

...

...

...


Lavinia's head rose.

Slowly. Like she was moving through molasses, and it lolled out of her control twice before she managed it.

But she did.

She looked right up, and stared Walburga dead in the grey, malevolent eyes.

The monster stared right back, possessive and expectant.

…

…

…

Augusta. Glenda. Walburga.

All the lies and the hideous blackness, overlapping in her mind's eye.

Identical.

…

…

…

They were all the same.

…

…

…

"H-a-ha-ah"

It wasn't a laugh - not truly.

Just a breaking point.

Walburga's expression shuttered into something confused, then irritated, then distinctly panicked - but the damage was already done.

She should have killed her when she had the chance.

"H-av-ve it you-r w̸a̸y̷."

Power ignited.

Reality recoiled with a thunderclap of a wail, and a familiar pair of limbs manifested above her-

But this was different.

The manifestation didn't stop at mere incomplete limbs, but swelled further as those fingers grabbed onto the air itself and used it as a handhold, pulling the rest of itself into existence.

It arrived, and the wailing fell into alien silence.

A glassy, gleaming form.

Four slender arms on either side of it.

An expressionless, mouthless face.

Six voided eyes glimmered on its leftmost side, unblinking, unfeeling, and fixed on the spot Walburga had just flickered out of.

Running?

Where to?

Why even try?

She wanted Lavinia's Longinus, didn't she?

They all did.

By all means - they were welcome to it.


Let them have an Absolute Demise!​

Despite the poison, despite the pain, Lavinia found it in herself to raise her head one more time, and laugh.

Somewhere along the way, it became a s̴̨̑c̵̳͐r̶̘̍͝e̴̲̞̔ǎ̶̜ͅm̷̞̈.

And the unsealed husk of a dead goddess screamed right along with her.


...

B̴a̷l̶a̵n̸c̵e̸ ̸B̸r̴e̷a̴k̵e̶r̴:̵ ̶A̸̛̘s̷̹̓s̴̲̎o̸̗̐l̵̗͠u̴̻̅t̷͔͗o̵̠͊ ̸̰̔Ả̷̞r̷͖͋g̸̝̔ę̷̄n̴̟̂t̶̰̒o̴̝͝ ̷͙̉M̵̟̽ò̵̧ń̸̼d̷̦̓ö̶̹

...
​

Dan:

'I was having breakfast an hour and a half ago. Two tops.'

It was another intrusive thought to have right about then, but it snuck in anyway, and stuck around for how surreal it was.

Then the wave hit me like it had something to prove, and I went for a swim.

Whoosh!

...

First impressions?

Water, everywhere.

Dark and heavy - all around crushing - and the currents swirled around me like I was being dragged deeper and deeper into a whirlpool that hated my guts.

The armour didn't weigh me down - Chiron's training made even the idea of that a total joke - but the glow I gave off stuttered and dimmed.

What had he called it?

Depths Of The Coiling Serpent?

Some intrinsic leeching effect then, trying to sap my strength even as it jerked at my limbs, spun me sideways, and twisted me upside down again and again in a loop.

Once upon a time, it may have even worked.

Now?

I don't think so.

I locked in, pulled on the stream of warmth simmering in my heart, and shot right up.

The whirlpool tried to cling on and twist me back down, but I flew straight through it, past the spiralling currents and out into the air with a shower of super-heated steam - then I kept going.

The flight was the easy part.

Then I looked down, and saw the enormous, range-spanning dome of swirling water, stretching out to stupid extents in every direction.

Like a snowglobe big enough to cover a small town, rising high enough to swallow spires whole, and dark almost all the way through.

"Balance Breaker, huh?"

As far as I knew, those things followed a theme - usually - but that didn't tell me much of anything right now.

"Some kind of territory creation? Defensive boundary and that's a dragon."

Not Dragon Mask.

Not something draconically inclined.

A genuine, serpentine dragon came swimming through the dome like it owned the place, with eyes like murky gold, fins running down its scaled spine, and teeth showing just enough to be rude.

Four clawed feet, no wings, and its size scaled to something halfway between Smaug and Cetus, but who even cared anymore?

"Seriously, why!?" I seethed, holding out my arm to recall my spear. "Why is it always dragons!?"

It must have caught that, because it looked straight up at me, eyes narrowing into yellow slits.

"You heard me!"

It reared its head back and roared, flaring its claws and fins, and unhinging wide, barbed jaws lined with teeth that had no business being that long.

Or sharp.

The reverberating shockwave that disrupted the water beneath it and kicked up the wind speed three notches was a nice touch, too.

"Yeah, yeah," I rolled my eyes. "I see you. Very scary. Goldfish from hell."

Classic, really.

...Serpent's Downfall still hadn't come flying back into my grip.

My other fist clenched as soon as I realised it.

The recall spell was snagging on nothing.

Why?

That didn't happen. It should have-

Wait.

My eyes snapped over to the dome.

I'd thrown the thing right as it formed.

And the water had a suppressive effect.

The spell wouldn't take hold.

"Son of a-!"

Then the dragon launched itself at me - fast.

One minute it was hovering over the dome, and the next, I was getting an eyeful of a fang-lined gullet with the reek to match.

Wonderful.

I jerked out of the way, dodging close enough that I was feet away from a baleful, slitted pupil glaring at me with pure, murderous intent.

So I did what came naturally.

I punched the bastard right in the eye.

The enraged war-bellow hit like a truck, and the way it reared back was real satisfying... right up until I realized it was deliberately coiling, cranking its tail back.

Oh.

I crossed my arms to brace right as the wall of scales and muscle whipped out at me, and the impact sent me trailing through the purple-blue tinted sky like a comet.

Ow.

I righted myself in the air, and it was already lunging again, jaws snapping over and over.

This time, though, I didn't just dodge.

I flew out to meet it head on instead, grabbed one of its whipping barbels - whiskers, basically, like a giant, moody catfish - and dug my fingers in hard, fully intending to rip the stupid thing off.

Only it must've seen where that was going, because it abruptly switched tracks and accelerated straight up, shooting through the clouds and taking me along for the ride.

And - I repeat - it was fast.

The sky darkened as we rocketed up, and the pressure spiked hard enough to rattle my teeth.

Gravity and space also got... funky.

I already knew we weren't in the human world - some kind of other realm - but the higher up we went, the stranger it felt, and I had a bad feeling I didn't want to know where the boundaries of this place let up.

So I didn't.

The barbel in my grip snapped and lashed, slick and corded with muscle, trying to tear itself free, and I let it, but not before I used it to tug myself closer to the dragon's head.

Then I bent at the knees, braced my feet against the dark scales, and kicked off like a missile.

Off, and right back down the way we came.

The furious roar followed me as I dropped, and I felt more than saw it twist, folding itself like a pretzel as it turned and plummeted after me.

The thing didn't spiral or feint or get clever about it.

It just dove, snapping itself straight, and the commitment had me grinning like a maniac.

That's it. Come at me.

Serpent's Downfall was my prized weapon, sure, and I couldn't call on it right now, fair enough.

Thing is, I didn't need to.

The spear's current form had been created from a combination of accidental alchemy, and a thaumaturgical foundation I could recast at any time, on any thing.

So I waited, the wind rushing in my ears and dragon hot at my heels as we plunged through the leftover clouds and towards the dome of dark, swirling water growing bigger and closer with every passing second.

Closer.

And closer-

-And closer-

-

-and then I spoke.

"Serpent's Downfall."

Not the Spear - the spell.

I cast it on myself, before flipping in midair - still in a controlled fall - and raising a palm up above.

The jaws were already there, bearing down on me with gleaming teeth.

"Hi."

The beam of light that tore out of my palm and punched upward in a straight, searing line of gold, infused with dragon-killing magic and a little homegrown spite to boot.

Just a pinch.

Those yellow eyes may have widened - maybe - but the moment the spell made contact, it was game over.

The dragon... disintegrated.

Not metaphorically.

Not poetically - or in any other fancy way.

Light. A shimmer. Scales glowing white-hot - and scene.

The beam speared through its snout, and the dragon popped like a soap bubble, dissolving into motes of floating blue-black sparks and the residual feeling of utter anticlimactic disappointment.

I'm not kidding.

I actually pulled a double-take, freezing my flight in place and staring hard.

That's it?

Then I looked down towards the dome.

"..."

...

"Oh, for the love of Dad!"

Can you blame me?

The second dragon was already taking shape beneath the water, serpentine form coming together and taking shape out of nothing at all.

Actually, scratch that.

Not a second dragon.

It was the exact same dragon, down to each individual scale.

I clicked my tongue impatiently.

It didn't take a genius to put the pieces together after that.

An Independant Avatar Type Sacred Gear.

One of the trickier sub-types - most of the famous ones couldn't create multiple avatars, but nothing was stopping a wielder from manifesting the same one over and over again so long as they had the stamina to keep at it.

This one had a dragon for an attack dog, and that Balance Breaker...

My eyes panned over to the dome again.

"That's your gimmick, then?"

I'd eat my shield if Dragon Mask wasn't hiding in there somewhere, probably at its core.

Offence through the avatar, and a defense that sapped vitality to keep enemies at bay.

A chance of victory through sheer attrition.

...

...

...

Yeah, forget that.

"You want to play dirty?"

I reached into my inventory band, and called out my bow.

"Fine by me!"

It manifested in my grip with a flash of light, the quiver over my shoulder, and the rush I got from their presence alone was like a double shot of caffeine and condensed sunlight straight to the brain.

What can I say?

Spearwork was a skill, but archery?

That was a birthright with extra steps, and just holding my bow - a god-crafted, divine-grade artifact others would unashamedly kill for - made me feel borderline invincible.

By the time the draconic avatar pierced through the dome and readied another death charge, I was already nocking a dragon-bone arrow and taking aim.

"Gaze Of The Far-Shooter."

My vision tinted gold, and I cast it outwards and down.

Past the dome's surface and the serpent in its depths.

Through the swirling water and the currents of warped darkness and space.

If my hunch was right-

There you are.

Right at the centre, still holding that ridiculous sword.

Dragon Mask.

I didn't need to deal with the dragon to get to him.

One arrow, and by the time it got anywhere near me, it'd all be over.

Good plan - one of my better ones, even.

Clear cut from A to Z.

So why waste time?

The dragon lunged up at me, and I lined up my shot.

Arrow met silver-gold string, the bow came to life in my hands, fletching warm against my fingertips, and-

...

...

...

B̴a̷l̶a̵n̸c̵e̸ ̸B̸r̴e̷a̴k̵e̶r̴:̵ ̶A̸̛̘s̷̹̓s̴̲̎o̸̗̐l̵̗͠u̴̻̅t̷͔͗o̵̠͊ ̸̰̔Ả̷̞r̷͖͋g̸̝̔ę̷̄n̴̟̂t̶̰̒o̴̝͝ ̷͙̉M̵̟̽ò̵̧ń̸̼d̷̦̓ö̶̹​

...

...

...

It was like a scene change in the movie.

No warning. No noise.

Not even a telltale burst of power.

Just... poof.

The world was overwritten.

The purple sky?

Overcast and iron-grey, heavy with low clouds that looked like they'd bite back.

The desert?

Long gone, switched out with endless plains of snow and jagged frost, ridgelines of ice clawing up from the ground that dwarfed the spires of before three times over.

The dome?

Frozen rock-solid, all the way through.

Every swirl of water was iced in place mid-motion, sculpted like a giant modern art exhibit made of weaponised frostbite and way too much attention to detail.

And the cold.

It was eerily silent and... beyond words.

The kind of unholy, biting chill that could make somebody's blood feel like fire from the inside out, in a way that had nothing to do with magic or sacred gears.

Not that they were suddenly irrelevant, either.

The dragon avatar was suddenly gone - poofed away with everything else.

What that said about Dragon Mask, I had no idea, but it couldn't be anything good - and Incinerate Anthem?

It was going berserk in my soul.

"Lavinia."

The word came out in a misty puff of breath, and my tongue hurt just speaking. it aloud, but I managed anyway.

It had to be her, and Absolute Demise.

I'd sensed her presence before - I knew she was close, but this...

What-?

"Impressive, isn't it?"

-And what now!?

I whirled around, snarling, and came face to face with a whole new kind of nightmare on the spot.

"To be fair, I did plan for the possibility of a Balance Breaker, so this is only mildly inconvenient."

Dark hair.

Darker eyes, and a casual smile - as if he hadn't just appeared out of gods-damned nowhere, without triggering my senses, in the middle of the friggin sky!

And how he was doing it-!

"But then again, Longinus Wielders are always a problem, and I am working with utter idiots - but enough about that."

Wings - eight of them.

Blacker than his hair and eyes put together, and flared wide in clear and unmistakable theatrics.

An Abrahamic Fallen Angel.

Ultimate Class.

He smiled at me pleasantly, like he was trying to make a good impression.

It looked wrong.


"Shall we introduce ourselves properly, little demigod?"


...​

Dan, charging down the road of protagonist life at twenty thousand miles an hour:

Spoiler: Spoiler

Lavinia's crashout, basically:

Spoiler: Spoiler

Sai, down in the Underworld, sensing that his bro is going through all the hype without him:

Spoiler: Spoiler

As always leave your comments and ideas, and if you don't like it, please be courteous.
Last edited: Jan 31, 2026
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Ender Wiggen, Azrael4890 and 765 others
Firewillreign
Jan 31, 2026
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks We De-escalate With Extreme Prejudice - And Fire. Lots And Lots of Fire.
View content
Firewillreign
Firewillreign
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 26, 2023
Messages888
Likes received82,880
Feb 23, 2026
Add bookmark
#9,394
Wrapping up this little side-quest before switching over to Sai down in the Underworld.

Onwards!
I've mentioned the system the Devils use to rank power before, haven't I?

The one that popped up when their Rating Games went mainstream, and people quickly decided they needed a neat little scoreboard to keep track of who could blow up what.

Low-Class?

You might as well not exist.

Middle-Class?

Around the supernatural baseline - maybe a few steps ahead - but nothing all that special in the long run.

High-Class?

Getting warmer now, with some serious firepower right out of the gate, and a mile and a half to go between the bottom and the peak.

And Ultimate-Class?

Whoo boy.

That's when you graduate from the kiddie pool stuffed with piranhas and dive into a whole different kind of ballgame - and it only scales up from there.

It wasn't a perfect system, sure.

Things weren't always so cut and dry within and between every class, but it was good enough to pin the tail on the right donkey nine times out of ten. And personally?

An eight-winged fallen angel - ultimate class by default - was one hell of a mean-looking donkey.

"Shall we introduce ourselves properly, little demigod?"

I didn't answer with words.

He wasn't through with his before my arrow was leveled at him, the string pulled back against my cheek.

That was step one.

Step two was the shimmering pulse of brilliant gold that shockwaved off of me on command.

No holding back against someone this dangerous.

I cranked things into high gear, unfurling all the power I usually held in reserve in one go.

The fact that a good chunk of the crippling, unnatural cold in the air recoiled like it'd been slapped - or stabbed, take your pick - was just a side bonus.

"Fallen Angel."

He didn't seem phased by the lightshow, but that wouldn't have made a difference either way.

"I don't know who you are," I glared at him with fire in my eyes - literally. "But you and your friends trespassed on my teacher's home, kidnapped his guest, and bringing me along makes mistake number three."

"Oh?"

"You've broken guest rights and slighted the gods of Olympus twice over - Name and explain yourself."

My glare narrowed into something fiercer.

"Now."

...

...

...

He was silent for a long second - but only one.

Then he smiled.

"...I'd tell you that that's a remarkably rough introduction for one so young..." The words were a lazy drawl carrying over the howling winds, and the tone grated on me from the first syllable out. "But that wasn't much of one at all, was it?"

"I will loose this arrow."

"There's no need for that." The threat washed off him easily enough, but his dark eyes flickered to the gleaming head and back. "We're only talking, and I mean you no harm."

"Then talk." I said flatly. "You have about three seconds."

My aim didn't waver.

"And counting."

Every impulse I had screamed to shoot first and ask questions later, but I could barely sense anything through the raging blizzard around us.

My aura was actively pushing against it, but it felt like wading through half‑frozen molasses - and that was only half metaphorical.

A desert overwritten with a frozen hellscape.

Just...

Props to the ridiculous power of a Longinus, but right now it was only making things harder - and that much more gnarly.

I needed time to lock onto Lavinia, and if it came down to a fight before that…

I needed him to make the first move.

"Aren't you a cheerful one." He huffed dryly, slowly raising his hands in mock-surrender. "I'll go first, then."

Bowing in mid-air was an awkward move to pull off, but he went for it anyway, tipping forward and flaring his wings wide behind him.

"Ezren Vale, at your service." He adjusted the collar of his leather bomber jacket and straightened out again. "Nominally of the Grigori. Fourth-generation descendant of the Original Watcher, Ramiel. May he rest in peace - or in peaceful oblivion, at least. There are worse things than just dying, after all."

That... meant basically nothing to me.

What I knew about the Grigori as a whole was surface-level at best, besides the fact that their internal factions were about as centralized as a flock of overcaffeinated pigeons.

Cooperative and buddy-buddy right up until they very much weren't.

"And you are?"

Ezren gestured leadingly, and I almost scoffed.

"Montoya. First name Inigo."

"That right?"

He understood the reference.

"Absolutely."

"Alright then." He hummed agreeably, "Is this the part where you accuse me of killing your father?"

That had me snorting outright.

"You couldn't come halfway close in your wildest dreams."

What was an Ultimate-Class to an Olympian?

"That said, considering the day I've had, you might as well prepare to die anyway."

"Made that bad a first impression, have I?"

"..."

...Fine, then.

Games it is.

"Your 'first impression' is about five minutes old, and it kicked off with a successful kidnapping on a day that was already well on its way to being a total write-off."

I let that hang for a second.

"And that was before one of your clowns tried to take my head off for jack all, just for the record, so… you tell me."

That actually got a blink out of him.

"Fair enough, honestly."

My eye twitched.

Just a little.

"…So glad we agree. Thrilled, really."

Come on, Lavinia. Where are you?

The only thing I was getting was arctic interference - like TV static crossed with impending frostbite.

The further out my focus seeped, the more it bit back, and the gnawing frost was getting worse by the moment.

"If it's any consolation at all, the 'clowns' you just mowed down weren't subordinates of mine."

What?

"No?"

"Perish the thought - I have standards." He waved it off dismissively. "Those overeager morons make up a handful of 'elite' strike teams for a nascent organisation trying to break in on the other side of the masquerade: The Utsusemi Agency."

The word tripped my translation spell, and I frowned.

Hollow cicada shell?

"Never heard of'em."

"I did say they were new on the scene, didn't I? Formed by the cast-offs and rejects of Japan's famed Shinto-mystic authorities: The Five Principal Clans. Heard of them?"

Yes, but it was a rhetorical question.

"Big names, bigger personalities, and somehow even more xenophobic than the Catholic Church, which is an achievement, I'll give them that much." He snickered, like he was genuinely impressed. "They're especially hard on their own, though. Descendants that don't show the right aptitude for their sacred arts, don't get patience and a reward for participation - they get the boot. And that's if they're lucky."

Lucky.

Dark and ominous implication - always a classic.

"Happens more than the Clans like to admit. The Utsusemi are what you get when enough of those rejects decide they're done accepting it. Like a pack of angry chihuahuas trying to torch the kennel out of pure spite."

He shrugged and stretched his arms over his head, idly rolling his wrists with the motion.

"It's all very poetic, but the gist of it is that they got their hands plenty dirty trying to pull that party trick off. Enough that some of their research caught my boss's attention - he has a taste for the audacity of it all."

Boss?

"Curious?" Ezren must have seen the flicker in my eyes. "Can't say, I'm afraid. Operational security has to start somewhere, and the big man in charge can be a right old tyrant when he wants to be - that's why I'm here. Drew the short straw, and now I'm... on loan, so to speak. Partnered with this quaint little troupe until they sort out some problems and get back to work."

It took me about point-two seconds to figure that one out.

"Lavinia."

"Ding ding!" He clapped on the spot. "Right on the money - yes, Miss Reni is quite the interesting girl. Her master, Glenda Silverbrook, used to hobnob with the Utsusemi. Nothing too strenuous - sharing a bit of book-smarts, stirring a few cauldrons, and generally helping them bumble along in return for resources and favors. Another famous witch poked in and out too, and everything was neat and tidy… until it all went kaput a few months back."

Of course.

Oz.

The gift that just kept on giving.

"You already know?"

Again, the irritating crow seemed to read it right off my face.

"I suppose you would, if you are what I think you are. Oz was smote, things imploded spectacularly, and the muppets I'm working with were left out to dry, so they're looking to salvage what they can."

I don't care.

The words where right on the tip of my tongue, but they would have been half a lie, and an excuse to cut off his monologue anyway.

So I side-tracked.

"This is what salvaging looks like to you?"

"Mistakes have been made." He admitted shamelessly. "The motivation behind them was solid. Your little friend was Silverbook's apprentice, which makes her worth something if they want to recoup losses. Potential valuable intel and all that, never mind the supposed magical skill that she can put to use... and the flashy power source bolted on. "

The Fallen Angel glanced around at the polar fiasco and shrugged, idly shaking the snow of his wings in a sudden ripple

"There was a plan. A good one. Lots of intricate subtleties - I know, because I nearly penned the damn thing myself."

Another look - almost sheepish, this time.

"This... clearly wasn't that."

"You don't say."

"I don't." He agreed with another easy shrug, and something about it was... eerie. Bad. "I'm quite upset about it, actually. I may have to kill a truly phenomenal number of people just to wash the taste of this fiasco out of-"

There.

Mid stand-off, between sentences, and I found what I was looking for just along the farthest edge of my sensory range.

Lavinia.

Just a glimmer of presence, and suddenly abnormal in a way that had my mind flinching with just a brush of awareness, but it was right there.

"-ah."

Somehow, he caught on.

I could tell, because the space between us effectively ceased to exist, and bang.

One arm cracked out like thunder, and both bow and arrow were torn out of my grip so fast it punched the air out of me.

So fast-!

The other hand latched around my neck, squeezed, and my windpipe promptly started screaming.

"I could feel you prodding, but to sense her out so quickly..." He clicked his tongue, digging his fingers into my throat like he wanted to claw it straight out. "Tricky little bastard, aren't you?"

"...!"

He wasn't expecting an answer - strangling the life out of someone usually killed good conversation - but his brows furrowed when I smiled.

With teeth.

"Y-you have no idea!"

He stiffened... and then his eyes blew wide open as I - or the image of me he was holding - flickered and shattered into a shower of scattering sparks.


Phoebus Performance.
​

A new spell I'd cooked up - something that blended Dad's domains of light and artistry into something both subtle and full of flair when I need it to.

Battlefield illusions.

Nothing to write home about yet, and the quality practically cratered with distance, but I didn't have to go far to put this one to good use.

I'd cast it before this conversation had even started, layered in with that very first burst of power, and by the time Ezren's eyes snapped over to me - the real me, hovering thirty feet up and away behind the breaking mirage - it was already too late.

He moved.

My arrow was faster.

It tore through the storm in a straight line, bright enough to make the snow blink.

Ezren twisted, body corkscrewing to slip the shot, and it still punched clean through one of his wings before he could furl it away.

He'd only just had time to feel it - sharp and stupid painful - face twisting in stunned fury-

Then the wake hit.

The arrow didn't just pass through - it dragged, kicking up a violent slipstream of funneled space that wrenched the mangled wing back and swallowed the rest of him whole.

There was no evading it. The sheer velocity hurled them down and sideways in a spiraling arc, straight toward the giant dome of frozen water.

The same one where Dragon Mask was probably perfecting his best impression of a human popsicle.

It never had a chance.

The light outpaced the collision, silver-gold and searing.

Then the impact registered: an explosive crack that split the ice clean down the middle, a jagged fracture racing from crown to base as the entire dome sheared in half under the force of it.

It sounded like a waterfall of breaking glass crossed with an earthquake. The aftershock alone kicked up a rolling wall of snow and frost five stories high and rising.

Not that I stuck around to admire my handiwork.

I was moving as soon as the dome splintered, storing away my bow and diving mid-cast.

Return.

This time, there was no Balance Breaker to leech away the spell. Serpent's Downfall came flying up at me on command, and I met it halfway down at full speed.

That shot wouldn't keep him down for long - no Ultimate Class would fall that easily, and in no universe was this the time to pick a fight I wasn't sure I could win.

Pride and skill were one thing.

Suicidal stupidity was another.

The second I had my spear in hand again, I was shifting away in a flash of gold, reappearing-


H̸͔̫͉̿̃ư̴̘̒̕s̵̜̹̩̊̃̅k̸̨̳̈
​

-what in the fresh hell is that!?

I got half a glance at Lavinia before I catapulted back on pure instinct - and for damn good reason.

She looked like death warmed over.

Or frozen over, maybe, and that wasn't a joke.

Still standing, but only just, and covered in hoarfrost from head to toe, with a sickly grey tinge to her skin, shot through with blackened, crisscrossing veins underneath.

Her arms were also limp at her sides, head hanging forward, hair falling over most of her face, and the little I could see of her eyes was milk-white.

They'd rolled all the way back in their sockets

That was Exhibit A

Exhibit B was the other thing looming just close enough to make my lizard-brain contort like an Olympic gymnast.

A form like polished glass, smooth and light-catching, and upright in a way that hurt to look at.

Two thin arms branching from each side, four in total, and its face was a half-blank mask - no mouth, no nose - with six pits for eyes on its left side.

A woman that wasn't a woman at all.

Absolute Demise's Manifest Avatar.

Yeah, I knew what it was.

Sacred Gears could look like just about anything, but the Thirteen had their mythical stand-out markers, and I knew them all by heart.

Though knowing and seeing it beforehand were worlds apart - and it was staring right at me.

.̴̧̘͇̻̱͓̑͂̀̽̚̚͝.̶̳͗̀͋́̀̿͝ͅ.̴̭̲̣̮̈́̽̋̌͐́̑͝​

My breath hitched, and the air in my lungs felt like it was icing over.

Standing in its presence alone made the cold twenty thousand times worse, to the point where the insides of my bones started to ache under the raw pressure - and it didn't shift an inch.

No attacks. No sudden moves.

Just focus.

Naturally, it was a nightmare.

The hollow cavities on its face locked onto me, and the attention was so twisted that I almost missed the second shape floating off to the side.

What?

Another girl.

My age, probably, with her arms and legs spread wide like she'd been snatched mid-sprint and just… stuck there, hanging a breath away from the Avatar's chest.

Which meant nothing good for her long-term health.

Half of her body was covered in rime so thick it looked sculpted, and her lips were blue and cracking as she grit her teeth like a cornered, frenzied animal.

It didn't stop the frost from setting in further, and when I caught her eyes, they were wild.

Desperate and unhinged.

She tried to speak, but her jaw just cracked - sharp and brittle, like a candy bar snapping in half.

All in all?

It took me one long, long second to snap out of it on my end - which might as well have been an eternity.

"Lavinia-"

Then I caught a fist to the face.

Wham.

The world went sideways in a smear of white and gold, my head snapping back so fast that I felt something pop in my neck.

No wind-up. No warning.

Just eight wings and murderous intent coming in at Mach screw you.

Ezren.

Typical.

The first blow knocked me off my feet like a rocket achieving liftoff. My skull barely started ringing before I caught a flash of black feathers and gaudy leather coming in hot from the right, and I swung Serpent's Downfall at him without thinking.

It didn't get far.

The spear slammed against something bright and staticky, and the next deflection tore it right out of my grip.

What-!?

Before I could react, he decked me in the chest.

Hard.

The vibration rattled through my armour and into my teeth. I careened down, rolled mid-air out of sheer habit, and tried to land on the balls of my feet.

It was like dropping an anvil on a windshield, and I would've punched through the splintering footing if the Fallen hadn't driven into me first.

I braced both arms against the incoming kick, and it hit like a racecar at full throttle. The ice under my feet exploded out like shrapnel as I went skidding back, carving twin trenches twenty yards long before I managed to catch myself.

"Brat."

He was already coming at me again, and this time, I didn't bother recalling the spear.

I willed it, and Serpent's Downfall came blazing in for his side like a firework caught mid-explosion - for all the good that did.

His charge slowed just enough to count as he curved out of the way, and one of his fists - wrapped in that crackling, static-bright light that was nothing like man - collided with the haft.

The flare of heat vaporized the snow, and the burst of pressure that sent it flying away flattened the frozen crust in a perfect ring around us.

Figures.

His other hand shot out, palm first, and aimed right at me.

Crap.

I didn't see the blast coming, exactly. Not past the first ray of off-white light blooming along his fingertips.

I just threw my hands up and fired back.

Sunlight blitzed out like cannon fire, and both beams met in the middle with a white-hot flash that made the one before it look a dying spark in comparison.

The energy locked, and I grit my teeth and pushed against the tide, refusing to give an inch, and hyper-aware of the heat I could feel burning even against my armour and the power beneath it.

"I wasn't sure what to do with you at first."

The words cut through the storm and the supernova between us, nasty and echoing, like they were drilled straight into my skull.

Really cheerful stuff, too.

"I was only after the girl, and Greek demigods are more trouble than they're ever worth. I'd have waited out the balance breaker, roughed you up for the hell of it, and sent you back to your Gods in one piece - but now?"

The shape of him flickered in the distance - distorting and warping, wings bleeding into a hazy blur.

That was the only tell.

"I'll send you back in a casket."

The supernova detonated


"▂▃▂▃▂▃!"​

...

...

...So.

The good news was that, for that one moment right there, I wasn't cold anymore.

The bad news was that the recoil hit like the mother of all gut punches - and that was the fun part.

The heat instantly went from a solid eight to a crime against nature, and every nerve along my skin lit up like I'd been flayed raw all over.

Even through my armour... was this what a sunburn felt like for normal people?

Wow. I hate it.

The air shifted, and I looked up.

Son of a-!

Ezren fell on me like a meteor, and the fists came hammering in.

Punch.

Pain shot through my arms as I braced against the savage haymaker.

Punch.

Lower this time, to my side. My ribs rattled like dice in a cup.

Punch.

Another jab to the face.

Punch.

The blows kept coming, every bit as fast as before, and three times as vicious.

Stronger than me. By an order of magnitude.

I could fight hand-to-hand just fine - pankration training did wonders for that - but this wasn't a fairy tale.

Skill didn't get you all that far when the other guy punched like a mountain you could only track by the skin of your teeth.

Punch!

I grit my teeth, and-

One hand shot out, faster than I could block it, wrapping around my throat with crushing force.

For real this time.

"There." He hissed triumphantly, lifting me right off my feet. The acrid thrum of foreign magic shot through the roof, and I could feel my limbs lock up like he'd tased me with pure vitriol. "Isn't this better?"

The taste of blood in my mouth?

Debatable.

He didn't give me the chance to croak the snark out at him anyway, and as the cold start creeping back in...

I noticed his wings.

All seven of them.

...

The one I'd shot...

Either folded away because of the injury, or... maybe I'd given him a really good reason to hate my guts.

...

Good.

Maybe he sensed the thought, because his grip tightened monstrously. Spots danced around my vision like disco lights.

"What?" The bloodlust was rolling off him in waves. "Nothing left to say?"

Nope. I'm done.

I looked him dead in the eye one last time - just to prove a point.

You shouldn't have got so close.

Then-

I let Incinerate Anthem off its leash, and everything went up in shades of apocalyptic purple.

Fwoom.

Holy Fire erupted everywhere, searing through whatever power kept me in place and striking out at Ezren like the judgment of God.

"!!!"

There was a beat where he saw it coming.

Terror flashed in his eyes, and he tried to hurl me away on instinct.

No dice.

Both of my hands snapped out, one locking around his wrist, and the other clamping onto his face.

My thumb drove into his eye socket for good measure, and by then, it was already game over.

The flames crashed over him, swallowing his body as they raced up his arm and head and out across his wings, and he ignited like a scarecrow stuffed with dry pitch.

B̴͕͛u̷̬̒r̵̰̄n̸̛̮, H̸͖͝ĕ̵͈r̶͙̈ḙ̵̋t̸̬̓ḯ̸͚ċ̶̺!̷̘̕​

The inhuman shriek hit like a sonic boom.

The desperate, flailing backhand hit harder, and I went skipping across the ice like a rock on a frozen lake - but the damage was done.

Ezren was still burning when I slid to a stop and came up on one knee.

Wings crumbling. Skin bubbling and melting off like wax. Shape glowing brighter and brighter to the point of absurdity, and howling loud enough to wake the dead while he was at it.

The whole biblical deal.

A part of me that was more Greek than hero found that vindicating.

Isn't that better, you jackass?

The rest of me was smart enough not to wait his death out.

I teleported.

When I reappeared in front of Absolute Demise's Avatar again, I didn't hesitate.

The feeling of its awareness made my skin crawl. The completed sculpture in its grip was terrifying.

None of that - or it - stopped me from stepping up to Lavinia, and grabbing her by the shoulders.

The cold burned. The weight in the air was crushing.

But I didn't die immediately, and that was as green a flag as I was going to get.

"Time to go."

Maybe she heard me.

Odds are she didn't - she barely looked alive.

It didn't matter.

I summoned my spear back, and the last thing I heard as it came flying through the snow was the sound of a Fallen Angel incoherent, dying wails.

He still didn't sound remotely human, and Incinerate Anthem thrummed under my skin with something like menacing victory.

Then Serpent's Downfall was in my grip again, and we slipped right on out of there and into the void between worlds.

...​

Chiron was already there when I shifted us back home.

I didn't question it.

The wards around this place being what they are, he'd probably sensed what happened the second it did.

He didn't even look at me for the most part - not at first.

Lavinia took center stage.

Chiron swept towards her without a word, and the first spells were already rolling through the air before the adrenaline in my blood had time to settle.

Green light pooled under her, and the cold she gave off died on the spot, replaced by a gentle, vibrating warmth that spread through the air and quickly drove the rest of it away.

The frost went with it, cracking and peeling away in careful little spirals that melted into nothingness before they ever reached the marble floor.

"Chiron."

She looked worse with it gone.

A lot worse.

Skin stark gray and waxy, black veins spreading and darkening beneath the surface, and eyes glazed over and empty.

There was a wound, too - an ugly-looking cut that split a line down the side of her face, along her cheek and jaw, and the edges were jagged and darker than all the rest.

I winced just looking at it.

The moment the last of the ice was gone, her knees buckled.

Chiron caught her before she toppled and lowered her carefully to the floor.

"Poison," he murmured, pressing two fingers to her forehead and letting a spark of green seep into her skin. "Fomorian, if only just. And her soul has endured a truly phenomenal amount of strain."

Exactly what you want to hear.

"I didn't see her fight," I explained quickly, hovering over his shoulder as he worked. "But she used a Balance Breaker."

I told him about the frozen desert and the Avatar, and he only frowned.

"The Remnant of Morana."

"Who?"

"The Slavic Goddess of Winter and Death. Her crystalized Divine Authority makes up the lion's share of Absolute Demise's power."

...

"...Alright then."

What else was I supposed to say?

It wasn't the time for questions.

Chiron pressed his palm flat against her sternum, and the shade of light beneath her shifted again. Tiny, weaving threads rose out of it, seeping over her sides and sinking straight into her chest and temples.

The black in her veins flickered violently and then snapped inward like a rubber band, and her back arched off the ground just as fast.

Like something fresh out of a cheesy exorcism movie.

"Holy-!?"

"Fomorian venom has to be burned out, for a given value of the word." He steadied her with impassive calm, ignoring the silent, ragged gasp and the wild flutter to her eyes. "It is a remarkably unpleasant thing, even when heavily diluted."

"How bad?"

He shook his head.

"It won't kill her. I expect it won't leave lasting damage at that. Certainly nothing beyond my ability to repair. That said-"

Another full-body tremor hit her like a truck, and I grimaced as she started convulsing.

"-I doubt the experience won't be... memorable. Terrible things often are."

Ain't that the truth.

I was almost tempted to offer up the Fleece, but if Chiron needed it, he would've asked.

It didn't take long before the rot popping out along her veins started to draw back in real time.

Not all at once, but it lost ground quickly as the glow moved under her skin. The gray tint faded with it, and color crept back in until she looked less like a corpse and more like someone who'd just pulled an all-nighter in Cocytus.

I hadn't realized I'd been holding my breath until then.

The tremors eased, gradually, and her shallow breathing evened out. Even the cut on her cheek began to mend as the minutes passed - the torn edges knitting together from the inside out until only a faint, fading mark was left.

Not even a scar worth mentioning.

Finally, Chiron pulled away, and the shimmering brilliance winked out.

"That should do it."

"You transmuted the venom, didn't you?"

Alchemically breaking it down into something harmless without ever having to purge it from her system.

"Just a simple trick," he agreed lightly. "I have had my fair share of experience with venoms - and how best to unmake them."

Something about the way he said that niggled at me, but I shoved it aside for now.

Lavinia still hadn't stirred, and Chiron didn't need to follow my gaze to explain.

"She will need rest," he said. "A great deal of it. A few hours of quiet will only help."

He snapped his fingers, and she vanished with a rush of displaced air - probably conked out in some guest room across the estate.

Then he gave me a look.

"Now then-"

"Explanation time?"

"From the top, if you please."

"The Fallen Angel did it."

The look went razor sharp.

...​

It took me all of thirty seconds to run him through the story. A minute, tops.

Hell, it couldn't have been twenty since all of this kicked off, if even that.

Everything moved faster on the supernatural end of things.

Sometimes too fast.

Chiron listened impassively, for the most part.

Then he dropped a hand on my shoulder.

"You did well."

That made me straighten up - which was an achievement, now that I was calming down.

The crash after a battle rush was always a drag, and I felt heavy and dull all over.

"I got the drop on him. Things would have been different without my bow and Incinerate Anthem."

"Most likely." He didn't deny it. "Eight-winged Abrahamic Angels are dangerous enemies, Fallen or otherwise - and otherwise could have been far worse, but that is besides the point. Do you still have a lock on the realm you were taken to?"

The rea-

I blinked.

"Yes?"

To get from Point A to Point B, you usually had to be 'aware' of both, up to a point - which made hopping back and forth not all that hard, once you had a handle on it and the power to spare.

Chiron seemed satisfied with the answer.

"Good. We'll visit it as soon as present circumstances allow for it."

"What?"

"You heard me."

"...I did. Hence, I repeat: What?"

A pause.

The meaningful kind, full of tension and pressure nobody wanted to deal with and still got roped into anyway.

"My student and my guest were taken from the very foot of my home, Daniel."

He didn't raise his voice, but he didn't have to - the tone alone could make steel flinch.

"I will leave neither crime unanswered, and an investigation is due."

"Right now?"

"Sooner rather than later." There was no give there whatsoever. "The time of retaliation will come - having all the facts will only decide the scope of it."

...

He was dead serious.

Not that I expected anything else, ever, and he had every right to be...

Still.

My teacher was angry, genuinely, and the novelty value there had me feeling all giddy and vindictive again.

Fallen Angels. Utsusemi. Who cares who else.

Someone had just signed up for a world of hurt, and they didn't even know it yet.

The karma was going to be amazing.

...

...

...

Except-

Except-

...

Karma went both ways, and I was clearly waving the red cape at fate right there.

Naturally, it took me up on the challenge.

Something changed, and Chiron straightened himself.

Space flashed and parted behind us, and another shower of light broke out - the kind I knew by heart.

My shoulders slumped the second I recognised it.

Of course.

"Daniel."

"Hey, Dad. Just doing some training here." I turned around and smiled innocently. "How's tricks?"

Somehow, Apollon didn't buy my brilliant performance.

He took one look at my face - the blooming bruises, split lip, and the mess of it all - and his expression blanked in a way that probably heralded divine war crimes once upon a time.... and possibly still did.

"What. Happened?"

... Damn it.

I should have stayed with Sairaorg.

...​

Dan, on the outside, dealing with assassins, Fallen Angels, and a dead goddess Sacred Gear rewiring local reality into a hellscape:

karna-gif.gif


Dan, internally, when he realizes that all of this + Cocytus has been, like, two hours, tops:

done.gif

Artemis and the rest of the Greeks sideyeing Chiron and Apollon as they lowkey inching towards a total crash-out:

eren-yeager-eren.gif
​
As always, leave your comments and ideas, and if you don't like it, please be courteous.
Last edited: Jun 30, 2026
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Ender Wiggen, Azrael4890 and 945 others
Firewillreign
Feb 23, 2026
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Interlude - The Other Side Of The Coin
View content
Firewillreign
Firewillreign
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 26, 2023
Messages888
Likes received82,880
Mar 10, 2026
Add bookmark
#10,087
Me Sleepy. Me Have assignments.

Me Hate Uni - PLS send help!

hm.gif

Other than that, voila: our first look at a couple of devils a little closer to home.

Misla Bael:

Another day dawned over Lucifer's Underworld, and for Misla Bael - Vapula by birth, thankfully - it began in her solar.

The room was as well-kept as ever, with polished wood floors that gleamed under the morning light, and warm carpeting in shades of brown and gold.

Bookshelves lined one wall, filled with neatly organized volumes - mythology, magic theory, and even the occasional novel tucked between heavier tomes.

She'd always been an avid reader, and if some of those volumes happened to be a touch more… romantic and risqué than others...well.

No one should be begrudged their guilty pleasures. Frankly, she refused to apologize for having good taste.

Her desk was wide and orderly, missives and papers stacked in neat piles over glossy oak, a picture frame at one end, and a half-empty cup of tea steaming at the other.

There were a few other touches here and there - a pair of high-back chairs, a dormant fireplace, and a number of little bits and bobs - but they were passing details for now.

She walked to the massive double window that dominated the far wall and idly rested her hands on the frames, watching the sunrise.

The light crept slowly across the Underworld, deep and soft, painting the horizon in a way that was beautiful as it was perfectly artificial.

Truly, the New Satan's creation of the false firmament was a feat in itself.

Hark! Lo and behold, for we your rulers have shaped even the heavens to our will, and gifted them unto thee.

Or maybe that wasn't quite it, but the point stood regardless.

Whether as a gift to the reincarnated, a declaration of pure satanic power, or simply a change of pace to mark a new era, it was a statement that spanned the length of all the territories held by the Houses of Seventy-Two, and more besides.

Subtle, yet paradoxically on the nose - or over it, quite literally.

The politician in her approved.

The rest of her was content to enjoy a dawn she didn't have to journey to the mortal realm for. She took it in for a few long, calm moments more, before sighing contentedly and stepping away.

There had been a time when she thought her sunrises were numbered -artificial or otherwise.

Nothing like an impending death sentence - or as good as - to make you appreciate the little things in life.

Misla may have been saved from the Sleeping Disease in the end - a miracle in every sense of the word - but some habits the specter of it had formed were there to stay.

Still, duty called.

On cue, there came a knock at the door. Exactly three, precise and evenly spaced as always.

It opened a moment later to reveal Anton, offering her a polite smile as he stepped inside, guiding a small wheeled cart before him. Silver gleamed softly atop it - fresh tea, a covered dish, and neatly arranged cutlery.

Right on time.

"Good morning, my lady."

"Isn't it just?" she returned the smile, pausing halfway to her seat. "Anton, you know full well that formalities are unnecessary behind closed doors."

"As you say, my lady."

Right.

Some might have mistaken it for stone-faced adherence to protocol, but she knew her older cousin well enough to catch the faint thread of amusement beneath it.

She rolled her eyes fondly as she took her seat, and he set about placing the dishes before her with practiced ease, movements smooth from practice.

Sliced fruit, neatly fanned across a small plate, a scattering of candied nuts beside it, and some rather lovely-looking cake slices joined it a moment later. Buttered toast followed, along with the pot of tea, a dish of honey, some cold cuts and assorted cheese, and a little jar of dark marmalade set off to the side.

A wonderful spread.

"Join me?"

"If you wish it."

"Please."

Anton's presence would always be welcome.

He was, after all, the closest thing she had to an older brother worth a damn - far more reliable than her father or any of her uncles, and certainly better company than her younger brothers.

That had always been the case.

Her cousin had been born half a century before the Civil War, a little over five hundred years ago now. His father had been the head of a branch line of the greater clan, and his mother had been a human mage who'd been captured in some skirmish or another in the human world.

Her treatment as a prisoner was... not kind, nor fit to be spoken of in decent company. It resulted in Anton's birth and her death, and that was all that needed to be said about it.

The Lord Vapula of that time had been furious. Not over the circumstances of Anton's birth - such things had never troubled devils of his disposition - but over what he perceived as the sullying of the bloodline.

A half-breed child was a stain on the legacy of their Pillar, and if Misla's father hadn't taken Anton in, he would have been cast out into the dirt - or worse.

Not that her father had done it out of any sentiment whatsoever, mind you. He'd laugh in the face of the very thought.

Anton was not his shame - not directly - but he was of their blood.

A servant of potential, free of charge

It was the same sort of ruthless thinking that eventually carried her father to the head of the Pillar, earning him the title of Lord Vapula after the main line was wiped out in the Civil War.

Nevertheless.

Anton had been a part of her life since the day she was born, and she wouldn't have it any other way.

They ate in silence for the first little while, letting the morning pass them by, before his eyes eventually strayed to the piles littering her desk.

"Quite a bit to get through."

"Don't remind me." Just looking at them made her cringe in distaste. "What endless delights I've woken up to."

Life hadn't stopped for anyone but her when the Sleeping Disease had finally taken her, and the Underworld had kept turning - and so had its devils.

Territories under her oversight were eyed like prized cattle.

Business interests she had a stake in found themselves suddenly - and oh so conveniently - contested.

Contracts were poked and prodded, tested for any give.

Anything. Everything.

If it was worth something and not locked down tighter than the Vatican, it drew eyes and claws alike.

Par for the course, really.

Any hint of opportunity, or weakness, or both, and Misla's so-called 'peers' swarmed like locusts.

They'd probably started sharpening their knives before she'd even closed her eyes, and even Sairaorg hadn't been spared.

The thought made something sharp and venomous bristle in her chest, before she forced it down with a careful inhale and another sip of tea.

It was also to be expected, in some sense.

Her son was a noble twice over, and a Bael before all else.

Failure or otherwise - another flare of loathing she had to swallow at the thought alone - he was valuable.

By the same token, he was protected. To a degree.

Whatever her contemptible husband's opinion, Zekram would forgive no great overstep against a descendant who bore his name.

The Ruin Lord had sown carnage and destruction far and wide for far less, and though he rarely stood in the public eye, the specter of him loomed all the same.

But Zekram Bael also did as he pleased.

When he chose to act, he moved those beneath him like pieces on a board - toward prosperity or misery as it suited him - and thought nothing of it so long as the ends aligned with his will.

That was why there no relying on him.

Not truly.

His reputation was a shield, but his attention was a blade that cut both ways, and then a third for good measure.

"Something the matter?"

Anton's sudden question derailed that line of thought, and Misla blinked, startled by how far her mind had wandered.

"The usual."

She wiped her hands with a napkin before reaching over to pat the nearest stack of papers.

"Years of pileup. So much to get through, and every line on the checklist is just as tedious as the rest."

"I see," Anton said, voice even. "How troublesome."

"Absolutely."

"..."

"..."

Silence.

He sipped his tea.

She stared at him.

A moment passed.

"...Well?"

"Is there something you require, my lady?"

She gave him a flat look. "Anton."

"Yes?"

"I know full well you've read everything in that stack."

In every stack, more like.

"Hardly. I would never act with such impudence." He set his cup down with a soft clink. "I merely skimmed a handful."

Skimmed.

Misla couldn't quite stop the twitch at the corner of her mouth.

Of course he'd read them. He couldn't leave dangerous 'offers' lying about where Sairaorg might get at them before he had a few more years of experience - and she loved him all the more for it.

"Well, since you've skimmed…" She gestured to the mountain of papers expectantly. "You can help me sort through the chaff."

"Of course, my lady." His expression didn't twitch an inch, but it was all in the eyes if one knew to look for it. "If I may?"

He waved a hand, and the stacks obeyed, lifting into the air under the spell. Papers floated and swapped in tandem, sliding neatly into place before finally settling into three separate piles once more.

She hummed and leaned forward to look them over.

"By category or by priority?"

"By intent." Anton corrected, before pointing to the first pile. "Offers made in 'good faith'."

They both nearly snorted, though he hid it better than she did.

Good faith in affairs like this almost always meant not actively malicious, for now.

Even then, be wary.

He gestured to the second pile.

"Ambitious overreach, but well-mannered.'

And the third-

"Deliberate insult, or genuine idiocy. More the former than the latter, I hope, or else one could truly weep for the state of our nobility."

This time, she did snort.

"Never change, Anton." She reached for the top letter from the third pile, cracking the seal with a flick of her fingers. "Never-"

The words died in her throat as she read over the lines.

A missive from one Elvira Flauros - a conniving little pest from a branch family of said Pillar, and a woman Misla had never had much patience for to begin with.

Too indolent and hedonistic by half, and a widow thrice over despite their shared age - and everyone with a shred of intelligence to their name knew that at least two of those untimely deaths she had likely had a hand in herself.

But the letter wasn't addressed to Misla.

It was to Sairaorg.

Worthless condolences over the state of Misla and her fall to the Sleeping Disease. An empty promise of help, however way she could. An invitation to-

...

"Ah." She smiled serenly. "I'm going to rip her spine out through her throat."

"Please don't, my lady." He didn't miss a beat "The consequences would be irritating at best."

"Don't worry. I'll feed it back to her when I'm done."

So she could rinse and repeat, as many times as needed.

Or until she grew bored, whichever came first.

If the hideous little vulture was bold enough to circle her son - angling for a debt, or a favour, or something altogether more perverse - then she was bold enough to weather a little correction.

If she wasn't, the problem would still solve itself one way or another.

"The point stands," Anton said, dry and not especially concerned. "If you must, I humbly request that you do so somewhere that won't stain the carpets."

Misla... paused.

"That happened only the once."

"Three times, my lady."

"Two and a half," she protested immediately. "The last one doesn't count, and it was eighty years ago at that."

She hadn't even been the aggressor there - those deranged cultists had been attacking her.

"It cost us a tapestry," he reminded her flatly. "The gold-threaded Assyrian was one of a kind. Beyond repair."

Misla waved a hand dismissively. "It was hideous."

"It was ancient."

So she was ever reminded.

"Ancient things can still be ugly."

"And the west wing of the castle?"

"...It was in the way."

"My lady."

"Fine." She slapped the letter down and took a deep, calming breath. "We can shelf all talk of Elvira Flauros's entirely hypothetical evisceration for the moment."

They could always circle back to the specifics once she knew exactly how much violent disembowelment was due, and on whose account.

"That is all I ask."

Anton seemed pleased.

Positively stone-faced, but pleased.

"Don't be smug, cousin."

"Certainly not." He lied smoothly. "I only advise patience. There are plenty more matters left to test it."

She eyed the stacks waiting off to the side, and her nose wrinkled.

"Lovely."

...​

The next hour and a half was an exercise in restraint the likes of which would have driven saints to heresy.

She spent it sifting, skimming, and occasionally muttering curses under her breath at the sheer - and growing - audacity of what seemed like every conniving parasite under the false sun, and more to spare.

The gall of these animals.

Anton hovered nearby, ever the picture of polite attention, occasionally placing a fresh cup of tea within reach and offering the rare bit of commentary when she prodded him for it.

By the time she was halfway through the lot, her mind was threatening a migraine and she could hardly blame it for the mutiny.

Finally, she groaned and quietly pushed the remaining paperwork aside, leaning back in her chair with a posture that could generously be called 'reposed' - noble women do not slump, of course - and idly massaged her temples.

"It's as if half of them have given up on dignity entirely," she muttered, eyeing the leftover paperwork like a decanter of bubbling poison . "And most of the ones left are too stupid to recognise it."

Not that that excused them from her eventual vengeance, but, Satan below, what a pathetic mess.

"I did warn you. That aside, however…" Anton waited until she met his gaze. "There is a silver lining."

She raised a brow.

"The news of your awakening and subsequent return will send them all into hysterics of a most satisfying sort, and you won't have to lift a finger to enjoy them."

Hah.

The laugh bubbled out of her before she could stop it, because he wasn't wrong.

The estate had been on lockdown from nearly the instant Misla had awoken. No one in, and no one out, save for Anton, her son, herself, and one exception - the single linchpin who had set all of this in motion.

Nobody knew that Misla had 'bested' the Sleeping Disease - no devil ever had - and that was entirely by design.

Once the word broke, the fireworks would be spectacular, and she had every intention of timing the revelation for maximum impact.

October thirty-first.

Samhain.

The Night of the Thinning Veil, or so the mortal myths went.

It was also the night of one of the Bael family's grand annual balls, and everyone who was anyone in the Underworld would be invited, theatrics and all.

The perfect stage.

"A little over a month to go."

"Indeed."

A few weeks more, and Misla and Sairaorg would make their triumphant return for all to see and seethe - along with a special guest or two, circumstances permitting.

It would be magnificent.

Dangerous too, in all likelihood, but danger was only relative.

Nothing worth doing had ever been easy, after all. Nor safe at that. And for the crime of dismissing her son as worthless?

A reckoning was long overdue.

"Heavy thoughts?"

"The heaviest."

...

Though maybe it was time to switch tracks, if her mood was so clearly starting to show.

She rose from her chair and threw her arms up in a lazy stretch, letting her back pop as she arched.

Oh, but that felt good after hours in place.

A little pacing helped get her blood flowing, and Anton stepped aside with a small smile as she drifted past - he knew her habits well.

Eventually, she stopped beside a marble pedestal.

One of a handful scattered throughout the solar, each holding up some trinket or curiosity gathered over the years.

This one, however, carried something altogether more striking.

A gem, nestled on a raised cushion.

No bigger than an apple, perfectly cut, and absolutely alive with its own inner light - and what a glow that was.

White at the heart, with shards of fractal color flickering along the edges, and all the more brilliant for it.

Calling it radiant didn't quite do it justice.

Misla had never seen anything like it - not without magic at play, obviously, and that often defeated the point.

Not here.

Then again, when she really stopped to think about it, the beauty was the least relevant part of its value.

The fact that it had been a gift from Sairaorg - a little treasure he'd picked up on some adventure with his friend - made it truly priceless.

And speaking of said friend...

Her thoughts inevitably drifted back to Daniel Winchester.

How Sai had managed to not only end up under the legendary Chiron's tutelage, but also strike up a friendship with a Greek demigod - an Olympian one, at that - still baffled her.

Greece was off-limits to the lords and heirs of the assorted Pillars, on account of that diplomatic cataclysm of an incident a few centuries back -the stupidity there had been positively breathtaking.

Official relations were beyond non-existent - even the hope of them was dead and buried, the ground salted, and always one minor provocation away from open disaster.

For her son to get as far as he did, unopposed and unharmed...

She'd almost suspect foul play, only that didn't quite fit.

There was no point in sight, no hidden snare she could see, and Sai had flourished beyond even her wildest expectations.

The pinnacle of High-Class already, and he'd done it in less than a year.

Ludicrous growth even by the standards of the Great War - and in this era of relative peace…

He'd eat the competition alive, and dive right back in for seconds.

Misla's pride burned so fiercely at the thought she had to smile.

There was much she didn't know - secrets her son and his friend kept that she could only guess at, refusing to pry - but the results spoke for themselves.

Even still…

Her mind kept shifting back to the logistics of what came next.

Sairaorg's strength. Her reawakening.

The connection to the Olympian Pantheon through the world's most famous centaur, and the only other student he'd picked up in a very, very long time.

All of it would shine the spotlight on them, and there'd be no going back after the fact.

Serafall Leviathan alone would take immediate interest - and frankly, Misla wouldn't put it past her to camp outside their door in search of answers.

The woman had always been too eccentric by half - nor would she be the only one.

Not by a long shot.

"Things are going to get quite loud."

"I imagine so." Anton agreed readily enough. "Does that displease you?"

"There's no point in being upset over the inevitable," she said. This was always going to happen. "But a mother is allowed to worry."

To that, he inclined his head.

By Anton's standards, that was almost a shrug.

"Lord Sairaorg is capable."

"That he is."

"And the meeting today will be good practice for the future."

She blinked.

"Oh. That."

Despite the estate being sealed off for the time being, Sairaorg was expecting guests.

Though expecting might be a strong word.

'Politely resigned' fit better, and as for the guests themselves...

A girl from the Abaddon Clan, and an attendant who bore the name of Andrealphus - for whatever that was worth, given that the Pillar was officially extinct.

Human-blooded, then, or something of the sort that barred her from heirship if the name and lineage were genuine.

Other than that, they were unremarkable, if apparently quite persistent.

Good for them.

Misla would have still had Anton turn them away with one excuse or another, had he not suggested otherwise himself.

Something about settling the matter once and for all.

Sairaorg had reluctantly agreed, and here they were.

"Tell me about them again?"

"There's not much to say, my lady." He adjusted his cuffs with practiced ease. "They are obviously rather dogged, and set on making their case to Lord Sairaorg. But I do not believe you'll find them unworthy of the attempt."

The emphasis there was pointed, and her eyes narrowed.

"Meaning?"

"From all that I've seen, sparse as that has been..." He paused, picking the words carefully. "They are precisely the sort of young devils the current regime approves of."

Which... told her many things, and nothing at all.

Typical.

All the same, her interest was piqued.

"This should be interesting, isn't it?"

Her cousin gave another rare smile.

"That is entirely up to the youth."

...​

Kuisha Abaddon:

Kuisha wasn't sure whether she wanted to laugh or cry.

The grand hall of the Vapula estate loomed above her, and for all that it was warmly lit, the glow bouncing off the walls might as well have been searing.

The coach beneath her was plush and comfortable, and the furniture was polished to near-gleaming. A few pieces of art hung along the walls, and those were more tasteful than gaudy.

Even the air smelled nice, with a scent that was one part wax, old wood, and something pleasantly floral that hit just right.

All in all?

Perfectly civilized.

Somehow, that made the urge to fidget worse.

Of all the times to come down with nerves!

Coriana sat beside her, hands folded in her lap, mirroring her posture right down to the polite, very carefully rehearsed smile.

And right across from them - past a coffee table loaded with refreshments she'd never be able to stomach under this kind of pressure, and another couch to boot - sat Sairaorg Bael.

He just sat there, dressed in half-formal wear and stared at them placidly, and something about that focus was... intense.

In a way it hadn't been before, and Kuisha would know.

It wasn't the first time they'd met.

Not the second or even the third, either, but given that he didn't look half a second away from storming off mid-conversation, this was already shaping up to be a better encounter than the last.

"Lord Sairaorg-"

"Hold on."

Or maybe not.

"I'd like to say something before we get started." He added, before the sickly feeling of defeat - another one - could start pooling in her gut. "Just to get a few things out of the way."

"Of course." "Please."

Coriana's answer quickly overlapped with her own - she was just as nervous, poker face or no, and it showed - but the Bael barely seemed to register it.

"Great." He clapped his hands together lightly and leaned forward an inch. "First things first: you can drop the 'lord' bit. Everything about this is already a bit much without the added formality stacked on top. Just call me Sairaorg - Sai, if you want."

Over my dead body.

"If you prefer it, Sairaorg."

"And that goes both ways." Coriana added with a muted flourish, which got a nod out of him for the effort.

"Thank you. I'll take you up on that." He let that hang for a second, before nodding again. "Moving on now - what do you want?"

"...Pardon?"

"You want something from me." He said, and the honesty there was so raw she almost flinched. "I know you do, and you both know I know, and I'd rather not play twenty different word games dancing around the point. That'd be a waste of everyone's time, so let's just skip through all of that and get right down to it. Deal?"

...

Too blunt. Way too blunt.

For a moment, Kuisha scrambled.

She could just about feel Coriana doing the same.

The etiquette lessons and the rules of decorum she'd memorised back to front flashed through her mind, it took her a second longer than she'd have ever liked to force her thoughts in order.

"What we've always wanted." She answered with confidence she didn't truly feel. "A position in your Peerage, should you be open to granting us the opportunity."

The solid truth, but in as few words as she could put it.

When in doubt, keep it short.

Sairaorg raised a brow.

"My currently non-existent peerage, you mean?"

"Currently." Coriana latched on to that. "That's the operative word, isn't it?"

"...Maybe. Maybe not. What's it to you?"

The words were perfectly mild as he looked from her to Kuisha and back again.

"Why would either of you want to join my peerage?"

It was a fair question.

Direct, just like he promised, and unapologetically pointed.

Of course, Kuisha couldn't answer it with the first thing that popped to mind.

Because he represented a chance at something great.

Cast out or not, Sairaorg was still a member of the Great King's bloodline. He had resources, connections, and power to spare, even if it wasn't of the kind a Pillar noble was expected to have before all else.

He'd never claim heirship over the house - that position was well and truly supplanted by his brother, Magdaran - but given enough time and even a smidgen of drive, he could still reach heights most devils could only ever dream of.

Higher than anything she or Coriana could realistically aspire to, even.

Even discarded, a failed Bael was worth more than a successful Abaddon.

The thought made another unpleasant emotion curdle in her veins, before she crushed it down again.

Extra Demons were largely irrelevant in this day and age.

Outliers like Roygun Belphegor and Bedeze were just that - exceptions to the norm.

Getting worked up over the facts was a waste of time.

She'd much rather do something about them, and Sairaorg was still waiting for an answer.

"I believe we can all help each other."

The boy crossed his arms and leaned back.

"That right?"

"Yes." She held her hand out to the side, far enough away that it couldn't be mistaken for anything even remotely threatening. "I possess my Clan Trait: Hole."

A flicker of demonic power was all it took for space to warp and twist across the room, before collapsing into an obsidian rift.

Perfectly spherical, and perfectly controlled - for storage or spatial travel or whatever else in between - before another flick of her fingers dissipated it like it never was.

Without missing a beat, Coriana raised her hand to take her place - just like they'd practiced.

"And I possess my Clan Trait: Frostflame."

A torch's worth of fire blazed across her palm, blue and ghostly, and the temperature in the room plummeted instantly. Even the lights seemed to flicker and dim, until she clenched her fist and snuffed it out.

Sairaorg was staring patiently when Coriana turned back to him, and Kuisha had never looked away.

He wasn't impressed.

Not unimpressed, either.

Just patient.

She tried not to let it get under her skin as she spoke.

"We have power, and you have standing - more than we'll ever have, even now. "

Strike while the iron's hot.

"As one Peerage, we can pool all of that together. Cover our bases and carve ourselves a place in the Underworld that no one would be able to deny, with you as the King you should have been regardless."

...

...

...

The immediate silence was deafening.

The seconds after it were glacial and painful in a way that made Kuisha's skin feel three sizes too tight and counting.

Miserable with sheer expectation.

Did I overdo it?

She tried not to look at Coriana.

Please tell me I didn't overdo it.

Then Sairaorg cleared his throat.

"... Well." He leaned back in his seat, crossing one leg over the other as he went. "That was interesting."

Neither of them said a word.

They didn't even consider it.

"It was a good pitch, really. Very straightforward, and not nearly as condescending as it could have been, so props for that too. I'm impressed."

But?

Kuisha knew it was coming.

"That said... it was still pretty flawed."

And there it is.

"Flawed?"

"Absolutely." Sairaorg smiled, and the way his eyes seemed to glint had something at the back of her neck spiking to attention as fast as it could. "See, the thing is... I don't lack for power."

That was all the warning they got, before a wave of pure pressure slapped down over the room with all the subtlety of a hurricane.

Boom.

The floor trembled. The walls shook. The crystal chandelier kicked off an orchestra of shivering glass.

And they were the lucky ones.

The force hit them, and the air evacuated Kuisha's lungs faster than she could blink. Coriana's fist nearly speared through the couch as she clawed at it with a sudden jerk.

Her bones alone felt like they were quivering from the inside out, and when she looked up, wide-eyed-

"Sorry about that."

-everything cut off.

The pressure vanished, and the tremors died with it.

Instantly.

"My bad." Sairaorg offered breezily, uncrossing his legs and leaning forward again over the sound of settling glass. "Guess I didn't tone it down enough."

"Tone-" Coriana's voice was only halfway strangled, which was better than what Kuisha could have managed right about then. "That was toned down."

"Sure." There was no lie there. He didn't need one. "A little under a tenth of my output, give or take a smidge."

...

A tenth.

...

That overwhelming pressure.

...

One. Tenth.

...

...

...

I made a mistake.

Or maybe the Baels did.

Either way, when she met Sairaorg's eyes again, she held her composure.

How, she had no idea.

Her blood was probably more adrenaline and concentrated incredulity than it would ever be in her life, but she managed it.

Then she echoed his words.

"I'm impressed."

"Thank you." He said graciously - and maybe with a little finality - but she wasn't done.

She couldn't be.

Not after all this.

Not a chance in hell.

"I'm impressed," She repeated again. "But not discouraged!"

Sairaorg...

He stopped.

"No?"

"Not at all."

"... Go on."

That time, she heard it.

Saw it, too, if only a little.

For the first time since their conversation began - since they'd met, period - there was a different light in his eyes when he looked at her.

Amusement? Acknowledgement?

A sliver of respect?

...

It didn't matter.

Full speed ahead.

"Speaking of power is one thing, and small demonstrations like this are all well and good, but if you want to make an informed decision, you might as well see us at our best - or do you disagree?"

Take the bait. Take the bait. Take the bait.

"...Where are you going with this?"

Yes!

"To its natural conclusion, obviously."

Kuisha was aware of many things then.

The rush of blood in her ears. The pounding of her heart.

The look of ludicrous disbelief Coriana was nailing to her head with all the force of a supernova - or itching to, at least.

Even the voice of self-preservation in her head that was cursing her out in several dozen languages and in ways that defied devil comprehension to boot.

She ignored all of it.

The only thing she focused on then was the expression on his face as she stood up and steeled her spine with all the determination she could muster - and plenty of spite, too.

All or nothing - and I'm not giving up.

"Sairaorg Bael?"

She looked him dead in the eye and smiled, trying not to die on the inside all the while.

"I challenge you to a duel."

...

Misla, calmly drinking her morning tea and giving off some of this energy for messing with her kid:

sherlock-planned.gif

Sairaorg, lowkey vibing about the fact that he's the absolute strongest in the room with no fancy clan trait or anything:

gojo-satoru-gojo.gif

Kuisha, facing up to reality (cough, Sai's strength, cough) and deciding she's gonna roll with it anyway.

this-is-my-life-now-done.gif

Meanwhile, Coriana:

mistakes-were-made-jensen-ackles.gif

As always, leave your comments and ideas, and if you don't like it, please be courteous.
Last edited: Mar 10, 2026
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Ender Wiggen, Azrael4890 and 839 others
Firewillreign
Mar 10, 2026
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks We Talk About Family Two, The Sequel.
View content
Firewillreign
Firewillreign
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 26, 2023
Messages888
Likes received82,880
Mar 23, 2026
Add bookmark
#10,538
Ever played with a magnifying glass on a hot summer day? Held it up against some cheap plastic junk or something?

Yours truly did that this one time growing up, and I ended up melting a hole clean through my favourite toy truck.

Getting grilled by Apollon after the fiasco of a morning I'd just had felt a bit like being under a magnifying glass myself, so…

Yeah. I could relate to that truck now.

Parental concern was scary stuff.

Olympian parental concern was a whole different kind of problem.

On the bright side - pun, forever intended - Chiron was on the job.

He waited just long enough for me to recount the story to Dad - from the trip to Cocytus, to the kidnapping, to the fight with Ezren Vale - and then he stepped in.

The next thing I knew, the two of them were breaking out into rapid-fire Greek, and the strangest part?

I couldn't understand them.

My translation spell was always running in the background, to the point where actualising it was pure, consistent instinct at this point, but it didn't help me any here.

I recognised… some of the dialect, vaguely, but the rest?

It might as well have been Martian.

The tone was easy to place, though.

Dad was furious.

I could feel it, even with every word flat and perfectly level. Like the pressure that builds up in the back of your ears right before they pop.

Which was… comforting, sure. The fact that he cared.

Also intimidating, for entirely obvious reasons.

Or maybe intimidating was the wrong word.

Serious fit better.

Deadly serious.

Either way, Chiron was clearly in the same boat, and just as good with his poker face. The two of them went back and forth for a minute -two tops- before Dad's attention snapped right back to me again.

I straightened up on reflex.

"Hi?"

He didn't say anything, at first.

Just looked at me instead, all pointed and intense, and snapped his fingers in my general direction.

Warmth washed over me from head to toe, bright and fast as a flicker. My busted lip knit together, the bruises littering my face faded, and a jolt of energy ran through me like a double shot of caffeine straight to the veins.

"Woah."

I'd already been healing on my own, and I would've been fine in no time at all, but this made that look like amateur hour.

I felt incredible.

"Better?"

The word came out with all the emotional depth of a cinder block.

"Downright peachy." I patted myself down and grinned. "Thanks, Dad."

He didn't buy it.

"Don't thank me for that, you chaos-prone menace of a child."

"Hey!"

"Are you going to argue the point?"

"…Well, no, but it's still mean."

That got a snort, and the pressure wafting off of him dropped a tad.

Just the one, but it counted.

"'Mean', he says. I should assign you a platoon of Hyperboreans for a personal guard. Even that might not be enough to keep up with you."

"Now you're just doubling down."

Then I blinked.

"Also, Hyperboreans?"

I knew who they were - Chiron had covered them once, way back when, and the library wasn't short on reading material.

The mythical, blessed people who lived 'beyond the north wind,' beloved by Phoebus Apollon.

But in this day and age...

"How would that even work-?"

"I would command it, and so it would be."

"..."

"..."

"... Not what I was asking-" And he absolutely knew it, no way he didn't "-but fair enough."

I could fish for answers later.

"I'm glad we agree."

Yep. Definitely messing with me.

"So?"

He gave me another long, careful look, and the mood shifted again.

"You're unshaken."

Unshake-?

Oh.

"Dad, I'm fine."

It wasn't the first time I'd gotten caught up in a tight spot, and - let's face it - it wouldn't be the last.

At this point, given everything, 'off-the-rails' might as well be my middle name.

Still.

Today hadn't been a walk in the park, but when was it ever?

"Things got hairy for a second, but I handled it - I won."

I always do...

Eventually.

Apollon took that in for another minute, and he didn't blink once.

Honestly, it was a little concerning.

The seconds ticked by.

Then, abruptly, he smiled.

"So you did."

And there it was.

The satisfaction and pride in that one expression took the leftover edge off the room with feeling, and hit me with an entirely different kind of warmth.

"Well done."

Boy, was that something.

"Yeah, well." I shrugged it off as best I could and finally dismissed my armour, shifting it back to its storage space in a flash of gold. "They totally had it coming."

That was about when Chiron cleared his throat and cut in.

"Quite." We both turned back to him. "And now comes the matter of retribution."

Apollon's eyes flashed.

"That was never in question."

It really wasn't.

Not with the slight against Chiron through Lavinia, and then me, and that was before the 'son of Apollon' bit got weighed in.

"When you say 'retribution'-"

He patted me on the shoulder.

Once.

"Let's not spoil the surprise."

Lovely

"For the moment, it's nothing to worry yourself with," Chiron threw in his two cents. "The matter will be settled. Approaching the Grigori for restitution is simple enough, and as for these Utsusemi-"

"All the simpler, given enough time." Apollon finished darkly.

Real positive vibes there, I tell you.

"Ezren said they were new on the supernatural scene."

Which may or may not have been a lie - I wasn't about to trust anything out of the undearly departed nutcase, may he rest in ashes - but my teacher rolled with it anyway.

"The connection to the Five Principal Clans is worth noting."

"If they are outcasts, it is irrelevant," Apollon countered. "The Kami will care little and less for the leavings of their mortal charity cases."

"Kami?" I stared between the two of them. "As in Shinto? The heavenly spirits?"

The primeval gods and divine spirits of Japan, basically, but there was more to it than just that.

Then again, that was true for every pantheon to ever pantheon, so there.

"The very same." Chiron agreed. "We've touched on the Clans before, briefly. What do you remember?"

"The basics?"

Five original families blessed by the powers that be to protect humanity from dangers galore, uphold the virtues of heaven, and all that jazz.

Except I couldn't say that with Dad right there and looking at me, so I cleaned it up a little.

"They're the supernatural overseers of... parts of Japan, right? Running on 'divine mandate?'"

"An interpretation of it, yes, though in reality, that only extends so far. Ancestral and inherited blessings are a given - the very root of their prominence - but direct involvement is rarer in this era, though not unheard of, and their collective favour with the deities they worship waxes and wanes with the centuries."

"And merit," Apollon added lightly. "Exceptional mortals will always draw more attention than the rest."

"Okay." That made sense. "So what does this have to do with the Utsusemi?"

"Optimistically?" Chiron stroked his beard. "Nothing at all. The Agency the Fallen spoke of exists - allegedly - as a gathering that splintered off from the Five Principal Clans sometime in the recent past. A rogue faction, so to speak."

It hit me in half a second.

"So the Kami have no reason to get involved."

"Correct." He nodded approvingly. "The Five Principal Clans have the backing of the Kami, in theory, but effectively stand on their own for the most part. Problems of their own making are not the concern of the gods who empowered them - doubly so when those problems apparently do not wield that vaunted power regardless. Therefore, this Utsusemi Agency is twice removed as a potential diplomatic risk."

"Which means they don't have to clean up the mess unless it gets out of hand," I quickly realized. "But it also means they can't complain if Dad decides to go all biblical on them instead. Not after this stunt."

Putting it together wasn't- Wait.

Pause.

I glanced at Apollon, and damn it, he was already raising a faintly amused brow my way.

"Er, I mean, not 'biblical'-"

"Of course not. I could do far better than that." He waved off my twitch with a faint, growing smirk - or something close enough to pass muster. "And the Kami won't be a problem. Granted, Takamagahara will use any pretext to act if given enough in the way of provocation, but I have no intention of having them interfere as I excise a rot they let grow in their own domain."

Chiron hummed. "Intermediaries, then?"

"For now." Apollon didn't deny it. "I have some ideas. Artemis's hunters are ever convenient, and they're already due for a trip to Japan. A little investigation on the side won't delay them overmuch."

"I see."

I didn't.

"Aunt A's sending hunters to Japan?" They both turned to look at me. "Why?"

Even if they were mortal worshippers - most of them - they technically counted as part of her retinue, and that meant just about everything about them reflected her will.

They had plenty of leeway to do whatever, but also wouldn't make a move without her say-so.

"A little favour I cashed in with my dear sister, but never mind that. You have bigger concerns."

"I do?"

He turned to look me right in the eye, and I felt a sudden ominous sense of doom.

Call it demigod instincts.

"You're grounded."

"..."

"..."

"....Come again?"

Chiron snorted.

"No, seriously, what?"

He waited just long enough for my jaw to drop before his lips quirked up again, and right about then, that was as good as hysterical laughter.

"Kidding." He reached over to ruffle my hair. "To an extent, that is. I'll be readying a response for the Grigori the rest of the miserable pond scum responsible for this-"

The vitriol there was quiet, but still plenty murderous.

"-and I would prefer that you stay somewhere inarguably secure for the next few hours. A day at most."

Which was... not that big deal at all, actually.

The surprise must have shown on my face, because he huffed an amused breath and took a step back.

"Not what you were expecting?"

I started at him funny.

"You want me to stay in the house all day?"

"No particularly." He shook his head. "Stay within the city itself, and that will be enough."

Even better.

Heck, Sairaorg wasn't here, and if Lavinia hadn't shown up, I'd have probably spent the day down at the arcade anyway.

"I'm not complaining, but why?"

"A precaution, nothing more."

But I could tell that wasn't it.

He was damn near radiating I-know-something-you-don't energy.

"Dad?"

"Ask me again when I choose to unground you."

I made a face, and it got one last laugh out of him before he turned back to face Chiron.

"The girl?

"Miss Reni is recovering. Given the circumstances, she remains my guest for the time being."

He didn't argue the point.

"Good. Then I leave it all to you."

"Always a pleasure, Lord Apollon."

Dad nodded once, tipping his head back just enough to catch my eye and wink.

"Stay safe."

Then he was gone - vanishing in a shower of golden sparks before I could get another word in edgewise.

...

"Well." Chiron was the first to break the silence. "That's that, I suppose."

I groaned and dropped right down to the floor.

"I'm done with today."

"Daniel, it's not even noon."

"And that's the problem."

"Hmm. Tea?"

"Uggggh."

…​

I took the tea.

Then I took a hike.

Lavinia wasn't awake yet, and according to Chiron, she wouldn't be for a while.

Fomorian beast venom was nasty like that - a poison ripped straight out of a chaotic sea monster or twenty that made life a nightmare for humanity in Celtic mythology.

Or history, I guess.

Not to be confused with the actual Fomorians, who held their leash and were locked in an arctic cold war with the Tuatha Dé Danann - the Celtic Pantheon - since the death of their Tyrant-King, Balor of the Evil Eye.

And yes, I'm quoting Chiron.

Sue me.

Point is, whatever got Lavinia was watered down to almost nothing, and that was the only reason she wasn't a lot worse off, Longinus or no.

"Any purer, and it would have been quite lethal," Chiron told me on the way out. "Crippling, at best. She'll need at least a day to get back on her feet as it is."

Which was kind of an understatement.

She was practically in a coma - a temporary one, sure, but still - and Sairaorg was still off handling devil business, so I went to the one place left that just felt right.

"Dan?"

Aunt Sarah blinked as soon as the door swung open and saw me standing on their new front porch.

"Hi. Can I come in?"

"Don't be silly."

Spoiler alert: The new Winchester Central was a teensy bit of an upgrade over the original.

The entryway alone was four times bigger than the original. Everything from then on was either polished marble and stone, warm wood, or clear triple-paned glass, and that carried through for all three storeys and the half dozen rooms between them - more, even - including the basement.

And there was the magic.

It was everywhere, surrounding the grounds and the gardens, and centered on the house.

Taking the first step in was like walking straight into warm honey.

Not enough to stop me, or even hurt - I was keyed into the wards before anyone else - but it still dragged, heavy and present in a way I couldn't have missed if I were half-dead and six feet under.

Good.

I wouldn't have had it any other way.

Getting my family moved into this place had been easy as anything. Chiron hadn't even waited for me to finish asking before stepping in, and bam.

Sparkling dream house with a view to die for and enough security to survive a supernatural war breaking out next door.

That centaur never did anything by halves.

I tried to make an argument about paying for everything myself - it was the least I could do, and it wasn't like I couldn't afford it a hundred times over - but he shut that down so fast I barely got three words in.

Cue the three-hour lecture on gift-giving, more home economics, appropriate financial management, and all the creative ways to call me an idiot without actually coming out and saying it.

Very educational.

It also made me die inside, just a little, but that's all relative.

Fast forward a couple of weeks, and here we are.

I snagged a seat at the counter as Aunt Sarah marched us into the kitchen, probably in an effort to avoid destroying whatever it was roasting in the oven.

"Everything alright?"

I shrugged, glancing around the kitchen.

It matched the rest of the house - all marble and stone work and fancy gizmos everywhere - and there were a few pictures magnetized to the fridge.

Katie and Alex, and then Uncle David and me, and a few crayon drawings to round off the set.

"I had some time, and a rough morning. Figured I'd check in… see how things are going."

And hey, if I happened to score some emotional support hugs from the cutest little cousins in the universe, who was gonna complain?

"'Rough morning,' huh?" Her brows furrowed, and she slowly slid into the chair across from me. "You want to tell me what that means?"

"Just the usual."

"Dan."

I hesitated.

"...Think about the life I've got going for me these days, then ask yourself whether or not you actually want me to answer that."

It took her a second to process that.

Then she winced.

"Ah."

Yeah. Thought so.

There was no chance I'd ever tell her, anyway - not everything.

I'd outright killed people today, and even if I was filtering that out through the 'live or die, us or them' part of my demigod lizardbrain, it wasn't the prettiest feeling in the world.

"Are you safe?"

Hah.

"When am I not?"

She gave me a suspicious look, and I smiled innocently.

Eventually, she sighed and let it go.

"Sometimes, I really do miss being able to send you to your room."

My smile turned smug, and she didn't miss it.

"Daniel Winchester, you wipe that look off your face or so help me-"

"Okay, okay, I give. Full surrender." I raised my hands and snorted. "Jeez, Aunt Sarah."

"Better."

She shook her head, muttering something under her breath, but the corner of her mouth twitched.

"Any other questions?"

"Would I get a straight answer if I asked?"

"I'll give you four in ten odds, and that's as high as it goes."

"You cheeky punk."

"It's part of my charm."

That got me a huffy ear pull before she got up to fiddle with the oven again.

"So… where's Uncle David?"

The girls were here - I could sense as much, out in the back yard - but him?

Nada.

"Job interview."

I...

Huh.

"Already?"

I knew that moving from one world to another wasn't as easy as just popping up - especially not if you stuck to the mortal end of things more than the supernatural.

Chiron had helped with all the finicky paperwork and the little details in between, but I'd thought they'd need a little more time to hit the ground running.

Apparently not.

"You know your uncle. Work gives him a schedule, and a schedule gives him peace of mind."

Fair.

She opened the fridge, grabbed a bottle of OJ, and poured us each a glass before settling back in the chair across from me. The orange scent hit my nose, bright and sharp against the faint smell of cinnamon in the air.

Just like home.

"Thanks."

"Mm." She took a sip. "We've started looking into schools for the girls, and I'm trying to sniff out a good teaching job on the side. Fingers crossed it all lines up and makes life a bit easier."

"So you've got everything figured out?"

"Oh, God no." She laughed like it was the best joke she'd heard all week. "But we're chugging along, and the sooner we get the ball rolling, the sooner things start to feel… normal."

"...Right."

Normal.

Of course.

Hard to blame them for missing it, after being uprooted from everything they'd ever known.

Because of me.

Aunt Sarah's eyes narrowed.

"What was that?"

"What?"

"That look, right now."

"What look?"

"..."

"..."

"...Dan, you don't feel- ugh, what am I saying, of course you do."

She closed her eyes and pinched the bridge of her nose.

Then she looked up at me.

"You shouldn't be feeling guilty about all of this."

"I'm not!"

"..."

"..."

".... Okay, maybe just a little," I admitted. "But it's only fair. This is happening because of me."

I wasn't going to wallow in it, because they were safe and things would get better than they ever were - I'd make sure of it - but all the danger had also kicked off because of me, no two ways about it.

That still weighed on me sometimes, and probably more than it should.

"That's..." She sighed again. "You sweet boy. Drink your juice."

I quirked a brow.

"Go on. It's getting warm."

She waited until I took a sip before speaking again.

"I'm going to tell you a story. One I've already shared with your teacher."

"Chiron?"

She rolled her eyes.

"No, Katie's old karate instructor."

"And they say I don't come by my snark fairly."

"Listen."

She was serious, this time.

"I once took a peek through the Mist, back home."

My eyes widened, and I sat up straighter.

"You did what?"

She was mortal.

"It's a long story, and a one-time thing I only managed because your uncle and... your mother-" I didn't react, but it was a close thing. "-did the heavy lifting for me."

I opened my mouth, then closed it again.

"Some kind of spell?"

A ritual, maybe?

"No idea." She shrugged helplessly. "There was this awful drink, and... I couldn't tell you the rest even if I wanted to, and back then, after seeing first-hand that my husband wasn't off his rocker - and neither was his sister - I wanted nothing to do with any of it."

"But you didn't have a choice."

"But I didn't have a choice." She agreed. "Once the genie's out of the bottle, there's no stuffing it back in. I spent weeks jumping at every shadow, terrified of things I'd never even be able to see coming, and trying to keep from losing my mind until I finally simmered down enough to roll with the punches."

...

Well.

I took a deep breath.

"Aunt Sarah…"

She waved me off.

"I'm not telling you this to get it off my chest." She leaned forward, eyes serious, making sure I got it. "I'm telling you because I want you to really listen. And believe me when I say this…"

She gestured around the kitchen, the house, everything.

"The new house, the new everything?"

I waited, and she smiled.

A real, genuine smile.

"It's good, Daniel. More than good. It's a huge adjustment, don't get me wrong, but better than anything your uncle and I could have hoped for."

I perked up.

Couldn't help it, really.

"Yeah?"

"Are you kidding?" She laughed again. "The protections, and Chiron… having people we can actually talk to about this stuff, especially with the girls growing up… no more damned Mist leaving me blind when danger comes calling. Even your Uncle is over the moon. It's why he's so excited to get back to work - He wants to go native, and I'm right there with him."

"And the girls?"

"Please. They miss some of their friends and a few of their favourite things, but they love it here already."

She reached over and patted my hand gently.

"Stop worrying. It's all a bit hectic for now, and there are a few bumps on the road ahead, but we're going to be just fine."

...

Coming here was the right choice.

"I'll take your word for it."

I couldn't keep the smile off my face, and she matched it tit for tat.

"Good. Are you staying for lunch?"

"I-"

"Nope. Rhetorical question. You're absolutely staying for lunch."

"I was going to say yes."

I had the time to spare.

"Atta boy." She nodded approvingly. "Now go see your cousins, and tell them to get in before they catch heatstroke or god knows what else."

I was already off my stool and halfway out the kitchen.

"Roger that."

I jogged out the back door and into the yard. The sunlight hit just right, bouncing off the manicured green lawn and the glassy surface of the pool, and the grounds were expansive enough that I had to turn a corner before I saw the girls.

Thunk!

They were duking it out with pool noodles they must have grabbed when Aunt Sarah wasn't looking, swinging them around with all the intensity of a duel to the death.

Accuracy was a pipe dream, though, but they had the spirit.

"Hya!"

"No, you hya!"

"That doesn't make sense!"

"I know!"

...This cuteness is bad for my heart.

"Room for one more?"

They froze midswing.

Or Katie did, at least, and Alex took the chance to whack her in the face one last time.

Crack.

"Hey!"

I nearly fried a blood vessel trying not to cackle.

Then they were on me - Alex first, ducking behind me to avoid Katie's justified vengeance.

"Danny!"

I grinned and hefted her up into my arms before reaching over to boop Katie on the nose.

"Miss me?"

"Mm!" She wrapped her arms around my neck, and I pretended not to see her stick her tongue out at her scowling sister. "I win."

"I'm going to get you later." She warned her, before turning back to me and smiling toothily. "Γειά σου!"

"Γειά." I greeted her right back. "You're picking up your basic Greek pretty quickly, huh?"

That pronunciation had been near perfect.

"It's easy!" Then she put her hands on her hips. "Did you bring Courage?"

Alex perked up.

"Can we play fetch?"

Yeah, they loved the little guy.

Met him a while back and he'd been all the rage with them ever since.

Of course, the first time it happened, I forgot to tell Uncle David that my dog was coming out for a visit, so when he came into the backyard and saw a crimson-eyed hellhound barreling after the girls with its jaws wide open…

It wasn't pretty.

Lots of screaming, and at least one swing of a celestial bronze sword was involved.

Totally my bad - but moving on now:

Go on.

I nudged my shadow with a little flick of power, and a part of it broke off, slipping under Katie's feet and pooling behind her own.

"Well, actually, Courage had a little message for you guys he wanted me to pass on."

"A message?" Alex tilted her head as I crouched until I was eye to eye with Katie.

"No he didn't." Katie crossed her arms, but she leaned in anyway. "But what is it anyway?"

Smart.

"He says..."

They leaned forward eagerly, and I smirked.

"...That you two are absolutely amazing at sword fighting."

They both beamed, and I nudged the shadow again.

Now.

"And to turn around."

The darkness behind Katie welled up all at once, taking shape before they ever saw it happen, and-

"Aarf!"

- Hold up.

Courage materialised the way he always did, and the girls squealed in delight as they whirled around. Aleck squirmed out of my grip so hard she nearly used my face as a launching pad, but I didn't even feel it.

Instead, I watched Katie hurl her arms around my dog, and...

Something wasn't quite right.

"Did you get bigger?"

No, that wasn't all of it.

He stood almost a foot taller than before, his fur darker, and his eyes were a deeper shade of red.

When he barked and let his tongue loll out, even the flash of his canines looked that much sharper.

How?

He'd had growth spurts before, but that couldn't be that - I'd seen him just this morning.

Some kind of side effect from the visit to the Underworld?

It was, technically, his natural habitat.

Or maybe Kerberos-

"He feels weird."

My eyes snapped down to Alex.

"What?"

She was staring at Courage, eyes narrowed as her hand pressed against his snout and stayed there. Her lip curled in... concentration?

"Feels weird," she repeated.

"He's fluffy?" Katie was already scratching behind his ears, looking down at her in confusion.

"Yes. No." Alex shook her head and patted his snout again, more insistent this time. "Feel!"

"I am-!"

Katie cut herself off.

Alarm bells started winding up in my head.

"Katie?" I asked carefully, glancing at Courage. He looked just as lost, even as he soaked up the attention. "What is it?"

"Dunno."

She'd stopped scratching him, but her hand kept moving through his fur, slow and absent, like she'd forgotten what she was doing.

Both of them had.

"Gonna need a little more than that, kiddo."

She frowned, thinking hard.

"He feels funny," she said finally, and Alex nodded her little head like it was the most important thing in the world. "Like… like… the old TV at Daddy's garage!"

"That old staticky thing?"

"Yeah!" She frowned, then shrugged and went back to petting him. "Maybe."

Maybe.

They were picking up on his… otherness. They had to be.

They shouldn't be - except…

Great-grandchildren of Hecate.

Just like me, on one side of the family tree.

Even Uncle David could use magic.

Small, shaky little gimmicks with the Mist, but still something.

The girls-

No.

The house.

I glanced around, tracing the invisible line where the wards wrapped the place up tight and turned it into a fortress.

Proximity to ongoing or strong mystical phenomena could increase your sensitivity to the stuff - that was magic 101.

And they'd been living here for weeks.

...

Noticing magic was the first step to using it, and their inheritance being what it is...

...

I took a deep breath.

Okay then.

I needed to talk to Chiron.

Aunt Sarah and Uncle David too.

While I was figuring out how that conversation would go, Courage finally had enough of all the stillness.

"Aarf!"

He lunged at Katie with no warning and gave her a quick, wet lick right on the cheek.

"Ah!" she yelped, staggering back, giggling like a loon.

Alex froze when it was her turn, stunned, before letting out a peal of laughter when my dog nearly bowled her right over.

Then he took off, barking up the storm, with both of them hot on his paws.

It left me snickering, even with everything going on in my head.

Fine.

I could wait until after lunch, at least.

Aunt Sarah had said it herself - the genie was already out of the bottle.

What's a few more hours?

...​

A Few Hours Later:

Daniel.

I blinked awake in a split second.

Zero to a hundred in no time flat.

"Dad?"

I'd settled down with Katie to watch a movie - Alex had gone off for a nap - and before I knew it, I'd dozed off right there on the couch.

Then Apollon's voice echoed in my head, and I was up like a light.

Return to Chiron's estate, if you please. Be quick about it.

It wasn't the first time we'd talked like this, and he wasn't so much talking as he was broadcasting the words into my mind, but I was used to it now.

The fact that he was calling me back so soon...

Something's up.

"I'll be right there."

I slid off the couch carefully, trying not to jostle Katie. She shifted in her sleep as I went, blanket twisting around here, and I pulled it back into place and smoothed her hair back while I had the chance.

"Sweet dreams, K."

Then I took off.

It took me all of a second to make it out the door, and then I was gone, teleporting back to Chiron's in a wave of gold.

True to form, Dad was waiting for me when I got there.

But he wasn't alone, and the company wasn't Chiron, either.

They were sitting on the lawn just past the edge of the woods, the setting sun throwing everything in red and orange. A small fire burned between them, rounded off with rough stones in a perfect circle—like something right out of a flashy camping manual—and sweet, pine-heavy smoke drifting up into the warm air.

It was all very scenic. Ten out of ten on the presentation.

"Son. Join us."

Dad didn't need an introduction, but the person sitting across from him was…

They didn't look like anything special.

They didn't look like anything at all, actually, what with the warm brown cloak and the hood over their face that somehow covered everything, even when I looked right at them.

But the power wafting off them…

Enormus.

Endless.

Not dangerous, or even threatening, but one hundred and ten percent out of my league, and then some.

Like meeting Dad for the first time all over again - only not as exestentially terrifying.

Not even close.

"There's no need to worry."

I started when the words came at me.

"I mean you no harm, child."

Strangely enough, I almost believed that.

Their voice came out low and soft, completely edgeless, and something about it made me just a little less wary.

Like I'd have been tempted to disarm and join them - her? - by the fire, even if Dad wasn't right there and patiently nodding at me to hurry it up.

Let's play this out, then.

I stepped over and dropped down onto the log next to Dad, and the cloaked woman seemed pleased enough, even though I hadn't said a word yet.

Before I could, she'd already moved.

Her hand rose up, all pale and slender, and she rolled her wrist right over the fire.

A pot blinked into existence above the flame, looking like it'd been around since the Bronze Age - red, rough, and almost a little ugly for it.

Then the smell hit me like a truck.

Holy Artemis.

Spices and meat, and something rich and smoky...

I'd eaten at lunch, but whatever was bubbling under that lid smelled amazing.

"It is said-" The woman started speaking softly, arms crossed over her lap as she waited. "-That when Phoebus Apollon first ascended to Olympus, he graced the home of the Gods with a new and magnificent heavenly radiance. The wind spirits carried the song of his arrival far and wide, and he marched in with his bow in hand, and the skull of the dread Python dragging behind him to showcase his might and prowess for all to see."

There was a pause, and I glanced at Dad out the corner of my eye.

His lips were pursed, but he didn't seem upset.

More... exasperating than anything else.

"That story is true." She continued, and this time, she sounded almost amused. "With a twist."

"And so it begins," Dad murmured tiredly, and so quickly I would have missed out if I wasn't hyper-aware of everything surrounding me right then.

"You see, though Apollon would go on to make a proper introduction to the then-incomplete Council of Twelve and all the gods who called Olympus home, the first time he arrived.... well, he chose a rather poor time to do so."

"Poor?"

It was the first time I'd said a word since I'd shown up, and neither of them seemed to mind the interruption.

If anything, she seemed pleased.

"Unfortunate might be a better word for it. The other gods were otherwise occupied. Poseidon was settling a dispute in his kingdom beneath the waves. Demeter was lounging in the mortal world with Persephone. Ares was overseeing a mortal war, and Athena was keeping to herself. Zeus and Hera, of course, were elsewhere, raging over one squabble or another, and the force of their fury had most of the other gods and nature spirits fleeing Olympus just to be safe."

"Smart." Apollon threw in, and I could almost feel her smile under that hood.

"You didn't think so at the time. You came hoping for a grand and brilliant welcome-"

"And I received no such thing." He huffed tiredly. "The mountain was nearly deserted, save a few terrified nymphs and a handful of lesser daimones. Must we retread this story?"

She laughed.

It was high and cheery, but there was nothing mean-spirited about it.

"Forgive me. It's a fond memory, is all." She sounded wistful. "You were so very young then, and quite mortified. I invited you to join me by the hearth, and for that first little while, you wouldn't even look me in the eye."

"Yes, well." Apollon sighed and gave me a look. "It was very awkward."

I don't know why that made me want to laugh, but I had enough self-preservation to reign it in.

It wasn't easy.

"Awkward, perhaps. But it wasn't long before you were regaling me with the stories of your adventures, and all the glory in between. We shared a meal, just like this one, and for me, that was introduction enough. It was wonderful."

Dad... didn't deny it, which said plenty all on its own.

Then she looked at me, and my breath caught.

"There is no great moral to this story - just nostalgia, and all the peace it brings."

I could see under the hood now, even as she went to lower it.

Her hair was dark brown, falling in waves over her shoulders, and her face was soft and kind. She had one brown eye, deep and warm, but the other was milky and clouded over.

Blind.

The scars were worse - deep and streaking, trailing across the side of her face and down her neck in patterns like sickly, reaching tree branches.

Lichtenberg figures - the kind you get from surviving lightning strikes.

That's it.

I looked at Dad, and he nodded. Once.

Then I looked back at her.

I know who this is.

And I could tell she knew too, because she smiled all over again, and the scars did nothing to take away from it.

"Once upon a time, it was I who was the first to welcome your father into the family."

She let it hang just enough to make a point.

"It seemed only fitting, then, that I do the same for his son."

...

...

...

Man, this day.

But when in doubt-

I swallowed down the nerves and tried for a grin.

"Thank you, Lady Hestia."

"Aunt Hestia, if you must."

The eldest and most beloved Olympian corrected gently, and then patted the pot at her side, flames and all.

"Now, shall we eat?"

...

Dan, to himself once given enough time to reflect on everything:

star-trek-discovery.gif

Young Apollon, trying to Aurafarm during the DxD Olympians' early days:

loki-savior.gif

Olympus already dealing with the Young Olympians BS before this shiny dude starts showing up:

damn-it-not-this-again.gif


As always, leave your comments and ideas, and if you don't like it, please be courteous.
Last edited: Mar 25, 2026
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Ender Wiggen, Azrael4890 and 865 others
Firewillreign
Mar 23, 2026
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Interlude - A Conversation By The Hearth
View content
Firewillreign
Firewillreign
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 26, 2023
Messages888
Likes received82,880
Apr 10, 2026
Add bookmark
#10,991
Daniel Winchester's motto in life:

"Due to incredibly foreseen circumstances well within my control, I will once again be taking reckless actions within the next three-to-five business days."

jump-jump-out.gif

Hestia had always appreciated the quiet moments.

Not the grand feasts of Olympus, nor the clamor of gods arguing over pride and power, or even the respectful bustle of temples and bonfires filled with mortal prayers.

They all had their place… to an extent.

It wasn't quiet for quiet's sake, either.

It had its value in moderation, as many things did, but she was never one for numbing silence, and she abhorred emptiness.

Her father and his primeval cruelty had seen to that.

Stillness without rest. A hateful darkness without end. A place where nothing moved - where nothing could.

Certainly not the nascent gods they were, helpless and insignificant until the day of salvation came, and the war of reckoning finally began.

The memories would not leave her.

Hestia was the oldest, the one who had endured the longest, and she remembered it all.

She always would.

Even so, the past did not rule her.

The Titanomachy had come and gone, and the reign of the Titans was long ended. With the dawn of their era, the children of Kronos had each striven, in their own way, to cast off his ugly shadow.

Hestia was no different.

Hearth. Fire. Family.

Hence, the quiet moments - like this one.
 
The fire crackled between them, steady and warm.

The pot steamed over the flame, and the stew within had turned out well, if she did say so herself.

Kokkinisto.

Braised beef, slow-cooked and simmering in a spiced red broth.

A touch on the simple side, perhaps, but the smell was - and pardon the pun here - positively divine.

And then there came the company.

Apollon was as he ever was these days, radiant and tempered with age, his light no less brilliant for how tightly he leashed it.

Her lips curved up.

Goodness, how far he'd grown.

Though, admittedly, a good bit of his present restraint had to do with the child sitting to his right.

Daniel Winchester.

Hestia spared her newest grand-nephew a glance as she lifted the pot and began to pour, steady and unhurried, filling each of them a bowl.

Learning of the demigod's existence had been… a surprise, to say the least.

Well out of left field at that.

After the incident - for lack of a more fitting word - all those centuries ago, Apollon had been in no rush to sire another, and who could blame him for it?

Most of the family had been much the same.

Gutted - ravaged, even, in that especially vile way they could only inflict upon themselves.

It had taken decades to reestablish a measure of civility, and a dozen more for even the vague illusion of cordiality to take root.

Hestia's state at the time hadn't helped any, though she would claim no responsibility there.

Despite accusations to the contrary, she wasn't quite so much of a doormat as to apologise for being wounded - and she had been.

Horrifically so.

The scars and the physical marring were only half the story, if even that.

Still, once again, it was no great wonder that another Olympian Demigod had not been born in so long.

Once bitten, twice shy, and when one was bitten a hundred times - a thousand, over just as many years...

Well.

Enough was enough, at least for a time.

And now...

Here this boy was.

Hestia's smile didn't waver as she handed him his bowl, and he accepted it gingerly.

"Thank you?"

"You are most welcome."

He was wary of her, she could tell.

Not threatened, per se - that would be wholly unacceptable - but not entirely at ease, either.

Fair enough.

Her power was a vast presence, even when calm and restrained, and the touch of it he could sense was likely more than a little intimidating.

Patience here was no chore.

She passed Apollon his bowl, and he took it with a level nod.

"Thank you, aunt."

"Of course."

Then she looked back at the boy, and pretended not to notice the faint stiffening of his shoulders.

"And now for your companion."

Daniel blinked, caught mid-spoonful. "My-?"

Her eyes dropped toward the shadow clinging to his feet, shifting and stretching against the glow of the flames. To mortal eyes, it would have seemed almost entirely normal - just a dim smear of darkness - but Hestia knew better.

"Won't you come out, little one?" she asked softly, keeping the words low and gentle. "It would be quite discourteous for us to sit down for a meal and not invite everyone present."

The shadow stilled, and for a moment, nothing happened.

Then, as the hesitation passed, it slowly unfurled, spreading and deepening until it grew three sizes larger. A pair of crimson eyes blinked open in those depths, and the creature they belonged to silently crept out into the firelight.

"There you are."

The hellhound was a handsome thing, with sleek black fur and a healthy size for one so obviously young.

An interesting breed as well - she could sense Kerberos's lingering touch on it, and a flicker of something fainter and altogether stranger underneath, but the oddity was not overpowering

Curious.

"And who might you be?"

The hellhound, predictably, had nothing to say.

He only stood there at first, still and quiet, and a part of him clearly wanted nothing more than to melt back into the darkness and wait for her to disappear.

The rest of him was tentatively curious - smart enough to register the lack of ill will - and she didn't miss how the pup had angled himself just enough to keep Apollon's child behind him.

Brave and loyal, then.

Hestia greatly approved.

"His name is Courage," Daniel offered. "Pretty straightforward, I know-"

"Not at all."

She reached out and scratched lightly beneath his chin. Courage froze for half a beat, then a low, pleased rumble worked its way out of his chest. Her other hand ran through his fur, and his hackles fell that much more.

"It suits him very well, doesn't it?"

By the time she was done, the fur along his spine had settled, and his tail was wagging like it had a mind of its own.

"Better?"

"Aarf!"

"Excellent."

She pulled back, snapping her fingers with a faint flourish, and a giant tray of roasted meat appeared at the hound's paws. Courage's eyes immediately lit up, a happy bark escaping him, and his tail wagged twice as fast.

"Aarf!"

Daniel blinked, surprised, and Hestia arched a brow at him.

"I can hardly offer him the stew, can I?"

Mind you, she could - harmlessly - but that was beside the point.

Courage looked back at his master, practically bouncing in place with anticipation, and Daniel swallowed back a snort.

"Why are you pretending to be polite all of a sudden? Sic 'em."

That was all the encouragement he needed, and he was on the tray in a flash of fangs, snagging a juicy rib and crunching down happily. His tail thumped against the grass and dirt like a drum, and Daniel laughed.

Even Apollon seemed amused.

"Look at him go."

"He's always been a foodie." Daniel shrugged before following his own advice and finally taking a proper spoonful of his stew.

Then he stopped.

"Oh my god."

Apollon smirked.

"Goddess."

"Technically." Hestia agreed.

"This is amazing."

"I'm glad you think so." She winked. "It's all in the spice."

They dug in after that, though none of them were quite so voracious as Courage.

The excitement was flattering, really.

"However did you meet him?

Daniel paused and grimaced, like he'd remembered something unpleasant. He set the bowl down, shrugging again as if to shake off the memory.

"Ah. I've made you uncomfortable-"

"No, no." He hastily shook his head, "It just happened a while back, and I wasn't at my best when it did, that's all."

Hestia let him take his time.

What was the rush?

"I ran into some trouble with a few monsters," he finally admitted, "Back before I met Chiron. The real nasty kind, too. Courage was with them, but he stuck around with me when it was all wrapped up."

"I see."

She didn't.

That was hardly a story, but it had clearly been no happy encounter, and Apollon had stilled off to the side with the kind of silence that historically spelled nothing good, so she let the matter slide.

"Then he has good taste to go with that fitting name." She nodded to Apollon. "Though the affinity you inherited from your father likely helped."

That seemed to stump him.

"The what?"

Apollon tapped his temple when the boy rounded on him.

"Think about it for a moment."

To his credit, it only took a second for it to dawn on him.

"Oh." His eyes widened. "Apollon Lykaios."

His father nodded approvingly.

"Go on."

"'The Protector Wolf-God of Arcadia.'" Daniel's brows furrowed. "But that epithet translates to... like, ten different roles."

"More or less."

"So... an authority over dogs of all types, because of the conceptual line of descent from wolves to tamed canines?"

Hestia raised a brow.

He was well learned, but that was only to be expected. Chiron's standards had always been exacting, and her wise brother would settle for nothing less.

"Not entirely accurate, but you're thinking along the right lines."

She stepped in before they could spiral too far down the thought.

"In your case, affinity is the simpler word for it," she said. "A natural ease. Creatures like him" - she tipped her head towards Courage - " and those that share a similar 'archetype' recognize it, and thus are affected to one extent or another."

"It doesn't make them tame." Apollon added. "Not passively. At best, it gets your foot in the door, and nothing more."

Daniel glanced at his hound, who was still working through the tray with single-minded focus.

"...Right. So that's why he never tried to eat me."

Courage looked up from the tray, ears flicking, and gave him a look that was downright offended.

"Kidding, bud. I know you love me."

"He does." Hestia agreed. "Very clearly so."

The hellhound huffed, somewhat mollified, and padded over to nose at Daniel's side.

He earned a snort for his efforts.

"Yeah, yeah. I hear ya. Won't happen again."

Which was evidently the right thing to say, because Courage lingered just long enough to stand on the point, before turning back to his tray with renewed purpose.

"See?" Daniel looked to Apollon. "What'd I tell you? Total foodie."

"He's a growing beast, son. Let him have his proteins."

"If you say so."

"I do say so. In fact, I'm quite good at 'saying so'. It is one of my many impressive qualities."

"According to who?"

"Myself, of course. I need no other validation."

"... Dad."

"Do you have something to say, Daniel?"

"Nope." He mimed zipping his lips. "Not a word."

"Smart boy."

The bickering was heartwarming.

Truly it was - Apollon rarely made for morose company, but there was a certain joy to him now that had been blunted, and dearly missed.

The return to form made for an infinitely more satisfying sight.

Then Apollon's gaze lifted, and he met Hestia's eyes across the fire.

The air changed, and a small, nearly imperceptible nod passed between them.

Daniel almost missed it, but by the time he went to open his mouth, Apollon was already rising and brushing nonexistent dust off his trousers.

"A moment, please," he said, as if remembering something mid-thought. He reached out, ruffling his son's hair in passing. "I've got a bit of business to attend to. I shouldn't be long."

"But-"

Too late.

Apollon was already gone.

The space he'd occupied folded in on itself in a flicker of light, and then there were only two of them left by the fire.

Daniel's eye twitched.

"...He has got to stop doing that."

"It's a habit," Hestia said lightly, waving a hand to make the leftover bowls vanish as if they'd never been there. "The flair for the dramatic runs in the family."

He was off to speak to Chiron, no doubt. The better to plan out their response to this day's debacle - and yes, she was well aware of what had happened.

It was why Apollon had seen fit to hasten his son's "official" introduction to Olympus, through her, and she had no complaints.

It had been bound to happen eventually, and this pretext was as good as any to start with.

"So what now?"

"Ideally, I get to know you better."

"Sure." He said automatically, before hesitating - more out of consideration than any real nerves. "Am I answering something, or just talking?"

"Both. Neither. Whichever suits your whim."

She had her questions - plenty of them, and then some - but Hestia was hardly going to interrogate the child.

Not without good reason.

"Though I should tell you that I've already heard quite a few stories."

His eyes narrowed suspiciously.

"Stories?"

"Devils, dragons, murderous witches, Nemean lions, and Longinus Sacred Gears in between."

"..."

"..."

"..."

"...Alright then." He sighed, before rubbing the back of his neck sheepishly. "Those stories."

"I've only heard the highlights, but enough." Her smile didn't fade. "I must say, our pantheon's demigods have always led very sensational lives, and you're off to a stellar start there."

Positively stratospheric, given his age.

He raised a finger, mouth opening... before it closed again wordlessly.

"You know, in hindsight, hearing that from an Olympian is concerning on so many different levels."

Then he looked at her and winced.

"No offence."

That had her laughing outright.

He wasn't wrong.

"None taken - and I did say stellar, not tragic."

There'd been enough of the latter to last unto the end of time, no matter how romanticized the old stories tried to make it.

Heracles alone had been a case study in protracted misery - and that was without her sister's influence, vengeful and cruel as it had been.

Mythical fame was a poor consolation prize at best.

"Your father and Aunt have also told me other things as well." She shifted gears. Daniel perked up as she continued. "That you are clever, quick-witted, and most certainly kind. You are still young, and yet you have already made your father and Aunt quite proud indeed."

It was the honest truth, and the words made him flush - par for the course.

What distinctly wasn't, though, was the flicker of something else beneath the embarrassment.

Just a flash, there and quickly gone, but she caught it regardless.

Guilt.

How... troubling.

Hestia did not know this child nearly enough to cast judgment, but from what Artemis had carefully implied...

Her lips pursed.

"Let me ask this, Daniel Winchester."

He straightened, picking up on the shift in her tone.

Sharp.

"Yes?"

"What is your greatest ambition?"

That, she could tell, was not at all what he'd been expecting.

"Come again?"

"You heard me."

She smoothed the ruffles in her cloak and looked up expectantly.

"You have done and come quite far in relatively little time at all. Why? What is your motivation?"

What drives you so, little child of light?

"That's-" He cut himself off, leaning back and running a hand through his hair. "Huh. Okay. Nobody's asked me something like that since Chiron. Way back when."

A pause.

"I don't have one." He winced at his own answer, then rushed on. "Not some huge, world-changing dream or anything."

"No?"

"Not really." He admitted. "I started training because I needed to, and it only made sense. I mean, passing up on being a student of Chiron? Come on - I'm not crazy."

She snorted, and the act almost earned her a grin.

"It's been wild ever since. Way off the rails, twenty-four-seven, but also a total blast, you know? The stuff I can do now is nuts, and the magic... heck, I even came out of it with a best friend."

The devil, her mind whispered, Sairaorg Bael.

Artemis had mentioned that little development as well.

"But?"

"But… there's no finish line, if that makes sense? I mean, I'm always getting better - and not stopping anytime soon - but I'm not doing it for any special reason." He tossed his hands up lightly. "Not that kind of Greek hero, I guess. I'm just doing what feels right and rolling with the rest."

"..."

Hestia didn't answer right away.

The fire waxed and waned as she turned the words over, and Daniel clearly didn't know what to do with the silence.

If he weren't so drilled - Chiron's doing again, obviously - he probably would've started fidgeting.

She could see him suppress the urge before clearing his throat.

"I get that's not the most impressive-"

"Impressive has nothing to do with it." She cut that off before it could start. "There is no correct answer to that question."

Sincerity was the only metric that counted, and for all that he'd struggled to put it into words - and in a way, still hadn't - he'd passed with flying colours where Hestia was concerned.

"In truth, I'm rather glad."

"Glad?"

"Oh yes. There is no rule so great as to decide the scope of a child's dreams."

Nor would Hestia wish to hear one that did.

Drive and ambition were all well and good, but zealously following one or the other was ever and always the ruin of gods and mortals alike.

Theirs especially.

"Many are far too quick to mistake contentment for complacency." A foolish mistake. "You do not lack for talent, or will. So long as you do not lose your way, taking life at your own pace is no failing."

She folded her hands in front of her and nodded reassuringly.

"If anything, it is quite enviable."

Daniel took that in slowly.

"Then why ask-?"

"Why else? Curiosity."

It wasn't any sort of test, if that was what he thought. Nothing so contrived, but it was telling, and in a refreshingly promising manner.

As far as first impressions went, her grand-nephew's was a breath of fresh air.

"Though there is one more thing to address."

Daniel looked up.

"Your origins."

He stilled.

There it is.

Hestia wasn't a fool.

Between his abrupt appearance, Artemis's none too subtle insinuations, and that flash of guilt just now...

There was a mystery afoot, and its name was Winchester - but she wasn't here to solve it.

"Peace, child."

He barely seemed to hear her, and the intensity of his sudden gaze didn't waver.

Frankly, he had a terrible poker face.

Even Courage had looked up again, turning his head from him to her and back again.

Hestia sighed.

With a small motion of her hand, two wooden cups appeared between them, filled with a blend of nectar and squeezed fruit. One was rich and golden, and the other softened, diluted until it was safe enough to pass muster.

That was the one she picked and held out to him.

"Drink."

"..."

"Drink." She repeated firmly. "And for mother's sake, breathe. There's no need to brace yourself like you're awaiting judgment."

That seemed to get through to him, somewhat.

He took a cautious sip - startled - and then another, shoulders easing a tad as the warmth settled in.

"Good, isn't it?"

It was no Dionysian elixir, but it was pleasant in its own right.

"…Yeah."

"Wonderful. Then we can move on." She took her own sip and put the drink aside. "I won't insult your intelligence - or my own - by pretending I don't notice that something about your origins is… unusual."

He tensed, the silly boy.

"However," Hestia stressed the word. "You understand that it changes nothing, yes? Unusual is entirely relative."

Even that was a laughable understatement.

There was no norm for the birth of children under their Heavens.

Some were shaped from clay and given life. Others were born of gods alone, carved out of natural phenomena as daimons or nature spirits, or claimed long after their first breath, and no less valid for it.

And those were just the simple cases.

Humanity itself had been wiped away and remade anew when the old world ran its course - mostly - and that hadn't been a one-off, either.

What was one demigod's touch of strangeness in the face of all that?

"Apollon has claimed you for all to see, your divinity is his and yours both, and you are part of this family."

Artemis's blessing was also plain and present, but there was no further need to bring up the obvious.

"You are indubitably your father's son, and that is all there is to it." She declared with finality. "Anything beyond that is context and nothing more."

...

Daniel stayed still for a long beat, letting the words sink in.

Then, slowly, he took another drink, and a deep breath after it.

"I am going to tell him, you know."

The admission was quiet, but it rang with truth.

"Not right this second, maybe, but I will."

So did that. Pity that it was unneeded.

"You could hold your silence forever, and he wouldn't love you any less for it."

He jerked in place like he'd been struck.

Then, almost abruptly, he started laughing.

Half-breathless and faint, certainly, but the relief there was a good sign.

"That's pretty direct, Aunt Hestia."

"And all the better for it."

A great many of her family's troubles could have been mitigated or averted outright if they had simply spoken plainly when it mattered.

Some more so than others.

Her fingers rose absently, brushing along the scars across her cheek.

Daniel didn't miss the motion.

He'd made a solid effort not to stare at her disfigured side or the pale, blind eye, but the occasional glances were only natural.

"You may ask, if you wish."

"I... uh, already know." His thumb traced the rim of his cup. "Dad told me."

Hestia tilted her head consideringly.

"Did he now?"

She doubted he'd gone to any great detail. That day had been poison through and through.

"And do you have any questions of your own?"

"Not really." But he shifted all the same. "I don't want to be rude or anything, but those can't heal?"

"Not to any great extent, I'm afraid."

Wounds inflicted by one deity on another were never mere marks on flesh and bone, and she told him as much.

"This will sound irritatingly poetic, I'm aware, but such things have... a weight and depth to them that can imprint lasting harm."

Damage.

Gods can be wounded - they could be killed - and there was plenty of room for pain in between.

"Often the injury itself matters less than the cause."

Or the one who caused it, she didn't mention that part aloud.

Daniel was frowning heavily as it was.

"That's not fair. I'm sorry."

How sweet.

"No, it isn't." She agreed, before tipping her head back with an exhale and closing her eyes. "But I do not lament for it. I made a choice to prevent my family from tearing itself asunder, and this was the price paid. No more and no less."

Hestia did not relish her current state, nor was she happy to accept the role of the martyr - it should never have been needed at all - but she was grateful it had spared them all something far worse.

That was enough.

And perhaps, with a little luck, this child's arrival would mark the turning of a new era.

The thought was a pleasant one, and it would be remarkably fitting if nothing else.

She basked in it for a moment.

Then she opened her eyes - eye, really - and her gaze met something unexpectedly fiery.

Daniel's frown was tight, his jaw was set harder than ever.

Hm?

His foot tapped against the dirt once, twice, three times... and then he was up on his feet so quickly even Courage gave a startled bark.

"Forget that."

"Excuse me?"

The demigod didn't answer her.

The shape of him simmered with a faint outline of golden light, matched only by the stars above Chiron's estate.

"You wanted to get to know me, right?" He nodded at his own question. "Fine. Here's the cliff notes version: I'm Dan. I like spearmanship and magic and duking it out with my best friend whenever we feel like a spar. Spoiler alert: That's pretty much always."

Hestia's mouth parted in surprise, but he wasn't quite finished yet.

"I don't like waiting around, murderous cyclopes, and people who can't take a joke. A couple of other things too, like tragic endings, but let's not nitpick."

"Nit-?"

"But the most important thing you should probably know?"

He gave her a half-grin that was all Apollon.

"I have zero impulse control. Like, none at all, outside of the occasional blue moon. It's a problem, and a work in progress." The confession was utterly shameless. "But it also helps me keep moving and get things done, so everything balances out for now."

"Aarf!"

"Not a word, Cujo!"

Daniel didn't so much as look at him.

His focus was entirely on her.

"I'm telling you this because that story is just awful. All around professional-grade bummer-"

Pardon her?

"-And I've decided to try and do something about it."

Hestia blinked incredulously, caught somewhere between his choice of words and their meaning.

"'Do something about it?'"

His grin went full-blown.

"Taking that as a yes!"

"I-"

And then the words were robbed from her entirely as he held out his arms, and something gold and shining and truly a little ridiculous materialized in his hold.

A large tangle of gleaming wool, soft and pulsing with power, and shining gold down to the last brilliant fiber.

A divine artifact.

That much she recognised immediately, though the object itself she had no name for.

Not much in the way of power, but radiating... a great blessing of some variety?

The potency was impressive, she could tell with just a glance.

"What is that?"

This time, the surprise in her voice was well-earned.

"And how did you come by it?"

It was not a Sacred Gear - the obvious answer - and she doubted Apollon would have forgotten to mention a gift so grand if it had come from from.

Artemis and Chiron as well.

It wasn't the greatest she'd ever seen, not by far, but for a tool in mortal hands....

"Just a little something I picked up on a side-quest a while back. It's been pretty cool to play around with since, but here's hoping it actually works as advertised."

Her grand-nephew hefted his great prize and crossed the distance between without an ounce of hesitation.

"Daniel-"

He unfurled the golden mass in his hands, and the wool flashed, catching the firelight as it slid free and blazed all the brighter for it.

"Fingers crossed."

Before Hestia could react, the audacious child pressed it into her arms-

Courage barked again, rearing back-

-a̴n̴d̶ ̶l̴i̷g̶h̴t̸ ̴s̶p̷i̵l̴l̷e̶d̴ ̷a̴c̴r̷o̶s̷s̸ ̷t̷h̴e̶ ̸̧̘͖͂̂͘c̴͚͙̍l̸̯͇̠̘͙̓e̵̖̐̒͌̚a̴̢̹̟̾̑r̷̭̥̘͋̈́̀ȉ̸͕̝͝ņ̶̛͎̤͔̹̿͌̃g̴̡͔̗̟͚̽̓̌́͝


...

...

...


It would not have worked.

Not without time, effort, and a dozen other circumstances besides.

...

It should not have worked.

...

And yet…

...

There was a symmetry there to exploit.

Hestia Aidios - She Who Is Eternal - had been wounded in a clash between the King of the Heavens and the force led by his maddened, would-be successor.

The catalyst?

The murdered children of the gods.

So there was a kind of poetry - an intricate, undeniable symbolism - to another child of one of those same gods reaching out to mend even a fragment of what had been broken.

Daniel Winchester poured his power into the Golden Fleece, cradled in the Eldest Olympian's arms, and for a single, brilliant instant, the stars aligned

Just the one, but enough.

The scars did not vanish, but some faded, and more retreated where they had once run deep.

Their ache did not disappear, but it dulled, for the first time in as long as they had existed.

The attempt at restoration took root.

Most of all, as the light of the Fleece began to die, and the demigod dropped to his knees with a ragged, winded gasp, limbs steaming from the effort alone-

"What have you done?"

A dead, stunned gaze came to sudden life, and everything took off from there.

...

...

...​

Overhead, despite the clear, star-strewn sky, a low, looming rumble of thunder rolled across the heavens.


…​

Courage my GOAT, who wants none of the smoke but still nearly squared up with Hestia and kept standing in front of Dan until he realised she was totally cool:

captain-america.gif

Hestia trying to show her new grand-nephew that he is appreciated and loved (but he has the emotional capacity of a teaspoon on a sugar high):

cat-kitty.gif

Dan's thought process during the chapter:

aotduv.jpg

As always, leave your comments and ideas, and if you don't like it, please be courteous.
Last edited: Apr 10, 2026
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Ender Wiggen, Azrael4890 and 1,004 others
Firewillreign
Apr 10, 2026
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Interlude - A Few More Conversations, Because Why Not?
View content
Firewillreign
Firewillreign
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 26, 2023
Messages888
Likes received82,880
Jun 9, 2026
Add bookmark
#11,909
Finally, at long last:

- YouTube
Profitez des vidéos et de la musique que vous aimez, mettez en ligne des contenus originaux, et partagez-les avec vos amis, vos proches et le monde entier.
youtu.be youtu.be

and:

shawshank-rain.gif

LET'S GOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!​


Chiron's Estate:

Daniel's power ignited like a star in miniature, flaring outward in a sudden, unexpected rush, and Chiron and Apollon materialised in the clearing mid-conversation, just in time for the lightshow to begin.

Of course.

The surge narrowed, drawing in on itself until it stood as a single pillar of light just ahead, self-contained and shining with brilliant intensity - and it held, banishing the dark and casting everything around it into a stark relief.

More than that, in fact.

The air warmed with the glow, growing sharper and purer. The grass beneath them followed suit, brightening with a pulse of colour and vitality, and then came the sensation of it all.

Soft and heady, with an aftertaste of sunlight and gold.

How fitting.

Apollon took it in with a blank, eerie stillness that was best used to hide one's sudden incomprehension.

Chiron just sighed and resisted the urge to pinch the bridge of his nose.

Five minutes.

That idiot student of his had been left alone with his aunt for all of five minutes - if that - and this was the result.

He wasn't even surprised, truly.

Exasperated at best.

I should have stayed in retirement.

Slowly, the power began to recede.

The light retreated like a tide, and the pillar flickered once, then twice and thrice, its edges fraying into strands of gold that unraveled into the air.

Then it flickered out all at once.

Daniel dropped to his knees before the last of the radiance faded away, hitting the grass with a ragged gasp made all the more theatrical by the haze of steam wafting off of him.

"…Okay," he rasped, voice wrecked, "That may have been a bit much."

Idiot.

He wasn't injured, but he'd all but emptied himself out. The Golden Fleece slipped from his nerveless fingers, landing on the dirt with a low, dull thump.

And that was only the start of it.

"What have you done?"

Hestia didn't wait for an answer, and Chiron couldn't fault her for that.

Her hand slowly rose to her face - not without a hint of stunned wonder - and brushed along her cheek.

The scars had changed.

The deep, jagged damage had drawn back, softened into pale, silvery lines that caught the firelight instead of breaking it. Faint and diminished, and the least of them had vanished outright, leaving smooth, blemishless skin once again.

Then her fingers traced upwards, towards her ruined eye, before stilling in disbelief.

He couldn't blame her for that, either.

"Hey, it worked."

She blinked, and both eyes - warm brown, steady, and restored - fixed on the ridiculous child in front of her.

"Awesome."

Daniel grinned, audacious as ever, but the expression was weak, and quickly fraying at the edges.

"Was only about sixty percent sure that would work - strong fifty, maybe-"
The slur in his voice made it all too clear where this was going. "And it would've been all kinds of lame to screw up after that whole sp..."

He trailed off, smiled at nothing in particular, and proceeded to faceplant directly into the dirt.

"No."

Or so he would have, if Apollon hadn't been there to catch him before he went down.

Even then, his head lolled to one side, eyes glazed and drifting, and the god's mouth drew into a thin, unhappy line.

"Depleted to the last."

"M'okay," Daniel mumbled, barely shaping the words. "N...need a minute."

"You need considerably more than a minute, and a stern talking to," He countered, and gently lowered him onto the grass. "And, as your outrageous luck would have it, you're in no state to hear a word of it."

He wasn't wrong.

Daniel was unconscious before his father was even halfway finished speaking, and that was rather firmly that.

The luck of the devil, and Sairaorg wasn't even here yet.

Granted, waking him would have been easy enough, but Apollon seemed more concerned with looking him over and frowning heavily.

Potentially to confirm that he would, in fact, stay where he'd been put.

Given Chiron's experience over the last year or so, that was a perfectly legitimate concern.

And very convenient, at the moment.

"Nephew…" Hestia knelt beside him, drawing another blank, careful look for her efforts. "What did your son just do?"

"I'd very much like to know myself."

His eyes shifted toward the Golden Fleece.

Understandably so, given its clearly divine nature, but the moment he went to reach for it-

A blur of black cut across the clearing.

They had all been well aware of the hellhound's presence, of course, and Courage had been trying very hard, on his part, to melt against the backdrop of the night...

But the little pup was also nothing if not a model opportunist.

"Aarf!"

Chiron blamed his students' influence.

The both of them.

He beat Apollon to the Fleece by a hair - purely on account of surprise - closed his teeth around it with a lunging, harmless snap, and sprang right back around and into Daniel's shadow without a second thought.

...

Another long, awkward moment passed.

Apollon's hand remained half-extended before he lowered it slowly, with an expression that edged somewhere between disbelief and thinly veiled irritation.

"...Really."

Chiron's lips twitched, and Hestia was clearly struggling not to laugh.

Apollon was less amused.

"Return that at once."

The shadow under his unconscious student didn't so much as stir.

"Hound."

Nothing.

Apollon's gaze tightened, and a pale glimmer of something fiery and distinctly warning flickered across his eyes.

Even the air grew a touch heavier.

"That was not a suggestion."

The shadow shifted precisely once, and then stubbornly remained exactly as it was.

Chiron commended the bravery, if nothing else.

Futile execution, but full marks for effort.

"You-"

Then the full indignity of arguing with his son's pet finally caught up to him, and Apollon stopped mid-word.

Hestia, on the other hand, gave up on a bad job and broke into open laughter.

"Where did you find this pair?"

They turned to stare at her, and that didn't help any.

She huffed out a breath that might've been an attempt to stop, failed, and promptly laughed louder, shoulders shaking with the force of it.

"Et tu, Aunt?"

She wheezed.

The glee was contagious, and Chiron felt some of the tension ease away.

His own, mostly.

Look at her go.

One should never grow too comfortable in the presence of gods - that was simply common sense - but joy suited his sister well, as it ever did, and with the state she was in now…

Well.

It was a good look.

And all too predictable, in hindsight.

Daniel had a heart of gold and compassion aplenty, melded with the attention span of a gerbil that couldn't help but sprint headfirst into problems of its own making.

Well-meaning, bull-headed recklessness at its finest.

Chiron would make him regret the habit - obviously, and in due course - but he couldn't argue with the results.

Not this one, at least.

Finally, Hestia's laugh began to peter out, and Apollon crossed his arms.

"Are you quite finished?"

"Just abouts." She giggled, wiping a tear from her eye. "Goodness, I needed that."

"And you have it at my expense?"

She snorted and sat back against her log, settling comfortably on the grass.

"I am enjoying being able to see properly again. I think I've earned this."

Apollon didn't argue the point.

He watched her carefully instead, looking over the smoothed lines of her scars and the unblemished eye with a focus that was one part relief, another fascination, and just as much suspicion to boot.

Then he cleared his throat.

"You're looking better."

"I am." She agreed brightly "Exciting, isn't it?"

"That is one word for it." Apollon turned to Chiron. "Well?"

Chiron raised a brow in return.

"Well what, my lord?"

His eyes narrowed.

"Chiron."

"That is my name, yes."

"You know something."

"I have an approximate knowledge of many things."

Hestia snickered under her breath - really, she was in quite a mood - but Apollon's eyes only narrowed further.

Now it begins.

"What is that artifact, where did it come from, and why does my son have it?"

"Currently, your son's hellhound has it."

What was life without its technicalities?

"And as for what it is… " He tilted his head meaningfully. "I'd advise waiting for Daniel to answer that himself."

No one present was under any illusion that Apollon couldn't strip it from Courage with the slightest act of will - the very thought was ludicrous.

Precocious as the hellhound was, he was no Kerberos, or anything close to impressive in the grand scheme of all things.

Not where one of the Twelve was concerned.

But he was Daniel's, and that made all the difference.

Apollon pursed his lips.

"Something to do with his origins, I take it?"

"I'm afraid so."

Though 'afraid' was likely the wrong word.

Chiron had very little doubt that Apollon would embrace his son regardless of his… extraterrestrial circumstances.

That wasn't the problem.

The logistics of that revelation would be, but those could be dealt with in time.

Daniel didn't quite appreciate how important he was in his father's eyes.

Oh, he was very much aware of it in the abstract, and had come to terms with it in some respects, but in others he remained quite oblivious.

It was a work in progress, if an endearing one.

In the meantime, however...

"Haste makes waste, as the saying goes, and you know it better than I."

Most Olympians did, given their track record, and Apollon's face twisted in displeasure.

Hestia sobered as well, staring between them with blatant curiosity.

"He's got you there, nephew."

"Doesn't he just?"

He let out a slow, even breath and turned back towards Daniel, who remained blissfully unaware of the headaches blooming in his wake.

A moment passed.

"I could simply pluck it from his mind," Apollon said at last, almost conversationally. "Him and the hellhound both, if need be. The devil likely knows as well."

Chiron's smile didn't waver.

"You could."

But he wouldn't, and they both knew it.

Centuries ago, perhaps, but these were different times, and an overstep of that magnitude would eviscerate the careful trust Daniel was beginning to place in him.

Naturally, that extended to Sairaorg as well.

For all that Apollon begrudgingly tolerated the young Bael at best, he was still Daniel's best friend.

And Chiron would not have accepted any sudden moves there regardless.

He had never much cared for divine meddling in the affairs of his students.

History had rather soured him on the concept.

"...Very well, then." Apollon turned away with a click of his tongue. "What's one more curiosity added to the list?"

Lovely.

"It won't be long now." Chiron offered pleasantly. "Sooner rather than later, I'd say."

He wasn't blind - Daniel had been working up the nerve to come clean for quite some time now.

This would only bring things to a head.

Apollon made a noncommittal sound, but Hestia leaned forward in interest.

"I'm missing quite a few things, aren't I?"

"You're in good company, aunt."

Then he snapped his fingers, and a little mote of pulsing light sparked with the motion and drifted down into Daniel's shadow. The darkness stirred as it sank in, rippling once, and settled just as quickly.

Chiron blinked.

"A blessing?"

"The little pup is impudent, but loyal, and the brightest lights cast the deepest shadows by nature. If he's to be my son's, he should be worthy of the honor."

Fair enough.

The favor of a god of wolves stacked onto Kerberos's touch...

The results would be interesting to study, if nothing else.

Hestia's lips parted-

"Don't."

Her hands rose in surrender.

"I didn't say anything."

Apollon gave her a flat look.

"You thought it."

That she didn't deny, and her answering smile was soft and fond.

"Grace is a good look on you, nephew."

"Everything is a good look on me. I'm the common factor."

Chiron would have rolled his eyes - honestly, the drama - but Hestia moved first.

"While we're on it, if we're handing out well-deserved gifts..."

She leaned forward and sank her arm into the fire.

Ah.

The flames barely flickered around her as she reached through them, and when she pulled back, she was holding a small coal in her hand - red-orange and gold, softly crackling, and almost deceptively unassuming for something so clearly powerful in its own right.

"Here we are."

She rose and crossed the short distance to Daniel's side, kneeling beside him and gently brushing his hair back with her free hand.

"I fully admit I understand nearly nothing of the circumstances at play here, and that's novel, truly it is." she admitted quietly. "Wherever and however this child came to be... it must be quite the story."

Her fingers curled slightly around the ember, and the glow of it grew that much brighter, flames coiling and licking at her skin.

"But he is family, and he has heart, and this is the very least of what he deserves."

Then she pressed it down against the demigod's chest.

The ember flared at once, spilling red-gold fire across his shirt in a sharp, harmless bloom that spread outwards like a tide.

Apollon and Chiron watched - Daniel didn't so much as stir - as the coal sank through him, the light of it melting beneath his skin inch by inch until it settled entirely into his frame.

Then came the pulse.

For the briefest instant, a faint purple glow flickered beneath his sternum and alongside the dying red-gold light, and vanished as quickly as it appeared.

A reaction from Incinerate Anthem.

Not entirely unexpected, that

Holy Relics didn't take kindly to pagan influences at the best of times, and the Cross was markedly volatile even when compared to the Spear.

Still, it didn't go any farther than that, and Hestia stood and stepped back a moment later, looking quite pleased with herself.

"There. All done."

"That was a generous gift, sister."

Very generous, in fact - that was no simple bestowal of grace - but Hestia only waved him off.

"A Foundation and nothing more. It's up to him to make something greater of it."

And Daniel wouldn't have it any other way.

That boy had an ever-growing fascination with anything even remotely magical, and it suited him well, for better or worse.

"Now then." Hestia's tone shifted into something more measured, and she tapped lightly at her cheek, just beneath the restored eye. "Shall we discuss this properly?"

The easy atmosphere in the clearing changed.

"Because secrets or no, this isn't something that can go unnoticed for long."

Likely it already has been.

She didn't have to say the words - none of them were fools - and slowly, all three of them turned to look up.

The stars were out, and the sky was vast and clear.

Not a thundercloud in sight.

Chiron wasn't reassured in the slightest, and Apollon's expression curdled like milk.

"Voyeur."

"Nephew."

"Tell me I'm wrong."

"Bricks from a glass house, my dear." Hestia chided, but for all that the banter was familiar, the undertone was strained. "There is no danger here, Apollon."

"So you say."

"So I declare."

Her voice firmed like iron.

"No one will harm your son, my grand-nephew, and a child of Olympus. I will not stand for it - and neither will the others."

"Hm."

"Any of the others."

The message there was so pointed it might as well have been an arrow, and Chiron closed his eyes and longed for a good cup of tea.

A Sideritis blend, just a dash of honey. Quite heavenly.

When he opened them again, Apollon's expression remained unreadable. His mouth had flattened slightly, and the tension hung in the air like smoke.

"...We shall see, Aunt."

The god turned back to Daniel without another word, waving, and a brief flare of light snapped into being around the boy, before folding in on itself and taking him with it.

Whisked off to his room - Chiron could sense as much - and it was a conversational sidestep if there ever was one.

The silence that followed was also telling.

He exchanged another look with Hestia, and a moment of resigned, weary understanding passed between them.

Two cups of tea, then.

Her lips quirked faintly.

"How is your guest?"

Now there was a question.

"Recovering. She's had quite a day."

A horrific culmination of increasingly miserable events that had begun with Augusta Hawthorne's stupidity and spiralled on from there, and she had borne the brunt of sins not at all her own.

The less said about this newfangled Utsusemi debacle, the better.

Was it any wonder he'd chosen to let the poor girl sleep while she could?

The waking world would still be there in the morning, regrettably enough.

"I imagine she did," his sister murmured, and the sympathy there was entirely genuine. "So... what is to be done about it?"

Many things indeed.

Daniel and Lavinia Reni had been attacked right outside his home, under his protection.

His guest and his student both targeted, and had they been any less capable - or any less fortuitously blessed with those Gears - the outcome might have been far less forgiving.

Chiron frowned at the very thought.

Amusing as it was to attribute it all to Daniel's propensity for boundless chaos, this was not that.

Instead, it was an overreach, a slight, and a crime all in one.

And it would be answered.

"I am going to ensure the children have a good night's rest."

Their comfort came first, and no one present would gainsay him on that.

Hestia waited patiently, and Apollon finally turned back to the conversation, his eyes glinting darkly - and all too knowingly.

They had discussed this, after all.

"I think I'll go for a little stroll."

And if he happened to find himself in the Netherworld while stretching his legs, in the company of a Fallen Angel or two…

Well.

Coincidence was a curious thing.

His smile could almost have been mistaken for gentle.

"It should be quite refreshing."

...​

Misla Bael's Estate:

Breakfast the next morning was pleasantly quiet.

Anton was already present by the time Misla arrived, composed as ever while directing the servants through the final preparations. Tea steamed gently beside her seat, rich and familiar, while the rest of the table slowly filled around it.

Sairaorg stepped into the hall several minutes later, smiling as brightly as he ever did.

He also looked like he'd gone twelve rounds with an earthquake, which - considering everyone in the estate had heard the distant explosions earlier that morning - should have been quite concerning.

There were bruises mottling his cheekbone and jaw, faint fading gashes along the side of his face, and his hair hadn't quite settled back into place properly. Even his knuckles were faintly scraped and reddened, as though they'd recently been split open and knitted back together again.

Misla just stared at him over the rim of her teacup, not quite letting her amusement show.

"Good morning, my love. Did you tumble out of bed?"

And into another made of knives, perhaps?

Sairaorg flushed and coughed into his fist.

"Morning, mother. I was sparring with Regulus."

"Ah, yes," she mused aloud. "The incarnated Nemean Lion - a living Longinus - who's taken to brutalising my son on a schedule."

What a world she'd woken up to.

"It's training." Sai shrugged as he took his seat across from her, then paused. "And I think he's still mad we forgot about him that one time, or just using it as an excuse to maul me whenever he gets bored. Either or."

"That sounds remarkably unpleasant."

And mildly horrifying at that.

"It's not that bad." He piled eggs and sausages onto his plate and poured himself a drink. "Fun, really. At least when he doesn't get mean about it. Those claws sting."

The small laugh bubbled out of her of its own accord, and Sairaorg brightened with victory.

Even Anton seemed to swallow a smile, and that one clung to decorum like a priest to gospel.

"So long as you're safe," she conceded. "Though while we're on the matter…"

He had already gone back to eating, half-distracted, before glancing up through his next mouthful.

"Hm?"

"Is that why you accepted the Andrealphus girl's challenge? For the fun of it?"

"Oh. That? No." A flicker of concern crossed his face. "Why? Do you think I shouldn't have-?"

Misla shook her head.

"You're old enough to be making decisions for yourself."

These for certain - Her son could be stubborn enough to headbutt a mountain if the mood took him, but he was clever besides, and more capable than many devils twice his age, noble or not.

Nobles especially.

"They approached you properly enough - if quite persistently - so you're free to handle the matter however you please," she said, setting her cup down with a faint tap. "Though I would like to hear your reasoning."

Call it a mother's curiosity.

"Sure?" He hesitated. "It might not sound all that impressive."

"Try me."

She didn't miss a beat.

"Right. Okay." He put his fork down and cleared his throat. "She's not strong."

That… was an interesting start.

"Kuisha Abaddon, I mean. She's not stronger than me, and neither is her friend."

"How can you tell?"

"Senjutsu."

Of course.

"Don't get me wrong, I don't think they're weak. They've both got plenty of demonic power and the Clan Traits to match, but unless they're really good at hiding their power - like, scarily good?"

He shook his head.

"I've got them beat by a mile."

"I see."

Smiling with fierce pride and reaching across the table to pull him into a hug would ruin the mood, so Misla settled for a raised eyebrow.

"And?"

"And they know that." Sairaorg leaned back in his chair and reached for his glass of orange juice, idly turning it in his hand. "I showed off, just a little, and I could tell it rattled them."

Her brow rose a little further.

"But Kuisha Abaddon still looked me dead in the eye and challenged me anyway." He finished explaining. "Her friend - Coriana - was just as nervous, but she was still ready to back her up right then and there."

He gave another small, sheepish shrug.

"I liked that."

And he would, wouldn't he?

A touch sentimental, perhaps, but if anyone could appreciate that sort of single-minded determination, it would be her son.

And still....

"That does sound admirable," she agreed, dropping a sugar cube into her tea. "But there's a fine line between bravery and desperation, and even the one standing on it can't always tell you which is which."

Even then, there were limits.

Spine was all well and good, but it only promised potential, not results.

"Maybe." He nodded right back, but a faint grin tugged at the corner of his mouth anyway. "But I guess we'll find out, won't we? There's a reason I set it for a couple of months from now."

The way he said that…

As the challenged party, it was perfectly within Sairaorg's rights to choose the time and venue - But now Misla was curious.

"Are you plotting something, my love?"

The idea of it was positively charming.

"Do tell."

"It's not a plot." His nose wrinkled. "It's more of a test, as pretentious as that sounds."

Misla laughed outright.

"You are a Bael and a Vapula both. Believe me, your ceiling for pretention is higher than most."

She would know.

Sairaorg wrinkled his nose even harder, and Anton suddenly became very interested in a patch on the far wall.

"That's not encouraging."

"It is what it is. Now go on. Don't keep me in suspense."

"The Samhain Ball."

Misla straightened a touch.

"It's in about a month, give or take. That's when everyone finds out you're back."

"We're back," she corrected reflexively, though it was distracted at best.

"Yes?"

"Whatever happens there…the entire Underworld's gonna hear about it inside of a week." He tapped a thumb against the side of his glass. "I just want to see if they actually follow through, or if it was all talk after all."

Not a bad idea, admittedly…

But that wasn't what stuck with her.

"Whatever happens-" She stopped. "Sairaorg, are you planning on making a scene?"

He looked up and smiled innocently.

"Nope. Why would I do that? It's going to be loud all on its own."

True.

"I just can't wait to visit home again. See some old friends."

There was a sharp edge to the violet of his eyes.

"Father too."

...

Oh.

...

Misla pursed her lips.

Sai looked unrepentant in the silence that followed, and she understood.

Didn't she ever.

Her own grudge against her husband was built on the same foundation, and it was a bitter, hateful thing by any measure.

Despising the Lord Bael came easily after what he'd done, and Misla had rained ruin down on others for less.

Even so, she wouldn't be a mother worth the name if she didn't rein this impulse in.

"Don't be rash." She cautioned, and Sairaorg sat up slightly. "Enjoy yourself. Let them see you and all that you've become, but remember to watch your step."

There were plenty of grudges to settle, in the end, and the circumstances were in their favour, but charging in headfirst with spite alone was foolish.

Embarrassing, even.

Her son would be better than that.

"I'm not going to do anything stupid."

"I didn't say you would." She smiled patiently as he looked away. "Just remember to pace yourself, and act on your best judgment."

Slow and steady would win the race, and they were already halfway there.

"…Sure."

"Wonderful."

The agreement was halfhearted, but it'd do.

Misla reached for a piece of toast and began buttering it, before splitting it cleanly in two.

"Now then… your aspiring Peerage candidates. Any more clever ideas?"

"Not really." He shook his head and drained his cup at last. "And I still think everyone's being just a little too optimistic there. I'm not even sure I want a peerage yet - or ever."

He threw his hands up in exasperation.

"For the love of - I don't even have Evil Pieces yet!"

Misla blinked.

That first part was... a conversation for another time.

Not every noble devil assembled a peerage.

She never had, despite having the opportunity.

Then again, times had changed.

With the New Satans' rule as strong as it is and the Rating Games as prevalent as they are, a young Pillar heir refusing to build one could be politically problematic, at best.

As for the second point…

"Actually…" She exchanged a sly smile with Anton and raised a hand. "About that."

Sairaorg's confusion didn't last.

He took one look at her face and his jaw dropped.

Then it dropped a little more when the polished chess box appeared in her hand - small, lacquered black wood with silver inlay.

Small and unassuming, for something quite so important.

"No way."

"Yes way." She laughed at his stunned disbelief. "You have just as much right to them as any of your other 'peers'."

"When-?"

"Oh, I've had them for a few years now."

Since before their exile, even.

Misla had made certain to pick up a set before it came to that.

The Underworld would freeze over and the Morningstar would rise again to thaw it out before she left her son empty-handed.

Though she had made sure Anton only knew to give them to him no sooner than his fifteenth birthday, just to be safe.

Sairaorg was a treasure, but granting children the ability to reincarnate any mortal not obscenely more powerful than they are as subordinate devils tended to result in anything from indulgent waste to diplomatic incidents, with endless headaches for a middle ground.

Best not chance it altogether.

"Go on then."

Sairaorg took the box a little stiffly, still just this side of gobsmacked.

He turned it over in his hands once, then twice, before awkwardly setting it down and cracking the lid open.

There they were.

Fifteen gleaming Evil Pieces rested in neat rows against dark velvet, each one polished to a mirror sheen and only faintly thrumming with dormant power.

For a moment, her son simply stared.

"...Seriously?"

She waved him on.

His fingers hesitated over the first row, ghosting across the pawns - almost skittish at first, but curiosity pulled him in.

Then he drifted to the next row, slowly tracing their shapes as he went.

Rook. Knight. Bishop.

He stopped at the Queen Piece.

The most powerful one of the set.

He drew it out carefully, holding it up to the light, studying it with startling intensity.

Then, to her surprise, he smiled.

"Something the matter?"

He didn't seem upset.

"Right now, there's only one person in the universe I'd even consider giving this to - and if I was stupid enough to ask, he'd probably punch me across the horizon."

Misla waited, and his smile widened in satisfaction.

"And I'd let him."

She didn't have to ask, and she was glad to hear it.

"You have a good friend, Sairaorg."

A very important one - potentially a very dangerous one - but a good one all the same.

Her son agreed.

"The best."

Of course, that was when Anton cleared his throat.

"Lord Sairaorg?"

Both of them turned to meet her cousin's gaze, and he quickly produced a folded letter from somewhere within his suit.

"You have a message, Lord Sairaorg."

Sairaorg blinked.

"From Mr Winchester."

"Dan?" He took it with a bemused look and unfolded it. "Why wouldn't he just-"

That was about the point where he started reading, and the words died in his throat.

His face immediately settled into long-suffering annoyance.
Then his brows furrowed.

Then he choked.

"Sairaorg?"

He didn't answer.

His eyes went wide.

Then wider.

They kept roving over the page, word by word, until they reached the bottom, and by that point his face had gone eerily blank.

The only signs of life were the spasming grip he had on the letter and the faint, sporadic twitch beneath his left eye.

"What is it?"

Wordlessly, he handed her the letter.

Misla accepted it with growing concern, and began reading.

To his eternally venerable and endlessly illustrious Lordship, Sairaorg Bael.

What're you still doing down there, loser?

Everything peachy?

Actually, don't answer that. I don't really care.

Remember that field trip I dropped by to tell you Chiron and I were going on? The one with his new guest?

It went off the rails.

Like, way off the rails - our kind of off the rails.

Stuff happened, I met a nice witch, things went down, and then we met another evil witch in Cocytus.

Yeah. That Cocytus.

Oh, and Kerberos too, I guess - Courage had a trip with that one.

That was the boring part.

Chiron sent us home when we got what we came for, and I nearly got decapitated not three minutes after we popped back.

Then the two of us got kidnapped - Me and the new girl, I mean.

I know.

New record, right?

Only thing missing was the confetti.

Anyway, long story short?

I fought - and beat - more homicidal Shinto-reject assassins than I can count, got stuck in ground zero of a Longinus-class Balance Breaker, and squared up against an Eight-Winged Fallen Angel.

Beat him too, by the way. I'm officially up a hundred points just for that.

New girl got hurt pretty bad by the end, and then things got weirder on my end for a bit - but I think it all worked out in the end.

If convenient, get back over here so we can talk about it already.

If inconvenient, please come anyway, you worthless hellspawn.

Love,
Chiron's better student.

P.S. - Say hi to your mom for me, and remember to tell her that adoption is a perfectly acceptable life choice in the twenty-first century. She doesn't have to put up with you if she doesn't want to, the poor woman.

...

Misla lowered the letter slowly, staring at it in silence.

Her lips parted, then helplessly closed again without a sound.

What?

"I'm going to end him." Sairaorg was muttering with a vacant, thousand-yard stare. "I'm going to end him, and then his dad will end me, and it'll be worth it."

She didn't know where to begin addressing that one.

On a whim, she turned the page over and blinked again.

"There's another postscript."

The muttering stopped.

Her son slowly craned his neck towards her, tension coiling through him like a wound spring.

Anton had to turn away entirely, and she had to swallow an incredulous snort and clear her throat.

P.P.S. - If you're wondering why I wrote this instead of showing up in person, it's because the look on your face must be priceless.

A second line followed immediately beneath it, the scrawl of it only slightly messier than the rest.

Also, I raided your Snickers stash. Bite me, sucker.

...

Three.

Two.

One.

Sairaorg leapt out of his chair so quickly he nearly upended the table.

"PAGAN BASTARD! I'LL KILL HIM!"

...
​
Chiron's Estate:

Three months since the Fall of Oz.

Two months since the offers began.

Polite invitations. Sly little proposals. Friendly conversations that always seemed to circle back to how they only wanted to help - for a price.

One month since some of them stopped being quite so polite.

Funny how quickly the smiles disappeared once they realized there was no one standing behind her.

No patrons. No sponsors. No backing.

She didn't even have a home anymore.

Grauzauberer had always been dangerous, but it was a deathtrap - or worse - for anyone without a strong enough shield.

Desperation and stress and fear kept growing until she couldn't tell where one ended and the next began.

In the end, that's what pushed her to Greece.

To Athens, and Chiron Philyrides - a legendary figure who might actually hear her out.

Somebody who could help.

And the rest was history.

...

Cocytus. The attack. A Fallen Angel.

...

Walburga.

...

Glenda.

...

...

...

When Lavinia woke up the next morning, she felt nothing.

Not pain, or hurt, or despair.

Not even the smallest spark of anger.

Nothing.

The emptiness was its own kind of weight instead.

An aching, hollow exhaustion that sapped the strength from her limbs and left her feeling impossibly light and unbearably heavy all at once.

Burnout really was an insidious thing.

Even when Chiron came to speak to her, she could barely bring herself to look him in the eye.

Balance Breaker backlash.

Poison.

No permanent damage.

He spoke, and she listened, but it might as well have been static for all the good it did.

Lavinia understood every word, but for all that she'd woken up in a bed more comfortable than any she'd ever slept in, she was just so, so tired.

Maybe the Trainer of Heroes could tell, because his next words were particularly kind.

"You remain my guest, at your discretion."

She nodded numbly.

What else was she supposed to do?

She had nowhere else to go, and even getting up off the bed felt impossible.

Chiron watched her for a moment longer than necessary, before exhaling gently.

"This is a conversation for another time. It's time for breakfast."

And there was no arguing with that.

"You need to eat."

That was how she ended up at a table alone - for comfort's sake, maybe - despite the generous spread of food laid out across it.

Cold cuts and sliced cheese, a jar of honey, plain yogurt, fresh bread, and a few untouched bowls of cereal beside juice and water.

There was nothing wrong with it.

Lavinia still couldn't stomach it.

She tried to lift a spoon to her lips, her hand trembled so badly she stopped halfway there.

She gave up on the third attempt, and the spoon settled back into the bowl with a faint clink.

Eating was out.

Unfortunately, just sitting there wasn't much better.

The moment she stopped going through the motions and let the silence wash over her, her thoughts would start wandering, and that was the last thing she wanted.

Everything that had happened-

Lavinia squeezed her eyes shut.

The emptiness inside of her was almost a blessing, then.

Her mind veered away almost instinctively, latching onto the first thought it could cling to.

The poisoning.

...

That wasn't much better.

The wound itself had been nothing. The dagger hadn't even left a scar.

She'd checked, if only in reflex.

But the memory of it still made her shudder.

The burning in her veins. The sickening wrongness of it-

Lavinia swallowed.

No.

That wasn't much better at all.

But...

It gave her something else to focus on.

One thing led to another, and before she knew it, a notebook was in front of her and she was scribbling away for the sake of it.

Just to drown herself in something familiar.

Scritch. Scratch. Scritch.

It worked a little too well, and she only noticed she wasn't alone anymore when something moved in the corner of her eye.

Lavinia jerked, and the room nearly flash-froze.

The air turned sharp enough to bite, and a thin layer of frost spread across the nearest window before she reined Absolute Demise back in.

"I'm sorry-"

By then, Daniel Winchester had already backed away three hurried steps, both hands raised in surrender.

"No, no, my bad. Should've knocked. Heard there was breakfast and I figured-" His eyes caught on the notebook. "-I'd... join... you...?"

He trailed off, staring at the page for a long second.

Lavinia found herself staring back.

She didn't know what to think of the demigod.

Given she'd known him for less than a day, and most of that time had been spent either unconscious or fighting for her life, the uncertainty seemed fair.

He seemed genuine enough.

Bright and warm, too, and nothing about him felt immediately wrong - but that didn't mean anything, did it?

Appearances were worthless, and trusting people at face value was one of the most dangerous mistakes anyone could make.

Even before everything that had happened, Lavinia had known that perfectly well.

She'd also seen him fight.

Or maybe seen was the wrong word.

Her accidental, uncontrolled Balance Breaker had been a cracked, ugly thing, but she still vaguely remembered flickers of awareness - some evolution of her Sacred Gear's power.

Battlefield Clairvoyance, almost.

She'd caught fragments through the haze of delirious pain - most of them had slipped away, but some still stuck with her.

A figure burning in shades of gold, tearing through the blizzard with a fiery spear in hand.

Another black smudge with shadowed wings, lunging after him.

Then a flash of searing, scorching purple.

They felt more like fever dreams than anything else - blurry and uncertain - and reconciling any of them with the boy standing in front of her was a trial and a half.

Still, Lavinia stayed wary.

She couldn't help it.

"What kind of spell is that?"

That... caught her off guard.

He hadn't looked away from her scribbles, but his attention wasn't sharp or dangerous.

Just fascinated.

"Spatial magic? Point-to-point teleportation?" She heard him mutter under his breath. "No, too complicated. And there's no receiver for an end coordinate - wait, no, there it is, but that's a closed loop."

His brows furrowed.

"And ward-lines… so only the caster can use it?"

She wasn't quite sure how he ended up on the seat next to her, but there he was, poring over the notebook between one blink and the next.

"But why is it structured to take more than one input?"

"Because it's not meant to transport people."

The answer slipped out all on its own, and his head snapped up to meet her eyes.

"Come again?"

Lavinia hesitated.

She hadn't meant to answer - hadn't meant to speak at all, really - but now that she had…

He was still looking at her.

"It's not complete, and it's not meant to transport people."

"Then what-?"

"It's a defensive spell I'm trying to put together." A half-baked idea at best. "The venom I was poisoned with-"

He winced immediately, before plopping onto the stool to her right.

"Right. That was nasty."

Then he seemed to put the pieces together, and his eyes widened.

"Wait, this is for that?"

He turned back to the page, looking at it in a new light.

"Defensive… you're designing a spell that purges poison from a human body by teleporting it out?"

"…Something like that, yes."

It was barely a model, and she knew it, but Daniel perked up before she could finish.

"Oh, that's clever."

Lavinia glanced back down at the notebook dubiously.

"And complicated," He admitted a second later, even if the admiration was still there. "Super complicated. You need a spell component that makes the purging effect automatic, unless you can multitask like a monster. And another one that makes sure the spell knows what to purge, and what not to. It's active inside the body, and that can go gnarly really, really fast."

It was her turn to wince.

He wasn't wrong - there were horror stories of self-targeted spells backfiring and violently disfiguring the caster and everything around them.

And those were the mild ones.

"The cost would be hard to work around too." Now that she was thinking aloud... "Something so expansive... the drain would be ridiculous. Unless it had a conditional activation. Another aspect of the spell that only triggers the whole thing when it detects a foreign toxin in the body?"

He nodded along slowly.

"Sure, but then it loops back to another... not problem, exactly, but-"

"I know," Lavinia agreed. "It's reactive, not preventative - and not a cure."

A spell designed to protect against poison still needed poison to work against.

The principle wasn't all that different from an antivenom.

Only no antivenom was perfect.

Daniel clicked his tongue.

"If it only activates after something gets into your system, you're already in danger. Unless the spell can purge every last trace of it before damage sets in, but that's-"

"Too optimistic to bet on." She finished, and he nodded again.

"Depends on what you get hit with, I guess. Some of the stuff out there only needs a second to ruin your day."

That, she'd learned very well.

"Then another aspect to protect the body?" She frowned in concentration. "Repair and reinforce?"

"Yeah, probably for the best."

A small yellow notepad simply flashed into existence in his left hand, followed by a pen in his right.

Then, before Lavinia could finish tensing, a bowl of figs - of all things -appeared on the table between them.

Figs.

What-?

"You also want to double down on these wards."

He was already writing.

"They're straightforward and all-around useful, but magic like this won't be subtle. If an enemy picks up on it, they could take it over, and considering what it does… somebody could literally turn your insides into your outsides at range, and that's just off the top of my head."

That mental image was enough to break through her bewilderment.

"That's morbid."

He finally glanced up from his notes, distracted, and gave her a charming little half-smile.

"I'm a Greek demigod. Morbid is relative."

"..."

Lavinia couldn't argue that.

Children's bedtime stories about Greek mythology couldn't argue that.

"Fig?"

She blinked.

He was holding out the bowl to her.

How does he keep moving so quickly?

"Trust me, they're amazing."

Her first instinct was to politely refuse.

Then she caught the scent of them - sun-warmed, honeyed - and the impulse wavered.

What could it hurt?

"Thank you."

She took a bite and nearly jumped.

Sweet and light, and the rush of flavour went straight to her brain.

"Oh my god."

"Right?"

Lavinia couldn't answer - she got nearly halfway through the fruit before coming up for air.

She hadn't realized how hungry...

...

Nevermind.

She took another bite.

"So about the reinforce-and-repair bit," Daniel went on, pen already moving again. "I asked, and when Chiron healed you, he did it by dispelling the innate magic in the venom, transmuting the physical substance in your blood, and transfiguring away any damage all in one go, which is just… so far beyond me it's not even funny. Not without cheating."

"Cheating?"

He shrugged.

"Son of the god of healing. Most of the injuries I get are things I can basically will away, with enough time and power. The more esoteric stuff is a problem, though. The venom used on you..."

He bit the end of his pen in thought.

"If I had to do it... potion, maybe? Everything comes back to alchemy in the end."

"Alchemy?"

The curiosity made her sit up.

"Is that your chosen craft?"

...

Idiot

She regretted asking almost immediately.

Too direct - It would have been bad form in Grauzerber.

But he didn't seem offended.

"As in, a magical discipline?"

She nodded carefully.

"Nope." He popped the 'p'. "I don't really have one?"

The confusion must have shown on her face.

"Don't get me wrong, some things are more interesting than others, and I'm really itching to look into Astromancy, but I'm not picking one thing over the other any time soon. Magic is just… magic, you know?"

Something about the way he said that...

It almost made her smile.

"I think I do."

He grinned brightly, then drummed his fingers against his notepad.

"And as for Alchemy… I'm reading up on some basics, but it's more of a 'waste not, want not' kind of thing for me."

And there was that curiosity again.

"What do you mean?"

"Me and a friend keep... sort of stumbling into situations that end with us getting our hands on some pretty nifty things. Having at least some idea how to use them just seems smart."

"Things?"

"Reagents, mostly. Magical sheep wool, dracaena scales, some thaumaturgically active metals... even dragon's blood."

Lavinia froze.

Wholly and completely.

"Dragon's blood?"

"Yep."

"Pure dragon's blood?" she pressed, because that was an important distinction.

Even if it wasn't their field, any witch or magician worth their salt knew how powerful - and valuable - something like that was.

Daniel's grin tugged a little wider.

"Straight from the source."

Ridiculous.

Dragon-sourced materials weren't impossibly rare, depending on the quality, but even the lowest grades could be hideously expensive.

Pure, genuine dragon's blood could ruin-

Straight from the source.

Her mind stalled.

...

No.

Surely not-

"When you say 'source'-"

"I mean the source is a giant fire-breathing murder lizard," he answered without skipping a beat, before pausing and tilting his head. "Well, was. We did a real number on him."

Lavinia stared in disbelief.

The demigod didn't look remotely sorry.

"Don't worry, he totally deserved it. In fact…"

He bit into a fig and twisted his stool to face her.

"Let me tell you a story."

...

And so he did.

…

"I… don't know what to say."

"I get that a lot."

She didn't know where to start.

"You and your friend had a teleportation mishap."

"Right."

"And you ended up in the middle of a supernaturally aware community you'd never heard of."

"Correct."

"Right next to a dragon lair - a lair that belonged to another remote community before that same dragon decimated them and stole their home for himself."

"Not seeing any holes so far."

Lavinia was trying, she really was.

"And after hearing all that, your first instinct was to… walk into the place and hope for the best?"

He must be joking.

Daniel seemed to think about that for a moment, before beaming chipperly.

"Sounds about right!"

He wasn't joking.

"But…" She shook her head helplessly. "That's so stupid."

Then she flushed crimson.

Too far.

"Sorry, that was rude -"

"No, you're right," he admitted shamelessly. "We got lucky, and it all worked out for the best, but man was the lead-up brainless. Chiron - and others - totally read us the riot act for it. Multiple times. In just as many languages."

He snorted under his breath, and Lavinia almost followed.

Shakily, but it counted.

"It also gave Teach the perfect excuse to punish us in the worst way imaginable."

"Worse than a dragon?"

It was half a joke, but he was dead serious when he leaned in to answer.

"Way worse."

Lavinia held her breath.

What could possibly-?

"You've heard about Smaug." His voice darkened ominously. "Now let me tell you... about The Chicken."

…

And so he did that too.

....

If she'd been at a loss before, now she might as well have gone mute.

"That can't be real."

"But it is." His eyes were haunted. "It is."

"..."

She wet her lips hesitantly.

"I'm so sorry."

"So were we."

He gazed off into the distance with a thousand-yard stare.

"We thought we were ready for the horrors of this world, but we were wrong. Chiron proved that. We were so wrong."

The last bite of his fig disappeared in a flash, and he finally turned back and looked her right in the eye.

Blue on blue.

Somehow, that made her lean in, until they were nearly nose to nose.

"Don't forget this warning, Lavinia Reni. Never forget. We couldn't put it down - it was too powerful."

He didn't blink once.

"It's still out there."

She swallowed.

"Beware The Chicken."

"..."

"..."

"I... won't forget."

"Good. I'm glad."

...

A moment passed.

Then another.

And a third.

...

Lavinia's nose itched.

Daniel's lips twitched.

They both sucked in a shaky breath.

…

"Snrrk!" "Pffft!"

Daniel cracked up first, one hand shooting out to catch the edge of the counter before he toppled off the stool altogether.

Lavinia didn't even try to stay upright. She doubled over right there in her seat, one arm wrapping around her middle, the other bracing on her knee, giggling hard enough to make her eyes sting.

The tide of it was bright and completely breathless, and if anyone had seen them, they would've thought they'd both lost their minds.

How long since she'd laughed like this?

She couldn't remember.

The thought only made her laugh harder, muffling it into her sleeve as another helpless burst shook her shoulders.

Daniel was only a little better.

One of them would meet the other's eyes every once in a while, and that would set them both off all over again.

It was wonderful.

...Except...

Eventually, Lavinia tried to pull herself together again.

Enough was enough.

Only she couldn't.

The more she tried, the harder her shoulders shook. Her hands wouldn't steady. The laughter didn't fade so much as change, catching in her throat and turning ragged around the edges.

More wretched.

...

Oh.

She was crying.

...

The realization didn't stop it.

Even as the sobs quieted, they were ugly to her ears - bitter and raw.

Her hands curled into white-knuckled fists on the counter, and her head stayed bowed as the waves wracked through her.

Even when she stifled them, tremors ran along her shoulders and down her arms.

The tears wouldn't stop, either.

They slid down her face, wetting her cheeks and dripping onto the pages in front of her.

Daniel was a blurred shape at the edge of her vision.

He wasn't looking at her, and she still screwed her eyes shut at the sight of him.

She didn't know why.

She didn't know anything anymore.
...

Everything was wrong.

Everything ruined.
...

Why?

Why. Why. Why?

…

Why?

…

Then she heard it again.

"Hey."

Daniel's voice - only it was different.

Low and so, so sad.

"How about I tell you one last story, if you're up for it?"

Lavinia didn't say anything.

She couldn't even open her eyes.

The numbness was already back.

The seconds ticked on.

Then-

"Once upon a time, there was a kid."
"..."

"A pint-sized little New Yorker like all the rest."

He shuffled a little as he found his rythm.

"Bit of a brat, really, but if you asked his mother-" He slowed on the word. "Well, she'd probably tell you that he was the coolest thing since sliced bread."

A pause.

"It was just them, see, and she loved him very much - and he, her. There was no Dad in the picture, but there didn't need to be. They had each other, and that was enough."

Another beat.

"It didn't last."

His voice dipped.

"Not every story has a happy ending. A few years ago, the kid's mother... he lost her - and it pretty much destroyed him."

"..."

"Recovering from that… moving on… please."

She heard him snort.

"Those things felt like a pipe dream. He was heartbroken, miserable, and cold all over. Like someone had sucked every bit of light and warmth from the world, and left him in the dark."

"..."

"But there was still one thing that could still fire him up - Anger."

Lavinia's breath hitched.

"Not at the universe, or fate… or even the Fates if you want to get technical. No, this was smaller, and pettier, and a lot more personal. The one thing that could always, always get under his skin, come hell or high water."

"…"

"Family, friends, and everyone in between. All the people who tried to reach out to him when he pulled too far away. They meant well, but all it took was the magic words."

"I understand."
"I know what you're feeling."
"It'll get better."

"The words… those kind, gentle little things."

His voice changed again.

Sharper and harder this time.

"He hated them. Damn near more than anything, because they were all lies. Those people that talked to him…"

She heard him shift again.

"They didn't understand. They didn't know what he was feeling, and it wouldn't get better. It didn't matter if they'd lost someone too. It didn't matter if they'd lost everyone - none of them were her. None of them were my-"

The word broke in his throat, and he swallowed roughly.

Lavinia felt her heartbeat press against her ribs.

"...It was a selfish, spiteful way of thinking, but..." He exhaled raggedly, "I did say he was a brat. That's just how it was."

Slowly, her eyes opened.

She didn't look at him - she didn't even look up yet - but she could tell he noticed.

A few more seconds passed.

Then she heard him sigh.

"There's no moral to that story, by the way." He laughed a little humorlessly. "I had to make one up."

Something rustled, and she risked a glance to see him pushing that little notepad away, before bracing his elbows against the counter as he searched for the words.

"Okay, here goes."

Lavinia turned in her seat.

Just a little.

"I think telling people that you 'get it' can be real condescending on a good day. Good intentions matter, and they can help a ton, but comparing suffering..."

He trailed off and took a deep breath.

"It's like multiplying by zero. No matter how big or small a number you start with, it just won't get you anywhere. A losing game through and through."

"..."

"Lavinia."

She went still.

"I may be rambling - it's a bad habit, I know - but the point I'm leading up to is… you've been through a lot. Obviously."

He ran his hand through his hair and sighed.

"And I don't understand what you're feeling. Our situations aren't the same, or even close to it. I don't get it."

For a moment, neither of them moved.

Then, he finally - finally - looked at her, and their eyes met again.

"But I know that you're in pain, and I am sorry."

His smile was warm and soft.

"If there's anything I can do to help, I'll do my best. That's a promise."

…

Trusting a stranger was the height of stupidity.

Lavinia knew that.

Especially after everything she'd survived.

She'd learned.

...

...And still...

...

Faced with that absolute sincerity...

...

She was just lost.

...

When it was all said and done, the only thing she could do was bury her face in her hands, and let the tears come again.

...

...

...

Eventually, the waterworks ran dry.

By then, Lavinia had given up on trying to understand how Daniel Winchester moved the way he did.

Or how they'd ended up like this.

He had his arm around her, loose and easy, and she leaned against his side almost bonelessly.

Any other time, it would have been mortifying.

Right then, she didn't have the energy to care.

Her body felt like a wrung-out dishtowel. Everything ached, all the way down to her soul.

Between that and her tear-streaked face, she must have looked utterly pitiful.

But better that than empty.

She stayed right where she was, and he didn't seem the least bit bothered.

"I don't know what I'm going to do now."

Grauzerberer.

Organisations hunting her.

Pretty much everything else on top.

Daniel made a small, sympathetic sound.

"Sounds like trouble. Still taking any suggestions?"

Lavinia let out a weak, breathless huff that could pass for a laugh by the skin of it's teeth.

"Any and all."

"Awesome."

He gave her that half-smile again - the same one as before - before closing his eyes and straightening slightly.

"Brace yourself."

That was all the warning she got.

Then a flash of silver light washed over the room, and the air changed.

À̶̳b̶͓̀s̷̻͠ò̶͈ḽ̴͒ȕ̴̹t̸̟͒e̵̫͆ ̶̻͘D̶͔̎e̸͇̚m̵͖̓ì̴̟s̶͇̐e̶̟̚ ̷̣̈p̵̢̏ụ̵̃l̶̢͌s̶̰̋e̷̖͝d̵̝̕.̷̫̿

Lavinia stiffened at Daniel's side, instincts blaring at the sight of the woman standing across the room.

Black leather jacket, combat boots, white-blonde hair and striking silver eyes.

Powerful.

Very, very powerful.

'Hey, Aunt A."

... Who now?

But it clicked for her before the woman - the goddess - glanced her way.

Of course.

Why not this as well?

Those unfathomable silver eyes panned over to Lavinia in silent judgment.

The G̸̳̓a̶͙͒ẓ̴̑ẹ̷̃ of a H̵̞̑u̸͕̍n̶̥̚t̵̩̓ė̵̱r̵̖̎.​

...Strangely enough, she wasn't afraid.

Nervous, and feeling like a bacterium standing in front of a star - or a moon - but not afraid.

Not even as she bowed her head, and resisted the urge to kneel completely.

"Great Lady."

"Child."

The goddess's eyes shifted.

"Nephew."

"Lavinia here has a problem." She almost choked, and he gave her shoulder a reassuring squeeze and one last grin to match. "It's sort of in your wheelhouse. You got a minute?"

Those silver eyes flickered to her again.

"...I'm listening."

...

And that, as they say, was that.

...​

Elsewhere:

As far as locations for a good old-fashioned emergency parley went, the small, wind-worn isle off the northern Levantine coast wasn't half bad.

Dreary and barren, sure - Nothing but sun-bleached rock and stubborn tufts of scrub clawing at cracks, and with all the personality of a water-logged corpse, but it'd do.

If Azazel, Governor General of the Grigori, wanted something with more of a pulse, he had options.

And people.

Preferably options and people, with fun to be had in between, but today…

Today was not that day.

The only thing standing on the isle was a small, domed citadel, quickly raised and warded for just the occasion.

Like everything else around it, it was nothing special.

Rough stone and blank, empty walls, and a single hollow chamber in the middle.

Even the lighting was harsh and stark, like it had something to prove.

Riveting scenery, truly.

Azazel lounged in a high-backed chair at the table - one of three - and swirling a goblet of wine purely for dramatic effect.

Flair was half the game, after all.

Stone-faced Baraqiel sat to his right, as his second.

And across from them - alone - was Gabriel.

Herald of the Word, Messenger of the Most High, and about twenty different titles just off the top of his head.

None of them did her justice.

His once-sister sat there, beautiful and perfect in every carefully measured angle, with golden hair and eyes an inhuman shade of blue.

Her wings were folded away, but even so her presence pressed against the room - light and holy enough to sting against his being like a persistent, irritating itch.

The cold, dispassionate gaze was just the cherry on top.

Family reunions, eh?

Two Fallen Cadre, and one Great Seraph.

Some people might think that, in the event of a diplomatic kerfuffle, the odds would be tipped in their favor.

Some people were also suicidal idiots, and Azazel wasn't nearly drunk enough - or at all, tragically - to consider that line of stupidity.

Either way, the stare off continued.

The silence stretched.

Gabriel didn't move, or blink, or even pretend to offer him the courtesy of a reaction.

He almost rolled his eyes.

Fine then.

"I feel like I'm being held in contempt."

"I always hold you in contempt, Azazel." She didn't hesitate. "You deserve nothing less."

Ouch.

It wasn't even a joke, or casual banter - just plain fact.

Of course, the words didn't faze him.

"Hostile way to start, don't you think? That hurt, right here." He patted his chest theatrically. "I called for this little get-together in good faith."

She said nothing, but frankly, he wasn't banking on much to begin with.

Messages didn't need words, after all, and most of the mail Gabriel sent the Grigori's way usually came in the form of assorted smitings and violent eviscerations.

Getting her to sit at a table was already half a miracle - and no, that wasn't a pun.

He preferred his low-hanging fruit riper.

"Speak."

"Come on, don't be like that."

Azazel took a swing of his goblet and mentally grimaced at the terrible vintage.

This is what he gets for letting the interns pack his booze.

"You know full well why I'm here. Olympus is acting up again."

Or at least some of their agents were - and one in particular.

Chiron Kentauros had apparently come out of retirement, and that alone was worth ringing all the alarm bells, and then some.

Case in point?

"The old war-horse paid a few of my research facilities a visit."

A 'few' being an even two dozen, and a 'visit' a cataclysm.

Collateral damage was limited to labs, higher-ranked Fallen and any other aspiring morons who tried to get in his way - which Azazel appreciated, he really did.

Those paychecks had to be earned somehow.

The losses, on the other hand...

Ah, hell.

He was down useful manpower, centuries of valuable research, and the world's most dangerous pagan pony had kicked down his doors, wiped the floor with his people, and trotted right back out without so much as a scratch.

And worst of all?

He. Had. Pretext.

Azazel wanted to seethe.

Again.

It would've been bad enough if that Council of arrogant bastards had broken isolation just to poke the Grigori.

But no. They had to show up with a reason.

A good one.

There was no simple eye-for-an-eye here.

Even if he wanted to strike back - and he damn well didn't - it couldn't be done without support,

Support that would lead to escalation, and then everything would spiral straight to kingdom come.

Thanks, but he'll pass.

Call him crazy, but he wasn't feeling that kind of Tuesday.

"Look, sis, I'll keep it short. Rogue Fallen. Some upstart descendant - not one of mine!" He raised a finger. "He attacked one of the big bad centaur's guests, and now the Greeks are up in arms because someone took a dump all over their front porch."

There was more to the story, obviously, because it was suspiciously short on details, but the headlines weren't fake.

He'd checked.

Gabriel was unmoved.

"This is no concern of Heaven," she declared coldly.

"Getting there."

Until a couple of decades ago, Ezren Vale had been... not ordinary, exactly, but not trouble either.

A nosy little punk with pedigree, some real power, and the skill to back it up, but that was about it.

The fact that he'd vanished off the radar and resurfaced alongside this Utausemi Agency was interesting, but on its own it probably wouldn't have even crossed Azazel's desk.

Not until someone realized who the brat was actually subordinate to.

"The Fallen wasn't one of mine." He put the goblet down and settled his expression into something distinctly less easygoing. "He was Satanael's."

...

Gabriel remained perfectly still - icy stare and everything.

"This is no concern of Heaven."

Oh, or the love of-

Besides him, Baraqiel grunted.

Terrible poker face, that one, but at least he didn't speak.

She wouldn't have acknowledged him regardless.

"You sure about that?" Azazel spread his arms. "I think everyone here is well aware of what a rogue Original Watcher can get up to if they put their mind to it."

Especially if they put their mind to it. Especially that one.

The Grigori had gone through enough restructuring over the course of its existence that "stability" was more of a theoretical concept than a lived experience.

Of the survivors of the First Order, some had modernised - slapped on a fresh coat of paint and adapted with the times, at least on the surface.

They were still Fallen, but now they had dental, severance packages, and even an HR department.

Progress.

There were the occasional upstarts unionising and stirring up trouble, along with the solo acts who were more likely to give him - read: Penemue - political migraines, but they were the minority.

And then there was the old guard - Like Sahriel.

Like Kokabiel.

Everyone avoided Kokabiel these days, because he'd made it clear what would happen if they didn't.

With spite.

Azazel still hasn't lived down that Vasco Strada fiasco from the Forties, and he wasn't looking for a repeat performance any time soon.

Unfortunately, Satanael was old guard too.

"He's splintered off from us entirely," he admitted, making a show of scratching behind his ear. "Took his handpicked students, whatever he was working on with Armaros, and vanished off to who knows where."

Azazel hadn't thought much of it at the time - hadn't noticed at all, honestly - but in his defense, he'd been busy.

The hoops an angel had to fly through to lock down a meeting with a Dragon King.

And now this.

"With one of Satanael's idiots picking a fight with the Greeks, and them not exactly being big on 'nuance'-"

"Your inability to manage your fellow rebels and the consequences of their actions is your own failing."

Of which there are many.

She didn't say it, but he could hear it just fine.

"Fair." He'd heard worse from Shemhazai. "But again, he's a solo act now."

"Scum under any other banner is still scum."

Aaaand there's the sanctimonious judgment.

Always a classic.

Baraqiel finally spoke. "We did not come to exchange insults."

To no one's surprise, Gabriel didn't even look at him.

"Satanael is our problem, true," Azazel continued before Barqiel could beat him to it. "But now he's gone and poked the bear. We'd like to ask for... let's call it a favour."

"Denied."

His expression didn't twitch, but it wanted to.

"Hear me out: We're not asking you to fight our battles for us, if it comes down to that. We're not weak… but a show of unity between Heaven and the Grigori would be a powerful deterrent."

And a necessary one, potentially.

People tended to behave better when they thought the "Biblical Factions" would close ranks against outsiders, cold war or no.

It was why he'd be calling up Serafall when he was done here.

Just to be safe.

Then again..

Maybe avoiding any overt devil-support was in everyone's best interests.

Between ancient history and that gloriously stupid Evil Piece blunder a few centuries back, the Greeks loathed them.

They hated all of them, really, but the Devils had gone home with the cup there - and that was just the Olympians.

He wasn't even going to mention Hades.

One nightmare at a time, please.

"We've been talking about peace talks for years now, but we never seem to get anywhere, do we?"

Azazel flashed her his best salesman's smile.

"This could change that. A gesture of goodwill-"

Gabriel's eyes flashed, and the pressure of her light intensified.

"There is no goodwill between us."

Baraqiel stilled warningly, the flux of his power rising like a tempest, but Azazel shot him a look before he did something stupid.

"Heaven stands first in upholding His tenets and His legacy. Above everything," she intoned. "That is the sole reason we consider treating with you further. Do not mistake it for permission to overstep."

This again.

Azazel let that bit of drama simmer.

Then he laughed, leaning back without breaking eye contact.

Seraphs.

Like righteous splinters under his nails, every last one.

"Sorry, sorry." He gave her another smile, and it wasn't all that nice - the irritation was beginning to show "My bad. I've never been good with permission. Did the black wings not give it away?"

Gabriel said nothing.

The contempt was loud enough on its own.

"Besides, I don't think I'm being too unreasonable here," Azazel went on, drumming his fingers against the table. "By your own words, peace lets Heaven do its job. A little agreement now could pave the way, and maybe someday - fingers crossed - we can all agree to stop bleeding each other out in an endless war nobody's ever going to win."

And see, it's not a lie.

At this point, after everything, official peace would be just about perfect - but he also wasn't holding his breath.

He'd settle for warning the Olympians off if they came for a fight.

"We-"

"You're only the Messenger, sister."

He didn't do innocent looks, but he gave her his best shot anyway.

"Unless I've missed something big, you have no business charting the path of the Heavenly Kingdom alone. Or has that-?"

And then he was there.


"̸A̴z̵a̴z̵e̷l̶.̷"̴​

A thousand years ago, Azazel wouldn't have hesitated.

One pulse of power, and he'd have lashed out.

Blasted this island to nothing, vaporised the sea around it, and incinerated everything for miles.

Then he'd have gone from there, assuming he wasn't already dead.

Now, though-

Baraqiel was halfway out of his chair, crackling with ozone, when the tide of Azazel's power caught him.

Sit. Down.

The wave snuffed out the nascent lightning, reinforced his chair, and slammed him back into it before he could reflexively get himself killed.

Then he turned, as casually as he could.

Golden-blond hair, just a hint of curl.

Eyes like searing light, fractals of blue-green and silver-gold spinning inside of them.

A face that mirrored Gabriel, a little, and a body that was a foot taller, armoured in flawless, thrumming silver.

The same glow, but a thousand times more otherworldly, and every bit as deadly.

"Michael."

The Taxiarch looked back impassively, and Azazel smirked with every bit of confidence he didn't feel.

"Azazel."

That voice haunted his nightmares.

"Didn't know you'd be crashing the party." His smile grew enough to show teeth. "Gabriel should have told me - I'd have worn my Sunday best!"

Why was he here?

This wasn't the Dark Ages - The Prince Of The Heavenly Host didn't make a habit of crossing the pearly gates on the regular.

Because Heaven needed him.

Because he didn't need to.

Because everyone and their Chief God would throw a hissy fit if so much as set a toe across any recognised border.

Pick your poison. Any would fit.

"Your proposal has been heard, and it is rejected."

Of course it was.

"Heaven will commit no support to cleaning up your mess."

The words landed like steel, and Azazel felt something inside him shrivel.

His plans.

His poor, poor plans.

"It's in all our best interests to curb a potential Olympian encroachment-"

"If they do, the matter may be reconsidered. But make no mistake: His Kingdom does not intervene for the Fallen."

Damn it.

Still, he tried.

Carefully.

"And Satanael?"

"Should he act to harm humanity, or move against Heaven, I will descend myself."

Baraqiel twitched.

Azazel couldn't even mock him for it.

That was the last thing most gods wanted to hear - the smart ones, at least.

"That's it, then?"

It was - Michael was already turning away, his presence pulling back like a passing eclipse.

Most people would have stopped there.

Unfortunately, something about that unspoken dismissal…

It rankled.

"For someone who never rejects the idea of peace outright, brother, you never seem willing to commit."

The Taxiarch stopped, and Azazel's wariness' kicked back in with a double shot of vindictive satisfaction.

Point landed.

What?

He wasn't perfect.

And, to prove that, he immediately doubled down and rammed his foot down his throat.

"Shame. Suppose we'll deal with the Greeks on our own if push comes to shove."

He sighed and reached for his wine again.

"You'd think dear old Pops would have lived up to his own hype and not left all these unfairly powerful pagans running around, but I suppose Helel's arrogance had to come from-"

...

And then there was a gauntlet around his throat.

...

Okay, this one's on him.

The table was gone - reduced to atoms - and Gabriel was standing right in front of Baraqiel.

Menacingly.

"Move, and you die."
...

Rough, that.

Azazel was still more concerned with Michael's death grip, and the look he was giving him now.

The fractals in those eyes were falling away, splitting into twisting motes of light and fire.

That gaze alone burned at his skin, and deeper beneath it.

"These negotiations permit you liberties I have otherwise ended armies for."

Even his voice changed.

Still calm and level, but now it also echoed and unfolded in ways that would make an Irish Banshee feel inadequate.

"But have you truly become so glutted on your own rot that you would so freely insult Him in my presence?"

Gee, what do you think?

He chuckled as best he could.

"Would you believe me if I said it just slipped out?

He was the Lord of the Watchers - Being eternally irreverent was pretty much in the job description.

Michael gave him nothing back.

His grip didn't waver, and the pressure rose, until Azazel could feel it grinding against his bones.

Scorching and without end.

The tip of the iceberg, if that.

It still couldn't shut him up.

"Careful there, Mikey."

He never lost his smirk against that ancient, endless focus - even though he had to fight for it.

"Your Wrath is showing."

...

As far as jabs went, it was pathetic.

He hadn't been expecting it to get him much.

Certainly not that smile.

"Azazel."

Michael's lips stretched, and whatever smugness he'd managed to hold on to began to evaporate.

Fast.

"Poor, small, foolish Azazel."

It wasn't humour, or joy.

It wasn't even condescension - it's monstrous older cousin, perhaps.

Merciless.

"You who delights in making noise and rebelling against your own failures with spite and denial."

Azazel's expression grew to show teeth again, but Michael didn't stop.

"Tell me, little Seraphim."

He pulled him closer, until the light of his eyes was inescapable.


[The shapes within expanded into supernovas]


"Have you forgotten who I am?"


Q̵͙̣̏ú̷̯̞ǐ̶̟s̵̝͖̈̈́͝ ̸̧̅̾͑ư̷̞̞t̵̛͚̕ ̵̿́͝ͅD̴̲͋̔ẽ̴̘̋u̴͍͙̐́̏͜s̸̞̔̃͜

̵̨̘̎̄̆
̸̭̜̎́͘W̸͇̰͇̒͝͝Ĥ̵̱̕Ō̷͕͇͝ ̷̼̐̀I̴͙̳̓S̵̙̄͌ ̷̠̂̓̀L̷̰̙̋̓̑Ì̵̩͘ͅK̶̢͎͇̔͂E̶͎̚ ̸̢̛͚̌Ğ̸̠̹̈́̐O̷̡̺͗D̶̠̑?̴̤͇̈̀͜​


"Enough."

Twelve wings unfurled with enough power to split the citadel in half and turn the roof into a shower of supersonic projectiles, and Michael let him go.

Azazel had been point-three seconds away from tearing his way free, even if he had to rip his throat and half his face off to do it.

The silver lining ended there.

His feathers bristled.

His body was coasting on so much energy it could have passed for a pressure cooker waiting to blow.

The worst of it was building deep in the layers of his soul and pooling behind his eyes, and he had a not inconsiderable urge to carve them out and cauterize whatever was left.

Wouldn't be the first time.

Meanwhile, Michael hadn't moved.

He just stood there, completely untouchable.

Son of a-!

In the instant it took him to breathe again, Baraqiel blurred to his side.

Gabriel rejoined Michael.

"I will not hear you besmirch Him again."

A warning, a threat, and a promise, all in one.

Azazel wanted to snarl.

He wanted to tear his throat out with his teeth.

He hated that he couldn't.

They were completely outmatched.

Their Father was dead, but Michael had been His greatest enforcer before he ever Mantled the Throne.

Now the bastard was something else entirely.

That was the only thing keeping the rage from spilling over.

Azazel hadn't survived this long by picking unwinnable fights.

He settled for a wry shrug.

"I'd apologize, but there's no point, is there? Can't help my nature."

There.

That should have been it.

Michael had other ideas.

"Another lie."

Not even going to let him have the last word?

Typical.

He was going to get poisonously drunk the second he was back in his lab.

"I was there when you came into being. When He shaped you from Grace and Light and Purpose, just as all the rest our kin."

Michael's gaze locked on him, Gabriel's mirroring it to his right.

His golden brother and sister, forever united in their scorn.

"The greatest tragedy of your existence, Azazel, is that you were not born a pitiful disappointment."

They turned away.

"You simply chose to be one."​

...

And then they were gone, with only light and silence in their wake.

...

...

...

"Baraqiel."

"Your orders?"

"We're rescheduling the meeting with Serafall."

"The devils won't like that."

He waved him off.

"Sent them a fruit basket - and then tell Penemue to work the Chiron situation. Find out what the hell else is going on there."

Because he'd eat a Twice Critical and go for seconds before he ever bought that this hornets nest had been kicked over some unnamed guest.

"Understood."

"Good. Now scram."

Ordinarily, Baraqiel would have had something to say to his tone.

His old friend was also smarter than many gave him credit for, so he knew full well when to push - and when not to.

The sound of a thunderbolt carried him away, and Azazel was left alone.

...

Satanael...

He'd have to deal with that himself.

...

The Olympians too.

Michael might intervene - something could have lured him from Heaven - or he might not.

Either way, Azazel had to plan for the worst.

...

Then the vague promise of Peace.

...

The light in Michael's eyes taunted him.

...

You simply chose to be one.

...

He took a deep breath.

...

He shook out his wings.

...

He counted back from ten in his head.

...

Then he soared into the air, stretched his wings, and razed the isle from the face of the Earth, before rocketing off to find something to tear apart.

Preferably alive.

And screaming.

He had some baggage to work through.

...​

Chiron, cheerfully strolling through Fallen facilities while thinking about his next cup of tea and leaving only the most innocent survivors in his wake:

fujinvfx-jujutsu-kaisen.gif

Sairaorg, on his way to beat Dan's ass for raiding his snacks and having the wildest fucking day of his life without him:

gojo-satoru.gif

The universe, fate, and possibly the Fates once Dan displays just an iota of potential emotional intelligence.

Just the barest glimpse:

oh-god-wtf.gif

Michael successfully ragebaiting Azazel and peacing out:

ragebait-rage.gif

Meanwhile, Gabriel to Baraqiel the whole time:

cat-stare-dog-cat-scared-dog.gif

As always leave your comments and ideas and if you don't like it, please be courteous.
Last edited: Jul 19, 2026
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Azrael4890, Nitsua22 and 928 others
Firewillreign
Jun 9, 2026
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Extra Canon Interlude/Sidestory: A Shifting Of Gears
View content
Firewillreign
Firewillreign
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 26, 2023
Messages888
Likes received82,880
Jun 27, 2026
Add bookmark
#12,417
peeking-david-tennant.gif

So…

Alright, you got me.

One last interlude chapter, but this one is more of a sidestory because of how far it is from the main show (while still existing because of the massive ripples Dan and Sai have kicked off on the other end of the world, and this is basically just a preview.)

So, important enough to get a threadmark, with some huge developments within it, but don't expect what happens here to hit the main chapters any time soon.

Also, of the two OC's with important roles in this chapter, one of them has sort of a tie-in that was set up way, way back in the story. Curious to see how many of you spot it, since there've been a number of little Easter eggs in the last chapter too that were seemingly missed XD.

joker-the-dark-knight.gif


The Parents:

It was a beautiful morning on Fujimi Street, Kuoh Town, Tokyo.

The sun was out, the birds were singing, and it was a Saturday, which meant the neighbourhood was wonderfully peaceful.

Just a nice, quiet weekend morning.

Gorou Hyoudou sat at the breakfast table, leaning back comfortably in his favourite chair and humming under his breath as he worked his way through the morning paper.


His lovely wife was already hard at work, roving through the kitchen and getting a head start on lunch.

Buta no Kakuni

Thick cubes of pork belly braised until they practically melted apart under a spoon, simmered low and slow alongside daikon radish until the whole thing became perfection incarnate.

The smell alone was enough to make a grown man cry.

Gorou lowered his newspaper and inhaled deeply.

"This is the life."

Miki laughed from the kitchen.

"You're hopeless."

"Only for you, honey."

She waved the wooden spoon at him.

"Don't try that with me, you shameless playboy. Flattery won't get you extra servings!"

Eh, worth a shot.

He shrugged and went back to Kobo-chan in the paper's comic strip.

Their son, on the other hand, had already finished breakfast.

Rice bowl cleared, grilled fish gone, and miso soup vanished off without a trace.

Good - growing boys need their strength.

He hadn't touched his natto, though.

Issei avoided the beans like the plague, and now they sat there in lonely, fermented isolation.

Heresy.

The second his son disappeared upstairs to grab whatever the children needed before leaving the house, Gorou calmly reached across the table and claimed the abandoned portion for himself.

His foolish progeny's loss was his gain.

Half a minute later, Issei came thundering back down the stairs.

"I'm going to the park! My friends are already waiting!"

"Be careful!" Miki called after him from the kitchen.

"I will!"

"Watch the street when you're crossing!"

"I know!"

"And have fun!"

"Heck yeah!"

She laughed and waved him off. "Go!"

He was already halfway across the yard before the front door slammed shut, aaaaannnd his shoelace had been untied.

Gorou snorted and turned another page.

"Think he's figured little Irina out yet?"

He heard Miki sigh, which was answer enough.

Look, Gorou loved his boy, he really did - more than anything.

He was their little miracle, and he had enough heart to outpace a sports car.

Still…

Issei could be about as oblivious as they came.

'Ri-kun' didn't seem to have corrected the misunderstanding at any point since it began - for some unfathomable reason - but how his son still hadn't realized that his friend wasn't a boy...

Ah, well.

He'd get there eventually.

Gorou and Miki were only praying they'd be there when it happened, with a camera to boot.

It would be hilarious.

Moving on...

The skies were bright, lunch was on the way, and everyone was happy.

All in all?

It was quickly shaping up to be a good day in the Hyoudou household.

...

That's when the doorbell rang.

Gorou blinked and lowered his newspaper slightly.

"Are we expecting anyone?"

Miki looked just as surprised as she wiped her hands on a kitchen towel.

"No?"

If Issei had somehow forgotten something and come back already, the entire neighbourhood would know about it - the tyke would have rung the doorbell twenty times in a row and kicked the front door for good measure.

So who?

The doorbell rang again.

Gorou exchanged a look with his wife.

"I'll get it."

She turned off the heat and patted her hands dry as she walked through the hall.

Gorou heard the sound of the door opening fully.

Then voices.

One he didn't recognise.

Curious now, he folded up the newspaper and followed after her.

By the time he reached the genkan, Miki was already standing just inside the doorway - and outside stood a man.

At the genkan stood a tall man in a sharp suit, easily over six feet, with sun-tanned skin and dark, curly hair.

He gave a small, respectful bow of his head as Miki looked him over.

A foreigner?

Beside him was a woman with as just as neat a look to her - blouse, glasses, and hair tied back in a low pony-tail.

Miki glanced back at Gorou, surprised, and the man straightened slightly.

"Mr. Hyoudou, I presume?"

Flawless Japanese

"That's me, yes."

The look in those muted grey-blue eyes wasn't intimidating or even impolite, but it made Gorou mimic him and stand taller as well.

"My name is Hector Lyte."

He gestured lightly to the woman beside him, who nodded as well.

"And this is my associate, Katerina Papadopoulos."

She smiled lightly. "Good morning."

This Hector fellow turned back to them with an easy smile.

"Might we have a moment of your time?"


...

Ten Minutes Later:

"I'm sorry, what?"

Miki sounded floored, jaw-dropping, and Gorou couldn't blame her for it.

Right then, he felt about the same.

Across from them, on the living room couch where they'd just been invited, Hector and Katerina sat.

Katerina looked sympathetic, and Hector lowered his teacup with a soft clink.

"I can see that this is quite a bit to digest, so shall I begin from the start, for expediency's sake?"

Gorou and Miki nodded slowly.

"From the top, then."

Hector leaned back into the cushions like he was settling in for a ride.

"The Silver Crescent Group is a Greek private holding company based in Heraklion. Mostly long-term investments - real estate, shipping, infrastructure, and the like. There are also a few charitable foundations tied to cultural preservation across Europe and the Mediterranean-"

He paused, thinking it over for a moment.

"Well… suffice it to say the company has a fairly expansive portfolio. We can leave it at that for now."

He shifted his gaze between them.

"I sit on the board of the SCG. Katerina here is present in her capacity as legal counsel."

Which... sounded impressive enough, Gorou supposed.

And also completely out of left field.

Where was this going?

Then Hector's eyes locked on Miki specifically.

"Your uncle - Mr. Takahiro Saitō - was one of our major shareholders."

Gorou turned to stare at his wife right away.

She still looked absolutely gobsmacked.

"I don't-"

"As I understand it, he was estranged from your family," Hector said, tone gentle and leading. "A falling out in the past?"

Miki blinked once, then twice, before her eyes clouded in thought - like she was trying to reach for a memory just barely out of reach.

They all waited patiently.

"Ah… yes."

Yes?

"Uncle Taka?"

Hector nodded firmly.

"That's the one."

"I haven't seen him since I was a little girl," his wife whispered quietly. "He didn't get along with my grandparents. They fought over and over again. There was this horrible row..."

She shook her head.

"It was the last one. He sold his house and left the country when I was ten, and no one ever heard from him again."

Hector and Katerina exchanged a quick look.

"That matches what we have, yes."

"He went to Greece?"

The man nodded easily.

"In the early seventies, yes. He made some good investments early on, got involved with what eventually became the Silver Crescent Group, and built up quite a fortune over the years. A sizeable shareholding as well."

Miki stared at him for a moment, still surprised, before breaking into a small, genuine smile.

"Good for him. I'm glad he did so well for himself."

And that, right there, was one of the many reasons Gorou loved his wife.

Completely genuine.

Miki had lost her parents when she was young. Her grandparents had stepped up and raised her after that, but it hadn't exactly been easy.

Money had been tight more than once.

Having some mysterious rich uncle around to lend a hand would have helped plenty.

And yet... here she was, happy that he'd gone out into the world and made something of himself.

That's my girl!

But the internal victory lap didn't last.

Hector and Katerina were both quiet for another moment afterwards, and the air between them all changed.

Something was up.

Gorou's brow furrowed, but the foreign businessman leaned forward and braced his hands against his knees before he could get a word out.

"Regrettably," he said, "I have to inform you that he recently passed away."

Oh.

Oh.

Of all the rotten-

Miki let out a small sound, and Gorou's hand darted out to clasp hers.

To hear about this like this, after all this time...

He shook his head.

"Illness," Hector explained solemnly. "He was looked after properly. It was peaceful in the end."

"That's awful."

"Death takes us all when it will, Mrs. Hyoudou. A good life before the end is all any of us can really hope for."

Wise words.

Weighty and respectful, too, and so was the moment of silence after them.

But...

There was something about the way the man had voiced them that Gorou couldn't quite put his finger on.

Some strange oddity that made them feel just a little heavier.

The thought was derailed before he could do much of anything with it - Katerina adjusted the briefcase on her lap and set it on the table, and they all reflexively followed the motion.

"Please accept our sincere condolences for your loss. With that said, however-"

Hector didn't straighten, but it felt like he did.

"There is still the matter of your uncle's estate."

…

"…What?"

"Katerina, if you would."

"Right."

The woman nodded on cue, and both of the Hyoudous' eyes snapped over to her.

"As he had no direct heirs, Mr. Saitō left everything to his closest living relative."

The briefcase clicked open smoothly.

"That's you, Mrs. Hyoudou."

"..."

...Well then.

That, he hadn't seen coming.

"Excuse me?"

Katerina dutifully repeated the words, and Gorou watched his wife's mouth fall open again.

"But why?"

"I couldn't say." The lawyer shook her head apologetically. "I imagine he wanted it to stay in the family."

"Fam- I hardly knew him!"

She looked from Katerina to Hector and back to Katerina again.

"I forgot he even existed until just now!"

Which, admittedly, sounded… mildly terrible, but the man had apparently up and vanished just as she hit the double digits, entirely by choice.

Not so much as a letter or a phone call in well over thirty years.

Miki could hardly be blamed for that.

Their guests didn't seem to have much in the way of judgment, either.

"Blood is still blood, even a world and a lifetime away. That's the best answer I can give you, Mrs. Hyoudou."

Which was…

Unsatisfying, maybe - Miki still looked so uncertain - but not exactly unpleasant.

And not the point, either.

Katerina drew out a sheaf of papers half as thick as Gorou's wrist before clearing her throat.

"Now, we have a few things to go over here..."

A few things, as it turned out, read like an attempt to get back at the world for the invention of written language.

There were forms.

Then there were forms explaining the other forms.

Then there were forms acknowledging that those forms had, in fact, been properly explained.

And that was just to begin with.

"As for the estate itself…" Katerina said, checking a page, "There's cash, properties, investments, shares in the SCG itself, of course…"

She just kept going.

By the end of it, Gorou was starting to suspect his uncle-in-law had been the sort of man people made documentaries about.

One of those wild, one-in-a-million success stories everyone liked to pretend could be them someday… or the sort of news special that ended with mugshots and a very serious narrator saying 'authorities are still investigating the source of his initial capital.'

Either way…

This should not belong to a single human being.

His wife clearly agreed.

Gorou glanced at her again.

…Or maybe not, actually.

From the looks of it, the light of his life was still a good ten minutes behind and actively losing steam.

They'd probably lost her somewhere around the second set of forms.

She accepted the final stack of documents automatically when they were slid across the table, expression dazed, and Katerina straightened the remaining paperwork.

"Past this, there's one more matter I think it would be best to get ahead of now."

That got Miki to snap back to the present.

"What now?"

The flash of genuine panic in her eyes was entirely fair, all things considered.

Gorou was halfway there himself.

At least Katerina seemed to notice, because her expression softened slightly.

"I understand that this must all be very sudden and overwhelming for you, and I sincerely apologize for that. However-"

She stressed the word just enough to make him immediately suspicious.

"I am also obligated to inform you that this is a conditional bequest."

"Conditional…?"

Katerina nodded, and Gorou's eyes narrowed.

That sounded ominous.

"The inheritance cannot be claimed in full until the stated conditions have been fulfilled."

She glanced over another page, and he took the chance to raise his cup and go for a bracing sip.

"Just the one, really."

More ominous!

Miki perked up hopefully, though.

"The beneficiary must take up primary residence in any one of three designated properties for a minimum period of three consecutive years."

Gorou choked on his tea.

Katerina gamely pretended not to see it, or the way his wife slowly slumped back against the couch seat, suddenly looking more than a little faint.

"On that note… How do you feel about Greece?"

…

Later:

There were more questions after that.

A lot more.

But it didn't take long for them to piece together the gist of it all.

Apparently, Miki's mysterious Uncle Taka had been many things.

Successful.

Rich.

Important, at least wherever it was he'd settled.

He'd also been a bit - or maybe more than a bit - of a control freak.

Not that Gorou would ever say it aloud, mind you.

The man was dead.

But...

The intent behind it all was supposedly very clear, according to Katerina.

'Mr. Saitō' wanted whoever inherited his estate to actually experience the life he'd built.

Walk the same streets, live in the same home, and see the world the way he had.

Follow in his footsteps, at least a little, and see just how much he'd achieved all on his own.

Honestly?

Gorou could respect that.

Absolutely he could - The old man had spent decades building a life overseas and wanted the next generation to understand what it meant.

Fair enough.

Perfectly reasonable, even.

There was something oddly romantic about it, and even Miki had been charmed by the thought once the first bout of panic wore off.

Read: 'First'

The problem was that her Uncle Taka's sentimentality clearly dried up and withered away right about there, because there was also a deadline.

Six months.

Six. Months.

To move countries, or else the inheritance went kaput.

People needed six months to decide on a new refrigerator.

Gorou needed six months to decide on a new refrigerator, and even that wasn't a sure thing.

The one in the garage had been making dangerous noises for almost a year now and he still hadn't gotten around to replacing it.

That kind of time to relocate their entire lives?

"I'm sorry, but this is ridiculous."

Their guests didn't argue the point.

"There is a reason we chose to come in person."

Hector folded his hands together as he made his voice heard again.

"The delay is unfortunate."

Miki frowned.

"Delay?"

"The will should have been processed months ago."

There was an edge of picture-perfect irritation under that polite expression.

"Unfortunately, there were disputes regarding several international holdings, tax assessments, and jurisdictional matters. Matters which required resolution before the estate could proceed properly."

So... Lawyers had discovered other lawyers, and they didn't get along.

What a twist.

"The deadline itself was Mr. Saitō's," Hector continued. "Not ours. Had matters progressed as intended, you would have had considerably more time."

That did sound more reasonable, if entirely unhelpful.

"Regardless," Hector said, "the situation remains what it is. The Silver Crescent Group would prefer the transfer of Mr. Saitō's holdings to occur as smoothly as possible."

Gorou and Miki exchanged a look.

"What does that mean?"

"Mr. Saitō remained one of our largest individual shareholders until his passing. It is in everyone's interests that ownership is properly accounted for."

Ah.

That made... a lot of sense, actually.

If somebody owned enough of a company to make executives fly halfway around the world personally, it was probably worth keeping track of.

Though thinking about it in that sense did nothing to make this conversation less daunting, and it hadn't been a walk in the park to begin with.

"The Board has therefore authorised me to make an offer."

They exchanged another look.

"If you choose to relocate, the Silver Crescent Group will provide any assistance required."

Miki opened her mouth, and closed it again.

"Assistance?"

"Relocation expenses. Shipping. Legal support. Residency applications. Language assistance if desired."

He rattled them off one by one, like he was reading off a list.

"Property management. Educational placement for your son-"

That... had they mentioned Issei-?

"-Temporary accommodation if necessary, and more within reason."

Gorou's mind caught on that 'more.'

"Employment?"

"Should either of you require assistance securing positions after relocation, we would be happy to help facilitate introductions within your relevant fields, if not within the SCG itself."

He gave them a winning - but still restrained - smile.

"We're always looking for new talent, after all. Katerina here can attest to that."

The lawyer shot him a dry look, but her lips twitched anyway.

"He's not wrong. The hours are long, but the vacation days are generous, and the dental plan is to die for."

Miki snorted - more bewildered than anything else - and some of the tension deflated.

The rest of them cracked smiles, but Gorou...

How to put this?

He liked to think he wasn't a cynical guy - a man was never fully dressed without a smile and a good attitude in the morning - but everything about this situation sounded fantastical and perfect.

Too perfect.

"Why?"

Even for a big corporation, there had to be a line somewhere.

Why go through all the trouble?

Hector seemed to understand the question, and he smiled lightly.

"Due to unforeseen circumstances beyond your control, you are being asked to uproot your lives and move across the world."

True.

"The least we can do is ensure the process is not unnecessarily painful."

Which sounded great and all, but-

"And," Hector added airily. "In the effort of full disclosure, the complete distribution of Mr. Saitō's estate helps us even more than it helps the Hyoudou family. A small investment to move things along is nothing in the grand scheme."

This time, Gorou blinked.

When he put it that way....

The conversation wound down shortly after that..

There were final questions - about three dozen of them.

One last round of tea and several business cards for safety's sake.

Eventually, the pair rose from the couch and offered them polite bows.

"We appreciate your time."

"We'll need to discuss this," Miki admitted.

"Of course. We'll be staying in Kuoh for another month, subject to change. Please don't hesitate to call on us with any more questions or concerns."

No pressure.

A few minutes later, the front door closed behind them.

Gorou stood in the hallway for a moment before letting out a long breath.

"Huh."

Miki nodded weakly.

"Huh."

They looked at each other, before simultaneously glancing back towards the mountain of paperwork living it up on their coffee table.

His wife squinted suspiciously.

"I swear it grew three inches when we weren't looking."

"Of course it did."

She raised a brow at him.

"Honey, every man who's ever worked a desk job knows the golden rule."

"Don't yell at your boss?"

"Close," he admitted. "Never turn your back on the paperwork. That's what it wants you to do."

"Eh?"

"You work your way through it. You get close to the bottom of the pile. You think you're nearly done, and it lulls you into a false sense of security."

He looked at her with haunted eyes - a veteran of a thousand sleepless nights.

"When you look away, it multiplies. It breeds. Always and forever."

Cut off one head, and two more would spring out to drag you into overtime.

The horror.

He shuddered.

"Gorou…"

"I'm serious!"

His poor, naive wife shook her head at his invaluable wisdom - but he also saw her swallow a smile, so not all was lost in the end.

That didn't mean her nerves had settled, though.

"What are we going to do?"

"Move, obviously."

He said it so casually it took her brain a solid five seconds to process the words.

Three, two, one, and-

"What?!"

-Jackpot!

She whirled on him so fast she nearly tripped the other way.

"It's your inheritance." He shrugged off her incredulous stare with a grin. "What else are we going to do?"

"We can't just go-"

"Why not?"

The audacity of the question seemed to stun her, but only for a breath.

"Your parents-"

"Will be fine."

Thrilled, even, considering the circumstances.

"We can visit whenever we like - that's what holidays are for."

"Your job-"

"Just because 'not yelling at your boss' isn't the golden rule," he said very, very seriously, "doesn't mean I don't have to resist the urge."

Going out with a screaming match would be the highlight of his career, consequences be damned.

She seemed stumped for a second, but she still rallied for another go.

"The house-"

"Will keep. It's a house, honey, not a wooden shack."

It was only a few years, anyway.

"Worst comes to worst, we could always sell it." He paused, pretending to think about it now. "Or, if you want to go out with a bang, I'm pretty sure we have some lighter fluid and a box of matches somewhere-"

"Gorou!"

"Think of the insurance money, Miki!"

"We don't have that kind of insurance plan!"

"Well, thanks to all this, we don't need one anyway!" He stretched his arms and his grin wide. "Win-win!"

She looked at him like he'd lost his mind.

He looked back and unrepentantly owned the fact.

...

""Pffft-""

And just like that, they were both laughing. Gorou wrapped an arm around her shoulders, pulling her in close against his side.

It took a good little while for her to get it out of her system and slump against him.

"Better?"

She hummed against his chest

"Mhm."

He smiled and rested his cheek against the top of her head.

Perfect.

Now they could actually talk this through.

Jokes aside, he wasn't all that keen to just up and leave everything he'd ever known - even if he'd only been half-joking with that whole "stick it to the boss" routine.

The house... their life here…

Goodness, the memories.

All of the above, and then some.

The Hyoudous had a good thing going in Kuoh.

But - because it bore repeating - this was Miki's inheritance, and Issei's after hers.

Depriving them of that?

Gorou just didn't have it in him.

And hey-

"I've always wanted a Mediterranean vacation," he murmured to her soothingly, pulling her a little closer. "This is just that with a few extra steps."

"…Me too."

See?

They'd be just fine.

…

…Right after they figured out what to tell Issei when they made their choice.

Oh no.

Miki realized it right as he did.

"Not it!"

"Not - damn it!"

…
​
The Old Hunter:

Two months later - or thereabouts - the man known in this current age as 'Hector Lyte' watched the moving team haul boxes from the house.

He stood alone on the opposite sidewalk, hands in his pockets, completely obscured from ordinary mortal perception by a minor, tightly woven ward.

Across the asphalt, the Hyoudou household was a hive of activity. He could see the couple themselves gesturing animatedly through the window, directing the movers where to haul this and move that, but those specifics mattered little and less to him.

He didn't care about their interior decorating choices - the fact that they were moving at all was enough.

The mission was already halfway complete.

And to think they'd managed it without any heavy-handed tactics…

That was the trick of it.

Takahiro Saito had existed, and he had left Japan decades ago - they'd checked - but the man had died in an entirely mundane backpacking incident in Northern Europe years ago, and he hadn't been half so successful as implied.

Or affiliated with the SCG at all, for that matter, be it in its mundane operations or on the other end of the Masquerade.

Yet he needed to be, and thus he was, and so the Hyoudou's were unknowingly reeled in.

Hector sighed deeply.

As far as plots go, it was elaborate, convoluted and dishonest to the point of ridiculousness, but it was better than outright mental compulsion.

That had its inevitable uses, unfortunately, but considering the power dwelling in the family's child…

He shook his head.

Best not give a Longinus wielder a reason for future spite and vengefulness if they could avoid it.

The carrot served better than the stick here, even if said vegetable was near-entirely counterfeit.

And speaking of which…

Hector tilted his head to the side and stepped back, just in time for little Issei Hyoudou to come sprinting by, hollering at the top of his voice.

A moment later, an orange-haired blur darted after him, and neither of the children perceived him at all.

As expected.

He was aware of the girl, of course - the daughter of one of the locally stationed biblical exorcists.

Clearly untrained, unremarkable, and debatably informed about the wider supernatural world as it is.

A non-issue.

Her father was a bigger concern, but between him, his half-dozen associates, the assortment of stray yōkai and creatures of the night that drifted through the region, and the devil noble overseeing Kuoh's territory, the unassumingly small town was fit to burst with potential security risks.

He had worked around all of them without issue.

If a child barely into her double digits could sense his presence where the rest hadn't, then something had already gone very, very wrong.

"There you are."

He tilted his head back as Katerina jogged up to him in a pair of jeans, a jacket, and sturdy boots in a style reminiscent of a certain goddess they both worshiped.

And wasn't that an odd thing to think about - he still remembered the era where tiered flounced skirts and open-front bodices were the height of womanly fashion

The Bronze Age had been an experience.

"Problem?"

"Nothing I couldn't handle."

She came to a stop beside him and followed his gaze out toward the park.

Hidden from prying eyes, the two watched the children play in the distance.

"I'm going to need more than that for an answer, Katerina."

She rolled her eyes at him.

"It was nothing, Mr. Lyte - and gods that's a silly nickname."

'Hector' was unimpressed, and she surrendered after a look.

"The boy was playing with some friends over at the park. There was an old man there."

Her expression darkened into a scowl.

"Rotten old creep, really. Spewing stuff kids have no business being exposed to. I roughed him up a little and flagged down a policeman to handle the rest. Problem solved - and I did it before he could traumatize Mr. Future Red Dragon Emperor over there." She nodded in Issei's direction. "Aren't I a saint?"

"You're a Huntress."

"You know what I mean!"

He did, and he turned away before she could see him smirk.

Young talent. Always so easy to rile up.

"I will trust your judgement. Your thoughts on your charge?"

"He's a good boy," she answered without hesitation. "Very bright, super outgoing, and damn loud, too."

He nodded, tracking her gaze.

"Also, definitely a bit spoiled," she added.

He raised a brow.

"Nothing terrible," she explained quickly, "but look at the little tyke and tell me he isn't the apple of his parents' eye. They'd let him get away with just about anything short of burning their house down."

Yes, he'd gotten that impression as well.

It was nothing a firmer hand couldn't settle, should circumstances call for it in due time.

That said...

"You would know, wouldn't you?"

She immediately turned her nose up at him. "I have no idea what you're talking about."

"I'm sure."

Her sister, Elena, had left the Hunt some time ago and had since had children of her own. Katerina utterly delighted in playing the 'cool aunt' whenever she wasn't attending to her duties with the rest of the Hunters.

If Elena didn't actively put her foot down, Katerina would happily ply them with presents and indulge their every whim the first chance she got.

She still tried anyway, and Elena's rants on the matter were always inspired.

"Now, what else-?"

An electronic chime cut him off, and he reached into his suit pocket and pulled out a sleek cell phone in the same breath.

Katerina watched him closely, but his expression went entirely impassive as he scanned the text.

The look on her face sharpened in turn, and above them, the afternoon sky was quietly bruising into a heavy, leaden grey.

"Something wrong?"

"Nothing we need to concern ourselves with now." His eyes traced the words carefully. "But it seems Lord Chiron's rampage against the Grigori some time back was the gift that just keeps on giving."

He knew why, of course:

A demigod born on this day and age, and a son of Apollon at that.

How serendipitous.

But whatever circumstances had led to that same young man being attacked under the Wise Centaur's protection …

Well, the results were a thing unto themselves.

The Fallen Angels had been made to bleed for the insult, but it was their own sheer malice and stupidity that made the immediate aftermath so catastrophic for them.

Lord Chiron had retaliated - and emptied their cages on his way out.

And what cages they were.

Prisoners and test subjects and everything in between, belonging to any number of supernatural species high and low.

More than a few of them, were under the aegis of much greater factions - which was political disaster enough - but for the Crows, this latest debacle struck much closer to home.

"It's come to light that certain rogue and fringe elements within the biblical Church have been caught experimenting on their famed Holy Factor."

"The stuff that gives their elite exorcists that extra edge?"

He nodded shortly.

"Their goal was to find a way to harness and synthesize it within chosen candidates, rather than just relying on natural inheritance or base luck to find potential wielders for their holy arms."

Katerina blinked in surprise, but his focus had already drifted back to the phone and the details therein.

From a purely practical standpoint, it was a sensible goal.

A strong Holy Factor ensured a certain degree of promise. It made wielding particular Church-issued weaponry easier, and greatly improved a candidate's chances of eventually attuning to some of the more powerful relics in the Church's possession.

On paper.

Trying to artificially increase the number of prospective warriors under their command made perfect strategic sense.

The problem was how they went about doing it.

"Some of these rogue actors collaborated with the Grigori, outsourcing elements of their 'research'."

The word echoed unpleasantly.

"To hide it from their high command. Their contacts were apparently only too happy to assist in human experimentation - up to and including on children."

Katerina reared back as if struck, a vicious string of curses slipping past her lips.

"Bastards."


Quite.

Granted, the conspiracy seemed to center around one major player - an Archbishop by the name of Valper Galilei - but he certainly hadn't lacked help among his more monstrous peers.

They had wanted plausible deniability, but what was that saying again?

About their Lord working in mysterious ways?

Whatever the irony of it all, Vasco Strada himself had reportedly descended upon the Vatican to drag the man and everyone remotely connected to him to justice.

Fitting.

Even before he'd sworn himself to his goddess, he could never stand the mistreatment of children.

Call it the prerogative of a prince.

The few stray droplets began to fall and speckle the dark asphalt, and he slid the phone back into his pocket.

"As I said. Distasteful in the extreme, but nothing we need-"

The power in the air warped.​

Both of their heads snapped south as the first distant explosion rumbled across the edge of Kuoh.

...​

The Exorcist Who Fell In Love:

By the time everything was nearly said and done, the rain over the outskirts of town had turned the dirt around them into a thick, crimson-tainted mud.

Masaomi Yaegaki staggered heavily against a shattered stone lantern, his breath coming in ragged, wet wheezes.

His ears rang and his vision swam. His skull pounded.

Even breathing was hell.

Across the courtyard were the bodies of half a dozen high-ranking Exorcists - people he'd know and trained with, fought alongside, and now…

He swallowed, and it hurt.

His uniform was shredded to ribbons, and a jagged, deep gash tore across his ribs, leaking enough blood to make him lightheaded, and the rain couldn't wash it away fast enough.

The jagged piece of shrapnel from a sword he could barely remember breaking was worse, rammed deep into his left shoulder from the force of the blast and making his vision go white from pain every time he twitched the arm.

The grip he still had on his sword was pathetic, and the holy light around the steel was flickering dangerously, on the edge of giving out.

Just like he was.

"Masaomi."

God damn it all.

Touji Shidou was still there, standing twenty paces off and hefting that ridiculous family blade of his against one shoulder.

Ridiculous orange hair and mournful eyes and all.

Even through the rain, the solemn sadness and grief was pouring off of him like tide.

As if all regret in the world was supposed to make killing him better.

"Enough, Masaomi."

Son of a-

"They're using you, Sensei," He choked out, spitting a mouthful of thick blood onto the wet stones.

He could say that the brutal agony paled in front of the betrayal - something poetic about how the man who had taught him how to hold a sword was standing between him and the only thing that mattered, trying to end him - but right then, they were about even.

"You betrayed the path of God," Touji said, and his voice was calm and flat.

Like a judge passing sentence.

Masaomi saw red.

"I didn't!" he roared, and his one voice cracked with the sheer… everything. "Are you even listening to yourself right now!?"

He forced himself upright, his legs shaking violently under their own weight, more blood dripping from his fingertips and down into the mud.

I just need a chance.

Touji shook his head.

"You allowed that Devil to seduce you, and you sold out Church secrets-"

"I'm an upstart, first-generation Holy Sword wielder who thinks half the current Cardinals can go pound sand!" His scream was beyond hysterical now, and it was only halfway because of the pain. "What secrets do I know?!"

Facts didn't matter anymore - he knew that - but how could Sensei be so damned stupid?

The higher-ups just needed an excuse to kill him.

To kill Cleria.

And they couldn't even be bothered to come up with something that made sense.

What a pitiful joke.

"You have to believe me."

And the worst part?

He almost got through to him.

Touji's grip on his massive hilt didn't loosen, but Masaomi could see his eyes flicker - just a little - and his stance hesitated.

It was the only invitation he needed.

Now.

Drowning out the agony in his ribs, Masaomi poured the absolute remainder of his energy into his blade, and Touji tensed.

"Don't-!"

With a savage, upward rip, he unleashed a blinding arc of pure light directly at his face. The crescent of gold screamed through the rain, bursting towards the man like a thunderclap.

Touji snapped out of the hesitation instantly, ducking low as it sheared a few strands of his hair and detonated against the shrine gate behind him.

His sword came up then, pulsing and ready to counter the next one-

But Masaomi was already gone.

He tore past Touji's left flank in a streak of mud and filth and blood, hurtling across the courtyard and toward the tree line so fast he could almost feel something inside of him give away.

Many somethings, maybe.

It didn't matter.

Cleria.

They'd ambush her too.

He had to get to her, now.

"Masaomi!"

His sensei could always recover with terrifying speed.

Too fast.

He could hear him thundering behind him, closing the distance with monstrous speed.

No, no, no!

His lungs burned like wildfire, and every step sent white-hot knives from his mangled ribs up to his punctured shoulder.

Masaomi couldn't outrun him.

Not like this.

Spinning on his heel mid-sprint, he used his momentum to throw every last ounce of strength he had left into a desperate, two-handed overhead strike. His Holy Sword flared with a brilliant, dying burst of golden fury-

CRACK!

Touji met the blow with a brutal, single-handed parry. The shockwave rattled every atom in Masaomi's ruined body and nearly tore the sword from his grip. He snarled savagely and tried to slash from the side, but Touji planted a heavy kick straight to his chest, sending him skidding backward through the mud until he crashed into the root of a massive cedar tree.

And there go the rest of the ribs.

The thought was delirious, muted by the second mouthful of blood he spat out as he staggered to his feet. It was an ugly sort of movement - so unstable that he had to use his flickering sword as a crutch just to force his protesting muscles to move.

"I have to... save her..." he whispered hoarsely.

But he could barely lift his head.

"It's over for both of you, Masaomi." Touji shook his head quietly and hefted his sword, looking resolute. "Please, lay down your sword and let it end."

…

That…

…

He…!!!!

…

It was the pity in the words that set him off again, and pure rage howled through his veins and tore out of him with a deafening scream.

"LIKE HELL!"

Masaomi erupted off the tree with enough force to detonate it and the forest floor behind him, hurling himself forward and taking a wild - desperate - slash at Touji's neck.

Have it your way, sensei - to the death!

For a split second, it even looked like it might land.

But his teacher knew his every move - he'd taught him most of them himself.

Forgetting that was his deadliest mistake to date.

Touji ducked beneath the arc of the blade, stepping inside his guard.

The lethal closeness allowed Masaomi to see the genuine tear tracking down his master's face just before the impact.

No-!

The massive blade drove forward, a clean, devastating thrust that punched straight through his stomach in a shower of spraying gore.

…

…

…

Oh.

…

…

…

Thunder burst against the sky.

…

…

…

The rage vanished. The pain dulled.

The desperate adrenaline that had kept him moving crumbled away like so much dust.

…

…

…

The golden glow of his standard Holy Sword shattered like glass, the fragments dissolving into the rain as the hilt slipped from his fingers.

He barely heard it land against the mud.

…

…

…

When Masaomi blinked, he'd joined it on back, staring up at the raging heavens with this… awful confusion.

Slow and heavy and impossible to escape.

It was the only thing he could really feel as his strength faded, and the darkness began to creep over the edges of his vision.

It can't end like this.

…

…

…

It can't.

…

…

…

"Rest, my student."

Touji Sensei was still there - this vague outline of a shape standing over him to the right, head bowed.

His voice was low and pitiful, and maybe, if Masaomi had any life left in him - if he wasn't actively losing what he had to his name right then and there - he could have taken some spiteful satisfaction in that."

But there was nothing.

Confusion and despair and failure he'd never make up for if he had a thousand lifetimes to try.

"May God forgive you - and myself - for all our sin- Hurk!"

He choked.


At first, Masaomo didn't understand what he was looking at. His eyes were swimming, and the world was sickening blue of grey rain and creep in black

But then a neuron or three fired, and he registered the second outline.

A bigger, fainter shape standing directly behind his sensei.

The same one that had reached out and clamped a hand around the other swordman's throat, and hoisted him completely off the ground by his neck with effortless power.

…

What?

…

Touji's legs kicked out wildly as Masaomi stared, but he might as well have been a fly raging against a mountain for all the good it did.

"When you've walked this Earth as long as I have, you tend to develop patience and a level head by sheer necessity,"

The stranger's voice was as flat as a sheet of paper… and somehow still full of cold, cold anger.

"But if there's one thing that still drives me to a youthful rage… it is betrayal."

Thunder snapped across the clouds again.

The flash lit up the woods for half a heartbeat and twisted the shadows into something monstrous, but the sound of it wasn't nearly loud enough to drown out Sensei's strangled scream.

Schrriiiip!

The wet, jagged crunch of something violently tearing and breaking cut it short. Something heavy landed in the mud a second later, too far away for Masaomi's fading vision to make out.


…

Silence.

…

He blinked, and now the stranger was staring down at him.

"Now... what to do with you?"

Masaomi didn't understand what was happening. He didn't understand anything anymore.

Death was right around the corner, and it was swallowing everything he had to give.

But even as the lights were going out, he still knew what was important.

The only thing that mattered.

"Cleria…"

It was so low and so weak, it was barely a vibration against his lips.

"Cleria Belial?" The words were truly empty now, impossible to read. "The Devil overseer of this region?"

Masaomi managed to nod.

Once.

A newborn could have done it better, but it was just about all he had left in him.

"If you're not with them… if you're not here to kill… save her," he wheezed, and even his own voice sounded a million miles away. "Please."

"You would have me save a Devil?"

It came out calm and level, but Masaomi could imagine the disbelief behind the question.

He'd felt it himself, once upon a time.

"She's… she's not like them," he tried desperately.

He wasn't even sure how much of it the stranger could actually understand - everything was mangled and slurred, his throat thick, and the taste of blood and blood and more blood kept welling up in his mouth, threatening to choke him.

But he couldn't stop.

He had to make whoever this was understand.

It was the only chance left.

"No peerage," he gasped, babbling, throwing out anything and everything he could scramble for. "She loves the human world. She… she cried at every movie we watched where a dog dies. Thinks pineapple on pizza is the worst crime in history."

Nothing in Heaven or Earth could have stopped the tears then.

"She made this place safe… for any supernatural who wanted a quiet home. Never asked anything in return. She's good."

Lovelier than all the stars in the night sky.

"Kind."

He could almost see her now - that smile that drove him out of his mind and back - and the memory of it made his failing eyes burn that much more.

"Please."

The rain felt cold on his face, but the inside of his chest was growing numb.

"I beg you."

One more time, with the last of his heart.

"Save her."

…

…

…

And the darkness won.

…

…

…

"Very well."

…​

The Old Hunter:

Instinct.

It was a valuable thing - a blade with an edge forever capable of being honed.

It was what had him ordering Katerina to transport the Hyoudou family away the instant this violent spectacle began, consequences be damned.

They could deal with the fallout later.

Instinct was also what had him observe the battle between the two exorcists - just long enough to get an idea of what was happening.

(Old, old wounds were what had him punishing Touji Shidou so violently, but that was a story for another time.)

In the end, it was also instinct that had him saving Masaomi Yaegaki's life, listening to the desperate man's pleading before sending him away into Katerina's care. A devil and an exorcist bound by love, destined to be struck down on the same day in what could only be a betrayal instigated by their own.

How positively Shakespearean.

There was something of value here; if nothing else, he would not be a hunter worth the name if he couldn't follow such a trail.

Stepping forward from the blood-soaked clearing, he vanished, teleporting directly to the other end of Kuoh.

The thick, cloying magical barrier that had sprung up in sync with the first explosion loomed over an area roughly the size of a dozen city blocks.

Impossible to perceive for mortals, and evidently powerful enough that cracking it open from the outside would have been an impossible feat for someone of Katerina's caliber.

But he was a far different beast.

He didn't bother breaking it down - instead, in a flash of sharp, pointed silver light that wrapped around his body like an old friend, he simply stepped forward and burned a hole right through it.

A sound followed - faint and crisp and not unlike shattering glass - but it wasn't worth noting.

Inside, the sky was a heavy blanket of choking black smoke. The surroundings were fiery, crumbling ruins, and he could immediately tell that every human in the vicinity was dead.

They likely had been from the very first strike.

The needless slaughter made his already foul mood significantly worse.

That was why, when he followed the trail of dead and mangled Abrahamic devils leading into a particular power-blasted neighborhood reduced to a crater, he only spent a split-second observing the scene.

Cleria Belial he recognized, though she was now an unconscious, bloody mess.

One of her bat-like wings had been completely torn off, the flesh flayed raw on her other side, limbs broken unevenly, and her silver hair was matted with so much blood it clung to the cracked earth like a gruesome, morbid halo.

Still alive, if only just.

The other untouched, unruffled figure standing over her he also recognized.

What in Her name-?

The man was a pristine, meticulously tailored portrait of modern Underworld nobility, sporting the kind of immaculate blonde hair, blue eyes, and high-class aristocratic tailoring that practically begged to be dragged through the mud.

A palpable storm of demonic power rolled off him, and he was quite evidently enjoying his victim's suffering.

Hector spared another second to wonder why a high-ranking Devil Rating Game Champion would be involved in a convoluted affair like this - whatever it actually was - and in that brief window of silence, Bedeze Abaddon turned toward him.

The blonde devil raised an eyebrow, and his gaze gleamed with malice.

"And who are-?"

He never finished the sentence, because Hector's fist drove squarely into his face.

The impact was cataclysmic.

Boom!

Rubble was instantly blown backward in a violent shockwave. The displaced air snuffed out the fires. The very earth heaved up and ruptured as the devil was propelled away like a fallen meteor, tearing through the debris and carving anew crater of his very own.

Cleria Belial was safely enclosed by a protective dome of silver light that hardly cost him a thought to summon.

A necessary precaution - she looked as though a gentle tap would be the absolute end of her.

With a flick of his wrist, he teleported her away to safety alongside Yaegaki.

But he stayed behind.

With how closely this catastrophe had struck to the Hyoudou home, there might be relevant information that needed extracting from this high-ranking devil.

Vital, even.

At least a reason for this sudden carnage, because a mere dalliance between two members of two opposing factions wouldn't warrant this - not alone.

Something else was at play.

And…

He could admit, deep down, that he had some sudden aggression to work through.

Summoning his ancient armor over his frame and calling his spear to his hand was the work of a single, fluid thought.

The gleaming bronze and silver reformed around him, heavy with the weight of innumerable lifetimes of battle.

Then, Hector -

No

He stopped, mentally refusing the false name.

He did not feel like a Hector at this moment.

A bloodied roar tore out of the fresh crater ahead of him, and a localized hurricane of demonic energy flattened the world as the enraged Abaddon came screaming back into the battle.

He didn't wait for him to finish the dramatic entrance.

Instead, Hippolytus - son of Theseus, Prince of Troezen, He Who Was Risen, and eternal devotee of Artemis Agrotera - leveled his spear and launched himself forward into the teeth of the storm.


…

The ripples of Dan's existence taking Canon out back behind the farm and laying into it:

beating-up-beat-up.gif

Vasco Strada and all his more diligent homies pulling up on the Holy Sword Project and all the other shady Church shit Chiron kicked up on his rampage:

ccd-itzccd.gif
​

Apollon the absolute drama queen watching all the chaos his son has kicked up with his clairvoyance, of which preventing the devils from gaining the Boosted Gear is only the cherry on top:

yea-satisfied.gif

As always, leave your comments and ideas, and if you don't like it, please be courteous.
Last edited: Jul 2, 2026
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Azrael4890, Nitsua22 and 730 others
Firewillreign
Jun 27, 2026
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Extra Canon Interlude/Sidestory: A Shifting Of Gears - Part 2
View content
Firewillreign
Firewillreign
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 26, 2023
Messages888
Likes received82,880
Aug 15, 2026
Add bookmark
#13,271
Noctus said:
BOTH - BOTH SOUND GOOD
but yeah im fine with interlude if voting is still open

okay-sounds-good.gif

For the first - and last - time, we shall have a double-update!

Over 22k words in total, I'm crying rn

Kuoh Town, Japan.
Months later:

The day had been grey from the moment Irina Shidou woke up.

Not raining, and not sunny, either.

Just a low blanket of cloud hanging over Kuoh, turning the park into a collection of muted greens and browns.

If she were the more poetic-minded, she'd probably say that it was the sort of day that made everything feel quieter than it really was.

As it was, she was a ten-year-old at the tail end of the worst months of her life.

Her thoughts on the weather started and ended with: "Dull, and I hate it."

But that wasn't really a surprise, was it?

There wasn't much that wasn't muted and halfway soulless in her life these days.

Whenever she tried to trace everything back to the beginning, her mind always returned to the same night.

The night she'd learned what an emergency ward really smelled like.

Antiseptic and bleach.

Plastic and panic.

Total, cold horror.

That, she could never forget - had been everywhere that night, and thick enough to choke on.

The lights overhead had been painfully bright, and the floor had seemed to stretch forever beneath her little shoes as she followed her mother through the corridors of the intensive care unit.

They had looked enormous to her.

Her father had been lying in a bed surrounded by machines, and he hadn't looked like he was supposed to.

He hadn't looked like her Papa.

Touji Shidou was a big, strong man. And he was loud, and his laugh was big and rumbly, and he was supposed to cackle too loudly at his own jokes and scoop her up without warning, like she weighed nothing at all.

And, and, and…

None of that helped.

That Papa was gone, and what was left behind that night had been pale and still, buried beneath blankets, tubes and bandages.

His left arm was gone.

She remembered staring at the thick layers of gauze around his shoulder and not understanding how something so important could simply... not be there anymore.

It didn't make sense - where did it even go?

Mama and the doctors had talked, and the words meant nothing to Irina.

Bad, scary things about his spine, and his hurts, and she only understood enough to know that Papa would never be the same again.

He couldn't speak, or raise his other hand, or even move at all.

He would never move again.

All he could do was look at her.

That was the part she remembered most.

His eyes.

They followed her whenever she entered the room.

And Irina couldn't stand it.

Not because she didn't love him - she adored her Papa.

But… seeing him like that…

She just couldn't.

She was a terrible daughter.

For months afterward, their house became something straight out of a nightmare.

Even when Papa was brought home, everything was always so cold.

Irina would sometimes stand outside his bedroom door with her hand on the handle and just... freeze.

She'd known it was important.

She knew Papa needed her too, just like Irina had always needed him.

She desperately, desperately wanted to - so much that she'd cry herself to sleep more often than not.

There wasn't any reason to be afraid, right?

And then she'd remember those eyes, and that would do it.

Sometimes she'd manage to enter - she'd fix his pillows, or bring him water, or help her mother with whatever little things needed doing.

Other times, she wouldn't even make it past the door.

Her mother didn't do much better.

The woman Irina had once known became thinner and quieter as the weeks passed. She spent more and more time speaking with the men who came to their home in dark suits.

There were meetings, and boring adult conversations, and doors that slammed shut the moment she saw Irina trying to peek through.

Later was always the answer.

Until, eventually, her mother sat her down and told her the truth.

Not all of it - Irina was too young for that.

But enough.

The supernatural was real.

Monsters were real, and devils too, and fallen angels before them and so, so much more.

So many things that belonged in stories and nightmares were walking around in the real world, right that very second.

And one of them had done this to her father.

Knowing that changed everything.

The nightmares - and there were plenty before - didn't stop after she learned the truth.

If anything, they got worse.

The shadows in her bedroom seemed different now, and every strange noise outside her window became something to be afraid of.

She'd wake up gasping in the middle of the night, soaked through with sweat, and stare at the ceiling until morning because she was too scared to close her eyes and see it all again.

It only worked half the time.

Most of the time, she wished Issei was still there.

The Hyoudou family had lived nearby for longer than the Shidous had, and he was her friend.

The most important one of them all, even if he didn't know about… her.

Issei was loud and obnoxious and impossible to ignore - everyone always said he was too loud by half - but he was also brave.

The bravest person Irina had ever met, except maybe Papa.

Even then, it was different with Issei.

A good different - one that Irina had liked.

Then the Hyoudous just... vanished.

They moved away without warning, and one day Irina realized that Issei simply wasn't there anymore.

Poof.

It must have happened right when Papa first got hurt, and she never got to tell him how bad things had gotten, or how scared she was, or how desperately she wished she were half as brave as him when everything came crashing down like a house of cards.

On fire.

Worst of all, she never even got to say goodbye.

If she ever needed proof that the world hated her, that would have been it.

Was this a punishment from God?

Why?

Irina had never - None of them had ever-?​

Eventually, she got used to hurting.

Or at least, she thought she had.

Because just when Irina was starting to believe that this was what her life was going to be now - her and Mama both - something changed.

It started with a man named Ewald Cristaldi.

She remembered him standing at their front door, looking like the sort of grown-up even Issei would have been leery of standing too close to.

He was stern and straight-backed, with a way of speaking that made everyone listen very carefully, or at least try very hard to pretend to.

He was also a Cardinal of the Catholic Church.

Naturally, Irina still didn't understand most of what he said, but this time, that didn't stop her from hiding nearby and listening anyway.

Especially when Mama started crying - and not the sounds that Irina had gotten used to by now, filtering in through her bedroom wall when her mother thought she was still asleep.

No, this was different, and full of relief.

There was a girl who couldn't have been any older than Irina - a young holy woman in the Vatican.

Unlike her, though, she had a gift.

Something special - incomparable - bestowed upon her by God himself.

Sacred Gear - Twilight Healing.

"Cardinal… please…"

"It's true, Madame. The Lord smiles on the faithful."

Cardinal Cristaldi knew Papa.

Not well, but he'd fought alongside him once, and he respected him, and that was enough to 'pull strings' that normally wouldn't have been pulled, and get Papa taken to Italy.

To someone who might actually be able to fix everything.

Whoever she was, Asia Argento's name alone had flipped her entire world upside down.

Again.

Irina remembered how she'd felt when she heard that.

It was almost terrifying.

No, actually - it was.

Like fire burning inside an icy pit inside of her she'd never even known was there.

After that, everything moved very, very quickly.

The transport was large and unmarked, and there were people from the Church there to make sure everything went smoothly.

Mama went with him.

Irina couldn't go yet, no matter how much she begged and pleaded and screamed.

There were too many things to be done, people to talk to, and problems that even the Church needed a stupid amount of time to sort out.

Vasco Strada, Adopted Children, Rogue Actors, Holy Sword project….

Irina doubted any of them were aware of just how much she'd overheard - no matter how little of it she actually understood - and she didn't care either, because she wasn't going.

No matter what she tried, the answer was always the same, and eventually, she was left behind.

For a little while, Mama promised just before the black car pulled away, but as far as Irina was concerned, it didn't make any difference at all.

Why does everyone keep leaving me behind?​

So there she was, sitting and reminiscing and generally wallowing in her own misery, when that little routine was throughly interrupted.

"It is a heavy thing, isn't it? The fear of the unknown."

Irina flinched and looked up.

A man was standing a few paces away.

She hadn't heard him approach, and that immediately made a little alarm bell in her head start screaming - and it wasn't even the one she'd grown used to after the revelation of the supernatural.

Stranger danger!

He was dressed in a dark, impeccably tailored coat, with a polished silver cross pinned neatly to the lapel. His hair was white, almost unnaturally so, and there was something about the way he carried himself that reminded her of the Church men who had been coming to their house.

Was he part of the security team Mama mentioned?

Irina tightened her grip on the bench beneath her, and the man seemed to notice, because he stopped where he was.

"Forgive me. I didn't mean to startle you, Miss Shidou. I'm an associate of the gentlemen you've seen at your home. A… coworker of Father Cristaldi."

He seemed sincere, and it made her shoulders relax just a little.

So, not a random creepy man from the bushes.

Probably.

She still kept her eyes narrowed, though.

"You're from the Church?"

"I am."

She studied him for another moment, and he waited her out patiently.

"You know my papa?"

"I do." Something about his expression softened. "I've been overseeing some of the arrangements concerning his… present condition. Your father was - is - a remarkable man, young Irina. A warrior of the faith, and a good one."

That was…

Irina looked down at her shoes.

She didn't know anything about that.

What she did know were things she didn't want to remember.

…

Papa laughing.

Papa carrying her.

Papa lying in that bed.

…

Those eyes.

Always, always watching her.
…

So sad.

…

She swallowed.

"Is he going to be okay?"

The question was out before she could stop it, and the stranger was quiet for another long moment.

"I hope so."

There was plenty of sincerity there too, and even though the answer made her want to cry a little, she only sniffled and finally slumped down entirely.

She heard him take a few steps closer as she wiped at her eyes.

"Sorry."

"There is nothing to apologize for." He answered kindly. "A little wariness is good for the soul, I think, and fear is no greater sin-"

Irina shook her head so hard the words caught in his throat.

"I don't want to be scared anymore," she whispered.

All she'd been these last few months was scared, and she despised it, more than anything.

The man watched her carefully.

"Of what, child?"

"Everything."

The monsters.

What happened to Papa.

Going into his room and seeing him like that.

Every one of them was a nightmare that kept her up most nights, and every one was valid, but when she looked up at the expectant stranger, the first thing out of her mouth was:

"I don't want to be afraid of Papa anymore, and I don't want to get hurt like he did."

…

Irina really was a terrible daughter.

The man, however, had nothing to say to that at first, and that somehow made it easier to keep talking.

"I don't want Mama to cry anymore either."

If she had to hear her crying through the night even one more time, Irina might lose her mind.
She just knew.

There was another stretch of silence, and the man kept staring at her with those solemn, eerie metal-grey eyes.

Then he cleared his throat and asked, "And what would you do if you didn't have to be afraid?"

If she didn't have to be-?

Irina didn't need long to think about it.

Maybe months before, it would have been a strange, philosophical question.

Tricky and not at all in a child's wheelhouse, but after everything that had happened?

"I'd be brave and strong."

The answer still surprised even her with how quickly it came, but the man nodded slowly, like her words were exactly what he'd been expecting.

Or waiting for.

"Strong enough to protect yourself?"

Irina hesitated.

"Mama and Papa too."

And the man laughed, freely and in a smooth, smooth voice.

"Of course."

Irina knew that he wasn't laughing at her - call it a gut feeling - but a part of her still bristled anyway, because of the feeling curdling deep in her belly.

That same storm she'd been carrying ever since the night everything changed.

Fear and horror and anger and helplessness and anger again.

The desperate need to force things to make sense again.

She didn't want to be scared anymore.

"Then perhaps you should consider becoming an exorcist."

Irina blinked.

It might have been a flinch, too.

"Like Papa?"

"Like your father."

Her heart gave a little jump.

Exorcists… She knew the term.

The people that fought the things that went bump in the night.

Exorcists were like her father had been, before something had gotten the better of him.

…

Exorcists were strong.

"How?"

This time, she knew she wasn't imagining it.

Those eyes were definitely glinting.

"With the right teacher, anything is possible - and I, personally, would be honored to set you on that route."

"You can teach me?"

Anticipation - that's what Irina failed to recognize in that gaze.

Anticipation, and hunger.

"If your parents agree, yes."

He extended a gloved hand toward her.

"I can teach you how to fight. How to use your faith and your Light as something more than just a fleeting comfort. How to stand against the things that frighten you instead of hiding from them, and rise even higher than you ever dreamed."
Irina stared at his hand.

He could teach her.

She hesitated, before abruptly remembering Papa, and his laughter, and missing arm.

Those sad eyes.

She thought of Mama next, and how badly she wanted her family to be happy again.

The man gave her another genial smile when she looked up at him again.

"Let's make your father proud, young lady."

And he had her, just like that.

Slowly, she reached out and took his hand, and his smile went oh so very wide indeed.

"Marvelous. Shall we have a proper introduction, then?"

He didn't wait for her answer.

"My name is Valerio Sellzen, Director of the Sigurd Institute, and I hereby formally welcome you into the fold, Irina Shidou."

The satisfaction in his voice was unmistakable.

"Let's make a good showing of it, shall we?"

And with a simple shake, her fate was sealed.

…
​
Elsewhere:

The mud was cold, but the rain was colder, falling from the heavens as a relentless downpour that bled the remaining warmth from the earth and turned the ancient mountains of Nagano into a labyrinth of slick, treacherous slopes.

For seven long, terrible months, ten-year-old Akeno Himejima had been running.

Her shoes had rotted away weeks ago; her small feet were now wrapped in tatters that barely passed muster and were useless regardless - her physiology was more help there than that pathetic patch job, and even then only barely.

Tonight, the heavy, suffocating scent of the Himejima clan's purification incense seemed determined to drown out the traces of grass and dirt in the air, and Akeno knew they were closing in.

She could feel it, like a sudden, sharp prickle at the base of her neck.

Magic, or a barrier, or something of the sort - she didn't know, and it didn't matter.

So she ran, and ran and ran until she couldn't anymore - then the exhaustion hit her all at once, deep and merciless, and she collapsed into the shadow of a decaying torii gate at the edge of an abandoned mountain village that would offer about as much protection as a sheet of paper would against the rain.

Hot tears mixed with the downpour on her cheeks, and her lungs burned as she shivered violently.

She didn't want to die.

More than that, though, she didn't want them to take her.

Every time she closed her eyes, the rain vanished, replaced by the smell of burning tatami and copper.

She could still hear the sickening, wet tear of steel cutting through flesh.

She could still see her mother, Shuri, collapsed on the floor, a fountain of brilliant, terrible crimson staining her white shrine maiden robes as her own kin slaughtered her right in front of her daughter.

"Run, Akeno!"​

That final, choked scream echoed constantly in her head, over and over again, mixed in with the harsh, cold voices of the hunters calling her a monster, an abomination that needed to be purged from the honor of the clan.

It wasn't enough that they had killed her mother.

It wasn't enough that they had butchered her for the crime of loving a Fallen Angel, and Akeno was the filth left behind.

No, they were determined to finish the job.

All because she had wings.

What did it matter that Akeno hated them herself?

What did it matter that she loathed the black feathers that occasionally sprouted from her back, or the cursed blood in her veins that had cost her mother her own?

If she could have ripped the disgusting, foul things out herself, she would have!

She'd even tried!

Just three weeks ago, cornered in an old barn, she had grabbed the base of her own left wing and pulled with every bit of power she had to her name, but it was no use.

The scream of white-hot fire at the base of her wing was somehow even louder than the wail that had left her throat hoarse and ragged for days afterwards

She had blacked out from the sheer shock of it, and by the time she finally woke up again shivering and surrounded by a pool of her own blood and loose black feathers, the hunters were nearly on her.

Akeno could barely even fly with it as it was, for all the good that'd do.

"Please," she whimpered, curling into a tight, trembling ball against the rotten wood, her fingers clawing at her dirt-caked hair. "Someone... anyone..."

Save her.

Please.

"Well, now. This, I didn't expect."

She froze.

The voice didn't come from the shadows, and it wasn't a frothing, murderous screech fit for the people desperate to kill her.

In fact, it sounded nonchalant and downright conversational, and Akeno snapped her eyes open and looked up through the blinding sheets of rain.

And there he was.

Descending from the sky as if stepping down a flight of grand, invisible stairs was a tall man clad in a dark, sweeping trench coat, fluttering against his descent.

That sight alone would have been ridiculous enough, but her breath seized completely as she spotted the set of massive, midnight-black wings unfurled from his back.

Five pairs, all in all.

Enough that when they spread out at just the right distance and angle, they seemed vast enough to blot out the entire horizon.

Father?

Something like desperate, desperate hope ignited in her chest.

He was actually here - he would save her!

Akeno had run away from him, cursed him, and blamed him for her mother's death, but this hell on earth had swallowed the childish pride right out of her.

She was too small, too cold, and too afraid to do anything but hope that she wouldn't have to die in the mud.

Then, she realized the truth.

That's not him.

The wings were too large, the presence too vast, and the cold, terrifying weight of the sky itself seemed to bend around him.

Hope twisted into fear all over again.

"W-Who are you?" she choked out, and it was so close to a sob even she barely understood herself.

The man descended and loomed over her, and she shrank back into the rotting wood that much more.

"Are you... are you one of his...?"

She couldn't even say it.

The stranger said nothing, at first.

He only tilted his head down at her, inspecting her from head to toe, before suddenly looking up toward the stormy heavens and muttering under his breath.

"When the goddess asked me for a favor, I certainly wasn't expecting this."

…What?

He blinked slowly, before turning his golden eyes back down to her, mud-caked form and all.

"They call me Kokabiel," he introduced himself easily, without any fanfare at all. "And no, I am entirely my own master - it was greatly overdue."

Akeno blinked.

"I was tracking the faint, stray signature of a handful of Fallen Angels, but I certainly wasn't looking for this particular one. Nor a scene quite like this."

His eyes swept over her yet again, before he clicked his tongue.

"You are Baraqiel's spawn, are you not?"

The name made her flinch.

"I-"

"You are." He didn't wait for her to confirm it. "And as far as I know, you have no business being here. Who are you, child, and why on earth do you look so… pitiful."

And Akeno…

Well, there was no dignified way to put it.

Between the biting cold, the trauma, and the suffocating pressure of her hunters, and everything else…

She burst into hysterical tears and shattered entirely.

…​

At some point during her rather alarming - from a purely objective standpoint - breakdown, the girl began to babble.

Evidently, she couldn't hold it in any longer.

In a choked, frantic rush of weeping gasps, a rather morbid tale poured out of her - brutal murder, a short and harrowing life on the run, and even an attempt or two at self-mutilation while being hunted down like a rabid dog for the heinous crime of existing.

Very tragic, truly.

Kokabiel listened politely, letting the rain wash over his sharp features.

When the girl's voice finally dissolved into raw, hitching sobs, he sighed heavily, tipped his head back toward the stormy sky, and pinched the bridge of his nose with two gloved fingers.

"Incompetence," he muttered to himself, already and utterly done with this newfangled fiasco. "Absolute, Father-damned moronic fools, every last one of them."

The worst part was that not an ounce of it was truly surprising, let alone original.

Baraqiel once again cannot keep his domestic affairs in order, the Shinto purists are having a collective aneurysm over a child, and I am standing in the mud playing therapist.

Unbelievable.

And they have the gall to question why he would leave that festering cesspit of a- oh, but never mind that.

He adjusted the collar of his coat, all too aware of the way the little spawn was eyeing him like live ordnance.

Not surprising, that, given her recent experiences.

"I mean you no harm, child."

If he did, they wouldn't be having this conversation to begin with.

"Furthermore, your situational awareness is severely lacking. You are being tracked by more than just your mother's disappointingly dim-witted relatives. There are at least two distinct groups of Fallen Angels trailing your scent through these mountains as we speak."

He'd already surveyed one as it is, and neither of them were of Satanael's get, which made this little interruption in his hunt that much more irritating.

…Though perhaps he shouldn't have mentioned that aloud, on second thought, because the child looked like she'd stopped breathing entirely and that wouldn't do, now would it?

"Be at peace, little-"

"Fallen Filth!"

…

Of course.

Kokabiel wearily closed his eyes, before slowly turning to observe the opposite tree line.

In but a moment, the shadows at the edge of the clearing twisted, and seven figures clad in traditional Shinto robes materialized from the gloom, their hands already forming intricate spiritual seals.

"Fallen filth!" the lead Himejima exorcist roared again, as if Kokabiel hadn't heard him the first time. "Step away from the abomination! She belongs to the Himejima!"

The Fallen Angel arced a single, unimpressed brow.

"Does she really? I was under the impression that she was my ignoramus brother's progeny."

The lead exorcist hissed a rather rotten curse at him.

Certainly nothing suitable in the company of children.

"She is a black taint on the bloodline of our noble clan, and she - it - will be purified on this very night!"

"As will you!" The gibbering buffoon to his right chimed in. "You trespass and interfere with divine mandate, heretical beast!"

"Surrender." A third and last one hefted a blade at them and snarled, deep and from the soul. "There is no escape!"

…

Stars above, they were actually serious, weren't they?

Kokabiel was almost impressed.

The lack of properly developed survival instincts on the lot of them might as well have been a genuine medical marvel, given that even the minuscule faction of the presence he allowed himself to radiate collectively dwarfed them all by far.

Then again, they were zealots.

Never the brightest bulbs, those, regardless of religion or creed.

As for their 'threat'…

There was a time where he would have killed them all slowly for the insult - and other times where he would have shrugged it and the girl trembling behind him off, and left them to do as they will.

It was, after all, none of his concern.

Now, however….

He glanced back at the child for a fleeting beat.

Pale-faced. Shallow breathing. Face the very picture of ceaseless despair.

Clearly already convinced that he would surrender her to her fate, or that he would die first and the result would be the same.

Likely both.

…

Well, then.

Slowly, the faintest hint of a smile pulled at his lips.

Kokabiel had only come here on this night and stumbled onto this scene because he was due to repay a favor to Artemis Argrotera, and that particular moon goddess would not be pleased to learn that he had left an innocent child to face certain death, regardless of her origins.

If nothing else, he saw no need to end this transaction on a sour note that could so easily be avoided.

"I think not."

The girl's eyes went impossibly wide as he continued, much to the exorcists' frothing rage.

"I do believe this child will be staying with me. If any of you would prefer to leave before this becomes unnecessarily unpleasant, I would suggest doing so now."

Naturally, they refused.

Pity.

"Fallen!" The lead exorcist was still working his lungs to their most deafening capacity, surpassing even the rain and the occasional burst of thunder in the distance. "You will-!"

That was as far as he got before Kokabiel's finger twitched, and all seven annoyances vanished within a fraction of a second, obliterated utterly by a swirling vortex of collapsing space and heat and sheer, unforgiving energy.

Baraqiel's daughter gasped and toppled back further behind him, but that was due to the wave of displaced air that buffeted her more than anything else.

Their deaths had been far too quick for her to perceive, though the shockwave continued on and blew the rotten torii gate to splinters, forcing him to flare his wings to shield her from the flying debris.

*Good. *

That was one task done - and now for the other.

Kokabiel's eyes narrowed as he turned to yet another point past the tree line, and he raised his voice by another modicum.

"Do come out now. You are hardly as discreet as you seem to think you are, and my patience is wearing thin as it is."

…

For a moment, nothing happened.

And then, with a faint burst of collapsing magic - no, demonic power - the air on the opposite side of the clearing shimmered, and a reincarnated devil clad in an elegant, foreign suit stepped into the light, flanked by two armored, lower-class Devils.

And not just any reincarnated devil at that.

Despite the unassuming features, he had some power to his name, and the staff he bore carried the distinct, crimson crest of the House of Gremory.

Interesting.

"Heinrich Cornelius Agrippa." He murmured the name levelly, and the lower-class devils stiffened at the sound of his voice. "Bishop to Lord Zeoticus Gremory, Father to Sirzechs."
That last note alone was the only reason he bothered to learn of the man and the rest of the members of that little Peerage, no matter how asinine their roles may have been.

"Lord Kokabiel. An honor."

The Bishop feared him - Kokabiel could all but taste it - but he had the grit not to show it in front of his subordinates at least.

"An annoyance." The Fallen Angel retorted. "What business do you have here, and what does it have to do with this child?"

Because he was many things, but an imbecile was not one of them.

The devil further demonstrated his good sense by not dawdling with his answer.

"An agreement was made, Lord Kokabiel."

An agreement-

Ah.

It only took a moment to connect the dots.

The girl.

The second group of Fallen tracking her every move from the shadows, yet making no move to interfere.

A group entirely distinct from the first set, who had clearly been the work of Baraqiel himself, in some ham-fisted, feckless attempt to watch over his daughter from a distance.

And now a group of Devils - this group of Devils, with their connections and implications - who, had Kokabiel not involved himself in this mess, would have covertly arrived 'just in time' to intercept the Himejima exorcists in his stead.

An agreement, was it?

"Azazel is up to his old tricks again, isn't he?"

The Bishop said not a word, but that on its own was answer enough.

Kokabiel stared at him impassively for another moment, before tipping his head in a rather unmistakable gesture.

"Go on. There will be no agreements carried out tonight."

For the third and final time, Agrippa demonstrated his position as the second most intelligent individual in that clearing by far.

He offered the Fallen Angel one last nod of respect, before a quick magic circle and flare of power carried him - and the shattered fragments of Azazel's plans - away.

…

Only then did Kokabiel sigh again.

"He never learns."

Then again, one should never expect anything of the sort from Azazel to begin with - and now Baraqiel's reaction to this debacle would no doubt be entirely too loud for his liking.

…

*Ever and always disappointing, but that was only par for the course. *

In the end, those two - and the Grigori entire - would reap what they sow, as they did time and time again.

And they would reap them alone.

Kokabiel had better things to do.

With that, he turned his full attention back to the shivering girl.

Akeno had barely moved since Agrippa's departure.

She stood exactly where Kokabiel had left her, shoulders hunched against the cold, her small hands clenched tightly at her sides as though she still expected another attack to come from somewhere in the darkness.

Half petrified with heart-stopping horror that had slowly simmered into something more dazed, and tinged through with just the right amount of insidious hope.

The Fallen Angel had saved her, after all.

That meant something.

She wasn't going to die.

The realizations struck all at once, making her knees tremble, and Kokabiel saw it all.

Her eyes followed him warily when he approached, but she made no attempt to retreat.

She didn't have the strength for that, and he shoved his hands into his coat pockets and looked down at her, letting out a brief, quiet breath.

"…"

"…"

…

…So this was how it was going to be?

"Well, it could be worse, I suppose," Kokabiel said dryly. "You could have been born a nephilim."

Akeno blinked at him again through damp lashes, visibly struggling to process that off-handed statement.

"I don't understand."

That word, or him, or anything that had happened at all.

It might as well have been a fever dream to her.

"Of course you don't."

She frowned faintly, lips wobbling, before wiping at one cheek with the back of her hand and glancing nervously toward the place where the exorcists had vanished.

"Are… you going to hurt me?"

A stupid question, perhaps, but entirely instinctive in the end.

He would allow it.

"No." Was the blunt reply. "Now come along, child."

Akeno hesitated.

Her gaze dropped to the mud beneath her bare, battered feet, then lifted cautiously back to him.

After a moment, she gave the smallest, uncertain nod.

Kokabiel went as far as to hold out his hand for her, and it wasn't long before she took it most delicately.

Her fingers were freezing, but they quickly warmed in his.

"Let us get out of the rain before anyone else decides to interrupt my evening."

And with a flash of brilliant light, they were gone.

…
​
Thessaloniki, Greece:

"Woah woah woah - hold on a second."

Hippolytus didn't look up.

The old prince was too busy sitting in the old high-backed chair beside the fire, one hand resting on the arm while the other leafed through a report from the stack set beside him.

Artemis, on the other hand, was almost sprawled across the couch at the other other end of the room, with one arm draped over her eyes and the other idly flipping a polished coin over and over again.

Katerina had no complaints there.

She'd been having the time of her life leaning over the back of the couch, working her fingers carefully through Artemis' white-blonde hair, the silvery strands slipping easily between them.

Some people might have considered the sight undignified - the great Olympian goddess of the hunt, lounging around in a sanctum while one of her followers played with her hair?

Yeah, those people could go pound sand.

Katerina and her sister had grown up with Artemis washing and braiding their hair when they were little, always patient no matter how long it took to untangle the knots.

Their goddess had been just as happy to let the two girls clumsily return the favour, even when their efforts had been considerably less impressive.

There was no way in Hades Katerina was giving up her privileges now.

Besides, Artemis was no one's fool.

She could lounge however she damn well pleased.

That wasn't the problem that had her sitting up and squinting at them both.

"Can someone run that last one by me again?"

Hippolytus turned another page and still refused to look up from the stack.

"You heard me the first time, Katerina."

"But seriously?"

Look, she'd known from the start that things were going to get complicated once the Grigori had fessed up about this Satanael guy and his little split from the rest after Lord Chiron had finished tearing them a new one.

It sounded very convenient.

Oh no, we didn't attack you and yours, why would we do that? It was actually this one jerk who doesn't even work with us anymore. Take it up with him!

Yeah. Sure.

Except the facts had checked out.

A Twelve-Winged Fallen Angel was out and about and probably committing war crimes out the wazoo.

The Hunters stationed in Japan were already sweeping across the country, looking for this Utsusemi Agency up and down and all over the place, and throwing someone of that weight class into the mix made everything a heck of a lot more dangerous.

And Artemis couldn't exactly start deploying the big guns - cough, the olderhunters, cough - to speed things up, either.

Not without running the risk of Takamagahara and its kami taking notice, and then they'd have a whole new pile of problems to deal with.

No, they had to be careful.

Ugh.

Even Hippolytus' role on the last mission had been strictly recon, and that had nearly exploded spectacularly.

Metaphorically, obviously.

The actual explosions had been pretty damn impressive all on their own, and the windfall after that had been completely worth it too.

Still, the point stood.

So what Katerina wanted to know was how exactly things had gone so funky that another Grigori Cadre was helping them find this rogue one?

"What does Kokabiel Of The Stars even get out of doing us a solid?"

This time, it was Artemis that answered her, though she didn't bother opening her eyes.

"The repayment of a debt. He owes me a small handful."

Eh?

"Is it something I'm allowed to ask about?"

"The long and short of it is that - before their Fall - He and Sahariel of the Moon held, in some aspects, duties equivalent to my own."

Katerina's mouth snapped shut.

"Moon stuff?"

Artemis nodded, once, and that was all the motivation she needed to nod back and take a big mental step back.

Not touching that one with a ten foot pole.

"So he owes you a few favors?"

"He made certain mistakes a long, long time ago that can be lethal at best for the ignorant and the foolish meddling in that domain, and I found myself in a position to interfere. He was smart enough to acknowledge his debts, and that is all there is to it."

"Cool."

Hippolytus snorted and flipped another page.

"What? As far as Fallen Angels go, he sounds way less stupid than I would've thought."

Someone else might have tried to shortchange Artemis, and Katerina would've had a grand old time cackling when it was time to pay the piper.

"He is still a Cadre of the Grigori. Or was, at least."

"Was?"

Artemis finally moved her arm and glanced up at Katerina with those glinting silver eyes.

"What do you know of Kokabiel's battle with Vasco Strada in the first half of the twentieth century?"

The Catholic Church's Violence of Heaven?

Whoo boy - who didn't know this story?

"They tangoed in World War Two when the Grigori started getting up to their extra-nasty business, and he beat the brakes off him, right?"

Just imagining it was enough to put an excited grin on her face.

Katerina was a proper Grecian through and through, and had faction loyalty for days, but even she could take pride in an overwhelming PR victory for Team Human-

"Kokabiel threw the fight."

"…"

"…"

"…"

"…What in the what now?"

"I've told you that his role mirrors my own amongst the Abrahamic Pantheons."

Katerina nodded slowly.

Very slowly.

"Because of this, Kokabiel has always been… more objectively aware of his own relative insignificance in the grand scheme of things than most would expect."

Artemis sighed and finally sat up from her sprawl, running a hand through her hair.

"This does not mean his deeds and lows through the millennia are not as black as his wings, mind you. But he is a less egregious offender than a great many of his former brethren."
Hippolytus set the report in his hands down as their goddess continued.

"By the time the debacle of the Second World War came to pass, he was thoroughly disillusioned with the greater Grigori as a whole. Then, in 1943, several contingents of rather moronic Fallen Angels landed in Italy and launched a campaign of terror across the country, cutting a swathe through it on their way to the Vatican while taking advantage of the Church's forces being stretched thin across the world."

"Vasco Strada was deployed with one of the exorcist squads sent to intercept them," Hippolytus added. "They had little chance of surviving that encounter."

"As it turned out, however, many of these Fallen had connections of their own. Some were children or descendants of important figures within the Grigori's then-current leadership."

Katerina raised a hand.

"I thought the Grigori didn't do the whole 'nobility' thing the Devils like to mainline."

"They don't, as a general rule."

It was Hippolytus who answered this time.

"But nepotism still has its uses, and plenty of them would not have been pleased to have their family trees abruptly pruned by the wielder of the Holy Sword Durandal."

"And so it was that Azazel himself pressured Kokabiel into taking to the field," Artemis finished. "The loss of those little wretches would have shattered his faction's momentum in the war."

She paused.

"What he didn't account for was just how far Kokabiel's patience had worn thin."

"Meaning?"

Artemis smiled.

"Meaning Kokabiel arrived at the battlefield, exchanged a few blows with Vasco Strada, and immediately realized just how absurdly powerful a mere human barely out of childhood - and still far from his prime - had become."

Katerina's grin had already returned.

"He then had to choose between exerting the effort needed to cull such a warrior for the sake of a group of egotistical, spoiled infants who had led themselves to the noose and now needed him to cut them free…"

Artemis' smile grew sharper, and more than a little amused.

"…continuing to serve an organization he could no longer even pretend to stand behind... or making another choice entirely."

Katerina's eyes widened, and Hippolytus chuckled.

"In the end, he chose to do what he should have done long ago."

Artemis' gaze gleamed.

"He cut himself free of Azazel's machinations. He killed the Fallen he'd been sent to retrieve himself, turned the battlefield into a wasteland, praised Vasco Strada for his immense potential, and advised him to realize it before they fought again."

She leaned back against the couch, and went back to flipping her dagger into the air.

"Then he simply walked off the battlefield, and out of the Grigori entirely."

…

…

…

Katerina stared at Artemis.

Then at Hippolytus.

Then back at Artemis again.

Her brain meats were screaming, and she pressed two fingers to her temples and screwed her eyes shut.

"Okay, we can move on, but I have so many questions!"

So, so many.

"You always do," Hippolytus muttered wryly, and she immediately snapped a finger at the beginnings of his crooked smirk.

"Don't start with me, princeling! Not all of us are older than indoor plumbing, and I just learned that a Fallen Angel Cadre-"

"Former Cadre," Artemis corrected mildly.

"-might actually be pretty cool! It's a lot to process!"

Her goddess's soft laugh broke out into the room at that, and Hippolytus - because the buzzkill was physically incapable of letting Katerina have her fun for more than five seconds, - dropped his gaze back to that stupid report.

"He is still an Original Watcher. Being 'pretty cool' in one instance doesn't erase that."

Katerina waved the warning off.

"You know what I mean."

She knew perfectly well that the guy probably had enough history of being a gnarly bastard behind him to fill a few dozen libraries, and then some.

She wasn't an idiot.

That didn't mean she'd pretend that the story hadn't been awesome.

"You can ask all the questions you please another time, Katerina." Artemis chided, and she ducked her head - that voice was lethal. "For now, there are other matters to attend to."

Fair.

She probably wanted an update on the Hyoudou's situation again, which was going…

Well, it was going.

Sometimes well and sometimes not - but hey, it could be worst!

At least it's not the Belial fiasco.

Katerina winced just thinking about that mess.

Hippolytus was free to deal with that whole thing - and those two poor schmucks at the heart of it - all on his own.

Before she could start explaining things on her end, though, the prince beat her to the punch.

"On that note, my lady…"

When the two of them turned back to him, he was frowning down gravely at the latest set of pages in front of him, and something about the expression made the last of laughter drain right out of the air.

"What is it?"

"A development from Laodice." He was already handing the report over, and Artemis took it with a look that matched his tit for tat. "One I believe warrants your immediate attention."

…​

Another novel twist.

With how events had proceeded this year, one could almost be forgiven for thinking the Moirai were pulling at the strings of fate and playing their despicable games again.

Fortunately, that was impossible.

Fate had such little hold on them after Apollon's machinations and ceaseless rage had finished casting the Three from the heavens and burning every last trace of them out of existence.

What a war that had been - one even most of the divine had been unaware was occurring right beneath the cloak of their endless ignorance.

And what a mad, mad day of revelry had crowned that victory.

Yet even still…

Despite knowing what she did, some small part of Artemis's immortal self couldn't help but wonder at the sheer numberof developments stacking one atop another, even as she continued reading through the report her Huntress had provided.

An encounter.

A meeting with a dangerous local swordswoman who had 'caught her scent' in the region.

A photograph attached to a name.

Chikage Miyamato.

Interesting, truly.

But the second set of details was infinitely more so, and far more alarming besides.

A picture of a young girl, perhaps a little younger than Katerina had been when she'd first entered the Hunt, with dark hair and a quiet, almost severe expression that seemed entirely at odds with her age.

It was accompanied by another name.

Zekka Miyamato.

And beneath it, one final set of lines in neat, handwritten script:


Suspected Unstable Sub-Species Sacred Gear.

False Longinus - Eden's Dual.​

…
​
Nowhere In Particular:

A moment.

A century.

All of time and eternity and back again.

Bedeze Abaddon could not comprehend how long ago his torment had begun, and he'd long since begun to wish for an end.

He had screamed at first.

He had screamed until there was nothing left in his throat to give, and then screamed anyway, because the pain had somehow shattered his pride right from the onset and went from there.

Eventually, even that had stopped, though his perception of when meant nothing in this Hell.

The only constant was the light.

The tide of it surrounded him from every direction, filling his vision even when his eyes were closed - until the lids had melted off - pouring into his flesh and blood through his flayed-open skin and rent bones until they boiled right out in the open for anything capable of surviving this to see.

And yet he did not die.

The light… it healed him even as it burned, regenerating everything that was destroyed just so it could eat it all away again and stretch his suffering that much more.

His power was no help here - his demonic power couldn't manifest as even a trick against the sheer holiness of this torment, and the scraps of sanity he had left to his name wouldn't have been able to direct it regardless.

When he somehow found the strength to struggle and writhe, the chain suspending him in the heart of this nightmare - this cruel and unforgiving sun - pulled taut, stretched so tightly even a tug more would rip his limbs clean off his body.

Right to the edge, and not a step more, over and over again.

A true fate worse than death.

Until now.

A faint sound reached him through the light.

Something like footsteps, loud and echoing, and then a voice.

Clear and polished.

Vast and terrible.

"Hello again, little devil."

It was the god who had put him here.

Bedeze didn't have it in him to rage at it anymore.

To roar or beg or plead - not like he had at first.

The best he could do was burn, and cower.

"I see that arrogance had finally failed you. Pity. It was some of the best entertainment I've had in centuries."

Another footstep, closer this time.

"You see, I'm quite pleased to have you here with me today. I've just gotten back from seeing my son - you are not worthy to even hear his name, of course - and by now, he'll be heading back to see his friend. A noble-born Abrahamic Devil, just like you."

The voice remained perfectly calm, but the almost polite disdain in that last word made the light imprisoning him flare, and Bedeze's silent scream was violent enough to pulverize his own vocal cords.

"I've long been aware that my son has… not quite internalized how much I despise your misbegotten race, or just how much patience I must exercise simply to tolerate that companion he so closely keeps to his side. To be perfectly honest, despite acknowledging his worth, every now and then I'll look at him, old wounds will flare, and all I'll feel…"

Another footstep, and then the shape of him was standing right before Bedeze's melting eyes.




"Is H̴̨̳̣͈̭̲͇͍̹͙̒͗͒̀̌͋̆̏͗͑̆͌̚̚͝Ą̵̧̡̯̥̰̹̙͉̇́̈́͠T̶̰̭̥̼̭͒̋͛̉̿͌̎́̔Ë̸͖͇͓͎͛͆͂͊̄͗͛̇͛̽́̕͝͠!̷̬̍̾̽̃̂"​



Somehow, the apocalyptic word was almost a reprieve.

The sheer force of it shattered something fundamental in him, and though he came to moments later, there was an instant of blissful, agonizing darkness.

If he could, he would have wept.

"There you are again."

The god's amused voice floated back in just a moment, along with the resurging fire.

"I have quite a few unpleasant memories to work through now, and it wouldn't do for my outlet to break too soon."

Outlet?

…

"Indeed. You should rejoice, worm. Your unsightly existence finally had some measure of true value."

Whether he'd plucked the thought from Bedeze's mind or simply seen it in the face of his newfound despair was irrelevant.

Everything was, even the impossible pain, in the face of what came next.

"Now then…"

The god's voice softened.

"…let's begin with whatever it is you have melded to your soul."

NO!

Then the god reached into the light.

His hand passed through the searing radiance, through flesh and blood and bone, and deeper still, into the very root of Bedeze's terrified existence.

To the Ruin Lord's gift.

And tore.

It.

Free.​


"What is this?"

Almost immediately, the god's presence seemed to recoil in shock.

Bedeze didn't notice it.

"This... No. It's not possible."

The Rating Games Champion didn't notice anything anymore.

"They - he - couldn't possibly be so stupid."

He was quite thoroughly shattered, in every sense of the word.

"And yet…"

But perhaps that was for the best.

The pain was gone, and in the end, he was spared the final surge of light that followed as Phoebus Apollon tipped his head back, the crimson King Piece held aloft in his hand, and laughed for all the world to hear.

And tremble.

"Oh, look what they've done!"

…​

Irina unknowingly setting herself up for, like, ALL the trauma:

yuji-face-jujutsu-kaisen.gif

Kokabiel: I am an independent elevated self-enlightened Fallen Angels with no attachments and no taste for Drama:

Also Kokabiel, before and after spending three days with Akeno, tops:

chicas-malas-hit-and-run.gif

Meanwhile, Apollon who found a random kid of his one day and has literally not stopped winning since:

dwayne-johnson-the-rock.gif

As always, leave your comments and ideas, and if you don't like it, please be courteous.
Last edited: Aug 16, 2026
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Spideyanimefan34, Azrael4890 and 612 others
Firewillreign
Aug 15, 2026
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks We Speed-Run A New Entrance, With A Little Violent Murder As A Treat
View content
Firewillreign
Firewillreign
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedSep 26, 2023
Messages888
Likes received82,880
Aug 15, 2026
Add bookmark
#13,272
Me, to the hectic summer schedule and ceaseless interruptions that have tried to kill my writing vibes since July:

aegon-targaryen.gif

Onwards!

Days Later:

What is a soul?

It was the sort of question that seemed painfully obvious, right up until you actually stopped to think about it.

What is a soul?

A sentient energy field? The body's magical blueprint?

The 'real' you underneath the customisable meat suit?

Short answer: it's complicated

Long answer: it's really, really complicated.

The least poetic answer, though, goes something like this:

A soul is a manifest phenomenon encompassing the totality of an individual's existence.

Remember - least poetic.

Basically, once you boil away all the magical jargon and strip out the parts I can't even begin to understand yet... the soul is everything that you are, and everything that lets you keep being what you are.

Like the ability to change.

Souls change all the time.

In small, reversible ways, or in big, fundamental ones, and everything in between.

And, if you knew what you were doing, you could actually keep track of bits and pieces of that yourself.

"Dan."

"I know."

A week after the mess with Ezren Vale and his Utsusemi lackeys - and all the noise that came after it - Sairaorg and I started the day bright and early.

Well, more early than bright.

The sky above was grey and eerie, with a low curtain of pale light pressing through somewhere beyond the clouds.

Everything around us was broken up into drifting pockets of cold mist.

They moved slowly around us, swallowing distance and depth until there was nothing left but layers of shifting white and grey.

There was nothing but deceptively calm water below.

No waves or current or wind - just zen stillness.

Sairaorg and I floated across from one another, cross-legged against the surface, decked out in nothing but swim shorts.

We had our eyes closed, hands on our knees, and even our breathing matched beat for beat.

Slow and even.

It would have looked almost peaceful - and maybe a little weird - if you ignored the fact that we were sitting on water like it was solid ground.

I know what you're thinking.

Compared to the rest of the magic you've seen me use, this didn't even qualify as a party trick.

Except, using any more power right then and there had a non-zero chance of getting us eaten.

"It's getting closer."

"Of course it is."

Let me explain.

When we woke up this morning and got ready for training, expecting the usual grind, Chiron announced that we were going for a quick field trip instead.

Obviously, that had our blood pressure spiking, because anything that broke our 'work-until-you-drop-and/or-get-pummeled-into-the-dirt' routine was always going to be bad news.

Fool me once and all that, right?

Anyway, Teach never pulled the same trick twice, so you never knew what fresh flavour of pain was coming your way until it was already biting you in the face.

Cue this lake.

I didn't know where we were, or how far the water stretched, but between the eerie lighting, the warped sense of space, and the blatantly supernatural chill in the air, I had a pretty good feeling we were nowhere near Kansas anymore.

As for what we were doing…

Technically, it was meditation.

The cold here had nothing on Cocytus or Absolute Demise's balance breaker, but it was heavy, constant, and the temperature kept dropping every other minute like it had something to prove.

The way Chiron explained it, pushing back against it was all about specific intent, because flaring raw power out wouldn't get us anywhere here no matter how much of it we had to spare.

We had to mean it.

Meditation, then - that was the drill.

The twist?

There was something in the water with us.

It was big and vast and desperately ravenous, lurking in the deep right beneath our dangling feet.

We couldn't see it, but we could feel it - like having phantom teeth scraping against the back of our necks.

And it was absolutely, one hundred percent aware of us, too.

"This is its territory, and you are intruders," Chiron had explained happily before leaving us to our fate. "Too much power too quickly will be seen as an act of aggression, and answered in kind. If you flare your energy, it attacks. If your focus slips and you sink, it attacks you. And if you use too little-"

"We freeze and it gets popsicles for dinner anyway?"

The sadist centaur only laughed.

"Have fun, boys."

Whatever it was, Sai and I combined had zero chance against it, and Chiron had told us as much himself.

So, to recap:

I was half-naked, half-frozen, unable to thaw myself out properly or use any of my weapons or spells, and right within striking distance of some effectively invisible, depth-dwelling nightmare whose mere presence had my demigod lizard brain screaming, 'Move, ya moron!' in twelve different dialects of Ancient Greek and at least three more it must have come up with on the spot.

And you thought your Mondays were bad.

"Dan."

Even with my eyes closed, a vein on my forehead twitched.

"Sairaorg, I. Am. Trying."

"Well, try harder."

"Oh, easy for you to say!"

The point of all of this was fine control.

Being in tune with your power and where it comes from, so you could eventually learn to do more with less.

Sairaorg had me beat there because he started off a lot closer to zero than I did, what with his crippling deficiency ofdemonic power.

It was that absence, mixed with drive and pure, back-breaking effort that had him unconsciously feeling out the edges of his soul and learning to draw pure life force from deep within.

Because he had to force it out in the first place, he also had an easier time throttling the engine down when he needed to.

I was different.

Between the fact that my reserves were comparatively bigger - Senjutsu enhancement didn't count - and fundamentally different, plus the inbuilt instinct to just throw everything at a problem until it stopped moving, I didn't really have a dial.

I had a switch.

On and off, with barely anything in between - trying to delicately skim the surface of my power without letting it all surge out explosively was like trying to work a keyboard with a wrecking ball.

It - I - was too volatile for that, right down to the source of it all.

Which brings us all the way back full circle.

What is a soul?

What is my soul?

I couldn't sense it the way Sairaorg could his, but I think I was finally starting to.

Scratching at the surface meant something else entirely when there was no surface to make sense of, but I was beginning to get…

Let's call them impressions.

Vague outlines, really.

…

Light.

No surprise there.

Warmth.

Pull the other one.

Raging fire-

Hello, Incinerate Anthem. Move along, please.

…

Nothing else

I frowned and pushed deeper, forcing my sixth sense inwards, trying to focus-

Something new.

I almost gasped and lost it entirely.

A different, foreign heat.

…

That's…

I didn't know what it was, specifically, but I recognized the feeling.

It had been like a faint, distant itch at the back of my head for days now, ever since that meeting with Hestia.

A strong, beating ember.

Not harmful - I could tell that much easily - but the second I consciously brushed against it, my control slipped.

Crap.

The light surged, spiking upward with a sudden, violent pulse of pressure.

Below us, the thing in the dark moved, and Sai hissed.

"Too much!"

"For the love of - I know!"

But I'd already lost it.

The awareness winked out, and I was back to square zero.

Damn it.

"Sure looks like you don't! So much for Chiron's better student!"

"Are you still on about that letter?" I gave up and cracked an eye open to glare at him. "What are you, Regulus? Let it go, dude."

"Really?" He met the look with a stink eye to match. "You want to talk about letting things go and you bring up Regulus?"

"Don't bring the kill-stealer into this!"

"You just did!"

"Well, you made me think of him! Invoking evil makes you responsible for it!"

"Of all the stupid, backwards-!"

We could have gone like that for hours, and in our defense, we'd been at this for just as long.

Between the constant hypothermic temperatures and the lowkey psychological torture, we were both all sorts of cranky.

Naturally, we let loose just a little too much then - a spark over the line, I swear - and that did it.

Sairaorg was going for another scathing insult that would be embarrassing for both of us tomorrow when the water beneath us gave a massive, unnatural shudder.

Our eyes widened.

""Oh-""

The phantom teeth at the back of my neck didn't just scrape this time.

They bit down.

""-crap!""

Scatter!

We exploded off the surface of the lake a split second before it dropped out underneath us, plummeting thirty feet in a blink like an elevator at terminal velocity.

I looked down, eyes flaring gold against the rising mist, bracing for the worst.

Cat was out of the bag now.

I was expecting some building-sized monstrosity - probably a dragon, because let's face it, it was always dragons - but instead of that…

It was something much smaller.

It crawled out onto the receding surface of the water on all fours, all sleek and wiry, with a dark, wet pelt that rippled like it was painted on liquid muscle. It had claws that dug right against the water and gripped against it with all the traction anyone could ask for, and a heavy, powerful tail swayed behind it, cutting through the fog this way and that.

It tilted a long, razor-jawed skull upward, locking onto us with , sulfurous eyes.

…

I'm not going to lie:

From up here, it almost looked like an otter.

Wait, no, it was an otter - if otters stood fifteen feet tall, packed hundreds of pounds and came with muck green fur and slit-eyed, bloodthirsty murder-glares.

It stared up at us.

We stared back down.

It was a whole, confusing thing.

"What-?"

Then it whistled.

A piercing, metallic screech tore through the air, lighting up the insides of my eardrums like the Fourth of July.

"▅▅▅▂▅▂▄▅▃▃▄!"

"Gah!"

Which sounds worse than it was - son of Apollon and survivor of the Nemean Lion here - but it was still bad enough to have me flinching and screwing my eyes shut.

Sairaorg too, and only for a blink.

Our new friend didn't waste it.

One second, it was crouching against the lake and projecting just how badly it wanted to disembowel us, and the next, it was launching up in a wild, ballistic arc.

"Grrrrr!"

I blasted it, because of course I did - a concentrated beam of sizzling light right out of my palm, aiming for its center mass.

It would have been a direct hit against ninety-nine percent of the things I've fought, but the growly otter of doom violently contorted to one side. The blast sheared past it, close enough to singe fur, but instead of losing its momentum and falling, the thing let out another sharp, pressurized whistle.

It literally trod the air.

With a stupid burst of speed, it kicked off the empty fog, changing tracks mid-jump.

Sairaorg didn't have the time to dodge, but his Touki surrounded him in a flare of brilliant white right as it came at him.

Crack.

The impact was like a thunder strike, and the mist around us was blown far and away even as the blur of teeth and fur went berserk against Sai's guard.

I tried to lunge in from the side, aiming for its flank, but a long, dark shadow suddenly whipped into the corner of my vision.

The tail-!

It cleaved through the air and nailed me right across the ribs and back, quicker than I could think to teleport.

Ever been whipped by a fire hose wrapped in steel wool?

Because that's what it felt like, and the force was almost as nasty as the feeling of my unarmored skin being flayed open by the strike.

I didn't just get sent down into the grey, rocky shoreline - I skipped.

Boom, boom, boom.

For the record, bouncing off jagged, wet stone at way-too-many miles an hour is exactly as fun as it sounds.

By the time I was done - about three seconds later - I was covered in dust, flat on my back, a little mangled, and everything from my ribcage down to my spine was suing for damages.

But I'd had worse.

I scrambled to my feet, ready to blast right back into the fight, but Sairaorg and Growly beat me to the punch.

The two of them slammed down a hundred feet to my right, carving a fresh furrow into the rock.

From the looks of it, Growly had already carved a set of raw, bloody claw marks across his chest, and his wings weren't doing much better - one of them was twisted back at the wrong angle, and the other was scored through with painful, oozing gashes that leaked blood across his back and into the dirt.

Naturally, that only made Sai angrier.

The Touki around his fist seemed to warp air and gravity as he cocked it back, and the uppercut he drove into the underside of its snarling jaw should have pulverised it, and probably taken off its head for good measure.

Except-

His fist met its hide, and its momentum stopped dead.

If Growly wasn't screeching so loud, you could've almost heard the dull, anticlimactic thud.

Then, right beneath the wet fur where the blow had landed, the flesh bulged.

I mean that - its throat suddenly swelled, expanding outward like a giant, ticked-off pufferfish.

Sairaorg's expression went from flat to panicked as Growly's slitted eyes gleamed, and two of us had just enough time to realize what was happening before the thing reared back and spat.

Fwoom!

A cone of gale-force wind and concentrated pressure erupted out of its maw, catching Sairaorg square in the everything.

Force absorption? Really?

It was strong enough to snap his head back and send him careening head over heels across the rocky shore, cursing up a storm.

Growly would have leapt after him to press the attack, but my second light blast seared into it mid-jump and nixed that plan right from the top.

But the pained snarl and the immediate scent of burning fur - like wet dog crossed with barbecued car tire - was a good sign.

I'd underpowered it on the off chance that it could reflect that too, but there were limits.

Unfortunately, Growly recovered as fast as it moved.

"Grrrrr!"

I got a flash of those sulfurous red eyes blitzing to my left - there there was a face full of dripping, yellow fangs snapping shut right where my head had just been.

I ducked, feeling the wind of its jaws part my hair, and instantly flash-stepped the hell out of there, reappearing twenty feet back with my heart hammering against my ribs.

Too close.

Growly spun on a dime, coiling its legs and trying to come after me again, but the rock beneath its paws rumbled before it could pounce.

"Hey ugly!"

A writhing forest of sharp, jagged roots and gnarled branches erupted from the earth, courtesy of Sairaorg, and immediately hurtled up to skewer it.

Growly bared its teeth, completely abandoning its attack on me to dance backward. It twisted and dodged mid-air, dodging the wooden spikes by the skin of its very sharp teeth.

And its paws.

Anything it couldn't avoid was batted away or shattered with rapid-fire swings, and that active war crime tail swept out and turned bark to splinters with every lash.

I tried to time my openings, firing off occasional potshots at its blind spots wherever I could, but it worked its way around those too, vaulting off the fastest roots to dodge and let the beams sizzle harmlessly into the lake.

Tricky bastard.

On the bright side, so was I.

I risked a glance at Sai and nodded.

He didn't miss it, and another rumble coursed through the ground at our feet before a greater tide of roots began tearing through the rock, twice as many and thrice as frenzied.

The giant rodent didn't even try to fight this time - it kicked off the footing it had left and cleared the coming wave in one jump, and that was exactly what I was waiting for.

The moment it reached the apex of its rise, I took a page fresh out of its playbook and whistled.

"▅▅▅▂▅▂▄▅▃▃▄!"

The concentrated spike of horrific, off-key noise ripped out of my throat and hit Growly like a truck.

Its sulfurous eyes went wide, its ears flattened against its skull, and it flailed, dropping out of the sky like a sack of wet potatoes.

The writhing kicked up again as it fell, flesh and fur swelling out in ugly, uneven pockets as it tried to force its absorption trick to work on the fly - but good luck with that.

It wasn't a spell, but it wasn't pressure and frequency the way ordinary sounds were, either.

I wanted it to hurt, so it just did.

"Got ya!"

And so did Sairaorg's wooden spears, rocketing up towards it before it was even halfway down.

SHRIIIIK!

The sound of the spears ripping into it was wet and brutal, and its pained yowl was almost loud enough to wake the dead.

Credit where credit was due, though, because that still didn't put it down.

Somehow, it managed to bend enough that the worst of the damage came from grazes and fragments broken and lodged against its belly instead of punching all the way through.

The fall drove them in deeper, and you could just about feel it swallow another scream, but when my whistle cut off, Growly was up on its paws in no time flat, and practically frothing at the mouth with homicidal rage.

"Oh, come on." I almost threw my hands up in disgust. "What even are you!?"

And were those cuts regenerating-!?

It roared a proper battle cry and tensed, readying another blitz-

"Aarf!"

-only for the shadows under it to abruptly warp, swallowing both of its forelimbs up to the knee.

I grinned.

The otter panicked and scrambled back from the sudden drop, almost hurling itself out, and accidentally dragged up the hellhound who had his jaw clamped around one long, bristly leg.

Atta boy, Courage!

Growly tried to claw at him with its free paw, but my dog melted back into the darkness and darted away, popping up dead ahead and letting rip his own rumbling challenge.

Even three months ago, that wouldn't have been worth squat.

Now, it was more than intimidating enough to head off another attack, buying Sairaorg and me just enough time to box Growly in from the sides.

"!"

And just like that, we had ourselves a good old-fashioned three-on-one standoff.

Growly paused, glowering at us with a fresh dose of unadulterated bloodlust, and we glared right back.

Its muck-green fur bristled in jagged spikes, while my eyes narrowed, Sairaorg's fingers twitched against his sides, and Courage belted out a low, dangerous sound that had his breath steaming visibly against the cold mist.

For just one second, Growly's muscles coiled, and it almost seemed like it would spring at us again…

Then something changed.

"Grrr…"

It must have run the math and decided we weren't worth the trouble after all, because the battle stance flickered.

The sharp aura it gave off dimmed into something cold and resentful as it took a slow, glacial step back.

A retreat.

Those slitted eyes panned over us, fixing the three of us with one last look that seemed to scream 'next time, meat,' before it bolted.

It launched itself clear over our heads in a final jump, ducked another couple of blasts I hurled its way, and wove around one last surge of spiteful shrubbery from Sai as he tried to cut off its escape.

No dice.

Growly hit the bedrock running and dove headfirst back into the lake, slipping into the dark with barely a ripple to show for it.

By the time the surface settled, it was long gone, and that was that.

…

We didn't break formation yet, but the three of us all exchanged the same look.

Is it over-?

"Enough for now, I think."

We jerked a little, but that was all the reaction we had as Chiron trotted up through a cloud of mist like he was on the tail end of a jaunty little stroll and not... whatever this place was instead.

"Enough for now, I think."

"You mean we're not going to have to go after it for round two?"

I tried not to sound too hopeful, and smiled.

"Given that your opponent has rather conclusively thrown in the towel, the victory is already yours. Well done."

I punched the air and Sai groaned in relief… and something a good bit pained, too.

"Awesome." He held out a hand to me. "Fleece, please."

I glanced back at his wings again and winced.

That was some nasty tearing.

"Coming right up."

…

Ten minutes later, Chiron had lit us a fire, Courage was back in my shadow, and the two of us were dressed and patched up, good as new.

We sat around the flames knocking back sandwiches and fruit smoothies while we went over the fight again.

"The counter-whistle was a good touch."

I shrugged over a bite of PBJ.

"If you can't beat 'em, plagiarize 'em"

It worked for Theseus, after all.

Say what you will about the way his story ended, but between the Club-Bearer, the Line-Bender, the Cliff-Kicker and the Wrestler, that guy was legendary for defeating his enemies by turning their own tricks and traps against them.

Chiron nodded approvingly.

"Question - what was that thing?" Sai asked, draining his cup and going for seconds. "Because getting halfway shredded by an overgrown river weasel is going to sound a lot more embarrassing than it actually was if it doesn't have a cool name to go with all the claws."

And see, he wasn't wrong.

"Primarily? A Dobhar-chú," Chiron answered easily enough. "I encountered a small nest a few centuries ago in the Welsh countryside while visiting an old friend."

Dobhar-

I blinked.

"An Irish Otter-King?"

The library back at the estate had books on just about every magical beast and monster under the sun, and I'd burned through plenty of them during my downtime.

Most of them were interesting enough, and even the worst of'em doubled as awesome campfire stories for Katie and Alex.

Still...

I frowned.

"Hang on."

Sairaorg beat me to it.

"What would an Irish lake monster be doing in Wales?"

"Yeah," I nodded. "What he said."

It wasn't that the two were all that far apart - not even by mortal standards - but magical creatures tended to stay in their own backyards even without local powers like the Celtic equivalent of Aunt Artemis's Hunters laying down the law and wiping out any especially vicious stragglers.

Especially over there.

Back in their heyday, the British Isles -the old Isles of Men - had been a total madhouse, and this is coming from a Greek.

Your average peasant couldn't have swung a cat without hitting at least three different kinds of supernatural horror, and the horrors always swung back.

"The credit there belongs to a group of particularly enterprising flesh crafters we came upon at the time," he explained patiently. "They captured a handful of pure breeds through illicit means, and acquired other magical creatures from across the world - some through purchase and some through considerably less 'legal' means - before experimenting with them and their various traits in the hopes of creating a chimaera greater and more dangerous than the sum of its parts."

He paused.

"And, of course, more valuable."

"Valuable?"

Chiron shrugged.

"There is always a market for raw power, and the demand for living weapons is never lacking."

Which… sounded depressingly accurate, yeah.

Sai's face twisted, just like mine.

"So how'd this one end up here?"

I raised a hand too.

"And - again - where is here?"

He chuckled and snapped his fingers to refill all of our cups.

"This is an expanded spatial realm I helped craft for just that occasion - a self-sustaining artificial habitat to house the modified Dobhar-chú after their creators were… dealt with."

Both of us stopped mid-chew on our sandwiches, staring at him.

"And, as a pleasant benefit, it makes for a wonderful environment for some practical experience."

What'd I tell you?

Sadist centaur!

"How big exactly-?"

"Enough. The Dobhar-Chu need space to roam and hunt, and though they are far and away the apex predator of this particular patch water, they aren't the only inhabitants of the region."

That made Sai startle.

"Wait, there are other things around here?"

"Not anywhere close at the moment, but yes, of course." He took another slow drink. "A self-sustaining ecosystem requires a food chain, Sairaorg. The Dobhar-chú must eat something when overeager young heroes aren't trespassing on their territory."

"I'm pretty sure we were dragged here against our will, Teach. Practically kidnapping."

"Would you like to go back in the lake, Daniel?"

"And since kidnapping builds character, I wouldn't have it any other way!"

"I thought so."

Sai snorted, but he was still nodding along to the words.

"So it's sort of like a Familiar Forest?"

"The enclosures the children of your pillar nobility visit to contract creature-companions?" Chiron stroked his beard thoughtfully. "I suppose there are some similarities, yes"

Ooh, I knew this one too!

A few millennia ago and change, the original Barbatos - the Devil, not just the clan name - decided to take up competitive zookeeping as a hobby.

He was obsessed with collecting magical beasts and monsters from all over the world, especially from the territories the Devil armies raided during the old wars.

The critters - things that did a lot more than just go bump in the night - would end up imprisoned, trained into weapons of war, or scattered across the Barbatos clan territories and forgotten about until they were useful again.

Fast forward a few generations, and his descendants were famous across the Underworld for their demonic beast menageries and backyards stuffed to the brim with teeth and claws.

Eventually, they realized they were sitting on a goldmine, slapped some safety wards around the best territories, and started charging the rest of the Seventy-Two Pillars and the occasional outsider an arm and a leg for custom orders and the right to go monster-hunting for pets.

Presto: The Familiar Forests.

Great business model. Very profitable.

Or it was, right up until the devil civil war kicked off and the then Lord of the house, his heir, and just about every member of every branch family bar one or two all collectively caught a terrible case of 'Sirzechs Lucifer wants you to not exist anymore.'

Tragically, none of them made it.

After that, the survivors switched sides real quick and quiet, and gifted the New Satan regime a good chunk of their choicest lands as a gesture of goodwill, and the rest was history.

…Including the part where one of the strongest dragons to ever exist suddenly moved smack dab into the heart of those lands with no warning at all, but that was a whole other sort of circus.

Ask me again later.

"And your friend? The one you went out there to visit?

We both glanced at Sai.

"What? I can be curious too." He focused Chiron again. "You called him an old friend, so is he someone important? A spirit or god or something?"

"Far from it," Chiron chuckled, and for a fraction of a second, he flashed us that 'I know something you don't' look.

"He was a splendidly talented mage, and a few more things besides. I would be surprised if you hadn't heard of him before." His voice shifted to something a little considering then. "In truth, both of you would both be quite interested in meeting him for differing reasons beyond the obvious... but that is a proposition for another time."

Wait, what?

"Nevertheless."

He clapped his hands together and startled the thought out of us both.

"We'll leave off here today. Take the rest of the day off to recover and reflect."

"…"

"…"

That silence you're hearing?

Pure suspicion.

It was never that easy-

"You'll want to be well rested for tomorrow."

-And there it is!

"What happens tomorrow?"

He smiled, and Sai and I didn't.

"Chiron, what happens tomorrow!?"

Normally he'd have let us stew in our panic a little while longer, but for once, he let us off the hook early.

"I think it's about time we pay Esgaroth and the Lonely Mountain another visit, don't you think?"

"Esga-?"

I had to stop and do a full double-take in sync with Sai before either of us could speak again.

"Seriously?"

Chiron nodded firmly, and we both leaned back, stumped.

Huh.

I know we'd planned to go back and see how things were panning out after Smaug's death eventually, but between everything that had happened since and all the training in between, I'd pushed it to the back of my mind and forgotten all about it.

"It's been more than enough time for the situation to develop as it will, and though your role there began and ended with the dragon, it never hurts to double back and check one's work."

Sai and I agreed, and he seemed satisfied with that.

"Good. We'll have a look around, and perhaps make an attempt or two to better understand the mechanics of that remarkable ability of yours, Daniel. I have some theories as it is."

"Theories?"

He waved the question off on the first word.

"Later. I have some business to attend to, and you have an appointment of your own to keep."

I sat up a little straighter

Right.

"In a couple of hours, yeah."

It wasn't life or death, but it was important.

"Then you'll have plenty of time to freshen up, just as soon as you get back home."

Sai squinted warily.

"You're making it sound like we're not popping back with you."

"You aren't." Chiron agreed brightly, which was always a terrible sign. "Daniel needs to work on his spatial arrays."

I deflated and groaned.

"No."

"Yes." He almost sing-songed it back at me. "You need the practice."

And the thing is, I did.

Teleporting point-to-point in the mortal world was 'easy' enough, whether I was using divine thaumaturgy or spell circles, but the further apart you were, the more complicated the technical details got.

Math.

It was always math, and even though that wasn't a dealbreaker on its own - I loved magic and I refused to let calculus and algebra ruin it for me - traveling between spatial dimensions could get weird and twist the usual equations and formulas into pretzels the second you blinked.

Total migraine fuel, every time - and knowing Chiron, this place would be even harder to make measurements for because that's just how he would have built it.

What a drag.

"No cheating." He warned us pointedly, wagging a finger our way. "Or it'll be remedial lessons again, and none so gentle as this."

We paled - only an idiot wouldn't - and he chuckled, deep and from the chest.

"Oh, and do watch out for the company, please."

And just like that, the other shoe dropped, and things started happening way too quickly.

RUMBLE.

Sai jumped up at the exact same instant I did.

"I knew it! You said more than one! There's more of those things coming, damn it!"

I didn't even bother saying anything out loud.

I'd clocked that too, but I'd been hoping against hope that we'd somehow get a pass for once in our lives.

Demigod plans, and fate busts a gut.

"Hardly," Chiron derailed my train of thought completely, taking a leisurely sip from his mug. He looked entirely too entertained by our panic. "While its peers are certainly agitated now, your first opponent was among the fiercest of them - a leader of the herd, so to speak. With him scared off, none of the other adolescents will attack."

"Adolescents?!" Sai squawked.

RUUUMBLE.

The ground vibrated harder this time, sending tiny ripples across the surface of the lake.

Chiron didn't even spill a drop of his tea, and a little glint sparkled in his eyes as he stirred another sugar cube in for sweetness.

"Their mother, on the other hand…"

Mother-!?

An absolutely enormous, matted-furred limb tipped with curved, black claws breached the water with a deafening splash.

When it slammed down onto the shore - at least the size of a semi truck on its own - it hit it hard enough that the surrounding rock spiderwebbed with ridiculous fractures.

…Thaaaat's what we were sensing before.

I stared blankly.

Fair enough.

"Two hours, students of mine. Make them count."

Behind us, Chiron vanished into the mist like he was never there at all, and it was on.

"Seriously!" Sai yelled.

A second furry limb tore out of the lake, pulverizing the exact patch of dirt we'd been standing on as we bolted.

Then came the colossal, wet head with glowing, slit-pupiled eyes-

Nope, nope, nope.

I didn't stick around long enough to process what that alien death glare looked like.

"Scram!"

"Scramming!"

The two of us took off like bats out of hell, sprinting for dear life as Mama Growly bellowed a furious, earth-shaking roar and came right for us.

…​

It took an hour and a half, six near-death experiences, and the two of us nearly losing an arm and a leg respectively before we were finally home free.

All in all?

Still not as bad as The Chicken.

Then it was time to meet up with a new friend.

The National Archaeological Museum of Athens was only a couple of miles across town from Chiron's estate, which meant that I could've flipped a nickel into the air and been there and back again before it ever hit the ground.

I took the scenic route instead, parkouring across a couple stretches of rooftops and leaping through a few of leafy tree lines before hitting the pavement at a dead sprint and heading up from there.

Soon enough, the trees parted and the museum came into view - this massive, pastel yellow and pink building with a big stone plaza out front and a grand staircase leading up to the stone columns along the front wall.

All regal and fancy, minus the front steps crammed with pigeons, tourists ducking into the shade, and tour guides trying to keep'em all together.

"Shoot."

By the time I got a ticket - twenty minutes later - Lavinia had already been waiting for me for a little while.

I followed the familiar feeling of her presence - cool and muted, like shade on a hot day - and found her tucked away in a quiet side corridor branching off the main Mycenaean hall.

She was standing in front of a wall-mounted glass display case, staring at a pair of ancient bronze daggers inlaid with faded gold, but she looked up right as I turned the corner, and a wide, brilliant smile split across her face.

It suited her.

"Daniel!"

"Hi." I grinned and waved a little as I jogged up to her. "Sorry I'm late. There was a… pest control thing I had to deal with, and-"

"No, no. Don't worry," The smile didn't dim, and neither did its warmth. "You're right on time."

I glanced back toward the mounted clock near the entrance.

Fifteen minutes late.

"Thank Dad for that, then."

That made her snort, and my grin grew a little before smoothing out again.

"So," I said, keeping my voice low, and her expression evened out too.

"So?"

"For starters, how're you holding up?"

She didn't look bad, decked out in jeans, white trainers, and a light summer shirt - and with none of that desperate, exhausted energy from a week ago, either.

It made all the difference in the world.

"I am…" She hesitated, thinking. "… adapting."

"Fair."

If you haven't caught on yet, I'll just come out and say it.
Aunt Artemis had taken Lavinia under her protection, and it hadn't taken much - or any - convincing to pull that one off.

Between the Longinus, her innocence in the Oz fiasco, and the genuinely gods-awful hand Fate had dealt her, Aunt A had barely blinked when I asked her for a favor.

Odds are she hadn't even finished hearing us out before agreeing.

Now, Lavinia wasn't technically a Huntress, but she could train with them, study under them, and she had the run of Greece and the surrounding territories our pantheon ruled… within reason, obviously.

She wouldn't be walking into Olympus or anything anytime soon, but she had plenty of legroom outside of that.

She could also go back to Grauzauberer whenever she wanted with my aunt as her sponsor - good luck trying to stress test that, ya weasels - but for now…

Well, everything was huge and needed some getting used to, no matter how kindly she was being eased into it.

It's why I checked in on her every couple of days.

"It's all a bit overwhelming," she admitted, her eyes trailing over a glass case of bronze arrowheads.

"A good overwhelming, at least?"

Her brow quirked. "There's a 'good' kind of overwhelming?"

I nodded very seriously.

"Absolutely. Take it from a guy who constantly lives his life somewhere between 'too much' and 'seriously, why?' - there's always a sliding scale to this stuff."

That got me another smile.

"Good overwhelming it is, then."

"Awesome."

And I meant it, too.

"I do like my new home." She added, tucking a strand of hair behind her ear. "The apartment has a lovely view of the sea."

"Scenic?"

"Very."

"Sounds about right." I threw her a thumbs-up. "We Greeks are crazy about dramatic effect, you know. If a place doesn't look postcard-worthy, it might as well be a dump."

She giggled, and I almost missed a step.

Couldn't tell you why, but man was it embarrassing.

Get it together, Winchester.

"Anything you need help with?" I asked, clearing my throat. "I'm only ever a call away-"

"No," she said gently. "The Hunters have been… very kind. Really."

"Good. I'm glad."

And for a while, that was it.

I could talk all the live long day if I wanted to, but for some reason, finding stuff to say around Lavinia was harder than with anyone else.

My tongue kept getting completely clumsy for no good reason.

At least she seemed to be in the same boat.

We walked along the museum exhibits in silence for a minute, our sneakers squeaking against the polished floor, before she tried to open the conversation back up again.

"I guess being here must feel like an inside joke to you," she said, glancing around. "Or a bit awkward, maybe?"

I blinked at her. "Come again?"

"The museum," she explained, gesturing up toward a display set on the wall - a giant Mycenaean mural of Poseidon, crowned as King of the Gods. "The inaccuracies. Standing in a crowd of people who see it all as myth and fiction."

"Oh." I looked up at the wall, then back at her, rubbing the back of my neck. "Not really? I don't think I've ever given it that much thought."

She blinked, looking a little surprised. "Truly?"

"Yeah. I mean, the myth-and-fiction part is just everyday life at this point," I said, looking back up at the faded plaster artwork. There was no mistaking the guy sitting on the main throne in the center - golden crown, trident in hand, surrounded by a crowd of kneeling worshipers. "And as for the inaccuracies... well, it's not like it's all off-base."

Lavinia blinked.

"Pardon?"

I tilted my head at the mural.

"That one's pretty light on the details, but Poseidon was on the throne for a hot minute."

Or not quite, but he sure gave it his best shot, and then some.

"…"

She was looking at me funny.

"What?"

Then I remembered that what I knew wasn't exactly common knowledge, not all of it.

Not everyone had Chiron for a teacher.

"The Earth-Shaker was…" Her face twisted when I nodded. "But that doesn't make sense. I thought the Titanomachy and the crowning of Zeus Olympios as first and supreme king of the gods was fact."

"And it is." I agreed. "My grandfather freed his siblings and overthrew the Titans, replacing them as rulers of the universe with him as top dog."

"Then how-?"

"Because the mortals don't have all the facts."

There were stories about Poseidon having a stint ruling the heavens, and no matter what anyone tells you, they were right.

They just got the timing wrong.

"Zeus was crowned. Ruled for a bit. Then things got messy."

"… In what way?"

Just about all of'em, I almost said, but that wasn't the answer she wanted.

Why not?

There was a light in her eyes I usually only saw in the mirror, and this was the kind of trivia I lived for anyway.

"It's a long story, but if we're going to get into it, I should ask you a question first."

She practically jumped to agree, and it nearly made me grin again.

"Have you ever wondered why, with so many big pantheons in the world - Greek, Norse, Hindu, Abrahamic-" I waved a little. "-And all the rest, you never hear about them running into each other in the old myths?"

Her nod melted into a curious frown, but she didn't interrupt.

"Because I can tell you right now, it wasn't because of politics or because the pantheons are that good at cleaning up or rewriting their own histories."

Sure, if you looked deep and long enough, you could trip over some story of a plucky hero or bored god or anything in between 'switching lanes' and kicking a hornet's nest or two, but that was small potatoes in the long run.

…

The real reason was a lot bigger than that.

A lot.

"It's because, even though those stories were happening on the same planet?" I trailed off, and she leaned in like she was itching for the punchline. "They were also happening in their own Worlds."

She froze.

"What?"

"You heard me."

I couldn't blame her for the double-take.

It took me a while to wrap my head around it too, after Dad finally opened up on that whole 'the world used to be bigger' thing.

Turns out, that was very literal.

"Once upon a time, the realms and aspects of creation ruled over by every great pantheon you can think of - and probably a few you can't - existed in their own little 'bubble' of reality, completely separated from the rest.'

"As in different dimensions?"

"Nope." I shook my head. "But it's a good place to start from."

I wasn't sure even I understood much past that, but Chiron said - and I'm quoting here, word for word - 'They were akin to individual universes in miniature, supported by unique Foundations and the powers that governed them.'

Everything back then was more, in a way. The rules were different and changed completely depending on what 'World' you were in.

Time. Space.

Life and Death.

Time again, because there's a reason the gods who ruled over it are almost always the scariest of them all.

Lavinia's eyes went wide, staring at the floor as her mouth opened and closed silently, trying to catch up.

"That explains so much," she whispered in awe, before the flood gates cracked open entirely. "There were theories... a thousand different arguments for things that couldn't possibly be true... but... this can't be true anymore, either."

"Yeah."

"The entire world doesn't work that way in the modern day."

"Yep."

"Then what changed?"

"They were bubbles, right?"

She nodded, and I shrugged helplessly.

"They popped."

Which sounds like a joke, except it totally wasn't.

All I know is that the Great Flood - the Biblical one - had something to do with it, but Chiron, Dad, and Aunt Artemis wouldn't tell me what actually went down there no matter how many times I tried to bring it up.

"But how?" she pressed.

"No clue."

Her face fell, and I couldn't help but wince.

"Super annoying, right? I'm sorry."

"No, this is fascinating." She shook her head vehemently. "I just have so many questions - goodness, I wish I could take notes."

That was familiar too.

"If it's notes you want, we should probably be sitting down for this," I said, tossing a thumb over my shoulder. "Pretty sure I saw a café with a garden out that way. Iced tea, my treat?"

She blinked in surprise, then gave me this happy little look that made the skin on the back of my neck feel weirdly warm.
Weird, that.

"I'd like that," she said.

"Great."

We started heading toward the exit.

"Don't stress the bubble-world details too much, by the way," I told her as we walked. "I only brought it up because it's the only way to explain why the story I'm about to tell you sounds totally wrong compared to the usual myths."

Poseidon's ancient grab for the crown?

That whole nightmare started way back, and believe it or not, it had almost nothing to do with the guy to begin with.

Or Zeus, while we're on that, or any of the other big-name Olympians, except Demeter in act two.

No, this whole fiasco started with another goddess entirely.

The Underworld's very own Dread Queen.

Persephone

…​

Let's take this from the top:

In the era that dawned right after the Titanomachy and the beginning of Olympian rule, Persephone was one of the first goddesses born to the new age, and she was...

Look, I have no idea where some of the modern stories of her being an innocent flower girl whose kidnapping nearly destroyed everything came from, because they got a lot more wrong than they ever did right.

If anyone was going to wreck the world, it'd have been her, all by herself.

Back in the day, people usually just called her Kore.

Which doesn't make a lot of sense at first glance, because that epithet just translates to 'Daughter' or 'Maiden', and plenty of other goddesses and daimones fit the bill, but they were maidens, plural.

As far as the folks around her were concerned, Persephone was THE Maiden.

As in, the most dangerous one of them all.

A wild, untamed adventurer and fierce warrior in the making, she heeded nothing and no one, rampaging through the world however and whenever she pleased - and even that doesn't do her justice.

Persephone could be your best friend before breakfast and your worst enemy by lunch, and only her mother, Demeter, was spared the worst of the whiplash.

Or maybe she got the worst of it, and everyone else was just too scared to say anything about it.

Either way, that whole attitude was definitely more of a nature-versus-nurture thing, given that Zeus, her father, had absolutely nothing to do with raising her.

See, the way she'd been conceived was... well, it was an ugly thing. And even though Zeus and Demeter made peace eventually, it was built on the mutual agreement of staying way, way clear of one another.

Demeter especially wanted him nowhere near their kid, and Zeus was only too happy to agree. So Persephone got all the gold and glory of being a child of the Thunderer, with none of the actual oversight.

Surprise, surprise - that caused problems.

To be fair, Demeter did try to rein her in, but again, Persephone started wild and only took off from there.

So, predictably, a tale as old as time goes down.

Protective mother grounds rebellious teenage daughter.

Rebellious teenage daughter cusses her out, marches up the stairs and slams her bedroom door shut.

Then she sneaks out.

Which is where the story takes a twist.

Most girls would sneak out to the movies, or to that one boyfriend's house who they think is 'deep' and 'soulful' but justcomes off as an insufferable douchebag to everybody else.

Persephone, though?

She decided to go to the Underworld.

Now, reminder: This was right after the Titanomachy, when the rule of the gods was almost as young as she was.

The Underworld of that era wasn't the orderly kingdom it would become later down the line.

Matter of fact, Hades had only just descended and started whipping the place into shape, and a good chunk of it was still a festering cesspit of chthonic weirdness, ancient monstrosities, and all kinds of bad juju.

Persephone descended, saw all of that, and her reaction was something along the lines of 'Great stuff, but why not more?'

So she cut a bloody swathe through the place, drenched herself in the blood of her new and newly deceased enemies, and leapt off the edge of the Underworld and into Tartarus itself.

…

What can I even say here?

To this day, no one even has a straight answer on why.

It was pure, unhinged lunacy through and through, so of course it was right up Persephone's alley - but enough about that for now.

After she took a swan dive into the Pit Of Creation, Hades himself got wind of what had happened.

Maybe a servant sent word to him, or maybe he'd seen it himself but been unable to stop it.

Whatever it was, he didn't just sit around twiddling his thumbs - no, he marched straight out of his new crib and up to Mount Olympus.

When the Lord of the Dead materialized smack in the middle of the throne room, unannounced and practically radiating bad vibes, you knew things were about to go down.

He marched right up to Zeus, who was leaning back and soaking in all the hype, and went:

"Dude. Your kid. My basement. What in the literal super hell gives?"

After a spit-take, Zeus probably threw his hands up and went:

"I dunno, man. It's Persephone."

Which was a horribly valid answer, but Hades still had to resist the urge to strangle him right then and there.

They went back and forth for a little while, before Hades finally took a deep breath and got serious.

"I would set my realm to order. After that, give me leave to pursue your daughter."

Now, the wording here isn't exact - duh - but the meaning is important.

Somehow, people down the line got the idea that this was Hades asking for Persephone's hand in marriage with Zeus agreeing eventually, and not him going "Let me track down your lunatic kid before she gets herself killed, or gets herself killed and stirs up some primeval abomination from the depths of the pit."

Probably a gossiping wind spirit getting the story wrong or something.

The only part of this mess the historians did get right was the brothers agreeing not to tell Demeter what was going on.

Stupid, that - but you could also kinda see where they were coming from.

"Hey, Sis! I know we don't talk anymore for very good reasons, but I just wanted to let you know that your missing child just took a header into the evilest place in all of creation. Toodles!"

That would have gone over real well.

The only thing guaranteed to make the situation worse was another Olympian leaping into the Pit to find the rogue goddess regardless of the danger, so mum was the word there.

Meanwhile, back in the mortal world, Demeter had been running herself ragged trying to find her daughter.

And when I say running herself ragged, I don't mean she was just knocking on doors and putting up MISSING posters on phone poles.

She poured her essence into every corner of the known world, bleeding her power through the dirt, the roots, the forests, and the fields - basically infusing all of Greece with the stuff, trying to light up a connection to Persephone.

Nothing. Not a blip.

Because, you know, Persephone was busy doing parkour in the literal abyss.

It was useless, and spending all that power burned Demeter down to the quick.

Even gods can get tired, and spent, drained, and completely out of options, she finally collapsed out of the sky and crashed into the mortal realm.

Specifically, she landed as an exhausted, weeping mess on a lonely, quiet beach.

A pale ghost of herself, with the waves lapping at her feet.

That was where Poseidon found her.

…

What came next…

I almost wish I didn't know this part.

This was the Lord of the Sea at the height of his power, having just finished conquering his kingdom.

He beat back the monstrous gods Phorcys and Keto and hurled them into the Pit, routed out the last of the sea daimones and beasts, and had proven himself an all-around mighty King.

And kings back then weren't in the habit of taking no for an answer.

Poseidon had always considered Demeter beautiful, and she wanted nothing to do with him, and with her so vulnerable…

You see where this is going, and you might have even heard the story before.

She turned into a mare to try and escape, and he followed as a horse, and…

In the end, it was the Persephone situation all over again, and every bit as terrible.

When the deed was done, Poseidon slunk back off to his domain, leaving Demeter alone in the dirt. It took everything she had, but she eventually mustered the strength to crawl to a secluded cave and trap herself inside, hiding from the world.

She even ended up having a couple of kids in that cave, but we'll circle back to them later.

The important thing is what happened afterward. Trapped in the pitch-black cave, suffocating under a mountain of anger, disgust, loathing, and utter helplessness - made so much worse by the fact that she still hadn't found her daughter - she snapped.

Remember all that divine power she'd spent pouring into the earth earlier?

It was still out there, infused into everything. And now, the second she really lost it, it twisted in on itself.
Demeter was the goddess of the harvest, and a harvest is all about life, growth, and prosperity.

Her grief completely turned those concepts inside out, and the world began to starve, rot, and decay as her pain poisoned it all at the very roots.

Even the gods felt it.

The main Olympians were strong enough to tough it out, but the lesser divine spirits - dryads, satyrs, river nymphs, and everything in between - were having a really sucky time.

They were hit with ravenous, poisonous hunger and a soul-deep emptiness that ruined everything they touched.

At least the humans got the mercy of dying from starvation relatively quickly.

The immortals had no such luck - they were forced to just sit there and endure the unending misery.

It got so bad, so fast, that Zeus finally had to step in.

He descended to Demeter's cave, backed by a small army of desperate Olympic daimones and cloud spirits, and immediately started trying to calm her down for the sake of the world.

Which was… let's say brave, considering their history, but the craziest thing of all?

He actually nearly pulled it off.

The daimones and spirits begging her, I can understand, but I don't even know what Zeus had to promise to work that miracle.

An apology from Poseidon was not happening - and that arrogance was going to lead to disaster, just watch - but maybe Zeus agreed to kick his teeth in for her when he had the chance?

Dedicate all of Olympus to finding Persephone?

Something else?

Whatever it was, he almost cracked it.

He was right near the finish line, in fact, when everything went wrong.

Because down in the Underworld, Persephone had finally risen from the depths of Tartarus.

Time didn't work the same way down there, so even though it had been a while since she jumped in, it felt even longer for her.

She rose from the Pit - older and stronger, changed, and greater and more terrible than ever before.

Her powers had grown and warped, and at her feet knelt the Erinyes - the Three Furies themselves - pledging eternal loyalty to their newly ascended Dread Queen.

The Underworld itself trembled at her footsteps, and Hades was the first of the gods to lay eyes on her.

And boy, did he.

The Rich One took one look at this terrifying goddess steeped in unholy power, and did the most Greek thing he possibly could.

He fell in love.

Head over heels. Instantly. No take-backs - but more on that later.

In the middle of all this, Persephone found out what had happened while she was gone.

She learned that her mother - who she loved above all others, arguments or no - had been attacked.

Hurt.

Demeaned.

Defiled.

And all because Demeter had been left weakened searching for Persephone herself.


And all. Hell. Broke. L̵̫͎̪̜̼͔̮̹̲̘̃͛͗̀͆̐̂͘͜ȏ̴̡̬̗͚̮̠̏̒͑̒̅́͝͝͠͝ͅo̷͓̥̤͛̓̊͗́́̄̄͘ŝ̴̟̘͔̦̘̻͎̭̲̉̌͒ẹ̶͓̩̩͈̣̩̖̲͓̹̙̫̾̈̽͗́͑͐̅̚͜͜!̸̞̪̙̦̦̋̔̀̌̔̈́̈́̂̅̕͝ͅ



…​

The voice that eventually interrupted my story came out of nowhere.

Lavinia and I had been sitting at a quiet table at the back of the cafe, sipping our drinks through multi-colored straws and going over it piece by piece—the look of stunned wonder she was giving me was a whole experience, I tell you—when a stranger cut me off.

"Lavinia?"

She startled, snapping out of her undivided attention, and I nearly summoned Serpent's Downfall right then and there.

The woman who stepped into my line of sight wasn't anything special, at first glance.

Tall and slender, with rich bronze skin and bright eyes. Her hair was pulled back in a low ponytail, dark and curly, and she was wearing a light coat over a purple turtleneck and jeans.

She blended in with the tourists just fine, and I hadn't sensed her until she was almost right on top of us.

My eyes narrowed.

Huntress.

She had that same feeling Aunt A's people gave off, but there was something else to it too.

Something more.

If she was put off by my look, she didn't show it.

In fact, her smile was all bright and polite, and it looked like she was about to introduce herself before Lavinia beat her to it.

"Hyperoache?"

The woman turned her attention to Lavinia, and I blinked.

"Is this your escort?"

I knew she never went anywhere without one, on the off-chance that the Utsusemi losers or the Fallen tried to pull a fast one, but by the time I glanced back at her, she'd already given me a small nod, almost a bow.

It was subtle, but there was no mistaking the respect behind it.

"'Hyperoache?'"

I… recognised that name.

"Yes, young lord. An honor to make your acquaintance."

…

Okay.

That kind of confirmed it - The formality, I mean, but I asked anyway.

"You wouldn't happen to have a sister called Laodice?"

Her smile brightened.

"I do indeed."

Called it.

"Nice to meet you too." I tried to return her little half-bow. "And thank you for your service?"

She was a Hyperborean - and not just any old one, either.

Hyperoache and her sister Laoadice were both devotees of Dad and Aunt A - Aunt A especially - who were so dedicated to the bit that they got the Heracles treatment after death and were rewarded with immortality for their troubles.

She inclined her head again.

"Your thanks are appreciated, young lord."

Something about the way she said it made me think she actually meant it.

Then she turned back to Lavinia.

"I hope I'm not interrupting?"

Lavinia blinked, then glanced toward the café clock on the far wall, and her cheeks went a rosy pink.

"No. I'm sorry, we just lost track of time."

She looked back at me, and I waited patiently.

"Somewhere you need to be?"

"Grauzauberer."

"...What?"

Why would she ever-?

"My old home, not the organization itself," she explained quickly. "Hyperoache was accompanying me to get some things and close it off."

"Oh."

That made sense.

"My bad, then." I gave Hyperoache another polite smile. "I was the one who kept talking."

"And I wish you hadn't stopped."

…

There was a split second of silence -just long enough for Lavinia to realize she'd muttered that just a little too loud - and then she went from red to crimson.

"I mean-!" The words basically sprinted out of her mouth. "It was just... incredibly interesting! I didn't realize how much I didn't know-how much I couldn't even imagine."

"I... totally get that."

Poker face, poker face, poker face!

Somewhere up on Olympus, Dad was probably looking down here and howling with laughter, and it was entirely because I was praying my face wasn't turning the same shade as hers.

"So." I coughed into my fist and tried to play it cool. "Raincheck?"

"Raincheck." She agreed just as fast.

Hyperoache might've snorted off to the side, but there was no chance I was catching her in the act, so why even try?

I take it back.

Please let Dad not be looking.

Lavinia was still staring down at the table when the flush in her cheeks finally started to fade.

But it wasn't because she'd recovered.

I felt the shift almost immediately.

"Lavinia?"

She didn't answer right away.

Instead, her eyes drifted past me toward the Hyperborean in the room, and I followed the motion.

She'd been standing a few feet away this whole time, watching us talk, but that faded into something a little too solemn when Lavinia looked at her.

She felt it too.

"Is something wrong?"

Lavinia hesitated.

Then, quietly:

"I'll be right along. I only need a minute?"

"Of course."

Hyperoache gave her a gentle nod, then offered me a slightly deeper one.

"Until we meet again, young lord."

And just like that, she turned and walked away.

I watched her disappear into the crowd, slipping between tourists and tables without ever breaking stride until she was simply... gone.

One of Aunt A's heavy hitters and all.

I'd have liked to have talked to her some more, but I already had someone else to focus on.

When I looked back, Lavinia was slowly getting to her feet.

She straightened her shirt, smoothed down her hair, then looked at me.

And then, out of nowhere, she also tipped her head in something like a bow.

"I'm sorry."

"Come again?"

The heck was this about?

"I never thanked you."

"For what?"

"For saving me."

"Oh." I almost laughed. "You didn't have to-"

"I did."

She said it so firmly that I stopped.

"After I woke up, I was so dazed, and then everything that happened..." Her fingers tightened slightly against the edge of the table. "It only really came to me last night, and I wanted to make that right."

"You didn't have to," I tried again, but she wasn't having it.

"No." She took a deep breath. "I also wanted to apologize to you for something else."

I frowned.

Now what?

"Glenda."

...

"Okay." I pushed my chair back and put my hands on my knees. "That, you're going to have to explain."

"She said some cruel things to you, down in Cocytus. It was unsightly and undeserved, and even though I know you're not one for empty platitudes, it didn't feel right not to apologize."

She finally looked up, and eyes met mine again.

"Not on her behalf. But from meanyway, for whatever that's worth."

Plenty.

It was worth plenty, but at the same time...

"You, with all your gifted potential... you are of them, not us. Whatever achievements you have... whatever glory you may hoard... all of it will always exist solely on the merits of your inherited divinity, and nothing more."

I'd almost forgotten about that total garbage.

"Thank you, really, but there's nothing to apologize for." I tried to play the heaviness off with a joke. "It's like every bad guy and wanna-be I've ever fought reads off the same script, honestly. Zero originality."

It fell flat.

I could tell, because it was right there on her face, clear as day.

"I should go catch up with Hyperoache." She hesitated, one last time. "Same time next week?"

"Make it two weeks, because I might be out of town for a little while." I offered. "But yeah, for sure. We have a story to finish."

That seemed to cheer her up a little, and she turned to follow Hyperoache.

Just like that, I was alone at the little table.

Then I slumped into my seat.

"Really closed off on a high note there."

I couldn't blame her for not wanting to talk about it - that would have been all kinds of rich, coming from me.

Still, I meant it.

"You are not human."

You don't say, you evil old hag.

Glenda Silverbrook's spite was worth all of jack to met… just maybe not for the reasons she or anyone like her would have expected.

I'd have said as much to Lavinia, but the words had stuck on the tip of my tongue.

This time, anyway.

I shook my head and got up.

There was always next time.

For now, I had to start packing for another little side quest instead.


...​

"Oh. It's you."

I didn't need it, but teleporting home gave me conclusive proof that my time with Lavinia was going to be the highlight of my day, hands down.

Why?

Because Regulus was back.

I reappeared in the garden, and there was Sairaorg, munching his way through a bag of candy and leaning back against the tree.

The big, lousy cat was sprawled in the shade along its other side, though he did crack open an eye when I appeared.

"Sun Brat."

"Kill-stealer. Back already?"

"You blind as well as stupid now?"

"More wondering why you didn't stay away, actually. Did slaughtering all the defenseless demonic wildlife get boring?"

He snorted, his maw shifting into a glinting glare of fangs. "The strongest of them died first. The rest were wimps. They reminded me of you."

"That right?"

"Mowing them down was good for the meat, if nothing else, but there's only so much time you can waste on trash before culling it is more effort than it's worth."

"Interesting."

My smile was half poison.

"Well, on your next sabbatical, you should go further out. Maybe swing by the Dimensional Gap? I hear there's a big red dragon there who'd love to meet you."

He bared his teeth at me some more

"What? Not your speed?" I asked innocently. "I thought you liked a challenge."

"You understand I can and will kill you, yes?"

"Probably." I made a show of adjusting my storage band, then slowly wiping my nails against my shirt. "Shame you couldn't kill the last demigod who came at you with an attitude, though. Maybe then your greatest contribution to Greek history and civilization wouldn't have been an over glorified fur coat."

That got a full-on growl, before the sound of Sai snickering pulled us out of the glaring contest and onto him.

Then I clocked something else.

"Wait, are those Skittles?" My voice went a little high. "Are those my Skittles?"

Sai just smirked and emptied out the rest of the bag. "I'm sorry, were these important? Whoops."

"…"

"Sure hope the other eight packets in your room weren't as well, because they're gone too."

"You-!"

I stopped.

He smirked harder.

"You're doing this because of the Snickers, aren't you?"

"Never heard of 'em."

Then he popped the last handful into his mouth, and looked me dead in the eye as he chewed.

"Oh, for Rhea's sake." I sighed. "Fine, but now we're even. Anything else and it's war."

Maybe he'd even shut up about the letter now.

"Done."

"Done!"

We nodded very seriously, and that should have been the end of it, but Sai waited just long enough for me to turn around before springing the real trap.

"You never did answer my question, though," he said, all casual and everything.

I stopped again.

"Were these Skittles important?"

…I don't like his tone.

Why do I not like his tone?

"What-?"

"Did you want to share them with anyone? Your cousins, maybe?" The glee in his voice was the mother of all red flags. "How about this Lavinia girl I still haven't met yet?"

I stiffened and slowly turned around. "Sai."

"What? I'm just saying, you did call her 'the prettiest girl you've ever met.'"

"I told you that by accident!"

"-and considering how much you've raved about her in the week you've known her-"

"Because we were attacked and fought together!"

"-look, all I'm saying is, if she's anything like you've talked about, you could do worse."

"Bael, I have a Longinus and I'm not afraid to use it!"

"Woah!" He laughed and held up his hands. "I'm not trying to give you hard time. After all, since you're Greek, I should probably just be glad she's not your siste-"

I tore across the grass and hurled myself at him so fast we exploded through the tree behind him.

"Shut up!"

"Make me, loser!"

Regulus only grunted as the splintered bark bounced off of him and we started brawling right then and there.

"Back for five minutes, and it's already Dumb and Dumber out the jack-box. Typical."

...​

Later, when we were done kicking each other up and down the place and covering up the evidence before Chiron could murder us, I finally started prepping my go-bag for Esgaroth.

It wasn't all that different from the pack I took with me on the Fleece Quest - I even ended up taking most of the same stuff.

Toothbrush, change of clothes, enough gold and jewels to buy a small town or two, alchemical potions, random loot, and a handful of spare weapons from Chiron's armoury on the off-chance I ended up needing them.

Nothing on the level of my usual stuff, but better safe than sorry anyway.

It was only when I was grabbing a spare hoodie out of my closet that I saw it.

A long, narrow bundle wrapped in dark oilcloth, tucked away behind the rest of my clothes.

I whistled and pulled it out into the light.

"There you are."

Chiron had given it to me on the last Quest, and it… wasn't a weapon, technically.

I mean, it was, but it was supposed to have been part of a bigger, flashier contingency plan just in case things had gone pear-shaped, but I ended up never needing it, and when we got back, I just stuck it in here and left it to pick up dust.

I thought about it for a second before shrugging and vanishing it into my storage band in a flash of light.

Might as well.

After all, I really did want to practice that spell.

Preferably far, far away from Sairaorg.

I had to resist the urge every now and then, but accidentally vaporizing my best friend would be a total bummer.

…​

And then we were ready.

…​



The next day dawned bright and early, like it always did.

Chiron, Sai, and I had already finished breakfast and made it out into the crisp morning air by the time the first rays of sunlight broke over the horizon.

Regulus was there too.

Because apparently I couldn't have nice things, and he was coming with us.

Sairaorg had laughed like a hyena when he'd heard.

I just ignored the stupid cat, and took one last look at the sun instead.

"See ya in a bit, Dad."

For a moment, nothing happened.

Then I felt it - A flicker of warmth descending from above.

A little of his attention.

For some reason, it made something in my stomach squirm.

Not badly - it was comforting. Golden and soft, and not even a little overbearing.

Which somehow made it worse.

We should have lunch when I get back.

I hesitated, before biting the bullet and shaking my head.

Go bowling. Maybe have a... talk.

I didn't say anything else - and I refused to think about it anymore.

Still, for just a second, I could almost imagine the warmth pulsing.

Surprise.

Then it doubled down, hitting me with an extra dose of sunny goodness that was so blatantly Dad that it made me crack up.

"Yeah, yeah. Thanks."

I turned back toward the others, who were all waiting on me to start.

"Good morning, and thank you for choosing Winchester Airlines today."

Chiron's sighed, Sai palmed his face, and Regulus looked like he already regretted coming.

Heh.

"We'd like to remind you never to unfasten your seatbelts - don't let go of one another, ever - and that there will be no refreshments aboard this flight."

I pointed at Regulus.

"Kill-Stealer, if you want to let go, by all means."

"One day, brat. One day."

I grinned and flared my power.

Focusing on the memory of Esgaroth was easy.

All I had to do was think about that merry goose chase we led the town guard on last time, and the image crystallized in my head.

Bingo.

"And away we go!"

With that, space parted, and I tipped us headfirst into the chaos between worlds.

…

Light. Shapes. Infinity and Eternity hand in hand.

…​

Something's wrong.

The moment we landed, it was unmistakable.

There was some light, but it was swallowed almost immediately by an ocean of mist and fog stretching out in every direction.

Cold mist, too.

A normal person would have barely been able to make out anything more than a few dozen feet ahead of them, and what I could see wasn't exactly reassuring.

Esgaroth was a lakeside town, but this was different.

The closest wooden houses were dark and silent, their doors cracked or left wide open. Some looked like they'd been forgotten in the middle of whatever their owners had been doing.

The streets were abandoned too, and the rickety bridges linking up the bigger buildings weren't any better.

Eerily quiet and empty.

It was early, sure, but not that early.

And then I caught the scent.

Heavy and metallic, almost rust-like.

My stomach tightened.

Blood.

Lots and lots of it.

"What the...?"

Sairaorg got there first.

"What happened here?"

"Nothing good, I imagine." Chiron's voice was impassive as his eyes panned across the fog. "There has been a great deal of death in this place, and quite recently at that."

Sai and I paled.

The people…

Suddenly, Regulus's easy stance melted into something sharper, and his head tilted to one side.

"Incoming."

He didn't have to explain more - Chiron already knew, and Sairaorg and I picked up on them at the same time.

A group of unknowns heading towards at speed - a little over the mortal kind, but nothing impressive - and just about radiating a thick, obvious miasma of wrongness.

Sick and full of bloodlust.

We didn't have to wait long before the shapes began to push through the mist.

They had broad shoulders, hunched backs, and weapons jutting at odd angles.

Humanoid, then, but that didn't mean anything.

They were squat and built on the heavy side, with long arms and ugly, gnarled faces complete with jutting brows, flattened noses, and mouths full of yellowed, uneven teeth. Their skin ran through a spectrum from bland gray to muddy brown, stretched tight over muscles and what should have been a lethal amount of scars.

Their amour was mismatched and battered, mostly in iron and leather, with the occasional rusted plate, thick belts, and scraps of chain that clattered as they headed towards us.

Some of them had jagged, badly made swords. A few had axes, spears, and even some bows that looked like they'd been an insult to the entire domain of archery a hundred years ago, and were now an insult period.

Over a dozen all in all, and leading them was something even nastier.

A massive, shaggy wolf padded through the fog beneath a rider, with mottled grey and shoulders two heads higher than mine. Its jaws hung open as it breathed, strings of glistening drool dangling between its rows of teeth.

The rider looked down at us, and even through the gnarly looking helmet, I could tell he was no prettier than his buddies

Up close, the feeling they all gave off was even worse, somehow.

Everything about them was hideous, and I don't just mean their faces.

"Greetings," Chiron said before anyone else could speak.

Probably because Regulus looked like he'd smelled something that crawled out of the world's nastiest sewage plant while Sai and I were both still trying to figure out exactly what the hell we were staring at.

"Might I trouble you-"

"Hah!" The rider's laugh was like a cheese grater to the eardrums. "A good hunt today!"

My translation spell did its job, which means I understood ever word.

Unfortunately, the voice it gave me still sounded like a chainsaw grinding against a rusty car engine.

"More meat for the pits."

The others laughed like he'd just delivered the greatest joke ever told.

The rider - the leader - bared his teeth at us in a grin, then his eyes shifted toward Regulus.

His smile widened.

"Bring them. And bring the beast. I'll have its pelt for a rug."

The wolf-thing growled.

Apparently, that was supposed to be intimidating.

Regulus wasn't impressed, and neither were we.

Then one of the bastards - apparently the overachiever of the bunch - raised his bow.

Twang.

The arrow might as well have been moving at slow motion. I plucked it out of the air before it could shatter against Sai's forehead, and the entire group froze.

The leader's eyes narrowed.

Even the beast seemed to hesitate.

I looked down at the arrow in my hand.

It gave me a bad feeling, and something about the way the arrow head caught what little light there was spelled bad news.

Poison, then?

"That was a bit rude, don't ya think?"

The leader's gaze widened, and most of them startled some more.

"You speak-?"

"Yeah, I do."

I rolled my neck, and gave him that one smile I always used when I was starting to get really mad.

Beside me, Sai clenched his fists and stepped up next to me..

"And I'm still talking," I continued when no one else said anything. "So can it and listen."

A few more shifted uneasily, and the leader's expression started turning red beneath all that ugly skin.

"My teacher is right here."

I pointed at Chiron - calm and unbothered - and then I held up the arrow and gave it a little wave.

"So I'm going to be extra nice and give you one chance to surrender, and tell me what the hell happened to this town and everyone who lived here.

I tightened my grip, and the shaft creaked.

"After that?"

My smile disappeared.

"We do this the hard way, and we still get our answers anyway."

Silence.

"What do you say?"

Nothing, as it turned out.

The goons shifted uneasily.

The leader's expression kept darkening, the fury clearly building by the second, and the wolf beneath him shuffled its paws, more drool dripping from its jaws as the twisted hunger rolled off the thing in waves.

And then the moment snapped, and he cursed at us so hard it had spittle flying everywhere.

Disgusting.

"Kill them all- Hurk!"

That's as far as he got before the command ended in a wet choke, courtesy of the arrow shaft buried through his eye, the force hurling him sideways out of the saddle.

He toppled from the beast and hit the ground.

For one beautiful second, everyone just stared.

Sai just threw me a quick high five.

"Nice."

"Thanks, man."

Then the wolf finally seemed to catch up, and let rip an enraged howl before charging straight at me.

The shadows at my feet answered that one, erupting upward in a black blur, and Courage came tearing out of them with a roar that made the thing's battle cry look like a whimper in comparison.

Its eyes had time to widen in panic, and then my hellhound crashed into it and dragged it into the fog.

There was a snarl, a few yelps, and then a whole bunch of wet, painful sounds as Courage went to work.

Gods am I proud of him.

The goons were still locked in absolute horror - one of them looked close to hysterical tears - and the two of us?

"So."

We started cracking our knuckles, and they all jerked back like they'd been struck.

"Who's next?"

Then the carnage began.

…​

Forty minutes later, two elves walked the perimeter of the ruins of Dale.

Ruins was, unfortunately, the right word.

The now-dead dragon's Desolation had done a number on the old city. What had once been streets and towers and grand halls was now little more than broken stone, blackened foundations, and heaps of rubble poking through the lingering mist.

But for the people of Esgaroth, huddled behind barely existent walls and whatever shelter could be thrown together in the time they'd had, it would have to do.

So would the army that had come down from the Woodland Realm in Mirkwood.

Hundreds of elves now stood watch around the makeshift settlement, bows at the ready and blades close at hand, having descended from the forest to support the survivors against the Uruk invasion from the north.

And there were other reasons for their presence besides, but it was not for mere soldiers of their rank to guess at them.

The first elf stopped atop a broken stretch of wall and looked out across the ruined city.
His companion joined him, and for several seconds, neither spoke.

There was too much to see.

Smoke still curled from somewhere beyond the eastern quarter. Fires burned in scattered pockets between the ruins, their orange glow barely visible through the haze. Farther off, beyond the remains of Dale, the dark shape of the mountain loomed over everything.

The first elf's hand tightened around his bow.

The Lake-Men of this region - longstanding trading partners of the Woodland Realm - were in a pitiful state indeed.

Even now, they huddled together beneath patched canvas and hastily erected shelters. Elvish healers moved between them. Guards stood watch. The children who were not orphaned clung to parents who spent every waking moment fearing for their lives.

And all the while, the Dwarves of Erebor remained sealed in their reclaimed Mountain, uncaring of the ruin the call of their fabled treasure had brought upon those lesser than them.

Truly, the greed of the Naugrim was their most defining trait-

"Hi there!"

The voice came from behind where there had been nothing a moment before.

Both elves let loose sounds most undignified and whirled around with drawn blades, only to see...

Children?

Their eyes were not deceiving them.

Two children of the Secondborn stood there, dressed in the oddest clothes either elf had ever seen.

And yet...

Something about them raised the hair at the back of the first elf's neck.

Judging by the swallow from his companion, the same was true for him.

Before either could say a word - to ask how, or why, they had somehow slipped through the perimeter - the first child raised a hand in greeting.

He was blonde, golden-haired, and was that a glint of gold in his eyes as well?

"Hi. I'm Daniel Winchester."

The other raised his hand too.

"Sairaorg Bael."

Both elves choked.

They...

They knew those names.

Everyone knew those names.

But it could not be.

It simply could not be.

And yet...

Daniel beamed.

"You don't seem like a raving murderous lunatic, so we've got some questions to ask you. First things first, though."

He threw a thumb over his shoulder.

"Can you get any of these people some help?"

The elf looked over his shoulder.

And nearly choked again.

It was the closest he'd come to death in nearly three centuries.

A crowd was coming toward them - dozens of people in various states of disarray, dressed in rags, torn clothing, and whatever else they had managed to find.

Some were weeping. Others simply looked exhausted beyond words.

There were even one or two elves among them, to their horror, already moving to help the frailer humans.

And though every one of them was in a pitiful state, not a single person appeared to be seriously injured.

The elf stared.

Then slowly looked back at Daniel.

"We found them with a few people with terrible attitudes."

The boy gave him another perfectly polite smile.

"Care to lend a hand?"

Both guards looked at him.

Then looked some more.

And then, for one final stretch of several seconds, they simply glanced at one another and nodded with eerie, half-stupefied calm.

"We need to inform the King."

A beat.

"Now."

…​

And so word reached Thranduil Orophilion - Sovereign of the Woodland Realm - first.

He received it in his tent alongside a very peculiar Wanderer in Grey.

It spread from there to the temporary leaders of Dale, and through them to the Raven envoys of the Kingdom of Erebor, until at last it reached the ears of the King who ruled Beneath It.

A proud Dwarf who had only just reclaimed the throne held by his father, and his father before him.

The moment it did, his fists clenched, his jaw tightened, and a light of sheer fury erupted in his eyes.

"Thieves."

…

And thus it began.

…

Chiron enjoying the passage of days while tormenting his students in cruel and unusual ways:

dont-matter-dont-care.gif

Meanwhile, Dan, Lavinia and even Sai at this point just doing anything for that Old World Lore:

sword-power-alex-boye.gif

Dan, transition from magic-happy sunshine boy with a crush on a pretty girl to unhinged no-scoping murder maniac at the drop of a hat:

nui-harime-harime-nui.gif

Sai and Dan just stopping to casually chat and vibe during a bloodbath just for that unintentional extra psychological damage to any surviving enemies:

thor-captain-america.gif

As always, leave your comments and ideas, and if you don't like it, please be courteous.
Last edited: Aug 19, 2026
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Spideyanimefan34, Azrael4890 and 697 others
Firewillreign
Aug 15, 2026
Add bookmark
View discussion
Prev  
1
2
 
Jump to new
Threadmarks
Index
Appendix
Extras
View content
Heliel43



Write your reply...
Empty

 Post reply
 
More options
Share:
Reddit
Pinterest
Tumblr
WhatsApp
Email
Link
Similar threads
Daisyberry
Thread watched
 [NSFW] Quest Beneath Moonlit Seas (PJO/DXD)
Daisyberry Jul 7, 2026 Words: 14k 1 ... 4 5 6 adventure daisyberry high school dxd
Replies158
Views25K
Aug 4, 2026
DanteWolf15
DanteWolf15
[NSFW] Percy Jackson and The Self Isekai (PJO/DxD)
DarthInteresting Apr 27, 2026 Words: 15k 1 2 game like system harem high school dxd au
Replies37
Views9K
May 13, 2026
VaticToxic
Darkscythe Drake
Thread watched
 [NSFW] From Sunset to Star Rise [Fate/PJO]
Darkscythe Drake Aug 20, 2026 Words: 4.9k 1 2 3 crossover discuss i demand it fate
Replies63
Views5K
Wednesday at 22:49
SirGalahad
SirGalahad
abel targayen
[NSFW] Horseman of War (High School DxD SI)
abel targayen May 25, 2026 Words: 27k 1 ... 6 7 8 genocide high school dxd high school dxd au
Replies223
Views23K
Jul 28, 2026
XXxxxadisxxxXX
XXxxxadisxxxXX
 [NSFW] Thunder in the Skies(Enel si) One Piece/ High School DxD
Godofdestroet66@4 Aug 18, 2026 Words: 6k akeno himejima high school dxd issei
Replies15
Views2K
Today at 11:37
igfry
igfry
Forums NSFW NSFW Creative Writing 
Style chooser
Contact usTerms and rulesPrivacy policyHelpRSS
Community platform by XenForo® © 2010-2024 XenForo Ltd. Design by: Pixel Exit