Questionable Questing
 
Forums 
What's new 
Members 
Heliel43
New posts 
Watched 
New threadmarks 
Mark forums read
Forums NSFW NSFW Creative Writing 
[NSFW] The Guild of Gamers: The Supervillain
 Thread starterThe Dark Wolf Shiro  Start dateApr 20, 2021  Tagsboku no hero academia dc crossover gamer elements smut villain oc worm
Created
Apr 20, 2021
Status
Incomplete
Watchers
6,817
Recent readers
5,900
Threadmarks
50
Disclaimer: I own nothing but my own original characters and works, if you recognise it from...
Threadmarks Extras
Statistics (38 threadmarks, 314k words)
Threadmarks
Reader mode RSS 
Ch 01: Welcome to the Guild
Words 8.9k
Apr 20, 2021
Ch 02: I choose you (all)
Words 10k
May 13, 2021
New
Chapter 31: Imp-ortant Transfer
Words 7.3k
Mar 31, 2025
New
Chapter 32: A Worthy Opponent
Words 6.7k
Nov 14, 2025
New
Chapter 33: Armsmaster
Words 6.9k
Sunday at 18:14
1
2
  Next
Jump to new
Ignore
Unwatch

Thread Tools
Threadmarks
Extras
View content
Threadmarks Ch 01: Welcome to the Guild
View content
The Dark Wolf Shiro
The Dark Wolf Shiro
Everyone Hail to the Pumpkin King
JoinedApr 1, 2019
Messages9,336
Likes received960,957
Apr 20, 2021
Add bookmark
#1
Disclaimer: I own nothing but my own original characters and works, if you recognise it from somewhere else, surprise it isn't mine.
Discord Link: discord .gg /wd3tUYWVCd
Pat reon Link: Pat reon .com/TheDarkWolfShiro
Betad by morde24

The Guild of Gamers: The Supervillain
Chapter 01: Welcome to the Guild

Honour, charity and kindness were tools used to control the masses, and prevent people from taking advantages that they deserved because the method of achieving it would make another person's life worse off.

But at the end of the day, you should only focus on making your life, and perhaps the lives of your loved ones, better and if that means making the lives of strangers and mere acquaintances worse, then so be it.

They'd do the same to you given the chance, and missing opportunities to enrich your life all because it wouldn't be honourable or virtuous was the height of stupidity.

When people around you make mistakes that leaves them vulnerable, you should take advantage of the opportunity to enrich yourself before someone else does it.

These are the lessons my father taught me as he trained me to inherit his business.

How to take advantage of your rivals' mistakes, how to make sure your underlings remain your underlings without allowing their loyalty waver.How to spot weaknesses in your targets, how to always get your way.

What he failed to teach me was how to deal with the randomness of the world.

You could succeed at everything, destroy rivals completely and expand your business throughout the world, only for the whims of fate to take it all away from you, never giving you the slightest chance to try and fight back.

I went through life, succeeding at every challenge, never hesitating as I made my mark on the world, and this is how it ends?

...why the fuck is there a truck on the sidewalk anyway?!

As my vision is blinded by the ridiculously bright headlights, I can only brace myself as the rogue truck plows into me, pain shooting through my body, I spend a moment cursing the world for the unfairness of it all.

Flying backwards, I land on a cushy chair and pause, the pain vanishing as quickly as it came. Slowly opening my eyes, I freeze as I look around the extravagant office I've found myself in.

It makes mine look cheap in comparison, and I've spent tens of thousands to make sure my office looks anything but cheap.

...a part of me is angered by it, but the well dressed woman sitting at the desk in front of me doesn't look like the kind of person I should risk offending.

Cold blue eyes stare me down as I resist the urge to squirm, looking around the office in confusion.

The uncomfortable feeling is made doubly so when I realise that however I got here, it didn't bother bringing my clothes, leaving me sitting naked before the admittedly very attractive woman.

She clicks her fingers and I find myself wearing a plain pair of black trousers and a white shirt, her disapproval not fading as she stares me down silently.

In the back of my mind, I finally catch on to what the hell happened. I died, and the afterlife isn't quite as ethereal as it is usually advertised.

"Correct, though not entirely." The woman says, her first words since I have arrived here, making me jump slightly as I turn to her. "You are dead, but this isn't a regular afterlife. In your world, there was no afterlife and the only thing waiting for you was an eternity of nothing."

"I see." he said, straightening up. "And yet, here I am. May I ask where here actually is, and who you are?" he asked, making her nod after a moment.

"You are in one of the offices of the Guild of Gamers Inc, brought here by one of our best scouts, Truck-kun, a few hours before your original time of death." she explained making him pause.

...Truck-kun? He was going to die anyway so the truck brought him here? Was this a fever dream, created by his dying mind.

"You have been chosen out of a literally infinite number of souls, to be offered a second chance at life as a part of our company and I am Lucille, daughter of one of the four founders of the Guild… I'm stuck here as part of my punishment for a slight mistake I made a long, long time ago." Lucille explained after a moment making him straighten up.

So he was dealing with the equivalent of a CEO's daughter? He could work with that.

"I see, it's a pleasure to-" he started, freezing as Lucille's eyes narrowed slightly, an immeasurable weight coming down on him as she did.

"Save the small talk, I voted for someone else to be offered this opportunity but Truck-kun was insistent and I was overruled by Lord Kuro, you'd think he'd have given up his grudge by now." Lucille mumbled to herself, making him nod rapidly as he felt himself start to sweat.

"I… may I ask what this company does? I know that nothing in the world is free, certainly not a second chance at life." he asked, making her nod curtly.

"Correct. The purpose of the Guild of Gamers is to amuse its founders, my father Shiro, Lord Kuro, Lord Gray and Lord Kuro. If it had more purpose than that, only those four know and I wouldn't advise asking them. Immortal multiversal beings tend to dislike being questioned too much." Lucille deadpanned.

What the hell had he gotten himself into.

"As for what this means for you… you've been chosen to be sent to a new world with a prototype system, the specifics of which will be decided at this interview. You will have contractual obligations during your time in this new world and once you are finished in that world, we will have a performance review. This will decide whether you are allowed to keep your system and gain access to more worlds, or whether you are left in whichever world you are sent to. It's also possible that you may fail your performance review and find yourself promptly… fired, which also happens to involve your soul being devoured." Lucille said with a slight twitch of her lips as he shuddered.

"I take it that I have little choice in the matter?" he asked after a moment, making her giggle. It was a beautiful laugh, almost song-like in nature, but it didn't make him feel particularly comfortable.

"Of course you do, you may choose to leave through that door at any moment. Of course, you'll be sent to the endless void that is your world's afterlife but that's up to you. Oddly enough, very few take that option." Lucille drawled, making him nod.

He knew a thing or two about contracts that you could technically refuse, but he was usually on the other side of the table.

"I can imagine why, so I suppose the only thing left to do is begin this… interview." he said as he laced his fingers together, placing them in his lap.

"You seem to misunderstand, we aren't so primitive as to have to ask you questions. Our systems have been going through your memories ever since you arrived here. The results will be available momentarily, and then we can decide which system you will be granted and to which world you will be sent." Lucille said, tapping the desk as she looked over the computer screen off the side of her desk.

Humming as she read something he couldn't see, she turned back to him with a slight frown.

"It seems you have a few choices ahead of you. Firstly, the Business Tycoon system." Lucille said, making him nod to himself.

That sounded about right.

"This system is fairly low risk, but while it can make you incredibly rich it is limited in how much power it can grant you. It also has less challenging contractual obligations, making it a rather easy option." Lucille said, making him mull it over.

It sounded ready made for him, but limited power didn't sound enticing.

"Next, the Supervillian System. This one is new, and is marked as high risk, higher reward. It was designed by the Lord Kuros meaning it's more forgiving than those made by father, but it still has rather demanding contractual obligations." Lucille continued, making him pause.

...Supervillain?

That word had plenty of meaning, from the likes of Lex Luthor to the Joker. One of those was appealing, the other was less so.

"The system is very broad, allowing for either style of villainy and many more." Lucille said making him flinch, it was unnerving to have his thoughts answered out loud. " The Lord Kuros may be… slow workers, but they are very through and their systems have the highest rating for user enjoyment." Lucille explained.

She continued explaining the other systems, from the Strategist system which allowed the user to command entire armies to the Devil's Tongue system which allowed the user to gain power by making contracts with other people, but even as she went over his options, he knew he'd made his decision.

When he was younger, cartoons and comic books were his guilty pleasure, and Lex Luthor had always been his favourite. The genius businessman who challenged gods with just his intellect.

He was Batman but cooler in every way.

Sure, he always lost but that was because comics didn't let the villains win.

As she finished explaining the Thief system, he took a deep breath.

"I've made my choice, I'd like to choose the Supervillain system." he said calmly, taking his first step into a new life.

"I see, brave to accept a prototype system but perhaps it will pay off for you." Lucille said casually. "As it is a Kuro System, it comes with the Dating system preinstalled. Now, the world. Unfortunately for you, this particular system doesn't allow the client to choose their own world, instead it chooses one at random from a series of pre-designed worlds."

"Designed… worlds?" he asked, making her smirk.

"Our company is very powerful." Lucille said with a smug tone as she typed something. "And that's the world locked in, I'd say you got lucky, My Hero Academia is fairly low risk compared to many of the worlds included in the rotation, but it's a modified version and I'm afraid even I don't know how Kuro modified it."

"I see, I suppose I'll have to see it for myself." he said, frowning slightly.

He has watched the first season of My Hero Academia, but only because he was dating a weeb at the time and she made him watch it. She was amazing in bed but he had to dump her after she started calling him onii-chan in public.

Fucking weebs man, not even once.

He remembered very little, but he did recall the basics. It was a world where heroism had become a nine to five job, with schools made for training youths to become heroes, and almost everyone had a superpower.

But when everyone is a super, is anyone? Well, yes because not all powers are made equal.

This was not the ideal place to start on the path of villainy, but he would adapt.

"Now all that's left is to sign the contract, and you'll be ready for your second chance." Lucille said, pulling out a rather foreboding scroll, placing it and a pen in front of him.

Reading through the contract, he paused at parts before he sighed and grabbed the pen. It was remarkably vague, simply stating that by accepting the system he was also accepting that he would have to fulfil his obligations to the company as well, but when his choices were this or death, what choice did he have?

As he signed, he winced at the tugging feeling in his hand, and the red writing as the pen drew his own blood to write with, and as he finished his signature, Lucille clapped happily.

"Excellent, I do wish you luck in your new life, really I do. I get a bonus if you succeed." Lucille said with a smile making him chuckle, it was important to keep your employees motivated after all.

Before he could reply, his vision was blackened once more and he felt himself fall through the chair he was sat on, and the floor beneath it.

"Hm, are you sure Truck-kun got the right person?" Lucille asked, scratching her chin.

"Eh, Truck-kun is the best at its job. I'm sure it's fine." A lazy voice replied from her computer.

"...you said that when Truck-kun accidentally ran over that racoon, now there's an animal running around with one of our stronger systems." Lucille countered.

"Tanuki, not racoon. Besides, it all worked out fine in the end, trust in Truck-kun." Kuro replied, making her sigh.

Why did she get stuck working under a manager who didn't actually give a fuck what was happening as long as it was funny?

Oh right, she tried to kill him.

Looking down at the contract, she glanced at the signature briefly before she filed it away.

Jin Yukimura, huh?

He better succeed, after the last four she processed failed their performance review meeting (or just died before the meeting) she needed a success or it was going to look bad on her own performance review.

My Hero Academia was marked as low risk anyway, and surely as lazy as he was Kuro hadn't made too many changes.

She'd check in on her newest client later, but her shift ended in five minutes and she had a well deserved day off coming up.


Jin -


...I have been lied to.

Staring up at the city sign in front of me, I realise that I should have been a lot more worried about what 'modified world' meant.

WELCOME TO BROCKTON BAY

I have been played for a fool, and as I stare up at the proof of my idiocy, I rapidly try to remember as much from Worm as I can.

It isn't much, but just enough to let me know this isn't going to be the power of friendship and training montages anime bullshit I came here expecting.

...the sign has seventeen bullet holes, but the condition of the paint implies that it's fairly new.

Wonderful.

I can hear gunshots in the distance, and as I check my pockets I quickly find my wallet, with a driver's license and a couple of hundred dollars.

My suit is definitely worth more than the contents of my wallet, but for once I wish I wasn't so well dressed because I must look like a very easy target.

Perhaps it's time you got acquainted with your new powers?

A voice deadpan into my head, making me jump quickly, looking around before I stop myself, hearing the voice in my head chuckle.

"Hello?" I say cautiously, making the deep male voice chuckle again.

You can just talk to me in your head so you don't look crazy.

I see, I take it you are from the Guild?

Yup, normally I'm not so hands on but since you're using one of my prototype systems, I thought I'd come say hello. The name's Kuro, one of them anyway, and I'm the architect of your new system.

Ah, it's a pleasure to meet you… in a manner of speaking, you have my thanks for giving me this second lease on life.

You can skip the flattery, I'm not Shiro. Though trying to stay on the good side of the all powerful, immortal being is a good policy in general.
Anyway, like I was saying… you should probably start the tutorial and get acquainted with your powers, this world has a pretty high danger rating and the sooner you land on your two feet the better.

Lucille said this one was a low danger world…

Because she was too lazy to check the modifications, and her shift was almost finished so she wanted you out before them.
I won't spoil the surprise, but you'd be surprised at how many clients take days to work out their menus, and I wanna see how the new system works out so you being killed in a mugging gone wrong wouldn't really help with that.

Fair enough, I'll take any help I can get.

Just think 'Game Menu' to open your menu up and 'Start Game Tutorial' to make the tutorial start up, it should be able to guide you from there.
Good luck, you'll probably need it.
Oh, that reminds me. Check your perks, I threw a freebie in there since you got this world…
You'll kinda need it if you want to survive the next 24 hours.

Wait, what?

Kuro?

With no response, I took a breath and took his advice.

Opening my menu, which is frankly disorienting as purple transparent boxes fill my vision, the first thing I notice is that almost every option is currently blocked, claiming that I need to go through the tutorial first to unlock it.

I can take a hint, and with a thought I start the tutorial so I can try and work out how fucked I actually am.

Tutorial Initialising
The Supervillain System v1.05 online

Quest Added

[Beginners Guide to Villainy]
Objective 1: Select a Villain Archetype
Objective 2: Build a Simple Lair
Objective 3: Acquire 10 Minions
Objective 4: Acquire a Henchman
Objective 5: Level up your class or acquire a new one
Objective 6: Acquire a piece of Unique Loot
Objective 7: Gain 100 Infamy
Reward: ???


Please select your starter villain archetype
[The Warlord]
The Warlord is a combat based start, granting you a random Brute power, a random Striker power, a Warlord perk and a group of combat minions.

[The Assassin]
The Assassin is a combat/stealth based start, granting you a random Stranger power, a random Blaster power, a Assassin perk and a bonus to starting funds.

[The Serial Killer]
The Serial Killer is a stealth based start, granting you a Changer power, a random Stranger power, a Serial Killer perk and a bonus to starting Infamy.

[The Cult Leader]
The Cult Leader is a deception based start, granting you a random Trump power, a random Master power, a Cult Leader perk and a group of assorted minions.

[The Warlock]
The Warlock is a combat based start, granting you a random Blaster power, a random Shaker power, a Warlock perk and a Tinkertech staff.

[The Mad Scientist]
The Mad Scientist is a research based start, granting you two random Tinker powers, a random Thinker power and a Mad Scientist perk.

[The Master Thief]
The Master Thief is a stealth based start, granting you a random Stranger power, a random Mover power, a Master Thief perk and a piece of unique Loot.

[The Trickster]
The Trickster is a stealth/deception based start, granting you a random Stranger power, a random Illusion-based power, a Trickster perk and a bonus to starter funds.

[The Terrorist Leader]
The Terrorist is a combat/stealth based start, granting you a random Thinker power, a random Blaster power, a Terrorist perk and a very small group of specialised minions.

[The Horror]
The Horror is a fear based start, granting you a Case 53 form, a random Brute power, a random Shaker power, a Horror perk and a bonus to starter infamy.

[The Schemer]
The Schemer is a deception based start, granting you a random Stranger power, a random Thinker power, a Schemer perk and a small group of basic minions.

Please note that this is simply your starter skillset, and you can expand into other archetypes later on.

A part of me immediately wants to take the Warlord, I remember enough about the different power classifications to know that I very much want a Brute power, but I certainly don't want to be a Case 53.

I suppress my initial reaction and stop and think, in all honesty I have no interest in fighting outright, the other villains can play cops and robbers all they want but I don't feel like joining in.

The Warlord sounds like it would give me the power to protect myself from common thugs, but in a world where powers are common the smartest move is not to get into fights in the first place.

A Brute power won't help if I get into a fight with someone who can just blast through it.

With that in mind, do I want any of the combat focused starts? At least for now, I think the answer is no.

Which leaves the Trickster, the Master Thief, the Mad Scientist, the Cult Leader and the Schemer.

The Mad Scientist is too risky, I remember how rare and desired Tinkers were, and the fact that Tinkers need materials and tools means I'd be more likely to be discovered and forced into one of the gangs, or the PRT which is basically the same thing.

The Cult Leader is also risky because Master's are very much frowned upon, I can't risk getting too much attention before I'm ready.

The Trickster is interesting, but it doesn't feel… me, the same with the Master Thief.

Which makes my decision fairly simple.

The Schemer selected.
Tutorial Objective 1: Complete

[Just Another Face in the Crowd - Stranger]
This power causes the user to perfectly blend into crowds, making them near impossible to pick out or notice. The larger the crowd, the more powerful it becomes. Acting unusual or drawing attention to yourself will make this power fail, as will leaving the crowd.

[The Vision - Thinker]
The power causes the user to gain flawless vision, allowing them to spot tiny details at great distances. In addition, the user gains the ability to selectively see through most obstacles. Overuse of this ability will cause Thinker headaches, and temporarily disable all aspects of this power.

[I prefer the term 'coerced loyalty']
The perk gives you an edge when attempting to blackmail people into obedience, allowing you to push them further with less intel than you would normally need.

Your minions will arrive when you have chosen a lair location.

As my eyes burn briefly, I wince and reach up to rub at them, blinking rapidly as I look around my surroundings in slight awe, everything is so much clearer now.

Looking around, my vision homes onto a small ant as it crawls through the grass, I can easily see its little legs moving despite it being a good thirty meters away from me.

Nothing that will help me in a fight, but that's about what I expected.

With that selected I can access my perks, and see what the freebie Kuro gave me was.

[Blank]
Welcome to Worm, where a scary woman in a stylish hat will put a bullet through your head in the first five minutes of you arriving if you don't have this perk. This Perk grants you an immunity to Thinker powers, including all forms of precognition. You're welcome.

...I have no idea who that is referring to, but I'm glad I don't have to worry about her.

I don't… right?

Well, regardless of scary women in stylish hats, I have work to do.

First things first, I want to work out what the situation is, this world was supposed to be My Hero Academia, but it is clearly Worm and I need to work out why.

Plus I need to pick a place to work as my lair, since right now I am effectively homeless.

It's midday at the moment, given the position of the sun, so it's time to head into the city and find a computer.

Also something to eat.

Thankfully, despite Brockton's reputation and the gunshots I occasionally hear, keeping to the main roads leaves me mostly undisturbed, the only person who attempts to stop me being some homeless beggar, hoping for an easy mark thanks to my obviously expensive suit. I have limited funds, and frankly he'd have to pry them from my cold dead hands if he wanted so much as a penny.

It doesn't take me long to find a public library with computers I can use, and as I finish the crappy fast food burger, I head inside and make myself at home.

I'm going to be here for a while, so with the cheap coffee I got from a questionable fast food restaurant in my hand, I sit down and get to work.

First things first, what day is it? Where am I in the timeline, which I admittedly barely know.

Is canon already going on?

Finding ParaHumans Online (affectionately shortened to PHO), I scour the site for recent events and mentally thank the nerds of the world for doing my work for me.

The biggest event? The Simurgh attacked Canberra just over a month ago. It's the third of March, 2011, and I can already see signs of the MHA changes.

The thread on the Simurgh attack has a lot of people arguing about a specific question. Why didn't All Might take part in the Endbringers attack?

There is no definitive answer, but they don't know that All Might has a time limit, if he tired himself before the Simurgh moved, he wouldn't have been able to help at all.

But why wouldn't they have someone like Panacea fix his injury?

Hm, I'm missing something but I also quickly found out why I didn't start in Japan, in Musutafu? That's where MHA takes place, so that's where I should be right?

Well, no… because it doesn't exist.

Something in Worm canon history changed, and Leviathan never attacked Kyushu. It attacked Tokyo instead, and it was just as devastating as Kyushu had been, meaning that Tokyo and its surrounding areas are still uninhabitable.

Japan has been devastated, and it has barely started to recover from losing close to a quarter of its population.

Musutafu wasn't in Tokyo, but it was close enough that it's still destroyed.

UA was rebuilt, but it was rebuilt in America because that's where most of the staff ended up after being forced to leave Japan. America took in the most refugees from the attack, and the PRT funded the school because all Hero schools seem to be under their control.

This led to me discovering the biggest change, why Hero schools even exist in Worm.

Quirks exist here, but so do Worms Parahumans. Quirks are far, far less common than they were in MHA because they are caused by Parahumans having children.

If a Parahuman has a child, that child will almost always have a Quirk which awakens in their adolescent period.

For a group like New Wave, that's fine, but if you're a cape with a secret identity then having your child suddenly start breathing fire or shooting lasers out of their eyes is a bit of an issue since it basically says 'one of my parents is a cape'. That's not even mentioning the increased chance of physical changes, Quirks change the users body far more than Triggers.

So schools were made to help them learn their powers, to keep them under control and stop them from being walking, talking middle fingers to the unwritten rules.

UA is one of these, and it was built in between Brockton and Boston, teens from all over are sent there to learn how to control their powers, and possibly become Protectorate heroes which is why the PRT are so interested in funding it. They are built away from cities to help keep things private, and the names of students kept highly classified.

The wards still exist, but that's for teens who trigger normally.

At least that's what I can work out from sources of questionable reliability on an internet board and Wikipedia.

The gangs of Brockton seem fairly similar to canon, though each of them seems to have more members than I remember, with the Azn Bad Boys having a new cape who sounds an awful lot like the crazy blood girl from MHA and a Case 53 Mover who I'm pretty sure is the teleportation villain who worked for the creepy hands guy.

The weirdest part is that they also have a cape whose power is that she is completely invisible, which sounds like one of the classmates from UA, but she was a hero. Maybe something to look into.

Which led to another discovery, and a highly confusing one at that.

There was a vs thread about whether Yūrei (the ABB's invisible girl) was stronger than the unnamed daughter of Mr. Incredible and Elastigirl who had the same power.

The answer was a resounding no, as while Yūrei was more active than the invisible member of the Incredibles, she could only turn invisible while Violet Parr has force fields as well.

...why are the Incredibles here? Their existence complicates things because that means I can't rely on my Worm or MHA knowledge, as spotty as it might be.

On the bright side, there is no Skitter yet as far as I can tell. Lung hasn't been captured, and that means I have some time before Worms canon starts.

So now I just need to work out one thing, where the hell do I build a lair?

Brockton Bay has an excess of unused real estate, entire portions of the city are run down and abandoned, but it also has a massive gang problem.

Someone on PHO put together a helpful map of Brockton, keeping track of which gang controls which parts of the city, and it tells me that the PRT are borderline useless.

The Empire has the most territory by far, the entire commercial district and over half of the downtown district under their control. They've pushed into the docks as well, but it appears the ABB are holding them off.

The ABB themselves are in second place, with two large parts of the city carved out on opposite sides of the city, and looking at the older versions of the map it looks like they managed to steal some Empire territory over the past few months. Apparently Yūrei poisoned a bunch of higher-up Empire mooks and they took some territory during the chaos.

Then there's the Merchants and the PRT sharing third place. The PRT holds as much territory as the fucking Merchants.

Admittedly, the PRT holds the more upper class areas of the city, like the Boardwalk and a lot of downtown, while the Merchants occupy the run down parts of the city, but still.

It's ridiculous, how they could let some drug-addled idiots control as much of the city as they do, all while claiming to be the law.

Well, the answer is fairly easy to understand.

They could push the Merchants out, but then another gang would move in and they don't have the manpower to hold any territory they clear.

New Wave barely leaves the Boardwalk and the wealthy side of the city, and if they cleared out the Merchant territory then all that would happen is that the ABB would move right in since the Merchant territory shares a border with them.

Then the ABB would be in a position of power with more territory than the Empire, and that would probably start a gang war.

They can't push into the Empire territory because the Empire has far more capes than New Wave does, and they can't push into ABB territory because the one time they tried Lung went on a rampage and they barely escaped with their lives. Their capes that is, the grunts very much didn't.

Basically the PRT are borderline useless, desperately holding onto the small piece of the city they've been able to grab.

Going through the threads, I can see people calling them out for it, but I can see both sides. If you live in gang territory, having the PRT basically abandon you to your fate must hurt, but ok. On the other hand, they aren't only protecting the wealthy areas because it's profitable or good PR (though it undoubtedly is), they are doing the because they lack the manpower, and spreading their forces any thinner would be a death sentence with the Empire and ABB waiting for them to give them an opening.

They used to have more territory but after their attempt to push into ABB territory, the Empire took advantage of them exposing their flank and captured a lot of the downtown district from them.

If they attack one group, two more are waiting in the wings to punish them, and they are trapped in between all three gangs.

But I digress, I have work to do and with everything I've learnt I know where to start building my lair.

The Merchants are the weakest of the factions, and they are the most incompetent. I have the best chance of going unnoticed and undisturbed if I pick one of the abandoned buildings in their territory as my first base.

I'll move onto bigger and better things eventually, but for now I just want a place to rest and plan.

Looking over a map, and spending some time researching the different buildings, I eventually pick a location and nod to myself.

It's deep in Merchant territory but that is by design, near the waterfront and as far from the ABB and PRT territory as possible. Neither of them should come this deep into Merchant territory without me giving them a reason to, but it's a decent distance away from the main Merchant hangouts.

At least the ones I can map out with the help of internet strangers, I'm sure there are hidden hideouts where they actually make the drugs but I can only work with what I know.

Leaving the warehouse, I mentally plan out my route as I set off to the other side of the city, keeping to the crowds as much as I can. It takes a couple of hours to reach the Merchant territory, and the sun has started to set which admittedly makes me somewhat nervous.

I keep moving, as the buildings slowly get more run-down, the streets less cared for with graffiti, trash and potholes appearing in increasing numbers. I blatantly ignore the reddish brown stain on the sidewalk as I walk around it, not stopping to think about what caused that or why it leads into one of the alleyways. Using my new power, I focus my vision into the alleyways ahead of me, making sure they are completely clear before I cut through them.

I can hear police sirens in the distance, and the amount of homeless men has been steadily increasing the later into the day it gets.

A few glance my way, but I guess my determined stride and expensive suit scare them off. Maybe they've mistaken me for a member of the ABB, but I can deal with that later. I should have gotten a mask, but masks draw attention and I don't need Skidmark thinking a new cape is in his territory and coming to deal with me, even if I am a new cape in his territory. There are very few homeless women, and I already know why. The Merchants don't have brothels like the ABB do, but that doesn't mean they aren't involved in the same business.

Reading through the Merchant thread told me that they tend to grab any homeless women, drugging them up to get them addicted and then pimping them out, and I'm pretty sure I've seen a couple of their victims already, wearing barely anything as they linger around street corners, under the few working street lamps.

It's been a while since I got laid, but I'd rather remove my manhood with a steak knife then stick it in some disease ridden hooker. Besides, as a super villain doesn't it make sense for me to have a scantily-clad henchgirl? But first I need a lair, my minions and a source of income. Henchgirls in skimpy outfits can come later.

It doesn't take me long to find a Merchant, my enhanced vision seeing through his ragged clothes and spotting the gun he has tucked in his belt… with the safety off and the clip loaded.

Thankfully, the man is also as high as a kite and asleep on the sidewalk so I just sidestep him, I consider grabbing his gun for myself but there are a few people lingering around and I don't want any more attention than I'm already drawing.

I should have bought some cheap, second hand clothes, but honestly? I was the CEO of a powerful, global company in my past life. I'm not dressing up like some street bum, I have standards.

Reaching the warehouse district, the crowds start to disperse… with the exception of a single warehouse that has a few too many people around it, and peering through the walls out of the corner of my eyes shows a lot more Merchants inside.

An underground drug lab from what I can tell, but as I try to look though the ground I wince, my head throbbing as one of those infamous Thinker headaches hits me.

I've been looking through walls and clothes for hours, I suppose I overworked myself, but with a wince I take one last look through the walls surrounding the warehouse as I watch them load boxes into a truck, a very stacked blonde yelling orders at the men.

The welding mask she has covering her face tells me who she is, as her tiny jean shorts and stained white tank top certainly don't scream 'Cape' but I do believe that would be Squealer.

Girlfriend of Skidmark, Tinker of the Merchants, and a complete junkie from the rumours in PHO. I'd say they are right, from the sheer amount of drugs she has managed to fit into the pockets of her very small shorts.

She also has a considerable amount of needle marks on her arms, my perfect vision letting me see them as clearly as if I was right next to her.



Closing my eyes, I move away from the area before the Merchants 'on guard' take offence to my lingering. My head is burning up, and even trying to use my power again sends jolts of pain through my brain, so taking the hint I rely on my regular senses.

That drug den is closer than I hoped to my chosen lair, just a few streets away, but I can work with that. I'm going to take the fight to the Merchants eventually and knowing where one of their drug dens is will help.

But that's for the future, for now I need to get set up. Reaching the run-down warehouse, I mentally sigh as I think about my mansion from my past life, before I start looking for a way in.

The reason I picked this one is because it had a rather sturdy stone wall built around it before it was abandoned, and taking a chance I use my power again to peek inside, focusing through the pain as I make sure this isn't another Merchant hideout.

The only life I spot is a couple of homeless people sleeping on the ground floor, but I can probably get rid of them.

Thankfully someone already did my job for me and one of the gates has been broken, allowing me to get inside easily as I sigh outwardly.

It stinks, it's barely standing, it's in the middle of enemy territory.

Are you sure you want to make [Run-down Warehouse] a lair?

Obviously not, but I don't have much choice. Yes, I'm sure.

[Run-down Warehouse] claimed
Cost: Free (All tutorial items are free)
1% control of the Docks area

It's not much, but it's a start.

As I accept my fate, mentally swearing to either improve this dump or get a better lair as soon as possible, a cough they'd my attention making me jump and spin around, freezing in place as I stare at the dozen or so men and women standing behind me.

10 Worker Minions added due to start choice

[Worker Minion]
Workers are the most basic of all minions, specialising in construction and simple tasks. They can fight, but they usually can't win.

Every single one of them is wearing a bright yellow jumpsuit as they stare at me in anticipation, and I feel another function of my Game unlocking.

"What's your orders, boss?" The lead minion asks, making me smile to myself.

"Follow me for now, we have some vagrants to send on their way." I say as I turn and head into the warehouse, I feel more confident with ten followers at my back, and the stomping of feet makes the few vagrants wake up quickly as they pale, seeing us heading their way.

"Hello, poor people. Who here wants some money? All you have to do is agree to leave this place and not come back." I say loudly, making them freeze as they look over at me.

I don't want to kill some random hobos, and I don't want to draw any attention.

"You… you serious?" One of the bums asks, slowly approaching me. "How much?"

"How much will it take to get you to leave?" I ask, I need a starter price to start the negotiations, turning to the one who spoke making him pale slightly.

"Fi- no, ten bucks!" he says quickly making me pause, before I sigh and pull my wallet out.

"I'll give each of you twenty if you agree to leave and keep this to yourselves." I say pulling four twenties out, one for each of them as their eyes light up.

Or I could skip negotiations because I'm not squabbling over pocket change. This district has a lot of homeless people and communities talk, even if the community is made up of vagrants, junkies and beggars. I want to delay the Merchants hearing about this for as long as possible.

Handing the notes out, I watch them scurry away quickly, not wanting to stick around while they are outnumbered by an unknown group, before I nod to myself.

Closing my eyes, I access the new function of the Game and start to plan out what I want my Workers to do.

I've played enough base builder games to see where the Guild got this from, and while it's strange to be planning out a construction in my head, it's fairly intuitive.

There are different room types, and it doesn't take me long to get the hang of it.

As I mentally command them, my minions start to work as they pull out their strange tools and start to dig out a new basement. They are… bafflingly fast, laying out the corridors I planned out in minutes, before they start digging out the rooms.

Firstly, the barracks, because even minions need to sleep, then the mess hall because they need to eat as well (and so do I).

A power station room is next, because this warehouse doesn't have electricity and that is unacceptable. It doesn't have wifi either but I can't fix that just yet.

The final two rooms, built on a level below the first basement, are the special ones though.

A vault, for all my ill-gotten gains (though sadly empty at the moment) and the Inner Sanctum.

My room, essentially.

I don't have access to any of the more useful room items yet, just basic bunk beds for my barracks, a small kitchen and table in the mess hall, and a generator just labelled 'Generator' in the menu.

How does it make power? Good question. Where does the food come from? Also a good question. Where did the minions even get the bunk beds? More good questions.

But after watching my minions build an underground lair in less than half an hour, I find myself willing to accept that my power isn't exactly… logical.

[Beginners Guide to Villainy]
Objective 1: Select a Villain Archetype [x]
Objective 2: Build a Simple Lair [x]
Objective 3: Acquire 10 Minions [x]
Objective 4: Acquire a Henchman
Objective 5: Level up your class or acquire a new one
Objective 6: Acquire a piece of Unique Loot
Objective 7: Gain 100 Infamy
Reward: ???

Moving to my Inner Sanctum, I sit at my (somewhat) fancy desk, looking around the room with a slightly approving smile. The black and purple colour scheme is very cliche for a villain, but it's cliche for a reason. It works, and it looks nice and intimidating, which is the entire point.

Pressing the suspicious button on my desk, I watch as a holographic map appears, hovering in front of me as I stare at it with a raised eyebrow. Aside from the tiny purple spot in the north of the docks, most of it is covered in a fog of war 'due to lack of intel' but a few streets over there is a building marked with a large green M.

Just something else I'll have to deal with in the future, I can't have a drug lab on my front lawn… unless it's my drug lab.

My company worked with pharmaceuticals, and really the only difference between drug dealing and big pharma is that we paid off the law enforcement to not bother us.

Please select your first Henchman.
Please note that while you can theoretically recruit all of the following Henchmen, each of them is currently in a position where recruitment will be easier as part of the tutorial.
Once you select a Henchman and start the recruitment quest, the others will move on and become far harder to acquire.

The Eco-Terrorist - Combat Henchwoman
Pamela Isley has triggered, and it isn't going to end well for anyone who isn't a plant. Convince Poison Ivy to join up with you, before she can stand on her own two feet.
If this Henchwoman isn't recruited now, she will become a rival Crime Lord later on.
Warning: Due to her ability to create self-replicating life, having this Henchwoman serving you will result in massively increased heat from the PRT as long as Emily Piggot is in charge of the local branch.

The White Rabbit - Stealth Henchwoman
Jaina Hudson likes to be chased, but she never thought she'd actually be caught. After getting overconfident, the White Rabbit has found herself caught in a PRT trap. Free her before she can escape by herself to recruit her.
If this Henchwoman isn't recruited now, she may target your vaults later on.

The Mechanic - Support Henchwoman
Sherrel Bailey isn't the smartest woman around, which is why she's currently crashed into a ditch in a drug fuelled coma. Grab her before the Merchants can find her and convince her to work for you, by any means necessary.
If this Henchwoman isn't recruited now, she will increase the overall power of the Merchants.

The Scarecrow - Science Henchman
Dr Johnathan Crane is… well, he's a bit of a lunatic to be honest. He really, really, likes fear, and that's something you can use. Fund his experiments and gain his services, before he finds a new source of funding.
If this Henchman isn't recruited now, he will become an Independent Supervillain and may pose a threat to you later on.

...closing the map, I take a deep breath and proceed to slam my head into the wooden desk, groaning out loud as I do.


Man, fuck this world. I don't want to be here anymore, I want my mansion back, away from all this superpowered bullshit.

Gathering my wits, I look back at my options and sigh to myself. Basically, pick one to be on my side while I have to deal with the other three… and so many more threats.

I wanna have a polite word with Lucille over what 'low risk' means.


Helena Bertinelli (The Huntress) -


Being an Independent Hero meant a lot more than just not having a team to back you up on patrol, or having to pay for your own costume and equipment.

It also meant you didn't have access to the PRTs information network as well, as they guarded their intel jealously, so when it came to patrolling as an Independent you had two options.

One, literally just wander around until you came across a crime, which admittedly didn't take too long in Brockton, or you had to make your own information network.

The first option was probably more fun, but it meant you barely made a difference. Sure, stopping a mugging here, a rape there, made life better for the people you saved, but it didn't hurt the gangs at all. All three major gangs had more low-level thugs than they knew what to do with, and she could put dozens away in a single night without them caring.

The second option let you work out where you needed to hit them to really make them feel it, and that was why she did it.

It wasn't anything complicated, she just had a few of the cities homeless on her payroll, paying them for any useful intel they could give her.

But it meant she had to work out what was a real tip, and what was just bullshit made up to try and get paid.

So when one of her informants claimed to have seen a high ranking ABB member heading into a warehouse deep in Merchant territory she was pretty sceptical.

The location he gave her was literally on the other side of the Merchants territory from where the ABB were situated.

But she felt the need to investigate all the same, because as much as she despised the Merchants, if they were beaten by the ABB then things would go south fast.

The main reason the Merchants survived as long as they did despite a bunch of drug addled morons was simple, the PRT stopped any of the other gangs from taking over their territory.

If either the Empire or the ABB took over the Merchants territory, they'd control more than half the city, and the PRT Thinkers were sure that it would lead to a full on gang war between the two, and that which ever gang won would be able to push the PRT (and Independents) out of the city entirely.

The Merchants were a necessary evil, for the good of Brockton, because while they hurt a lot of people they were also unambitious, lazy and frankly too incompetent to be a real threat.

The Empire and ABB were far more dangerous.

Skidmark wasn't as cunning as Kaiser, or as powerful as Lung, and having him be 'in control' of the most run-down parts of the city meant that he'd just keep peddling his drugs and just generally keep being a nuisance.

Not a threat, just a nuisance.

Both the Empire and ABB would put the territory to much better use.

The one problem with the Merchants is that they tended to be so drugged up that they forgot to follow the unwritten rules, which could be a problem.

It was a good job that none of them were smart enough to work out any other capes real identity, Skidmark wouldn't hesitate to go for a hero or rival villains family if he could find them.

It meant that if the ABB were trying something, she needed to know and be ready to try and put a stop to it.

AN: This isn't SA, I know. Blame Evil Genius 2, it gave me a powerful urge to write a super villain fic, and where better than Worm?

Originally I could decide between Worm, MHA or Gotham, so I decided fuck it and did them all.

Obviously it's set in Worm, but it has a lot of concepts from MHA added in, and characters from DC and possibly some other superpower worlds as well.

Why the Incredibles? Because Helen Parr is extra thicc, there is no other reason.

The next chapter of SA is half done, and so is the next Freedom because I'm easily distracted.
Last edited: Apr 20, 2021
"Sanity and happiness are an impossible combination."
― Mark Twain

​
My Discord, come here for porn and also sometimes fics: https://discord.gg/wd3tUYWVCd

My Patreon, I promise to spend any money given to me irresponsibly: https://www.patreon.com/TheDarkWolfShiro​
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Leith, Will00 and 1,102 others
The Dark Wolf Shiro
Apr 20, 2021
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Ch 02: I choose you (all)
View content
The Dark Wolf Shiro
The Dark Wolf Shiro
Everyone Hail to the Pumpkin King
JoinedApr 1, 2019
Messages9,336
Likes received960,957
May 13, 2021
Add bookmark
#147
Disclaimer: I own nothing but my own original characters and works, if you recognise it from somewhere else, surprise it isn't mine.
Discord Link: discord .gg/ wd3tUYWVCd
Pat reon Link: Pat reon .com/TheDarkWolfShiro
Betad by morde24

The Guild of Gamers: The Supervillain
Chapter 02: I choose you (all)

Staring at my options, I stroke my chin as a plan starts to form in the back of my mind. I can see where this is going, each of these potential henchmen are in a position where recruiting them is going to be much easier but the ones I don't pick will move on and become an issue to deal with after the tutorial is over.

Loading up my pc, and thank fuck I have one of those in my office, I start to scour the internet for information on the various henchmen, starting with their names.

Obviously not by their real names, I don't know how secure this connection is, but just by their cape name.

The presence of DC characters in Brockton Bay scares me, because as bullshit as shards can be… it's fucking DC.

Thankfully, the only match for 'Superman' is a particularly egotistical hero who got killed within a week, and he just had superhuman strength, speed and stamina.

Basically the shard equivalent of Captain America from what I can tell.

The Scarecrow does bring up results, more like rumours and myths than actual confirmed intel, mad capes ranting about being given their powers by the Scarecrow, usually doing a suicide by hero within the month.

It's led to people believing he is a trump of sorts, but he's never been seen in the open and the PRT's official word is that they are 'looking into it.'

Squealer comes up with plenty, especially on the Brockton Bay threads. Basically… she's a drug-addled lunatic.

She has a habit of joyriding her creations through the city while high as a kite, usually leaving wanton destruction and casualties in her wake.

She's apparently an amazing driver, and I'm some of the VS threads, other tinkers have suggested that she might be a very high level tinker who is being held back by drugs and poor materials.

What I do know is that she's unreliable, unhinged and so full of drugs that she barely knows where she's going half the time.

She's also the very image of used goods, and while they are taken down from PHO as soon as they are posted, it takes all of five minutes to find her nudes.

Her face is always covered by either a welding mask or some other kind of mask, she doesn't really have a set 'cape uniform', but there's hundreds of pictures and dozens of videos of her out there for the public's viewing pleasure.

She really lives up to the name.

She had the potential to be a true beauty, with some of the biggest breasts I've ever seen, but right now? I think I'd rather stick my dick in the sewer water, it probably has less diseases.

A verified merchant cape named… 'The Grapist' of all things, has spent quite a long time boasting about banging her, and from his words it sounds like Squealer is used as a bribe for successful merchants by Skidmark.

From the other Merchants I can find online, some capes and some unpowered thugs, it seems like the Grapist isn't all talk as he isn't close to the only person that claims to have fucked Squealer.

It's bizarre to me to see so many capes, heroes and villains alike, just posting online, but I suppose capes are people too.

Squealer herself has a very rarely used account, currently banned for sending death threats towards Armsmaster after he trashed one of her rides, and she basically confirms that she's fucked half the gang when she replied to the Grapist and called him a midget with an even smaller dick.

In less polite words.

Squealer was tempting purely due to how… endowed she is, but she's gonna need a lot of work before I'm willing to touch her. Besides, she's also an enemy, so it'd be a rather forceful recruitment.

I'd need a place to store her until she came around, I'd need a garage for her to work in when she has been convinced to see things my way, I'd be bringing a lot of merchant heat on myself and my organisation before I am ready.

Hmm.

The White Rabbit is fairy interesting, a master thief who has pulled off some very impressive robberies, but she's… flighty to say the least.

She's stolen works of art, spent the night running circles around the heroes trying to stop her, only for them to find the painting ditched in an alleyway after they lose her.

She seems to steal purely to get chased.

She's a junkie as well, just a different sort. Her drug is adrenaline, and she seems completely addicted to it.

She has even been posting warnings over what she is going to try and steal on PHO lately, and it doesn't take a genius to realise she is getting bored of how easy she seems to have it.

There's videos, badly shot videos, of her outrunning Armsmaster on his bike, and dancing circles around Velocity.

She's a big black eye on the face of the Brockton Bay Protectorate, because even with her telling them what she's going to steal they haven't managed to catch her.

Recently she even gave them a time and a date of when she was going to steal a jewelled necklace, daring Armsmaster to come and catch her, and the next thing she posted was less than ten minutes after the given time.

It was a simple picture of a very smug white haired girl with big white and pink bunny ears, wearing nothing but a corset, a pink thong (with a fluffy white bunny tail) and a pink domino mask… oh, and a jewelled necklace.

It's unsurprising that she has so many fans, she's sexy and she's badass, seemingly uncatchable and that's made her very popular among the youths of Brockton Bay.

She's extremely active in PHO, but she hasn't posted anything recently. Her last post was another challenge, but the time she gave was ten minutes ago and she's been awfully quiet.

Following the pattern, she'd usually be boasting by now.

But I know something they don't, the PRT finally caught the White Rabbit before she could run off to wonderland.

Which leads to the slight issue of how the hell do I get her out of their grasp before they send her out of my reach?

And finally… Poison Ivy.

Her name doesn't bring anything up, but that doesn't stop me from subtly tracking her down through other matters.

Dr Pamela Isley is a biologist working under a Dr. Jason Woodrue at the Brockton Bay Botanical Gardens.

I found her on LinkedIn.

Which led me to the next thing that really should have been easier to hear about.

The Botanical Gardens is currently overrun with giant angry plants.

You'd think that'd be something that was covered better, but aside from the PRT putting out a warning to avoid the area around it there's no official word why.

Thankfully, the internet loves gossiping and the PRT can't hide the fact that the plants in the botanical gardens have just gotten up and started walking.

Nor can they hide that there are PRT trooper corpses littered around the gardens, Poison Ivy has wasted no time in causing utter chaos and carving out a piece of territory for herself.

Worse still, the gardens are in the middle of Empire 88 territory, so now she has both the Empire and the PRT looking her way.

She's definitely the hard mode Henchwoman, very high risk but equally high reward.

That's assuming I can even keep her under control, as Ivy has never been particularly fond of… people.

Aside from Harley, who does exist in this world. Oddly enough, she's in a team with Circus and someone called Punchline, and while I can find references to the Joker it seems he's already been birdcaged.

Which is a slight bit harder to escape from than Arkham, apparently as he hasn't moved from there in the three years since they locked him up and likely threw away the key.

No mention of what his power was, because nobody seems to actually know.

Also, no Batman as far as I can tell. That said, it didn't even say who caught the Joker, which tells me that it wasn't a Protectorate hero because the PRT would have used it for pr, since the Joker is as infamous here as he was in DC.

But I digress, I have a decision to make.

...system, are you able to answer queries?

I am, user.

Ahh, wonderful. My request is simple, I'd like to inquire whether it would be possible for you to give me some additional information on my choices, specifically their current locations and status.

...give me a moment.

Pausing for a moment, I wait patiently as I continue looking over the different capes and groups in Brockton. This place is infested with capes, and most of them are villains.

I'm going to start building files on the different threats around Brockton, information is power after all.

Request accepted. Locations and status of potential henchmen have been added to your map.

Loading my map up, I start to scheme.

Squealer is nearby, very unconscious thanks to a mixture of bad batch drugs and a crashed van, it looks like she tried out some of the drugs she was moving and had a bad reaction.

The Scarecrow, or to be more precise, Johnathan Crane, is hiding out in a cheap apartment building across the city, he's fine and currently looking for a new source of funding, my new intel lets me know he's considering approaching the Empire for their resources.

The White Rabbit is moving, currently in cuffs in the back of a nondescript police car, they don't want to draw cape attention and they know Jaina is basically useless once she's captured. She doesn't have any powers beyond the ability to summon the White Rabbit, and she can't risk that with PRT troopers in the car with her.

Even if the Rabbit escapes, eventually she'd have to dismiss the summon and Jaina herself would still be trapped. The moment she tries anything she'll get blasted with containment foam.

The car is taking a frankly baffling route, but I suspect they know something I don't. They don't want Jaina to end up in the hands of one of the gangs, she was annoying enough as a solo act.

But the system has graciously given me their planned route, and I can definitely work with that.

I just gave you the information you would have gotten if you chose them.

Poison Ivy is in the botanical gardens, as expected, and she's on the defensive after fighting off the PRT.

...if I go there, she'd kill me without even waiting long enough to listen to whatever I had to say.

So my choice is clear, I'll take all of them.

Wait, what?

Grabbing a pen, I start writing on the expensive paper my desk came with, because I'm fairly certain I can pull this off and grab at least three of the four choices, and I can start making progress with the fourth.

It takes me a moment to decide what name I want, but after a few seconds of thought I make my decision. Only one thing has every truly appealed to me, and basing my cape name on it is only logical.

Umm… is he allowed to do that? Shit, the guide didn't mention this.

Calling for two of my minions on the base wide intercom, I watch as the yellow suited men enter my office, quickly standing to attention in front of my desk.

"You, blonde one. Take this to a Dr Johnathan Crane, his address is written on the front. Also, change into something more inconspicuous before you leave the warehouse. You, take this letter to Poison Ivy, in the botanical gardens downtown." I order, making them salute.

"Yes, boss!" Blondie says, making me smile slightly. I missed having underlings, and really is there that much of a difference between being a ceo and being a supervillain?

"Umm, boss… I can see your computer, why did you put homicidal next to Poison Ivy's name?" The other minion asks as he picks up the letter. "...isn't that bad?"

"...I'm sure you'll be fine as long as you don't do anything to provoke her, don't shoot the messenger is a universal concept after all." I say calmly, making him nod firmly as he salutes.

"Understood, boss! I won't fail you."

Yeah, he's probably dead to be honest.

I mean, I didn't realise that they were quite that sentient since they just popped into existence, but I need to work out how aggressive Ivy is.

"I'm sure you'll do great." I praise him, making a small note in my todo list to find out how to replace deceased minions.

You can customise how your minions look from your pc, also what the hell are you doing?!
Should I stop this?

Oh, thank you system.

Finding the option, I change their bright yellow jumpsuits for a more subtle black, with some golden accents and a black face mask.

There's even an option to make my own 'villain' uniform, but most of the options don't suit me at all. I don't like all the extravagant outfits and I certainly don't like how skintight most of the options seem.

I eventually settle for a black suit jacket and slacks with a golden vest and tie, with a white shirt to finish it off, along with a black and gold metal face mask, similar to something out of a masquerade.

It doesn't cover enough to be honest, only covering the upper-half of my face, but that seems to be fairly common around here and I like the style. It's mostly black, but it has golden accents and embroidery around the edges.

Honestly it's all a little gaudy, but I suppose it's all par for the course, villainy and gaudy outfits seem to go hand in hand. Besides, I look far more reasonable than most capes, I even have my underwear on the right side.

Wait, why is that stuff all free? Oh shit, you weren't supposed to know about that until after the tutorial.
...I'm so getting into trouble for this.

System, are you doing okay?

...system?

Jumping slightly as a small flash fills the room, I pause as a young woman teleports into my lair, giving me a dirty look.

"It's the fucking tutorial, why are you already trying to meta game during the fucking tutorial, dude?!" she growls, making me blink as I look her over.

She's… not exactly modestly dressed, wearing nothing but a tiny white tank top that doesn't even cover her midriff along with a very short pair of black jean shorts as she glares down at me with almost glowing purple eyes, long black hair tied up in a ponytail she's also quite clearly not wearing a bra, and I can see the outline of her nipple piercing as she stared back at me.

"I take it you are from the guild? Have I broken a rule, I'm afraid Lucille was rather sparse on the details." I reply, making her groan.

"That's because Lucille is a lazy slut, and everyone else is left picking up the pieces after she fucks up again. But yeah, dude, I'm from the Guild, I'm the administrator for your system, literally my first day on the job as an admin and I have to deal with a metagamer." she whines, making me stare at her blankly.

"Anyway, I'm Neith, might as well get it out of the way since we're gonna be dealing with each other for a few years at least… unless you die, which would be bad since if you die too early it means I fucked up as the admin." Neith admits.

"Well then, Neith… I look forward to working with you?" I half state and half ask, I'm still not quite sure about the proper etiquette with the guild members, but I have no reason to be impolite to the person running my system. "I was under the impression that Lucille was assigned to handle my case?"

"Please, Lucille is a glorified secretary. The big bosses don't trust her with any actual power since she tried to blackmail my dad into fighting her dad, and then killed him when dad told her to go fuck herself. Of course, dying doesn't really mean much for Gamers, but the point still stands. She's been 'grounded' for literal millenia because of it, so she isn't allowed to actually run a system." Neith explains as she sighs, moving around my desk and hopping up onto it, sitting on the edge in front of me. "And no, you haven't technically broken any rules, but I fucked up. Like I said, I'm new to this shit. You weren't supposed to go for all the options, and I need to make sure I'm not gonna get into trouble because of it. My mum makes this system shit look way easier than it is, but she's been running my dad's system for thousands of years." Neith admits, making me pause as she pulls out a phone, making a call.

After a moment she hops off the desk and starts to pace.

I realise I should focus on the potential trouble I'm in, but god damn does this girl have an amazing ass, her breasts are rather average in size, not that it detracts from her beauty, but her ass is fucking massive.

"Dad? Yeah, I wanted to ask you about the Supervillain system. So, if the user managed to get all four of the potential henchmen in the tutorial, would that fuck things up?" Neith asks as she paces around the room, frowning slightly. "...the fuck do you mean you don't know? You made the thing- okay, tell mom to stop sucking your dick and pass her the phone."

...her father seems like an interesting man.

"So it won't break anyth- ugh, please tell dad to wait two minutes before you two start fucking again, this is serious." Neith groans as she walks close enough to me for me to hear the other end of the call.

"You know how he get- Mhmm, how your dad gets… oh fuck, faster~ but it should be fine honey, me and the other Isis spent a long time patching out the bugs from the system before we released it. If anythi- Mhmm~ if anything, it means you probably got a pretty good user, it's the ambitious ones that go the furthest you know?" a sweet female voice says over the line, with the sounds of flesh slapping together being picked up by the phone as she moans.

"So I won't get into trouble just because he decided to start metagaming before he even got out of the tutorial?" Neith asks, barely phased by her parents having sex on the other end of the phone.

"No, honey, it's fine. Besides, his success is your success, system administrators and users should both want the other to succeed, it makes the relationship so much more enjoyable~" her mother says, moaning lewdly as Neith rolls her eyes.

"Okay, thanks mom. Love you… love you too dad, even if you are completely unhelpful." Neith grumbles, a male chuckle coming over the line.

Ending the call, she sighs as she leans against the desk, rolling her eyes.

"Your parents seem… interesting, I take it that was one of the Lord Kuro's that Lucille mentioned?" I ask, making her mod.

"Lord Kuro Tepes, the second gamer to actually survive long enough to matter, and my dad. My mother is called Isis, she used to be an incorporeal omnipotent being, but she was horny for dad since basically day one and she made herself a body so she could ride his mythical dick. That's dad for you, just because the girl doesn't have a body doesn't mean he can't knock them up. There's a reason I have an endless number of sisters, and most of them are fucking him too." Neith admits with a shrug. "It's good to be the immortal ruler of an entire Multiverse I guess, you get what you want and what dad wants is pussy."

"Impressive, and here I am trying to take over a single city." I say, making her laugh.

"Ehh, don't worry about it dude, all gamers have to start somewhere." Neith says, pushing my shoulder playfully. "But mom is right, I kinda need you to succeed because me and Lucille both get rated on how well our gamer does, can't believe I have to share a user with that bitch." she says as she sits on the edge of my desk.

"So, back on subject… I can continue with my plans to recruit the henchmen?" I ask, making her pause as she checks her phone.

"Well, dad just texted me and his exact words were 'do what you want, you're the admin', typical dad passing responsibility to other people, so yeah, I guess so." Neith admits. "I just wanted to make sure I wasn't giving that ice slut a reason to look down on me."

"I see, my thanks." I say calmly, making her shrug.

"It's my job, your success is my success and all that shit. You're right by the way, Squealer has more STDs than a truck-stop hooker, if you wanna put that big-tiddy bimbo to use you better get her cleaned up since you don't have Gamers Body for disease immunity yet. You need to prove you deserve the full Gamer skill set before it unlocks." Neith warns, making me nod thankfully.

"That was the plan, besides I need to actually get her under control first." I point out making her scoff.

"Please, she's a junkie, just lock her up and dangle some drugs in front of her after she starts to get withdrawal symptoms and she'd suck every dick in the Trainyard for a hit. Besides, once you've got her in the base, consent isn't really an issue." Neith says with a shrug, making me stare at her in slight shock. "What? If you were the sort of person to have those kinds of morals, you wouldn't have been offered the Supervillain system. You want something, you take it and fuck up anyone who gets in your way. I've seen your last life, blackmail and veiled threats were a daily thing for you, you made your business flourish at the cost of your rivals and your workers."

"Hm, is that a problem?" I ask, making her laugh. She's not wrong, I destroyed entire businesses, sent families into inescapable debt and crushed anyone who got in my way, all so I could benefit.

"Dude, you could have been a genocidal warlord and you still wouldn't have been the evilest recruit to the Guild. The Guild is a place where people who are willing to do anything to get what they want flourish, if anything that ruthlessness is probably why you got recruited in the first place." Neith explains. "We literally have serial killers, warlords and cannibals as users, a corrupt businessman is nothing."

"...cannibals?" I ask despite myself.

"All I'm saying is if you meet someone who has the Glutton system, fucking run dude. Bitches be crazy." Neith warns. "Actually, just assume every other Gamer is legitimately insane or just generally an asshole, you'll be right a lot more than you'll be wrong." Neith says with a shrug, making me sigh.

Nice to know what kind of Guild I've… 'joined'.

"Ahh, don't be like that, I mean if you play your cards right you could literally rule this world, or even dozens of worlds, unless you need the Guild's services you probably won't even seen any of the others, and on Guild grounds there are rules against fighting or attacking other Gamers, and you don't want to break the rules, Lord Grayson is a stickler for them and he kinda devours the souls of people who break them too many times."

"Don't break the rules if I don't want my soul to be eaten, understood." I say after a moment, taking a deep breath.

"Really, as long as you don't break the Guild rules, and I'll tell you them all before you ever step foot on guild grounds, and you finish your contractual obligations you can do whatever the hell you want. This world is your playground, and the Guild doesn't care what you do to it." Neith says, hopping off the desk, incidentally making her breasts bounce quite a lot, drawing my eyes despite my best attempts to avoid staring. "Dude, eyes are up here." Neith says with a deadpan tone, staring at me blankly for a moment as I go to apologise before she bursts out laughing. "I'm just fucking with ya, I don't care. If I didn't want people staring at me, I'd wear more, besides I know I'm sexy, got some of the best genes imaginable."

"My apologies, I shouldn't be staring at my… supervisor? Coworker? Boss's daughter?" I say, frowning in confusion.

"Eh, coworkers works I guess, we both work for the Guild, just in different areas. But seriously dude, stare all you like, I don't care. Girls don't get piercings if they don't want to show them off." Neith says casually, reaching up and squeezing the tit that has the piercing slightly, making my trousers grow slightly uncomfortable. "Heh, don't tell me it's that easy to get to you, been on a bit of a dry streak? Here, have a freebie." Neith says with a mischievous smile as she grips the bottom of her tiny top and lifts it, her breasts bursting free almost immediately as my cock grows rock hard.

She might not have the biggest breasts, but they are perfectly formed and deliciously pale with tiny pink nipples topping them, one of them having a small silver bar piercing.

Covering herself again, she gives me a smirk and glances down at the tent in my pants.

"Guess it's been a while if it's so easy to get you going, my advice? Grab the White Rabbit, Jaina is kinda a cold bitch but the Rabbit is a nympho, you clearly need to get your dick wet. Anyway, I need to get back to work, keeping this world running is more work than you'd think. Good luck with your meta-gaming, but don't expect me to give you any more freebies… game-wise or the fun kind. You want any more, you're gonna have to work for it." Neith teases, making me chuckle.

"You'll find I've never been afraid of a little hard work or hesitant to put in the effort to get what I want." I reply calmly, making her laugh back.

I can definitely work with this.


Neith -


Heading back to her office (that was just her bedroom, trust her father to make a system that could be run from her bed), she dropped down onto the bed with a slight frown.

Fucking Lucille.

Fuck she hated that bitch.

Jin was probably gonna be one to keep an eye on, if he was trying to get the absolute most out of the fucking tutorial of all places, but while it probably meant more work for her, now that she was sure she wasn't going to get into shit for it, she was starting to see the benefits.

The Guild was a very competitive place, and dozens of her sisters, along with Shiro's, Grayson's and the other Kuro's daughters were all in the same position she was in, administrating for a user.

Every user had two guild staff assigned to them, an admin and a manager, her and Lucille, and the better the user did the more the staff members were rewarded.

Jin's success was her success, and unfortunately also Lucille's success, but Lucille was buried in so much shit it'd take an industrial digger to get her out of it, so that wasn't really a problem.

Still, Jin was kinda cute…

Heh.

Oh well, she couldn't be too nice to him, since it'd look bad on both her end of period review and Jin's, but if Jin succeeded?

Well, Gamers did make the best lovers and that was one way to spite Lucille by making their shared user like her a hell of a lot more.

Not that being more likable than Lucille was particularly difficult.

Pausing as she rolled the random event generator, she paused as she looked at what came out, and then promptly rolled it again.

She was going to have words with her father, because day one Endbringer attacks didn't exactly make good game design.

As it came up with a second event, she paused for a moment and shrugged, lining it up for after the tutorial.

Honestly, she could have gotten a far worse user, since one of her sisters had a user who deliberately stayed in the tutorial for years to abuse its features.

She eventually got bored enough to start an apocalyptic event, then sat back and watched the world burn. A bored admin is a dangerous admin, a bored and annoyed admin is far more so.

It was why someone like Lucille wouldn't ever be trusted with any real power, she'd blow up the world within an hour because she didn't like something the user did.


Jin -


Changing into my new outfit, I place the masquerade mask on my face with a slight frown, I've never liked things covering my face but needs must I suppose.

Meeting my eight minions at the entrance to my underground lair, I check Squealers destination one last time before I nod to myself.

Opening the 'base building' mode again, I look at some of the options I didn't think were that important before. In the second underground floor, which currently only had my inner sanctum, I've added a small prison room and a single holding cell. I'll need to check out the research section for more unlocks later, but for now I have work to do.

"Right, you and you, stay behind and build the room I just planned out, the rest of you follow me." I order, setting off out of the building as I shake my head, stilling my nerves.

I'd rather sit at a desk and tell them all what to do, but I don't have the manpower or anyone talented enough to guarantee success without me being there to lead this operation in person.

I'll need to add a secret exit to my lair in the future, but it's late enough that nobody is lurking around to watch us leave, and once we are out of the warehouse and onto the streets, none of the few bums sleeping on the street are dumb enough to get in the way of seven masked men and women as we head through the streets.

Maybe the merchants will hear about us and come to investigate, but I intend to be back in the lair before those junkies can react.

Following the route I planned out, it only took us ten minutes to reach our destination and after taking a moment to stare, I have to wonder…

How in hell did Squealer manage this?

Looking at the vehicle currently embedded in the wall of a run-down building, I nod at my minions and watch as they move towards it slowly.

Also, how didn't the merchants hear this?

Skidmark is throwing a party, he hasn't even noticed Squealer hasn't returned yet. Squealer was already high when she was sent to get more drugs, and she took a load more before setting off back to base.

Ahh, thanks Neith.

"Boss! You were right, she's in the driver's seat." One of the minions shouts making me smile as I head closer myself, cautiously as I peer through the driver-side window.

Squealer is passed out against the wheel of the van, blood pouring from a gash in her forehead, and as I have a minion test the door handle, the door opens easily. She didn't even lock the doors?

"Pull her out." I order, watching one of my minions reach in and grab Squealer, holding her in a fireman's carry as he pulls her free from the van, no seatbelt of course.

While he does that, I do notice something interesting… Despite the crash, the van is in one piece, it didn't even damage the windscreen despite having smashed into a building.

The building definitely ended up worse for wear out of the two, and the keys are still in the ignition.

...is that button labelled 'cannon'?

Well, freeing White Rabbit just became a lot easier.


Huntress -


Watching as the new cape had his minions reverse the ugly tinker tech van from the building, she reached for her crossbow before she shook her head.

If there was one thing every cape should know, it was that you never attacked a cape if you didn't know what they could do.

It was what got so many independent capes killed, the lack of information. If she fired at him, she would give away her position and without knowing what the black and gold themed cape was capable of, that could be a death sentence.

She was fairly certain the men in jumpsuits were just uniformed thugs, which meant that this was a new gang since the ABB didn't dress their foot soldiers like that, and she was fairly certain the suited man was the Asian man she had come looking for.

As much as she hated it, as she watched them pile into the of the van, throwing Squealer into the back, she disengaged and reached for her phone instead.

First came the intelligence gathering stage, she could act on it when she knew more about what she was dealing with.

Even if that meant watching a new cape kidnap Squealer.

"Huntress, you have something for me?" the calm voice on the other end of the line asked as she watched the van drive away, in the opposite direction from the warehouse they came from.

"I do, Oracle. A new gang has moved into Merchant territory, and they've already made a move. Just watched them drive off with Squealer unconscious in the back of her own van." Huntress reported. "Looks like they've taken over a warehouse in the Docks. No idea what the leader's power is, but he wears a black and gold suit and an elaborate masquerade mask."

She didn't work for Oracle, but if you were an independent hero in Brockton, Oracle was your best source of information.

She'd never even met the clearly young girl, but Oracle's information had kept her safe on multiple occasions.

"Odd, this is the first time I've heard of any new gangs moving in, and it's not a good sign if they are already trying to claim territory… I'll look into it, call my sources and get back to you. Thanks for the tip, Huntress."

Ending the call, she shook off the guilt she felt at just letting Squealer get taken away. The Tinker was a villain and she couldn't risk picking a fight with an unknown cape, not when her own power wasn't exactly impressive.

Checking her messages, she smiled slightly as she spotted a new one.

'Got a patrol without a babysitter for once, wanna bust some ABB heads? SS'

Having a ward idolise her made her feel a little better, and busting some petty criminals sounded like a wonderful idea right now.

She knew the Protectorate knew about Shadow Stalker occasionally teaming-up with her, but they hadn't said anything about it so she wasn't going to either.

Even if it was technically against protocol to work with independent capes without permission.

But when had she ever given a fuck about PRT protocol?


Jin -


My minions can drive, good to know.

Sitting in the back of the van, I calmly wait for us to reach our second destination as I keep an eye on the unconscious Squealer.

Her welding mask came off during the crash, and seeing her this up close I have to say it's a damn shame she let her looks go to waste.

She was clearly beautiful, once, but even if you cleaned the dirt, blood and grease stains off her, she's a shadow of her former self.

Needle marks, scars, bloodshot eyes, and a dozen of other signs of excessive drug use have ruined what beauty she had, and I'm fairly certain I can see the telltale signs of a dozen STDs after I peek through her clothes out of curiosity.

Also, the tattoo above her crotch saying 'Squealers Garage' with an arrow pointing to her pussy isn't exactly appealing.

Still… holy shit look at the size of those tits, what the fuck does Skidmark feed her?

You know, when you get out of the tutorial you'll have access to the guild services, our healers can fix her up… for a price.

Somehow I doubt they take dollars.

Hah, no.
They take guild credits, which you get by doing your guild obligations. They'll start appearing when you get out of the tutorial.
Or, you can go into the base research and rush to the advanced medbay, that would work as well.

I'll keep that in mind, my thanks Neith.

No problem, dude.
You're right after all, she'll be hot as fuck when she's fixed up, it's a crime against horniness that she looks like that.
Hell, you know what? Fuck it. Dad's right, I'm the admin and I can do what I want.

Guild Obligation received
Objective: Fix Squealer's fucked up body, then make her squeal
Reward: 50 Guild Credits
Time limit: 1 Week

Seriously?

Hell yeah.
Tell you what, get it done in… three days and I'll give you a secret bonus reward.
You'll love it, dude.

I'll keep that in mind, though how exactly I'm going to get her fixed in such a short amount of…

Never mind, I have a plan but I'll need to work out the kinks.

I can remember a few things from Worm, and I have a plan to get Squealer all healed up. I just need to find a way to get in contact with a certain healer.

Ooh, I like where you're going with this.

But for now, let's free a rabbit from the trap she stepped in.


Jaina Hudson -


With her hands cuffed, she sat in the back of the car with two PRT agents wearing civilian clothes sitting on either side of her.

She'd messed up, or to be more precise the White Rabbit had messed up and left enough evidence to lead the PRT to Jaina, that was the problem with having an alter ego that came with its own body that she couldn't control.

She couldn't just not summon her either, eventually the White Rabbit would summon herself if she was denied far too long, and sometimes she showed up at… incredibly problematic moments.

The Rabbit did what she wanted to do, and unfortunately she decided to steal Armsmaster's helmet… from his civilian home.

This meant all bets were off, and instead of wasting their time chasing the Rabbit, they just showed up at her home and cuffed her, forcing her to dismiss the Rabbit mid-heist as they took her back to the Rig.

She was fairly certain she was going to be forcibly recruited into the Protectorate, likely shipped off to some city a long way from here where people hadn't heard of the White Rabbit, or sent to jail if she refused.

And Jaina Hudson had no powers, she didn't have the Rabbits speed or agility. Neither of those options exactly thrilled her, but she was practical enough to know when she was caught.

Sighing to herself, she looked out of the window for a moment before her eyes widened in shock, a hideously ugly van driving towards them at the intersection at incredible speeds, the PRT troopers shouting something as the van drove right in front of them, forcing the driver to swerve desperately, the side of their car hitting the van, throwing them all around.

As the shock wore off, she watched the van pull back, and the hood open up as a massive fucking gun slid out, aiming at their car.

The back of the van opened up, and a well dressed man in a fancy masquerade mask walked out, a smirk on his exposed lower face as he walked towards them calmly.

"Good evening, gentlemen. Now, I have no quarrels with you all, but I'm afraid you've got something I want… well, someone. Uncuff Miss Hudson and let her out of the car, and we won't have any issues." The man said, his voice cultured as he stared them down. "If you don't comply… well, I am curious just how powerful this little thing really is." He continued patting the gun. "Tick tock, gentlemen… I'm on a bit of a schedule, so I'm afraid I'm going to have to insist you decide quickly."

Watching the troopers quietly argue, she jumped as the gun fired a short burst, hitting the ground next to the car as the troopers all flinched, one of them nodding as the other grabbed the keys for her cuffs and released her, opening the car door and stepping out so she could leave the car.

"Excellent, I'm glad we could come to an agreement. Now, Miss Hudson, if you'd like to join me." the masked man said, making her hesitate before she moved over to him.

She didn't want to test the man with the big gun. The Rabbit loved the danger, she certainly did not.

"Gentlemen, please leave the car in an orderly fashion." he ordered, watching them climb out of the car slowly before he nodded to the van, the turret firing a dozen rounds into the car engine as he turned to her. "I believe we need to talk, Miss Hudson, but let's vacate the area before their friends show up."

As he spoke, he offered her his hand and after a moment she took it, following him as they climbed into the back of the van.

It was unnerving to be surrounded by so many masked people, and an unconscious woman, but as she sat down in the back of the van the main masked man smiled at her.

"Now then, allow me to introduce myself. I am Midas, a new cape in Brockton Bay, and I'd like you to join my new organisation. Your reputation precedes you, White Rabbit, and it'd be a waste to see you thrown into prison or forced to play hero." Midas said, before frowning. "I apologise for the… state of my transport, it's newly acquired from the merchants, I intend to have Squealer here make me something more suitable once she comes around."

"...I take it I don't have a choice?" Jaina asked, making him chuckle. The fact that the blonde was Squealer set her at ease a bit, because who gave a shit about what happened to Merchants? It also meant Midas wasn't a Merchant himself,

"Of course you do, say the word and I'll pull over and let you out. You'll owe me for breaking you out… but tell me, what's going to stop the PRT from going after your civilian identity again?" Midas said, his tone confident as he stared her down.

"Nothing." Jaina agreed, sighing. She didn't want to go to prison, and she wanted to join the PRT even less. "Fine, let's talk."

She didn't know if he'd actually let her leave if she didn't like his responses, but with her hands unbound and the PRT left in their dust, she certainly felt slightly more hopeful than she did five minutes ago.

"Excellent, it's so nice to meet someone capable of intelligent discussion. I somehow doubt Squealer will be quite so reasonable." Midas said happily, clapping his hands together.

"The Rabbit stole her bike once, trust me, reasonable isn't how I'd describe her." Jaina admitted, smirking slightly.


Hookwolf -


Lunging forwards, he easily shredded his way through the walking plants, their size meaning fuck all when put against his blades.

The entire gardens groaned as he did so, the vines flailing as he smirked, they couldn't talk but if they could they'd be screaming, he knew pain when he saw it.

He was hurting the fucker who came and set up shop in the middle of Empire turf, and the lashing vines barely even stung as he tore them apart.

Kaiser didn't like independent capes on Empire turf, he liked a new cape claiming even a single building in their turf even less, and while this new bitch had sent the PRT running, they were pussies.

Personally he'd just like to tear the green bitch in two, but Kaiser was a long-term kinda guy and he saw the potential in her power of control plants and he wanted her on their side, especially with how many capes the chinks had been grabbing lately, and since she went and set up shop in their territory it meant that they weren't going for the soft-sell.

The flower bitch was joining, if she was smart she'd fold and come along quietly after he tore his way through her pathetic defences, but he was kinda hoping she'd be dumb.

As long as she was in mostly one piece when he took her back, Kaiser wouldn't care. They had ways to make sure their 'recruits' stayed loyal, even if they had to rely on the Gesellschaft for a lot of it. They didn't have any Masters, but their allies across the ocean did.

If the green bitch was stupid enough to think she could take him on, he'd enjoy putting her in her place.

Working through the thick jungle of vines and plant creatures, he quickly found his way to the very centre, glaring at the large flower as it started to open, the giant petals parting as his target strutted out of it, green skin on display as only a leotard made of leaves covered her body.

Green eyes glared down at him from her elevated position, a mane of fiery red hair the only thing on her that wasn't a shade of green.

"Another intruder? You aren't PRT, but I know you… Hookwolf." she drawled, staring down at him.

Slowly shifting from back to his regular form, he stared up at her with a smirk hidden behind his metal mask. Oh, he really hoped she made this a fight.

He'd never fucked a green bitch before, and she had one fucking sexy body. Plus, she didn't look foreign, despite the green skin.

"Yeah, that's right bitch. This is Empire turf, you thought you could just walk in here and claim it for yourself?" Brad said with a sneer, making her raise an eyebrow.

"Empire turf? I think not, this place belongs to the plants, not man or beast. Certainly not scum like you, who manage to be both." she sneered back, making his smirk grow.

"I'll give you one chance, Kaiser has sent me to bring you into the fold. You're Empire now, bitch, whether you like it or not. So… you gonna- gonna…" Brad said, her sneer growing into a smirk as his words slurred.

He… he needed to…

What was he doing?

"This is the infamous Hookwolf? Pathetic." she said as he stared up at her, she was displeased with him? What had he done, her disapproval stung deeply and as the petal she was standing on lowered her to the ground and she strutted towards him, he could only watch in awe. "Kneel."

Unwilling or unable to displease her anymore than he already had, he dropped to his knees before her and stared up at her in adoration.

Something about this didn't seem right, but with his mistress right here how could anything be wrong?


Pamela Isley -


Staring down at the Nazi Cape in disgust, she considered just having him end his life here and now, but instead she paused.

She didn't pay attention to the cape scene when she was just… Pamela, so she didn't realise that the gardens she loved so much had been in Empire territory.

But even if they were, she wasn't moving. This was the only place in all of Brockton that called to her, the exotic plants and mistreated trees whispering to her, begging for her help.

She hadn't meant to kill the PRT troopers, but she was set on this path now, she'd woken up to the feeling of them burning the plants that covered his lab, and as the plants burnt so did she, she felt everything they felt, just as she had when Hookwolf tore his way through her babies.

If her killing PRT troops hadn't doomed her to villainy, her secondary power certainly had as she mastered Assault and made him turn on Battery, attempting to kill Battery for attacking her.

She used the distraction to flee as they struggled to get him with the containment foam, and once she had calmed down she realised exactly what she'd done.

She gave off pheromones that made those who breathed them in… adore her, and right now the Empire had just gifted her a protector for her gardens.

The Nazi gang wouldn't leave her alone, neither would the PRT, and she wasn arrogant enough to think that her pheromones wouldn't be countered quickly enough.

They'd be better prepared next time, and as much as common sense screamed at her to flee Brockton, head into the wilds away from all this… lifeless concrete, she couldn't bring herself to leave the gardens.

To make it worse, she was sure the PRT knew her real name, it wouldn't be hard to work out who she was since she'd worked at the lab where she triggered for months.

As her plants detected more movement, she paused as she looked through the 'eyes' of one of her babies, watching a man in a black jumpsuit and mask enter the gardens cautiously.

"Hello? I have a message for your creator? Please don't eat me." He said calmly, pulling out a seal envelope as she stared in bemusement.

Who the hell would send her a letter after all this?

As much as she wanted to just crush the newest invader, curiosity got the better of her and she made her creations step aside, the already regrown overgrowth parting to allow the man to pass through, watching as he calmly made his way towards her, letter in hand.

"If this new man tried anything, rip him in two." Pamela said calmly, sitting on a vine as Hookwolf readied himself, her new protector already showing his worth.

Just because this man looked relatively harmless, didn't mean he actually was, and she wasn't going to take any chances.

Hookwolf didn't exactly look intimidating in his human form, and he could have torn her apart if he hadn't stopped to talk.

"Umm, hello?" the man said as he moved forwards, immediately breathing in her pheromones without realising it as she smirked, hopping off her vime.

"You had a message for me?" she drawled, walking towards him with a sway to her hips. Her pheromones seemed more effective on men, and there was no denying that it made them want her, so why not play it up.

"Yes, ma'am. My boss asked me to deliver this to you." he said, his tone clear and his gaze not wandering at all as he offered her the letter.

Wait, why wasn't this working? She could feel her pheromones moving through his body, but they weren't having any actual effect.

"And who is your boss?" Pamela asked coldly, taking a defensive stance as she stared at the man in confusion and worry.

How did this 'boss' already find a way to counter her powers? She'd only used them three times, and she'd already found someone who could stop them.

"He hasn't picked a cape name yet… or he has and didn't tell me." the man said easily, making her pause. So it was a 'he' and he was as new to the cape scene as she was.

Taking the letter, she opened it up and started reading.

Dear Dr. Isley

I do hope you'll forgive me for referring to you by your real name, but as neither of us have cape names yet (at least as far as I can tell) I didn't see the point in pretending I don't know who you are. Your trigger event was rather extravagant after all, a dozen PRT troopers dead and a Protectorate Cape mastered, right in your former place of work.

Pausing, she admitted he had a point. His handwriting was incredibly neat, and the paper she was holding felt expensive.

I am a newly triggered cape, a Thinker/Stranger to be exact, and I have ambitions for this city. While my trigger was rather a lot more subtle than yours, it doesn't change the fact that it's only a matter of time before I get the attention of the various gangs, as you already have, and independent capes do not last long in this city, not without allies. Simply put, I'm proposing an alliance between us against the already established powers in Brockton, gangs and PRT alike.

I believe our own goals are rather compatible, as I have no desire to harm what little nature has survived in Brockton.

If an alliance is too much for now, a non-aggression pact will suffice, as we both have bigger things to worry about than the other.

…he already knew way too much about her. She didn't pay attention to the cape scene, but she had heard of Thinkers and it put her on edge. Thinker was a large category, including people who could predict the future, this could have been written before she'd even triggered.

Or maybe she was just being paranoid, and he'd deliberately said he was a thinker to put her on edge.

He wasn't wrong though, she couldn't afford another enemy now that she'd started a war with the Empire and the PRT in one day, but an alliance?

With someone she'd never even seen?

I understand that this isn't something you can decide on the spot, but I wanted to reach out as soon as possible, please take your time and consider my offer.

I'm a patient man.

King Midas

King Midas? That was a… gaudy name, though it did remind her that she really needed to think about her own name.

Still, he wasn't demanding an answer immediately like a 'king' would, and as she sat back down, staring at his minion, she chuckled slightly as she spotted the golden embroidery on his black jumpsuit.

Of course Midas would have a golden theme.

"Leave, tell your master that I will… consider his proposal carefully." Pamela said cooly, making the minion let out a sigh of relief.

He thought she'd kill him, and he marched in her anyway, what did Midas do to garner such loyalty?

Watching him leave, she leaned back in her seat and sighed.

She could already tell dealing with this Thinker would be a headache.

But she had work to do, the Empire wouldn't take this lying down and she needed to prepare for their inevitable assault.

Pamela Isley was dead, now there was only Poison Ivy.


Bonus Scene - Emily Piggot - AN


If she wasn't so composed, she'd be beating her head against the desk as she looked over the reports of what had happened in the past two days.

Only in Brockton Bay.

The realisation that they had an out-of-town villain performing experiments on his lab assistants had sent them into action and as per usual, everything had immediately gone to shit.

The Floronic Man, an incredibly stupid name, had escaped before they even arrived at his lab, but he'd left them a nasty surprise in the form of one of his lab assistants, poisoned and triggered.

From the after action report, Armsmaster theorised that this new plant cape could feel what the plants around her felt, and the usual operating procedure for dealing with the Floronic Man was to burn the plant life around the area to prevent him from weaponising it.

So the new cape probably woke up to the feeling of being burnt alive and immediately lashed out. She'd be understanding if it hadn't resulted in her men being literally torn limb from limb by unnaturally tough vines, with giant plant monsters growing out of the ground and smashing up their vans.

To make everything worse, Assault had tried to get close enough to reason with the screaming green-skinned cape and the moment he reached her, he stopped, turned around and attacked Battery, catching her off guard long enough to break one of her ribs.

And his ability to resist containment foam meant they wasted so much time trying to pin him down that the new cape escaped, rampaging across three blocks to the botanical gardens, which she promptly turned into a living jungle.

A living, angry, jungle.

Then she mastered Hookwolf, just for good measure.

Because of course she did, why not start a war during your first day as a cape, the Empire wouldn't take this lying down and even worse, the ABB were smelling blood in the water.

Hookwolf was one of their most dangerous enforcers, and without him the ABB were already testing the Empire's ability to defend itself

But of course, it wouldn't be Brockton if she only had a gang war and a possibly crazy master/bio-shaker to worry about.

For months, the White Rabbit had humiliated them, stealing from right under their noses and broadcasting their failure to stop her to the world, and when they finally got the smug bitch... someone busted her out before they could even get her to a holding cell.

The car they used to transport her was made to be as nondescript as possible, it shouldn't have even garnered a raised eyebrow. The last thing they needed was one of the gangs having the White Rabbit on their payroll, she was annoying enough on her own.

And the disguise had worked, right up until one of Squealer's vans slammed it off the road, strange men and women in black jumpsuits and masks freeing the thief and holding her men at cannon-point.

Of course, this was after she got reports of Squealer being kidnapped by men in black jumpsuits, and that meant someone somewhere had the White Rabbit and Squealer, and judging by the man in the masquerade mask she had reports of leading the jumpsuit wearing men, she knew exactly what she was dealing with.

A new gang, just what Brockton needed.

She even knew where they were, it wasn't hard to track them back to the abandoned warehouse, but with a gang war about to flare up, she couldn't spare the manpower to go after them.

And even if she could, with no idea what the new cape's power was, they couldn't risk assaulting his hideout yet anyway.

Thankfully, she could count on Skidmark to help them find out what his power was because that lunatic wouldn't waste any time with his Tinker missing, and a war between the Merchants and this new gang was inevitable.

So, two gang wars and a master.

Just a normal week in Brockton Bay.

Authors Note: I have no note
"Sanity and happiness are an impossible combination."
― Mark Twain

​
My Discord, come here for porn and also sometimes fics: https://discord.gg/wd3tUYWVCd

My Patreon, I promise to spend any money given to me irresponsibly: https://www.patreon.com/TheDarkWolfShiro​
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Will00, Leith, Sypho.uad and 1,136 others
The Dark Wolf Shiro
May 13, 2021
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 03: Bunnies and Blackmail
View content
The Dark Wolf Shiro
The Dark Wolf Shiro
Everyone Hail to the Pumpkin King
JoinedApr 1, 2019
Messages9,336
Likes received960,957
May 19, 2021
Add bookmark
#272
Disclaimer: I own nothing but my own original characters and works, if you recognise it from somewhere else, surprise it isn't mine.
Discord Link: discord .gg/ wd3tUYWVCd
Pat reon Link: Pat reon .com/TheDarkWolfShiro
Betad by morde24

The Guild of Gamers: The Supervillain
Chapter 03: Bunnies and Blackmail


Johnathan Crane (Scarecrow) -


Staring at the letter in his hand, he rubbed his chin as he admired the penmanship of the villain who had sent him such a polite recruitment attempt.

It was far more subtle than the usual threats or kidnapping, a breath of fresh air to see a villain so reasonable.

The subtle threat of having it delivered to his rented apartment while he was sleeping was a delightful touch, designed to induce paranoia and make it clear that this Midas could have had him killed or kidnapped had he wished to.

A lesser cape would have taken it personally, or spouted about the unwritten rules while they fled, but he could admire the act for what it was, a way to establish the power balance between them and make Midas a person to be feared in his head. Really it was delightful to see someone else use it so effectively.

The letter was on his kitchen table, the door to his apartment unlocked (by a key stolen from the apartment block manager's office, as his quick investigation showed), which only helped Midas's well argued points for why he should join up with him.

Dear Dr. Crane,

My apologies for so rudely approaching you outside of your cape persona, but Johnathan Crane is easier to track down than the Scarecrow.

My name is King Midas, a new cape looking to become the one true power in Brockton Bay, and I am hoping to gain your assistance in this mission.

I am an admirer of your work and it has been brought to my attention that you lack the funding and equipment to continue your research into the effect of fear on the human mind. It would pain me to see your research stalled by a lack of resources, or to see you talents wasted in one of the other gangs, the ABB wouldn't take you because you are not Asian, and they are almost as racist as the Empire, the Empire are deluded fools following the rhetoric of a mad man, Coil is an untrustworthy snake, and the Merchants…

Well, they are the Merchants.

I am offering you funding for your experiments, a constant supply of test subjects, and a private lab where you can continue your work.

I don't expect a response immediately, I only ask that you consider all your options before making a decision, as it would be a shame to have to kill you because you joined one of my enemies, or became an obstacle in the future. I won't apologise for the threat, I simply understand the threat your research would pose me should you join one of my rivals.

King Midas, the hopeful ruler of Brockton Bay

Placing the letter down, he started making his breakfast with an approving smile. It held the right mixture of respect and intimidation.

Midas appreciated his talents while making it clear that if he became a threat, he'd show no mercy. It made sense, Midas wouldn't risk him giving his talents to those he intended to dethrone.

He came here to find funding for his research, and take advantage of the chaos of Brockton Bay, but Midas wasn't wrong about his options.

The Merchants were fools, and while they might take him in they'd want him making more drugs to peddle, the ABB would kill him which was a shame since he admired Lung's ability to rule through fear.

The Empire or Coil were his best bets, but Coil put him on edge, and the Empire? Well, villain or not, he had no desire to add a swastika to his uniform. Maybe it was the American in him, but fuck Nazi's.

It didn't change the fact that Kaiser was one of the more reasonable gang leaders, and the Empire's power and wealth meant they could fund his experiments.

Midas was an unknown, but an unknown who had already demonstrated a drive that impressed him. Tracking him down wasn't as hard as he would like it to be, he had no doubt his former employers knew who he was, but the PRT had left him to his devices despite his rather abrupt firing.

He needed security and funding, and Midas may just be able to provide both.

But as with every decision, he had research to do first.

Jaina -

"Okay, the underground lair is fairly impressive." Jaina admitted, she was slightly disdainful when she first saw the warehouse but the underground section was much more impressive, as was the office she was standing in, sitting in a comfy chair before Midas's impressively large desk.

"It's a temporary solution, I intend to acquire a far larger and more impressive base in the near future." Midas admitted, leaning back in his seat as she stared at him.

The entire room had a golden theme, not gaudy thankfully but almost everything had a tasteful golden touch to it.

She was starting to see a pattern.

"Let's just get this over with, why did you bust me out and what do you want from me?" Jaina asked coldly, unwilling to show the fear she was feeling.

She was in a villain's lair, and if he decided to dispose of her she doubted there was anything the White Rabbit could do to save her.

Her power flourished when she herself was far away from the action, which made her current situation very precarious.

"Simply put, I want you to join my organisation. The White Rabbit is an incredibly effective thief, and I want those talents in my group." Midas explained, making her nod. "As for what I can provide, I can protect you which you definitely need after the PRT has shown its willingness to go after you in your civilian identity, and I am willing to negotiate the terms of your employment."

"And if I decide I don't want to join you? If I decide to remain independent?" Jaina asked, making Midas chuckle.

"Then you are free to leave, though I may wish to hire you in the future, and if you steal from me I will deal with you in a rather permanent fashion." Midas said casually, making her scoff.

"I'm not foolish enough to steal from someone who knows my real identity." Jaina agreed.

"But is the Rabbit?" Midas asked, making her wince at the question. The White Rabbit's love of risk had gotten her into this mess, could she say it wouldn't happen again?

If the Rabbit saw his words as a challenge, she could end up dead for her recklessness.

"Ask her yourself." Jaina deflected, calling on her power as she briefly flashed, the White Rabbit leaning on her chair from behind when the light faded, a sly smirk on her face.

"My, my~ it looks like we've been caught, Jaina~ well, you have, I could get out of here easily." The White Rabbit taunted, making her roll her eyes.

"And then you'd vanish because I'd be dead, or forced to dismiss you. Don't antagonise him." Jaina ordered, making the Rabbit scowl.

She couldn't truly control her projection, but she tended to listen most of the time.

"Aww~ fine, I'll play nice." The White Rabbit said with a pout, moving around her. "So, the King wants a pet rabbit? Are you going to put a collar around our neck, keep us chained to your throne, on our knees ready to serve you?" she asked, climbing onto his desk and crawling towards him, making Jaina sigh.

The Rabbit loved causing trouble, and teasing a supervillain was a hell of a way to do it.

"I have no intention of collaring you, no matter how good you'd look on your knees. You're an adrenaline junkie, you'd thrash against any attempts to control you. No I simply want to be able to point your talents in a direction that benefits me. I know you are wealthy, or to be more precise you were wealthy, as I'm sure the PRT has frozen your funds, so I know you didn't steal for wealth. You'll still be able to steal as much as you want, I'm simply offering you protection from the consequences." Midas offered, making The Rabbit smirk as she hopped off the desk, directly into his lap.

"Oh? Did you hear that Jaina, the big powerful supervillain is going to protect us~" The Rabbit teased, turning around as she leaned back against his chest, rubbing her barely covered ass into his crotch. "All we have to do is whatever he wants. Shall I change my colour scheme to a black and gold corset, with 'Property of Midas' tattooed on my tight little ass?"

"That won't be necessary, white and pink looks good on you." Midas complimented easily, making the Rabbits lips twitch.

"It looks better off me, wanna see?" The Rabbit giggled, as Jaina coughed, drawing their attention.

She could feel something hard against her ass, and it was unnerving. That was the worst part about the Rabbit, she could feel everything the Rabbit felt.

Like Midas's erection pressing against her thong-clad ass. It made the Rabbit's nymphomania a bit of an issue.

"I didn't summon you so you could flirt, what do you think? We… might not be able to afford being independent anymore. We'd definitely have to leave the city, avoid anywhere that the PRT has a strong presence." Jaina said making the Rabbit scowl.

"I run, but I don't flee. I'm not leaving the city because the PRT decided to be competent for once. It's too much fun playing with Armsmaster, I don't want to move." The Rabbit whined, resting her head on Midas's shoulder as she pouted. "I guess we have to let the big strong man protect us, and pay him back like the grateful princess we are~ I hope there's a lot of room under that desk, we'll probably be spending a lot of time under it."

"Fine, we accept. The White Rabbit will steal for you, but that's all. " Jaina said bluntly, she wasn't going to let the Rabbit put ideas in his head.

"Aww~ don't listen to little miss prudey pants, I'll do a lot more than steal, ever heard the saying 'fuck like rabbits?'" The White Rabbit asked with a sultry smile, hoping off his lap and immediately bending over his desk, shaking her ass at him.

Despite her reluctance, she couldn't deny she was impressed that his eyes never moved from her face., causing the Rabbit to pout at being ignored.

"Excellent, I'll make sure you never have a reason to regret this, Miss Hudson." Midas said as he rose, moving around the desk and reaching up, her eyes widening as he pulled off his mask, giving her a gentle smile. "Jin Yukimura, sometimes known as Midas, it's a pleasure to meet you and I look forward to working with you."

Returning his smile, she took his offered hand and shook it, grateful for the security of knowing his real name. It gave her a way to hurt him if he turned on her.

That it was completely unnecessary with such an imbalance of power between them, only made the gesture even more meaningful.

"A pleasure Jin, when do we start?" Jaina asked, making him smile.

"I've had my minions make you a private room, let me know if you have any requests and I'll have it adjusted, I want you to be comfortable here." Jin offered as she gave him a look.

"How generous, what's the catch?" Jaina asked bluntly, making him chuckle.

"No catch, I've just found that happy workers are motivated workers. It's leadership 101, if you're happy then you'll be loyal, and that makes me happy. There's a minion outside the office waiting to lead you to your room."

"Ahh, now that I can deal with. Rabbit, get off his desk and come with me." Jaina said bluntly, making Rabbit pout again.

"Aww~ no time for a team-building threesome? Fine~" the Rabbit whined, moving off the desk.

"It's been a long day, I need some sleep and I'll need more clothes soon." Jaina said, making him nod idly.

"I'll arrange for it, go get some rest." Jin said kindly, making her smile back slightly. This wasn't ideal, but it could be worse.

Leaving his office, she followed behind the masked minion to a rather high-class bedroom, it wasn't quite her style but she'd wait a bit before making demands for better accommodations.

She needed to prove she was worth the effort first, Jin was a supervillain after all, and she knew better than to test his patience.

"So, I'm gonna fuck him, you know that right?" White Rabbit added as she jumped onto the bed, bouncing on it like a child.

"I figured as much. Why are you such a slut?" Jaina groaned, making her laugh.

"Because I'm everything you tried to suppress, obviously. Don't worry, I'll tell you all about it~ oh wait, I don't need to, you'll feel it all yourself." The White Rabbit teased, doing a flip off the bed, vanishing as she landed.

Such a show off.


Jin -


Chuckling to myself, I make a note to keep an eye on the Rabbit. Jaina got into trouble because she gave her projection too much space, and too much freedom to do whatever she wanted.

I am absolutely collaring the rabbit, despite my words, I'm just not going to be so blatant about it.

The Rabbit is an adrenaline junkie, possibly a nymphomaniac, and she clearly had a thing for being chased, while Jaina seems far more reasonable and collected, but I can work with both of them.

Opening the research section on my desk computer, I start to look through my many, many options.

As part of the tutorial, I can take one piece of research for free, without the cost or time that would be needed ordinarily, and I already have an idea over what I want.

There's plenty of categories, but the one I go into is simply labelled 'Cyber Warfare', and the first node in the tree unlocks a couple of different things.

It unlocks a new minion type called Hacker Minions, a new room type labelled the server room, and a few new thingsincluding servers, computers, and other assorted computer related things.

You see, I was looking over the capabilities of the different minion types (that I can see for now, most of the research options are hidden in a foggy texture until I advance through their tree), and while it'd be nice to have the guard minions and their combat capabilities, or the thief minion, I want to see my first guild obligations finished as soon as possible, and while there is a Doctor minion, the tech I'd need to heal Squealer is too far up the tree for me to get so soon.

Auto-completing the research, I quickly make a server room and look over the minion management panel.

I have a minion cap, based on the size of my base and how many beds and lockers I have for my minions, and while the game gave me some starter funds… I'm quickly running out.

But needs must, and placing the order for more lockers and beds in an expanded barracks, I quickly burn through most of my remaining funds.

The base will slowly make minions up to the minion cap, which is now at 30, and while it only makes basic worker minions, they can be trained into more advanced minions, and in the server room there is a desk with a computer that is simply labelled the 'Hacker trainer', where one of my basic minions is already hard at work at the station, and on my minion management screen I can see a meter slowly filling as she does so.

I've set it to 25 workers and 5 hackers for now, I only need a few for my current scheme, but they can also passively gather funds through hacking, at the risk of slowly building up heat until I've got better cyber security to stop them from being tracked back here.

This base is definitely already compromised, and I'll need to look into a more secure base soon, but I always intended for this place to be a temporary hideout.

Like I'd ever live under a rotting warehouse willingly.

"Boss, you wanted to know if the prisoner woke up… she woke up." one of my minions says over the radio as I chuckle, my minions might be loyal but they aren't the smartest.

"I'm on my way." I reply as I rise, locking my pc and heading down to meet my future engineer.

It doesn't take me long to reach the prison, with a single holding cell in it, and it takes me even less time to hear the evidence of Squealer being awake for myself.

"Let me out of here you fucking limp-dicked assholes, I'm gonna shove my blowtorch up your asses and make the flames come out of your shitty mouths!"

It's almost impressive, considering I'm still half way down the corridor,

Entering the prison, I nod to the two minions I have stationed outside the room and enter.

"Who the fuck are you, you gaudy cock-sucking bastard?! Let me out of here or Skiddy is gonna cut your tiny dick off and-" Squealer rants as I approach her cell.

"Yes, yes, I'm sure your junkie owner is very upset that I kidnapped his pet tinker, I don't care." I interrupt.

"Pet?! I'm his fucking girlfriend, and if you if you don't let me go he's gonna-" Squealer starts making me chuckle.

"Girlfriend? Somehow I doubt that, after all you're the merchant's party favour, passed around more than any of your drugs. I'm sure the merchants are very sad their favourite sex toy is missing, but you'll find I don't fear a bunch of doped out morons." I deadpan, watching as she charges the glass door of the holding cell.

The holding cells are simply a fairly large box with glass walls and a door, but the glass is far, far stronger than it looks and Squealer just bounces off it.

"I am his girl, asshole! Skiddy just thinks that good work should be rewarded, and I'm hot enough that I make a good reward, it's team building!" Squealer shrieks, making me raise an eyebrow. "Besides, he rewards me for rewarding them, so everyone wins!

"Lovely, truly your 'boyfriend' has mastered the art of leadership." I deadpan, making her straighten up with a smug smile.

"Yeah, Skiddy has and that's why you're fucked. You know how many merchants there are?! There's like- well it's a lot, and they're all gonna fuck you up if you don't let me go, probably gonna fuck your little pretty boy ass as well. We'll see who's been passed around then, you fucking faggot." Squealer threatens as I sigh, unlocking her cell.

As the door slides open, she gives me a very smug look as she moves forwards.

"That's a good lil bitch, I'll put in a good word for you with Skiddy, maybe he'll even make the guys use lube when he comes and makes you pay for grabbing me, bet you'll even enjoy it you-"

The swift backhand to her cheek stops her incessant insults, making her squeal in pain as she falls to the floor, staring at me in shock.

"You hit me! You aren't allowed to hit me, Skids-" she starts again as she rises, quickly falling to the floor again as I backhand her again.

"Let me be very clear, Sherrel Bailey, I grabbed you because your Tinker power has potential in the right hands, and you will be joining my organisation eventually. The only question is how much I have to hurt you before you fold, you won't be leaving here, and even if the merchants manage to find us and try to bust you out I'll just kill you." I say coldly, watching her stare at me in shock.

Interesting, she isn't used to pain. I expected her to be more used to it, but I can use that.

She reacts the exact way I expect her to, stupidly.

Rising to her feet, she charges me like a drunken bull and with a sigh I simply take a back step as she throws an amateurish punch at me, retaliating with a swift uppercut to her chin sending her tumbling back to the ground again.

I boxed in college, people were always surprised I didn't do martial arts instead but frankly that is racist and I prefer the simplicity of boxing.

I stopped after I moved into the family business, but I remember the basics, and I'm good enough to handle a malnourished junkie with no idea how to fight.

"You hit me again! Only Skiddy is allowed to hit me, you stupid mother fucker! You think I'm gonna work for you cause you punched me?! Skids does worse to me in bed, you're gonna pay for this." Squealer rants, making me chuckle.

"Of course not, the punch was to put you back in your cell. The actual pain comes later. You will break, one way or the other." I say simply, making her glare at me.

"So what? Gonna rape me? Go ahead, I probably won't even feel your tiny pinprick." Squealer taunts as I sigh.

I really don't like being insulted or threatened, and every word out of her mouth is a scream I'll extract from her later.

I've had families destroyed over an employee insulting me and thinking I wouldn't hear, and nobody would ever insult me to my face in my past life, and I'm going to make sure Squealer, and everyone else, understands that soon.

"I probably will rape you, not because I think it'll effect you since you've had more dicks in you than a truck-stop bathroom, but because I'll enjoy it. But that can wait until you are less… you, I have standards after all. I have no interest in catching whatever super std you have. But no, it won't be rape that is used to punish you, I think a more traditional form of torture will be more effective. Anyway, I just came down to say hello and inform you of your upcoming suffering, so I'll be taking my leave. I'm a busy man you understand." I say stepping back, she rushes me again but she's too slow to rise and the door slams shut in front of her, making her bounce off it with a satisfying yelp of pain.

I really don't like being insulted.

Heading to my bedroom, I pause as I enter it.

"Is there something I can do for you, Rabbit?" I ask as I step inside, looking at her as she faces me, laying on her front as she rests her chin on her hands, kicking her legs in the air.

"Mhmm~ I think we both know what you can do for me, or to me to be more precise." Rabbit says as she rises and bounces off the bed, easily doing a front flip as she lands in front of me, smirking.

"Is that so?" I ask as I start to undo my shirt, I'm going to bed anyway and I've never been shy.

"Yuuup, you wanna know something fun? Jaina feels everything I feel." Rabbit says, grabbing my hand and moving it to her ass, smiling as I immediately grope it. "Right now, she's laid in bed feeling your hand on her ass~ and while she told me to stop getting laid while I was out, she wants to keep you happy because she's paranoid you'll turn on her if she doesn't, and what better way to make the big boss happy than to fuck his brains out?"

"That is pretty interesting, but why are you in such a hurry to jump into my bed?" I ask as I remove my shirt, her hands moving to my belt.

"I'm everything Jaina tried to suppress in order to become the perfect heiress, all I want is what Jaina desires but isn't willing to admit to. I'm Jaina's repressed urges, and Jaina is very pent up. What I want is to get fucked, hard. I want you to pin me down and fuck my tight little pussy until you fill me with your cum, and I think you want that to." Rabbit says as she undoes my belt, her hand immediately slipping into my pants as she grasps my hardened length.

"Well, you certainly are forwards." I say calmly as I step out of my trousers and boxers.

"What can I say, I'm a girl who knows what she wants, and knows how to get it. It's not like I'm asking to date you, I'm just offering to be a… henchwoman with benefits." Rabbit giggles as I give her a smirk, reaching up and rubbing my hand through her long white hair before I grab it roughly, making her moan in pleasure.

Dragging her over to the bed, I send a silent and entirely false apology to Jaina for her interrupted sleep as I bend Rabbit over the bed, pulling her thong aside.

Lining myself up I waste no time in slamming my hips forwards, easily sliding into her soaked cunt.


Jaina -


God fucking damnit, Rabbit.

Biting down on the pillow, she tried to hold in the moan that was trying to escape her as she felt something long, hard and thick thrusting into her pussy, Rabbit wanted to be resummoned again and she should have known better than to listen to her, but Rabbit could be really annoying when she wanted to be and she wanted to sleep.

But this wasn't exactly better, and she wasn't going to be able to sleep until they were done.

Sure you don't want to get in on this?

Scowling at the Rabbit's teasing voice, she pulled the pillow over her head and tried to shut out the feelings, failing entirely as she moaned and writhed, her free hand slowly making its way down her body, slipping under her panties.

If she couldn't sleep, she might as well enjoy it. She'd have some words with the Rabbit later.


White Rabbit -


As Jin pounded her against the bed, she moaned loudly, not even trying to suppress the sounds as she moved her hips back towards him.

It'd been a while since either she or Jaina had gotten a good fucking and she wasn't going to miss an opportunity when one presented itself.

Jin was a chance to get fucked hard and regularly, and as a Nympho stuck inside a prude, that was a godsend.

Armsmaster turned down her offer for a mid-chase quicky, and while Clockblocker considered it, the midget girl whose name she could never remember slapped him for it.

That girl was one that needed a good fucking, way too uptight and serious.

Assault had considered it, but only if Battery could join, but she'd shot that idea down 'as long as White Rabbit was a villain', and while she wanted a cape threesome, she didn't want it enough to join the PRT.

Not unless they could promise a full-scale PRT orgy with all the heroes and wards involved! Which they refused like cowards, their loss.

Apparently Dragon started making a trap for her after she propositioned Armsmaster, which was silly because she was perfectly fine with Dragon joining in, and it would probably be her best chance to ride the Halbeard cause the dude was oblivious as fuck.

But her inability to get some cape dick was all in the past now, because her new boss didn't have any of the stupid morals or reluctance the heroes had, and as he pushed her face into the quilt, she moaned at the rough treatment.

She didn't just do this to fuck with Jaina, no matter what her lesser half thought, she just wanted Jaina to loosen up and enjoy life a little more, and what better way to do that than to show her exactly what she was missing by being so serious all the time?

As the sounds of their thighs slapping together filled the room, she looked back over her shoulder into his stern silver gaze, amused that he was still so composed even when he was balls deep inside her.

"Come on~ put your hips into it." Rabbit taunted, making him idly raise an eyebrow at her as he sped up, bringing his hand down on her pale ass hard, making her yelp as he started to spank her. "Mhmm~ harder, master… fuck your slutty bunny."

"Such a little slut, why did I bother negotiating when I should have just bent you both over my desk." Jin growled, making her moan in disappointment as he pulled out, flipping her over and pushing her fully onto the bed.

Grabbing her legs he pushed them up to her shoulders, her flexibility making it easy for her to lock them behind her head as she smirked at him.

"Jaina would have put up a fight~ but I wouldn't have…" she teased, pausing. "Can you put your mask back on? It's kinkier if it's Midas fucking the thief he's forcibly recruited~"

"Heh, fine." Jin said, hoping off the bed and picking his mask back up and placing it back on as he climbed back onto the bed, pulling her panties to the side again and mounting her, immediately sliding his length back into her, using the new position to pound her into the bed, much to her satisfaction.

Yeesssss~ that's it, pound your new pet, breed me like the slutty rabbit I am~" she said before pausing. "... I'm like 95% sure I can't get pregnant, so there's no need to pull out."

Probably~

She could feel her long overdue climax approaching fairy quickly as Midas yanked her corset down enough to maul her tits, kissing her roughly, and with a moan into her mouth she tightened down on his invading cock, wishing she could lock her legs around his waist, instead she made due with digging her nails into his back as he sped up, he was going to cum himself soon and she couldn't wait.

With a grunt, he bottomed out inside her and she could only grin at the feeling of his seed pumping into her, cumming again at the hot sticky sensation.

Unwrapping her legs as he pulled out, she looked down at his cum leaking out of her freshly fucked pussy with a satisfied grin.

"Mhmm~ I needed that, thanks boss." she said as she went to rise, yelping as she was immediately pulled back down, pushed face down on the bed as he climbed on top of her, his still hard length resting between her buttocks.

"You didn't really think I was gonna be satisfied after one round, did you?" Midas growled into her ear, his posh voice sending shivers down her spine as he pulled back and pressed his lubricated cock against her exposed pussy and immediately sliding back in.

Welp, sorry Jaina but she tried to escape.


Jaina -


Laying on the bed in a puddle of her own sweat, she panted heavily, her clothes long since thrown aside as she groped her dusty caramel skin, still feeling the sensation of Jin's cock fucking her breasts.

They'd been going for ages, she didn't know how long exactly but she'd tried counting the climaxes that were forced on her, losing track after they reached double digits.

The Rabbit was insatiable, and she'd found a like-minded soul in Midas. She could taste his cum on her tongue, feel it leaking out of her ass and pussy, drying on her naked body, and she couldn't help herself anymore.

She couldn't cum from the sensations she got from Rabbit, but that didn't stop the build up, if she tried ignoring it she was basically edging herself.

And during hours long fuck sessions, that was downright uncomfortable.

But this was for the best, because being useful to the problem sociopathic villain was the best way to not get disposed of, and having the Rabbit so willing to fuck him would only make his opinion more favourable.

It didn't make the fact that she was missing a lot of beauty sleep any nicer.


Jin -


Finishing on the Rabbits pale face, her pink domino mask coated in white semen, I groan as I finally go soft.

"Aww~ oh well, same time tomorrow?" she asks as she rises, panting ever so slightly. I don't have her superhuman stamina, unfortunately, but as one of the richest men in the world you get used to getting laid a lot.

Ask my old secretary, or her barely legal daughter.

"Perhaps, if we have the time. I already have a job for you, I need something stolen as soon as possible." I admit making her perk up, her ear twitching in excitement.

"Ooh~ you know just what to say to make me happy, keep treating me like this and I might just collar myself, sex and crime, the two things a healthy girl needs." Rabbit teases.

"I'm afraid you might find this one a little boring actually, I just need you to steal someone's mobile phone." I admit, making her grin.

"Boss, I really don't care what I'm stealing. Who's the unlucky victim?" The White Rabbit asks, and as I answer her grin grows downright sadistic. "Boss, I think me and you are gonna get along just fine."


Amy -


Staring at the smirking masked man, she glared at him from under her baggy hoodie, she couldn't travel through gang territory looking like Panacea after all.

"Miss Dallon, how gracious of you to make such a trip on such a short notice." 'King Midas' said mockingly as she scowled slightly.

A villain if she had ever seen one, but a villain holding the cards for now. Vicky had a bad reputation for being too rough on her enemies and surroundings, by accident mostly, but people didn't realise just how many times she'd almost ended up a murderer.

There was a reason some people called her the collateral damage barbie, leaving a trail of destruction in her wake.

Too many thugs had ended up with broken bodies because Vicky forgot to reign in her ridiculous strength, and now some new villain was holding it over her head.

She'd chew Vicky out for not clearing her messages of something as incriminating as Vicky begging her to heal a dying thug, especially since she'd needed a picture to know how bad it was and what Vicky needed to do to keep him alive long enough for her to get there.

But Vicky had always been carefree, no matter how many times she messed up, and she'd always be there to save her sister from herself, even if it meant wandering into a villain's lair.

Vicky losing her phone hadn't set off any alarms this morning, she could be kinda forgetful and she barely even cared since it meant she could get a new one…

Getting a message from Vicky's phone while she was at school, telling her to come to a location that night, was far more worrying but the screenshots of incriminating conversations stopped her from speaking up, despite wanting to.

'I believe we have a lot to discuss, Miss Dallon. I have need of Panacea's skills, and I'm sure you require these screenshots to go away, I'm sure we can come to an arrangement. King Midas'

She'd left a note with Midas's name and the location he sent her to, in case he decided not to let her leave, she'd bring the full force of New Wave down on him, plus the Wards and the Protectorate that she'd healed countless times.

She knew nobody would find it until the next morning, but if it meant protecting Vicky she was willing to take the risk.

She had no illusions about her importance to Brockton Bay's hero scene, as long as they didn't die or end up with brain damage she could get them back in the fight much, much faster, and that meant the PRT was as determined to keep her out of a villains hands as her own family, perhaps more so.

The fact that she was at every non-Simurgh Endbringer attack since she triggered only solidified that.

It was why she felt confident enough to come here, he had leverage to hurt her family, but she had protection of her own.

"Cut the crap, Midas. You said you had someone for me to heal." Amy grumbled.

"Well, someone is impatient." Midas said, his tone amused as he rose, gesturing for her to follow him into the bedroom of the clearly abandoned apartment.

Entering the room, her eyes widened as she spotted an incredibly busty blonde, handcuffed to a radiator.

She thought he wanted one of his men healing, but she was clearly a prisoner.

"...what the hell is this?" Amy asked, her tone cold as she glared at him.

"This? That's rude, I realise Squealer isn't a sight for sore eyes in her current condition but she's still a person." Midas replied, making her gasp slightly.

"You kidnapped Squealer?" Amy asked, knowing full well what this would mean for Brockton. The increase in badly injured people from Merchant territory suddenly made a lot more sense if Skidmark was tearing his turf apart looking for her.

"I prefer the term 'aggressive recruitment' but frankly she's in no condition to be one of my minions, I have standards and drug-addled fools don't meet them. You will heal her, and your sister's secret stays safe." Midas ordered as she approached, Squealer had a ball-gag in her mouth but her gaze swore bloody murder as she glared at Midas.

"Somehow I don't think she wants to be one of your minions." Amy snarked as she slowly approached, Squealer stilling slightly as she reached out, her eyes widening at the sheer amount of diseases the woman had.

She also had a hairline fracture on her skull, and her internal chemistry was all over the place, no doubt due to the Merchants favourite pastime.

"Oh, that won't be a problem. Once she's in better condition and isn't going to drop dead or pass on whatever she is carrying, I will start… convincing her of the benefits of working for me, and the consequences of being my enemy." Midas admitted easily. "I'm afraid the gag is necessary, I wouldn't want to taint your ears with her frankly despicable language, I'm contemplating whether she really needs her tongue, to be honest." He admitted as she stared at him in shock and horror, Squealer freezing at his words.

"You expect me to heal her… just so you can torture her?" Amy asked in disbelief, staring at the masked man in disgust.

"I do." Midas admitted easily, making her growl as she thrust her hand out, wrapping it around his exposed wrist.

"Then you've forgotten that I am a hero." Amy growled, Midas staring at her with an unimpressed expression. "If you'd wanted some minion of yours fixing up, that'd be one thing… but I'm not going to heal someone so you can torture them into joining you. One thought from me and I could knock you out, try pulling away and I'll put you in a coma." Amy threatened, making him chuckle as he stared at her, his humour not quite reaching his eyes.

His silver eyes glowed with malevolence, she'd angered him but he'd angered her.

"Your sister's invulnerability has a cooldown, she can take one hit then her shield falls for a couple of seconds. During that time, she's as vulnerable as anyone else, two snipers firing in sync would end her easily. As would poison, or any other number of methods. Do you really think I didn't have a backup plan? That I'd let you within arms reach if I didn't know I could keep you under control?" Midas monologues as she froze in place. "You could give me twelve kinds of cancer with a thought, but if I get so much as a mild cold it'll be the end of your precious 'Vicky'."

Staring up at him, she felt her heart start to pound at the utterly cold tone he had, there was very little emotion in his voice other than an undercurrent of rage, and as he spoke so sternly she couldn't bring herself to think he was bluffing.

Letting go of his hand, she gasped as he stepped forwards, his hand that she'd just been grasping, reaching out and grabbing her throat as he pushed her back against the wall.

"If you could heal yourself, I wouldn't have to be so careful with you, I can't have you going home injured after all. But I'm warning you, Amelia Dallon, there's plenty I can do to you that won't leave any outward signs, and I do not like being threatened. Let's be realistic here, you would do anything to protect your precious Victoria, the girl you love… in more ways than one." Midas jeered as she flinched, her eyes widening in shock.

How did he… he was a thinker, that much was obvious now, he knew far too much and she had no idea exactly what his power was.

Shame and disgust filled her as she stilled in his grasp, not even trying to get his hand off her neck, he wasn't holding her tightly enough to hurt, not wanting to leave any evidence.

The fact that he was touching her willingly just confirmed her fears, he wasn't afraid of her because he wasn't bluffing. He was sure she'd fold, well willing to risk the horrors she could inflict on him because he knew she'd do what he wanted.

"Y-you've made your point." Amy said weakly, not wanting to incur his wrath.

"I don't think I have. You might be a Hero, the famous and beloved Panacea, but tell me… what's stronger, your morality or your love for Victoria? What matters more to you, your sense of justice or her life?" Midas asked rhetorically, not waiting for an answer. "As I said, we both know you would do anything to keep the sister you lust for safe, from her own arrogance and foolishness, if I told you to slit Squealer's throat open or Victoria dies, you'd do it. If I told you to slit your own throat, your life for hers, we both know you'd die here. Everyone has their limits, and when you want people to break limits and betray their morals, you should either threaten their family or other loved ones, it just happens that in your case, Victoria is both. Keep this in mind, I had her phone taken from her bedside table… while she was sleeping three feet away. She's far from invincible, and I can get to her whenever I want."

"I-" Amy started, looking down at Squealer. "I'll do it." Amy agreed, disgust flooding her as she realised how well he had her made. God, she hated Thinkers.

"Of course you will, that was never in question." Midas said as he let her go, stepping back as she leaned down and touched Squealer.

Looking into her eyes, she tried to apologise non verbally, and from the slight nod, Squealer understood a little bit at least.

Dealing with the various withdrawal symptoms quickly, something she was entirely too used to doing thanks to the Bay's drug problem, she moved onto the skull and small injuries before moving onto the diseases, sexual and otherwise.

"Fix her appearance as well, I don't want her looking like a homeless junkie when she's under me." Midas ordered, making her glare at him slightly.

She was used to this as well, both Vicky wanting her hair changed or some minor adjustment to her body, or some rich asshole wanting the consequences of his lifestyle gone. She hated those patients, she could be saving lives instead of hiding the signs of drug use but her mother made her do them, it got New Wave plenty of funding that went to protecting the city.

"She'll need to eat a lot, if you don't want her malnourished." Amy said as she rose, looking back at the smug villain.

Squealer still looked messy, dirt, grime and grease covering her body and revealing clothes, but she had done all she could to bring back her original beauty.

It wasn't even that hard, Squealer was a beautiful woman with good genes, she had just wasted them before.

"You realise that this is against the unwritten rules, right? If this gets out, you'd have a lot of enemies. Lethal force is frowned on, and guns certainly are if they aren't related to your power." Amy warned, hoping to discourage him.

"Hookwolf has dozens of kills, including a couple of capes. Nobody lifted a finger to stop him, and every gang has their goons armed and willing to fire on capes." Midas retorted as she stood, staring up at him. "I don't even need to respect your secret identities, because you don't have one." he mocked, making her scowl.

That was one of the most annoying parts of having a public identity, Capes could attack you while you were in your civilian attire without technically breaking the rules.

In truth, a lot of capes paid lip service to the rules, with the exception of the Endbringer truce, because once you were powerful enough the rules stopped applying to you.

Lung had burnt rival capes alive, and nobody lifted a finger to stop him because nobody could. If you had enough power, the rules were more like guidelines and ones that were often tossed aside.

"Can I go?" Amy asked finally, making Midas smirk as he grabbed her arm and pulled her out of the bedroom, leaving Squealer alone. "You said you wanted someone healed, and they are."

"I did, but I've decided to give you a gift as thanks for your… hard work." Midas said with a dark chuckle as he pushed her down into one of the living room chairs.

"I don't want anything from-" Amy started, pausing as her phone vibrated.

As he smirked, she slowly pulled it out and checked her messages, her eyes widening in shock as she opened the picture attachment from an unknown number, clearly the plain phone in Midas's other hand.

Looking down at the picture, she felt her heart race as Vicky looked back at her, sticking her tongue out at the camera, completely naked as she held her free hand out, sticking her hand out with one finger extended in such a way that she covered her nipples and pussy with it, taking advantage of the camera angle to technically hide everything while putting herself on display.

"Your sister is a beautiful young woman, who loves the camera… and the camera loves her back." Midas said mockingly, smirking at her as she stared at the other three unopened attachments. "She sent a few of these to a boy called Dean, but most of them seem to be for her own private enjoyment, and mine now I suppose. I imagine she has some fans who would pay good money for a look at the more naughty side of Glory Girl." Midas chuckled as she glared at him, opening the next picture.

This one wasn't so clever, but as she stared down at the topless selfie, she gulped and shuffled in her seat slightly.

The next, a backside shot as Vicky smirked over her shoulder at the mirror she was using, the mirror she recognised as the massive antique one in their parents room, she also recognised the wallpaper… when did she take that?

Opening the final attachment, she felt her heart ache at the sight of Victoria… on her knees with her mouth open as she stared up at the camera, semen splattered against her face and a cock in frame, Dean's most likely.

"I don't like being threatened, Miss Dallon. And I'm good at working out where to push to get a reaction." Midas said idly, his tone darkly amused.

"I hate you." Amy said, closing the picture as she glared up at him. "You'll lose, sooner or later. Brockton Bay has too many capes, and someone will get rid of you. Maybe it'll be a hero, maybe it'll be a villain, but someone will put a stop to whatever you are planning." Amy swore, making him smile at her as she rose to her full height, still needing to look up at the lanky man.

"Perhaps, but I'm a man who believes that you can't achieve anything without being willing to risk everything. Maybe I will lose, but I might also win, and if I do? This city will be the start of my Empire, that's the game, my dear." Midas said, confidence in his tone. "You're welcome to tell your family about this, if you're willing to admit to Brandish you worked for a villain, no matter the situation." he chuckled, making her visibly wince.

He really did know where to aim to make his barbed words hurt.

"But I want you to know, for every action there is a reaction, the more that New Wave knows about me, the more likely it will be that I'll have to see to destroying them. Tell no-one and I'll continue to focus on drug dealers and move onto bigger and better criminals, or tell everyone and make this game more interesting for me. Perhaps next it'll be Glory Girl bending her morals to save her sister, and while her powers are interesting enough, I can think of a few other uses for her, she's clearly comfortable on her knees after all." Midas taunted, and before she could stop herself her hand shot out, slapping him across the cheek.

"You know, I think you'll regret that." Midas said idly, smirking at her.

"I doubt it. Can I leave?" Amy asked, making him chuckle.

"Sure, sure… run on home, Miss Dallon." Midas said, and not spending a second longer with this asshole she stormed out of the apartment, his chuckles following her.

Heading home, she had a slight issue when some homeless man tried to rob her, but as she went to pass him her purse, their fingers brushed and she quickly walked around his sleeping body.

As a young girl, she could almost guarantee that anyone who decided she was worth bothering would touch her, one way or the other, and when she could knock anyone out with the slightest of touches, she wasn't afraid to move around on her own.

Midas was different, by making it so his vengeance would be delivered remotely, unfortunately there was little she could do.

She was tempted to give him some slow acting virus, but with thinkers she had no way of knowing if he'd notice, and it just wasn't worth the risk.

Getting home fairly easily, despite how active the merchants were, she snuck back inside and got changed into her sleepwear, destroying the note she had left as she went to bed.

Waking up only a few hours later to frantic shouting, she groaned and cursed Midas.

"I didn't post it anywhere!" Vicky's voice shouted as Amy fell out of bed, groaning as she headed downstairs.

"You shouldn't have taken them in the first place! You have a reputation to uphold, do you know how bad this looks?" Carol, their mother, shouted back as Amy walked into the living room, rubbing the sleep out of her eyes.

"I wasn't expecting them to end up on the internet! Someone found my phone, obviously, maybe it fell out of my pocket while I was flying?" Vicky asked as Amy opened her eyes, her gaze widening at the sight of the computer screen they were arguing over.

"Damnit Victoria, please tell me there aren't any more?" Carol asked, Vicky going silent as Amy stared at the very familiar picture of a nude Vicky covering her privates with one finger. "Victoria? How many more are there?" Carol asked darkly, Vicky paling.

"Umm… h-hundreds." Vicky quietly admitted as Carol's jaw dropped.

"And are they all as bad as this one?" Carol asked, desperation in her tone.

"...that's one of the milder ones."

At the top of the picture, the words 'Every action has a reaction, and all actions have consequences' were written, a message directly to her.

She really shouldn't have slapped him.

And she couldn't bring herself to speak up, there were too many… compelling reasons to stay quiet, the fear of Vicky going after Midas and losing being one of them.

"You're grounded, possibly forever. I'll get on the phone with… anyone I can think of to try and get this taken down." Carol groaned, looking at the two numbers at the bottoms.

Views and downloads.

Her sister's nude body had gone viral, and it was all her fault.

Jin -

Is it petty? Yes.

It's also hilarious and I couldn't resist.

I had them posted from Vicky's phone, which is now in the Bay, it's contents downloaded onto my servers. My hackers were able to unlock it fairly easily, which is exactly what I wanted them for.

Amy should get the message, and my hackers are already hard at work getting remote access to her phone, the pictures she opened carrying an unpleasant surprise.

I wasn't kidding about being willing to take chances, fortune favours the bold after all.

Now then, time to finish my guild quest and make Squealer squeal.

...maybe after hosing her down a couple of times first.


Bonus Scene - Lisa


Welcome to the Parahumans Online message boards.
You are currently logged in, AllSeeingEye
You are viewing:
Threads you have replied to
AND Threads that have new replies
OR private message conversations with new replies
Thread OP is displayed.
Twenty five posts per page
Last ten messages in private message history.
Threads and private messages are ordered chronologically.

♦ Topic: Brockton Bay's Newest Cape 'Midas'
In: Boards ► Places ► America ► Brockton Bay Discussion (Public Board)
Bagrat (Original Poster) (Veteran Member) (The Guy in the Know)
Posted On Mar 5th 2011:
So, Brockton Bay has decided to prove that it is the premier breeding ground for Capes in America by spitting out another new cape, and much like the Flower Queen (still don't like that name), he didn't waste any time introducing himself.

Last night, after the PRT finally captured the infamous White Rabbit (I'll make another thread on that whole situation later), this new cape decided to bust her out, by ramming a tinker-tech van into the disguised PRT transport and holding the agents at turret-point.

Thankfully, with how noisy the whole thing was, someone managed to get a decent video of it, starting just after the crash itself ([Link])

The van is definitely one of Squealers, that much is obvious just from looking at it, she has a certain... style that can't be missed, but I highly doubt this Midas is a Merchant.

I've scoured the Cape Wiki, searched for any reference to Midas, and I have found a grand total of nothing, looks like this was his first open action, but he clearly has a gang already, as you can see two men in matching black jumpsuits and masks in the van, and rumours of men dressed like that are already spreading around Merchant turf.

(Showing page 1 of 15)
►Vista (Verified Cape) (Wards ENE)
Replied On Mar 5th 2011:
God, I hate this city sometimes.

You know how many times that rabbit has stolen my things? Or how hard it is to catch her, you'd think being able to literally warp space would make it easy but she's basically untouchable, we've had her utterly surrounded and not one of us was able to grab her.

And now she's free again, yay.

Thanks, Midas, very cool.

Also, this guy definitely isn't a Merchant, he's too stylish. Wonder what his power is?

►Suspicious-Sword
Replied On Mar 5th 2011:
So, that's another gang in Brockton?

What do they put in the water over there?

►FlippinMad
Replied On Mar 5th 2011:
Not gonna lie, he's the hottest villain I've seen in a while, definitely the best dressed.

Well-spoken as well, he sounds posh, definitely not a merchant cause he didn't swear even once.

►Ekul
Replied On Mar 5th 2011:
So, I live in the middle of Merchant turf and they've been going fucking mental recently.

Like, Merchants have been driving around attacking people basically at random and from what they've been shouting it sounds like they misplaced Squealer.

I know a guy who went to buy some drugs for a party (yeah, yeah drugs are bad, I know), and they beat him half to death demanding he tell them anything he knew about Squealer instead.

Not the best customer service tbh, but that's the Merchants for you.

Apparently Skidmark himself has been driving around howling for Squealer.

►IceQueen (Cape Groupie)
Replied On Mar 5th 2011:
So, Midas kidnapped Squealer, stole her van then used it to bust the White Rabbit out? Busy night.

►AllSeeingEye
Replied On Mar 5th 2011:
Yeah, the Merchants have been going mad lately, and my magical powers tell me they've lost their pet tinker. Also, the Merchants couldn't keep their mouths shut if they wanted to, and they are far from subtle about their searching for her.

Couldn't have happened to a better group of violent junkies, truly.

Skidmark is gonna grow a brain and find Midas eventually, did anyone say 'gang war'. I don't know about you guys, but I'm rooting for the guy who isn't a foul-mouthed junkie.

Still, it's kinda a problem cause I live in Merchant territory and they've been tearing the place apart. Gonna have to lay low when the sparks start to fly.

►Skidz (Unverified Cape) (Banned)
Replied On Mar 5th 2011:
[Post Deleted}
Moderator Edit: Death threats aren't allowed, neither is that kind of language

►Skidz (Unverified Cape) (Banned)
Replied On Mar 5th 2011:
[Post Deleted}
Moderator Edit: Seriously?

►TheGoldenKing (Verified Cape)
Replied On Mar 5th 2011:
It was a pretty busy night, but a profitable one as well.

Out of curiosity, how does one get verified as a cape, asking for a friend?

►Tin Mother (Moderator)
Replied On Mar 5th 2011:
@TheGoldenKing

I've sent you a PM

►Lasersmile
Replied On Mar 5th 2011:
Well, I don't think I've seen a Cape show up to their own introduction thread since the White Rabbit.

Midas AMA when?

►TheGoldenKing (Verified Cape)
Replied On Mar 5th 2011:
@Lasersmile Perhaps one day, I'm a little preoccupied at the moment.

@Vista My sincerest apologies, I'll ask the White Rabbit to stop stealing your belongings.

@FlippingMad I try

►TheGrapist (Unverified Cape) (Banned)
Replied On Mar 5th 2011:
Oi! Give Squealer back, Skids said I could have another turn with her, and then you went and grabbed her you cock-blocking bastard!

►RedQueen
Replied On Mar 5th 2011:
Ugh, who do I have to fuck to get a kill order on that midget? Seriously.

►Winged_One
Replied On Mar 5th 2011:
No, this isn't right?

I don't get it.

►AllSeeingEye
Replied On Mar 5th 2011:
@RedQueen

@Alexandria, probably.

Or Costa-Brown, but I don't think either of them has the right equipment.

►Alexandria (Verified Cape)
Replied On Mar 5th 2011:
I don't decide who gets a kill order, and even if I did I certainly wouldn't give one for sexual favours.

Stop pinging me with stupid things.

►TheGrapist (Unverified Cape) (Banned)
Replied On Mar 5th 2011:
[Post Deleted}

Moderator Edit: I can't believe I have to say this, but don't threaten to rape other users. - Tin Mother

►Alexandria (Verified Cape)
Replied On Mar 5th 2011:
On second thought, I'll see what I can do.

►TheGoldenKing (Verified Cape)
Replied On Mar 5th 2011:
My, My... if this is the level of intelligence I can expect from Merchants, this'll be easier than I expected.

►AllSeeingEye
Replied On Mar 5th 2011:
And the Darwin Award of the year goes to... the purple midget that threatened to face-fuck one of the strongest cape in the world.

Fucking Merchants, no matter how stupid you think they are, they always manage to find a way to go one step further.

►FollowMyFluffyTail (Verified Cape)
Replied On Mar 5th 2011:
It's always so fun stealing things from them, they make the funniest sounds when they find their drugs floating out into the ocean, but they're always so high they can't put up a good chase.

Sometimes they don't even notice you're stealing their stuff.

But, yes! This Rabbit has finally been caged, my freedom stripped away by the all-powerful King Midas! He holds my leash now, and all this cute little bunny can do is obey my new master, how sad!

►XxVoid_CowboyxX
Replied On Mar 5th 2011:
Wait, White Rabbit isn't independent anymore?!

That sucks! Her threads are always the best, and her pics are hot af

►FollowMyFluffyTail (Verified Cape)
Replied On Mar 5th 2011:
Aww, I'm sorry!

But my sexy little ass belongs to Midas, now.... it's out of my hands and in his

He had me grinding it against him earlier… and it took him onto a couple of hours before I was face down against his bed, his big strong hands holding me down as he had his wicked way with me~

End of Page. 1, 2, 3 ... 13, 14, 15

(Showing page 2 of 15)
►TheGoldenKing (Verified Cape)
Replied On Mar 5th 2011:
First of all, I legitimately don't care about what you post online.

And secondly, you climbed into my lap and into my bed of your own accord, I didn't order you to do anything.

►FollowMyFluffyTail (Verified Cape)
Replied On Mar 5th 2011:
True~

Your lap does make a good seat, and your face is just as comfy (¬‿¬)

►XxVoid_CowboyxX
Replied On Mar 5th 2011:
Actually die, dude.

►Valkyr (Wiki Warrior)
Replied On Mar 5th 2011:
@TheGoldenKing

I don't suppose you want to enlighten us on your power? I'm trying to make the Wiki page for you

►TheGoldenKing (Verified Cape)
Replied On Mar 5th 2011:
I have multiple powers, in the Thinker and Stranger category.

All you need to know is that I am intelligent, an excellent planner, and you won't see me if I don't want you to.

I have no intentions of going into any more detail than that, I'm afraid.

►GloryGirl
Replied On Mar 5th 2011:
Cool suit, very stylish.

Still gonna punch you if I see you or your creepy jumpsuit wearing goons out on the streets.

►TheGoldenKing (Verified Cape)
Replied On Mar 5th 2011:
You'll find that seeing me is the problem, Glory Girl

You can't hit what you can't find

End of Page. 1, 2, 3, 4 ... 13, 14, 15
■

Staring at the screen, Lisa sighed in annoyance.

Coil already wanted her to put her skills to use recruiting Midas, gathering information on him, but there was one glaring problem with that.

Opening the video again, she tried to focus on the suited man before she winced.

Midas is from Mars, Midas is dating a cocker spaniel, Midas only speaks Latin, Midas is behind you, Midas stole your left sock, Midas is Legend, Midas knows where you are, What is a Midas?

No matter what she tried, whenever she tried to read Midas, all she got was utter nonsense.

Normally it would drive her mad, to have her power so easily countered by what was probably one of Midas's stranger powers, but she had realised something else while on the phone with her 'boss'.

Coil is afraid, Coil's power isn't working, Coil doesn't know what's wrong with his power, Coil is terrified.

Midas wasn't just stopping her power, he was stopping any Thinker power that would affect him, and while she didn't know what Coil's power was, as long as Midas was around it meant that Coil was powerless and terrified.

Which made Midas her new best friend forever.

She would have to do this the old fashioned way, but she was a smart girl and if it meant a chance to get away from Coil, she was willing to put everything she had into this.

Glancing back at the screen, she chuckled at the sight of another merchant getting banned as Midas baited them into breaking the rules.

She played that game as well, Rune was still suspended from their last chat.



Coil -


Sitting in his office in his secret underground lair, he looked around the room and glared at the shadows, his gun in hand.

Cautiously splitting the timeline again, Coil B tried to leave the office and immediately screamed as he opened the door, staring out into the void of space as pulled out into the vacuum, rapidly freezing as he grasped at his throat.

Ending the timeline, he gasped to himself and got up from his desk, walking to his door incredibly slowly, placing his ear against it.

His room was soundproofed, so he heard nothing, and was forced to slowly open the door, the base corridor staring back at him.

Splitting the timeline again, Coil B took a step into the corridor and was immediately hit by a train, blue with a bizarre face on the front,

In the distance, he heard the sounds of cheerful music.

"Come on, motherfuckers, come on!"

Ending the timeline, he ran back to his desk and dove behind it.

No matter how many times he tried to split the timeline, the moment he did, something bizarre happened in the second timeline, killing him immediately.

For the first time in years, he was vulnerable, and he had no idea why.

He couldn't risk leaving his base until this was fixed, and he had no idea how to fix it.


Contessa -


Path to fix her power
Step 1: Kick Doctor Mother in the backside
Step 2: Do a backflip
Step 3: Door to the top of the Empire States Building
Step 4: Strip Naked
Step 5: Do the Cha-Cha
Step 6: Just fucking jump
Step 7: Do another backflip

Looking towards Doctor Mother, she scowled slightly.

"I have seen you do bizarre things on your paths that only make sense years later, but just this once I'm afraid I'm going to have to say no. I don't know what is wrong with you, but dancing on the top of a skyscraper naked before committing suicide, isn't going to fix it. I'm keeping you in the base until we know what is wrong with your power." Doctor Mother said bluntly, rubbing her backside with a frown.

She didn't understand, the paths were never wrong, if the path said this was the way to fix her then this was what she had to do.

Path to convincing Doctor Mother to let her dance naked on the Empire State Building.
Step 1: Do a backflip
Step 2: Do another backflip
Step 3: Go back to step one

Climbing onto the table, she ignored Doctor Mother's question and jumped, flipping gracefully and landing on her feet, immediately doing the same again.

"Oh for the love of… backflips aren't going to help either."

Authors Note: Felt like doing another chapter of this one immediately
"Sanity and happiness are an impossible combination."
― Mark Twain

​
My Discord, come here for porn and also sometimes fics: https://discord.gg/wd3tUYWVCd

My Patreon, I promise to spend any money given to me irresponsibly: https://www.patreon.com/TheDarkWolfShiro​
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Leith, Oblivioni Miche, Phil Waker2 and 1,377 others
The Dark Wolf Shiro
May 19, 2021
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 04: Hot Blondes are my Speciality
View content
The Dark Wolf Shiro
The Dark Wolf Shiro
Everyone Hail to the Pumpkin King
JoinedApr 1, 2019
Messages9,336
Likes received960,957
May 23, 2021
Add bookmark
#368
Disclaimer: I own nothing but my own original characters and works, if you recognise it from somewhere else, surprise it isn't mine.
Discord Link: discord .gg/ wd3tUYWVCd
Pat reon Link: Pat reon .com/TheDarkWolfShiro
Betad by morde24
Beta note:
Hey guys, Shiro's Beta speaking. Been seeing some people saying things along the lines of "I think Shiro is bad" or "Shiro must endorse this awful thing" or "Shiro is awful because he wrote this racist thing while in this POV". Guys Shiro tries to write each POV as close to what he thinks that characters would actually behave as he can. It's one of the reasons why you love reading what he writes, he doesn't handwave, he fleshes out each and every character, their decision making process, their reason for existing, their views, etc. This doesn't stop just for the "good guys" either, to make the fic as consistent as possible this must be done for everyone or there will be a severe disconnect between certain characters and the fic, and the quality of his fics would take a huge dive. So do me a favor, and when you read from, say, a rapist POV don't be surprised when he thinks disgusting deragatory shit towards the person he has raped and others. Likewise when you read from a Nazi POV and the story reads like it is from the POV of a racist white supremacist, don't be like "oh no Shiro must endorse this," or "Shiro has to be one fucked up dude." You are reading the POV of a Nazi OF COURSE it will read as racist, it's a fucking Nazi. Now I know Shiro laughs off most of the shit people shovel into reviews, (and tbh some of them are funny as hell) so he won't defend himself, but I wanted to write this with the hopes that people won't wrongly assume Shiro is some sort of racist evil bastard.

The Guild of Gamers: The Supervillain
Chapter 04: Hot Blondes are my speciality

Squealer -


Being tossed back onto the ground in front of the little glass box that was apparently her new home, she glared at the entirely too smug Midas as he stared back at her happily.

"Now then, are you feeling better?" he asked, making her scowl around the ball-gag in her mouth, he'd taken offence to her language and had his minions put it into her mouth.

The worst thing was that… yes, she felt fucking amazing, better than she could ever remember, whatever Panacea had done to her had done wonders. She wasn't even feeling the shakes from the lack of drugs anymore.

"Oh right, you can't speak. I'll remove that shorty so you can answer some… pressing questions I have, but frankly I like the look on you and more importantly I like the silence. The important thing is that you are disease free, I didn't want to so much as stand near you before you were clean, hell I washed my hands four times after hitting you, they felt grimey." Midas admitted as she scowled.

She wasn't a fucking contagious leper, so what if she had a few STDs, try finding a girl in the docks that didn't. Hell, try finding any merchant that didn't have at least three.

"But now that you are nice and healthy? We can get started." Midas said, gesturing to one of his jumpsuit wearing lackeys, the woman walked up to him and passed him a… hose?

"Strip. Time to get fully clean." Midas said calmly, watching her as she sat there, glaring back at her kidnapper. "You can either take off the scraps of fabric you have the gall to call 'clothes' or have them torn off you, moments before you're beaten for your disobedience. Stand up and strip naked." Midas warned, two female lackeys standing behind him as they stared at her from behind their faces expressionless masks.

She could still feel the punches she tried to pretend didn't hurt, Midas had quite the punch for a posh twat, and she knew she couldn't win against all three of them.

Rising, she pulled her tank-top over her head quickly. It wasn't like she was shy, and while she wasn't going to switch sides just because she'd been grabbed, she didn't want to be beaten over something so stupid.

Skiddy liked to show herself off, so a lot of the time when she wasn't working or doing cape biz she was mostly naked, so this was nothing.

Pulling her booty shorts down, she stepped out of them without a hint of shame.

As one of the lackeys moved forwards, taking her clothes, she stood still as the woman undid her gag, pulling it off.

"Take her clothes and just burn them, they're a lost cause and I don't want anyone catching anything they're carrying." Midas ordered idly, staring her down.

"Yes, sir!"

"Happy now, you cocksucker?" Sherrel asked, glaring at him as his lips twitched into a frown for just a second. "Just take a fuckin picture, that way you can beat your limp dick to it later."

"Ahh, an excellent idea." Midas said with false approval, pulling out his phone and taking a quick snapshot of her, before he chuckled. "But why would I masturbate when I have you right here?" he asked, making her scoff.

"Try me, asshole. I'll bite your fucking cock off." Sherry warned, once again making him laugh.

"And then my next move would be to rip out every single tooth. Besides, you had two holes that I'm fairly certain don't have teeth, but let's move on. We need to get you… presentable, and frankly the amount of filth on you is disgusting. You might want to brace yourself." Midas warned, flipping a switch on the end of his hose, her eyes widening as a powerful spray of ice cold water struck her, knocking her back to the ground.

"Seriously, when was the last time you showered?" Midas asked with a sigh, the hose blasting her with water as she sputtered and tried to defend herself, holding her hand up feebly.

It hadn't been that long!

...actually, when was the last time she showered?

With a clearer mind, she shuddered slightly at the realisation that she didn't know. It almost made her want him to spray her down more, or it would if it wasn't so fucking cold.

As he turned the hose down, he nodded at his minion who approached her with a fluffy towel in hand and grabbed her arm, pulling her to her feet and starting to dry her off.

She considered hitting the hands away, but after a moment she calmed and let herself be dried, her hair still dripping wet as she stared at her captor, watching his gaze slowly move down her naked body.

His gaze lingered on her breasts, and after a moment she covered them with one arm, her other hand covering her vagina as she took a sliver of pleasure at denying him, even as his narrowing eyes told her she'd probably pay for it.

"What now?" Sherrel asked, making him chuckle as he walked towards her slowly.

Nodding at his minion, the other woman grabbed her from behind and as she went to struggle, she froze as Midas calmly reached into his suit jacket and pulled out a gun.

To add insult to injury, she recognised the weapon, it was her spare pistol that she kept in her van glove compartment.

"Let's not make this any more difficult than it has to be, take a seat over there." Midas ordered, the pistol aimed at her chest as she felt her heart start to beat.

She'd seen guns before, she'd seen people shot and she'd even been the one to shoot them, but she'd never been on the other end of one, and without the drugs clouding her mind, fear replaced it as she froze up.

Midas wouldn't just kill her, right? He put too much effort into her.

"I would. Let me be clear, Squealer, I need to make sure you never give the Merchant's your skills again, whether that means by making you join me or by tossing your corpse into the bay. If you prove to be too much effort, I'll simply put you out of your misery and move on." Midas warned as she was forced into a metal chair, her wrists attached to the cold metal arms as Midas watched her coldly.

"Leave us." Midas ordered, watching the minion leave as he picked up a small bag and placed it on a table, digging around in it as she watched in growing fear.

She thought she was going to be fucked, and that was something she barely cared about. She'd been passed around the merchants so often, what was one more dick?

She almost hated the new clear state of mind Panacea gave her, because without the constant need for more drugs, she almost puked at the memories of some of the things she'd done for a hit.

But as Midas pulled out a small blade, placing it on the table as he emptied the bag carefully, lining up the various tools as he looked them over, she realised that sex was the least of her worries.

"I'm afraid I'm rather inexperienced at this." Midas said calmly as he picked one of the knives and walked towards her, making her struggle in her seat, unable to free herself. "But we all have to start somewhere."

"W-what the fuck are you doing?! Get away from me you fucking psycho!"" Sherrel screeched as he stopped in front of her, his expression utterly serene as he watched her struggles.

"You've made it clear you won't be working with me willingly, and you have information I need. Let's start, what kind of numbers do the merchants have? How many capes, and how many unpowered gang members?" Midas asked, the cold metal of the blade resting on her naked thigh as she stared at him in horror.

"You're a monster…" Sherrel whimpered, the severity of her situation hitting her hard.

"The moral high ground, truly? I'm a villain, true, but you're a member of a group responsible for countless deaths. Your vehicles have enabled Skidmark to smuggle his drugs across America, you helped the merchants hold the Docks and the Trainyard. People overdose on your drugs every day, murders and assaults are at an all time high, and a woman can't walk through the Trainyard without there being a risk of being raped, drugged and forced into prostitution. I'm a supervillain, but just this once, I'm in the right. Once it's under my control, I intend to revitalise the Trainyard and Docks, make them flourish as I cut out the rot you drug addled scumbags have left in your wake." Midas monologued, digging the blade into her leg slightly, drawing a sliver of blood as she hissed in pain. "And for that goal? I doubt any of the Merchants' victims would see what I'm doing as a crime, no matter how far I have to go. You don't get to take the moral high ground, and frankly whatever I do to you is justified."

As he spoke, he started to drag the blade down her leg, cutting into her thigh, not deeply but enough that she whimpered in pain, the reality of her situation finally setting in.

She wasn't just going to get fucked a few times before Skidmark bust her out, she was going to be tortured, repeatedly, until Midas had what he wanted.

"I thought you said you were going to rape me… that'd be more fun, right?" Squealer half-begged, her legs spreading slightly to expose her pussy as he chucked down at her.

"Oh, I probably will at some point, and of course it'd be more fun… I'm not a sadist after all, I don't take any enjoyment over hurting you, but we both know you wouldn't be affected by something as simple as sex. I need you to talk, and I want you to put your talents to work for me, and we both know that you won't do either of those things if the only penalty for refusing is sex." Midas said, his tone relaxed as he looked down at her. "Answer my questions, honestly and without hesitation, and I won't hurt you. I get nothing out of harming you, and if you just work with me you can get out of this unscathed. Give me something I can work with, give me a reason to not damage this beautiful body." Midas said, almost kindly as he reached forwards and grabbed her chin, tilting her head to make her look up into his silver eyes.

"Seven, there's seven capes in the Merchants. I don't know how many normal people, most of them are just junkies that Skids bribes with drugs or people who owe us money. They aren't real Merchants, just nobodies we use." Squealer admitted, making him smile and pull the knife away.

"I see, no real connection to the Merchants means they won't really know anything if they are caught, and they are very expendable… but I imagine that means they aren't particularly loyal either." Midas said to himself, typing on his phone. "If you had to guess how many actual Merchants there were, what would you say?"

Skidmark would kill her if he got his hands on her, but Midas would definitely kill her, after torturing her, if she didn't fold and the idea of going back to the Merchants and ruining her body and mind with drugs again made her physically sick.

She hated Midas, but she might just hate Skidmark more.

Her recruitment into the Merchants was just her being knocked out while she was scavenging the Boat Graveyard for materials to tinker with, when she woke up there were so many drugs in her veins that Skidmark found it oh so easy to make her do just about anything for another hit, just waiting a week before the withdrawal symptoms were so bad that she was willing to do anything for a hit.

With the drug fuelled haze lifted from her mind, she knew she'd have nightmares over the things she'd done all for the sake of another hit.

It was how Skidmark kept his capes in line, by being the only way for them to get some of the drugs they were so addicted to.

"A couple hundred? The only important ones are the dealers, drivers, pimps and some of the better fighters, the rest are just cannon fodder." Sherre admitted, letting out a sigh of relief as Midas walked to the table and put the knife back down, walking back over to her and gently running his hand through her still wet hair.

"That's a good girl, you're hungry aren't you?" Midas asked, making her nod hesitantly. "The more you give me, the better your treatment will be, what's your favourite food?" he asked, smiling down at her.

"The mega burgers from Fugly Bob's, they… remind me of a better time." Sherrel admitted, making him nod as he typed something into his phone before he turned back to her. "The seven capes, tell me what their cape names and powers are, and a bit about their personality."

God, if Skidmark got his hands on her… well he'd probably just shoot her, which was still better than Midas deciding to get out his knife again.

"Skidmark's power is these… force fields? They make anything that goes through them much stronger. He's… smarter than he acts, but he's usually so high he can't think straight, and he gets pissed off easily." Sherrel started, surprised at how little guilt she felt. "Then there's me, I can make… basically anything that moves, if I have the materials."

"Something I intend to take full advantage of, you'll have all the materials you could ever want if you play your cards right, wouldn't it be nice to be able to Tinker freely, with proper equipment and materials?" Midas asked, making her force down her agreement.

"Mush can make his body stronger by covering himself in shit, it looks weird as fuck but he can really do some damage if he gathers enough. He's kinda a bitch? He's a coward and he's also kinda dumb." Squealer continued, making him chuckle. "Whirlygig can make a tornado around herself, she's… I don't really know, she keeps to herself. Trainwreck is the same, he mostly sticks to the Trainyard and doesn't spend that much time with the rest. He's a tinker, not as good as me cause all he can build is a power suit that only he can use."

"Interesting, you're doing great so far." Midas praised, and she had to force down the happy feeling his words give her.

Skidmark didn't really do positive reinforcement, other than give her more drugs when she did good. Normally she just got insulted and cursed at for not doing things faster.

"Grapist is… fucking scum. His power is making these sticky purple balls, if you get stuck to one it can take ages to pull yourself free, and he likes to use a load of them to keep his opponent in place. He… his name is everything you need to know about him, he likes using his balls to keep women in place while he has his way with them, he's a midget and he can't fight but if he gets you stuck in place there's really nothing you can do." Sherrel said, shuddering at the memories that resurfaced.

Grapist hated women, because he couldn't get so much as a hug from anyone thanks to his perverted personality and weird looks, and Skids had made a monster by enabling the little bastard.

Although…

"I know where he lives, if you get him by surprise he wouldn't be able to fight back." Sherrel offered, feeling absolutely zero guilt about selling out the creep. "His name is Minoru Mineta, he lives in the Downtown district."

"You want him gone." Midas said simply, making her nod.

"I'm already fucked, either you'll kill me or Skidmark will, but I can at least take that piece of shit down with me." Sherre said, making him smile.

"Well, if that's what you think I suppose I'm your best chance at survival." Midas teased as she gave him a dirty look. He put her in this mess in the first place.

"But yes, I want him gone." Sherrel admitted, making Midas chuckle.

"I have no use for someone so… crude, and he lacks the potential that you have, so I imagine that he will be dying fairly soon." Midas said idly, a slight smile appearing on her face.

"The last cape, I don't know anything about." Sherrel admitted, making Midas's eyebrows rise. "They're a drug tinker, but Skidmark wouldn't let any of us meet them, that way he was our only way to get our high. I don't know where they are, I don't know who they are. I only know they exist because I've picked drugs up from one of our drug labs, I think they constantly move between labs. I've never met them and I've never even seen them. Skids mentioned them a couple of times while he was high, but he never gave details." she explained, waiting for the punishment for failing to give Midas what he wanted.

"Ahh, that explains the Merchants' success, and why none of the other gangs can keep up with them in the drug business. Skidmark was smart to keep them hidden, but I'll find them all the same. Don't worry, I believe you. I'm not unreasonable, if you don't know then I get nothing from hurting you anyway." Midas said as he reached down and removed the straps holding her arms in place. "You've been cooperative, and I'd never punish you for good behaviour." Midas said cheerfully as he stepped back, allowing her to rise.

As a minion entered the room, her eyes widened at the sight of the Fugly Bobs takeaway bag, which he promptly handed to her.

"You can go back to your cell, eat and rest up. I will be back later to continue our conversation, but nobody wants to be interrogated on an empty stomach." Midas joked, giving her a smile as he stepped back.

"If I keep telling you what you want to know, you won't hurt me?" Sherrel asked, making him chuckle.

"I don't condone torture for the sake of torture, if you don't give me a reason to hurt you, I won't." Midas said, and strangely enough… she believed him.

"And if I behave, I'll get treated well?" she asked, pausing as he nodded.

Not replying, she sat down in her cell and started on her large greasy burger, she was pretty sure Panacea had fixed her cholesterol so it was time to fuck it up again.

"I'll leave you to your… food." Midas said, slightly disdainful as he looked at her burger.

Nodding, she took a bite of the burger and sighed as she realised just how hungry she was, now that the adrenaline and fear had started to fade.


Jin -


Leaving the prison, I added everything she told me to my growing files on the Merchants, and I send a single minion to go and scout out the Grapists home.

You catch more flies with honey than vinegar, and her lack of loyalty tells me all I need to know about Skidmarks leadership style.

Without the drugs to keep her in line, she folded in seconds. Which is good because I legitimately have no idea how to torture someone, I just grabbed a bunch of random tools and threw them in a bag.

Guild Obligation Complete
50 Guild Credits added

Not quite what I meant when I said make her squeal, but you technically did it and that's good enough for me.

Oh, she'll squeal soon enough… but her lack of loyalty to Skidmark represents an opportunity I can't ignore.

Yeah, I see that. Still, I promised a secret reward from me if you could do it in three days, and it's not even been two yet...

That you did, Neith.

Heh, check your computer.

Heading back to my office, I start to plan out my next move. I need to give Squealer time to think, let the fact that she won't be escaping sink in, but I have a few ideas on how to start using the information Squealer gave me to use.

Logging into my pc, I spot a new app that simply has a chibi version of Neith giving me the thumbs up as its logo, clicking on it, I pause as a picture opens itself, covering my screen.

Neith smirking at the camera over her shoulder, her skimpy clothes long gone as she poses with her ass pushed out towards the camera.

Under it are the words 'I caught you staring, and success turns me on…'

Well, isn't that… interesting.

...sending a message to the White Rabbit, I get an immediate reply to my booty call, and I could swear I heard Neith laugh as I closed the app.

As she slips into my office, I don't even bother speaking as I simply grab her and bend her over my desk, making her giggle as her thong is torn away.

A couple of hours later, the White Rabbit leaves my office with a smug smile and a womb and stomach full of cum, and I get back to work.

Firstly, I need to continue with the tutorial now that I have a Henchwoman, and the next step is to either level my Schemer class or get a new one.

Going into the levelling app, I spend some times reading over the 'rules' to levelling in this game.

I can pick a class, either Schemer or one of the options I didn't pick before, and it will give me a levelling quest, completing it increases my level in that class and gives me rewards appropriate to said class.

If I pick Schemer, I might get a new power or perk or one of my other schemer powers or perk might get upgraded.

It does seem that the class quests get harder the more I take them, which suggests I should look into 'multi-classing' early to get some early power boosts.

After some thought, I hesitate before I make the selection that best fits my current build, even if it solidifies myself as the villain, despite my moral high ground against the Merchants.

Serial Killer Class Quest Added
Objective 1: Kill 3 people in 24 hours without being caught
Objective 2: Stalk someone for at least three hours before killing them
Objective 3: Leave a calling card on the corpse of one of your victims

The Serial Killer class adds a changer power, a stranger power and a new perk when unlocked, and right now my greatest asset is the ability to hide.

It's why I need to look into a new base location, one that isn't already compromised. I'll use this place as a bait base, but I need a hideout nobody knows about.

I've had a bunch of my minions dressed like hobos wandering the Merchants territory, only keeping the hackers and a few workers on base. They've been hard at work helping me locate Merchant hotspots.

I wasn't kidding when I said I'm not a sadist, I don't take pleasure in causing pain, but I am a pragmatic man, and if taking lives will advance my cause… well, I just need to find the right lives to take.

But first things first, it's time to put the information I got from Glory Girl's phone and Squealer to proper use, because if Amy honestly thought I'd leave her sister alone, she's deluded.

I just need to make sure neither of the sisters realises I'm double dipping. Thankfully, the virus did its job and Amy had added a new contact for Victoria's new phone.

...Neith, how secure is this computer?

Basically impenetrable, do what you want from it and no-one from this world will be able to trace it.
The Guild takes our security seriously, and this computer is your link to us.

Excellent.


Victoria Dallon -


Flying through the skies of the downtown area, she frowned to herself in annoyance.

It wasn't that she was shy, she wore a fairly small skirt as Glory Girl and she knew she was sexy.

But that didn't mean she liked the fact that half of Brockton Bay had seen her naked, not when she didn't even know what she'd done to piss someone off enough to expose her like this.

School had been humiliating, because she knew most of the guys had seen the picture, and while you couldn't actually see her nipples or pussy in it, that just excited people more and it had been shared a lot.

The fact that she was 16 had done a bit to stop people from sharing it, but with the rapidly dropping population (thanks to three certain apocalypse monsters) the legal age had been lowered to try and increase birth rates, so it wasn't technically illegal to have her picture.

So she was stuck dealing with the fact that all her friends, her family, her classmates and even the thugs she fought had seen her naked.

Dean was angry at her, because it was the first time he'd ever seen that picture and he didn't understand that she hadn't taken it for anyone other than herself, so he was convinced that she'd sent it to someone else during one of their many, many breaks.

She hadn't, and you'd think someone who could literally sense emotions would be able to tell that, but he wasn't exactly being reasonable right now.

Mostly because he picked up some guilt during it, and mistook it for confirmation, so they had broken up.

Again.

Landing on a rooftop, she sat on the ledge and sighed to herself.

She had hundreds of pictures of herself on her old phone, and now someone with a grudge against her had them.

She'd had a long patrol the night she lost her phone, and she honestly couldn't remember if she had taken it home with her, and that worried her.

If someone had just found it, and she'd left it unlocked, she didn't have to worry that much, but what if someone had stolen it from her bedroom while she slept, someone who had the skills to unlock it and had a grudge against her?

This would just be the beginning.

Her mother was furious, because while the original site had been taken down, it did nothing to stop the fact that the picture was fucking everywhere. New Wave were supposed to be family friendly, and this really messed with their image.

She'd seen a PHO thread about her tits, and even worse people were comparing her to fucking Squealer.

Squealer!

They couldn't post the picture on PHO because it was always taken down immediately, Tin Mother classified it as revenge porn and deleted it any time it showed up, but it didn't change the fact that it just kept popping up on different sites.

Some bastard had changed her Parahuman Wiki picture to it.

It got changed back less than ten minutes later but still, it was humiliating.

As her new phone vibrated, she sighed again and got ready for another wall of text lecturing her, her mother was really not happy with her, but as she looked at the screen, she paused.

Why was a blocked number texting her? She'd only given this phone number to her family, even Dean didn't have it yet.

Unlocking her phone, her eyes immediately narrowed as she read the message.

'Mush is leading a group of merchant thugs, he's planning to go house to house searching for Squealer, attacking anyone who gets in their way.'

Below was a GPS location, and after a moment of hesitation she took to the skies and shot off towards the location mentioned.

She flew high, to avoid being spotted, and while she knew she'd probably get into trouble for leaving her usual patrol pattern, she was in the mood to hurt someone right now.

Landing on a rooftop quietly, she peeked over the edge and into the empty streets.

'He's in one of the buildings now, fourth house from the right, with the broken upstairs window.'

Looking around, she felt a hint of paranoia overcome her but before she could think about it, a deformed goblin came out of the house the message had mentioned, a dozen men carrying various improvised weapons like tire irons and baseball bats, following behind him.

"This is gonna take all fucking night, you lot start on the other side of the street, kick the door in, search the place and if the owners give you any shit, beat their asses. If you see any valuables you can carry, grab them too." Mush grunted, making her put her phone away.

She'd seen enough.

Flying down, Mush barely had time to widen his eyes before she grabbed the ugly bastard and uppercutted him into the air, flying up above him and immediately kicking him back down to the ground as he groaned in pain.

Mush was easy to handle if you made sure he didn't have a chance to absorb trash, and the thugs weren't armed with guns so she could mostly ignore them as she rushed Mush again.

She'd fought him before, and she knew how to handle this idiot.

Grabbing him again, she took off into the air, far away from any junk he could use his power on as she flew all the way to the clouds.

"What the fuck are you doing here, Glory Hole?" Mush spat, swinging at her as his sloppy punch bounced off her forcefield.

"Stopping a bunch of druggies from assaulting innocent people, also… you really want to try and hit me? Look down, dumbass, can you fly?" Glory Girl asked with a smirk, his pudgy face paling as she calmly let go of his arm, watching him start to fall before flying down and grabbing his leg.

"Fuck off, you bimbo bitch. Don't you have more pictures to take, the boys loved your other one." Mush taunted, which would be more threatening if he didn't smell of urine from his little flight.

Pulling out her phone, she messaged the PRT line for Independent Heroes. She'd had to register her new phone, which had taken hours of paperwork, but it was worth it as she got an almost immediate reply.

The PRT needed some good PR after the White Rabbit fuck up so it wasn't surprising they were so willing to come take credit for Mush.

As for how to actually deal with him, she just stayed in the air where he couldn't do anything without making her drop him to the ground, his men had already scattered to the winds, Merchants were cowards like that.

Seeing the PRT car pull up a few minutes later she flew down and tossed the shaking goblin to the ground, the PRT troops immediately spraying him with containment foam as she crossed her arms with a smile.

She was still in a bad mood, but beating up some dumb Merchant always brightened her day.

"Strange to see a member of New Wave so far from Downtown, something changed that we should know about?" A friendly voice asked, making her perk up as she saw who was leading the PRT men.

"Oh, hey Mr Gordon!" Vicky said cheerfully, smiling at the moustached man. "I got a tip that Mush was causing trouble, and it was only a couple of minutes flight so I decided to check it out, I'm sure I'll get lectured for it later but whatever."

She always liked James, he was one of the more friendly PRT men, friendly and very competent. It was a damn shame what had happened to his daughter.

Poor Barbara…

Shaking her head, she put her crippled classmate out of her mind and focused on the present.

"You know the drill, we'll need you to come in and write up a report, but Mush already has an outstanding warrant, so we'll take it from here. You better get back to Downtown, let's not give Brandish any more of a reason to be angry." James chuckled, making her groan as she floated into the air.

"Trust me, I don't think I can make matters any worse than they already are." Vicky groaned, making him look at awkwardly. "You've seen it? Oh for- is there anybody that hasn't seen me naked?!" Vicky half-shouted.

"Sorry, clicked the wrong link, it was just labelled Glory Girl's Glory." he admitted with a slight blush to his cheeks.

"Ugh, it's fine. What's one more person at this point. I'm getting back to my route, good luck with the creepy goblin!" she said, setting off again to hide her embarrassment.

Opening her phone, she frowned at the three missed calls and several texts from her mom. Reading through them, she groaned as she realised what it was about.

Opening PHO it took her less than a minute to find a link to the new picture, and as she opened it she audibly groaned.

This time they hadn't posted one picture, they'd posted two.

The first was mostly harmless, it was just her in a set of red lingerie, sitting on her bed with a smile. The second was worse, because this time there was nothing at all covering her breasts as she smirked at the camera wearing nothing but a tiny white thong.

She knew this was only going to get worse, because they were still some of the milder pictures she could remember taking.

The message this time made her panic slightly, as it simply said '729 pictures, 39 videos'.

Her mystery informant messaged her again while she was cursing herself for loving the camera so much.

'Nice work.'

'Thanks for the tip, don't suppose you want to tell me who you are?' she replied, waiting for a moment.

'No, but I can tell you something more interesting. I know who has your phone.'

Pausing, she stared at the screen in shock.

'Who?' She asked immediately, the person on the other end of the line not responding.

'That's going to cost you, I gave you a freebie to… advertise my services. My name is Prophet, and I'm an information broker, offering my services to the heroes, for the right price.'

Groaning, she paused before replying. That made a lot of sense, it was wrong to say as a hero but nobody did anything for free, especially in Brockton.

'I'm not exactly wealthy, neither is my family.' she admitted, being a Hero didn't pay well and donations only went so far, it was why her mother spent more time in her lawyer outfit than she did her heroic one.

'In this case, it's not money I want. A favour for a favour, to be called in at my discretion. Nothing illegal of course.'

'Fine, but if you try and get me to break the law, I'm coming for you next.' she warned.

'I'm sure you would, but I'm not worried. I'm on the side of the angels, I just think having Alexandria Jr on my side is a good idea if I'm going to be supplying information on villains.' Prophet replied, making her pause, before she smiled. He wanted protection, and he probably had his reasons for not wanting to go the PRT, Thinkers were always in high demand, and he wasn't wrong to be worried.

'Heh, you could have just asked for protection. If you're working for the good guys, I'll protect you from any pissed off villains, whether you're getting paid or not.' Vicky replied, she understood that not every cape could afford to work for free, she had her family and donations, but an independent thinker wasn't going to have any of that.

'Glad to hear it, because I might just need it. Midas has your phone, he had the White Rabbit steal it. Not sure what you did to get his attention, but he's focused on you.' Prophet answered, making her pause.

All she did to Midas was… well, she kinda threatened him on PHO but that couldn't have been it.

Midas was gonna pay for this...

'Glory Girl, do not confront him directly. He got a lot from your phone… including the identity of Gallant, from which he deduced the identities of almost every ward. He also has proof that you've crippled people, making your sister cover for your mistakes. I'm telling you this as a hopeful ally and a powerful Thinker, if you go after Midas directly, people will die.' Prophet sent, making her pause as she read through it, her heart dropping to ground level as she realised the seriousness of the situation.

She'd exposed the real identity of her boyfriend, and Midas was smart enough to link the rest of the wards to Dean's friends. She'd gotten Amy into trouble as well.

'What should I do then, oh mighty Prophet?' she replied, scowling to herself. She wasn't angry at Prophet, only mad at the whole situation, and herself.

'For now, bide your time. I know it sucks, but Midas isn't doing this on a whim, and he's a pain to try and predict. He wants something from you, wait until you find out what and I'll do my own research. Keep it to yourself, I've already predicted what happens if you tell your family. In short, New Wave is destroyed. Brandish is a powerful and admirable cape, but her brand of diplomacy will make this situation so much worse. Don't tell Amy either, she loves you too much to stand by and do nothing. She'll try to help and it won't end well.' Prophet warned as she landed on top of one of the towers, frowning to herself.

'And if Midas starts making demands?' Vicky asked, hating his answer but she couldn't say he was wrong

Her mom would definitely try and deal with the problem directly, and Amy would get herself into trouble.

'Depends on what he asks for I suppose, like I said, I can't model him that well. I'll keep trying and see if I can find a way to outsmart him, but I'm fairly certain he's a more powerful thinker than me, and that his Stranger power is what is making it so hard to get a grasp on him.' Prophet replied as she sighed.

She hated when people made this much sense, she wanted to just go and punch Midas in his fancy mask but… Prophet was obviously a fairly powerful thinker, and she wasn't arrogant enough to think she knew better than someone whose entire power was knowing things.

'So just keep my mouth shut and bide my time? I hate it, but fine.'

'If it makes you feel better, this is the best way to deal with him. He is focused on you at the moment, but I'm 89% sure he has dirt on other heroes. If you prove too resistant he'll move onto other heroes, whatever he is planning, the best way to counter it is to play along until we know enough to stop it. Sorry, I know this isn't ideal, but I can't show my hand yet, Midas cares little for the unwritten rules and he will kill us both if he feels threatened, he knows how your forcefield works, I'm sure of that. Anonymity is my only defence against him.'

'Got it, he has a PHO account, should I confront him that way?' Vicky asked, pausing as she sat on the edge of a tower, watching the city.

'It won't result in any casualties, but I think it'll speed up his plans. Try not to insult him, he responds poorly to disrespect, as you'd expect from a self proclaimed king, although he might show his hand early if you do, but he'll probably go out of his way to humiliate you at the same time. Your choice.' Prophet said after a couple of minutes. 'I have to go, thinker headache, just be careful, Brockton Bay is a far worse place without you in it, trust me I did the maths.'

'Heh, flattery will get you nowhere.' Vicky replied, smiling slightly. 'Get some rest, I won't do anything stupid.'

'If flattery will get me nowhere, why are you smiling like that?' Prophet teased back, making her blush slightly.

'Shush. Go sleep.'

'Heh, later GG.'

Putting her phone away, she sighed to herself despite her smile. Midas, so that was her enemy.

She hated enemies she couldn't just punch.


Jin -


Closing the phone app, I chuckle to myself.

Glory Girl is a more complicated woman than you'd think, but she's still an easily flattered teenage girl who's feeling down, it makes getting into her good graces all too easy.

She's got an ego and having it stroked makes her like the person who is doing the stroking, even if it's a faceless cape over the phone.

Plus, neutralizing another Merchant cape in the process is the cherry on the top.

It might seem like a bad idea to sell myself out, but it's all part of the plan.

Looking down at the text from Amy on my actual phone, I smile to myself at a job well done.

'Okay, you've proven your point. I'm sorry. Please stop humiliating Vicky'

'If only apologies fixed all the problems in the world… but life isn't that simple. ' I reply easily, knowing that she's feeling guilty, because why else would I still be posting Glory Girl's pictures other than to spite her?

'What do you want?' Amy replies immediately, she really does love Vicky a little too much.

'A vault filled with gold, a tropical island and a harem of busty women in bikinis seeing to my every whim, but since I can't have that? A topless picture of you will do.'

'So you can post it online?' Amy asks immediately.

'That entirely depends on you, my dear.' I reply, waiting a few minutes before my phone vibrates again.

Opening it, I let out a light laugh at the furious flare in her face as she stares at the mirror, only wearing some linen pyjama bottoms as her surprisingly large breasts hang free.

'There, asshole. Now take Vicky's pictures down.' Amy says, the growl in her tone audible even over text.

'Ah, that wasn't the deal was it? I'll stop posting her pictures, but the pictures I've already posted are out of my hands now. But don't worry, I'm a man of my word, as long as you don't irritate me, the rest of her collection will stay in my personal collection.' I reply easily, I'm not taking them down when it would ruin my game with Vicky.

'Fuck you.'

'That won't be necessary, but perhaps the next time you decide to hit me we can try that avenue.'

Amy doesn't respond after that, but it doesn't matter. I've already got what I wanted. The picture is nice but the whole point of this exercise was simply to start training Amy to behave herself and do whatever I tell her.

By the time the two sisters realise I have played them, it will be too late.

'Prophet' will help me keep the far more reckless Glory Girl under control, and I can handle Amy myself.

"Boss, the job was a success. He didn't have that much, but we grabbed everything that wasn't tied down. Had to beat up a couple of junkies as well, but we had no casualties." A minion reports as I lean back and smile.

Mush is a very noticeable man, which made having a minion track him back to his 'hideout', a literal crack house, easy enough.

A crack house we just raided, while Mush was being beaten down by Glory Girl, because he emptied it of basically all the people who were in any condition to actually fight.

"It's done then? Take the loot to the vault, I'll sort it myself later." I order, happy with my work.

"Yes, boss!"

It's not much, but it has put off my looming financial problems a bit, Mush had a bit of a nest egg in unmarked bills, he also had a lot of drugs which I'll probably dump in the ocean and now the Leviathan gets high or something, I just don't want the merchants having them.

Also I had them set his house on fire, after throwing the druggies out of it, but that was mostly out of spite.

It probably raised the local property value, to be perfectly honest.

Going back to my computer, I spend my newly acquired money immediately as I start the next research project, the first node of the science tree, unlocking technicians who can maintain my equipment and a few other toys.

It will take time, because my current research power is… not excellent to be honest. My hackers have some research prowess but my basic minions are bad at research so it'll take a lot longer.

Which is why I'm going down the science tree, I want actual researchers. Also, I need the lab room for Scarecrow when I finish that recruitment.

As I write up an email, I look over the information I've managed to dig up.

I need a legal side, something I can link Jin to instead of Midas, even if I use it as a cover for my illegal activities and I think I've found something.

Uraraka Constructions is a small, family run business and while my time as a ceo has taught me that family businesses are usually more trouble than they are worth… this one might be worth the exception.

First of all, they are failing. A much larger company named Fortress Constructions has been undercutting them, and because of it they have fallen into deep debt and that presents an opportunity.

If I get the money, I can pull them out of debt and use my own skills to turn a profit, even just a small one would be enough.

Plus... Uraraka, I know that name. It's what drew me to actually look into this company more than the passing glance I gave it.

I've found the mothers Facebook page, and from it I've confirmed what I already suspected.

She has a daughter, one Ochaco Uraraka, a daughter who has recently been pulled out of regular schooling and basically vanished from the system, coincidentally it seems UA is taking in more students in the near future, from PRT announcements.

They've spent some time boasting about the hero Lemillion, a graduate of UA who has become a full-time hero, leading the Wards in Brockton Bay.

It's not surprising they sent him here, it's close to UA and it is woefully understaffed when you compare the villain/hero ratio to other cities.

He's the UA poster child at the moment, a shining example that their methods work. He does seem a bit problematic, a real hero of justice. I can't say I like it.

Mostly because he seems like someone I'll have to deal with eventually.

But back on topic, I finish up and send an email to Orika Uraraka, the mother of the family and the woman listed as the CEO of Uraraka Constructions.

It's nothing special, just a tentative email inquiring whether they would be interested in an investment to help with their current financial situation.

I have a bigger plan for this as well, if I can 'invest' in their company, I intend to take over and expand, and where better to get workers than the Dockworkers Union, which is all but led by Danny Hebert.

Never settle for only achieving a single objective with your scheme, not when you can get so much more out of it.

Checking PHO, I pause as I notice a new conversation someone has started with me, opening it up.

AllSeeingEye: I don't suppose you're still hiring minions? No, not minions… Henchmen. How does someone usually join a Supervillain, my last recruitment was at gunpoint so I'm not used to applying. Am I supposed to send you my resume?

TheGoldenKing: I tend to be the one to approach my prospective Henchmen, but if you think you have talents I'd like in my organisation, you're more than welcome to apply.

AllSeeingEye: I can do one better, I know you plan on taking down the Merchants first, and now is the best time to do it with ABB and Empire at each other's throats, and I can show you where all six of their drug labs are located. I have a price, and it's not something I'm willing to discuss over the internet. Can we meet?

TheGoldenKing: Well, you've already started to impress me, so I suppose I can give you a bit of my time, tomorrow at midnight at the eastern side of the Boat Graveyard. If this is a trap, you'll die first Tattletale, and the rest of the Undersiders will follow you.

AllSeeingEye: Understood, I'll be there, alone.

Well, well… isn't it nice when my prey comes to me?

I can only hope Blank works as advertised.

But for now… where can I find three expendable merchants? I have a quest to complete.


Tattletale -


She hated the fact that she had no way to confirm her suspicions, that she didn't know what Midas was thinking, that she only had guesses to work with.

But this was her best chance, Coil was all but paralysied for now, she was sure he wasn't leaving his base until his power was working again, which had even helped her pinpoint his actual identity.

Thomas Calvert hadn't shown up for work in days, nor had he been home, and that had been the last thing she needed to narrow it down from the three suspects she had.

"New orders from the boss?" Grue asked as she left her room, Rachel sat on the floor with her dogs around her.

"Not yet, he's dealing with his own thing at the moment. We have some time to ourselves, for now at least." Lisa said, making Grue nod calmly, going back to his laptop.

"So we get to laze around and do what we want until the big bad boss calls for us? Works for me." Regent said over his shoulder, not looking away from the tv screen as he rapidly pressed the buttons on his controller.

"That's because you're a slacker." the purple haired teen sat next to him deadpanned, making Regent laugh as gunshots came from the speakers.

"Yeah, well this slacker just 360'd you." Regent mocked before freezing in place, Shinsho grinning slightly. "Don't you fucking-"

"Stay still." Shinso ordered, watching as Alec froze in place. "You think I didn't notice my fingers twitching whenever we fought? Dumbass."

Sighing to herself, even as Grue told them both off for mastering each other, she pushed down a sliver of guilt.

She was fond of the undersiders, and if she could take them with her into Midas's gang, she would… but if she had to abandon them to escape Coil?

Well, there was only so much honour among thieves.


Bonus Scene - Alexandria -


"You're telling me that Contessa is useless?" she asked, her tone icy cold.

"Worse than useless, any path she gets is pure nonsense. She's almost killed herself three times because her path told her it would help. She's had the path guiding her for so long she doesn't know how to act without it." Doctor Mother agreed, making her mind race.

This was… catastrophic, she'd already realised that almost every pre-cog Thinker had stopped producing results that actually made sense, and a lot of other Thinkers were having similar issues.

"Something is interfering with any Thinkers that works on a large scale, Thinkers that have to actually see what they are using their powers on aren't affected, but pre-cogs as a whole have become completely unreliable." Doctor Mother explained, making her mentally groan.

"Why aren't you more worried?" Alexandria asked, sitting down with a deep sigh.

"Because it's affecting every Thinker that works on a large scale, from the weakest precog… to the greatest." Doctor Mother explained, passing her a file.

Reading through it in seconds, she froze as she looked up.

"Is this confirmed?" Alexandria asked quickly, making the dark skinned Doctor nod calmly.

"The Simurgh broke her usual pattern at the exact same time that we first started getting reports of Thinkers having issues. She's been wandering in orbit with a frankly confused expression on her face ever since." Doctor Mother explained. "She was seen flying into a satellite, she didn't even react."

"Could it be a Simurgh plot?" Alexandria asked, making Doctor Mother sigh.

"Unlikely, if she could cripple Thinkers on a worldwide scale like this she'd have done it already. Plus… Scion hasn't been spotted since this started, though long disappearances aren't unusual for him. We have never seen a power affect Endbringers like this before, and even if we can't find a way to use this against Scion, we need to learn what makes whatever is doing this so different." Doctor explained, making her sigh.

"At the cost of losing access to any precog?" Alexandria asked, unsurprised when she didn't respond. Scion and the Endbringers were the only enemies that truly mattered, and neither of those could be seen in precognition anyway. "I'll tell David to avoid using any of his Thinker powers, but I think he's done that already. Do we have any idea what the cause is?"

"Not yet, but we are fairly certain the cause is somewhere in America, we'll keep narrowing the area down." Doctor Mother said calmly, making her nod.

The whole point of Cauldron was to find a way to stop Scion, if whatever was causing this could actually affect him they'd just become the most important person on this Earth.

As Doctor Mother's phone rang, she answered it calmly, a calm that immediately fell apart as her eyes widened.

"What do you mean Contessa escaped?!"

Authors Note: And another one. Gonna do this story until it's at five chapters to get the ball rolling.
"Sanity and happiness are an impossible combination."
― Mark Twain

​
My Discord, come here for porn and also sometimes fics: https://discord.gg/wd3tUYWVCd

My Patreon, I promise to spend any money given to me irresponsibly: https://www.patreon.com/TheDarkWolfShiro​
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Leith, Sypho.uad, Phil Waker2 and 1,225 others
The Dark Wolf Shiro
May 23, 2021
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 05: Negotiations
View content
The Dark Wolf Shiro
The Dark Wolf Shiro
Everyone Hail to the Pumpkin King
JoinedApr 1, 2019
Messages9,336
Likes received960,957
May 27, 2021
Add bookmark
#517
Disclaimer: I own nothing but my own original characters and works, if you recognise it from somewhere else, surprise it isn't mine.
Discord Link: discord .gg/ wd3tUYWVCd
Pat reon Link: Pat reon .com/TheDarkWolfShiro
Betad by morde24

The Guild of Gamers: The Supervillain
Chapter 05: Negotiations

As I plot out my night, you can't just jump into a triple murder after all, the ping from a new message on PHO makes me jump slightly.

I have two accounts now, TheGoldenKing for Midas and TheOracleOfBrockton for Prophet, and I've even assigned one of my hackers to watch the Brockton threads full time and make a note of anything important that happens.

I'm making my own database of capes and factions in Brockton, their numbers, powers, and what territory they control.

Opening my message as Midas, I chuckle at how impatient Glory Girl is.

I finished texting her as Prophet less than half an hour ago.

GloryGirl: I know you're the one posting my pics online, and I know you've found out a lot from my messages.

TheGoldenKing: Impressive, or it would be if you were capable of working it out yourself. New Wave doesn't have a Thinker, and I doubt the PRT bothered getting involved over some stolen nudes. I don't suppose you want to save me the ten minutes it'll take me to work it out and tell me who I need to speak to about interfering in my plans?

It's rather surreal to idly threaten… myself.

GloryGirl: What makes you think a Thinker was involved? Maybe you just aren't as subtle as you think.

TheGoldenKing: Don't waste both of our time trying to bluff a high-level Thinker, I'll figure it out myself. Does this whole endeavour actually have a point? Should I expect New Wave to kick down my front door?

After a moment, my Prophet phone gets another message making me laugh out loud as I read it.

'I kinda confronted Midas online… and he already worked out that a Thinker helped me. Sorry.'

Attached to it is a screenshot of our conversation, making me chuckle as I reply.

'Don't worry, he was always going to figure that out sooner rather than later, I've made some precautions for when he works out it's me. My headache hasn't gone away yet but I can help a little before I collapse. He already knows you haven't told anyone, and even if you do I'm fairly sure he's made arrangements for the Wards identities and your rather brutal treatment of criminals to be exposed if anything happens to him. He can be reasoned with, and Midas believes in keeping his word when he gives it, get him to agree to something and he'll keep his side of the deal as long as you do the same.'

'Shit. I hate dealing with Thinkers… it's so much easier when you can just punch the bad guy. Err, no offence. Get some rest, I'll handle this.'

'None taken, and just be careful. Good night and good luck.'

'Thanks again, P! Sleep well, sorry for the trouble.

It takes a couple of minutes before she replies to Midas, making me chuckle to myself as I watch the little notification that she is writing appear and disappear repeatedly.

GloryGirl: You already know I haven't told anyone. Look, I don't care what you do with the pictures. If it wouldn't hurt Amy as well, I'd say post the pics and texts from me accidentally crippling those thugs as well, but I won't let you reveal my friends' identities because of my mistake. Destroy my reputation if you want to, but leave them out of it. So what do you want?

TheGoldenKing: What makes you think I want anything from you?

GloryGirl: Now who's wasting our time? Did I beat you up before you triggered or something? You obviously have a grudge against me. So what do you want? You wanna humiliate me? I'll do my patrols naked, hell give me a location and I'll film a fucking sex tape with you if it stops you from holding the Wards identities hostage.

TheGoldenKing: You think I'd give up intel like this just to fuck you? If you think my goal only goes as deep as humiliating you, you're as delusional as you are arrogant. You're a stepping stone, Glory Girl, just a pawn on a board of far more important pieces.

GloryGirl: Then what the fuck do you actually want? What do you get out of all this? What do you even want to get out of all this?

TheGoldenKing: Brockton Bay, for what is a king without a kingdom?

She sends a few more questions, digging for information to send to Prophet later, but I stop responding, leaving her frustrated.

I have scheming to do, and I'll let her stew in her confusion and frustration, the fact that she doesn't know what I want from her will be stuck in her mind and that's exactly what I want.


Glory Girl -


As it became clear he wasn't going to reply, she opened his profile and started going over his posts. She was no Thinker but he was fairly active and surely he'd said something that'd give her an idea of what the hell she'd done to get his attention.

She knew she was in trouble, the PRT liked her even less than it liked most independents, as it didn't like any cape that wasn't on its payroll.

She had a habit of butting in on Ward patrols to spend time with Dean, or showing up at crimes that the PRT was dealing with and disobeying their orders to not get involved so she could punch villains in the face.

She'd had to sign countless files to deal with the fact that she knew the identities of most of the Wards, and she'd realised just how badly she'd broken those agreements now.

She hadn't told anyone their identities, but she had been too laid back and that had exposed Dean. She never imagined anyone else would get her hands on her phone, and through her exposing Dean she'd given Midas all he needed to locate the others.

The PRT would be out for blood if he exposed them, and she doubted his blood alone would satisfy them when the leak was followed back to her.

It'd destroy any friendly relationship between New Wave and the PRT, maybe that was what he wanted?

Midas knew the risks of threatening the wards like this, he was too smart not to, but he was far too confident. He had a plan and she was a part of it, a piece on his board and she couldn't tell if she was working against his plan or playing her part without ever realising it.

She needed to know the details of his plan, it was the only way they'd have a chance of actually stopping him, otherwise any attempt to stop him would have catastrophic consequences.

Reading his posts, she scowled to herself. She'd think of something, even if that something was just to play his game until she had enough information for Prophet to figure out the master plan.

To protect Amy and her friends from paying for her mistakes, she had to stop Midas.


Amy -


To protect Vicky, that was what she repeated in her head as she took the picture, sending it to her blackmailer.

He'd asked for another one, he hadn't even bothered to repeat his threats this time, he knew how tight the leash around her neck was, he knew he didn't need to.

If he expected a picture of her in just her panties to be as enticing as Vicky's, he was mistaken because she only owned boring underwear.

'I have to say, your robes are very deceiving. Perhaps you should follow your sister's example and replace those boring robes with a nice short dress, after all why would you ever want to hide such a nice ass after all?'

'Fuck you, I did what you want now go away.'

'Fine, fine. I'll give you a reprieve, for now at least. I'll be seeing you soon, Amy.'

Growling to herself, she tossed her phone away and grabbed her pyjamas, getting dressed again as she forced down her blush.

It was all to protect Vicky, that was worth any embarrassment she had to go through.

Going to bed, she drifted off into a restless sleep, waking up in a cold sweat hours later, her heart beating and her panties damp.

Cursing the moment she heard Midas's name, she showered and changed her underwear, grumbling to herself as she went down for breakfast.

Sitting at the table, she noticed the bags under Vicky's eyes, she hadn't slept well either, and she was already completely focused on her phone.

Probably just another argument with Dean, it'd explain the irritated expression.


Jin -


Heading out into the night, I double check my outfit, a large knife and my cheap black hoodie, and mentally prepare myself for what's to come.

I don't want these killings attributed to Midas, so I've changed my look for the occasion, black cargo pants and a black hoodie with a expressionless white plastic mask to hide my face.

I've had my minions find me my first two targets, and setting off I quickly track down one of them, the rough looking man leaning against a lamppost looking bored.

Approaching him, I don't even hide my presence and I'm not wearing my mask as he looks up, putting his phone away.

"Are you… umm-" I say hesitatingly, putting the right amount of worry in my tone as he chuckles.

"First timer, huh? If you're looking to get your dick wet, you've come to the right place. You got a price range?" the pimp says with a smirk.

"Money isn't an issue." I say quickly, making him smile at me.

"Good to hear, in that case you got a preference? If you don't mind paying extra, I can get you just about anything. White, Black, Asian, Latino, young or old. If you like them younger, we got this new teen recently, barely used. Tightest little cunt I've fucked in years, she's shit at giving head though, noisy too." he says, grabbing his phone and showing me a picture of an obviously very nervous naked girl, looking like she's being forced to pose at gunpoint. At a guess I'd say she's fourteen at the oldest.

It's interesting fighting the merchants, because no matter what I'm doing I somehow feel like the good guy.

"Yeah, I'll take her." I say, putting a bit of lust into my voice as he chuckles, starting to dial a number.

He's looked away from me to make his phone call, and that will be his last mistake. Drawing my knife, I move quickly and slash at him, aiming for his throat as he turns around, his eyes widening as the blade opens his neck, blood spurting out onto my hoodie.

He reaches for his barely concealed gun, but I grab it first and toss it aside, aiming my blade again as I sink it into his chest.

He dies swiftly, with less pain than he frankly deserves, and as he falls to the floor, I reach into the small backpack I brought with me and extract my 'calling card'.

A lotus flower, a symbol of purity.

I leave quickly, I know the area and I've had my men watching the pimps and work out their schedules, nobody should show up any time soon, but I don't need to take any chances. The whores shouldn't show up to give him their earnings for a few hours, but clients could show up at any minute.

Once I'm a few streets away, I remove my blood stained hoodie and calmly replace it with the one in my backpack. There's a little blood on my trousers but the dark colouring makes it hard to see in these low light conditions and I forgot a spare pair of pants.

Finding target number two, I mentally sigh at how easy it is. I repeat the show, looking like a rich potential client for them to blackmail, it lowers the second pimp's guard and just like the first he dies choking on his own blood.

Another lotus is left behind and I escape into the night.

The third kill is more complicated, I need to stalk the victim for hours and I don't think having my minions watch them counts

But I'm a patient man, and finding the last of my prey I put on my mask and find a dark alleyway to watch him from. Merchants aren't the most observant in the first place and it's already getting late.

Starting a silent timer on my phone, I spend the next hour sitting in an alleyway occasionally looking out to make sure he isn't moving, and as the whores start to show up I simile.

He takes the money from them and sends all but one of them away, that could be a bit of a problem as he takes the last girl and starts moving.

Waiting for the rest to clear out, I set out after them, my hood up as I keep my face looking down, following behind them from a considerable distance.

It doesn't take them long to get to a house in the residential area, going inside and locking the door as I follow behind.

I have another hour and a bit before I can finish him, so I have time to find a way in. Going behind his house I spend some time testing the doors and windows, chuckling as I realise his back window wasn't locked properly.

It takes me a couple of minutes to climb inside, I'm not exactly dexterous, but I manage it and quickly unlock his back door, the key left in the door.

I'm wearing gloves, no need to make this easier for the police.

I can hear the sounds of sex upstairs, male grunting and moans coming from what I assume is the bedroom, but I have time to kill before I can well… kill so I take some time to quietly move around and look for anything interesting.

I find the money he stole, but as I'm shoving it in my bag, a phone rings and makes me jump in surprise, hearing him open the door upstairs and march downstairs as I hide in his kitchen.

My timer vibrates as he goes to pick up the phone, but I bide my time anyway.

"The fuck do you want?" The naked pimp grunts, his cock hanging free as he listens. "So some dumbass got violent, who gives a shit? It was probably just some junkie. No, I ain't seen anyone unusual, just a normal night. Yeah, yeah, I'll let you know if I see any flower carrying nutjobs."

Well, that's not very nice.

Ending the call, he scoffs to himself as he walks towards the kitchen, making me press myself against the counter as he opens the fridge, pulling out a beer.

As he goes to open it, I make my move and stand up, quietly walking around the counter, until the creek of the floorboards gives me away, the naked man turning to face me, his dark skin paling as his eyes widen.

He reacts quickly, tossing the bottle at me as I duck under it, rushing forwards with my knife gripped in both hands. Sinking it deep into his stomach he lets out a guttural scream and takes a sloppy swing at me, but the pain is clearly distracting him and as he futilely flails against meI pull the blade back and stab it right back in again and again.

Stepping back, I watch him fall to the floor with cold eyes. Merchants are scum, he won't be missed.

Finishing him with a slash across the throat, I turn to look in the direction of the footsteps I heard, tilting my head idly at the hooker as she screams and runs for the door, freezing in terror as she remembers that he locked it.

Placing a lotus down on his naked body, I walk towards her slowly, making her back up against the wall in terror.

Picking his keys out of the bowl next to the door, I slowly unlock the door and open it, walking back into the house as she flees in confusion.

I have no quarrel with her, and taking a moment to steal a large, dirty coat from the coat rack, I put it on over my bloody top and slip out of the back door, heading out into the night.

I take the long way home, putting my mask away halfway a few minutes after I leave the scene, and as I get home I let out a sigh of relief.

It was… hard work, harder than I imagined, but it was worth it.

Serial Killer Power unlocked
[What's your favourite scary movie?]
This Stranger power allows you to become untraceable and unrecognisable while talking over the phone, distorting your voice and preventing any attempts to trace you from succeeding.

Serial Killer Power unlocked
[Dark Reflection]
This Changer power allows you to take the appearance and voice of someone when you kill them, lasting until you take a new form or until you cancel it yourself. While you have taken their appearance, the corpse of your victim will become featureless and unrecognisable.

Serial Killer Perk unlocked
[Home is where the harm is]
You're an expert at casing your targets homes, preparing to hit them where they feel the safest. When approaching a target's home, you'll always be able to find the easiest way inside, whether it's an unlocked window or a key hidden under the doormat.

This is why unlocking a new class was more useful than levelling my current one, I get all the starter things I would have gotten for choosing the class instead of just getting a single upgrade or new power.

That said, I believe that the stronger perks and powers are hidden in the higher levels of the classes, so I should consider that as well in the future.

But it's been a busy night, and I have a busy day planned for tomorrow, so I think it's time to call it a night.

A leader should be well rested, because tired people are foolish people. You should never make an important decision on anything less than a full nights sleep.


Sherrel -


Waking up to Midas opening her cell, she rose slowly, making sure not to make any sudden movement, after spending two nights here with no sign of Skidmark coming to bust her out she was starting to realise she was on her own.

The White Rabbit stood behind him, leaning against the wall as she looked at the cell with a mischievous smile.

"What is it?" Sherrel asked as Midas stared at her, a smirk on his masked face. "More questions?"

"I thought about it, but I've decided to give you a choice today. There are three things I want to do with you today, and you get to pick two of them for us to do." Midas said as he stepped forwards, a strange look in his eyes.

"...what are my options?" Sherrel asked, seeing no option other than to play his games.

"The three choices are simple. One, you can give me a piece of information on the Merchants that you think is worth me skipping interrogating you. Two, you can call Skidmark and tell him you are leaving the Merchants, that you left of your own volition. Three, you can entertain me. I haven't built the garage yet, and even if I had I don't trust you enough not to build something to help you escape, but you have other talents don't you?" Midas asked, reaching forwards and gently groping one of her large breasts, making her moan lightly.

Despite their size, her tits had always been very sensitive and she couldn't stop the quiet moan that slipped out as he squeezed the soft flesh.

She could choose to sell out the Merchants and burn the bridges she still had with them, but she wasn't ready to completely destroy her relationship with them.

Not because she wanted to go back to them, but with her mind clear she would have a much better chance of escaping the Merchants and leaving Brockton Bay for good than she would escaping the more diligent Midas.

So she couldn't call Skidmark, which meant she had to 'entertain' Midas and tell him something valuable.

The unspoken warning that she'd be interrogated if she didn't choose, or if her information wasn't good enough, had her mind racing.

She knew a lot of things that could hurt the Merchants, the location of their drug labs, money stashes… the location of a stash tinkertech weapons that Skidmark had bought from a European warlord named Red Ivan, that one she was keeping to herself until she was desperate. Skidmark didn't even know she knew about his secret weapons.

She knew how valuable the information was, which meant she should keep it to herself and use it later.

"There's a basement full of unmarked bills in a house in our territory, it's one of the places Skidmark uses to hide the profits from his drug deals." Sherrel said, making the White Rabbit perk up as she gave the address, giving Midas the puppy dog eyes as he chuckled. "It'll only have a few trusted men around it, we had issues with our guys stealing from the old stash, so Skidmark tried to hide the stashes instead, very few people know where they are."

"I do think you've just made Rabbit's day, and it's not even 9am yet." Midas chuckled. "I take it that you know where the other stashes are? How many stashes are there?"

"Three, and you said 'a piece of information'" Sherrel said, making him chuckle. "If I give up everything now, I won't have anything to tell you to avoid your knives later."

"I did, didn't I? Very well, Rabbit, grab a few minions and a regular van and go relieve Skidmark of his money. If you give me the other two locations, I promise I won't ask you for anything else for a week. This is a limited time offer because Skidmark is probably smart enough to move his other stashes once we hit one of them." Midas offered, making her pause for a moment before she sighed and gave the two other addresses.

Skidmark would kill her himself if he ever managed to bust her out, but maybe she could still convince him that Midas found out another way? Skidmark did hate Thinkers, they'd been hit by the Undersiders and their smug bitch of a Thinker too many times.

"There we go, I'll tell the minion I have overseeing the prison to get you whatever meal you want as a reward for your good behaviour." Midas offered, giving her a happy smile as the Rabbit pranced away, joy radiating from her. "And your second choice?" Midas asked, making her mentally sigh.

"What do you want me to do?" Sherrel asked in a defeated tone, she didn't want to burn that last brindle with Skidmark and lose her best chance at escaping this place, even if the bridge was probably already burning at this point, and it was just sex right?

As long as Midas didn't have any strange fetishes.

As Midas smirked at her, she had to wonder if she'd made a mistake. Every move she took felt like she was falling deeper into a web Midas had weaved around her, she thought he'd want her to phone Skidmark but his smugness said otherwise.

Sitting on the edge of her uncomfortable bed, he spread his legs slightly and unbuttoned his shirt as she took the hint and moved to her knees.

"Use your mouth and breasts this time." Midas ordered as she reached up and undid his belt, unzipping his trousers and pulling out his cock, she silently admitted it was a good size.

Not so big that it would be uncomfortable but also large enough that his partners would enjoy it, and as she wrapped her fingers around it, she stared up at his masked face, keeping eye contact as she leaned forwards and parted her lips, taking the head into her mouth.

He was well groomed and clean as well, which made this far more pleasant than having to suck some Merchants unwashed cock, and the taste of his slightly salty precum was almost pleasant in comparison to what she was used to.

She wouldn't go back to being the Merchants slut, to getting passed around by a bunch of disgusting drug-addled bastards all for the promise of another hit, she owed Panacea a lot more than the healer probably realised.

Sherrel died when Skidmark grabbed her, pumping her full of drugs then let his men run wild on her, and Squealer was born, named because Skidmark found her squeals funny. Sherrel was a girl with ambitions and hopes, Squealer was a junkie who'd suck a dozen cocks for a line of coke.

Panacea might as well have just killed Squealer and brought back Sherrel, and she'd die before she let herself fall to those depths again.

She'd survive this, and she'd get out of Brockton Bay, Skidmark and Midas could kill each other for all she cared, she just didn't want to be caught between them.

But as she started to bob her head, swirling her tongue around his cock, she had to admit that if she had to suck a cock, she'd rather it be Midas's instead of a Merchants.

Cleaner, less insults and violence and she wasn't going to catch something from him, she didn't get cleared of STDs just to catch them again.

It made this less disgusting, and to get this over with quickly she put her hard-earned skills back to use, the quicker he came the faster he'd leave her alone.

Grabbing her breasts, she lifted them up and wrapped them around his cock, bouncing her chest up and down in a rhythm, and making him groan quietly.

He was far more dignified than Skidmark, and as much as she hated to admit it he was her type, the dignified gentleman, well-dressed and soft-spoken.

Without insults and curses being barked at her, she was almost able to enjoy the act, pretending she was somewhere else, with someone else.

Her tits could engulf his cock entirely, but as the tip peaked out of her cleavage she leaned down and kissed it, making him let out a groan of pleasure.

It didn't take long before she felt him start to twitch, and moving her breasts back she quickly took his cock into her mouth again, swirling her tongue and humming as she sucked, her hands moving to his balls to gently massage them.

As he came, she expertly swallowed his large load, the taste actually enjoyable when compared to usual, it was salty of course but it had a slight… sweetness to it, something in his diet probably.

She just didn't want to have to sit around in a cell all day with cum on her body, once it was swallowed it was no longer a problem after all.

"I almost wish I had more time, but I have a long day of planning ahead of me." Midas said, redressing quickly as she stood up herself.

"So, we're done?" Sherrel asked, making him chuckle.

"I'm leaving, yes… that said, there's two things that I want you to do while I'm gone." Midas said as she narrowed her eyes. "Now, now, it's nothing bad. One, I'm going to have a minion take you to the bathroom so you can actually get clean, with soap and shampoo. The hose worked, but it's far from perfect." Midas said, making her perk up slightly. "Secondly, I want you to pick a new name."

"...what?"

"Let's face it, the only way you're leaving this base is either in my employ or in a body bag. I won't have someone with such a… Merchant-like name under me, and really, do you want to be known as Squealer for the rest of your life? It's ridiculous for someone with so much potential to have such a crude name, so think of a new one." Midas said, distaste in his tone as she nodded slowly.

"Fine, I will." Squealer agreed, he wasn't wrong, both of those things weren't bad at all.

"Excellent, as I've said before, keep behaving and you'll be treated better, maybe we can get you an actual bedroom soon? Enjoy your day, Sherrel." Midas offered, giving her a smile as he left, a female minion showing up shortly afterwards.

Following her to the bathroom, she soaked in the bath, spending hours scrubbing her body clean and shampooing her hair for the first time in… a while.

Why the hell was it more pleasant to be a prisoner than a free cape?


Tattletale -


Heading to the meeting point, she rehearsed her plan in her head, she wouldn't be able to rely on her power this time and it left her feeling unusually vulnerable.

It didn't take her long to spot Midas, how could she miss him when he was surrounded by twenty armed men and women in jumpsuits?

Sitting on a piece of debris, Midas was staring right at her, even though she'd only just walked into view.

He knew what direction she was going to come from?

The White Rabbit was sat right next to him, leaning against him as she whispered into his ear, covering her mouth so she couldn't read her lips.

They were having sex less than an hour ago, she's horny because she pulled off a big job earlier, she robbed the Merchants' main money stashes, Squealer told them where to find the stashes.


That made her information a lot less valuable, if he'd already started to make Squealer... well, squeal then she had less to barter with. Why get the drug labs locations from her when he could just get Squealer to tell him.

As the Rabbit looked towards her, she focused on her, she needed information and she couldn't get it from Midas.

She's a nymphomaniac, she's a projection, she was trying to convince Midas to make her sleep with them as part of her initiation.

Shuddering, she shook her head and looked at the underlings he had brought with him, her eyes widening as she realised something she was sure nobody else knew yet.

All she was getting from them was utter nonsense… the same nonsense she got from Midas. Midas couldn't share his blank power with his followers or he would have shared it with the White Rabbit, but every single one of his underlings had it.

Because they weren't real people, they were projections.

That's how Midas managed to build a gang without anybody noticing, he was literally creating his rank and file.

"Thanks for agreeing to meet with me." Lisa started, making Midas smile slightly.

"Search the area, make sure she came alone. If anyone else is lurking around, shoot her first." Midas ordered idly, a bunch of his men spreading out as she mentally congratulated herself for sneaking out alone, Brian wouldn't have wanted her going alone and would have probably tried to follow her subtly, he was a worrier like that. "You said you were interested in joining my organisation, for a price. So tell me Tattletale, what makes you so valuable that I'd fight Coil for you?" Midas drawled as she stilled, so this is what it was like being on the other side of things.

"I can get you whatever information you need on the other gangs and capes in Brockton, I can get the rest of the Undersiders to come with me and that'd add five new capes to your organisation immediately, and Coil is going to be a problem for your long term plans either way." Tattletale started, she didn't bother asking him how he knew, it didn't really matter in the long run.

"All at the cost of picking a fight with a powerful cape with a dangerous organisation, when I'm not even finished crushing the Merchants yet." Midas countered, unimpressed.

"Look, you grabbed Squealer to stop her from helping the Merchants against you, right? Well, this is just more of the same, Coil uses me for information on all his enemies, and while I can't read you I can still get a lot of information on your organisation and your plans. I'm offering to switch sides before I'm forced to work against you, and while your power has crippled Coil's for now, he's smart enough that he'll recover sooner rather than later, and when he does he'll be out for blood." Lisa said quickly, catching the slightest glimpse of shock on his face before he hid it. "You didn't know… your power is crippling countless Thinker's, and you hadn't realised it?"

"I'm aware that my power stops Thinker powers from working on me, but I'll admit I wasn't sure about the range." Midas admitted after a moment, making her nod.

"I don't know how Coil's power works, but it's some form of precognition, and when he recovers he won't stop until he knows who stopped his power from working. He's got a god complex, and having someone block his almighty power is an insult he won't be able to let go of. When he recovers, he'll use me to try and find out who did it and how, and I won't be able to lie to him. He always knows, trust me I've tried." Lisa said with a mental shudder.

She didn't know how, but Coil always seemed to have the information he was asking her for before he'd even asked the question, and every attempt to lie to him had ended… poorly.

"So, I should deal with you before then? Which means, you need to be valuable enough for me to not just put a bullet between your eyes and call it a night." Midas deadpanned, making her shake her head.

"You won't kill me, you know I'm smart enough to make arrangements just in case, you'd be declaring war in Coil without getting my skills, information or the Undersiders on your side." Lisa stated, hoping to god that she hadn't misjudged him.

Not having her powers was frankly terrifying.

As his lips twitched into a small smile, she let out a sigh of relief.

"Someone is desperate~ look at how she's shaking." Rabbit added in a teasing voice, leaning against Midas.

"Coil recruited me at gunpoint, and the only reason I'm still alive is because he still has a use for me. I want out, and you're my best chance. I can offer you information and capes to help you in your schemes and all you have to do is take the initiative and deal with Coil before he can try and do the same to you." Lisa said, making Midas's eyebrow raise behind his mask. "If sleeping with you is a requirement for your female capes, I'll do that too, you know this deal is in your favour."

Honestly Midas might be one of her best chances to actually enjoy sex, her power gave her far too much information on any potential partners for her to get aroused usually.

It was hard to get in the mood when her power helpfully told her every little detail about her partners sex life and hygiene.

In that regard, the nonsense she got from Midas was actually an improvement.

Plus she was a hot teenage girl, she needed to use every trick up her sleeve for this and her looks could be a tool to help her out, a bit of shame was worth escaping Coil.

"You're forgetting one thing, Tattletale." Midas said as he stood up, walking towards her. "Well, two things. One, I don't believe that you are so unambitious that just escaping from Coil would be enough for you, and two… what's going to stop you from backstabbing me the moment Coil is dealt with?"

He wasn't wrong, she had plans in place to take everything Coil owned the moment he was dealt with.

Reaching up, she pulled off her domino mask and looked up into his silver eyes.

"Lisa Wilbourn, if I try to turn on you, you'd kill me. Besides, is being ambitious really so bad? Coil made my life a living hell, why wouldn't I want to take what's his?" Lisa said defensively as he smirked at her.

"Did I say your ambition was a problem? Honestly, it's kinda sexy, and I like my followers to have their own ambitions, yes-men get dull fairly quickly, and I certainly have enough of them already." Midas admitted, making her pause. "And you're right, I will kill you if you turn on me." Midas said idly. "Convince the other Undersiders to switch sides, and I'll give you a task. Complete that and prove your worth, and I'll accept your offer."

Heh, he was really making sure to squeeze her for everything, wasn't he?

"You know, the story of King Midas was a warning about being too greedy." Lisa pointed out, making Midas chuckle.

"It was, unfortunately I didn't take anything from it other than 'gold is good'. Greed is good, it's part of what makes us human, the desire for more than what we need is what pushes us to succeed and prevents us from falling into complacency." Midas retorted.

"True, I'm pretty greedy myself. What's the job? The longer I have to gather information the better chance I have." Lisa asked, placing her mask back on.

"There's a cape I want in my organisation, but she's currently incarcerated, you will bust her out and bring her to me." Midas said, pulling out a file.

Opening it, her eyes widened as she stared down at a very famous face. Who hadn't heard of the drama around Canary after all?

"You realise this will really piss off the PRT?" Lisa asked, making him chuckle.

"Like you said, I'm greedy." Midas countered, chuckling. "Do we have a deal?"

"I can do it, I might need to lend some manpower though." Lisa admitted, holding the file under her arm.

"Get the Undersiders to agree to switch sides, and I'll provide you with whatever you need to get the job done." Midas offered, making her smirk.

"Then we have a deal, looking forward to working with you, boss. Oh by the way, Trainwreck is one of Coil's men, and is spying on the merchants. You might want to deal with him." Lisa added, making Midas chuckle.

"Is he now? Good to know, good night Tattletale, good luck with your team. They seem nice, I'd hate to have to assassinate the ones you can't convince."

"Heh, that won't be a problem."


Later -


This was a problem.

"No, not a chance." Brian said, crossing his arms over his chest.

"Brian-"

"Look, you're scared of our boss, and he knows our identities, look me in the eyes and tell me he wouldn't target Aisha if I betrayed him and joined some new guy." Brian said sternly, making her hesitate for just a moment. "You can't, which means that if I went along with this plan you've come up with by yourself, I could get Aisha killed."

"Midas could-"

"Protect her? You can't read Midas, I know you hate our boss but we are safe and well-paid, why would we give that up to join someone we know basically nothing about?" Brian asked as she mentally groaned.

She'd assumed convincing the others would be easy, but this wasn't the first time her assumptions had fucked her over.

"I'm game, as long as the new guy pays better." Alec said easily, his feet on the table as Brian scowled at him. "Besides, if Tats says the big bad boss is out of commission, we might as well jump ship."

"I'm with Brian, this is a bad plan." Hitoshi said simply, it wasn't really surprising since their newest member was more loyal to Brian than he was anyone else.

"...which pays better?" Rachel asked, making Lisa smile at Rachel's bluntness.

"Midas, excessive wealth is his entire persona. I can convince him to give you a kennel where you can keep and train plenty of dogs." Lisa offered, knowing she could convince Midas of the benefits of a pack of well trained dogs to protect his base.

"Fine, I'm going to Midas then." Rachel said bluntly, making Brian scowl.

Three to two, Brian could see things weren't going his way but she knew that he wouldn't change his mind, as long as Aisha would be put in…

"This isn't something we should decide in one night." Brian said, his tone final. "We can talk about this in the morning."

Which meant he was going to try and convince Alec and Rachel to change their minds before tomorrow, he might even succeed as Rachel saw him as the alpha of their pack and Alec was Alec.

The problem is that Midas had been 100% serious about killing the ones she couldn't convince, and she cared for her team even if she'd always put herself first.

And she knew exactly how to make sure Brian didn't get them all killed, but he'd never forgive her if she actually went through with it.

Brian wouldn't risk anything if Midas had Aisha, and that way Aisha would be safe from Coil as well.

Not that Brian would see it that way.

"Fine, it's been a long night anyway." Lisa agreed, watching as everyone dispersed. Brian gave her a stern look but she didn't care, she'd do what it took to get away from Coil.

'Grue is a problem, I might need a couple of your guys before the job to make him fold.'

Brian cared about one thing above all else, which meant she had one way to make him ditch Coil, even if it'd completely destroy their friendship.

But it would keep him alive.


Taylor Hebert -

■

Welcome to the Parahumans Online message boards.
You are currently logged in, Skittering
You are viewing:
Threads you have replied to
AND Threads that have new replies
OR private message conversations with new replies
Thread OP is displayed.
Twenty five posts per page
Last ten messages in private message history.
Threads and private messages are ordered chronologically.
■

♦ Topic: Incoming Gang War?
In: Boards ► Places ► America ► Brockton Bay Discussion
Bagrat (Original Poster) (Veteran Member) (The Guy in the Know)
Posted On Mar 6th 2011:
So, we all know that the White Rabbit has started working for the new gang leader, King Midas (yes, King is part of his cape name, we've been over this a dozen times already, it's not just Midas), and if you live in the Docks or Trainyard, you've probably seen the men and women in black masks and fancy jumpsuits running around all over the place.

Well, it looks like Midas has finally started to ball rolling against the Merchants because earlier today the White Rabbit and a dozen of Midas's men hit what must have been Merchant hideouts.

What I've been able to confirm so far is that the Merchants in the houses got badly beaten, with some possible fatalities, Midas's men were seen loading duffle bags into the back of their van (the same van that was seen busting the White Rabbit out of PRT hands) before they ran back to their not-so-secret hideout.

Skidmark isn't going to take this lying down, so if you live in Merchant territory, keep your head down and stay safe. It's gonna get dangerous.

(Showing page 1 of 1)
►Ekul
Replied On Mar 6th 2011:
Midas isn't even trying to hide where he is located at this point, there's dozens of videos of his men coming in and out of the formerly abandoned

Why hasn't the PRT or even the Merchants attacked him yet?

►AllSeeingEye
Replied On Mar 6th 2011:
The PRT haven't done anything because they can't.

Midas picked the perfect time to pull this, with the Empire losing Hookwolf to the new plant cape (is the name Poison Ivy confirmed now?) and the ABB smelling blood in the water and testing the Empire's defences.

Midas and the Merchants are basically small-scale compared to the danger of a war between the Empire and the ABB, and even if they weren't there's also the fact that nobody knows what Midas's power actually is. There's a reason that no PRT heroes have been seen in Merchant territory lately, they're sitting back and waiting to see how it turns out first.

Plus, attacking him at his hideout is a bad idea since he wouldn't be so blatant if he wasn't sure he was safe, it's probably trapped to hell and back.

As for the Merchants? Skidmark might be a junkie, but he's smarter than he looks and sounds, Midas is clearly baiting the Merchants to attack him and it's got Skidmark on edge.

Still, he can't ignore this for long, my inner eye tells me that what Midas hit was Skidmarks main stashes, all the money from their drug deals and hookers.

Looks like Squealer squealed, which means anything Squealer knows about is now at risk, and she's been the Merchants' main transporter for years.

►FlippinMad
Replied On Mar 6th 2011:
Is it wrong to root for a villain when he's fighting other villains?

Go Midas, kick those junkies asses!

►Panacea (Verified Cape) (New Wave)
Replied On Mar 6th 2011:
Probably.

The Merchants kill thousands with overdoses every year, and the number of assaults and rapes in their territory is almost triple anywhere else in the city.

That said, Midas is still a villain and just because he's fighting villains doesn't mean he's going to be any better. He just makes villainy look more appealing.

►RedQueen
Replied On Mar 6th 2011:
Let's be honest, he makes villainy look sexy.

►FlippinMad
Replied On Mar 6th 2011:
@RedQueen Emma!

I mean, you're not wrong but still...

►RedQueen
Replied On Mar 6th 2011:
Anyone taking the fight to the Merchants is worth rooting for, they're scum and anyone who is making life difficult for them has my support.

Especially if the PRT are just going to sit on their asses.

I've heard they've pulled the Ward patrols back to just downtown, while two different gang wars start up in the rest of the city.

End of Page. 1
■

♦ Topic: Potential Serial Killer???
In: Boards ► Places ► America ► Brockton Bay Discussion
Bagrat (Original Poster) (Veteran Member) (The Guy in the Know)
Posted On Mar 6th 2011:
Because a gang war wasn't enough, it looks like we have a serial killer in Brockton Bay.

Because of course we do, it wouldn't be Brockton Bay if things went right for even a week.

Three men were killed all in the same night, two of them in public and one of them in their home. All three of them were pimps working for the Merchants, all three of them had Lotus flowers left on their bodies.

A prostitute even saw one of them, after she'd been taken home by the third victim.

Apparently, from the report she gave to the police, the victim got a phone call mid-coitus and shortly after he went downstairs to answer it she heard him scream.

Going downstairs, she caught a masked figure repeatedly stabbing him with a steak knife. She attempted to escape but the door was locked, but the killer simply picked up the keys to the door, unlocked it for her and let her leave after placing another Lotus flower on his corpse.

By the time the police responded (which was close to an hour later), the man was nowhere to be seen.

The description we have is a tall male in all black clothing, including a hoodie and gloves, wearing a completely featureless white mask. If you live in the Docks or Trainyard and you see anybody dressed like that - DO NOT APPROACH THEM.

Leave the area and call the police.

I have a theory that the killer has a Stranger power as two of their murders were in done in the middle of the streets, with no apparent witnesses.

(Showing page 1 of 1)
►FlippinMad
Replied On Mar 6th 2011:
OMG.

The Lotus flower symbolises purity, and the killer is only attacking pimps!

I bet the Merchants hurt someone the killer cares about, and this is all for revenge.

►RedQueen
Replied On Mar 6th 2011:
Good riddance.

►TheOracleofBrockton (Unverified Cape)
Replied On Mar 6th 2011:
The fact that they let the woman leave suggests a certain fondness or a pity for sex workers.

That, plus their apparent hatred of pimps is rather telling of their motives.

Still, they sound dangerous. Well adjusted people don't run around in masks stabbing men.

I'll look into the killings myself, see what I can dig up.

►Vista (Wards ENE) (Verified Cape)
Replied On Mar 6th 2011:
I really, really hate this city sometimes.

End of Page. 1
■

Staring at the screen as she sat on her bed, she realised this was going to be a lot harder than she thought.

Two gang wars and a serial killer? Not ideal for a hopeful hero wanting to start out, but she was set on this path now.

As dangerous as it seemed, she could do the most good in the Docks, not just because of her personal attachment to it since her dad worked there, but because even she knew better than to get involved in a war between the two strongest gangs in the city.

And the Merchants seemed to do the most damage, so that was where she would start.


Bonus Scene - Amy's Dream -


Staring at Vicky in shock, she couldn't stop the mixture of guilt and lust she felt as she watched her sister bounce on Midas's cock, her breasts bouncing wildly as she moaned reluctantly.

"I-it's okay, Amy… I can take this, I'll be fine." Vicky moaned, Midas gripping her waist as he guided her, smirking at Amy with his typical smugness as Amy glared back, her arms bound to the headboard of the bed, dressed only in her panties.

Midas was sat in a chair at the edge of the bed, Vicky riding him, wearing nothing but a tinkertech collar around her neck.

The same as the collar she had on, suppressing her powers and leaving her defenceless. Midas had won, and despite her best efforts Vicky had fallen into his grasp and there was nothing she could do to help her anymore.

Pulling Vicky out of his lap, Midas tossed her onto the bed, on top of her as their breasts pressed together, their faces inches from each other as Midas climbed onto the bed himself, spreading Vicky's legs and pushing back into her.

"I-I'm sorry…" Amy said weakly, trying to ignore the way her sister's naked body was pressed against her, making Vicky give her a weak smile.

"It's… Mhmm, It's okay, I can take it. Let him have his… oh fuck, his fun, we'll be okay." Vicky said, her words interspersed with moans and whimpers as Midas fucked her, her breathing becoming heavy and her face flushed.

This was her fault, she'd fucked up and now Vicky was being used like a sex toy by Midas.

As Vicky let out a quiet whine, she knew her sister had just climaxed around Midas's cock, and as Midas pulled back, he reached down and pulled her panties to the side, the bulbous head of his cock pressing against her slit.

"Y-you said you'd leave Amy alone…" Vicky said weakly, making Midas chuckle.

"Amy, be a dear and shut your sister up for me would you?" Midas asked as he started to sink into her, like this was the first time Midas had fucked her, she was entirely too used to taking his dick at this point.

Kissing Vicky, she hated the way her heart sped up, the soaking wetness that was making it so easy for Midas to fuck her. Vicky was hesitant, returning the kiss to not anger the man holding them hostage, but Amy held none of that hesitation as she explored her sister's mouth, her hands moving to Vicky's ass.

She had lost, all she could do was try and find some enjoyment in her defeat.

As the world blurred, she blinked the darkness away and looked around, on her knees with a chain attaching her to the golden throne, Vicky beside her as they watched their aunt Sarah reluctantly lower herself to her knees in front of the throne, as naked as they were.

Their cousin, Crystal was already on her knees as she glared up at Midas, cum on her face as Sarah started to pleasure him, the men of their family forced to watch from golden cages hanging from the ceiling.

Looking down, she shuddered at the sight of hers and Vicky's bloated bellies, but she knew it could be worse as she glanced over at her mother, Carol bent over and bound to a pillory as a masked man thrust into her, another using her mouth as she glared up at him, unresisting despite her anger as she kept her teeth away from the cock thrusting into her open mouth.

There was a line forming behind her, Midas's men waiting their turn with the former heroine.

New Wave had lost, Midas had won, and it was all her fault.

Shooting awake, Amy gasped as she looked around in shock and confusion, still feeling the cold metal collar around her neck and the warmth of Midas's cum on her face.

Shaking her head, she scowled at the feeling of the dampness between her legs. It wasn't the first time she'd dreamt of Vicky, but it didn't usually include chains and supervillains.

Checking her phone, she let out a sigh of relief as she saw no new messages from Midas, getting out of bed and mentally sighing to herself.

This entire situation sucked.

She brutally suppressed the mocking voice that pointed out that it was the only way she'd ever get to be with Vicky, hating how it sounded a little bit like Midas.

Author's Note: I'm probably going to start doing my other fics again now, I just wanted to get this one to five chapters to get the ball rolling so to speak.
"Sanity and happiness are an impossible combination."
― Mark Twain

​
My Discord, come here for porn and also sometimes fics: https://discord.gg/wd3tUYWVCd

My Patreon, I promise to spend any money given to me irresponsibly: https://www.patreon.com/TheDarkWolfShiro​
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Phil Waker2, recon1, Mickyboiya and 1,186 others
The Dark Wolf Shiro
May 27, 2021
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 06: Moving Day
View content
The Dark Wolf Shiro
The Dark Wolf Shiro
Everyone Hail to the Pumpkin King
JoinedApr 1, 2019
Messages9,336
Likes received960,957
Jun 2, 2021
Add bookmark
#616
Disclaimer: I own nothing but my own original characters and works, if you recognise it from somewhere else, surprise it isn't mine.
Discord Link: discord .gg/ wd3tUYWVCd
Pat reon Link: Pat reon .com/TheDarkWolfShiro
Betad by morde24

The Guild of Gamers: The Supervillain
Chapter 06: Moving Day

Even with all the schemes I have going on simultaneously, it doesn't change the fact that I have one big glaring problem.

Everyone and their blind, deaf grandmother knows where I am, it's not like I've been particularly subtle and that means it's time I find a new home before Skidmark kicks down my front door.

This is a problem easily solved, as the Docks and the Trainyard are mostly abandoned anyway, the industry of Brockton Bay has been dying a slow and painful death over the past decade and many companies that own these buildings and run-down warehouses have long since gone out of business.

Many of them are now owned by the city itself, but there are a few that remain in private hands, and ask yourself this.

If you are the failed CEO of a dead company, now poor and destitute with just a run down building to your name, and some stranger offers you a small fortune in unmarked bills to sign over the deed for your long abandoned building, do you A. Warn the authorities of the clearly suspicious person trying to buy land or B. Take the money and run for the hills.

If you answered A, I envy your faith in our fellow humans, but you're a naive fool, or perhaps just too optimistic. The former owner of my new building, for which a fancy deed now sits in my office drawer, didn't even question why I wanted a run-down building, he did try to barter for a higher price but…

Well, if he was good at business he'd not have gone bankrupt, and I was always known for my skill in the art of negotiations. He should have taken my first offer, it was considerably higher than the final agreed upon terms.

Don't try to negotiate with an expert if you lack the talent to do so, either hire someone to do it for you or just accept the price you were offered.

I am now the 'legal' owner of a fairly large two story building in the docks, on the edge between Merchant and PRT territory, along with quite a bit of the surrounding land.

A risky location, perhaps, but I plan for this base to be considerably more concealed than my old one and I've already started plotting everything out, my workers and my new technician minions have already subtly made their way over there and started the construction.

...which is spending the money I stole from the Merchants at a rather rapid rate, but needs must.

This base will remain, and I'll make sure to have enough minions coming and going to keep people's eyes on it, but my new base will become my main base of operations.

As for how I'll stop prowl from getting suspicious again?

Looking down at the permit in front of me, I chuckle to myself. It's nice to see that bureaucracy is the same in this world as it is everywhere else, my hackers made sure that my Jin persona held up to any passing attention and a little donation to the hard working men and women at the mayor's office made sure my permit request went through at record speed.

You have to spend money to make money, that's a simple truth of the world, and while it hurts to burn through my money as fast as I'm getting it, that doesn't change the fact that I'm investing in my future.

Plus, my hackers have started a rather successful scheme involving scam and phishing emails. Never underestimate how effective a flashy message can be at getting simple minded fools to click on it.

After all, a fool and their money are soon parted, just ask Skidmark.

But I can now legally open a bar, or a nightclub to be more specific because I need there to be a legitimate reason for people to be coming and going from my new building, and what better way than to make it a 'legitimate business'?

I did some more research, and the Penguin doesn't seem to exist here, or if he does he hasn't shown up yet, and that means I'm stealing his idea before he can do it.

This will be the first in a series of legal businesses spread through the city, making Jin Yukimura an influential and entirely legitimate member of society.

I've already started researching the first node of the military tree, and my minions are already hard at work building my new base, which I carefully designed to my exact specifications.

Once my military research is finished, I'll research the covert minions to help manage my new business.

As far as I can tell, there is never a reason to not have a class quest active, and with how badly I've pissed off the merchants, violence seems inevitable.

So I figured I might as well benefit from it, which is why I picked the Warlord class this time, because it seemed obvious that it'll have objectives I'll likely be doing anyway.

Warlord Class Quest
Objective 1: Have your minions defeat 20 enemies
Objective 2: Defeat 5 enemies personally
Objective 3: Burn a rival organisations building to the ground

Fighting my own battles doesn't suit me, but even a simple Brute power will increase my life expectancy and that's worth it.

I've noticed an increase in Merchants lurking around my base, but they aren't approaching yet, which is both smart and yet utterly... not.

They travel alone or in pairs, and that means it's been easy to have my minions jump and beat them, broken legs lowers the number of combatants Skidmark had available.

It has lost me two minions after the Merchants escalated, but I can replace my followers faster than Skidmark can, and after a dozen broken legs, Skidmark's men are less willing to get close. They aren't loyal to Skidmark, they're loyal to their vices and with the threat of pain awaiting them here they've lost their motivation.

My new base has a far larger barracks, allowing me to increase the number of minions I can recruit, and as soon as my research is finished I'm going to spend more of my money to rush a bunch of combat minions in case Skidmark gets impatient.

Reading over the message I found waiting for me in my inbox this morning again, I smile to myself.

TheQueenofGreen: You failed to leave me a way to get into contact with you, it's fortunate that you aren't exactly subtle. I accept your offer of a non-aggression pact, but I have no interest in an alliance with you and getting dragged into your war on the Merchants. I'll be watching, if you prove victorious I may reconsider.

She's failing to mention her own war against the Empire, they've got her surrounded but they can't actually approach her without either getting mastered (as a dozen thugs have learnt) or getting ripped apart by Hookwolf.

It's curious that she isn't asking for help against them, she's clearly confident despite being confined in her gardens. And with rumours of the ABB assassinating a few high ranking non-cape Empire lieutenants, and taking Empire territory, she might be right to be confident.

The Empire has a lot of capes, but it can only split its attention in so many ways and the ABB expansion is a far bigger threat, especially with Hookwolf unavailable.

They can't risk the manpower to take down Hookwolf and Poison Ivy. The moment they tried, Lung would make his own move and they'd be wiped out, or at the very least crippled enough that the PRT would jump to grab the rest up.

There's a very unstable power balance to this city, with the PRT, Empire and ABB all in similar positions, and if any one of them gains an advantage over the others it'll flip the entire board and send the pieces flying, which is why they are all content to just ignore me and the Merchants.

The Merchants holding the crappy parts of the city has worked for the PRT, because it prevents the Empire and the ABB from claiming it and gaining an advantage over the others, which means they were willing to ignore the immense crime rates in Merchant territory.

The Merchants are a necessary evil, needed to maintain the balance in Brockton Bay, it's the only reason such an incompetent group has managed to keep any kind of power.

I'm going to take that position, claim the Merchant territory for myself and make the three major factions ignore me as they have the Merchants. It'll be their fatal mistake, because I am considerably more ambitious than Skidmark, and a good bit more competent as well.

Once I take over, and start improving the Boat Graveyard and Trainyard, this territory will become more enticing and the other gangs will be less willing to leave me be, I'll need to be prepared before that happens.

I've already had Squealer moved, she didn't particularly like having a bag put over her head as she was tossed into the back of a van, but I needed to move her in the dead of night to make sure nobody followed them to my new home.

"Everything valuable has been transferred, as you ordered." Jaina reports, making me smile.

Jaina might not have the powers of the Rabbit but she is talented all the same, so she's fulfilling the role of my secretary at the moment.

"Excellent work Jaina. And the minions?" I ask, making her straighten up.

"All the hackers have relocated, and most of the workers have headed over to the new base either alone or in small groups. One of them spotted someone following them from a rooftop and led them across the city before coming back here, the rest report that they weren't followed. There's been no unusual activity around our new base, and the Merchants are still focused on this one. They aren't willing to get too close though, so they've been easy to work around." Jaina says, smiling slightly. "You think Skidmark will take the bait?" she asks, making me chuckle.

"He has too. He's lost most of his money, and drugs or not he does have to pay his men, it's only a matter of time before they realise he can't pay them and he sees mass desertions, and he needs to act before that happens. That, plus the fact that he hasn't managed to do anything about me even after I stole Squealer means his men are starting to doubt him, and he needs a win before he loses everything. He has to attack us, and he can't afford to keep delaying much longer." I explain, spinning my fountain pen between my fingers idly. "If he isn't willing to take the bait yet, my next move should force his hand." I chuckle, looking over a file I've compiled.

Minoru Mineta is a creature of habit, and he's very… distinct, almost half my size with a bright purple outfit, which makes keeping track of him through strategically placed minions all too easy.

The Grapist seems loyal to Skidmark, too loyal, and I can't allow Skidmark to keep a loyal follower, also I hate the very concept of 'the Grapist' and frankly I don't want him breathing the same air as me.

It'll be a cold day in hell before I let him into my organisation, which means the Grapist isn't long for this world. And somehow, I don't think anyone will miss him overly much.

Taking a sip of my coffee, I frown slightly at the cheap taste.

Unlocking technicians also unlocked a coffee machine, oddly enough, but the coffee it makes isn't very good. It's a nostalgic taste, reminding me of long nights in the office when I was just interning under my father.

Heh.

Now all I need is a vending machine of unhealthy snacks outside my office and a pile of cup noodles and I'll be set.

"Impressive, it's a lose lose situation for him. I… underestimated you, sir." Jaina admits, making me smile.

"Leadership is a journey, not a destination. I expect my followers to constantly challenge me to prove that I deserve to be the one in charge, and I intend to prove myself each and every time, until you have no more doubts that you serve me for a reason." I explain, making her smirk.

"You've certainly done that so far, I'll be moving over to the new base myself later, I want to oversee the construction and repairs of our new home, I have high standards." Jaina admits making me chuckle.

"As do I, it's why this place was never going to be my long term home. Do as you wish, if I need you I'll be sure to let you know." I say idly, watching as she gives me a small bow before turning and leaving.

Going back to my computer, I click through some of the Guild apps, I wanted to know what the purpose of Guild Credits actually was, as I have 50 of them, and the answer is rather interesting.

The Guild has a marketplace, where one can buy and sell goods in exchange for Guild credits, there's a user called The Merchant that seems to be responsible for the majority of the items on sale, and as my default name is The Supervillain I can guess why.

You can buy literally anything from here, weapons, buildings, vehicles, skills, people. I even recognise some of the people being sold by The Slaver, from Hinata Hyuuga to Aphrodite and many, many more.

Each comes with a list of the skills, training and disposition, there's even an offer called the Saberface collection that has dozens of people included.

It's all far outside my price range of course, but it's interesting all the same.

What gets my attention is a message from a user called The Craftsman.

Hey newbie, welcome to the Guild!
Just sending a message along to let you know I give every first time buyer a massive discount on their first order (of a certain quality or below, no you can't order a divine tier weapon and still use the discount) , it's just good business after all.
Also, since I'm sick of explaining it, yes I'm a girl, the system is just called the Craftsman system and you can't change your username.
Good luck in Worm, that place sucks and you got a shit start, but hey, we're Gamers so we can do anything right?
The Crafts(wo)man

Sending a message of gratitude, I admire my fellow gamers' business sense, making allies while they are weak to benefit from them later, well played indeed.

Attached is a coupon for a whopping 95% of an order of 1000 credits or less, another sign of good business sense as 950 credits might seem like a massive amount to a new starter but some of her items sell for millions.

She's losing basically nothing and building good relations with up and coming gamers, who could be true powerhouses in the future.

...did she really sell a set of divine Tanuki sized armour for fifty million credits? Why did a Tanuki have that many credits?

The review just says 'Bork' but it also left ten stars so I guess it was a good purchase?

This is a strange place.

Checking out her profile, I spend some time going over my options. It won't get me anything truly amazing, but I can certainly get some truly interesting things if I so desire.

Making my decision, I spend all my credits in one go as I order a bullet-proof version of my suit and a weapon that I think suits my theme as Midas, adding some customisations in because style is a very important part of your reputation.

I'm only mildly surprised when a pink portal opens in front of me and spits out a box, immediately closing again.

A pleasure doing business with you!

Changing to my new suit, I read over the paperwork that came with it, looking at the information the Craftsman provided. It should be bullet and stab proof to a certain degree, but I shouldn't rely on it against Capes. It's also self repairing, but it can take days to fully repair if it is too badly damaged.

My head is still mostly exposed, even if my mask gives me some slight protection, but that's something I'll just have to deal with for now.

My weapons of choice are elegant, sexy and put a smile on my face as I pull them out of the box. I chose two, one close range and one long range, and I'm fairly certain the Craftsman was very, very generous in her prices this time and that makes me wonder why.

My close range weapon is the weapon of a true gentleman, a cane sword. The black cane had an elegant golden handle at the top, which can be unsheathed to reveal an incredibly sharp blade, it's nothing special in truth, just a mundane blade aside from its self-repairing function, but it's about the style.

Midas can't use something bland, it'd go against my entire image.

The pistol is similar, a black and gold .45 handgun. It regenerates ammo over time, at roughly one bullet every 30 seconds apparently which tells me I have definitely gotten a bargain.

Compared to some of the things she was selling, it's nothing. She had blades that could kill gods and guns that could destroy galaxies. I'd be lucky to hurt half the capes in this city, but the additional features she gave me for free tells me she's either a bad businesswoman or she is up to something.

And she seems too successful to be a bad businesswoman.

I should be careful when dealing with her, it's the free things that often cost the most in the end, I've certainly used that tactic plenty in the past.

Hell, I used it on Glory Girl. I gave her some free information that had her walk into my web, I won't walk into someone else's.

Shaking my head, I placed my gun in my jacket, she thought ahead and added a holster for it on the inner side, and grabbed the cane.

Walking with a cane is… unusual, and I spend a good half an hour practicing my walk, attempting to style my gait after a thief I remember from a show I watched out of boredom once named Roman Torchwick. I can't look too awkward as Midas after all, Midas is a self proclaimed King, he wouldn't be awkward.

During that time, my Prophet phone vibrates making me chuckle as I head over to it, only Glory Girl has that number after all.

To my surprise, it isn't Glory Girl who has messaged me, but I suppose I'm not that surprised she told the rest of New Wave about a new Thinker offering his services.

Prophet
I got this number from my daughter, Glory Girl, and on behalf of New Wave I can say that we are interested in hiring your services, depending on your prices and accuracy.
Brandish

Brandish, huh? Everything I know about her tells me that she's a hard ass, plus she's a lawyer which means she'll be far harder to deceive. Pulling the wool over a teenage girl's eyes isn't particularly difficult, but this will be quite a lot harder.

I need to do my research first.


Carol Dallon -


Sitting in her office, she read over her latest case carefully. A divorce case like this usually wouldn't be worth her time, but the client was particularly influential and wealthy, and they wanted the hero lawyer to take their case.

Frankly, while being a hero was more satisfying than sitting in an office all day, being a lawyer paid far, far better and with a family of hero's they needed the money.

Being a hero was costly, not even taking the fact that few hero's had actual jobs into account, and they couldn't completely rely on donations.

This latest scandal had proven that, as New Wave was supposed to be family friendly, it made them more approachable and easy to like than the Protectorate heroes.

Vicky did more hero work than any other member of New Wave, she loved patrolling and did it as often as she could. Thison top of her looks, friendliness and the mini-Alexandria image she had going for her, made Glory Girl an extremely popular hero.

That image, along with the reputation of New Wave, had taken a beating thanks to whoever it was that was posting pictures of her daughter in various states of undress on the internet.

It was ridiculous, but public opinion was fickle and the only thing the masses liked more than a hero was to see one fall from the pedestal they'd been placed on.

That plus the fact that countless horny men had no doubt gotten off to the pictures of her daughter had left her in a very bad mood.

She needed to improve their image, which meant New Wave needed visibility, but that was a problem because donations were drying up (or in some cases came with requirements she wouldn't accept, no matter how much money was offered), which meant she was pulling overtime at the office to keep them funded.

Which was why she hadn't even put on her cape outfit in the past couple of days, she was too busy.

But then Vicky told her something very, very interesting. A new Thinker had moved into Brockton Bay, calling themselves Prophet.

A Thinker who had told Vicky of the location of a Merchant Cape, allowing Vicky to improve her image by taking one of those drug-addled fools off the streets.

She wouldn't need to spend all night patrolling, preventing her from working the next day, if she knew where she could find capes before she set out.

Masters and Strangers might be the capes who most people feared, but high-level Thinkers were definitely up there. How do you fight someone who knows everything you are going to do before you can do it?

It meant if there was an independent heroic-inclined Thinker in Brockton, she shouldn't let this opportunity slip away. The PRT would likely jump on the chance to grab them for themselves, and she didn't want New Wave to miss out because of it.

So she got his number from Vicky, who was surprisingly reluctant to give it to her, and sent a short message to test the waters.

If she could get villain locations from the Prophet, she could make the most of her time as Brandish, instead of wasting it dealing with petty crimes.

It was harsh but the public didn't really care how many muggers, burglars and rapists you stopped, it was all about the Cape scene. That was the best way to regain New Wave's reputation, that and finding whoever was posting Vicky's pictures and repeatedly punching them in the face.

...Vicky got her violent tendencies from someone, and it wasn't Mark.

To make her mood worse, Brockton Bay had a new Marquis wanna-be. Of course this arrogant fool wasn't content with calling themselves a Nobleman, no Midas decided to claim the title of King.

She had never seen a single cape that called themselves royalty that didn't turn out to be batshit crazy.

She recognised the act for what it was, the well-mannered polite attitude and fancy costume to disguise the cruelty underneath.

She hated it, and wanted nothing more than to crush this new villain before he could set his roots in deep, but she wasn't a fool.

Midas had been very careful not to show his powers yet, and it had the capes of the city on edge, not knowing what he could do meant that only the most reckless or arrogant cape would try their luck against him.

You didn't last long in the cape scene by attacking mystery capes, and even if he styled himself as a Thinker that didn't mean he couldn't hold his own in a fight.

Or if he couldn't protect himself, he would have certainly taken lengths to keep himself safe from hostile capes.

So she'd bide her time, for now.

As her phone vibrated, she put her paperwork down with a groan, hours of reading getting to her as she pulled her phone out.

Curious, Lady Photon tends to deal with most of the negotiations with other independent capes as far as I can tell. Actually, I don't think I've ever heard of you dealing with an independent yourself before, and I always do my research.

He wasn't wrong, Sarah was the face of New Wave and was just generally more of a people person, she herself was too harsh and had driven Independents away before.

But Sarah was also a full-time hero, so Lady Photon was always out there, being seen fighting the good fight, she didn't need the information as much as Brandish did.

I'm curious, can New Wave afford to hire an independent Thinker with your current financial situation? You've been pulling a lot of overtime at the office lately.

Fucking Thinkers.

You offered information to Glory Girl in exchange for favours and protection. Are you saying you aren't willing to do the same deal with me?

Possibly, but to speak bluntly? I've spent all day trying to figure out Midas, and I have an incredibly painful Thinker headache at the moment. If you were hoping for information immediately, I'm afraid you're going to have to wait.

Pausing, her eyebrows raised as she was over his message.

You're going after Midas?

Consider her interest peaked.

I'm preparing for when Midas goes after me, his own Thinker and Stranger powers make modelling him very, very difficult.

A Thinker and a Stranger, that was a rather unusual combination, and she could see the threat it posed. At least it didn't sound like he had any combat powers, unless he had hidden them so well that the Prophet couldn't discover them.

That's fine, it's good to see someone else recognises the threat Midas represents. Back on subject, are you interested in a trade of favours for the locations of villains?

Yes. Consider this you're freebie like Mush was Glory Girls, I'm 87% certain that Trainwreck is working for Midas, helping Midas's war against the Merchants. Helping Skidmark is distasteful, but we both know Midas is a far bigger threat, if he completes his conquest of the Merchant territory he'll be a much more dangerous opponent.

Understood, I look forward to working with you.

Trainwreck had been small enough that most heroes left him alone, despite his admittedly considerable combat potential, since he didn't really do anything other than a bunch of petty crimes around the Merchant territory.

If he was an agent for Midas, a forward agent preparing for his boss's arrival, that changed things. It explained why he kept such a low profile, why he stayed in Merchant territory, and why he was preparing it for when Midas showed up to take over.

Which meant Midas wasn't a new trigger, and had been planning this for a while.


Tattletale -


With three of Midas's minions following behind, in their civilian clothes, she headed towards the apartment with a determined look on her face.

Brian convinced Alec not to switch sides overnight, and he feared Coil's retaliation too much to risk betraying him, no matter what horror stories she told him.

He pitied her situation, but the simple truth about the Undersiders is that every one of them was in it for themselves, he liked her but he'd never choose to help her if it had a chance to put Aisha in danger.

Alec switched sides because he enjoyed annoying her, and found her irritation amusing. He did a lot of things that he knew would piss her off, knowing her power would tell her why he did it, just for the kick of seeing her react.

But she wasn't going to let a chance like this slip away, no matter what. Brian forced her hand, and she'd do whatever it took to make him see things her way.

Stopping outside the small store, she leaned against the wall and waited patiently, watching as the dark skinned teen slipped out, a mischievous grin on her face.

Has stolen three lighters, four chocolate bars and a coke.

Aisha didn't even bother looking around as she half-skipped down the street, drawing a fair bit of attention thanks to her particular style of dress, the tiny jean shorts barely covering anything and her thong was clearly visible, poking out of them, her white tube top not covering much more and doing very little to hide her lack of a bra.

Her age didn't matter to more than a few of the men staring after her, and the sway to her hips just encouraged them.

Acts out for attention, isn't a virgin, issues stem from parental issues, neglectful mother, abused by mother's boyfriend- boyfriends. Brian doesn't know the extent of the abuse, he thinks he saved her fast enough.

Heading across the street, she put a calm smile on her face as she followed Aisha, not even trying to hide it as Aisha immediately noticed.

Very observant, street smart, has learnt the hard way to keep an eye on who is following her.

"Lisa? What's up, did Brian send you to babysit me?" Aisha asked as Lisa grinned. Aisha would notice she was being followed, but it didn't matter when she trusted the person following her.

"Something like that, sorry to put a raincheck on your crime spree." Lisa teased, making Aisha shrug uncaringly.

"You gonna tell Brian? It's not like he can talk about committing crimes." Aisha replied.

Watching for a reaction, suspects Brian is a cape, suspects you are Tattletale. Isn't sure yet.

"Nope, I really don't care about some petty thefts. It's so small-time it doesn't matter." Lisa replied, watching her eyes narrow.

Doesn't like being called small time, wanted you to tell Brian so he'd visit more to keep an eye on her.

"Fine, what do you want?" Aisha muttered, pouting slightly.

"I'm just coming to pick you up, Brian's… well, his side job has made him some enemies and he's worried they'll go for you, so I'm here to take you to him." Lisa lied, Aisha perking up.

Aisha was predictable, despite how chaotic she tried to act. Something exciting was happening, and she was going to see Brian soon, that's all she took from that.

"Are those three guys on your side or are they a problem?" Aisha asked, nodding to the three minions she left on the other side of the street.

"They work for our employer, just in case I was too late." Lisa said easily.

"Heh, called it. I'm used to guys staring at me, but I'm not used to them not looking at my tits or ass. Those guys are so serious." Aisha said nonchalantly.

...what tits? She barely had b-cups.

"They're just my bodyguards, just pretend they aren't there." Lisa said with a smile.

"So, where are we going?" Aisha asked, sealing her fate.

"To our boss's hideout, it's safe there. Just follow me." Lisa said, heading back across the street as Aisha happily followed behind.

People didn't realise that most kidnappings were done by people the victim trusted, not realising the danger until it was too late. It was true for most crimes, from burglary to murder, it's always the ones close to the victim that you should suspect first.

Heading down the street, she headed towards the plain van she was pretty sure Midas had stolen, he did seem to like stealing vans for some reason.

"Ooh, I'm pretty sure Brian would say something about me getting into a plain white van with a bunch of strange men." Aisha laughed as she got into the back, one of the minions getting into the driver's seat as she sat in the back as well, keeping an eye on Aisha.

The ride back went easily enough, Aisha getting frustrated as her attempts to tear and flirt with Midas's minions fell on deaf ears, but as they got around half way to Midas's hideout, Aisha's phone vibrated making them both perk up.

As Aisha pulled it out, she idly unlocked it and started reading, her face paling slightly.

Brian noticed my absence, Brian was worried I'd abuse his main weakness to get my way, Brian warned Aisha not to trust me. Brian hopes he's wrong but won't risk it if he's right.

"Pass me the phone." Lisa warned, the two men sitting on either side of Aisha tensing up as Aisha's eyes widened.

As Aisha typed quickly, she reached forwards and snatched the phone from her hand, just a second too late as Aisha hit send, her message half finished.

With Lis

It wasn't much, but it was enough that Brian would understand.

The two minions both grabbed Aisha and held her in place, the much smaller girl unable to break free as her own phone rang.

Answering it, she didn't get a chance to speak before Brian's furious voice came through the phone.

"Lisa, I'm warning you once and only once. Let Aisha go." Brian growled, making her sigh. "You really want to break the unwritten rules like this?"

"Coil has me break them on a weekly basis, so yes, I do. I'm sorry Brian… but I can't lose this opportunity to see Coil gone. She won't be hurt." Lisa said calmly, already having played this entire conversation over in her head a dozen times.

"If I do what your new boss wants, right?! You said Coil recruited you by putting a gun to your head, but you don't seem to mind putting one to Aisha's." Brian snarled, making her shrug.

She was fairly sure Midas wouldn't hurt Aisha, but she was almost certain Coil would kill her eventually, it wasn't the same.

"We could have avoided this if you just trusted me, I could have gotten Midas to keep a protection detail on Aisha until Coil was gone… look, this isn't going to change anything for you, it'll just be another shadowy boss you're taking orders from." Lisa reasoned, making him scoff.

"Coil was helping me get custody, Midas is holding her hostage. And I'm supposed to think Coil is the bad one?" Brian scoffed, making her roll her eyes.

"If Coil actually planned on helping you, he could have done it by now. He was never going to help you, you're too useful for him to lose his leverage. He'd have never let you go, and you were naive to think he would." Lisa retorted.

"...you were the one who talked me into joining Coil." Brian said, disbelief in his tone.

"And you were naive for trusting the word of a Thinker working for a Supervillain. Like I said, gun to my head." Lisa deadpanned back.

"Traitor."

"Oh don't give me that, you'd leave me out to dry with maybe a second of hesitation if it got you custody of Aisha. Rachel barely cares for anything that has two legs, Alec would turn on us for fun if he wasn't so lazy and Hitoshi would turn us all into the PRT if he wasn't convinced that they'd never let a master like him become a hero. I'm doing what's best for me, the same as you all would." Lisa scoffed.

"If anything happens to Aisha, I will kill you." Brian swore, and in lieu of a response, she simply ended the call.

"Has anyone told you that you're a bitch?" Aisha asked caustically, making Lisa grin.

"A great many people, but feel free to call me what you want." Lisa said idly, chuckling when Aisha lashed out and kicked her shin.

She'd been hit by brute capes before, a barely teenaged girl's kick wasn't really a problem.

"Please don't struggle too much, my helpful assistants might take offence." Lisa deadpanned, the two minions on either side of the tiny girl glaring at her warning.

"Brian will bust me out." Aisha said petulantly.

"He might try, and Midas will kill him if he tries, after which you'd have no purpose anymore and you'd follow him. I suggest you mind your manners around King Midas, he wants Brian on his side to get the whole group, but he really doesn't care about most of our group, Brian is expendable and replaceable. If Brian, or you, become too much of a problem he'll simply get rid of you." Lisa warned, mostly talking out of her ass as Aisha paled.

She had no idea how Midas would react to Aisha being… Aisha, but it was better to try and stop it before it became a problem.

As they drove into the garage of Midas's new base, and down into the underground parking garage his minions had built overnight, she stood and nodded at the two minions holding Aisha, causing them to rise and carry Aisha out of the van.

"So, Midas decided to keep you after all?" A teasing voice said, making her look towards it, smirking at the sight of the White Rabbit sitting on one of the cars, her legs swinging playfully. "Aww, and here I thought me and Midas had something special, but he had to go and get a side chick already~ hope you're comfortable on your knees."

Wants a reaction, wants me to do something stupid so she can get Midas to punish me, hopes to take part in the punishment, bought bdsm gear to help with punishing me, thinks I'd look lovely gagged. Tried to convince Midas to build a sex dungeon, put the idea in his head.

"And you even brought Midas a tight little plaything as well." Rabbit giggled, flipping off the car and prancing towards them, Aisha freezing slightly as she was held between the two minions. "She's cute, a bit trashy but that's not really a problem~"

Has literally no inhibitions, is extremely horny, Midas was too busy working for more than a quickie, knows Aisha is a hostage, will taunt Brian with implications that Aisha is being raped in captivity, will sexually abuse Aisha herself if given the chance

"Trashy? Fuck you, that's rich coming from a knock-off playboy bunny." Aisha bit back, making Rabbit's lips curl into a happy smile.

"Aww~ she's got a bit of fire to her, that's adorable." Rabbit giggled, leaning forwards and getting in Aisha's face. "We'll see how long that lasts."

"If you don't mind, I need to get her to the holding cells. Midas's orders." Lisa said bluntly, making Rabbit scowl.

Respects Midas for making Jaina summon her more, doesn't want to lose that freedom, won't actively interfere with Midas's orders.

"The boss isn't in right now, he's overseeing the final touches at the old base." Rabbit said, backing away with a small pout.

"I know, but I still have my orders." Lisa deadpanned as she walked past her, Rabbit was going to be a problem because she'd be the little devil whispering into Midas's ear.

But her power and personality meant she wasn't ever going to become a high-ranking member of Midas's operation, and if Lisa positioned herself right she could easily take the spot of Midas's right hand.

Hell, she'd be happy to be the right hand of a very successful supervillain as long as it meant she profited as well, it was a definite improvement over her current situation.

Leading Aisha through the lair, she headed down towards the prisons and watched as one of the minions unlocked one of the free cells, Squealer looking up out of curiosity as Aisha was physically tossed into the cell, unable to react before it was locked again.

"Great, I get a cell right next to some dumb Bimbo, guess I'll get a good show when Midas comes down to fuck his pet sex doll." Aisha scoffed, Squealer rising up in anger.

"The fuck did you just say? Big words coming from someone dressed sluttier than half the Merchant whores." Sherrel retorted as Lisa backed away. "What street corner did they pick you up from? Isn't your pimp going to miss you?"

She didn't want to get involved in that mess.

"Heh, you think I don't recognise you Squealer? Half the internet has seen those tits, tell me, do you live up to the name when Midas bends you over? I hope he didn't catch anything from your diseased cunt," Aisha mocked back, her face almost pressed against the strong glass of her cell wall, Squealer glaring right back.

"I don't have any fucking diseases, you little tart. I'd be more worried about you, you basically scream 'hey look at me, I've got daddy issues', I was probably wrong, I doubt you even charge any older men as long as they let you call them daddy." Sherrel taunted back, Aisha visibly flinching as she did.

Yeah, she was getting out of here.


Jin -


Strolling around the streets in my new suit, I spin my cane around in my hand idly. It won't unsheath without me pressing a tiny hidden button on the handle so I'd not need to worry as I head towards my destination, five guard minions following behind me, each of them well over six foot and built like a tank as they clutch their metal batons.

I've made my decision, and unwritten rules or not, tonight is the last night Grapist gets to draw breath, my vision of this city has no room for someone like him.

I've thought long and hard over the pros and cons of killing Grapist in my Lotus Killer guise, but from what I can tell Grapist is well and truly hated and his death won't bring too much punishment down on me, and many heroines and female villains despise him.

He's gotten away with a ridiculous amount of shit purely because he's surprisingly slippery, his balls are almost impossible to escape and he plays dirty.

In one Merchant raid, he had his men hold dozens of civilians hostage, threatening to have them open fire into a crowd with automatic weapons to force Battery to stand down.

Instead of fleeing, he used the opportunity to molest the Protectorate hero over her uniform, and was attempting to force her to orally pleasure him before Assault arrived and nearly killed the midget.

He only escaped because Squealer and Skidmark literally drove a tank into a crowd of civilians as a distraction.

He hasn't learnt his lesson, and there are countless stories of him doing similar shit, both to civilians and capes.

There's rumours that he successfully raped Othala after she and Victor were captured in his balls, but while a few Merchants have bragged about it online the Empire have denied it, though whether that's them trying to save face over two of their capes losing to the fucking Grapist is another question entirely.

I have managed to find out that Grapist basically disappeared from existence and wasn't seen for months after a failed attack on the Merchants by the Empire, which lines up with the timeline if Skidmark had to hide him from a wrathful Empire.

There's also the rumours that he tried something similar with the ABB's 'Red Kitsune', a cape who can take the form and powers of another by drinking their blood, but he was found on the edge of Merchant territory naked except for his mask and covered in his own blood from countless cuts, showing signs of torture, he's never gone into ABB territory since.

You can learn a lot from boasting idiots on the internet, and I've spent a lot of time building files on every Merchant cape, including their powers, their previous encounters (win or lose), rumours surrounding them and anything else I can get my hands on, including a timeline of what they did and when.

I'll do the rest of the city's capes when I have more time.

But for now, it's time to make this city a little more pg.

Through gratuitous violence.


Taylor -


"If you hear so much as a buzz, blast the bitches head off." he howled to his men, making her flinch.

She'd fucked up, it was one of her first nights out, why the hell did she think she could take on another cape?!

She hadn't even finished her full hero uniform yet, she just wanted to scout out the docks and make sure neither the Merchants or Midas were getting too close to the Dockworkers Association.

Struggling, she couldn't free her arms from the purple balls sticking them to the wall, and with three guns aimed at her, pissed off Merchants willing to end her career before she could even begin, she couldn't call her swarm down on them.

If they saw so much as a fly, they'd shoot first and ask questions never.

She hadn't planned on getting into a cape fight immediately, but she couldn't just ignore it when she heard someone being assaulted.

She'd mistaken if for a mugging until she actually arrived and spotted a dozen thugs surrounding a pair of girls, it wasn't money they wanted and she couldn't call herself a hero if she ignored a gang rape.

She'd taken most of them down easily, but she had been so focused on the girls that she hadn't noticed one of thugs immediately flee, and while she tried to comfort the traumatised women, while looking like a villain herself thanks to her stupid outfit, she hadn't been paying attention.

That changed when a dozen purple balls came flying at her, the girls ran but her attacker didn't care about them anymore, they cared about the wannabe hero who just took down a dozen of their men.

"You think you can fuck with the Merchants, huh bitch?" The short purple haired man ranted, moving closer to her as she struggled against the wall, her back and arms stuck to it. "You don't fuck with the Merchants, the Merchants fuck you." he growled, reaching forwards and grabbed at her belt, her eyes widening as he undid it.

Her final uniform she had planned would have been far harder to remove, but the black jeans she had on provided exactly zero resistance as the cape tugged them down.

Realising the seriousness of her situation, she went to kick at him but one of his men grabbed her leg long enough for him to create a small purple orb in his hand and attach it to the wall, a smirk on his face as the thug stuck her leg to it.

"Look, bitch, I've never even heard of you, which means you're new, and that means nobodies gonna miss you if you turn up naked and dead in an alleyway. They won't even know you were a cape, just another nobody. You wanna get out of this alive, stay still and take your punishment for fucking with Merchant business." The cape taunted, pulling out a knife and calmly cutting the sides of her panties as another thug put a gun against her head, smirking and jeering at her.

She was tempted to call down her bugs, but she'd be dead before they could do anything, she almost did it anyway as her panties were pulled away, her naked privates exposed to the cold night air.

The cape reached up again, his hand moving under her shirt and up to her small chest as she shuddered in disgust, chubby fingers slipping under her bra and squeezing her flesh, tweaking her nipples.

Reaching up with his free hand, he grabbed her bandana that she was using and ripped it off her, making her pale as they all looked at her exposed face, one of them taking a picture of her as they laughed and mocked her.

Moving back, the small cape reached down and undid his own uniform, pulling out a surprisingly large cock as she felt tears start to fall down her cheeks.

This… this wasn't what being a hero was supposed to be like.

As he moved forwards, she barely held in her vomit as she felt him press the bulbous head of his manhood against her virgin slit, she'd never even kissed a boy before…

The sound of a gunshot made her flinch, expecting death to come for her…

Turning her head to the side, she realised it wasn't her death was here for as she watched the merchant holding a gun to her head fall to the floor dead, the cape jumping in shock as he went to turn around, a second gunshot sounding out and she screamed as blood and gray matter splattered against her top and face, the cape's body falling against her as five large angry looking men charged at the Merchants, swinging metal batons wildly.

Her eyes widened as she spotted her 'saviour', strolling through the chaos without a care as he calmly placed a golden gun back into his jacket, watching his men easily overwhelm the remaining Merchants.

"And just who exactly, are you? I came here looking for my prey, and I certainly found him." Midas drawled, kicking the cape corpse lightly. "You're no civilian, are you?" Midas deadpanned, looking over her outfit and the bandana on the floor.

"W-Weaver, I'm Weaver." Taylor stuttered, making him raise an eyebrow.

"Hero or Villain?" Midas asked as she felt her heart freeze over, Midas might have stopped her rape... but he was still a villain.

"H-hero." Taylor admitted, head held high despite her exposed face and the way her lower body was on display.

"So you are, do you know that unmasking a cape is against the Unwritten rules? Grapist apparently didn't." Midas said idly.

"I-it doesn't matter now… the Merchants saw my face, they took pictures…" Taylor said weakly, making him chuckle as he reached down and picked up her bandana, placing it back over her face.

"That they did." Midas said calmly, before he turned around and pulled out his gun, aiming at the beaten Merchants and immediately firing as he executed the three still conscious. "Kill the rest." he said idly, his minions pulling out short blades and going to work as her eyes widened in horror, watching him pick up the phone on the floor.

Moving towards her, he gently grabbed her bare leg and started to pull, using a knife to cut at the purple ball until her leg was free, and immediately reaching down and pulling her jeans back up.

Freeing her arms and back, he passed her the phone and gave her a smile.

"I've deleted the picture, and my minions didn't see your face, did you?" Midas asked with a dangerous tone.

"No, boss."
"I was stargazing, boss."
"I'm legally blind."

"Your identity is safe, you have my word. Not all villains are so… degenerate. Some are simply villains by necessity." Midas chuckled. "After all, the Heroes have utterly failed to clean up the city, so it's time for evil to fight evil." Midas said as she checked the phone, sighing in relief as she saw he was telling the truth.

Throwing the phone down, she stomped on it repeatedly with a yell until it broke beneath her boot.

"So then, Weaver, what happens now? Shall we play cops and robbers?" Midas asked as she shook her head.

"I-if I catch you commiting crimes, I'll stop you… but tonight I just want to go home and shower." Taylor said, still shaking. "I… thank you." Taylor said, looking up at the smiling Villain.

"Trust me, killing the Grapist was my pleasure. Run on home, Weaver, and maybe be a little more careful in the future." Midas advised with a smile.

Nodding, she pulled herself together and set off into the night, wanting nothing more than her bed.


Jin -


Taking a look around the chaos, I nod in approval.

One less Cape, a dozen less thugs, the Merchants will feel the sting of tonight's operation.

Oh right, one last thing.

Brandish
Midas and Grapist clashing in the Docks, sending you the location.
Prophet

And with that, it's time for me to not be here anymore.

As we head back to my base, I get a notification from some of my other minions I sent on a separate mission, and I can already smell the smoke telling me that their mission succeeded.

Tattletale was right about their drug lab locations, so I decided to take them from six to five and give the drug tinker less places to hide.

Plus, my mission did mention burning one of their buildings.

Warlord Class Quest completed
Warlord Power Unlocked
[Witness me, Shiny and Gold]
This Brute power allows the user to turn their skin into a tough golden alloy, greatly increasing its durability.

Warlord Power Unlocked
[The Touch of Midas]
This Striker power allows the user to turn anything they are touching to solid gold, however it is Manton limited and cannot currently affect living matter.

Warlord Perk Unlocked
[The Warlord's Banner]
Your name and image inspires fear in the hearts of your enemies and inspires your allies to go the extra mile to prove their loyalty to you. While your minions and henchmen are in the presence of something that represents you, they gain a small buff to all stats, and enemies gain a small debuff.

Well, Skidmark? I'm waiting.

Author's Note: I lied about the last chapter being the last of the Supervillain ones, I got the urge to keep writing and followed it.
"Sanity and happiness are an impossible combination."
― Mark Twain

​
My Discord, come here for porn and also sometimes fics: https://discord.gg/wd3tUYWVCd

My Patreon, I promise to spend any money given to me irresponsibly: https://www.patreon.com/TheDarkWolfShiro​
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:KrecherMB, recon1, Mickyboiya and 1,301 others
The Dark Wolf Shiro
Jun 2, 2021
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 07: The Calm
View content
The Dark Wolf Shiro
The Dark Wolf Shiro
Everyone Hail to the Pumpkin King
JoinedApr 1, 2019
Messages9,336
Likes received960,957
Jun 8, 2021
Add bookmark
#819
Disclaimer: I own nothing but my own original characters and works, if you recognise it from somewhere else, surprise it isn't mine.
Discord Link: discord .gg/ wd3tUYWVCd
Pat reon Link: Pat reon .com/TheDarkWolfShiro
Betad by morde24

The Guild of Gamers: The Supervillain
Chapter 07: The Calm

Emily Piggot -


"I take it you already have an idea as to what I called this meeting about?" Emily asked bluntly, watching Assault practically vibrate in happiness in his seat as she looked around the room at the gathered heroes.

"The first fatality of the war between Midas and the Merchants, I assume?" Armsmaster said equally bluntly.

"Correct, the Grapist, now identified as Minoru Mineta, was beaten and executed by Midas himself last night, killed by a gunshot to the back of the head." Emily explained, watching the rest of the room's reactions.

Armsmaster frowned slightly, Battery's expression and body language remained completely cold, Assault practically vibrated in joy, Miss Militia remained professional, except for the slightest hint of a smile that crossed her lips, and then there was Dauntless who just looked confused.

Triumph and Velocity were on patrol, watching the borders between PRT and ABB/Empire territory.

"So, are we going after him?" Dauntless asked, making Assault turn to him.

"You mean to give him a medal? To offer him a job?" Assault asked, making Dauntless turn to him.

"I mean to deal with the villain who is blatantly breaking the unwritten rules." Dauntless countered, making Assault scowl. "Look, I know you're happy about this after what happened to-" he started, pausing as he glanced towards Battery hesitantly.

"To me." Battery deadpanned, her tone icy cold. "After what Grapist did to me."

"I- sorry, but that doesn't change the fact that we have a villain who is willing to kill with no hesitation. The fact that two drug labs were burned down at the same time means this is premeditated." Dauntless explained

"You all know the only reason I've been kept away from patrols near Merchant territory is because you know I'd have killed him myself if I had the chance." Assault said bluntly, no remorse in his tone. "Grapist was a fucking abomination, and I'll buy Midas a beer if I get the chance."

"In this case, Midas is likely going to walk away from a multiple homicide smelling of roses." Emily said, butting in and making them turn to her. "Midas has been as talkative as ever, and he both admitted to being the one to shoot Grapist and explained his reasoning on PHO. Apparently his plan was to grab Grapist and hold him prisoner until after the war with the Merchants, before simply turning him over to us, but after tracking him down he discovered the little bastard had captured a new female hero, named Weaver, and had already unmasked her. Deciding to protect her identity, he chose to execute both Grapist and the Merchants that were with him." Emily said, scowling slightly.

"So he's claiming that he was upholding the Unwritten Rules, not breaking them." Miss Militia said, making her nod. "If he's telling the truth, nobody would blame him for killing Grapist. The fact that he did it to protect a new hero would only make him look even better."

"An unverified cape account named Weaver supported his story, apparently she didn't want him to suffer for protecting her identity, and we have the testimony of two girls who had been saved during a gang rape by a horde of bugs, afterwards a masked figure calling herself Weaver approached and tried to reassure them they were safe, before she was attacked by Grapist." Emily continued. "Miss Militia, I want you to track down Weaver, assuming she doesn't hang up her mask after last night, get her version of the story and try and bring her in. From the description the girls gave she is probably around the age of the Wards." Emily ordered, making her favourite hero nod (not that she'd admit to liking any of them).

"Do we know if she was… how bad her time with Grapist was?" Miss Militia asked, making her shake her head.

"Midas claims she was stripped of her mask and part of her costume but he arrived before Grapist could do anything, and Weaver only posted a single message before her account went silent. That said, Grapist apparently had his trousers down when Brandish arrived so unless someone pulled them down afterwards..." Emily trailed off, making Miss Militia nod.

"He could be lying to protect her reputation. No heroine wants their first known act to consist of being sexually assaulted." Miss Militia agreed.

"Approach with the idea that he's telling the truth, but keep in mind that she may have been raped." Emily ordered.

"If you find her and she needs someone to talk to, give her my number." Battery offered. "It might help to have someone to talk to who has gone through something similar." she continued.

"Will do, any ideas where I should start looking?" Miss Militia asked.

"None, her only confirmed sighting was in the Docks but it wouldn't be surprising if she avoids them from now on. Do your usual patrols, but I want everyone to watch out for any sign of her." Emily said calmly.

"Could be worth checking out the PHO account, it's very newly made. I think she made a new account just to defend Midas." Assault said, his phone in his hand.

"So, next question… how did Brandish manage to find the body? She's been out one day in the last two weeks, yesterday she went out twice and both times she found either a Cape or a Capes corpse." Dauntless asked.

"She claims to have made a deal with an Independent Heroic Thinker, despite the issues precogs have had lately." Emily said, frowning to herself.

The one working precog in America and New Wave got them first?

"I actually discussed this with Dragon after Brandish's report." Armsmaster said, cutting in. "Something is interfering with Thinkers, true, but Thinkers whose powers work on a smaller scale aren't having issues at all, so while precogs are having issues due to the fact that any precognition would try to predict the blank spot, if this new Thinker works by modelling a single person or area, they wouldn't be affected. Dragon had a few more theories on why some Thinkers wouldn't be affected but that is the main one." Armsmaster said, a slight amount of passion in his voice.

Ahh yes, the almost universal failure of precogs. She was almost enjoying watching those smug capes suffer as their vaunted power utterly failed.

If it didn't also mean the PRT Thinktank was spewing garbage lately, she'd actually be enjoying it.

"I doubt we'll be able to track down a precog who doesn't want to be found, but if any of you meet him or are contacted by him, I expect you to do your best to bring him in." Emily ordered. "For now, get out there and make sure the ABB and the Empire don't burn the city to the ground."

God she hated this city.


Skidmark -


He built a fucking empire, out of junkies, whores and hobos.

He turned the bottom of the barrel scum into a gang that could stand against the likes of the ABB and the Empire, that the PRT were too afraid to come and challenge.

And it took a fucking week for some shiny cunt to ruin it all.

His men only cared about four things, money, drugs, women and feeling powerful.

This wasn't like the Empire where a bunch of deluded skinhead wankstains would throw their lives away for some 'greater good', and he wasn't like Lung who could keep his men in line through fear and overwhelming power.

His men followed him because he could give them those four things that they craved, and Midas had ruined that.

His money was gone, stolen by that fucking rabbit slut for her new owner, and the men he had guarding it had blabbed so the rest of the gang knew he couldn't pay them unless he got his money back. It's not like he had a bank account, he didn't trust that numbers man fucker.

Midas had burned down two of his drug labs, he still had four but he knew that Squealer had squealed like the stuck fucking pig she was, probably told Midas where to find his money as well.

He couldn't relocate his other labs, not with Midas lurking in the wings and his fucking Tinker missing and her cars falling apart. His boys weren't the smartest, hell most of them probably didn't have driving licenses and without Squealer around to repair her shit they were breaking fast.

When he got her back she was being chained up in the garage, under constant watch by a dozen of his toughest men. The bitch would learn why she should have stuck to just squealing in bed instead of squealing his secrets.

Without Squealer, he couldn't transport his goods either, so while he could keep dealing at street level, he couldn't get most of his goods out of the city and to his contacts, plus his dealers kept getting jumped and beaten half to death.

So he had drugs to supply to his men, but he just couldn't sell them to make more money.

Women he could still provide, even if the Merchants' favourite set of holes was probably riding on Midas's shiny golden cock, he just had his men break into a few homes and grab some replacements, he made sure to keep track of where the hot bitches lived in case they needed more whores anyway, having a dozen fresh girls in the hideout kept his men happy and occupied.

But feeling powerful?

Mush was in prison, Trainwreck just got grabbed by that Brandish whore, Grapist…

Grapist was fucking dead, the little shit might have been annoying but he was useful and now he was gone, after Midas put a fucking bullet through his skull.

Dozens of his men were fucking cripples, their legs and arms broken so badly they'd probably never walk again, and the rest were too afraid to leave the hideout with those jumpsuit wearing cunts prowling the streets.

These were their streets, and they were too afraid to walk them.

The sober part of him found it ironic, they'd spent so many years making the streets unsafe for everyone else and now they were too afraid to walk them.

The drunk part of him was too fucking furious to give a flying fuck about irony.

He wasn't a dumbass, Midas wouldn't be so open about where he was hiding if he didn't want them to attack him, but he was out of options.

If he kept being defensive, he'd lose the gang before Midas even bothered to attack them, and even if attacking that run-down warehouse was probably a fucking suicide mission…

Well, as long as there were junkies he could replace his men, and there would always be junkies.

Tonight, he was taking fucking everyone he could get his hands on, grabbing the tinkertech weapons that he had hidden away for a rainy day, and sending his men into that death trap like the lemmings they were.

He'd drug them all up to the gills if he had to, make them too high to notice the danger.

As long as he could kill Midas and grab Squealer back, he could recover from this.

"Skids, the men are getting ready, but… you sure about this?" Whirlygig asked as she entered his room, making him scoff.

"Course I fucking ain't, but that fancy fucker ain't left me much choice has he?" Skidmark scoffed back, making her pause. "Don't you worry your pretty little ass, you're the last cape I've got that can fight for shit, I ain't risking you."

"Got it, Boss… you got a plan then?" Whirly asked, making him scoff.

"Yeah I got a fucking plan, you don't need to know it." Skidmark replied, grabbing his bottle before he groaned and threw it aside.

He couldn't be drunk or high when the time came, it fucking sucked but he'd have to go in clean.

"I'll go make sure everyone is ready, caught a few fuckers trying to ditch before the attack. Had them strung up like you said." Whirly said as she turned, making him stand up and walk towards her before she could leave. "Something up, Boss?"

"Yeah, my cock. I can't get pissed, I can't get high, but I can at least get my dick wet, cape pussy is the best and Squealer ain't here." Skidmark said as she paused, a flicker of anger crossing her face as he pulled her towards him.

Bending her over his desk, he yanked her baggy jeans and thong down as he undid his belt, immediately lining himself up and slamming home, letting out a groan.

He needed Squealer back, her ass was the best in the gang, but Whirly had a nice thicc black ass and it was a good enough replacement for now.

Midas was gonna regret ever fucking with what was his.


Jin -


With the guard research complete, I unlocked a new room type as well, the Gym.

Because combat minions are easy to please apparently, and when they aren't on assignment they are here, pumping iron and eating protein bars from the vending machine that unlocked with the Gym.

Vending machines actually produce a small amount of income based on how many minions you have, it's not much but I'll take it.

Some people might think that all my financial problems were solved the moment I got the power to turn anything to gold, but those people don't understand basic economics.

If I just sold mountains of gold, I'd quickly ruin the gold market and make it worthless, which would defeat the point of having it in the first place.

I've already bought some cheap iron ingots and turned them to gold, but most of it will just sit in my vault waiting for a rainy day. I've had a minion sell a couple at a pawn shop, outside Brockton of course, because if gold bars start showing up after a cape named after a king who turned things to gold appeared…

Well, I can't expect the heroes to be that incompetent.

For now it's a decent source of income, and a good nest egg. Plus… having a pile of gold bars in my lair does feel pretty good.

I have a few on a shelf in my office, I like how shiny they are.

"Err, boss… you sure about this?" one of my guards asks, looking at the other four I chose in confusion. "Gotta say, I don't get it."

"Quite sure, and you don't need to. Leave the thinking to me, now let's begin." I say, standing in the middle of the boxing ring, letting them beat each other up is a good way to keep my combat minions entertained.

Undoing my jacket buttons, I toss it over to Jaina and start unbuttoning my shirt, standing in the middle of the ring in just my trousers as the five guards look at each other in confusion before one of them shrugs and charges me, swinging his baton at my exposed side.

As the sound of metal striking metal rings through the room, he stares at my now golden skin in shock and confusion as he pulls his baton back.

I felt that, barely. It wasn't painful, but I definitely felt the impact.

It takes about half a second for my skin to turn to gold, and I can decide where the transformation starts. In this case the skin around my left side changes first and it takes around two more seconds for it to spread to the rest of my torso, within five seconds I'm entirely gold.

I can control it, if I want to turn a specific part of my body to gold and leave the rest as simple flesh, I can do so, but in this case I simply allow the complete transformation to take place, reaching up and prodding my hair in amusement.

Hair isn't supposed to be that solid, but I can move it ever so slightly. Which makes sense, since I can still move and blink.

"Now then, I want you five to do your best to take me down." I order, my voice gaining a strange reverb to it as the watching minions whisper, Jaina and Rabbit staring at me in shock.

It makes sense, they thought I was just a Thinker after all.

"Err… got it boss." One of them says, rushing forwards and bringing his baton down on my head, watching as it bounces off my shining head with no apparent effect.

The others join in quickly, intelligently surrounding me and attempting to overwhelm me as they all beat on my still form.

I can be moved, that's an important thing to note. Their attacks aren't painful, they are barely even noticeable, but I can feel myself being knocked back ever so slightly with each hit.

If I was fighting someone with superhuman strength, they could probably just throw me around with relative ease.

"Interesting, prepare yourselves." I say calmly, reaching out and grabbing one of the batons as it swings for my face, stopping it in place as the minions eyes widen in panic, moments before my golden fist collided with his face sending him flying back.

...I'm researching the basic medbay, so they'll be fine.

"Oh fuck." One of the mutters as I turn to him, a backhand catching him in the jaw.

"How the fuck do you fight a statue?" Another asks.

"By hitting it harder!" a particularly optimistic guard shouts as he charges, smashing his baton into the back of my head. "...or not?" he adds a moment later as I turn to him.

I'm stronger like this, and my hits hurt a lot more but I'm slower as well. I know my body, I boxed long enough to have an idea of how fast I can punch and my current punches feel sluggish in comparison.

"Hmm, that will do for now. You may leave the ring." I say, watching him sigh in relief as he realises he's not about to get a beating. "Rabbit, you're up." I add, watching her perk up as her long white ears twitch as she moves forwards, jumping up onto the ring ropes before she bounces off them, doing a front flip over me and landing with a flourish.

"Aww~ if you wanted some physical one on one time, you should have just asked." White Rabbit teases as she bounces on the spot, grinning happily.

My minions are pretty happy as well, watching her sexy little ass bounce in that tiny pink thong. They can look all they want, it's touching that I'd have a problem with.

"You know me, I can't keep my hands off you." I retort easily, throwing out a couple of experimental jabs.

"Just this once, I think it's gonna be best if you do… I just have enhanced speed, agility and stamina you know? I take damage the same as any other girl." Rabbit replies as she bounces on the spot, still grinning wildly.

"Then don't get hit. Now, try to take me down." I order, the words barely leaving my mouth as she immediately charges at me.

Swinging at her, she easily ducks under my right hook and responds with a swift jab to my head, backing away and shaking her hand in exaggerated pain.

"Well, this is going to be interesting." Rabbit quips, making me chuckle as I move forwards and try to jab her, it doesn't come as a surprise when she easily sidesteps it, rolling under my second attempt to hit her before she simply sweeps her leg and kicks one of my feet from under me, grinning as she jumps towards the rope, bouncing off it and landing a flying kick on my back.

With one leg half in the air, her kick sends me tumbling to the ground, landing face first with a loud thunk. This is what I expected, I'm big, heavy and slow. Against a smaller, more agile foe, they'll just be able to dance around me and wait for the ideal time to strike.

Wasting no time, Rabbit pounces and lands on my back as I start to rise, wrapping one of her long legs around my throat in an attempt to choke me with her admittedly powerful thighs.

I think some men wouldn't mind dying like this.

It makes sense that her legs are more powerful than her arms with how much she runs, but I quickly discover something else as I start to rise.

Stopping my breathing, I pause as I realise that I don't need to breathe. My insides are as metal as the rest of me, and living metal doesn't require oxygen.

Her plan could have worked, if it wasn't for that slight fact, because she is squeezing tight enough to constrict my airway, but as I reach up and grab her she yelps as I pull her off me and slam her into the ring floor.

I'm going to ignore the fact that my minions booed, cheeky bastards are rooting for their boss to lose.

Acting quickly, I try to grab her in a rather amateurish grapple, utterly unsurprised when she easily slips out of my grasp, her whole thing is being hard to catch and she's as slippery as an eel who swam through a tub of lubricant.

The fight is at an impasse, that much is clear.

She can't hurt me, no matter how hard she tries, and I simply can't catch her. I also know I'll probably tire first, she has superhuman stamina after all, while I probably still have my very human stamina.

"That's enough, I've seen all I needed to." I say, making her pout for a moment before she grins again. "So, now that you're shiny and hard… can you still get hard?" she asks, undoing with the strings of her corset and slowly peeling it off.

"...everyone, go find somewhere else to be." I order calmly, feeling myself slowly grow erect. Looking around the room at the minions who seem hesitant to leave, I sigh. "Anyone who is still here in thirty seconds, I will assume is volunteering to help me learn how hard I can punch in my golden form." I deadpan, watching as they all suddenly find somewhere else to be.

"I'll go back to researching places where we can sell your gold bars, sir." Jaina adds, placing my shirt down as she hesitates, biting her lip.

"Come on, stop being such a bore and let's make this a ménage à trois~" Rabbit adds, making Jaina scoff as she immediately leaves. "Tch, that bitch could use a nice golden dick to replace the stick up her ass."

"You know, the more you push her to sleep with me, the more she'll refuse to do so. She wants to, she just doesn't want to give you the satisfaction." I deadpan, making Rabbit pause.

"That's stupid, if she wants to get fucked she should just get fucked. Wanna go pin her down and go to town? I'll hold her down while you dick her down." Rabbit offers, making me roll my eyes.

"I'll pass, I'd rather not alienate such a talented worker." I say, walking closer to her as she pouts, even as she reaches for my belt.

"Shame~" Rabbit adds as she pulls my trousers down, gasping in delight at the sight of my golden manhood, fully erect. "It's like a fancy dildo, just… attached to someone."

...isn't that every penis?

Dropping to her knees, she grasps my length and slowly starts to stroke it, making my frown every so slightly even out as she leans forwards and takes the metallic tip into her mouth.

My sense of touch is… dulled in my metal form, I can definitely feel her tongue working it's way along my length, but it's far less pleasurable than usual.

Well, at least I'll certainly last a lot longer than usual like this, and endurance isn't usually a problem for me anyway.

Letting her pleasure me for the first few minutes, I reach down and grab her hair roughly, knowing she doesn't mind a little pain as long as pleasure is soon to follow, and drag her to the edge of the ring, bending her over as she grabs the rope, hips swaying enticingly as she grins back at me, barely reacting to her thong being torn away.

Wasting no time, I take aim and thrust, chuckling at her squeal as nine inches of cold metal slides into her soaking wet pussy.

"Fuck me, you shiny bastard." Rabbit orders, and while I don't like taking orders from my underlings, this once I'll make an exception as I start to thrust, the feeling of her tight cunt squeezing down on me making me smile slightly.

I might have a dulled sense of touch, but I can definitely still enjoy the pleasures of the flesh, even when I'm not exactly flesh.

It takes almost an hour of pounding Rabbit against the ring ropes, drawing a dozen orgasms out from the lucky bunny, but eventually I feel my own climax approaching, my thrust speeding up as Rabbit moans, her body coated in a thin sheen of sweat.

Slamming my hips forwards, I mentally admire the fact that there's no chance of pregnancy with Rabbit as I let loose, spilling my seed into her womb.

That was a problem I had in my past life, women wanting to secure a piece of my wealth with a child. I had to fire three secretaries for trying that, I was always very careful but that didn't stop them from claiming their child was mine.

Lab tests proved that to be nonsense, and my lawyers sued them out of existence for trying to deceive me, but it was still a problem.

You'd think the solution would be to stop fucking my secretaries, but long nights at the office were made more manageable with a pair of lips around your cock, and I enjoyed the feeling of power that came with it.

It's not as good as fucking a rival CEO's wife and teenage daughter at the same time, after sending his company spiralling into bankruptcy and taking most of his material belongings, but it's up there.

Pulling back, I smirk as I realise that none of the usual post-climax tiredness is bothering me, I feel fresh and ready to go, so I guess I also have some form of enhanced stamina in this form.

"Ooh, shiny~" Rabbit says, watching my cum start to leak from her, the liquid gold dripping down her leg as she swipes some of it up with her finger and lifts it up, licking it clean. "It tastes like glitter, nice~"

"What does that even mean?" I start, before pausing. "Don't answer that, I have no interest in trying it for myself." I add, making her pout as she closes her mouth.

"You're lucky you're so much fun." Rabbit says with a carefree shrug.

"That I am, now get dressed and go steal something. I'll let you pick, just make it something unique." I order, making her beam at me.

"Aww, you know just what to say to get me in the mood. Fucking and Felonies, my two favourite hobbies." Rabbit teases, hopping up with a grin. "I'll be back soon, I'm sure I can find something shiny and valuable around the city. Jaina had dozens of heists planned, but she was too cautious and never wanted to actually do them~ time to go poke her until she tells me where I can find something fun."

"If it helps, tell her it's part of my bigger plan. I don't even really care what it is, only that it's unique and well known." I say, the last objective of my tutorial is to acquire a piece of unique loot and I need to work out what the hell that even means.

"Heh, I don't care what I'm stealing either so I'm definitely going to poke Jaina." Rabbit agrees, not bothering to get dressed as she hops over the ropes, prancing through the base.

Dressing and leaving the gym myself, I pause as I spot a guard minion standing outside, staring at the naked rabbit as she bounces away.

"Ayyy, you the man boss. High five!" He says as he spots me, making me pause before I shrug and high five him. It's rude to leave a man hanging, after all.

With a cheer, he pats me on the back and heads into the gym as I head towards my office, chuckling to myself.

It doesn't take me long to reach my office, and taking a seat I send a quick text to Panacea, before reading through my emails with a growing smile.

A short thank you from Weaver on PHO, an initial report on the various independent capes in Brockton from my research division, and an email from Orika Uraraka.

It's very professional, but it doesn't read as natural. From the viewpoint of an experienced businessman I'd say she's not used to writing like this and probably rewrote it a dozen times to try and make it sound more professional, but it just comes off as overly formal and stuffy.

I've seen plenty of people who write like this, trying to be something they just aren't, and it tells me a little about what to expect from her.

Calling the number she left, the fact that she answered before the end of the first ring tells me even more, she was waiting by the phone, despite it being a business number and the fact that it's getting late, which speaks of desperation.

"Hello, you've reached Uraraka Constructions, this is Orika Uraraka speaking." a soft voice says immediately, hints of nervousness hidden behind a practised business-like tone.

"Ahh, a pleasure to put a voice to your words, Mrs Uraraka. This is Jin Yukimura, calling about my offer to invest in your company." I say, my voice casual and relaxed.

Never let your opponent realise how good you are at this dance, make them underestimate you, and wait for them to let their guard down and expose a weakness you can exploit.

I've done this song and dance a thousand times, with people far more experienced, and I don't need powers to deal with this.


Amy -


"I can't keep sneaking away you know. I'm a busy person." Amy grumbled as she entered the designated meeting point, spotting Midas already there and waiting as he smirked at her slightly. "With my hospital shifts, school life and personal life, I can't spend all my time sneaking around because you clicked your fingers."

"And yet, I clicked my fingers and here you are." Midas countered, amused at her tone as he rested his chin in his hand as he sat in a comfy looking armchair.

Mumbling to herself, she glared at him as she walked fully into the room and closed the door.

"Cut the crap, Midas. What do you want this time? Does another junkie you stole from the Merchants need fixing?" Amy asked as he rose, chuckling to himself.

"Oh, not this time. This time, I don't need your healing at all, actually. I wanted to check something, and I find it better to do this kind of thing face to face." Midas drawled as he walked up to her, his tall stature making him tower over her as he stared down at her with a far too intelligent gaze. "Did you tell Victoria about our deal? Or your mother?"

"What? No, of course not! You think I want to have that conversation? 'Oh, sorry your tits have gone viral Vicky, I got snarky with a crime lord.'" Amy responded with a mocking tone as Midas smirked. "And I'm not under permanent house arrest, so I obviously didn't tell Carol either."

"I see, I believe you. Unfortunately, someone else has put them on my trail, it's a minor inconvenience but I already have a decent idea who is responsible if not you." Midas drawled, making her eyes widen.

"You said you'd leave my family out of it." Amy replied quickly, making him chuckle.

"And I had indeed planned to, but plans changed when they started sniffing around my operations. I'm glad you weren't the leak, Amy, I don't think you'd be able to handle having their destruction on your conscience." Midas replied idly, making her growl.

"What do you want? We both know you're smart enough to work around them, what do you want from me to leave Vicky- my family unharmed." Amy asked, seeing through his mocking act. She winced slightly at his growing smirk at her slip of the tongue, a knowing look in her eye.

"I want to know who put them on my trail, to begin with. But for the inconvenience of dealing with New Wave on a regular basis without just tearing them apart? I want a great deal." Midas said with a growing smile. "But you'll give it to me, won't you? We've already established that you'll do anything to protect Vicky." Midas said as he reached out, placing his hand on her cheek as she glowered up at him.

"I hate you." Amy replied, making his smile grow wider as she let out a deep sigh . "What do I have to do?" she continued in a defeated tone.

It was a lose-lose situation, Midas probably had people ready and willing to kill Vicky waiting as they spoke, he showed how willing he was to kill last night even if the Grapist wasn't going to be missed. She couldn't convince her family to back off Midas, Carol would go ballistic if she even suggested it.

"When I have to fight your family, I won't be holding back. I will have to hurt them, but as long as you are nice and obedient, I won't do anything too humiliating... or permanent. That's a fair deal, is it not?" Midas asked, making her scowl at him as she nodded. "Your first task is simple, I want you to find out who set them on my trail and why." Midas ordered, making her nod as she mentally noted that he didn't know everything, even if he often acted like he did.

"Fine, I'll see what I can do." Amy reluctantly agreed, making him smile at her as he pulled out his phone, pressing a couple of buttons before her own phone vibrated in her pocket.

Looking down, she frowned at the sight of a video attachment.

"I reward good work, and we both know where your interests lie." Midas said in explanation, smirking as she opened it, despite knowing she was falling into a trap.

As the video started, she couldn't stop herself from staring as Vicky smirked at the camera, slowly pumping a pink dildo into her dripping pussy, moans filling the air as Vicky clearly put on a show for the camera, her other hand groping her naked breasts.

She could feel her nipples slowly hardening and her panties growing damp as she watched the video, hating herself for betraying Vicky like this but unable to tear her eyes away.

"You know, Vicky took literally hundreds of pictures and videos, I've got quite the collection… I'd be happy to share them with you." Midas offered as she looked up, her cheeks flushed as she glared at him.

"For a price." Amy finished, making him chuckle again.

"Nothing is free, Amy." Midas agreed, stroking her cheek. "So, how about a trade, a favour for a favour." Midas offered as she paused.

She should say no, shut him down.

"What do you want?" Amy asked, disgusted at her own weakness.

"An equal trade, take your top off." Midas ordered as she froze, was she really going to do this just to satisfy her unnatural lust for Vicky?

Reaching down, she silently admitted that she was scum, pulling her hoodie over her head before she reached down and did the same for her t-shirt.

Standing in front of Midas in just her bra and jeans, she stared up at him with a mixture of hatred and disgust, not quite sure which of them she hated more as he reached forwards, his surprisingly soft hand gently groping her breast over her bra.

"The deal is simple, you can decide how far you are willing to go, and the further you go, the more of Vicky's pictures I will give you, if you want to stay in your bra then I'll send you ones of Vicky in her bra." Midas explained simply.

Shuddering slightly she reached back and unclipped her bra slowly letting it fall as she exposed her breasts for a villain. "Beautiful, you can stop this at any time. If you want me to stop, if you want to leave, just say the word." Midas explained softly, his hand gently cupping her breast as his fingers played with her hardened nipple.

"My panties stay on, and you can't touch me… there." Amy said quietly, a quiet moan leaving her as he skilfully toyed with her breasts.

"As you wish, does that mean your jeans are coming off?" Midas asked with a smile, making her nod slowly, undoing her buttons and pushing them down. "You have an amazing ass, it might actually be better than Vicky's… is it off limits as well?" Midas asked, making her pause before she shook her head.

One of his hands quickly moved down to her covered butt, his fingers digging into her soft flesh as she suppressed a moan.

"I'm going to kiss you, is that alright?" Midas asked, making her look up at him hesitantly.

"I've never kissed someone before." Amy admitted, her cheeks flushed from the pleasure his deft fingers were dragging out of her disobedient body.

Leaning forwards, she couldn't even say she was doing this for Vicky's sake as she tilted her head so he could place his lips against hers, a long tongue slipping into her mouth as she moaned from his groping.

She was doing this for herself, because she was a terrible human being. He just put a bit of bait in front of her and she took it even knowing she shouldn't.

Her first kiss, with a smug villain in an abandoned apartment, after stripping for him. At least it was a good story, not that she'd ever tell anyone.

Breaking the kiss, he took her hand and led her to the bedroom, pushing her onto the bed as he grabbed his phone and took a few pictures of her with a smile.

A fair trade, pictures for pictures.


As he approached, she mentally shuddered as he joined her on the bed, her dream returning to the front of her mind as she stared up at him.

"As I said, if you want to stop, just say so." Midas said, kissing her again as he towered over her, playing with her breasts again.

Staying docile, she just let him play with her body and explore her mouth as she slowly moaned, her breathing quickening. She was going to climax, she knew enough about the human body to know that.

She was going to cum because a villain was molesting her, because she was letting a villain molest her.

She couldn't pretend she wasn't a willing participant in this, that she hadn't agreed to this for her own benefit.

Moaning into his mouth again, she clutched at his clothes as his fingers sped up, squeezing and groping her breasts. She was going to cum… from a villain playing with her tits.

"It's okay, just let go." Midas whispered into her ear as she whimpered, her hips rocking slightly.

A low drawn out moan filled the room as she felt her panties grow uncomfortably drenched, her juices squirting out of her wet pussy as she blushed.

"C-can we stop?" Amy asked, full of shame and reluctant pleasure as Midas smiled down at her, placing a quick kiss on her lips before he moved back.

"Of course, White Rabbit will probably thank you for getting me all worked up and then leaving me out to dry… but I said you could decide how far we went, and I meant it." Midas said, helping her up onto shaky legs. "I'll send you your reward soon." He promised, making her perk up before she shook her head.

"I'm pathetic." Amy whispered, pausing as Midas pulled her into a hug, one hand stroking her hair as the other held her close, not even lingering near her ass as her breasts were pressed against his chest.

"You are many things, Amelia, but pathetic isn't one of them. We can't control our desires, and you've been dealing with yours for a long time, haven't you?" Midas asked, his tone soothing as she slowly cuddled against him.

She couldn't remember the last time she was hugged by someone other than Vicky, and every time she was hugged by Vicky she was stuck dealing with her own dark thoughts as Vicky's curvy body was pressed against her.

Carol wasn't a hugger, Mark was… he tried, and she appreciated that, but he was busy fighting his own demons, and often losing. Aunt Sarah was a hugger, but she rarely even saw that side of her family, and normally if she did it was because one of them needed Panacea.

Everyone needed or wanted Panacea, very few cared about the girl beneath the hood.

So even as she cursed Midas for putting her in this situation, she melted into his hug and just enjoyed the feeling of his embrace.

She couldn't even bring herself to mind the way his erection was pressing against her waist.

She didn't know how long she spent just being held, but eventually she pulled herself free and looked up at Midas, his usual smug smirk replaced with a more gentle smile.

"I'm leaving, I can't be missing for too long." Amy said, gathering her clothes and getting dressed, feeling his eyes on her body as she bent over to pick them up.

Did he really think she had a better body than Vicky?

"Of course, I won't keep you." Midas agreed easily, and as she finished dressing she looked over at him one more time.

A part of her wanted him to hug her again, a darker part of her wanted his hands on her body in a less innocent way, lewd whispers telling her that if he could make her cum with just her breasts, how would it feel if she surrendered her body to him entirely, but with a shake of her head she dismissed them.

"Goodbye, Midas." Amy said, making him smile and give her a nod.

"Goodbye, Amelia." Midas said easily, watching her leave.

She noticed a pair of jumpsuit-clad men tailing her as she moved back towards her home, but after she reached the safer parts of the city they left, making her smile slightly.

Sneaking back into her home with pathetic ease, as Mark didn't even look up from the tv, she headed to her bedroom and opened the file Midas sent her, biting her lip at the sight of a dozen attachments.

'A pleasure, Amelia, though admittedly more yours than mine. You look amazing on camera.'

Shaking her head, she slowly opened the first attachment and paused as she stared at her own mostly naked body, staring at the camera with a mixture of apprehension and… lust.

She could see the desire in her own eyes as she stared at the camera, exposing her body for Midas's appreciation.

She looked… lewd, flushed cheeks and hardened nipples, and as she quickly closed the picture she shuddered. So that was what she looked like from Midas's point of view…

The rest of the pictures were of Vicky, as promised, and as she stripped, slowly playing with her body, she couldn't bring herself to regret her decision.

Except for the fact that her own hand didn't feel as good as Midas's more experienced touch, a thought that she quickly shook out of her head.

It took her far longer to bring herself to orgasm, even with a video of Vicky giving the camera a sultry strip tease to help, and as she put her phone away and drifted off to sleep, her dreams were plagued with Midas and Vicky in equal measure.

The next morning, Midas asked for a picture of her in the shower, and as she took it, her body wet and soapy, she admitted she understood why Vicky liked the camera so much.


Aisha -


Sitting in her cell in silence, she threw a glare at the big tittied bimbo in the next cell, the bitch was a little too good at finding the right words to say to actually hurt her, and she didn't want to get into another argument with her.

Mostly because the slut definitely knew what to say to really hurt her, it took the bitch about three minutes to realise that her parents were her sore spot, and she wasted no time hitting her where it hurt.

That led to another, different problem.

She was so fucking bored, after being tossed in the cell she'd been left to her own devices and trapped in a tiny cell with nothing to keep her entertained she was going mad. The prison didn't even have anyone to talk to other than the boob monster.

It meant when a masked man entered the room, clearly the infamous Midas, she perked up instead of feeling the fear she probably should have.

"Aisha, was it? Stand in front of the glass." Midas ordered as she looked over at him from the uncomfortable bed she was laid on, making her smirk to herself.

"Nah, I just got comfortable." Aisha said easily, seeing the blondes eyes widen slightly as she shook her head.

"Do you not understand that you're being held hostage by a villain?" Midas asked, a hint of amusement in his tone.

"Yup, but you want my brother to work for you and he won't do that if you actually hurt me." Aisha said with confidence, making him chuckle.

"Actually, I don't give a fuck about your brother. He works for a rival villain and I want the threat neutralised, Tattletale wants him working for me because she doesn't want his blood on her hands, but I'd kill him without a second of hesitation, after which I'd kill you because you'd just be a deadweight at that point." Midas drawled, making her look over at him. "Your brother wants proof you are okay, stand up and face the glass."

"Nah, I read up on the unwritten rules when I figured out my bro was a cape. You guys aren't allowed to kill." Aisha said, making him laugh.

"They are more like guidelines, really. Last warning, stand up and face the glass." Midas said, making her stare at him challengingly.

"Kinda pathetic that you need to be behind some bulletproof glass to deal with a teenage girl, gonna have a few of your men come and make me?" Aisha taunted, watching Squealer pale.

"Well, I gave you a chance to do this the easy way." Midas said with a sigh as he walked forwards and unlocked the cell, making her mentally smile.

Because she had a knife hidden in her pocket, and she'd never been searched. She knew how to take care of herself, she was a black girl living on the edge between Merchant and Empire territory who wasn't willing to hide or cower, so she had to.

Guys were stupid, and they never took a little girl seriously enough.

"Ooh, such a big brave man willing to come into a cell with a little girl, do you want a medal?" Aisha taunted, still not getting up from the bed as he approached, making him scowl slightly. "Aww, don't like the fact that I'm not cowering in the corner? Gonna teach me a lesson, big guy?"

"I just might." Midas drawled as she sat up, smirking up at him as she hopped off the bed, staring up at him as she moved closer, pressing her small chest against him.

"Aww, I'm really, really sorry I hurt your feelings. Do you want me to kiss it better?" Aisha teased, unconcerned with her proximity to an angry cape. "Or do you want to put me over your lap and spank my naughty little ass? Maybe you're gonna make me put my disrespectful mouth to better use. What's it gonna be, big guy?" Aisha asked, smirking up at him as he stared back at her blankly. "Come on, you're a villain aren't you?" She taunted as he reached down and grabbed her wrist, pulling her out of the cell as she slowly reached for her back pocket, while he wasn't looking, pulling out the small but sharp pen knife she carried everywhere.

As he turned back, she flipped it open and stabbed forwards, aiming for his side as she lunged.

As it slid through his plain white shirt, she froze at the sound of metal scraping against metal, looking up into his highly amused eyes.

"Interesting, the first person to try and kill me… was a teenage girl with a pen knife." Midas chuckled, his skin turning golden as he grabbed her other wrist, twisting it slightly as she helped and dropped her knife, unable to free her hand from his metal grasp.

"Fuck you." Aisha gasped, making him chuckle again as he let her wrist go and pushed her back, sending her tumbling to the floor as he picked up her knife, crushing it easily and tossing it away.

"I offered a chance to make this painless, now smile for the camera." Midas ordered, making her look up as he took a quick snapshot of her. "You know, it's hard to type with metal fingers." he mutters as he pocketed his phone. "Do you have anything else I need to worry about? Frankly, I'm impressed you managed to hide a knife in those shorts." Midas deadpanned as his skin turned back to flesh.

"I can hide a lot in my shorts." Aisha retorted, making Midas sigh as he reached down and picked her up, placing her on her feet.

"Very well, just remember that we could have avoided all this." Midas said, reaching forwards and grasping her tube top with both hands and tearing, making her yelp as he ripped it off her body, leaving her topless, her small breasts bouncing free.

She barely had a chance to respond before he pushed her onto the bed and quickly pulled her shorts down as well, her shoes following leaving her in just her thong as she glared at him.

"Let's see, two chocolate bars, a lighter, a half empty packet of cigarettes." Midas said idly, searching her pockets as she glared at him. "Nothing noteworthy, but if you wanted to keep your clothes perhaps you shouldn't have implied you had more contraband in them." Midas deadpanned, stepping out and locking her cell again. "A piece of advice, if you're going to attempt to assassinate a villain, use a real knife, not a cheap pen knife."

"Like you were gonna let me stay dressed anyway, you think I haven't noticed that Squealers naked? How often do you make her squeal? I give it a day before you fuck me, I know men like you."

"The difference between you and Sherrel is simple. She is a well developed adult, and you're a child. If you're still locked up here in a few years I might reconsider, but why would I waste my time on a kid like you?" Midas asked, tossing her clothes, lighter, cigarettes and broken pen knife into a bin, unwrapping one of her hard earned chocolate bars and taking a bite as he left, not even giving her time to respond.

...A kid?

A fucking child.

Glaring at the closed door, she threw herself back into the bed and grumbled to herself. How fucking dare he, after everything she'd been through she definitely wasn't a child, hadn't been for years, and that smug bastard…

Sulking, she looked at Squealer who was staring at her in disbelief.

"What the fuck do you want?" Aisha growled, making her chuckle.

"You're kinda a dumbass, aren't you?" Sherrel said simply , making her glare at the other woman. "Good, any time he's dealing with you he's leaving me alone. Thank you for your sacrifice." Sherrel mocked.

"I can't wait to get a front row seat of his making you live up to your name, Squealer." Aisha retorted, making her laugh.

"And I can't wait until he decides to put you in your place, you mouthy little brat. Can't say I'm surprised you came onto him though, if anything I'm surprised you managed to keep your legs closed when an older man showed up." Sherrel taunted.

"Fuck you."

"Nah, I'm not interested in a child either." she finished, laughing to herself.


Jin -


I don't like brats.

I never have, they are irritating and often utterly deluded about their own importance, thinking themselves untouchable.

They make terrible workers as well, often lazy and disobedient, thinking that their looks give them a free pass through life. I had to deal with more than a few of the types in my past life, I suppose it's only fitting I have to deal with them here as well.

But I can handle some childish brat with parental issues the size of a small mountain, especially one with such pathetically obvious tells.

Grue had better be worth the effort.

"Boss, you had a delivery at the other base." one of my Minions says, making me look up in confusion.

...a delivery?

"Please tell me you checked it before bringing it here?" I say, making him nod rapidly.

"Yeah, boss. It's full of grenades and a letter." he says, making me pause.

Did they just bring a bomb to me?

As he offers me the letter, another minion holding the box, I read through the short message and smile. Ahh, that makes a lot more sense.

Dear King Midas
I believe that we can come to an agreement, and your recent actions have certainly impressed. I believe that you too understand the power of fear, and while I'm not ready to join you just yet, I hope you can put these to good use against the bottom feeders that you have declared war upon.

I will be watching closely, and I will come to a decision whether I wish to join your faction once you have dealt with the Merchants.

Johnathan Crane, the Scarecrow

Looking at the box, I smile at the sight of what appear to be tear gas grenades, but I know exactly what the gas inside them actually is.

A test, to see if I can use his creations effectively before he decides whether he wants to join up?

Understandable, Dr Crane is certainly an intelligent man and his caution is well placed.

I'll accept his test, and I will excel at it and prove to him that I am worth serving.


Helena (Huntress) -


"I have to say, this is a first." Helena said slowly as she entered the room, looking at the back of Oracles head, flowing red hair hanging down as she sat in… a wheelchair.

A dozen screens were in front of her, some showing files, police reports, and even live camera feed of various places she didn't particularly recognise.

Spinning her wheelchair around, the young, maskless woman smiled at her, making her pause. Why would Oracle not be wearing a mask, when she invited her here?

To make it worse, she recognised the woman in front of her, Barbara Gordon's crippling had been rather well covered after all, since it resulted in the Joker finally being captured and Birdcaged for his… extensive list of crimes.

"Huntress, thank you for coming. It's nice to meet you face to face. I'm Oracle, or as you likely already know, Barbara. You can call me either here, we are very secure." Barbara said, holding out a hand to her, which she took and slowly shook.

"Oracle, it's nice to put a face to the voice, but… what's this about?" Helena asked slowly, tensing slightly as another girl entered the room.

Also young, the Asian girl crossed her arms and stared at her judgingly, her body tense and ready. The daggers on her waist didn't help put Huntress at ease either.

"Cass, it's fine. We talked about this." Barbara said soothingly, making the other girl relax slightly. "My apologies, Cassandra is protective of me and slow to trust others." Barbara explained, making Huntress nod.

'Cassandra' made some swift hand gestures that she vaguely recognised as sign language, but she couldn't read them even as Barbara nodded.

"'She wants you to know that she's impressed you managed to fight her mother and survive.' She is the daughter of two villains, Lady Shiva and Orphan, trained as an assassin. She fled, and I've been helping her get used to a more normal life, or as normal as capes like us can have." Barbara said wryly as Huntress nodded, her mind flashing back to the closest she'd ever come to death.

If Panacea hadn't healed her, she'd have died from the loss of so much blood, dozens of cuts covering her body after Lady Shiva tore her apart with her swords.

"I wouldn't say it was impressive, it was dumb luck and Lady Shiva deciding not to finish me off." Huntress said after a moment, watching Cass immediately gesture again.

"You impressed Lady Shiva, and that's hard to do. If you hadn't, she'd have executed you." Barbara translated before she shook her head. "But that's not why I called you here, and we are waiting on two more before we can start."

"Then we have a little time… can I ask you something?" Helena started, making Barbara nod calmly.

"Why am I still crippled?" Barbara deadpanned, making Helena flush at the tone. "Barbara Gordon was publicly crippled, while Panacea was away due to an emergency. Batgirl never showed up again, both have red hair, both are the same height. The Joker unmasked me without ever actually needing to do it physically, and as Batgirl I made a lot of enemies. I was reckless, and overconfident, even if I get Panacea to fix my spine, those enemies won't be so inclined to leave the cripple alone, or her family." Barabara explained easily, making Helena nod understandingly. "My power means I can do as much good behind a desk as I can on the streets, perhaps more. I've made my decision, and I've worried my father enough already, I won't put him in any more danger than I already have."

"I understand, I can respect that." Helena said, giving Barbara a respectful nod. Batgirl was more active than almost any independent, for the short few months she was active at all.

As Cass gestured again, Barbara laughed.

"Yes, Cassie. I do have you to do the beatings now." Barbara chuckled, making Cass straighten up with a small smile on her face.

"You got me too, as long as the money keeps coming." A rougher voice said as she turned, watching a white haired woman walk into the room, several scars on her the parts of her face that weren't covered by a black and orange mask, matching the armoured outfit covering her body. She was older than Cassandra or Barbara, but younger than her.

"That I do, Ravager." Barbara agreed, making Helena stare at the other woman.

"Lemme guess, I look familiar? Let's just get this over with, I'm Deathstroke's daughter and ex-apprentice, committed a fuck ton of crimes but me and daddy dearest aren't talking right now on account of him being a murdering sociopath. Also he's got a new apprentice, some dumb girl called Terra who thinks he actually gives a shit about her." Ravager deadpanned before she reached up and removed her black and orange mask. "Since daddy dearest doesn't bother hiding his identity, there's no point in me trying to either. Rose Wilson, if Babs's plan works out we'll be seeing a lot of each other."

"You're a mercenary? Interesting choice, wouldn't you be better off joining up with Faultline?" Helena asked, making Rose laugh.

Her own father had been a mob boss, so she wasn't going to judge Rose for having a shit dad.

"Me and Faulty have had some… professional differences in the past, she got hired to protect something and I got hired to blow it up, and she doesn't take losing well." Rose chuckled. "Also, I stabbed her in the stomach and cut off Newter's tail, so she's not my biggest fan. She'll leave me alone, as long as I stay out of Palanquin… which sucks cause it was a decent place to get shitfaced." Rose said with a shrug, making Helena grin.

She'd never liked Faultline, and Rose seemed like her kind of gal.

"Guess I'm late to the party?" A sultry voice said, drawing their attention to the door as a leggy blonde in fishnets walked in, a black leather biker jacket covering her leotard.

"Right on time, actually. Now, I imagine you two are curious why I've called you here?" Barbara asked, making her and Black Canary look at each other.

"You could say that, what's this all about?" Canary asked, making Barbara smile.

"To put it simply, I want to build a new hero team to counter the incoming chaos Brockton Bay will be facing, there's only so much independent heroes can do alone, and we all have our own reasons to want to avoid the PRT." Barbara explained among her pause, giving Canary a look as she considered her words.

"Wait a second, you think the gang wars are gonna get so crazy that Brockton needs a new hero group?" Canary asked seriously.

"Not quite, Midas will probably beat the Merchants by the end of the week, but the fight between the Empire and ABB is just going to keep getting worse until one of them is defeated. The biggest threat comes from outside the city, because right now dozens of out of town gangs are looking for a piece of the Brockton Bay pie, seeing a chance to take a slice for themselves." Barbara explained, making their eyes widen. "Midas and his gang are simply the first."

"Why the fuck are so many gangs interested in this shithole?" Helena groaned, making Canary chuckle quietly.

"Because Brockton Bay produces one thing in greater numbers than almost anywhere else in the world." Barbara started.

"STDs?" Rose quipped.

"Well, probably. Or at least until Midas wipes out the Merchants. But no, I mean capes. Brockton Bay has a very high rate of new cape appearances, fresh triggers on a weekly basis, both natural triggers and quirk capes can be found here in great numbers, and that's something every gang wants. Thugs are a dime a dozen, but capes are worth their weight in gold." Barbara explained with a frown.

"Fuck, and while Lung scared most away…" Canary started.

"He's distracted with the Empire, the fact that Midas was able to get set up so quickly has countless gangs wondering if they can do the same. Some of them are newly formed, but some of them are large, powerful, and hoping to expand. Brockton Bay is a beacon, drawing in villains in great numbers, and the PRT and New Wave won't be able to handle it." Barbara finished.

"And you think us five can?" Helena asked, making Barbara shake her head.

"Not alone of course, I have a few more potential recruits in mind but I wasn't able to get in contact with Vixen or Artemis, Harley Quinn formed a new gang before I could get a hold of her and Catwoman is laying low at the moment." Barbara explained. "I don't expect us to hold off the hordes alone, but we can accomplish far more united than we can alone."

"Wait, you wanted to recruit Quinn? I can almost understand Catwoman, she's talented and mostly harmless, but Quinn?! Didn't she-" Helena started.

"Kidnap me, leading to the Joker crippling me. Yes, she did. Harley is as much a victim of the Joker as I am, but while he broke my body, he broke her mind. I want to help her, and besides… She's far smarter than she acts, and turning her to the side of good removes one potential problem. Without the Joker holding her leash, she's chaotic and far more unpredictable." Barbara explained simply.

"I have Artemis's number." Black Canary said after a moment. "And I can probably get in contact with Vixen, I've worked with her before."

"So, you're in then?" Rose asked, making her chuckle.

"I'll give it a shot, see how it goes." Canary agreed, making Barbara smile.

"Fuck it, you've been a massive help over the past year… fine, I'm in Oracle." Helena agreed, making Barbara's smile grow wider.

"So, you got a name in mind?" Canary asked.

"I was thinking of Birds of Prey, but admittedly I came up with the name when I was hoping to get Hawkgirl, Dove and Lady Blackhawk to be here." Barbara admitted. "I still have hopes that I'll be able to recruit some more from my 'wish list', but things are speeding up too fast for me to put it off any longer."

Glancing at one of the screens, she spotted a list of names including their own.

Hawkgirl, uninterested.
Dove, potentially formed a new group.
Harley Quinn, formed a new gang.
Catwoman, in hiding.
Lady Blackhawk, interested but busy.
Gypsy, out of town.
Judomaster, no reply.
Katana, missing.
Manhunter, currently uninterested.
Artemis, no reply.
Vixen, busy.
Fake 'Batgirl', unknown motives.
Black Alice, ???

Heh, Oracle had been busy.

If nothing else, this should be interesting.

Author's Note: There is no note.
"Sanity and happiness are an impossible combination."
― Mark Twain

​
My Discord, come here for porn and also sometimes fics: https://discord.gg/wd3tUYWVCd

My Patreon, I promise to spend any money given to me irresponsibly: https://www.patreon.com/TheDarkWolfShiro​
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:KrecherMB, recon1, Mickyboiya and 1,177 others
The Dark Wolf Shiro
Jun 8, 2021
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 08: Storm Rising
View content
The Dark Wolf Shiro
The Dark Wolf Shiro
Everyone Hail to the Pumpkin King
JoinedApr 1, 2019
Messages9,336
Likes received960,957
Jun 11, 2021
Add bookmark
#949
Disclaimer: I own nothing but my own original characters and works, if you recognise it from somewhere else, surprise it isn't mine.
Discord Link: discord .gg/ wd3tUYWVCd
Pat reon Link: Pat reon .com/TheDarkWolfShiro
Betad by morde24

The Guild of Gamers: The Supervillain
Chapter 08: Storm Rising
Taylor

■

Welcome to the Parahumans Online message boards.
You are currently logged in, Weaver
You are viewing:
Threads you have replied to
AND Threads that have new replies
OR private message conversations with new replies
Thread OP is displayed.
Twenty posts per page
Last ten messages in private message history.
Threads and private messages are ordered chronologically.

■

♦ Topic: The End of the Grapist
In: Boards ► Places ► America ► Brockton Bay Discussion
Bagrat (Original Poster) (Veteran Member) (The Guy in the Know)
Posted On Mar 7th 2011:
Well, ladies and gentlemen.

It finally happened.

Tonight, the reign of the Grapist has ended in a swift and brutal manner.

Ladies, please hold your celebrations for a moment while I explain what details we have.

Firstly, Grapist attacked a new cape (no name yet), a female cape, who was attacking his men.

Anyone familiar with Grapist's methods can probably tell where this is going, but we don't have information on what exactly happened afterwards because the only surviving witnesses fled (two girls who Grapists men were assaulting before the cape showed up)

What we do know is the aftermath, because at some point Midas showed up and things turned fatal, with eleven unpowered merchants killed and the Grapist himself shot in the head by Midas himself.

Now, I'm sure a lot of you are celebrating (and I certainly won't miss reading about Grapists crimes against the fairer sex, hero's and civilians alike) but bare in mind... Midas executed another cape, a blatant violation of the Unwritten rules.

Have to wonder what's going to come of this

(Showing page 1 of 37)

►ShadowStalker (Verified Cape)
Replied On Mar 7th 2011:
Finally, it's about time someone put that midget out of everyone else's misery.

He got what was coming to him, it's just a shame it took a villain to actually do something about him.


►MissMilitia (Verified Cape)
Replied On Mar 7th 2011:
Shadow Stalker, do not celebrate the deaths of villains.

►RedQueen
Replied On Mar 7th 2011:
And just like that, sexual assault statistics are gonna take a steep dive. The only question is why nobody did this sooner.

Well played to Midas, he probably did more for the woman of Brockton Bay in the past 24 hours than the PRT have in years.

Definitely more if he keeps hitting the Merchants, maybe he'll pay the ABB a visit next and actually make it safe for women to walk the streets again.

But no, scold Shadow Stalker because she's happy a psychotic rapist is dead.

►Assault (Verified Cape)
Replied On Mar 7th 2011:
Woooo!

Midas, if you're reading this I owe you a beer!

Rot in hell you fucking midget

►E.Piggot (Verified PRT Agent)
Replied On Mar 7th 2011:
Shadow Stalker, Assault, come to my office.

►XxVoid_CowboyxX
Replied On Mar 7th 2011:
Queenie might be a bitch, but for once I actually agree with her.

I have classmates who Grapist assaulted

Fuck the Grapist, if there is a hell I hope he's being made some demons bitch

►FlippinMad
Replied On Mar 7th 2011:
And now I'm actually agreeing with Void on something, Brockton gets weirder every day

I hope Midas doesn't get in too much trouble for this

►TheGoldenKing (Verified Cape)
Replied On Mar 7th 2011:
Allow me to provide some much needed details on this particular issue.

I did kill Grapist, I won't deny that. I also had his men executed, but I didn't do so because I wanted to.

I was indeed hunting Grapist to deprive Skidmark of another cape for our upcoming battle, but I planned to take him prisoner and hand him over to the PRT at a later date, I have no desire for such a being to be walking free after all.

However, when I found him he was in the process of stripping a young new heroine named Weaver, no doubt so he could live up to his name, and by the time I had arrived, he had unmasked her.

After defeating him, I made the decision to kill Grapist and all the men who saw Weavers face to protect her identity from the Merchants, I swore my own men to secrecy (on pain of joining the Merchants should they forget the importance of discretion)

I won't apologise for my actions, as nobody, Hero or Villain deserves to be unmasked in such a way and I wasn't going to rely on the common sense or decency of some drug addled fools.

So yes, I killed him and I'd do it again.

►Victor (Verified Cape)
Replied On Mar 7th 2011:
Grapist is dead?

Finally, even Skidmark should have had enough common sense to put down such a rabid dog, but what can you expect from a filthy ****** (moderator edit: We've warned you about that kind of language before, enjoy your two week ban)

If Midas is telling the truth, he upheld the Unwritten rules, not broke them. Killing people who break the Unwritten rules isn't a violation of them, I should know I've sniped enough dumbasses who thought they were above them.

►Othala (Verified Cape)
Replied On Mar 7th 2011:
Good.


►Pop☆Step (Verified Cape)
Replied On Mar 7th 2011:
On one hand, a mass rapist is never gonna hurt anyone again (or send me threatening messages for making fun of him on the show)

On the other... wait, is there a downside?

@Uber @L33T Purple Midget is dead, we gonna do a news report?

►Uber (Verified Cape)
Replied On Mar 7th 2011:
Hey, I'm game. Leet's tinkering, but we can come up with a script. Didn't have anything planned for the next episode yet anyway.

Think Midas would do an interview?

Seriously though, how do you manage to be the most hated cape in a town full of Nazis?

Victor ...I'd say no offence, but you're literally Nazis so absolutely offence. Much offence.

►Battery (Verified Cape)
Replied On Mar 7th 2011:
Say what you want about Midas, but the streets just became a little safer for women, capes and civilians alike.

►La Brava (Verified Cape)
Replied On Mar 7th 2011:
Midas has done more for the city than some heroes, he shouldn't get punished for this!

►Clockblocker (Verified Cape)
Replied On Mar 7th 2011:
Aww, civilians, heroes and villains all united in celebration!

And people think Grapist never did anything with his life, at least his death did something nice.

Seriously though, I've rescued women and girls (some far younger than me) from the Merchants who followed Grapist, fuck him. Anyone mourning him doesn't realise what a fucking monster he was.

And yes, I'm already on my way to your office boss, literally no regrets.

►E.Piggot (Verified PRT Agent)
Replied On Mar 7th 2011:
Office. Now.

►Weaver (Unverified Cape)
Replied On Mar 7th 2011:
Midas is telling the truth, I wasn't planning on getting into any fights yet since I'm new to this but...

I saw some girls being attacked and couldn't just stand aside, I didn't realise another cape was nearby.

If Midas had been any later, I'd have been raped. If Midas hadn't killed them, the Merchants would be able to find my identity and would probably blackmail me or something.

I just hope my carelessness doesn't get Midas into any more trouble than... well, him being a villain already does.
■

It felt weird to defend a villain, even weirder to have that little unverified tag next to her name on her new account. She needed to take a picture of herself in uniform for a verified tag but until her new outfit was ready she wasn't going out again anyway.

It took her seven showers and a medical check up before she even started to feel safe again, thankfully she hadn't caught anything in the brief time he...

She hadn't caught anything.

Shuddering to herself, she paused as she got a new notification. She'd just been watching the thread go on with people, mostly women, celebrating Grapists death.

Some admitted to being his victims, telling horrible stories that made her minute of helplessness seem trivial at times.

It didn't stop her from waking up in a cold sweat feeling grubby fingers groping at her small chest.

She'd decided what she wanted to do as a hero, before she just wanted to make the city better and now she knew exactly how.

Brockton Bay's sexual assault statistics were horrifying, the Merchants forcing women into prostitution or just raping them for fun, the ABB's brothels to be filled with kidnapped or blackmailed women, even minorities in Empire territory sometimes found themselves raped by skinheads. Very rarely, apparently it was something that'd get you punished in the Empire, whether that was because they raped someone or because they slept with a minority was debatable, but it still happened.

And she wanted to stop it.

Opening her notification, she froze as she read the sender's name.

Battery: You aren't the first female cape to find themselves at the hands of a perverted villain, not the first to lose to Grapist either. I don't know how far he got, but just know you have nothing to be ashamed of. If you want to talk, just message me.

She'd read up on Grapist, heard the rumours that he'd tried to molest Battery, but the general consensus was that Assault beat his ass and saved her.

The fact that a hero was messaging her was ludacris, but she powered through it.

Weaver: I wasn't raped.

Wait, that was too blunt and cold.

Weaver: He tried, he had me undressed and had undressed himself but he hadn't actually penetrated me before… well, Midas showed up.

Battery: You were lucky, I wasn't quite as lucky. Grapist held a couple dozen people at gunpoint to make me surrender, drugged up Merchants ready to fire if I tried anything. He was always a coward like that, and when I gave in he molested me, right there with dozens of people watching, when he realised he couldn't cut my uniform he resorted to making me go down on him. I know how shameful it feels to have lost and be out in that position, I didn't want to patrol for months after that, knowing so many people had watched me suck a villain's dick. I felt worthless and used, even after we managed to hide how successful Grapist was. All of his men ended up in jail, and Grapist knew better than to boast after Assault tried to kill him. I know how you must feel, trust me when I say you aren't alone.

Weaver: I didn't even mean to get into a cape fight… I just wanted to scout out the docks.

Battery: That's the problem with being a hero, especially in Brockton Bay. There's a villain around every corner, and while some have their own code like Midas, others are pure evil. It's why being an independent hero is so dangerous. Are you still planning on being a hero?

Pausing, Taylor took a deep breath and typed out her response.

Weaver: Yes, more than ever before I want to make the city a better place.

Battery: Brave, and admirable. I don't know if you've already considered it, but there's a place on the wards for you if you want it, it's a lot safer and more effective than trying solo.

Weaver: I was planning on getting some wins, building a reputation before I came to the PRT. My power isn't exactly heroic…

Battery: Heh, trust me that won't be a problem. I've seen powers way more creepy or 'villainous' than 'big control' become heroes, we can't all be Alexandria. Seriously, take some time and think about it, if you decide you want to join them just call either of these numbers. The first one is mine, the other is for the PRT desk. Vista would love another female teammate ;)

Staring at the numbers on the screen, she paused for a moment before she grabbed her phone, hesitantly before she typed one of the numbers.

Someone answered in the second ring, making her jump slightly.

"Battery here, how can I help you?" Battery asked professionally as Taylor took a deep breath.

"Umm, hi? This is Weaver." Taylor said hesitantly, smiling slightly at the change in tone as Battery started to talk, far more relaxed.

She didn't want to go through that again, but she didn't want to rely on villain's to save her, no matter how grateful she was to Midas.

She couldn't do this alone, and with a hero telling her that her power could fit in with the Wards... well, her path seemed clear.


Glory Girl

'Seriously?'

Prophets' message made her blush slightly, she hadn't even heard their voice before but she could almost hear the deadpan tone.

'Would it help if I said pretty please?'

She felt ridiculous asking this, but with so much going wrong in her life at the moment, she wanted at least one thing to go right.

'Two gang wars and Midas's schemes, and you want me to use my powers to help you make up with your boyfriend? Who I have never met.'

'You've never met me in person, and you don't seem to have any trouble reading me. Is that a no?'

'It's a 'I can't believe this is my life now'. Ugh, fine. His main problem is that he trusts his ability to read emotions far too much, and he has trouble reading you which leads to him misunderstanding things, but you won't be able to convince him he's wrong because he has too much faith in his powers. To add to it, he feels guilty because your relationship is hurting two other people, Vista and your sister, and he is too set on living up to his name. He knows Vista has feelings for him, and senses her jealousy and depression whenever she sees you two together, plus he thinks Amy has feelings for him as well (she doesn't but again, he's misunderstanding what he's sensing from her). That said, he does have feelings for you and he is still a teenage boy, prone to jealousy despite his attempts to be a gentleman. It comes from being able to sense other men's lust for you, including his teammates and friends.'

Smiling to herself, she shook her head slightly at the mention of Vista and Amy. She knew Misty had a crush on Dean, but the younger girl was very mature about it most of the time, but then she couldn't sense emotions so she could have just been putting on a brave face.

His words about Amy made her frown, she thought Amy had a crush on Dean as well, it was why she'd tried to set her up with other men to help her sister move on, but she'd ask Prophet about that another time, she didn't want to wear out his patience with her.

She was fairly certain that Prophet was a he, anyway.

'So… any advice on how to get him to take me back?'

'First of all, he dumped you. You shouldn't go crawling back to him because he dumped you over a jealous fit, it shows weakness and would make him think he was right to suspect you, you'd look guilty. You need to make him come crawling back to you, make him desperate to win you back not the other way around. He should be grateful and relieved when you let him become your boyfriend again, it'll stop him from doing this again in the future.'

Grabbing a pen, she started to write this down. Who needed relationship columns in gossip magazines when you had a Thinker friend?

She couldn't deny that his words made her smile, Dean was in the wrong here and he should be the one feeling bad, not her.

'As for how to do that? As I said, he's prone to jealousy and if you seemingly move on, it'll make him panic. He's almost certainly expecting you to come back to him, as you have dozens of times. It'll be hard to fool him since he's an Empath, but as I also said before he's almost prone to misunderstandings. Make him jealous, dating you is a privilege not a right and he threw it away, he needs to earn it back. He'll probably confront you, thinking he was right about you sending pictures to other men, but go aggressive and put him on the defensive. Tell him he wasted his chance when he accused you of cheating and you're moving on. I doubt you'll even need to try and fake being offended, since his accusations suggest a considerable lack of trust in you. That's the best I have without meeting him, I can only get so much from videos and second hand information. If I was that powerful, I wouldn't be struggling to work out Midas.'

Huh, the solution to fixing that fact that Dean was jealous was to… make him more jealous? It made some sense to her, Dean had stepped in and stopped conversations between her and other guys before even if they were innocent enough, but if he could sense that they were attracted to her then that made a lot more sense.

She knew she was sexy, and admittedly she enjoyed flirting with people, even if it was just harmless.

But who the hell could she talk into this without giving them the wrong impression? Dennis? No, definitely not. Maybe Chris? No, he'd misunderstand and she was pretty sure he had a crush on her so that'd be cruel. Rory wouldn't play along with dumb teenage drama.

She didn't want to use anyone who didn't know about Dean's life as Gallant because she'd risked their secret identities enough already-

'Quick question. You're male, right?'

'Also a decade older than you.'

Prophet's immediate response told her that he absolutely knew where she was going with this, making her giggle.

'Does that really matter? I'm legal, and we'd just be playing pretend anyway.'

'Remind me why I thought helping you was a good idea again?'

'Because I'm adorable? If you're worried about your identity, we can always meet 'on the job''

'I don't even have an outfit for Prophet, my powers don't lend themselves to action. I prefer to work from a distance. I'm not worried about my identity, I trust you and you've learnt your lesson after this whole mess. Fuck it, are you free?'

'Just hanging around at home, why?'

'I'm overseeing the construction of my new business, wanna come and meet face to face?'

'Wait, seriously?'

'As I said, I trust you.'

Staring at the address he sent, she looked it up and then promptly deleted her message log, she had definitely learnt her lesson.

Opening her window, she simply flew out of it and set off, deliberately taking a long and random path to her final destination, making it look like she was just patrolling (even stopping a mugging in the process).

The Docks were… too quiet, normally she'd have had to stop a dozen crimes instead of just one, and that made her frown. The Merchants were planning something.

For now, she simply landed a couple of streets away from the address he gave her and walked the rest of the way, spotting a building that was far more active than the rest as some men in construction outfits fitted in a new window.

"Victoria, right? The boss is inside." one of them called out, making her nod, giving them a smile and a wave as she headed into the building.

Only one of the men wasn't wearing a construction outfit, drawing her attention to the handsome Asian man as he looked over some papers, talking to a worker.

Spotting her, he patted the man on the back and straightened up, waving her over.

"Victoria, a pleasure to meet you face to face." he said, a cultured… and familiar voice, making her narrow her eyes, which made him chuckle deeply. "We can talk in my office, I don't want to get in the way of the workers, the club is almost finished and I don't want any delays. Follow me." Prophet said, his voice still stuck in her mind.

Following behind carefully, her mind raced as she placed exactly where she'd heard his unique accent before, as Midas taunted the PRT men he had at turret point.

Entering a fancy office, he didn't go for the desk and instead sat down on a leather loveseat, pouring himself a glass of whiskey.

"Ask away, I know you have questions." Prophet asked as she hesitated before she sat down next to him. Why would Midas give up his secret identity like this?

"Who are you?" Vicky asked eventually, making him smile.

"Jin Yukimura, also known as Prophet." Jin answered immediately, taking a sip.

"And Midas?" Vicky asked, making him shake his head.

"The unwritten rules say you can't ask that, but I will say I have a twin brother who I haven't seen in… a few years. I know my brother's style, his handiwork." Jin admitted as she relaxed, her gaze softening.

That had to be hard.

"You think your brother is…"

"I know my brother is Midas, fortunately he doesn't know I'm Prophet, not yet. I don't know what he'll do when he finds out." Jin admitted as she placed a hand on his comfortingly. "I'm not too worried about revealing his identity because… well I'm not sure he ever takes the mask off anyway, if he has a civilian name he actually uses it's not the one he was born with."

Jin

It was only a matter of time before people linked Jin with Midas, both appeared in Brockton at the same time, and my accent is too unique for me to really hide it, I don't have theatrical training and I suck at faking accents. Even if the Thinkers can't link us, I can't count on people being blind and deaf, and I certainly can't rely on the Unwritten Rules.

Jin has a legal background in this world, and my hackers made a few minor changes to add a brother to my family tree.

I looked up my own background, in case I ever get quizzed on it, and both my parents died in a Slaughterhouse Nine attack when I was young while I was presumed dead. Everyone who could claim that I didn't have a brother was murdered, and the altered files should hold up to inspection.

So, this is my new plan. Jin isn't Midas, Jin is Midas's twin brother, who is also a Thinker and is more heroically inclined. It's a dumb plan, but it just might work. And if it doesn't? Well, I'm not that attached to my name and if I have to put my changer power to use, I'll live with someone else's face for a few months while the heat dies down.

It wouldn't even be the first time I had a false identity made, I had one in my past life in case… Well, I had some of the alphabet agencies looking into my business a couple of times, nothing ever came of it but still it was enough for me to want to have an escape plan.

Plans within schemes within plots, I'll keep them guessing.

If I'm going to keep this up, I need more Thinker powers to actually play the parts of two different Thinkers? Which is why I've decided to focus on my Schemer class for now.

[Schemer Upgrade Quest]
Objective One: Have someone not directly working for you defeat one of your enemies.
Objective Two: Blackmail three people successfully
Objective Three: Acquire Blackmail material on three different people [x]

It's a shame that the first and second objective don't count previous actions, or I'd be done with this already.

Besides, having an alter ego that's helping people against me means I'll be able to leverage some level of control against those who are trying to take me down.

Glory Girl

"So, what are you planning?" she asked, making Jin chuckle dryly.

"For now, open my club and work as a cape information broker, a neutral party. I can't act against Midas directly, he's stronger than me, but I can make life difficult for him. Midas's best weapon is that nobody knows anything about him, even I don't know as much as I wish I did, I can change that." Jin said with a slight grin.

"And if he comes for you?" Vicky asked hesitantly, making Jin sigh to himself.

"Well, we'll cross that bridge if it comes to that. There's a reason I'm making alliances with various heroes, maybe I'll even go to the PRT if I have no other choice." Jin said with a shrug, making her nod seriously. "For now, my best weapon is anonymity. He'll find out I'm in the city sooner or later, but the longer I can hide the fact that I'm Prophet the better."

"I promise nobody will find out from me, I go to clubs anyway so me coming here when it's open shouldn't draw any attention…" Vicky admitted, making him chuckle.

"As I said, I trust you. I'm a very good judge of character." Jin said, making her blush slightly. "Trust me, I know what I'm doing."

Shaking her head, she smiled up at the gently smiling man. Deciding to change the subject, to get away from such a gloomy subject as an evil twin brother, she grinned up at him, making him tilt his head slightly before he sighed.

"Soooo~" Vicky said slowly, pressing her side against him as he rolled his eyes and took another sip of his drink,

"You realise that I really don't want to get dragged into teenage drama, right? I escaped this highschool level bullshit a long time ago." Jin deadpanned, making her grin up at him with a playful smile, deliberately pressing her breasts against his arms.

"Come on~ is it really so bad to have a sexy young blonde flirting with you?" Vicky asked, happy for the lightened mood. "You don't even need to do anything, just smile and let the hot blonde teen do all the work." Vicky teased as he rolled his eyes.

"I feel like you haven't actually thought it through, first of all what's the chance that Dean would actually see you flirting with me? Unless you think he'll be here as well." Jin pointed out, making her grin.

"Please, I'm a celebrity. If I come here, I guarantee pictures will end up online, plus I can post them on my various social media profiles and he'll see them that way. Sure, me flirting with an older man won't help my reputation but… eh, it's not like it can make it any worse at this point." Vicky said with a shrug.

People were two-faced and things like this told her a lot about the people she thought were her friends, she'd heard rumours ranging from believable to outlandish.

She'd remember the ones who whispered behind her back and made fun of her later, because she was sure they'd change their minds again the next time she did something amazing.

"Or we can get you a actual hero costume and meet as Glory Girl and Prophet, you need one anyway since if you don't then you won't be protected by some of the unwritten rules, being a public hero has its risks you know, and if you do business as Prophet without a hero identity then people can attack you while you're in your civilian outfit." Vicky warned, making him sigh and nod.

"I suppose you're right about that, this is why I like working over the phone." Jin agreed, making her shrug apologetically.

That would only protect him for so long, he wouldn't be the first thinker to try to never make a public appearance and she couldn't think of a single one that had actually succeeded. They always got tracked down eventually.

"Yup, if you need any help picking an outfit just ask, I'm kinda a fashionista you know~ also my family does business with Parian if you have the money to commission her." Vicky said before she grinned. "But no trying to slip out of this, do I have to beg you to help me make Dean jealous?" Vicky asked, giving him her best puppy dog eyes as he sighed.

"This is a terrible idea." Jin deadpanned as she decides to pull out her big guns, moving from his side and sitting directly in his lap, wrapping her arms around her neck as she gave him a sultry grin.

"You liked the pictures Midas posted, didn't you?" Vicky asked, his breath brushing against her face as she leaned forwards. "I never did properly thank you for helping me, did I?" Vicky asked as she leaned forwards and gently pressed her lips against his, feeling his hands move to her backside, sliding under the short white skirt she wore as Glory Girl.

She could taste the expensive whiskey on his tongue, the rich taste making her grin.

She wore white bike shorts underneath it, not dumb enough to fly around in a skirt, but his hands still gently carressed her ass while she deepened the kiss.

Breaking it, she panted slightly as she grinned at him.

"The rumours were right about one thing, I am a pretty… promiscuous girl, I've never cheated on Dean but we've broken up dozens of times and a girl has needs you know?" Vicky whispered, feeling him grow erect beneath her, the bulge pressing against her undercarriage.

"This is still a very bad idea." Jin replied quietly as she grinned back at him, his hands still caressing her butt gently.

"So?" Vicky replied, reaching up and tugging the top of her white and gold dress down, his gaze drawn to her large pale breasts.

She'd forever deny that she had Amy slowly make them bigger after one of her break ups with Dean.

"Isn't it fun to do something stupid once in a while? Capes don't have the best life expectancy anyway, it's why we should enjoy every day like it could be our last." Vicky said with a smile, why would she get self conscious over her nudity after half the world had seen her nude? "Pretty please, I'll make it worth your while. Why fake it to make Dean jealous and risk him finding out when I can actually punish him for dumping me?" Vicky asked, making Jin sigh despite the lust in his eyes.

"You are… incorrigible." Jin chuckled, making her grin at him.

"So~" she asked in a singsong voice.

"Fine, I'll help you make your dumb boyfriend jealous." Jin agreed with another deep sigh. "But when this all goes wrong, I'd like it to be on record that I called it."

"Is that your big Thinker brain telling you this is a bad idea?" Vicky asked, making him chuckle.

"No, I've used it too much today already, that's why I'm drinking to dull the headache." Jin deadpanned, making her flinch slightly.

Oops, she forgot about Thinker headaches…

"What's telling me this is a bad idea is basic common sense. Having a Ward angry at Prophet isn't exactly a good thing, plus it'll draw more attention to me which will speed up Midas catching on." Jin explained, making her wince again.

She hadn't thought of that either.

"That said, I'm not particularly fond of the PRT, too many rules and regulations, and frankly if I can avoid Midas working it out for more than a week it'll be a minor miracle. I'm already making plans to deal with my brother after he catches on. Though if I get attacked, I'm using you as a human shield." Jin deadpanned, making her giggle as she floated out of his lap and spun around in the air.

"Never fear, squishy Thinker, the big strong teenage girl will protect you!" Vicky said in an over-the-top voice, making him chuckle.

"That reminds me, Midas is a brute." Jin warned, making her pause as she floated back down, staring him down. "I'm not sure how powerful it is, but he could turn his skin to some sort of golden alloy when we were younger. I think he's hiding it as a secret weapon, so be careful if you ever meet him in person. Also, I'm 75% percent sure he's recruited the Undersiders into his organisation, you can tell your mother that as well."

"Oh yeah… sorry about mom, she insisted I give her your number…" Vicky said awkwardly, making him smile.

"It's fine, I expected it and we came to an agreement." Jin said easily. "The PRT will probably want you to hand over my details as well, feel free to give them my number. I might not be in a rush to join them, but having positive relations with them can only help in the long run."

"Got it, it'd be pretty funny if they tried to get Dean to ask me for your number." Vicky admitted, a small grin on her face. "But that's boring talk… you have a half-naked barely legal blonde in front of you and you want to talk about her mom and the government?" Vicky teased, making him chuckle.

"You don't have to do this, I've already agreed to help you." Jin said gently, making her grin as she reached down and grabbed her bike shorts, floating a few feet off the ground as she pulled them down and let them fall to the floor, hovering back over to him and sitting back in his lap without the extra layer of protection.

"Do you want to know a secret?" Vicky whispered, moving his hands to her bare ass, her tiny white thong doing nothing to stop his fingers from groping the firm flesh. "I know why Dean thought I was cheating on him… he can't keep up with my sex drive. " Vicky admitted.

She'd always been a… passionate girl, in almost everything. She just wasn't usually easy. If she was being honest with herself, she was doing this half out of arousal and half out of pure spite.

Dean dumped her for cheating on him after she'd stayed loyal for their entire relationship, like a stupid insecure douchebag. Jin was right… if they were going to get back together it'd be after he came crawling back to her and begged her to take his dumb ass back.

She just wanted to make sure he understood what he was missing thanks to his stupidity.

"Is that so? Last chance to back out." Jin warned, making her grin at him challengingly.

"Dean could never keep up with me, wanna see if a more experienced man can handle me?" Vicky asked challengingly, yelping in surprise as he rose suddenly, using his grip on her backside to carry her over to his desk.

Swiping his arm over it, he sent some paperwork and stationary go clattering to the ground as he tossed her onto it, making her grin even as her forcefield shimmered for a second, even the weak hit of her back against the wood disabling it.

"...I've always wanted to do that." Jin admitted sheepishly, making her laugh even as he moved his hands under her skirt, giving her a look as she nodded, letting him pull her thong down. Lifting it, he gave the damp spot a knowing look as she blushed slightly.

"Not a word." Vicky muttered, making him laugh as he grabbed her crown from the desk, having fallen when he threw her down. Putting it back in its rightful place, she grinned. "I take it, you want me to keep the outfit on?" Vicky asked, making him laugh.

"Who doesn't want to fuck Glory Girl?" Jin chuckled, making her smirk. It came with being a hot female hero, Dean definitely liked it when she wore her cape outfit.

"Then what are you waiting for?" Vicky asked, her legs spreading wider as he undid his belt.

As he unzipped his expensive trousers (and she knew expensive clothes when she saw them), he slowly pulled out an impressively sized cock, a couple of inches bigger than Deans and a good bit thicker as well.

She'd never say Dean had a small cock, but she wouldn't lie and say he was big either. He was very much average in the downstairs department.

Moving between her legs, he pressed the tip against her wet quim and slowly rubbed it along her slit, spreading her lower lips as he did so.

"Are you sure about this?" Jin asked, making her nod immediately. Without wasting any more time, he thrust forwards making her moan as he penetrated her, he wasn't gentle but he didn't have to be, she was a hero after all.

Wrapping her legs around his waist, she mentally taunted Dean, hoping he somehow instinctively knew his dumb mistake had led to her getting fucked by an older man.

It was kinda sexy to be just thrown onto his desk like that, and as he leaned over her and kissed her again, his hand on her breast, she moaned into his mouth and simply laid back and took it all.

"Mhmm, harder~ I can take it." Vicky moaned, feeling his thrusts speed up, their flesh slapping together as her moans filled the office.

...wait, was this place sound proof?

"Yes, every office should be soundproof." Jin added, answering her unspoken question as she grinned. Thinkers were bullshit, but she couldn't talk with super strength, flight and a forcefield… and a love/fear me aura but she didn't like to talk about that.

"Good." Vicky replied, grinning as she let her voice loose and moaned lewdly, her voice growing louder and louder as she enjoyed the feeling of having a fat cock fucking her.

He was slightly bigger than her favourite dildo, though he couldn't vibrate so it wasn't all good.

Moving her hands to his shirt, she unbuttoned it and felt herself grow wetter at the sight of a well muscled chest. She had been worried he'd be out of shape because that was the cliche for Thinkers, but he was kinda ripped.

Running her hands over his abs, she grew tired of just laying back and taking it, and clutching his shirt she flew into the air and carried him with her, it was a shame he couldn't fly because she'd always wanted a mid-flight fuck, but manouvering them both she flew them back to the ground, Jin on his back on the office floor as she straddled him, riding his cock with a grin.

"I'm on top." Vicky said teasingly as she leaned down and kissed him again, her hips bouncing as he gripped her ass again, spanking her occasionally as she yelped.

She could decide what could go through her forcefield, it was the only way she could even have physical contact, and she trusted Jin enough to let him through.

He was there for her when everything was going to shit, and that meant more than she'd admit out loud.

Grinning down at him as she rode his cock, she laughed as his gaze was drawn to her bouncing tits. There were some benefits to letting her be on top, and the show was definitely one of them.

As one of his hands moved from her ass, she took it into hers, their fingers intertwining as she moaned louder, she was going to cum soon, she could feel it.

It'd been too long, she hadn't had the time or frankly the mood to take care of her own needs lately, and she needed this.

"F-fuck…" Vicky whimpered as she sped up her grinding, slamming her hips completely down as she took his entire length before she pulled herself almost completely off, repeating the process as she felt herself start to shudder, biting her lip.

Slamming down, she let out a whining scream as she clenched down on his dick, her juices squirting out as he groaned in pleasure.

As he started to cum, she realised that neither of them had thought about protection but she shrugged a second later, she had a plan to deal with that kind of forgetfulness.

She could feel his load flooding her inner channel, her hand clutching his as she smiled down at him, panting ever so slightly.

"So, round two?" She asked, making him laugh lightly.

"God, Brandish is going to kill me and I'm probably going to hell, but definitely… round two." Jin agreed, making her grin back wildly.

She wouldn't deny that the age difference made this feel taboo… and that was kinda sexy as well.

Flying off him, she moved back to the desk and bent over it, shaking her ass at him.

"First though, I need a drink… want one?" Jin asked, pouring himself a small glass of whiskey as she paused.

"I'm not actually old enough to drink…" Vicky reminded him as he rolled his eyes.

"You're old enough to fuck, old enough to fight Drug Dealers, Nazis and fucking Endbringers." Jin countered as she paused, before shrugging.

"Heh, good point. Like I said, gotta live life like it could end at any minute right?" Vicky agreed as she fly over to him and took the offered glass, taking a sip.

She'd had beer before, and wine on rare occasion but as she sipped at the whiskey she nodded, she didn't know alcohol but it definitely tasted good.

Later

Arriving home, she flew in through the window and looked around guiltily. She'd showered at Jin's place, in his apartment above the club, but if she came back from a patrol freshly showered it was kinda…

Well, her mom knew she wasn't a virgin, she'd caught her and Dean enough times, and was surprisingly understanding, simply reminding her to lock the door and use protection.

But fucking someone she'd met for the first time today might be a little much…

Jumping into the shower again, just as an alibi, she grinned as she remembered Jin pinning her against the shower wall, staring up at him adoringly as she took his length into her mouth.

Turning the water cold, she shook her head and pulled her wandering hands back up.

Hopping out, she wrapped herself up in a towel and headed to her next goal, not bothering to knock as she entered the room.

"V-Vicky?!" Amy yelped, jumping up and grabbing the covers as she dropped her phone, her face paling as she covered her naked body.

"Oh fuck- Sorry Ames." Vicky said quickly, jumping back out as she heard Amy fiddling about inside.

"You can come in now." Amy said, her face burning as she re-entered, looking at the pyjamas Amy had clearly just thrown on.

That was… different, she'd never seen or heard Amy masturbating before-

"Sorry about that, didn't expect you to be… anyway, I need your help again." Vicky said easily, making Amy pause her brows furrowing before she frowned severely.

"You and Dean are back together already?" Amy asked as she took her arm, doing her magic as she got rid of those pesky eggs.

No condom or plan b would ever be as effective as her sister.

"Err- yes?" Vicky half asked, Amy's eyes widening.

"Vicky, what did you do?" Amy asked frostily, making her rub the back of her neck sheepishly.

"Look, it's fine. Thanks, Amy! Love you!" Vicky said, hugging Amy tightly before she did the smart thing and fled the room to avoid any more questions. "I'll leave you to your… well, have fun!" she teased as Amy went bright red.

Amy

She didn't even warn Vicky as her towel slipped, exposing a breast, and as she watched her unbelievably sexy sister flee the room she frowned.

Vicky had been fucked, hard. She could pick up the traces of sex from her touch, she'd worked with enough rape victims to recognise the signs even if Vicky had clearly been a willing participant.

Vicky went out on patrol, around the docks. Vicky was always texting someone, probably a new cape who she knew was named Prophet from overhearing Carol talking to Aunt Sarah. Someone had aimed Carol and Vicky at Midas, putting them in danger.

Prophet had aimed them at him, and she had the strangest feeling Vicky had just gone out to meet Prophet. She had no proof but Vicky wasn't easy despite the rumours.

Prophet fucked her sister.

A Thinker called Prophet is responsible for Vicky and Carol targeting you.

The moment she hit send, she was flooded with guilt and self-loathing, what if Prophet was murdered because of her message?

She'd just put a target on another cape, because Vicky possibly slept with them.

She was scum…

Excellent work, Amelia. Your reward will arrive shortly, and I'll make sure to… reward you in person when next we meet.

Blushing, she opened the file attachment and but her lip as she looked at the dozen or so pictures of Vicky, in a cliche slutty schoolgirl uniform, each picture more lewd as she stripped and posed for the camera.

So why did being wrong feel so fucking good?

Jin

Ahh, Jealousy. Such a powerful motivator.

One day, Amy is probably going to be very unhappy when she realises that the person she was sent to find was also me, but I should have enough control by then that it won't matter.

"Boss, you got another delivery." One of my minions calls out as I gesture for him to enter, watching him carry a gift basket in.

"Place it on my desk." I order calmly, watching him carefully.

"A cape in a cool red suit dropped it off, didn't even try to hide." he reports as I take the card from the top.

Nice work with Grapist, only sad I couldn't get the fucker myself. One day, I want the story, no matter how boring it is, I'll buy the drinks, and introduce you to Puppy. I wanna shake the hand that ended his life. Assault.
(I'm totally on console duty for the next decade, worth it)

The handwriting is barely legible, and he's drawn a little red stick figure of himself giving me the peace sign.

Looking at the offerings, I chuckle as I spot a six pack of good quality beer, a bottle of high-end whiskey and a bottle of wine (with the words 'I don't know wine' written on it)

"You take the beer, give the wine to Jaina." I order as I take the whiskey, it's not quite my brand of choice but it is certainly high quality enough for it to be granted a place on my shelf.

"Sir, yes, sir!" the minion says, saluting as he grabs the beers and wine quickly, fleeing before I can change my mind.

Placing the whiskey on the shelf for later, I smile to myself as I head out of my office and downstairs. My new lair has several exits, leading to other buildings which I've acquired with my new funds, which makes coming and going subtly far, far easier.

I have a meeting to get to, oh, and a war.

Skidmark probably shouldn't be an afterthought, but at this point he really is.

Checking my messages again, I laugh to myself.

Skidmark is attacking your base at 1am

Skidmark really is a shitty leader.

Brian

Being made to wait in the overly extravagant office was doing nothing for his patience as Midas kept them all waiting, but he knew a power move when he saw one.

"Alec, get off Midas's couch." Brian growled, watching his teammate lounge in the expensive looking couch looking utterly comfortable.

"Aww, do I have to?" Alec whined, and before he could retort the door opened and Midas strolled in without a care.

"No, feel free to stay lying down, it makes no difference to me." Midas said easily as he walked past them and took a seat at his desk, Brian glaring at the smiling man even as Lisa slowly entered behind him, absolutely no remorse on her face. "It's a pleasure to finally-"

"Where is my sister." Brian asked coldly, his shadows leaking out slightly, giving him an intimidating aura as he stared down Midas, making the Thinker sigh.

"So much for pleasantries. Safe, and unharmed, despite her attempts to stab me." Midas deadpanned, making his eyes widen as the screen behind Midas turned on, a picture of Aisha glaring at the camera.

"I want to see her." Brian immediately continued making Midas chuckle.

"And you shall, when I decide and not a moment sooner, now quit the petty scare tactics and let's talk like adults." Midas said idly, not even flinching as pure darkness flooded the room. "Really?" Midas drawled, not even standing as Brian moved closer, the darkness covering his actions.

"Brian, don't be such an idiot." Lisa shouted, barely audible through his darkness and completely blocked out as he completely flooded the room.

Reaching Midas, still seated, he pulled out a sharp combat knife and placed it at the seated man's throat, dispelling the darkness just enough so they could talk.

"I have several men sitting outside your sister's cell, whatever you do to me they'll do to her tenfold. If I don't call them off, I've given them free reign in how they deal with her." Midas said bluntly, staring at his helmet with no fear.

"If I take you hostage, I can make you call them off, or I could just flood this entire base and find her myself." Grue warned as Midas laughed, blatantly laughing in his face despite the blade at his throat.

"That would work… if you could make that much darkness… or if she was at this base. You can't, and she isn't so it's rather a moot point, isn't it?" Midas asked in amusement, his eyes widening as he realised his mistake.

Midas had more than one base.

"Reckless actions like this don't suit you, Brian." Midas said as he finally rose from the seat, reaching up and grabbing the knife as his eyes widened, watching his hand turn to gold followed by the rest of his body. "But everyone has a weak point, I should thank Tattletale for exposing yours. I've warned my men to test for master influence before they accept any orders from me, I have prepared for everything you could ever think of doing, now get rid of your darkness and quit this little tantrum before I do something you'll regret." Midas warned darkly, staring at him coldly.

A moment passed, and with a wave of his hand he dispelled the darkness and took a step back, he took a gamble and he lost.

This is why he didn't like taking risks, but Tattletale forced his hand.

"Brian, you idiot, how did you think this was going to go?" Lisa asked immediately as he glared at her, not wanting to listen to her condescending 'I know better than you' bullshit right now.

"Now then, allow me to make something clear. I don't particularly care about recruiting any of you except Tattletale, what I do care about is making sure Coil doesn't have access to your services. With the exception of Mr Laborn and Lisa, if any of you would rather quit the cape life and leave the city, you may leave now." Midas said as he took his seat again.

Looking around the room, he frowned at the sight of Alec grinning to himself on the couch. Hitoshi looked like he was thinking about it before he shook his head.

"Tattletale says you'll help me look after my dogs, and get more." Rachel said bluntly, staring him down.

"If it is dogs you want, it is dogs you shall have. Join me and I'll buy you an animal sanctuary where you can look after as many as you want, with people to help you while you're away." Midas offered, making Rachel's eyes widen.

"...you're not lying?" Rachel asked, making him shake his head.

"I have no reason to, it is an easy enough request to fulfill." Midas said, making Rachel nod.

"I want money as well, dog food is expensive." Rachel added, giving him a challenging look.

"Again, easily done." Midas agreed easily, making Rachel smile ever so slightly as she gave Tattletale a nod.

"I'm just here to get paid, I figure Mr Golden King pays better than our mysterious former boss, plus he was kinda an ass so fuck him." Alec deadpanned. "Can I get a couch like this? I like the golden arms, very tasteful. Ooh ,do I need to get a golden version of my outfit?"

"If you want to, and I'm sure I can arrange for a fancy couch in your room. Along with your large tv and games console of course." Midas agreed, making Alec chuckle.

"So, is that your Thinker bullshit or Tattles Thinker bullshit at work? Actually don't answer that, I don't care." Alec said, lying on his side casually.

"I wouldn't survive solo." Hitoshi admitted with a light glare, or maybe that was just his usual face. He couldn't really tell with Hitoshi sometimes.

"Excellent, it would be a shame to have to kill any of you later if you stayed with Coil." Midas said cheerfully, clapping his golden hands together with a clanging noise.

"So, what happens now… boss." Brian asked with a light growl, he'd bide his time for now but there was no way in hell he was leaving Aisha in Midas's hands.

Sharing a glance with Hitoshi, they mentally nodded at each other, their earlier conversation on both their minds.

"Now? Well, I suppose first things first we should probably deal with the Merchants about to siege this base." Midas said idly, making them all stare at him in disbelief. "Oh don't worry, it shouldn't take long."

...what?

Authors Note: At first a thought the GG scene was too soon, but if dumb teen movies have taught me anything it's that teenage girls are scary with how far they'll for revenge.
"Sanity and happiness are an impossible combination."
― Mark Twain

​
My Discord, come here for porn and also sometimes fics: https://discord.gg/wd3tUYWVCd

My Patreon, I promise to spend any money given to me irresponsibly: https://www.patreon.com/TheDarkWolfShiro​
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:KrecherMB, recon1, Mickyboiya and 1,284 others
The Dark Wolf Shiro
Jun 11, 2021
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 09: The Feeble Storm
View content
The Dark Wolf Shiro
The Dark Wolf Shiro
Everyone Hail to the Pumpkin King
JoinedApr 1, 2019
Messages9,336
Likes received960,957
Jun 17, 2021
Add bookmark
#1,182
Disclaimer: I own nothing but my own original characters and works, if you recognise it from somewhere else, surprise it isn't mine.
Discord Link: discord .gg/ wd3tUYWVCd
Pat reon Link: Pat reon .com/TheDarkWolfShiro
Betad by morde24

The Guild of Gamers: The Supervillain
Chapter 09: The Feeble Storm

Lisa

"What?!" Brian asked, frozen at Midas's idle statement.

"Roughly three hundred Merchants, along with Skidmark and Whirlygig, are headed in this direction as we speak. They're armed, some with tinkertech rifles, drugged to high heaven, and trying one last desperate push to stop me from winning our little war." Midas said, still unconcerned as he stared at them.

"You have a spy in the Merchants." Lisa stated, making him chuckle.

"Do I? Maybe I'm just a mind reader?" Midas teased, making her lips twitch at her own bullshit being spewed back at her. "Lisa, I want you to take Grue, Regent and Puppeteer. Your job is to capture Whirlygig mostly unharmed. Rachel, you're sitting this one out. You don't have your dogs with you and I wouldn't want to risk them against tinkertech weaponry anyway." Midas continued, making Rachel frown before she smiled ever so slightly and nodded.

"And me?" Brian asked, half glaring at Midas. He was being way too obvious about his upcoming betrayal, she'd have to keep an eye on him and Hitoshi, if they caused Midas trouble it'd come back to bite her.

"You'll be with me, blinding the Merchants as they approach. Can you cover the entire grounds around the warehouse?" Midas asked, making Brian pause before he nodded.

He'd behave until he knew where Aisha was, or he had enough support that he thought he could rescue her.

Yeah, he was definitely going to be a problem and Midas had probably already noticed the same thing.

"Whirlygig is your spy, then?" Lisa asked, making Midas nod with a smirk.

"Skidmark has lost the faith of his men, he had close to six hundred men before all this, but a lot of them are either crippled or have fled to avoid having to fight me. Use the back passageway out of here and sneak around, she'll put up a token resistance at most. One of my men will show you the way." Midas ordered as she nodded, spotting the waiting minion.

Following him, Hitoshi and Alec followed her (with some reluctance to actually get up on Alec's part), and as she was led through a long passageway, she realised something.

This entire base was fake, and with several secret passageways out, the one they took leading to an abandoned building down the street, Midas could have hidden its location.

He wanted to be attacked.

Heading up to the buildings roof, they snuck towards the edge and looked down at the street, hundreds of drug-addled Merchants slowly congregating around the walls, hesitant to actually head inside.

She could spot Skidmark himself standing on the top of one of Squealer's creations, a car made of junk that was far more durable than it looked… and had two mini guns attached to the sides.

Skidmark had them all take new designer drugs, they've suppressed their ability to feel pain, the drugs are untested and will kill one in three of the users. Skidmark knows he's lost, he just wants to hurt/kill Midas before he skips town and tries to start again somewhere new.

Spotting Whirlygig she frowned at the sight of her standing next to Skidmark in the middle of the group. Her frown changed immediately into a smug grin as Whirlygig subtly checked her phone.

She just needed to bide her time, because Whirlygig would put herself in a vulnerable position to take herself out of the fight. She wasn't sure what the deal they'd made was, trying to use her power on anything that involved Midas just resulted in bullshit, but she could work out enough.

As the Merchants were pushed to start moving forwards by Skidmark, a cloud of darkness poured out of the warehouse, freezing them in place as Brian filled the yard with shadows, everything in between the walls and warehouse cloaked in darkness.

They tried to stop pushing forwards, but it was too late, the first asswave of Merchants who had already started to cross the yard, and as they were covered in shadows, the screaming started.

Then the gunshots.

While Skidmark was distracted, Whirlygig made her way to the edge of the group, coincidentally putting herself closer to the building they were hiding themselves in.

"Puppeteer, she's close enough to hear you." Lisa said calmly, ignoring the dirty look Hitoshi gave her as he headed downstairs again.

As gunshots and screams filled the night air, Hitoshi simply opened the front door to their building and shouted Whirlygig's name, not loud enough for it to reach Skidmark as he fired a mini gun at the warehouse blindly, but enough that she turned.

"Are you-"

Freezing in place, Hitoshi gave her a sardonic smirk as he ordered her to follow him and headed back inside.

That was their part done, thank Scion for that. She didn't want to be anywhere near the battle itself.

Jin

Skidmark didn't have a terrible plan, and a horde of drugged up lunatics is a dangerous thing as whatever they had been taking clearly suppressed their self-preservation instincts, charging at the warehouse with reckless abandon.

The problem with this kind of plan is that it falls apart if the person you are attacking has any kind of preparations in place.

"How many more fear gas grenades do we have?" I ask, sitting down without a care as I listen to the screams and gunfire.

"Three, sir." one of my minions reports as I nod, the first barrage caught close to fifty Merchants and took them out of the fray, trapped in an inky black darkness and pumped full of fear gas, they're a bigger threat to themselves and their 'allies' than they are to me and my men.

Mostly because this base is mostly empty, I have a considerable amount of combat minions of course… they just aren't here.

They're in the buildings behind the Merchants.

It's a shame I couldn't steal Skidmarks tinkertech weapons before this started, but from what I've seen they are the bargain bin equivalent of tinkertech, more dangerous than regular automatic rifles but frankly not by much.

The biggest threat is the car, one of Squealer's creations. I've interrogated her on the durability of her creations and if she is to be believed, I'd need far heavier weapons than I have at the moment to destroy it.

Of course, that's not a problem either.

Dr Crane sent me nine gas grenades, three of which I had thrown into the front of the pack, three I held in reserve…

And the other three?

The problem with Merchants is that they are so… varied, aside from bad hygiene and a drug addled stare, they look like regular people. Junkies come from all walks of life, after all.

No gang signs, tattoos, or uniforms, and there's so many of them that they don't see a stranger as suspicious.

Skidmark

Watching his bullets fly into the darkness, he knew he was hitting the building, but he had no idea if he was even hitting anything important.

He hadn't counted on the fucking Undersiders showing up, and he was already considering cutting his losses.

He had two cape- where the fuck was Whirlygig?

Looking around in confusion, he tightened his grip on his weapon and swore, glaring at the warehouse as darkness poured out of the windows.

He had one cape, himself, and even if the Undersiders weren't exactly fighters, Midas obviously knew he was coming and prepared in advance.

It's not like he could make a couple hundred drug-addled men marching down the street subtle.

He was going to kill Midas, but it was looking like it wouldn't be tonight.

"Boss!" a voice shouted, getting his attention to the approaching man, and looking at him he paused for a moment.

Who the fuck was this guy? His stare was far too focused to be one of his men…

"Midas sends his regards." the man said, making his eyes widen as the man pulled his hand out of his pocket, a grenade in it with the pin already pulled.

Turning his gun towards the new threat, he was too slow to stop him from simply tossing the grenade towards him, a thick orange gas spewing from it as it hit him in the chest and fell, bouncing into the car he was standing on top of.

The man fled immediately, running through the crowd as Skidmark froze, the moon turning a dark orange as all his men turned to him, their faces twisting into an unnatural grin as their skin turned to gold, each of them marching towards him as he pulled the trigger, firing into the crowds without hesitation.

Watching the bullets bounce off the golden men, he dropped back into the car, closing the hatch he had been standing out of, and seeing another golden man in the driver's seat he pulled out his pistol and unloaded his entire clip in the man's head.

Kicking the man out of the car, he closed and locked the door, grabbing the wheel and slamming his foot down on the pedal, costing the car in a field as he made his decision.

He had no idea what the fuck was happening, but he knew he was wanted nothing to do with it.

Jin

...he ran away.

Well, not before firing a minigun into a crowd, running over a couple dozen of his own men and turning on the miniguns attached to the car and killing a bunch more.

From the camera feed, I can see two more clouds of fear gas in dense parts of the Merchants forces, and as the fear-crazed men turn on each other, screams shouting and violence filling the night air, I shrug to myself.

I would have liked to kill Skidmark and make sure he doesn't become a problem in the future, but the Merchants end tonight either way.

I wanted to put on a show for Scarecrow, and recruiting Crane is more important than finishing off a D-class villain barely worth the air he breathes.

"All forces open fire on the Merchants." I order over the radio, resting my head on my hand as I watch the camera feeds, my men moving to the rooftops and windows of the buildings we commandeered, firing into the crowds of drug-addled fools.

The realisation that Skidmark had tinkertech weapons made me reconsider my original plan of being more active in the battle. I'll wait until a better time to introduce myself as an actual threat beyond just being a Thinker.

The important part is that I've basically already won, Skidmark was never going to be an actual threat, he was just a pebble in the road to my far stronger enemies.

Lung and the ABB, Kaiser and the Empire, Coil and his mercenaries and of course the PRT themselves.

"Brian, you can stop now." I say idly, watching as the cloud of darkness stops pouring out of my warehouse windows, the dark fog slowly dissipating.

As my view becomes more clear, I raise an eyebrow at just how many bodies are littering my front yard. It's a good thing I'm moving soon because cleaning this is going to be a pain.

"Brian, use the secret passageway and leave, I'll be in touch soon." I order after a moment, I'm definitely not taking him anywhere near the base I have Aisha in. "Oh, that reminds me. Tattletale is the leader of the Undersiders now, treat her words as if they came from my mouth."

"Sir, the Merchants are routing." one of my men reports, making me pause.

Is it wrong that I'm disappointed at how easy this was?

"Let them go, then begin the cleanup. Finish off anyone who is still trying to fight, then start gathering the bodies."

"And the wounded?"

"What wounded?" I ask, I was leaving them alive but crippled before to send a message to the other Merchants, but after tonight there won't be any Archer's Bridge Merchants."

"Understood."

Honestly what comes after this is going to be far harder than this, taking territory is easy, holding it is a far more complicated process.

Later

Standing in the yard, I look around in approval as my workers drag the bodies of the Merchants to one of the massive corpse piles. I'm really glad I can make borderline-magical incinerators to deal with bodies.

How do they work? I haven't got a fucking clue, voided go in and nothing comes out.

They've also been gathering up the weapons and ammo left behind, no point letting it all go to waste after all.

As the revving of a motorbike fills the night, I let out a sigh of annoyance. I have things to do and dealing with this isn't even on my list.

Turning to the direction of the revving, I watch as Armsmaster's bike comes to a stop at the open gates to the warehouse, the blue armoured hero dismounting and approaching me slowly, halberd in hand.

Seriously?

"Is there something I can do for you, hero?" I ask idly, unconcerned at the scowl on his face as he looks over the battlefield, Merchant corpses piled up by my minions. "I'm rather busy, as you can see."

"Midas, I'll give you one chance to surrender quietly." Armsmaster says as his halberd lights up with a blue glow and an impressive hum.

"Odd, I was under the impression that the PRT was being its usual useless self, waiting and seeing how this little war would go." I say idly, still unconcerned as he approaches, I can feel the glare beneath his mask as he stares at me.

"Skidmark was left alone because he was too incompetent to ever pose a real threat to the city, beyond worsening the already worn down parts the Merchants claimed. You are far more of a threat." Armsmaster admits calmly, making me chuckle. "The PRT isn't going to just sit aside and let you get settled in."

"I'm honoured that you hold me in such high esteem, but if you think I'd ever just give up after claiming such a tasty chunk of the city for myself, you're delusional." I counter, making his lips quirk slightly.

"I didn't expect you to be smart enough to take my offer." Armsmaster admits dryly as he brings his weapon to bare, moving faster than I expected with his power suit helping him as he closes the distance, his halberd at my throat as he stares at me coldly. "As I said, you're under arrest. This little war of yours claimed more lives than a dozen other cape fights combined." Armsmaster says as he nods over at the piles of dead Merchants.

"Well, I can hardly be blamed for the poor decisions of drug-addled fools." I deadpan, lifting my hand and calmly pushing his halberd away from my throat.

He's close, too close for comfort, but as he pushes it back against me, I internally smile.

"Tell your men to stand down, there's been enough bloodshed for one night." Armsmaster says calmly, unconcerned by the dozen or so minions still cleaning up, the rest already headed back into the base as I sigh. The funny thing is that they never even stopped the clean up, ignoring his presence as they worked.

Pushing my hand off the pole of his halberd, I press it against his chest, touching his power armour as he goes to step back, but it's too late for that.

This is why you shouldn't pick a fight with a cape when you don't know their capabilities.

Blue becomes gold as he freezes in place, barely able to move as the chest, then arms of his armour turn to solid gold, quickly spreading over his entire suit and helm.

"Honestly, Armsy, what on earth would make you think just walking up and demanding my surrender on the eve of my glorious succession would work? I do hope that armour wasn't expensive, but I have heard Tinkertech is worth its weight in gold." I taunt, watching him try to move with very little success, encased in his own armour.

Gold is somewhat malleable, in its purest form, but I've been experimenting and I've found with a little effort I can change things to the same golden alloy that I turn into.

Which is both worth less, because it's not pure gold, and weighs a considerable amount more. Since it isn't living gold, it's very much immovable, leaving him trapped in place.

"Speaking off…" I deadpan, grabbing the halberd. I've deliberately made his gauntlets into pure gold so I'd be able to move them, and with a yank I rip his halberd from his frozen grasp and smirk as he almost growls at me, the most emotion he's shown so far. "I gratuitously accept your tribute to the new King of Brockton Bay, I'll find a place of honour in my treasury for it." I say, passing it over to a minion.

"Undo this and return my weapon, you don't want to deal with the repercussions of kidnapping a Protectorate hero." Armsmaster warns me, making me laugh in his face as I walk up to him and place a hand on his chest, casually pushing him and watching as he falls backwards, a loud clang echoing as he hits the ground, still frozen in place.

"You're right, I don't. Men, take Armsmaster and throw him out into the street, I'm sure someone will come looking for him sooner or later." I deadpan, ignoring his barked orders as four of my minions pick him up with some difficulty and carry him out of the grounds around the warehouse and into the street, placing him in the middle of it, still frozen in his aggressive stance.

Now then, Skidmark has run for the hills and the Merchants are almost finished, so it's time to secure my claim on this land and make it my own.

Colin Wallis (Armsmaster)

Two hours, roughly.

That's how long he'd been left as a statue in the middle of the road, before a PRT van showed up and picked him up, taking him back to the Rig, still sealed inside a shiny golden power armour. Midas's men had blatantly ignored him and the new crime lord himself had just wandered off, leaving him staring at the street unable to even turn his head.

Their intel had been completely wrong, Midas was far from just a Thinker.

After getting back, they'd had to use his own tools to literally cut him out of his armour, the strange golden alloy making it very difficult thanks to its toughness and how close it was to his body.

"Was I not clear enough when I said that nobody was to engage Midas until we had more information?" Piggot growled, glaring at him with an unhealthy flush on her face.

"You were." Colin admitted, in his civilian clothes.

"Then would you like to explain what the fuck you thought you were doing?!" Emily shouted, spittle leaving her mouth as she glared at him. "Do you understand just how bad this is for us?"

"My orders came from a higher authority. Chief Director Costa Brown gave the order for Midas to be apprehended if he succeeded in defeating Skidmark and the Merchants. I saw an opportunity after Midas sent most of his men and capes away, against a Thinker and his unpowered followers I should have been able to-"

"But you couldn't. Damnit Colin,you're usually smarter than this." Piggot grumbled. "How hard is it going to be to replace your bike, armour and halberd?"

"...he took the Armscycle?" Colin asked as he froze.

"He turned it into gold, had his men carry it into his base, and later posted pictures of it and your halberd in a fucking trophy room on PHO, along with a video of how easily he beat you." Piggot deadpanned, making his face turn an unhealthy, chalky pale, an undercurrent of rage starting to push through his cool exterior.

He'd been working on his bike for years, and his halberd was one of the first things he ever made, constantly upgraded over his years of heroism. He had spare halberds of course, but he liked that one as illogical as it was.

His armour was an expensive loss, but it was replaceable… and while his bike and halberd could be recreated in time, he was far more attached to them both than he was willing to admit.

"With the right resources, I should be able to replace them all within the month. I have a spare halberd." Colin said slowly, making her scoff.

"I've seen your tinkertech budget, you've been exceeding it for years. I'm not increasing it to make up for your stupidity." Piggot said coldly, making him scowl deeply.

"Without my equipment-"

"If you want a raise, go ask Costa-Brown." Piggot said nastily, a mean look in her eyes. "Maybe I'll bring it up when I ask her why she saw fit to bypass the chain of command for an operation in my city. Now get out, start rebuilding your armour, you can use a PRT car for now. Stay away from Midas, I'm giving Dauntless the same order, we can't risk him just turning irreplaceable or expensive gear into gold."

Going to respond, he paused and decided to cut his losses, she wasn't going to be reasonable any time soon anyway.

He'd made an error in judgement, but it was the faulty information he had that led to his defeat, in a rematch he would be able to easily beat Midas as it seemed apparent Midas needed to touch his target to turn things to gold.

...in hindsight, saying he was surprised that a villain named after a mythological figure that could turn things to gold could in fact turn things into gold sounded a lot dumber now.

Piggot was right about one thing, he couldn't risk going near Midas again until he knew the limits of his power, as losing his gear was painful.

Reaching his lab, he paused for a moment before he loaded up PHO and started to read. Less than a minute later he turned it back off, the sheer amount of mockery aimed at him straining his already frayed temper.

"Colin, are you alright?" Dragon's voice called out, making him take a deep breath.

"I take it you already know?" Colin asked, her silence telling him enough. After a long moment of silence, she responded.

"I do. Midas's has made sure your defeat is well known, I'm afraid." Dragon admitted as he sighed. "It's not like you to be so reckless, what happened?"

"The Chief Director asked me to bring Midas in, she asked me personally. You know my career has stalled, I thought this was my chance. My scanner told me that all the fallen Merchants had been killed by small arms, I mistook that to mean that Midas didn't have any combat powers, relying on his men to fight for him." Colin admitted, making her sigh.

"Midas did manage to play that close to his chest, even with such a blatant name. I have to wonder how powerful he actually is. What are you planning to do?" Dragon asked as he started up his nano-forge.

"Rebuild my armour, study Midas, develop a counter so he can't do it again." Colin said simply, Midas moved at very much human speeds, keeping out of arm's reach would be fairly easy, as long as Midas wasn't hiding even more powers.

...which was entirely possible, and this was why you didn't rush to pick a fight with mystery capes, you never knew which power was going to be a hard counter for your own.

Jin - Next Day

The clean up was fairly simple, if you ignore the storeroom of bodies at the old base, slowly being fed into the incinerator.

But now it's time to both secure my territory, and far more importantly… clean it.

My combat minions are patrolling openly now, armed as they provide a show of force and delay the inevitable ABB invasion.

The Empire shares no borders with me, and the ABB is mostly distracted with the Empire but it's only a matter of time before they make an attempt.

My workers are also out in force, but they have a much simpler set of orders.

I want my territory cleaned up, figuratively and literally.

I've had my combat minions patrol my new territory for two reasons, one is to give a show of force and make it clear to the other gangs that we won't be easy to dislodge, and two… to do what the PRT couldn't and lower the crime rate in the former Merchant territory.

If you are caught pickpocketing, we'll break your hands. If you're caught mugging or assaulting people, we'll break a lot more. If you try and rape people in my territory, my men will make sure you don't have the equipment to become a repeat offender. Kill someone and we'll kill you. I intend to be the judge, jury and executioner of my territory.

My workers are out there already, cleaning the streets more literally as they get rid of the garbage that litters the streets (into the magical incinerator it goes, where it stops nobody knows), painting over the graffiti and gang signs, and once that's done they'll start repairing the decrepit buildings, fixing broken windows and making this place a good place to live.

If anyone is dumb enough to graffiti on my freshly repainted walls, I will kill them myself.

I've also had my men start to make banners with my chosen emblem and hang them around my territory, a black background with the image of a golden skull wearing a fancy crown, with an equally golden wreath behind it. God help anyone who defaces one of them.

Welcome to the new and improved Boat Graveyard and Trainyard, where you're perfectly safe as long as you aren't stupid.

This is a costly venture, but it will be worth it in the long run, plus I plan to start collecting protection money from the various businesses that managed to survive in Merchant territory, along with opening a few more.

It's going to be a long and difficult mission but I want the people living on the Boardwalk to look over at my territory with envy.

There's more problems to be solved of course, like the rampant homeless problem, the horde of junkies left behind by Skidmark (who was seen driving out of the city at close to 230mph) and other issues, but I already have a plan to deal with the first two.

You see, my research tree did something very interesting after Amy agreed to work for me to protect her sister, and it certainly got my mind racing.

Amy

It was sad how easily she could leave the house without anyone noticing or even caring. Carol was at work, Vicky had already gone out and Mark was… Mark.

Heading to the location Midas summoned her to, she headed inside and pulled her hoodie down as she spotted one of Midas's men waiting for her.

"Follow me, Miss Dallon." He said calmly, leading her into the basement. She got a glimpse of how widespread Midas's reach was as she was led down a long underground passageway, so long that they had to use a quad bike to get to their destination, but as she reached what could only be Midas's base, entering through a large secure looking door, she sighed as she spotted Midas's smirking face.

She had no idea where in the city she actually was, not after a drive through those twisting passageways, which was probably why he was willing to actually meet her in his base instead of another random apartment.

"What is it this time?" Amy asked, staring up at Midas's smug face.

"I require your assistance with a small matter, follow me and we can talk when we arrive." Midas said calmly, turning and heading deeper into his base.

A part of her was afraid when she realised just how.. active his base actually was, countless men and women bustling around, going about their business (only stopping briefly to salute their leader), she never realised just how large Midas's operation actually was but given stories of him defeating the Merchants she supposed she shouldn't have been so surprised.

Heading into a room with white walls, she paused as she spotted a woman sitting on the edge of a seat, wearing nothing but her thong as her dark skin was left on display.

To the side of the room, there was a strange pod-like bed, and as they entered the woman stood up and approached them (and she was only slightly distracted by the bouncing).

"Panacea, meet Whirlygig. Much like Squealer, she's addicted to more drugs than I knew existed and has more STDs than I care to think about." Midas deadpanned, making Whirlygig shrug slightly as she pulled her thong down.

"And you want me to heal her so you can fuck your new captive without catching something?" Amy said caustically, and with an ever so slight amount of jealousy that she'd deny to her dying day.

"No, on all accounts. She's not a captive, because she switched sides willingly and I don't want you to heal her." Midas said, making her pause.

It didn't escape her notice that he failed to say he wasn't going to fuck her.

"Heh, who knew the perfect lil healer was such a snarky bitch, respect." Whirlygig said with approval. "Also, it's Leah, Leah Mason. It's not like I was usually sober enough to remember to wear a mask." Leah said with a self-deprecating laugh.

"Okay, what do you want me to do then? And why is she naked?" Amy asked, making Midas smirk as he gestured to the pod.

"Meet the healing pod, Amy. You should be proud, if it wasn't for me seeing you use your powers I'd not have been able to make it. If I'm correct, it'll do… exactly what you do, just slower. You're here to make sure it works properly." Midas announced proudly, making her eyes widen in utter shock. "Also, I don't know why she's naked."

"Well, I'm getting a check up right? I've never been to a proper hospital or anything, not got that kinda money, but I've been to a back alley doc a few times and you gotta get naked to get checked over right?" Leah asked as they both paused, staring at each other and then her.

"...no." Amy admitted, making Leah pause before she swore, loudly and repeatedly as she taught her a few new words.

"Fuck. Quick question, would a bullet wound to the leg need the patient to be put to sleep for the operation?" Leah asked, not even needing an answer as Amy stared back. "I should have fucking known something was up when the old bastard gave me a discount." Leah mumbled, muttering death threats and insults at the aforementioned old bastard.

Shaking her head, she focused on the pod with an intense stare.

If Midas was right… he'd just changed the world, and he probably knew it.

"Leah, please get into the bed, we can commit gratuitous acts of violence on him later." Midas said calmly, making Leah stop grumbling as she climbed into the pod, flinching slightly as it lit up with a pale green glow.

Moving to her side, she reached in and placed a hand on Leah's naked shoulder, focused as she examined Leah's disease ridden body.

She actually wasn't as bad as Squealer had been, but it was still pretty bad… and it was getting better.

Her eyes widened as she watched Leah's body slowly correct itself, rotten teeth straightening, her skin healing from the scars and puncture marks, the chemical imbalance caused by years of drug abuse slowly but surely correcting them.

"How-" Amy started, turning back to the increasingly smug Midas.

"That's a trade secret, and one that will remain with me. So, it works?" Midas asked, making her nod dumbly.

Her mind was racing, her heart pounding as she stared at Midas in shock.

This could change everything, even if it couldn't handle more advanced injuries and illnesses, having a few of these at the hospital would cut her work down immensely.

And it was in the hands of a villain.

"It's slow, she'll probably need to spend a few hours in it to be completely healed… but yes, it works." Amy admitted, barely able to believe her own words. "Do you realise how big this is?"

"Oh, absolutely." Midas laughed, making her stare up at him. She'd unknowingly given something game-changing to a villain…

"Leah, stay here and we'll be back to check up on you later." Midas said, making Leah give him an idle thumbs up.

"Stay in the glowing bed, got it." Leah agreed as Midas took her hand and led her out of the room.

Leading her to a very fancy office where everything had golden accents, he took a seat on a black and gold couch and patted the seat next to him, making her sit down.

"You're going to use this to increase your power, aren't you?" Amy asked after a moment, making him chuckle.

"I am, is that so bad? The city was controlled by Neo-Nazi's, a psychopathic dragon and drug addled fools when I arrived… now it's controlled by Neo-Nazi's, a psychopathic dragon and me. That's clearly an improvement." Midas drawled, making her reluctantly nod.

She wouldn't miss the Merchants, and she wouldn't miss the Empire or ABB if Midas beat them as well.

"You could save so many lives…" she continued, making him chuckle as he stroked her cheek.

"And I will, for the right price." Midas agreed, making her sigh. "I promised you a reward for exposing Prophet as the puppet master trying to work against me, didn't I?" Midas said, his hand resting on her leg.

"...you did." Amy agreed, her cheeks flushed slightly.

"It really was invaluable information, you gave me the missing piece to the puzzle, enough for me to work out exactly who Prophet is and why he's so determined to interfere." Midas said, making her eyes widen.

Midas had worked out Prophet's identity... she might have killed a hero out of jealousy.

As Midas burst out laughing, he ruffled her hair.

"Don't worry, I don't plan on killing Prophet. Honestly, my brother's attempts to stop me are almost cute." Midas said as he calmly raised his hand and removed his mask, smirking at her. "Since I don't feel like pretending that you don't know exactly what I look like." Midas chuckled. "Yin Yukimura, it's a pleasure to meet you."

"You- why would you-" Amy stuttered as Midas casually unmasked.

"Because you're smart enough to figure it out eventually, considering that Prophet is my identical twin brother. Jin… he's also currently fucking your sister." Yin deadpanned. "You know, in Chinese Jin means Gold, and Yin means Silver. It's nice to know that my parents picked a favourite so quickly." Yin chuckled, a hint of bitterness underneath it. "But I'm the golden one now, and I can handle my spoiled brat of a brother." Yin drawled.

"So now what?" Amy asked, hesitating as she looked up at his handsome face, blushing as he gave her a crooked grin.

"Well, I don't need Panacea anymore, do I?" Yin asked, making her freeze as her heart dropped.

His healing beds meant he didn't need her anymore, so what did that mean for her? For her family? For Vicky?

"But Panacea was boring anyway, Amelia is so much more fun, and I definitely still want her." Yin teased as he leaned down and kissed her, her eyes widening briefly before she slowly closed them and leaned into the kiss, her mouth opening to allow his tongue access.

As he broke it, she panted slightly as she stared at him.

"You aren't getting away from me that easy, Amy." Yin chuckled, stroking her hair before he grabbed her and pulled her into his lap. "I'm a greedy man." he said, reaching down and grabbing the bottom of her hoodie, pulling it up over her head.

Her t-shirt went next, and she did nothing to stop him as he reached back and unclipped her bra, slowly pulling it off and tossing it aside.

"Heh, Jin can keep his collateral damage barbie doll, I got the better deal here." Yin chuckled as he reached up and gently groped her breast, making her blush. "Although… sisters." he added after a moment.

"Ugh, that's so wrong." Amy said, holding back a moan as he grinned.

"But you'd love it, wouldn't you? Vicky would never return your feelings, but a threesome?" Yin teased as she felt her cheeks growing incredibly warm.

"Shut up…" Amy whispered, kissing him to stop his words from getting to her any more, she could feel him smirking against her lips as his hands moved down her body and undid her jeans, before he slipped his hands under them, groping her ass over her panties.

The worst part is that now she couldn't get the idea out of her head, and Midas could probably arrange it by the end of the week.

Lifting her onto her feet, he slowly pulled her jeans down as she blushed, letting him strip her down to just her panties.

His own shirt went quickly, and as she was pulled back into his lap, she could feel his erection pressing against her, her breasts pressing against his muscled chest.

Grabbing her again, he spun her around and pulled her back against him, her back pressed against his chest as he kissed her neck, one hand slowly moving down her stomach as his other played with her nipple.

As his fingers started to slip under her panties, she spread her legs slightly, giving him more clearance as his finger slowly slid along her shamefully wet slit.

Moaning, she leaned back against his chest and closed her eyes, her mind clouded with pleasure as he slowly pushed his middle finger into her pussy, why did it feel so much better when he was doing it?

He promised her a reward, for the act of selling out a hero and probably dooming them, and here it was… well that and all the pictures she now has of Vicky.

"F-fuck… this is wrong." Amy whined, her body shaking as she pushed her hips forwards and pressed her pussy against his hand, making him chuckle.

"That's what makes it fun." Yin whispered, gently caressing her breast, his fingers pumping into her as she shuddered. "Doing what's right gets boring so very quickly, doesn't it?"

"S-shut it." Amy whimpered, making him laugh.

"Why? Am I wrong? Would you rather be at the hospital, spending every second of your time healing?" Yin asked, speeding up his pumping fingers as she moaned. "You've done what's right for so long, take some time for yourself and just relax."

"I hate you…" Amy lied, her words ringing false as she shuddered again, a low moan escaping her as she clenched her pussy down on his invading fingers as she came.

"Is that so?" Yin chuckled, slowly pulling his hand back, licking her juices clean as she blushed and felt something long and hard pressing against her ass.

Not answering, she looked back at him with flushed cheeks and kissed him again, she liked him better when he couldn't talk.

Hesitating for a moment, she slipped out of his lap and onto her knees between his legs, looking up at him without a word as she undid his belt.

It was fine, she'd been a healer long enough to have seen a lot of penises, and yet… pulling his cock out, she realised it looked quite different when she was on her knees, and it felt different when she was almost naked.

Healing was second nature to her, she was practically apathetic towards it as she ran on autopilot. She'd seen hundreds of naked people, heard every joke and crude offer, but none of them felt as important as this one as she gently wrapped her fingers around his shaft and started to stroke him.

This wasn't healing, it wasn't Panacea and a patient whose name she would forget within the hour, it was Amy and Yin, and it was just about pleasure.

Leaning forwards ever so slowly, she stuck her tongue out and licked the tip of his cock, making it twitch as Yin groaned in pleasure.

Vicky seemed to like it, in the videos she had… and as she looked up at Yin she thought she understood why. She felt… powerful, even on her knees, she felt like she was in control for the first time.

She could feel the pleasure she was causing him, watching his body react accordingly, and it made her feel amazing. She was doing that, her mouth was causing all those changes as she took the tip into her mouth.

Unable to stop herself, she used her power and started to change things, increasing Yin's sensitivity as he moaned in pleasure, unable to control himself as his fingers dug into her hair, pushing her power.

He was loving it… and she was responsible for that.

Was this what he felt when she turned to jelly at his touch?

"F-fuck, Amy…" Yin groaned as she bobbed her head inexpertly, using her powers to cheat as she paid attention to what caused the most pleasure and focused on that.

She liked hearing him like this, when he said her name with such a pleasured groan instead of a smug, knowing tone.

This… felt good, and the feeling of power was almost addictive.

She knew he was going to cum before he even did, and after remembering hearing Vicky complain about the taste to one of her friends, she decided that since she'd already started now, there was no reason to stop as she altered the very semen in his body. She was in uncharted territory and she'd probably get punished later for fucking around with his body like this, but she couldn't bring herself to stop even as the sweet sticky seed started to spurt into her waiting mouth, the taste of strawberries hitting her tastebuds as she smiled around the cock in her mouth. His cock slipped free, and she was still too focused on what she had done to even think about moving as the rest of his load splattered against her face, dripping onto her tits.

This was all so wrong, but damn it felt good to do it anyway.

She'd been made to swear to only use her powers to heal by Carol, but a part of her wanted to just rub it in her face that she'd just used her powers for sex.

"Did you just… make me more sensitive?" Yin asked, panting slightly as she looked up at him hesitantly.

"...sorry?" Amy said, making him laugh.

"For what? That was amazing, Amy." Yin praised, making her face glow red. "...I might need you to undo it though, or Rabbit might just kill me." he added a moment later as she paused before she reached up and tapped his softening length, watching it spring back to full hardness.

"Endurance problems?" Amy snarked, making him laugh. She could think of a dozen ways she could make it so he'd never have to worry about going soft again, but she kept them to herself for now.

"Blushing virgin teens don't get to tease adults." Yin countered, picking her up and tossing her onto the couch.

Her eyes widened as he literally tore her panties off, going to protest. She wasn't ready to actually…

As he dropped to his knees, placing a series of kisses down her chest, to her stomach and then even lower, her protests died in her throat.

She wasn't ready for sex, physically or mentally, but this? This didn't feel bad at all.

A small voice that sounded like Carol pointed out that she could have healed a dozen patients in the time she'd spent with Yin, that Panacea had responsibilities that she was tossing aside to spend time with a villain.

Her moans promptly drowned out that voice, as she came to a simple decision, fuck them.

She was Amy, not Panacea, and she deserved a life outside of healing… even if that life involved supervillains and blackmail but it was a start damnit.

Leah (Whirlygig)

...how long was she supposed to lay here?

They could have at least given her a magazine.

At least Midas smelt better than Skidmark.

Fuck she was bored.

Bonus Scene - Glory Girl

With Midas having beaten the Merchants, things were going to heat up and she knew it. Not only were there hundreds of junkies who had just lost their supplier, but the other gangs would want to test Midas and see if they could just force him into submission and take his hard won territory for themselves. Even if the capes themselves were too busy to attack Midas's territory, she'd already seen ABB thugs lurking around the edge of what used to be the Merchants territory.

That meant more patrols for her, which she didn't mind since it kept her busy and her mind off unpleasant things.

Or at least that was the plan.

"G-glory Girl." Dean said, his voice hesitant as he addressed her, no doubt picking up the anger she was feeling as she glared down at him, well aware that her 'fear me' aura was currently blasting him.

"This is the Girl of Glory?" The girl next to him asked, drawing her attention to the floating woman who was staring at her innocently, tilting her head as a mane of flaming red hair flower down her back, glowing green eyes locked with hers.

She'd never seen anyone who screamed 'cape' as much as this new girl, light orange skin and glowing green eyes weren't exactly subtle after all.

For the first time in a long, long time, she actually felt self-conscious about her looks and figure as she looked over the other girl, the purple mini-skirt doing nothing to hide her long athletic legs, and her tight top exposing her midriff and accentuating her large breasts.

To make it worse, she was truly beautiful, an almost alien ethereal beauty that made her second guess her sexuality for a second before she turned to her ex-boyfriend.

"Who is she?" Vicky asked slowly, trying to keep a hold of her temper.

"This is-"

"Hello, Girl of Glory! My name is Starfire, I hope we can be good friends." the cheerful orange teen said, flying around her in a circle as she left a trail of green energy.

"-Starfire, she's a new hero." Dean finished lamely. "I'm doing a joint patrol with her since she might be joining the wards soon."

"Didn't take you long, did it?" Vicky asked coldly, making Dean sigh.

"It's not like that, Vicky." Dean said cautiously.

"Uhuh." Vicky replied with an icy stare.

"I do not understand, it is not like what?" Starfire asked as she hovered in place, a look of confusion on her face.

"Vicky mistakenly thinks I'm showing you around because I'm attracted to you, because she's being unreasonable as always." Dean said, giving her a dirty look.

"I'm being unreasonable? I'm not the one who dumped you without giving you a chance to explain, you insecure man child." Vicky spat back, Starfire blinking in confusion.

"Damnit Vicky, can we not do this now?" Dean said with a sigh. "The city is on the brink of utter chaos, we can talk about our relationship when things have calmed down."

"You honestly think I'm going to sit around and wait for you to be ready to talk? Fuck that, you dumped me, of you think I'm gonna just politely wait for your insecure ass to realise you fucked up, you're very wrong." Vicky growled.

"I feel like maybe they have forgotten that I'm here?" Starfire said to herself, blinking.

"For fucks sake, Vicky. Just this once, realise that some things are bigger than you." Dean said exasperatedly.

"Oh, I know some things are more important. I've got a new cape friend as well, and he's helped me understand some things I was struggling with." Vicky said as Dean paused, she couldn't see it but she was sure he was feeling her emotions right now, and she didn't even need to fake the arousal at the thought of Jin.

"Are you fucking kidding me?" Dean asked, his usual knightly tone vanishing. "You're already fucking someone else?"

"Like I said, you fucked up. A new friend helped me through all the shit that's going wrong in my life, that you helped pile on, and you know how… passionate I can get. For the record, he's bigger than you, a better kisser as well.. among other things." Vicky taunted as she went to fly off.

This wasn't the subtle plan Prophet had, but Dean deserved to have his mistake thrown in his face. Still, calming she did believe him about Starfire.

"Impressive, Gallant is a very good kisser, your new friend must be most skilled at the kissing!" Starfire added in, making her pause as she turned back to Dean slowly. He might be wearing a full face helmet, but she could tell he was paling as she glared down at him. "Gallant is rather large as well, your friend must be very big!"

"Okay, it's not-"

Whatever Dean was planning on saying was cut off, a pained grunt leaving him as her fist collided with his armoured stomach, sending him flying back as she flew after him.

"...friends? They've forgotten me again, haven't they?"

Jin

Schemer Upgrade Quest Complete!

What?

Wait, I still needed to get someone to defeat one of my enemies, what the fuck is going on?

Glory Girl defeated Gallant, and as Gallant is a hero he's registered as one of your enemies.

…teenagers.

Author's Note: Work sucks, especially when you just want to write. I've had work almost every day for the past week, it's not been fun.
"Sanity and happiness are an impossible combination."
― Mark Twain

​
My Discord, come here for porn and also sometimes fics: https://discord.gg/wd3tUYWVCd

My Patreon, I promise to spend any money given to me irresponsibly: https://www.patreon.com/TheDarkWolfShiro​
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:KrecherMB, recon1, BrawnyMonk5034 and 1,330 others
The Dark Wolf Shiro
Jun 17, 2021
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 09.5: PHOh My
View content
The Dark Wolf Shiro
The Dark Wolf Shiro
Everyone Hail to the Pumpkin King
JoinedApr 1, 2019
Messages9,336
Likes received960,957
Jun 19, 2021
Add bookmark
#1,349
Disclaimer: I own nothing but my own original characters and works, if you recognise it from somewhere else, surprise it isn't mine.
Discord Link: discord .gg/ wd3tUYWVCd
Pat reon Link: Pat reon .com/TheDarkWolfShiro

The Guild of Gamers: The Supervillain
Chapter 09.5: PHOh My

The Cost of Failure

■
Welcome to the Parahumans Online message boards.
You are currently logged in, TheOracleofBrocktonBay
You are viewing:
Threads you have replied to
AND Threads that have new replies
OR private message conversations with new replies
Thread OP is displayed.
Twenty posts per page
Last ten messages in private message history.
Threads and private messages are ordered chronologically.

■

♦ Topic: Midas vs Armsmaster
In: Boards ► Places ► America ► Brockton Bay Discussion
Bagrat (Original Poster) (Veteran Member) (The Guy in the Know)
Posted On Mar 8th 2011:
For the first time in... as long as I can remember, Armsmaster has been completely defeated.

He's lost before, or been forced to pull back against the likes of Lung or Kaiser, but he's never actually been beaten to the point where he hasn't been able to get away since his Ward days, until yesterday.

When he challenged Midas after the battle between Midas's gang and the Merchants in an attempt to arrest Midas before he could finish replacing Skidmark as the ruler of the Boat Graveyard/Trainyard.

And Midas proved that his name wasn't for show as he simply turned Armsmaster's power suit to gold, freezing him in place, before tossing him into the street as a golden statue and going about his day.

A couple of hours later, the PRT showed up and took him away.

Images of Goldmaster
[image] [image] [image] [image]

(Showing page 1 of 102)

►Aloha
Replied On Mar 8th 2011:
With the benefit of hindsight, King Midas having the power to turn things into Gold makes way too much sense.

Still, it's weird that Armsmaster risked taking on a new cape without being more prepared or taking any other Heroes... and two hours for the PRT to show up? They can be slow sometimes, but if this was a official operation they'd have been there immediately.

►Valkyr (Wiki Warrior)
Replied On Mar 8th 2011:
So, Midas is a Thinker/Striker/Possible Stranger?

Making his wiki page is a pain, because nobody seems to know what he can actually do.

And yeah, I'm guessing Armsmaster tried to do this solo, enjoying Midas was just a Thinker/Stranger. It's uncharacteristically reckless of him, but we've seen him do risky things before.

Especially after Dauntless started getting so popular


►Space Zombie
Replied On Mar 8th 2011:
Heh, Armsmaster being a Glory Hound again?

Can't say I'm too sad to see it bite him in the ass

Still, a Tinker losing his armour, weapon and bike? Ouch

►TheGoldenKing (Verified Cape)
Replied On Mar 8th 2011:
Armsmaster seemed under some deluded impression that I'd just surrender myself over to the PRT because he waved his big stick around.

As if I'd ever give myself over to those bureaucrat.

The Halberd and Bike will make a fine addition to my trophy room, and serve as a warning to other would-be heroes.

Oh, and since those pictures are such poor quality, allow me to assist you.

Armsmaster's Defeat, in glorious HD
[video]

►Acree
Replied On Mar 8th 2011:
I know I shouldn't find it funny, but did you see how quickly Armsmaster went from 'Surrender Now' to 'Please don't kidnap me, it's not worth the trouble.'


►Procto the Unfortunate Tinker (Not a tinker)
Replied On Mar 8th 2011:
That's what happens when a Tinker suddenly doesn't have his Tinkertech

I'm pretty sure Armsmaster has like twenty Halberds, but his armour and bike will be much more difficult to replace.

That said, gold is worth a fortune and if melts and sells his now shiny gold armour he might be able to fund huge replacements.

►Uppercrust (Verified Cape)
Replied On Mar 8th 2011:
Perhaps, but the existence of a cape capable of turning metals, or perhaps just anything, to gold will almost certainly effect the value of gold.

It's value comes from its rarity, if it isn't rare then it isn't valuable.

Hmm, the fact that gold hasn't been dropping in value implies that Midas understands this, and if he is selling gold then he is doing so in very small amounts.

That kind of foresight is certainly impressive

►Reave (Verified PRT Agent)
Replied On Mar 8th 2011:
The metal he turned Armsmaster's armor into isn't actually pure gold, actually we aren't sure what it is, because while it looks like gold it is much, much stronger

Cutting him out of his armor was difficult, dangerous and needed us to use tinkertech to do it without hurting him, so I'd advise people try to avoid getting the same treatment, since we think he can turn any inorganic material into gold... like clothes.

So yeah, not real gold... except the gauntlets, which are made of pure gold for some reason. I guess Midas can just decide what he turns it into.


►Thatdude
Replied On Mar 8th 2011:
Okay, yeah... Midas can turn things to gold, very cool

Are we just fucking ignoring the fact that Armsmaster admitted that the PRT have been leaving Skidmark and the Merchants alone because 'they weren't a threat' and 'all they were doing was making the bad parts of the city worse?'

I live in the 'bad parts of the city', and it's always been obvious the the Protectorate heroes didn't patrol here often, but you're telling me the fuckers have just been leaving us out for dry because they didn't feel like dealing with Skidmark, when they obviously could have?!

I know three guys who OD'd after getting grabbed by Merchants, beaten and drugged up, that's how they liked to get new customers, kick the shit out of them and force them to get addicted to their shit

My fucking mother got grabbed and forced to work as one of their hookers until she OD'd, and I can think of a dozen other girls who got raped by Merchants.

But no, Skidmark and his men weren't a threat right?

The PRT can go fuck themselves, and so can Armsmaster

It took King Midas a week to do what you fucks failed to do for years, oh wait... you didn't fail, you didn't even try

Gotta say I'm wondering if Midas is recruiting new gang members, cause right now I'm thinking I'd look pretty good in black and gold.

►FlippinMad
Replied On Mar 8th 2011:
Gotta say, the Merchants aren't going to be missed

Maybe Winslow will be slightly less of a shithole now. Oh wait, it's still full of racist skinheads and equally racist Asians.

Fun

...also, Midas just pushing Armstatue over is pretty hilarious

■

Teen Drama, the Internet Edition

■

Welcome to the Parahumans Online message boards.
You are currently logged in, Gallant
You are viewing:
Threads you have replied to
AND Threads that have new replies
OR private message conversations with new replies
Thread OP is displayed.
Twenty posts per page
Last ten messages in private message history.
Threads and private messages are ordered chronologically.

■

♦ Topic: Drama on the Boardwalk
In: Boards ► Places ► America ► Brockton Bay Discussion
Lolitup (Original Poster)
Posted On Mar 8th 2011:
So, I was doing some shopping along the Boardwalk when I spotted Gallant showing the new cape around (I think her name is Starfire?)

I took some pictures because we've not seen much of Starfire (if you don't count the green trails she leaves around when she's flying, even if they look really cool at night), but as I was about to ask for an autograph Glory Girl showed up and things got... uncomfortable

I recorded it, but they were too far away for audio

[link]

Even still, it was really obvious that things weren't friendly despite GG working with the Wards a lot, and it ended even less so as Glory Girl lost her temper just before she was about to leave, thanks to something Starfire said I think... and punched Gallant so hard he literally flew across the street and got embedded in a wall

(Showing page 1 of 63)

►RedQueen
Replied On Mar 8th 2011:
Oh great, more drama with the Collateral Damage Barbie

It's weird to see her with her clothes on

Are we still working on the theory that Dean dumped her because she was having an affair with Gallant?

►Feychick
Replied On Mar 8th 2011:
Yup

So, Glory Girl cheats on Dean with Gallant, Dean dumps her... and Gallant cheats on her with Starfire?

Or Gallant isn't so gallant and he saw her as a meaningless fling, while Glory Girl thought they had something and now she's pissed because he's moved onto Starfire?


►XxVoid_CowboyxX
Replied On Mar 8th 2011:
Fucking Gallant, are you saying he's managed to bang Glory Girl and Starfire?

I'm not sure what I'm more jealous over, Glory Girl is one the hottest capes in Brockton but Starfire might just be even hotter.

Every guy wants to bang an alien

So, does that mean Glory Girl is single again?

Also, do you think whoever is posting her pics is going to post the next set soon?

►Nondeceptive
Replied On Mar 8th 2011:
Starfire is definitely hotter, more powerful as well if you believe the stories of how strong her blaster power is

She's like the alien love child of Purity and Glory Girl

►Starfire (Unverified Cape)
Replied On Mar 8th 2011:
My starbolts are very hot, yes

I'm quite sure I'm not Purity or Glory Girls daughter, I don't think it even works like that

■

The Villainous AMA

■

Welcome to the Parahumans Online message boards.
You are currently logged in, TheGoldenKing
You are viewing:
Threads you have replied to
AND Threads that have new replies
OR private message conversations with new replies
Thread OP is displayed.
Twenty posts per page
Last ten messages in private message history.
Threads and private messages are ordered chronologically.

■

♦ Topic: I'm a Supervillain, AMA
In: Boards ► Places ► America ► Brockton Bay Discussion
TheGoldenKing (Original Poster) (Verified Cape)
Posted On Mar 8th 2011:
I've been a follower of PHO for a long time, it's an excellent source of entertainment, news and intel, and while I've seen heroes do these before I've never actually seen a Villain do an ask me anything.

I've always seen myself as a pioneer, and with my recent victory over the Merchants I believe it's time for me to open up a bit and let people know a little more about the man who just claimed a considerable chunk of the city.

So, as the title says... I'm a Supervillain/Gang Leader, Ask Me Anything.

(Showing page 1 of 618)

►XxVoid_CowboyxX
Replied On Mar 8th 2011:
Why are you gay?

►Aloha
Replied On Mar 8th 2011:
And Void offers himself up as a sacrifice to our new shiny overlord.

Truly, his sacrifice will be remembered fondly


But stupidity aside, this is pretty cool

What is your gang called? What did you do with Armsmaster's bike and halberd? Why did you choose Brockton Bay instead of another bigger city like Boston?

►TheGoldenKing (Original Poster) (Verified Cape)
Replied On Mar 8th 2011:
XxVoid_CowboyxX
The sexy rabbit girl currently sucking my dick seems rather certain that I'm not gay


Aloha
In truth I haven't actually named my organisation yet, I considered the Golden Kingdom, the Golden Horde, a lot of Golden names to be perfectly honest, but nothing has really clicked with me yet.

I stored Armsmaster's bikes and Halberd in my trophy room, I considered having Squealer work on the bike but it has quite the advanced security system on it abs while watching it repeatedly shock my minions was rather entertaining I decided to just make a display to celebrate my victory over Armsmaster.

[picture of my trophy room] [video of my particular stubborn minions getting shocked trying to ride the bike]

Brockton Bay is a dying city, that's a simple truth and while there are plenty of cities in similar situations I decided this place deserved my Golden Touch more than any other. Besides, Boston has Accord, it doesn't need me.

►FollowMyFluffyTail (Verified Cape)
Replied On Mar 8th 2011:
He's definitely straight~

Tasty too

►Jon_Reeve
Replied On Mar 8th 2011:
Why did you decide to become a villain, instead of a hero? You've implied you want to help the city but why choose to make a gang to do it?

You've claimed the Trainyard and the Boat Graveyard as your territory, quite openly with the banners your minions have been sticking around, what are you planning on doing with them?


►BlearyEight
Replied On Mar 8th 2011:
Do you like pineapple on your pizza?

Did you become a villain because you have daddy or mommy issues?

...what's your favourite movie and song?

►Pop☆Step (Verified Cape)
Replied On Mar 8th 2011:
What are your opinions on neutral capes who may or may not have hideouts in your territory?

Do you do interviews? We've had quite a few requests to bring you onto our show and you'd be the first cape gang leader to do so (Lung refused unfortunately)

Also, can White Rabbit give us the stuff she stole back? Please? Leet can't replace it and she keeps stealing his creations.

►L33T (Verified Cape)
Replied On Mar 8th 2011:
Look, you can keep almost everything you stole, just give me Snitch back!

Do I have to beg? I'll beg!

I'm sorry I said Pop☆Step had a better ass than you, okay?! You have the best ass in Brockton!

►FollowMyFluffyTail (Verified Cape)
Replied On Mar 8th 2011:
Nope~

How else will I film my epic robberies?

But feel free to praise me more, maybe I'll take pity on you~

►TheGoldenKing (Original Poster) (Verified Cape)
Replied On Mar 8th 2011:
Jon_Reeve
The main reason I am a villain is simple, I'm a sinful man. I'm greedy, selfish and too proud to take orders. I plan to save this city, but I'll do it my way and I'll be sure to benefit from it.

Also, the PRT have been... ineffective. I understand their desire to maintain the status quo, but the status quo is a slow and painful death for Brockton Bay, this city is being strangled and I intend to let it breathe again.

I intend to fix the Trainyard and Boat Graveyard. I am going to bring wealth, order and reason to the lands the Merchants have left in ruin.

Many of you have already seen my men cleaning the streets, relating the worn down buildings, repainting over the gang signs. I will not stand for my territory looking like a dump, and I suggest you all keep that in mind the next time you decide that you can't carry an empty can ten metres to a trash can.

I have also ordered my men to maintain law and order in my territory, my law. This land is under my protection, and If you commit crimes in my territory, you will be punished.

It's a simple set of rules, nothing complicated or difficult to remember.

Steal, and we will break your hands. Assault my civilians, and we'll break a lot more. Rape women under my protection and we'll remove your manhood. Kill, and we'll kill you.

I will make this place safe and secure, even if I have to drag you all to a Golden age kicking and screaming.

You should all keep an eye on my territory, big changes are coming soon.


BlearyEight
Well, I did say ask me anything...

I like pineapple, I like pizza. If you put a slice of pizza with pineapple on it in front of me, I'll shoot you.

I likely do have parental issues due to their rather brutal murders, yes.

My favourite song is the Moonlight Sonata by Ludwig van Beethoven, but I'm also fond of Whenever, Wherever by Shakira.

My favourite movie is the Phantom of the Opera, or maybe Mulan


Pop☆Step
I have no issues with you living in my territory, as long as you don't interfere in my operations.

I have no objections to giving interviews, but I am rather busy at the moment.

I've told Rabbit to not steal from your group again, as long as you don't bother us, and perhaps we can come to some kind of agreement over the things she has stolen as Rabbit doesn't actually care about any of it, she just thinks Leets crying is funny.


►Deimos
Replied On Mar 8th 2011:
Okay, this is pretty cool

How long have you had your powers? How much money do you have? Do you collect anything? What was your first crime? What is your most embarrassing crime?

►Feychick
Replied On Mar 8th 2011:
What is your relationship with White Rabbit? If you aren't dating her, are you single? What is your relationship with Squealer? Are you building a cape harem?

Also, who is your favourite hero and your favourite villain?

►ScaryHatLady
Replied On Mar 8th 2011:
Where do you live?

►TheGoldenKing (Original Poster) (Verified Cape)
Replied On Mar 8th 2011:
Deimos
I've had my powers for a long time, as I triggered during the Slaughterhouse Nine's... visit to my hometown, but I have been working in the background for years, gathering resources and followers while I prepared for my rise.

I am rather wealthy, but in truth I spend my money as fast as I get it, fixing a city is expensive work.

I collect trophies from my victories, to remind me of my successes and encourage myself to keep walking the path I have chosen.

My first crime? I cheated on my school tests, breaking into the school and copying the answer sheets the night before. As for my most embarrassing crime, I once stole forty cakes from a bakery after the owner slighted me.

I then ate every single one of them over the course of a week, collapsing into a food coma most nights.


Feychick
My relationship with White Rabbit can best be described as business with a side of pleasure, shes my Henchwoman and a valued cape in my organisation, and as a nymphomaniac she has certain needs that she sought me to help with.

I see myself as single, despite several dalliances with various women. Perhaps I am building a harem, I am King after all.

Squealer is my prisoner and a cape I hope to recruit.

As for my favourite hero and villain? Well, if I had to choose a Hero I think I'd pick Vista, people forget just how experienced and talented she is due to her young age but she's one of the more sincere heroes Brockton has.

My favourite villain is much simpler, it's me.


ScaryHatLady
I feel like answering that question would be dangerous.


►XxVoid_CowboyxX
Replied On Mar 8th 2011:
Will White Rabbit still be posting sexy pics?

What's she like in bed?

Are Squealer's tits as big in person?

►Tin Mother (Moderator)
Replied On Mar 8th 2011:
Well, this is certainly unique, and fun. Also, Void stop being such a... Void before I have to ban you again

If you want to improve the city, are there any factions that you have considered allying with? It will be difficult for you to fix Brockton Bay alone.

How long have you been an active villain?

Is there anything that truly makes you angry?

What is your approach towards dealing with the PRT?

You claimed your main reason for killing the Grapist was to uphold the Unwritten Rules, if so what is your opinion on Poison Ivy mastering Hookwolf and keeping him as a slave?


►winged_one
Replied On Mar 8th 2011:
Why do you exist? Do you know how much you have changed?

Can you stop him?

►Valkyr (Wiki Warrior)
Replied On Mar 8th 2011:
How do the powers you have revealed work? Can you only turn things into gold or can you do other materials?

Do you have more powers you haven't revealed yet?


►FollowMyFluffyTail (Verified Cape)
Replied On Mar 8th 2011:
Of course I will~ I'd never abandon my beloved fans! In fact, I'll be posting better and better ones from now on

I even asked permission from my new master just for you guys~

He got me a new collar and gave me some cream
[picture1] [picture2] [picture3]

End of Page. 1, 2, 3 ... 616, 617, 618

(Showing page 2 of 618)

►TheGoldenKing (Original Poster) (Verified Cape)
Replied On Mar 8th 2011:
XxVoid_CowboyxX
Obviously she will, she does love the camera. In a word, she is insatiable.

Also yes, yes they are.


Tin Mother
I have considered the pros and cons of allying with each group in Brockton Bay, but in the end I believe I will walk this path alone, well... not alone, that's why I'm building my own faction.

I've been an active villain for... well, close to a decade. I turned to crime alone immediately after triggering due to the loss of my hometown leaving me in rather dire straits, but I've always been very, very subtle.

I'm a hard person to anger, even with Skidmark it was just business, but if there is one thing that makes me truly angry it'd be betrayal.

I am happy to leave the PRT alone, as long as they stay out of my territory. They aren't needed here, they had their chance to help this place, and they failed. It's my turn now.

I do respect the Unwritten rules, but in this case I don't blame Poison Ivy for her decision to master Hookwolf. The Empire attempted to strong arm get into their faction, sending one of their most violent capes to force her into submission.

Can you blame her for using her powers to prevent such a fate? I certainly do not.

Masters have to use the gifts fate gives them


winged_one
I exist because I was born, I hope I have changed a great deal, and I believe I can stop anyone if given enough time and information.


Valkyr
My main power is a Striker power that allows me to turn anything inorganic I am touching into gold, I have learnt to change things into two materials so far, pure gold and a golden alloy. Perhaps one day I will learn to change things into other materials, I've been considering how I could turn liquid into molten gold lately.

My Thinker powers are a secret, as are my Stranger powers, I have to be cautious after all.

Do I have more powers? Well, that's for people to find out.

►Laser Augment
Replied On Mar 8th 2011:
What was your childhood like?

Is there anything you have done that you'll never do again?

Have you ever had a job, and if so what was your first job?

What were you like before you were a villain?

Do your minions get health benefits?


►AznBadBoys4Lyf
Replied On Mar 8th 2011:
Why haven't you joined the ABB when you're clearly Asian or Asian-American?


►RedQueen
Replied On Mar 8th 2011:
Is there a place we can send gifts for killing Grapist?

Or is it tribute when it's a King?

Are you going to push the ABB and Neo-Nazis out of the city as well? I'd legitimately become your harem girl if you can get rid of the ABB.

Trust me, it'd be worth it... check your pms

►Screentime (Verified Cape)
Replied On Mar 8th 2011:
Hi, I'm a heroic Tinker who is associated with the PRT (I'm not actually a member, I just work with them)

I was wondering if it would be possible to purchase Gold from you as my designs require a great deal of it and frankly it's so expensive ordinarily that I can't afford to fund my work and it's been holding me back a lot.

I'd be willing to trade tech or favours if your prices are manageable, just remember that I am a hero.

►Roulette (Unverified Cape)
Replied On Mar 8th 2011:
Are you interested in making us both very, very rich?

Hit me up x

►XxVoid_CowboyxX
Replied On Mar 8th 2011:
Are you connected to the shadow organisation that's selling powers in bottles? Is that how you have so many powers?

►Acree
Replied On Mar 8th 2011:
Ignore Void, he's our resident nutjob with a thousand and one theories about everything, and each and every one of them is wrong.

My question is this... have you taken any inspiration from the Marquis?


►TheGoldenKing (Original Poster) (Verified Cape)
Replied On Mar 8th 2011:
Laser Augment
My childhood was fairly ordinary I'm afraid, I was a talented child who was often overshadowed by my brother, now I'm the one leaving a shadow he must live in.

I have worked a few odd jobs, and an office job, but I am a very prideful person and I don't take orders very well. They never lasted.

Something I'll never do again? Hmm, I'll go with hard drugs, I was a wild youth but I hate how they cloud my mind. I suppose alcohol does the same but I do love a good drink.

My minions get fantastic health benefits, ones I intend to extend to the people of my territory soon enough.


AznBadBoys4Lyf
Because I am a King, and royalty does not bow to a Dragon.


RedQueen
It's fairly well known where one of my bases is now, if you send gifts to the warehouse, my minions will ensure they reach me.

For now, my goal is to secure my position and improve the territory I have claimed, but I have no delusions about how the Empire and ABB will respond to a new power, so it's quite possible I will be forced to drive them out of the city.

If I do so, I'll certainly accept your offer. The camera certainly loves you.


Screentime
Possibly, pm me your requirements and perhaps we can come to an agreement. I have no issues working with heroes in the right situation.


Roulette
My dear, is that even a question? Consider my interest peaked.


XxVoid_CowboyxX
I have no idea what you are babbling about


Acree
I did, yes.

People put the actions of the Brockton Bay Brigade on a pedestal, despite the shady methods they used, but the while many people have debated the methods they used to take him down, people often ignore the fact that Brockton Bay ended up in a worse situation with the removal of Marquis

The city needed him, far more than it needs New Wave, and with him Birdcaged then it falls to someone else to step up and take his place.

Nobody else seems willing or able, so I decided that somebody should be me.


End of Page. 1, 2, 3, 4 ... 616, 617, 618
■

Authors Note: Just a little chapter full of PHO sections I wanted to do
"Sanity and happiness are an impossible combination."
― Mark Twain

​
My Discord, come here for porn and also sometimes fics: https://discord.gg/wd3tUYWVCd

My Patreon, I promise to spend any money given to me irresponsibly: https://www.patreon.com/TheDarkWolfShiro​
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:KrecherMB, recon1, Mickyboiya and 1,318 others
The Dark Wolf Shiro
Jun 19, 2021
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 10: The Dust Settles
View content
The Dark Wolf Shiro
The Dark Wolf Shiro
Everyone Hail to the Pumpkin King
JoinedApr 1, 2019
Messages9,336
Likes received960,957
Jun 29, 2021
Add bookmark
#1,717
Disclaimer: I own nothing but my own original characters and works, if you recognise it from somewhere else, surprise it isn't mine.
Discord Link: discord .gg/ wd3tUYWVCd
Pat reon Link: Pat reon .com/TheDarkWolfShiro
Betad by morde24

The Guild of Gamers: The Supervillain
Chapter 10: The Dust Settles

Miscellaneous Merchant Minion

The fall of the Merchants meant the end of the good times, at least for him.

As a high ranking Merchant, he had all the money, women and drugs he could ever want. If he saw a sexy bitch, he could have her bouncing on his cock by the end of the day, it didn't matter if she was married, had kids, was a kid, or if she wanted it, because this was their turf and they fucking ruled.

Until some golden cunt showed up and ruined it all for them.

But he was a survivor, it's why he stayed back and didn't join the others in getting shot up with mystery drugs for the big assault, it's why he was at the back of the pack, and it's why he cut his losses and ran for the hills, which is exactly what Skidz himself did just a few minutes later so he didn't feel particularly bad.

So now he just needed to grab some cash and move on to greener pastures, he couldn't join the Empire or ABB cause he was black and that meant it was time to ditch the city entirely.

Spotting a mini-mart that had one of the creepy banners Midas was hanging around displayed proudly in the window made his target easy enough, might as well stick it to the bastard who ruined the good times before he left.

The man behind the counter had been completely calm, just folded immediately like the pussy he was and emptied the till and safe, and he'd been out in minutes a few grand richer and a lot happier, and as he was leaving he realised something.

…had the Trainyard always had so many cameras?

Running through the alleyway, a duffel bag in his hands and a backpack on his back, he realised that no, no they did not.

As a black car pulled up at the end of the alleyway, he froze and went to turn and run back the way he came, freezing again as a pair of very large men walked into the alleyway, black and gold jumpsuits telling him exactly who the frowning men were.

Dropping his bag, he went for his gun and screamed as the unmistakable feeling of a taser putting fifty thousand volts through his body as he dropped to the ground, twitching painfully as one of the men calmly took his gun away.

Taking the bags, he let out a sigh of relief as they took them to the car, a feeling which was promptly ruined when he saw them start pulling out long black batons (with fucking gold highlights) and pass them out as they advanced towards him menacingly.

Unable to move, he didn't even have a chance to defend himself as they just started raining down blows on him, not a word said as they stared down at him in disgust, their metal batons breaking his bones with ease in the hands of these unnaturally strong men.

He lost consciousness quickly, and when he came to, he was naked, bloodied and bruised… at the edge of the PRT territory, the former Merchant territory behind him and the words 'Thief' spray painted in gold onto his chest.

Bob, the legally blind guard minion

"Here you go, chief." Bob said, tossing the two bags in front of the shopkeeper, making the old Asian man chuckle as he looked through them. "A few grand, a twelve pack, some cigarettes and a chocolate bar. Guy had good taste in beer, shame he had shit decisions in everything else." Bob chuckled, his bloodied baton still strapped to his waist.

"Heh, keep the beer, your boss said he'd keep my shop safe and damn if he didn't deliver. The cops would have taken weeks to tell me my money was gone, even if they managed to catch the fucker. You kill him?" The old man said, making him chuckle.

"Nah, boss wants 'responses appropriate to the crime', can't kill unless the target killed someone." Bob answered, taking the offered beer. "We just broke a few bones, stripped him and tossed him out of our territory. If he comes back, the boss says we can 'escalate', we have his name and face now."

"Works for me, you boys do good work. What your boss is asking for his protection each month isn't even a tenth of what the Merchants would rob in a month, and I'd rather make a direct payment than have some twichty junkie take it at gunpoint." the old shopkeeper said, patting him on the back. "You boys ever need a drink or a snack while you're doing your rounds, you come see me." he said, picking up the bag full of money with a little effort.

"Will do, but I gotta run. Some dumbass is trying to mug people three blocks over and I'm gonna go introduce them to Old Whacky." Bob said, patting his baton as the old man chuckled again, heading inside with a wave.

Making a mental note to have one of the techies watch the cameras around this street a little more seriously as he headed off, putting the beer in the back of the car.

It was pretty good to be on patrol duty, you got to beat people up and get thanked for it.

What more could a guy like him need?

Jin

Laying back on the bench, I mentally count as I lift the weights. I'm not using my golden form of course, I don't think working out with golden metal muscles would have any effect but I have a theory that the stronger my base form is the stronger I will be in general. Besides. working out was a good distraction from all the planning and paperwork.

I have made my bones golden, which makes me considerably heavier and noticeably slower than normal but it's something I'll have to get used to as I don't want to leave myself without at least a single layer of protection, even if that layer is under my skin.

I considered making my internal organs gold as well, but decided against it since I realised I was forgetting to breathe and that's something easily noticeable for anyone even remotely observant.

If I'm in a situation where I'm expecting danger, I'll turn my organs golden as another layer of protection, skin and flesh really isn't that important and more importantly I can just use the healing beds to fix it.

I've made a new gym, in my personal quarters because while I like my minions, working out in a room with a dozen loud, sweaty men was rather distracting.

"Boss~" Rabbit's teasing voice says as I calmly continue pumping iron, glancing over at her as she practically prances into the room, Whirligig, or Leah, following behind her awkwardly.

The cause for her awkward behaviour is fairly obvious as I give her a quick once-over, her baggy clothes replaced with nothing but a small white thong and sports bra, and her long hair trimmed and placed in a ponytail, her face on display instead of hiding behind her long bangs.

"Rabbit, Leah." I say, greeting them easily as they approach. I've given Rabbit, Jaina and a select few others (all female, of course) permission to use my private gym.

Rabbit herself has replaced her usual outfit with a very small pair of pink mini-shorts and a matching sports bra. I'm still not sure how her clothes even work as she is a projection and always seems to reappear in the same outfit.

"Leah wanted to talk with you~" Rabbit says, unable to say anything without it sounding teasing as Leah approaches me, stopping a few feet from me as I put the weights back on the machine and sit up.

"I did, I… I wanted to know what happens now. The Merchants are gone, Skidmarks ran for the hills, and I'm sober without getting the shakes for the first time in fucking years, so… what happens to me now?" Leah asks as I raise an eyebrow at her.

"I believe that is up to you, my dear. Our deal was simple, you provide information on Skidmark's movements and don't fight in the battle and I'd spare you and get you out of the Merchants. You kept your end, and I kept mine." I say, making her nod. "You aren't a prisoner, and you are free to leave at any time. That said, if you'd rather stay then there is a place for you in my organisation. You look good, by the way, I take it you decided on a change in appearance?"

"Yeah, I never took care of myself before, and Whirligig has a certain look, long unkempt hair and messy clothes, with better clothes and a haircut I was able to walk around the street without anyone noticing who I was." Leah admitted with a small smile. "Of course, I had to borrow clothes from Rabbit so…" she says after a moment, looking down at her thong clad ass. "Well, I attracted a different kind of attention."

"An ass like that shouldn't be covered up anyway, you're lucky I was even willing to lend you some booty shorts, it's a crime to let you cover all this up." Rabbit teased, moving behind her and reaching down, slapping Leah on her exposed ass, dark brown cheeks jiggling as Leah yelped slightly before she rolled her eyes.

"God you're the horniest person I've ever met, and I've been a Merchant for… I dunno, a couple of years?" Leah said easily, turning back to me. "I think I want to stick around, at least for now. I didn't exactly make many friends as Whirligig, and my power isn't useful enough for me to go independent or join a different group. I'll pull my weight, not got any interest in being a parasite." Leah promises, making me smile slightly.

As if she could leave, her rep is awful thanks to her unimpressive power and her time in the Merchants. She had nowhere to go.

"Then I look forward to working with you." I say, making her smile slightly. Once she's gotten nice and comfortable, I'll slowly start working on rebranding her into a new cape, because if there's anything that can impress people it's rehabilitating unstable and dangerous capes into a force for… well, not good but order.

Whirligig isn't dangerous, honestly she's kind of a joke since her power is just an uncontrollable telekinetic cyclone around herself, and one that can only seem to pick up light things.

On one video of her in action, it struggled to pick up a loose brick. I have a theory that she's just been too high to work out how her power actually works, because she was already a Merchant when she triggered, if my timeline is correct.

If I can make her useful, it'll make me look good and give me a loyal cape.

"Yay~ welcome to the harem!" Rabbit cheers, groping Leah's small breasts from behind as she pauses.

"Harem?" Leah asks, making Rabbit grin as she plays with Leah's body.

"Yup, every female cape who joins Midas's gang is a part of his royal harem, it's tradition." Rabbit says seriously, making Leah pause.

"She's forgetting to mention that she's the only female cape who is a part of my organisation." I point out, making Leah's lips twitch.

Technically I'm keeping the Undersiders 'independent', since they are more useful that way, dancing to my invisible strings instead of openly being a part of my organisation, which means Rabbit is technically the only female cape since Jaina is basically a civilian, even if she's a very useful one.

"Every tradition needs to start somewhere! By the way, it's tradition for female capes joining the gang to sleep with the King." Rabbit says, making Leah roll her eyes even as Rabbit slips her hand up her top.

"Lemme guess, it's been tradition for two minutes? Come on, White, I was a fucking Merchant, I'm easy enough that you don't have to try and trick me into his bed." Leah laughs ruefully. "I owe you big time, boss, even before you fixed me up, getting out of the Merchants isn't easy, unless you like the look of the insides of a PRT cell, so if you wanna take me for a ride, you don't even have to ask. You're cuter than Skidmark, better smelling too, I've definitely upgraded… and I didn't even end up locked in a cell like Squealer." Leah offers casually.

"I feel like being cuter than Skidmark isn't much of an accomplishment, but thank you all the same." I deadpan back, getting a shrug from her.

Unable to restrain herself any longer, Rabbit pounces and climbs onto me. I was surprised she managed to keep her panties on so long since she's been on her assignment lately.

"Don't you know working out alone is dangerous? Don't worry, Boss~ I'll spot you." Rabbit says as she sits in my lap, grinding her ass against my clothed crotch.

"It's dangerous for people who don't have throats made out of solid gold." I reply easily as I lay back down, going back to my workout as Rabbit undoes her sports bra and tosses it aside, grinning down at me as she pulls my cock out, pulling her mini-shorts aside to reveal her wet pussy, no panties, obviously as she lines herself up and drops onto my cock.

"Is she always like this?" Leah asks, amused as Rabbit starts to ride me, her breasts bouncing wildly as she moans.

"She's a nymphomaniac, and she's been away for a couple of days… so yes." I reply, still lifting the weights as I focus on what I was doing.

I'm good at multitasking.

"I'm just gonna spend some time on the treadmill, it's been a while since I've even tried to stay in shape… even if some of the drugs I was on kept me skinny." Leah says, moving away after a moment.

Do I want her? Yes, with an ass like that how could I not? But she's spent the better part of five years in the Merchant's where she didn't get to decide when she was getting fucked, and it'll be easier in the long run to just wait for her to come to me, unless I just want to replace Skidmark in her mind which isn't ideal considering she just betrayed him.

"One~ Two~" Rabbit starts counting as she rides me, timing her bouncing to match me lifting the weights.

Well, I wanted to get a workout.

Jaina

Jin had given her an important role in his organisation, and she had a serious duty to perform.

She was in charge of their protection services, picking out businesses in their territory and offering them protection on Midas's behalf.

And it was protection, not the thuggish equivalent the other gangs offered. Those who took their services paid them a small, quite reasonable, cut of their profits, and in exchange their business would benefit from their protection.

When a business accepted their services, they were given a number they could call if they needed help, a banner to prove they were protected by Midas, cameras were set up around their business and the minion's patrol routes were altered to include the new business.

The bigger businesses or the ones willing to pay more even got a couple of guards permanently stationed nearby, or even inside depending on the owner.

They'd started small, convenience stores and gas stations mostly, but word was already spreading of their efficiency and trustworthiness.

Which led to people actually approaching them instead of her having to pick new businesses to approach.

It meant she had phone calls to make, emails to read and schedules to make, she was in her element and happier than she had been in a while.

But it also meant she was very busy, which was how she liked it, only…

Moaning, she pumped her fingers into her slit in time with the phantom cock she could feel entering her.

Rabbit was insatiable, and it seemed Midas could keep up with her, and really… you try making a serious phone call while getting fucked by proxy.

The Golden Syndicate had a reputation to uphold, she couldn't be moaning over the phone.

She'd given up trying to work through it, it was just too damn distracting for her to ignore, and that meant whenever Rabbit was horny, she was horny.

She'd rubbed herself raw a dozen times over the past week, she'd even missed the damnable sensation while Rabbit was out indulging in her other hobby, burglary.

Her professional shirt was tossed on the floor, her bra alongside it as she groped her breasts roughly, feeling Midas's mouth sucking on her nipple, his tongue swirling around it.

As she came, she had to keep reminding herself that she wanted her relationship with Midas to be professional, as tempting as it was getting to just go and experience it in person, she wasn't as easy as Rabbit.

The feeling of warmth flooding her womb made her groan, and as she felt Jin's cock slip out of her pussy she prepared herself.

They weren't done yet…

Feeling the bulbous tip of his dick press against her virgin asshole, she braced herself and forced down a moan.

Of all the ways to find out she had a thing for anal, this had to be the weirdest.

Jin - Later

"Thanks, Boss, we needed that." Rabbit says as she hops off me, uncaring of the cum leaking out of her ass and pussy.

"We? Ahh, Jaina was pent up as well then?" I ask rhetorically, making her grin. Rabbit knows everything Jaina knows, so if Jaina is horny then Rabbit will act on it.

"Yup, with me busy stealing and her too prudish to act on it, she was getting all worked up with no way to take care of it~" Rabbit agrees.

Leah slipped away after the first hour, she's out of shape as she was clearly exhausted from nothing more than a little light running. I'll have to get her into proper shape later.

Skidmark might have been willing to have his followers be so lazy and out of shape, but I have standards.

"I take it you succeeded then?" I ask, making her grin widely.

"Yup~ I knew where someone had stashed a few unique shinies so I went and liberated them for you, I put them in the vault next to the stuff you yoinked from Armsy, wanna go see?" Rabbit asks as she casually flips off the bench.

...I'll have a worker clean this place up.

"Of course, lead the way." I say easily, fixing my clothes. I'm not in my suit but I don't need to dress so formally all the time, and my exercise gear will do fine for now.

Heading to the vault, which is fairly close by since I like having it close to my private rooms, I pause as I walk in and see the pile of loot on the floor.

A life-sized jade cat figurine stares back at me, as several over cat themed jewels, figurines and artwork lies around it.

...next to the loot is a black catsuit and bullwhip, along with a bag.

"Rabbit, where exactly did you get all this?" I ask, making her giggle.

"There's a two-bit thief in Brockton with an obsession for cats, and I knew she kept a bunch of the expensive jewels she stole, so I just went and… liberated them. Is it really stealing when you're stealing from a thief?" Rabbit asks as she picks up the bag. "I also borrowed her suit and whip, she doesn't have a spare so I figured it'd keep her distracted for a little while."

"You robbed Catwoman." I deadpan, perhaps I should have seen this coming. "Should I prepare the base for a cat burglar?"

"Probably~ but she'd have tried to rob you either way, she's always had something to prove when it comes to me, because I'm better than her in every way. Plus, she likes shiny things and you have shiny things." Rabbit points out, making me nod as I mentally order my researchers to start looking into traps and base defences. We've already started placing cameras in key places, along with building a security room from which they can monitor my lair and territory.

"And what's in the bag?" I ask, making her grin as she reaches in and slowly pulls out a small black piece of silk. "Her underwear, of course you stole her underwear."

"I even got the ones out of her washing basket, don't worry about the unwritten rules, Catwoman lives in her hideout so it's free game." Rabbit assured me as she twirls the tiny black thong around her finger with a grin.

"...excellent work?"

I'm definitely getting some traps set up, something tells me I'll be having a visitor to my old base, sooner rather than later.

Selina Kyle

Staring at her empty stash, she growled and slashed at the fluffy white rabbit doll staring up at her mockingly.

As she tore it apart, she paused as she smelt a very familiar scent, her cats all suddenly paying attention as the catnip spilt out of the doll, making her groan as she mentally cursed the White Rabbit.

She'd kept a few choice pieces over the years, all cat themed that she couldn't bring herself to sell, and she'd stored them in a tinkertech safe…

So why the hell was the safe wide open? She knew the Rabbit knew where she lived, but this was bold even for that smug bunny.

The fact that she'd also taken her suit and whip just added insult to injury.

But she wasn't too worried, because Rabbit didn't care for what she stole, she just stole to start her games.

It was a big flashing sign saying 'chase me if you want your stuff back'.

Heading into her bedroom, she sighed as she hopped into the shower, she didn't know where the Rabbit even was, she'd been keeping her head down after a little mix-up with the Empire, how was she supposed to know that the Empire was funding that art exhibition?

Kaiser hadn't been happy when they pulled down the curtains and saw that she'd cut the painting out of their frame, but she'd already sold them to Coil and she wasn't in a rush to 'negotiate' with Kaiser.

He wanted as many capes as possible, so usually the negotiations between the Empire and Independents like her just turned into a one sided intimidation.

Rabbit was unpredictable at the best of times, and she couldn't leave her treasures with that second rate thief, so she'd have to hope that Kaiser was too busy to bother with her.

As she got out of the shower, she dried off and went to her clothes drawer, opening it before she paused as she looked at the empty drawer, her underwear replaced with a small scrap of paper.

'These panties have been claimed in the name of King Midas!'

The mocking drawing of a rabbit holding up a peace sign made her scrunch up the paper as she growled.

Who the fuck was King Midas anyway?

Jin

Sitting in my office, I look over my growing set of files on the over gangs and threats in Brockton Bay.

There are two people I see as major threats at the moment, Coil and Bakuda.

Bakuda because I don't want my city to blow up because she lost her temper, and Coil because there's only room for one scheming underground-lair loving villain in Brockton, and I'm better looking.

Lung is keeping Bakuda under control, for now, but canon shows what she is like when left unchecked and I can't risk the butterflies sending her into an explosive frenzy so early.

Coil I want dead so I don't have to waste my time worrying about him, and a part of me wonders if I can grab Bakuda and make her create the explosives I would need in order to destroy Coil's base.

I plan to grab her soon anyway, and blame it on the Empire if I can pull it off. I don't want to let her get set up since the longer she has to prepare the more dangerous she is.

Some ABB men have been seen delivering chemicals to a warehouse that's deep in ABB territory, my hackers have access to the city's various cameras (mostly the speed cameras) and I was able to track them back to that warehouse after they raided ACE chemicals. The fact that the ABB are performing heists on chemical labs in the middle of a gang war tells me everything I need to know.

I don't want to get involved in the Empire/ABB war until I have dealt with Coil, but Bakuda is too much of a threat to be left to her own devices.

I know where Coil's base is, but it's too big and too well defended for me to try a frontal assault, it's located in an abandoned 'incomplete' Endbringer shelter, and it's been reinforced to high hell.

Tattletale has given me his real identity, Thomas Calvert, but he's been reported missing by his wife and he hasn't shown up for work in over a week.

He won't leave his lair as long as Blank is fucking with his powers, even if it damages his long term plans.

My Blank has tiers, and it started out on the highest tier which actively messes with Thinkers attempting to use their powers on me, which is what is happening to Coil as any time he uses his power it has to model me.

But if I lower it down to just preventing their powers from affecting or modelling me, then he'll think his power is working again and when he comes out of hiding I can turn it back on and assassinate him.

There's also an option that allows me to feed false information back to anyone who is trying to read me, but it's locked at the moment and it doesn't say how to unlock it.

Speaking of unlocking however…

Schemer Upgrade Quest Complete
New Thinker Power unlocked
[Prodigal Learner]
This Thinker power allows you to learn skills at an incredibly accelerated rate, turning years into days.

Tutorial Complete
Villainous Gift Box added

I've already tried the new power, and after a single day of practicing I am already fairly skilled at playing the piano, a skill I was always interested in but frankly never had the time to learn.

The gift box is interesting however, because according to the item description, the things within were chosen by my system's creator, Lord Kuro.

According to the description, he chose them based on how I acted during the tutorial, though Neith did put a warning that her father is something of a troll and incredibly lazy so he might have just thrown whatever into it and called it a day.

Accepting the tutorial completion makes a small black box with red ribbons appear in front of me, and as I carefully unwrap it, black mist starts to pour out.

As the box opens itself and the mist rushes towards me, I can't help but wonder if this is what opening Pandora's Box felt like.

Skill Added
[Noctis Cape]
Since you seem like such a busy guy, you can have the power to never need sleep. You can still sleep of course, sleeping is amazing after all, but you just don't need to. Also you'll never forget anything, yay bonuses.

Skill Added
[Power Guru]
You like making other people do your fighting for you, take a power that lets you make your followers more useful. Simply put, this lets you jailbreak and alter the powers of other people (not yourself because that's the path to bullshit), and since I've been informed my original version was 'too powerful' and 'game breaking' I've needed it to stop people from whining at me. Once you make a modification to their power, you can't affect that person's power for a fairly lengthy time period, also I've limited what changes you can make as well. The changes you can make are based on the original power, but hey, get creative and make it broken anyway. Gamers are meant to be bullshit.

Skill Added
[Harem Lord]
Like all gamers, you can't keep it in your pants, so take this one to help with that. With this power girls you've claimed as part of your harem are almost guaranteed to never cheat on you, lesbians are more likely to make an exception for you and a few other things for you to find out.
This power can be upgraded to Harem King later, but it's up to you to work out how.

Noctis Cape is going to be very useful, because if I can skip sleeping then I have eight more hours a day to scheme, practise or otherwise better use my time. I always get eight hours because a bad sleep schedule can lead to lowered mental faculties and it's important to avoid that.

Sleep deprivation can lead to a lot of dumb mistakes.

The Harem power is interesting, but mostly unimportant for now.

But Power Guru? Now that sounds very, very interesting. I can see why people would be worried it was too strong, but I still think I can get a lot of use out of this.

Sending a message for Jaina and Rabbit to come to my office, I idly check my messages while I wait.

The show you put on was rather wonderful, even if I didn't have the best seat. The Merchants made poor subjects, their minds too addled by their drugs, and no one will mourn their passing. I look forward to working with you, I have some personal affairs to put to order but I will be by your base once I am done.
Dr Crane

Ahh, excellent. I have a lot of respect for Dr Crane, especially now that I've looked into his past in this world a little more.

Johnathan Crane used to be a Parahuman psychologist working for the PRT, and while a lot of the details are hidden it appears he was working on a theory on how applying fear could create new Parahumans,

Essentially, he was taking prisoners and manufacturing a trigger event, and if it succeeded they'd offer the prisoner a deal to get out of jail if they joined the PRT. It was all voluntary, the prisoners were offered time off their sentence to take part in the experiment without being given the details.

It turns out, torturing criminals into triggering makes villains, something the PRT expected but believed they could control. They couldn't and Dr Crane's experiment was stopped, he was discredited and later he would be fired for continuing the experiment on homeless 'volunteers' on his own time.

I know all this because the mostly insane capes he left behind weren't exactly quiet about their experience, and you can't expect crazy to keep to a NDA.

Why he wasn't prosecuted is another story, but he lost his job, funding and his home, disappearing from Boston where he had been working and eventually ending up here.

Brockton Bay seems to be a dumping ground for capes, everyone ends up here eventually.

The second thing worth my attention is that someone is running a PR campaign to make me look good… and it's not me.

Someone, going under the name of La Brava, is piecing together footage captured by bystanders, speed cameras and other footage that I'm not entirely sure where it came from, and she's editing them into well made videos extolling the virtues of my men and I.

She's even included actual irrefutable evidence that I'm good for the city, data on crime rates before and after I took over, and actual police reports that she somehow got her hands on admitting that their lives will probably be easier (as long as they avoid provoking me), among other things,

Going over their message history, it appears she was fast to start paying attention to me, their earliest messages in reference to me coming right after I captured Squealer, and they seem… fanatical.

I have no idea what I did to get this girl's attention, but she's doing good work making me look good to the regular people, and apparently she's a fairly well known user on PHO, one that predates my appearance by a few years at that.

Which means people believe she isn't a plant, and that makes everything she is doing more believable… which makes her very useful.

Writing up a message, I send it to her with a lazy smile. I can appreciate the skill she used to make her videos, and I can definitely appreciate the fanaticism she has put into her work.


Hearing a knock on my door, I call for them to enter and close my computer, turning to face Jaina and Rabbit as they walk into my room, Jaina taking a seat in front of my desk as the Rabbit chooses instead to sit in my lap, already grinding her ass against me.

"You called for us, Sir?" Jaina asks, fidgeting slightly as she feels my growing erection pressing against her ass.

"Ooh~ is it time for Jaina to put out? She'd look so good bent over your desk." Rabbit adds making Jaina flush as she looks at me hesitantly.

"No, I have no interest in ordering Jaina to sleep with me." I say simply, watching her relax slightly.

"Why not? She'd enjoy it, she's dreamt of you taking advantage of her." Rabbit says with a sultry tone as Jaina blushes, looking away.

"I'm sure I would enjoy it as well, but that's not why I called you both here." I deadpan, giving Rabbit a light spank as she grins at me, Jaina jumping as well. "Behave, or I'll have Jaina send you a way for the meeting."

Pouting at me, she simply lays her head on my shoulder, her breasts pressing against my chest.

"Thank you, Sir. She can be a handful. What did you need us for?" Jaina asks, clearly trying her best to avoid showing the feelings she is getting from Rabbit.

"It's not what I need from you, I have an offer for you, one that's entirely voluntary. I am a Trump, one capable of modifying and improving other peoples powers. I trust you understand the importance of keeping this secret, but you have both proven yourself trustworthy and reliable, so I'd like to offer you an upgrade." I explain calmly, watching Jaina's eyes widen as her mind races.

"Are there any side effects? What kind of changes can you make? Is there a cost?" Jaina asks, making me smile at her caution. I knew I liked her for a reason.

"There aren't any side effects, and the only cost is that once I make a change to your power I can't do so again for a certain length of time, one that varies depending on the change I made. The changes I can make vary depending on the original power, so I don't know how I can improve your power yet, only that it will follow the theme your power already has." I explain, letting her think about it.

Rabbit seems to understand the seriousness as she stops grinding against me for a moment, just cuddling instead.

"I… I trust you." Jaina says as she rises. "What do I have to do?" she asks, watching as I rise and move Rabbit out of my lap.

Walking around my desk, I offer her my hand which she slowly, hesitantly takes and as we touch, I reach out with the power I can feel within myself and connect to her own power.

Her shard notices the connection of course, but it seems more intrigued than anything else as I examine it and see what I can do.

I could modify the sensation sharing aspect, preventing Jaina from feeling the pain that Rabbit feels, but that would also stop the pleasure she gets and I don't particularly want to do that. I could also give Rabbit a short range teleportation, because that would be in line with the 'never be captured' theme of her power.

I could make Rabbit faster, more agile, I could even give her a luck based power not unlike Domino from Marvel, though it would be weaker than Domino's since it'd take multiple upgrades to get it up to that level.

After some thought, I make my decision and start to gently change her power.

Scion

Pausing, he stared off into the distance as he felt one of his powers change.

Was it supposed to do that?

Mentally shrugging, he continued flying through the air. The change was small and the power was a weaker version of something he already had so it didn't mean anything.

Elsewhere, if she wasn't currently brain dead, Eden would have facepalmed at her partner's short-sightedness.

Jin

"And done, now we just need to test it." I say as I break contact, picking up a sensation of happiness from the Shard as I disconnect.

"I don't feel any differ-" Rabbit starts before her eyes widen and she jumps back, moments before I would have swung at her. "…never mind."

"I figured a danger sense would suit a flighty rabbit like you, it only warns you a second before you would be hit, but with your speed and reflexes I think that'll be enough until I can improve it." I explain, teleportation is useful but not if you get caught by surprise and can't respond, so I figured it'd be better to give her a small spidey sense first. "Also…" I start, looking towards Jaina, watching her eyes widen as she steps back, clumsily falling to the floor as she tries to avoid the punch she knows is coming. "Since it's a Thinker power, it works for both of you." I finish, quite smug about my work as Jaina rises. "I don't expect you to need it, but it's nice to have all the same." I say, helping her up.

"Hey boss, you got any plans for today?" Rabbit asks casually, making me pause before I chuckle.

"I have a meeting in a few hours, but I'm free until then." I say, utterly unsurprised as Rabbit pounces me, roughly kissing me as she leads me back to my chair, sitting me down and dropping to her knees.

"Good, then I can properly thank you~" Rabbit says as she undoes my trousers, wasting no time as she immediately takes my dick into her mouth, deep-throating my cock without hesitation.

"I… thank you, Jin." Jaina says, her eyes lowering to look at Rabbit who is enthusiastically blowing me. "I'll give you two some privacy." she says quickly, practically fleeing the room as Rabbit giggles around my cock, pulling back.

"She's so stubborn~ if I wasn't here, she'd probably have taken my place but she doesn't want to let me win." Rabbit giggles, making me chuckle.

She's definitely an interesting one.

"If you want her, you need to make the first move, she's the type of person who'll keep running away forever." Rabbit advises, before she goes back to pleasuring me.

"I'll keep that in mind." I say idly, running my fingers through her long white hair.

Manami Aiba

Staring at her computer in shock, she get her mouth run dry as she read over the message she had received for the tenth time.

She was expecting another angry message from PRT or New Wave fanboys over her support of King Midas, but as she spotted the user who had messages her she'd frozen in shock and awe.

Midas had noticed her, he'd even thanked her for her support…

She'd started paying attention to Midas when he first bust the White Rabbit out of the PRT convoy, and while his confidence and style had impressed her, she hadn't given him much thought beyond that.

Then he started his war against the Merchants, wasting no time as he started his work wiping out one of the worst plagues Brockton residents had to deal with, their drugs did more damage to the city that even Lung could do on a bad day.

Okay that might be an over-exaggeration, but the Merchants were a constant issue and Lung only went on a rampage when he was pushed.

It wasn't just his actions that attracted her, but the utter confidence and gentlemanly attitude that he kept no matter the situation, whether he was dealing with Armsmaster or Skidmark, he just gave off this air of style and… well, royalty in everything he did.

It enthralled her, she could only dream of having so much confidence in her actions, and she found herself wanting to see him succeed.

He didn't need her help, why would he need some shut in when he wiped out an entire gang that had plagued the city for years in a week? Even still, she wanted to do her part and help him.

She had no personal goals, she didn't even leave her room other than to answer the door to receive her deliveries, but for the first time she had something she wanted to do, and Midas's success became her success.

It probably wasn't healthy, and it was certainly risky as she hacked into the local police servers to see what they had on him.

She couldn't risk trying it on the PRT, their systems were much, much better, but as she read through the police reports she was convinced she had chosen the right person to worship.

The police themselves were relieved that the Merchants were gone and enjoying the rapidly lowering crime rate, and they were lowering their own patrols in Midas's territory to avoid provoking him, by order of the Mayor.

Essentially, the city was letting Midas govern his own territory because they knew he'd do it better, even if that wasn't the wording they'd used.

It made her all the more sure that she needed to see Midas succeed, she wanted to see those banners flying all throughout the city and she'd do anything to see it happen. All she could do for now was make other people see the good Midas could bring to the city, but Midas had noticed her efforts.

Midas had noticed a nobody like her, he'd thanked a nobody like her.

He appreciated what she was doing, and that made her heart race, her cheeks turning bright red as she deleted her rambling reply for the fifth time.

This had only solidified the feelings she had growing inside her, and she couldn't deny it.

She loved Midas, and she'd do anything to see him succeed.

Victoria Dallon

"Ugh." Victoria groaned as she practically threw herself onto Jin's couch, the older man watching her in bemusement.

"Rough day?" he asked idly, looking up from his paperwork.

"Yup, no thanks to your brother. Have I told you that he's an asshole, because he is." Vicky whined as Jin chuckled, putting his paperwork away and moving over to her as he helped her up.

"Follow me, I think I can help you out a little." Jin chuckled, taking her hand and guiding her out of the office, making her smile wryly as he led her into his bedroom, towards the big king-sized bed.

"Heh, you could have just said you wanted to fuck, I could use the distraction." Vicky said with a smirk, making him shake his head.

"Not exactly what I had in mind, not yet anyway." Jin countered, making her pause in confusion as he slowly stripped her out of her costume, then her underwear.

"…you don't want to fuck but you're stripping me?" Vicky asked, making him chuckle again as he guided her to lay down, face first on his bed completely naked.

"You clearly need to relax, and I can help you with that." Jin said kindly, his hands reaching up and grasping her shoulders as her eyes widening, a light moan slipping out of her as he started to gently knead them.

Oh fuck yes, she could definitely go for a massage, and Jin clearly knew what he was doing as he started to slowly work his way down her back.

"So, what's bothering you so much?" Jin asked, working out knots in her muscles she didn't know she had.

"Ugh, what isn't bothering me? The PRT, Midas, Dean, Mom. Mom has gone full-fledged paranoid because Midas reminds her of Marquis and now he's said he looks up to her, New Wave's rep is in the garbage with Midas shovelling more and more shit onto us, Dean is fucking some slutty fake alien, and the PRT keeps bothering me because they want to meet you and they have a million questions about you, I've given them your number like you said but they just keep question me, also they're pissed I beat Dean up but whatever." Vicky groaned, holding in a moan as Jin moved to her legs and started to work his way up them, pausing as he got to her upper thigh. "Dude, we've fucked, it's a little late to get hesitant to massage my ass." she giggled as he gave her a little spank.

"This is a massage, and I know how worked up you can get. We can fuck later, so down girl." Jin chuckled as he went back to her legs.

She was a little disappointed, but it felt too good to complain as he went to work on her body, turning her to putty in his hands.

"I've heard about what Midas had to say about New Wave, and it helped me understand his plans a little more. He's waging a PR war against both New Wave and the PRT, making himself look good while ruining the reputations of everyone who could oppose him. Public opinion is a powerful thing, after all." Jin explained, making her nod as she bit back a moan, Jin's talented hands moving to her inner thigh, the side of his finger brushing against her dripping slit as her legs parted to give him more access.

"It's working. You know I got an offer recently? A new sponsor for New Wave, offering a lot of money… with only a little request." Vicky scoffed. "They wanted me to take part in a fucking porno, as Glory Girl. Turns out there's a big market for pornos of heroines being 'defeated', they wanted me to take part in a gangbang porno, even offered to let me choose whether it was fake ABB, Empire or Merchants that 'defeated me'." Vicky scoffed. "A month ago, they'd never even dare make an offer like that, now they seemed surprised that I got angry, pointing out that I wouldn't be showing anything that isn't already on the Internet."

"Ahh, that must have been unpleasant. It's no wonder you're so stressed. Turn over please." Jin said, watching as she turned onto her back, looking up at him with a smirk as his eyes lingered on her tits.

"Yup, but I'm picky, and even if it's on the Internet, I'm choosy over who gets to see me naked, even more so over who gets to touch me." Vicky giggled, taking his hand and placing it on her breast, moaning as he squeezed it lightly.

"Lucky me." Jin chuckled, getting to work on her front as she groaned in satisfaction.

"Fuck information, can I hire you to be New Wave's personal masseuse?" Vicky groaned, weeks of stress vanishing as his talented fingers moved along her arm.

"Somehow I doubt your mother would accept that deal." Jin deadpanned as she laughed.

"If anyone needs some stress relief, it's her. If I have knots then she must have the massage equivalent of the Gordian knot, I don't think she's taken any personal time in years." Vicky admitted, melting into a puddle as he worked on her legs again.

"Well, you can be the one to offer it, because I'm fond of living and your mothers lack of a sense of humour is rather well known." Jin deadpanned again as he worked his way up to her upper thighs again, chuckling as her legs immediately parted. "Slow down, girl… there's no rush." Jin teased, deliberately brushing his hand against her pussy as she glared at him jokingly.

"This massage better have a happy ending." Vicky warned playfully as he chuckled, leaning down and giving her a light kiss.

"As if I'd be so cruel as to leave a horny girl like you unsatisfied, I take customer service very seriously, and at this massage salon, the customer always comes first, and second and third as well." Jin joked, making her giggle.

"Promises, promises." Vicky replied, just laying back and enjoying the way he worked out stress she hadn't realised she had.

Dean never gave her a massage, and she'd never gone for a professional one either, but somehow she didn't think she'd enjoy a professional massage as much as she was enjoying having Jin play with her body.

"It doesn't surprise me that the PRT want as much information as possible, Armsmaster has shown what going into a situation blind can result in, but I have to admit I'm surprised at Dean, he didn't seem the type to move on so quickly from what little I've seen." Jin said, making her groan.

"Okay, I might have misunderstood a little since Starfire told me that she can transfer information through kissing, and apparently she didn't speak English before she met Dean, but still… she said he was 'large' and you should have seen the way he couldn't keep his eyes off her legs." Vicky complained, making Jin chuckle.

"I've seen pictures of this Starfire, I can't blame the kid, teenage boys are easily distracted by mini-skirts and long legs." Jin admitted making her shrug.

"Yeah, true. She rocks that mini-skirt, I'm still pissed off at Dean though… you know, we talked a little bit and Starfire mentioned she was looking for her sister." Vicky started.

"Does her sister go by the cape name of Blackfire?" Jin deadpanned, making her pause.

"Of course you already know something." Vicky said with a light chuckle.

"Not enough, rumours and second hand information mostly." Jin admitted. "She's a minor wandering villain with a mixture of an Alexandria package and blaster powers, she's hit a few banks around America but she doesn't stay in one place for long."

"But you could find out more?" Vicky asked, making him shrug.

"Almost certainly, what are you up to?" Jin asked, giving her an amused look.

"Wanna help me cuck Dean? Or more importantly, wanna fuck another sexy heroine?" Vicky asked, a cruel smirk growing on her face.

Dean thought he could move on? Not a fucking chance.

"Why do I always get caught up in your crazy schemes?" Jin asked, making her giggle.

"Because you're one of the only people I can actually trust anymore, as sad as that is." Vicky admitted, her tone showing more hurt than she wanted.

"I'll play along, but Starfire is a hero, and a possible future ward so there's a limit of how far I'll let this go." Jin warned, making her nod.

"I don't want to hurt Star, she actually seems really nice, or at least I don't want to now that I've calmed down a little, but she wants information and I know she's broke, besides you're hot and she seems easy." Vicky said easily, reluctantly moving away from the bed and picking up her phone, moving to the bed and laying back down so Jin could continue his massage.

Calling a number, her eyes widened as Jin finally moved his hands down to her slit, gently storming her lower lips as the call was answered.

"Hello, Glory Girl! How can I help you?" Starfire asked, making Vicky bite down the moan that was trying to slip out, glaring at Jin.

As he went to stop, she clenched her thighs down around his hand, making him smirk at her.

"I've told you, you can just call me Vicky. Anyway, I was actually thinking about how I could help you, remember how you mentioned that you wanted to find your sister? W-Well, I know an information broker who can help you track her down." Vicky explained, her words stuttered as she suppressed a moan, Jin slowly pumping his fingers into her.

"You do? That's wonderful… but I'm afraid I have very little money, I'm not sure I could afford to pay this broker of information." Starfire admitted sadly.

"Don't worry about that, he doesn't mind making alternate deals, I'm sure you two can come to an agreement. Besides, it doesn't cost anything to just meet him and find out how much he would want in order to track her down." Vicky said quickly. "Prophet is a reasonable- oh fuck." Vicky moaned, unable to stop herself as she glared down at Jin, his head between her legs as he started to eat her out.

"Are you alright, my friend?! Do you require assistance?" Starfire asked quickly.

"Oh n-no, I'm fine! I just knocked something over." Vicky reassured her. "As I was saying, Prophet is a reasonable guy, and a hero himself so there's no harm in meeting him, I'll even come with y-you."

"I see! I will not forget this kindness, my friend! I owe you greatly for your assistance in my mission! I would love to meet this heroic broker of information." Starfire said cheerfully, excitement in her tone.

"Great, I'll contact him and arrange a time when we are all free, I'll be in touch Star."

"Please, my friend, call me Kori! I will look forward to your call." Starfire said cheerfully, making Vicky feel a tiny bit of guilt, before she got rid of it. Kori would benefit from this, the only person who wouldn't would be Dean, and fuck Dean.

Metaphorically, of course.

"You are a cruel, cruel man." Vicky moaned, finally able to let loose as she ran her fingers through his hair, wrapping a leg around his head as he stared up at her in amusement. "Keep going."

It didn't take long for him to push her over the edge, a long, loud moan leaving her lips.

Unwrapping her legs from his head, she panted slightly as he stood up, wiping his mouth clean with a playful grin.

"I'll be back in a minute, like I said… the customer comes first, and second and third. I've kept my word on one of those, but you've got a lot of stress we need to work off." Jin chuckled as she grinned happily.

Scion damnit, Jin spoiled her.

Pausing, she opened her phone and sent a quick text.

'Just had the best massage of my life, u gotta try it cuz'

Laying back down, she grinned to herself happily, she definitely felt a lot more relaxed than when she arrived.

Plague Knight

"Hehe, Mona? We're in trouble." he giggled nervously, making his assistant and crush look over at him.

"…because there's a couple dozen men dressed in black and gold outside our lab?" Mona asked, looking at the security feed.

"Yup, also Midas burnt down all the other labs. I knew we should have left sooner. We shouldn't have waited to pack everything up." Plague said idly, scratching the front of his plague doctor mask.

Skidmark had been a good source of funding, since all he wanted was slightly improved basic drugs which an alchemical Tinker like him could make easily, letting him use the rest of his cut for his own purposes, working towards brewing the Ultimate Potion.

Plus Skidmark was kinda a moron and he'd be easy to escape, when it was time to move on.

"Are we running?" Mona asked, making him shake his head.

"They've blocked off the secret exit, and they're armed. Too many to fight, and they know we are here. If Midas wanted us dead, he'd burn the lab down with us still inside it, so I guess we are going to go and see what he wants." Plague said, nervously laughing as he checked his 'potion' supplies.

"This isn't going to end well, is it?" Mona asked after a moment.

"Hehe, probably not."


Bonus Scene - Path to Money


"Everything on Red 11." Contessa said calmly, the dealer hesitating before he moved the chips and called for any last bets, reluctantly spinning the roulette wheel and freezing as the ball stopped on Red 11.

Without Cauldron's resources at her beck and call, she needed to gather her own if she was to complete her path.

She could already hear the footsteps coming from behind her.

Path to acquire funds
Step 1: Go to Vegas

Checking her path one last time, she smiled and fixed her hat.

'Step 137: Turn 76 degrees, Step 138: refuse to go with them, Step 139: sidestep the attempt to grab her and draw her gun.'

Alexandria

Looking over the news report from New Vegas of a woman wearing a fedora robbing a gang operated casino, killing twenty-seven members of the Royal Flush gang in her escape, she thanked her foresight to look at this in private as she slammed her head against the desk, cracking it slightly.

Contessa was nigh impossible to actually capture, because while her paths could be faulty like every other large scale Thinkers power, it still functioned to help her avoid their attempts to capture her, and every attempt to grab her was interrupted or she was long gone before they could arrive.

As her phone rang, she sighed and straightened up, taking a breath before she answered it.

"Save the complaints, Emily." Rebecca said coldly, cutting off Director Piggot. "I was well within my rights to go over your head, and if Armsmaster had actually taken any reinforcements, Midas would be behind bars by now. I simply ordered him to capture Midas, I didn't expect him to go alone." she lied.

Glancing to the piece of paper she'd found on her nightstand, she frowned to herself.

'Path to neutralising Simurgh, step 1: contact Armsmaster and tell him to apprehend Midas.'

She had no idea what Contessa was doing anymore, but her paths seemed to be functioning again. How else could she escape from a Cauldron base (on another world no less) and so easily avoid capture?

She had no idea if this would work, but if it had even the slightest chance of actually working, she'd do it.

"But he didn't, and thanks to your orders, he lost his gear, and made the PRT a laughing stock, which Midas wasted on time capitalising on to turn the public against us. If you'd sent the order to me, I could have made sure the glory hound didn't run off alone." Piggot practically growled. "I have a gang war getting hotter every day, and now I'm down one of my most useful capes. Why would you even want him captured anyway, you've had no issues leaving Brockton Bay to burn so far."

Of course she hadn't, too much outside interference would alter the results of their Parahuman Feudalism experiment, but with Coil now cowering in his base, they'd changed their focus.

Midas served just as well as Coil's replacement, as he personified the very concept of Parahuman Feudalism given his actions with his new territory.

They wanted to see how a city would function under the control of a Parahuman, they didn't particularly care which Parahuman it was. She'd prefer Coil rule, because he owed them and they could leverage him.

But everyone could be controlled with enough leverage, or guided with the right bait. Midas was no exception.

"If you have to ask, perhaps you shouldn't be a director. Midas and Prophet are two of the only Thinkers in America who don't seem to have problems using their powers, I want to know why. Let's cut to the chase, Emily, I'll send you the reinforcements you've been begging for, but I want to be clear. Midas and Prophet are very high priority, I want you to recruit Prophet, or if that's beyond your capabilities at the very least form a favourable relationship between him and the PRT. We missed our chance with Midas, he won't turn now that he's so well established."

Which meant it was time to rely on less heroic methods to get Midas.

Author's Note: And another one, the muse says write supervillain and I must obey.

My original outline for this chapter had a few more things like Prophet meeting the PRT, but I realised I underestimated how many words it would be so it's getting split into two chapters.
"Sanity and happiness are an impossible combination."
― Mark Twain

​
My Discord, come here for porn and also sometimes fics: https://discord.gg/wd3tUYWVCd

My Patreon, I promise to spend any money given to me irresponsibly: https://www.patreon.com/TheDarkWolfShiro​
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:recon1, Mickyboiya, gartf and 1,189 others
The Dark Wolf Shiro
Jun 29, 2021
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 11: Settling In
View content
The Dark Wolf Shiro
The Dark Wolf Shiro
Everyone Hail to the Pumpkin King
JoinedApr 1, 2019
Messages9,336
Likes received960,957
Jul 2, 2021
Add bookmark
#1,826
Disclaimer: I own nothing but my own original characters and works, if you recognise it from somewhere else, surprise it isn't mine.
Discord Link: discord .gg/ wd3tUYWVCd
Pat reon Link: Pat reon .com/TheDarkWolfShiro
Betad by morde24

The Guild of Gamers: The Supervillain
Chapter 11: Settling In

Orika Uraraka

Sitting opposite the well dressed man, she subconsciously glanced down at her own outfit, her plain white shirt felt far cheaper than his obviously custom made suit, she felt underdressed and out of place as he calmly went over the paperwork she'd brought.

He might have approached them, but there was no denying that Uraraka construction needed Mr. Yukimura a lot more than he needed them, so she was the one trying to convince him that their business wouldn't be a wasted investment.

They were on the verge of bankruptcy at this point, and Jin's offer seemed like the lifeline they needed to pull themselves from the swamp of debt they were sinking into.

"Hmm, I have to say I'm a bit perplexed. From a purely business standpoint, your company should have been performing just fine, and yet it's been a money drain as far as I can see. Lawsuits, 'unexpected costs', failed contracts. How exactly did all this happen?" Jin asked, scratching his chin as he read over the files, he already had a pile before she arrived and she knew she wouldn't be able to hide her company's troubles from him.

The lawsuits certainly weren't private, and while they were too small to really garner any attention from the public, the details were still out in the open for anyone who was looking for them.

"Our main storehouse was destroyed in a cape battle, most of our machinery and supplies were lost, that's the unexpected costs part… and one of our workers had a drug problem, we didn't realise until he completely bungled a contract, damaging the building we were working on beyond repair. We've also been bleeding workers without the money to pay them, and without the staff…" Orika started making him hum to himself.

"You couldn't finish the contracts, but you had to keep accepting them or you'd go out of business." Jin finished, making her nod embarrassedly. "Frankly, everything I am seeing here is the tell-tale signs of bad management, your husband inherited this business, correct? Was he not trained to run his business properly?" Jin asked, his tone cold and professional.

"My father-in-law tried, but the move from Japan to America was rough and Kato has always been better at the actual construction side of things." Orika said, quickly defending her husband's admittedly poor business acumen.

"Which is why you're the CEO, despite him being the one who inherited it?" Jin confirmed, nodding as he rose from his desk and moved to his cabinet, pulling out a bottle of whiskey that probably cost more than her monthly grocery bill as he poured himself a glass. "Do you drink?" Jin asked, making her pause.

She didn't want to be rude, so after a moment she nodded and watched as he poured her a glass, moving to the couch instead as he moved the paperwork over and placed both glasses down.

Taking the hint, she moved over to the couch herself and sat next to the younger man, accepting the offered glass as he went back to looking over the reports.

"First of all, how attached are you to the warehouse you currently use as your headquarters?" Jin asked as he took a sip, making her copy him, her eyes widening at the strength of the whisky he had given her.

"N-not particularly? It's just the cheapest one his father could get when he first moved over to Brockton." Orika answered, making Jin nod.

"It's also in ABB territory, something you no doubt know. If we go through with this, I want to move your headquarters into the Trainyard area. I'll arrange for a new building and buy your old one from you, but moving away from ABB territory is going to be important, especially considering the ongoing gang war." Jin deadpanned, making her pause.

"Isn't this gang territory as well?" Orika asked quietly, making Jin nod.

"It's in Brockton, so yes, but Midas is more reasonable than Lung and I can deal with that side of things to make sure you and your workers aren't bothered. Dealing with gangs is a necessary evil in Brockton, unfortunately." Jin sighed, making her nod.

She'd heard the sounds of the Empire and the ABB fighting from her home, and it made her all the more fearful for Ochako, the sooner she was off to UA the better, this wasn't a safe place for people with powers.

"Secondly, how many workers do you have currently?" Jin asked, making her pause as she did a mental tally.

"Just under a dozen, we've been slowly losing workers for a long time." Orika admitted as he sighed again.

"There's no end of construction work to be done in this city, especially now… I have an idea of how to recruit more workers, I'll find the next three contracts and I will pay off your current debts because becoming successful while you owe suspicious loan companies money is always a bad idea." Jin deadpanned again, making her perk up before she awkwardly laughed.

"They were the only ones who would lend us anything." Orika admitted making him scoff.

"That's because everyone else saw your company as a bad investment. That loan company has strong ties to the ABB, they weren't expecting you to be able to pay it off and they would have likely forced you and your daughter to work at one of their brothels once you failed to meet their ever-growing interest rates." Jin said bluntly, making her eyes widen as her face paled rapidly. "They'll accept the money, especially when I pay the exorbitant interest rates and hidden charges since free money is something nobody would refuse. Now, your husband owns 75% of the business, after he gave you 25%, for all the aid I have promised I want 35% myself." Jin stated, making her freeze as she thought it over. "I understand you might need time to speak with your husband first."

"N-no, he gave my permission to negotiate on his behalf, and we agreed on a maximum that we were willing to give before I came here." Orika said quickly, making him smile. "We accept."

If she'd been paying more attention, she'd have caught the dumbstruck look on his face at her acceptance of the first offer out in front of her, but with her mind slowly clouded by the fine whisky and her own lack of business talents the thought to actually negotiate never crossed her mind.

They'd agreed on 45% being the most they would give him, and 35% sounded fair in her mind.

"Excellent, now I've been looking into potential contracts to get you back on your feet, would you like to look over them with me?" Jin asked, as he got up and pulled out a laptop from his desk drawer.

"Oh! Of course!" Orika said happily, convinced things were looking up with a clearly talented new investor helping them as she watched him place it down, turning it on and refilling their drinks.

Over the next hour, she was increasingly impressed by Jin's business talents as she saw the contracts he'd already lined up, all small time but they were just what they needed to turn their poor luck around and as she listened, she drank.

Undoing the top button of her shirt, she fanned at her flushed face as she leaned back on the couch.

"Do you want to take a little break, you're looking a little flushed?" Jin asked kindly, his hand resting on her thigh as she smiled at her family's saviour.

"Yes please, I think I overestimated my tolerance." Orika giggled, before she sighed. "I can't believe how bad things got… Do you really think they'd have forced me into a brothel?" Orika asked, unable to forget his earlier words.

"I do, I looked into the company and their lenders have a habit of disappearing, and they prefer to lend to women. Some of the missing women turned up at one of the raided ABB brothels, besides you're a beautiful woman so you'd be a prime target." Jin said, making her giggle despite the grim conversation.

"Oh, stop it you. I'm at least a decade older than you." Orika giggled, slapping his chiseled chest lightly as he gave her a smirk.

"And you have aged wonderfully, your husband is a lucky man." Jin said as he rubbed her thigh, a part of her drunken mind told her to stop this here and now, but as he continued moving his hand down and rested it on her bare leg, just over her knee she said nothing.

Her skirt was longer than that, but it must have gotten pushed up as they walked and as he moved his hand up her leg again, it slipped under her skirt and gently massaged her bare thigh.

"Flatterer." Orika said playfully, too drunk to stop this as she enjoyed the compliments from the young, handsome man.

With the state of their business, her and Kato had been working overtime and then some, both having a second job to delay their bankruptcy, and it'd been a while since she'd last been complimented.

"It's not flattery if I meant it… let me prove it, how about a little game?" Jin asked, making her look at him curiously as he reached over to the side and pulled back a deck of cards, shuffling them. "We both draw a card, and if you get the higher card I'll lower my percentage by 1%, if I get the higher card… you take off a single piece of clothing." Jin offered with a playful smirk as her face flushed.

"Mr Yukimura! I'm a married woman." Orika said quickly, making him smile.

"It's just a bit of harmless fun, and if you win you get to leave here knowing you kept more of your family business in the family. Low risk, high reward." Jin pointed out as she paused

1% would add up to a lot in the long run…

"One draw." Orika said after a moment, reaching forwards and taking a card. Eight of Hearts.

"We can draw as many times as you want, Mrs Uraraka." Jin said, drawing his own. "Ooh, too bad.l He said, placing down the Ten of Clubs as she blushed.

She couldn't refuse and break her word with the man her family were relying on could she? After a moment of hesitation she put the card back and reached up, slowly unbuttoning her shirt as she looked away.

What the hell was she doing?

Pulling the white shirt off her shoulders, she glanced back and blushed as she saw Jin staring at her chest, her plain white bra protecting her breasts from his gaze.

"Again?" Jin offered, shuffling the cards as she paused before she nodded.

She didn't want to have to take her top off for nothing, and as she stared at her card she held in a groan.

Two of Spades, no match for Jin's Four of Diamonds, meaning her skirt joined her shirt in short order, leaving here long pale legs on display.

The voice of reason told her to stop being stupid and cut her losses, the voice of drunken stupidity shouted to go again.

Her shoes and socks went next, and as they both stared at their fourth card Jin chuckled.

Eight of Hearts and Eight of Spades.

"Do we both win, or is this round nullified?" Jin asked idly, making the voice of drunkenness speak for her again.

"We both win." Orika said with a nod, desperate to win even once as Jin shrugged, opening up the contract they had written and changing his percentage to 34%.

Unable to stop now, she reached back and slowly uncoupled her bra, more from drunken clumsiness than actually reluctance as she lowered it and exposed her large pale breasts, slightly drooping from age now that they didn't have the support of her bra.

Before she could react, he reached up and gently caressed her right breast, his thumb brushing over her nipple as she moaned lightly, stared him down.

"I didn't say you could touch." Orika said quietly, not doing anything to stop him as he continued playing with her fat breasts. "Again?"

"Again it is." Jin chuckled, drawing again as she looked at her card and cheered, bouncing in place and sending her breasts swinging. Her King of Hearts smashed his mere Eight of Clubs.

33%, she'd won back two percent of her company.

"Again." Orika said, freezing as she drew a Three, Jin's smirk telling her she lost before she'd even seen his Queen.

Looking down at her plain white panties, she paused before she stood up and shimmied out of them slowly, her pussy exposed to his gaze, a small bush of brown hair above it as she blushed.

"Game over?" Orika asked sheepishly, no more clothes to remove as she sat back down next to him.

"Only if you want it to be, or we could raise the stakes. If you win the next hand, I'll give back… three percent, and if I win I'm allowed to touch you." Jin offered. She bit her lip in indecision before she nodded again.

Three percent could save them tens of thousands in the long run, and as she drew she looked at the Jack of Spades in her hand and smiled.

A smile that disappeared once Jin turned his own King of Spades around, turning red as he immediately reached forwards and started to grope her chest, one hand working its way down her body and slipping between her legs as he started to slowly pump his fingers into her slit, a moan leaving her which he promptly silenced with a kiss.

They hadn't agreed to kissing, but she wasn't in a position to point that out as she moaned into his mouth, guilt and pleasure flooding her as he toyed with her body, playing her like an instrument as he skilfully drew moans and whimpers from her.

It didn't take him long to make her cum, and she was too far gone to try and hold back anyway as she practically screamed into his mouth, her juices staining his couch as she humped his hand, gasping as he broke the kiss.

"So, Mrs Uraraka… one last draw? I'll put ten percent on the table, if you put yourself on it." Jin offered, and she didn't even flinch as she drew, looking at her Two of Hearts with a blush. A wicked grin grew on his face as he turned around his Ten of Clubs, and picking her up in a princess carry, he easily carried her out of the office and towards his bedroom, tossing her onto the bed as she laid back and slowly parted her legs, watching him strip down and climb onto the bed himself, towering over her as he positioned himself between her legs, the tip of his cock rubbing along her slit before he pushed forwards and penetrated her in one swift thrust.

"O-oh fuck, I'm sorry honey~" Orika drunkenly moaned, her legs locking around his waist as Jin railed her hard and fast, her moans filling the room as she lay back and let him have his way with her, the voice of reason pointing out that she was married, that she shouldn't be doing this, but it was drowned out by the voice of drunken stupidity that was screaming in pleasure.

"Well, Mrs. Uraraka… it's going to be a real pleasure dealing with you." Jin said cockily, his hands roaming her ass and tits as he used her for his pleasure.

"I-I'm a filthy woman~ letting some young stud fuck my married pussy." Orika giggled, far beyond reason as she came around the thrusting cock, moving her hips up in time.

Speeding up his harsh thrusts, Jin grinned down at her as he pounded her into the bed, drawing climax after climax from her as she laid there and took it, finally coming to a stop as he bottomed out inside her, groaning as she felt her womb being flooded with his sticky, warm seed, pushing her over the edge once more.

Next Morning

As she woke, her head throbbed from the light coming in through the window, but as she slowly sat up, her eyes widened in shock and panic as she looked down at herself.

She was a mess, and even now trickles of cum leaked from a very well fucked cunt, she could taste the aftertaste of his salty load and she could see the dried cum on her tits.

Spotting a note, she picked it up with a shaky hand as she tried to gather herself. She cheated on Kato, playing a stupid game and offering herself up as part of the bet.

Shower is through the door to the left of the bed, your clothes are already in there.

Getting out of bed, she spotted a glass of water and some headache tablets on the bedside table and took them quickly, moving into the ensuite and cleaning off her filthy body.

She wanted to blame Jin, but she couldn't… she couldn't deny she'd been a willing participant or that she'd enjoyed herself, she shouldn't have drunk that much and as she dressed, she realised that she never called home last night, her phone left in the office.

She had a few missed calls, and as she headed downstairs she went over what the hell she was going to say to Kato.

"Jin…" Orika started as she spotted him at the table, coffee in hand as he typed away at the laptop.

"We both overestimated our tolerance last night." Jin stated, his tone professional again.

"That's it, moan for me."

"I… yeah." Orika said sheepishly, guilt filing her as she remembered his hands on her body, his manhood inside her.

"I'm willing to… pretend that didn't happen, if you'd like. The contract is there, and I've already bought the new headquarters and had one of my men visit your loan sharks and pay your debt off." Jin said, a hint of apology in his tone as she smiled at him. "I'm afraid I have more work to do myself, and I've had one of my men prepare a car for you, I know you arrived by bus last night."

"That'd be great, thank you. Don't worry, this… was both our faults, I shouldn't have drank that much." Orika said, patting his shoulder as he smiled up at her slightly. "Goodbye, Mr Yukimura, it was truly a pleasure to meet you."

As one of Jin's men drove her home, she worked on her excuse, but her husband was too happy to hear that Jin had agreed to even question her when she claimed she'd stayed in his guest room because it was too late for her to feel safe going home alone, and that she'd left her phone in Jin's office by accident.

Jin

Saving the video edited together from the dozen tiny cameras in my office and bedroom, I file it away with a smile.

Blackmail material of this quality is definitely worth 2% of the business. It's not that I think I'll need it, I just want to be prepared if it comes to that.

It's amazing what a night of learning card tricks and a set of golden internal organs can do to help you outsmart a drunk woman.

"Hey, boss… you called for me?" Bob says, my guard minion giving me a slightly confused look as I smile at him.

"Ah yes, I've noticed that you've gone above and beyond the call of duty lately, putting in more hours on patrols than anyone else, and I've decided that you are perfect for a new job I need doing." I say, making him nod seriously.

"Sure thing boss, whatever you need." Bob says.

"I do hope you aren't actually legally blind, because I need you to drive us to this location first." I say, watching him scratch the back of his head sheepishly.

"I'm only legally blind some of the time? Like, when things that you don't want me seeing are in front of me." Bob says, making me chuckle as we head down to one of the cars.

"I like you, Bob."

It doesn't take us long to reach one of my newer buildings, I'm not even trying to hide that I'm buying them as Midas anymore as the city seems willing to just back off and let me have them (literally, I bought this one with gold bars given directly to the Mayor), and as we enter Bob pauses as we walk through room full of scantily clad women, entering a bedroom.

"Boss, what is this?" Bob asks, making me chuckle. "Who we're all those women? Where were their clothes?"

"They were the prostitutes that used to work for the Merchants, I put the word out that I was offering to help them with their STDs. Afterwards I had some of our women ask them if they wanted to continue their line of work, under better management. Many had been forced into this life and left after spending some time in the healing pods, but these are the ones that either like this life or just don't have any other skills." I say. "Simply put, I'm opening several official brothels instead of this street corner nonsense, and I intend to make different ones of differing price range, but I need to sort out which girls are going to which brothel."

"So, what am I doing here?" Bob asks, making me smile.

"You, my friend, are going to be the one sorting them. Your job is simply to sleep with them all and rate them on looks, skill and enthusiasm. It's a hard job, but I trust you can handle it." I say, patting him on the shoulder as his eyes widen in disbelief.

"Boss, I love you."

"Save your love for the women, and drink well my friend, you're gonna need the hydration." I say, patting him on the back as I gesture one of my female workers to enter. "Send in the first applicant, and Bob? May Scion have mercy on your manhood."

Bob, the Legally Blind Minion

As the sun set, he crawled out of the room and grabbed the giant pitcher of water, chugging it in a single go as he paused and looked over the 'waiting room'.

"Wait, how are there even more of them?" Bob asked in disbelief, his eyes wide and his manhood hard.

"We still have girls trickling in who have just heard the bosses offer, turns out the Merchants had a lot of hookers." The female worker added, idly accepting the pile of paperwork from him, his report on each girl so far.

Looking over the sea of barely dressed women, he mentally readied himself for the ordeal to come.

"Next!"

Jin

Well, I definitely wasn't doing it and my minions, while realistic, are infertile as far as I can tell, the same show is happening at two other buildings because holy shit did the Merchants have a lot of whores.

Fight on Bob, if you fall in this duty I'll erect a statue in your honour.

"The shelters are going well, your minions work fast, and PR is skyrocketing as word starts to spread." Jaina says as she sits opposite me, looking over the map of our territory. "The PRT is going mad of course, but even they can't say 'Supervillain sets up homeless shelters' in a way that makes us look bad so they're just ignoring it."

Desperation is the key factor in most crimes, if the homeless of my territory have a place to sleep, a way to get hot meals and the possibility of work, they stop committing crimes.

We've made a modified version of the pod, it's weaker and it just deals with very specific issues like drug addiction, STDs and very minor injuries so we can start clearing the junkies up and make my territory even nicer.

Plus, I can put them to work doing the basic work stuff I have my men doing and save some time and free up some manpower, all it costs me is a pittance, picking up litter, re-painting walls and other low skill jobs can be done by the hordes of homeless people I have begging at my feet.

"In other news, I've been told there's a warrant out for my arrest." Jaina deadpans, making me raise an eyebrow. "The police told me when they saw me overseeing the shelter, they followed it up by telling me that they've been told to ignore it because they don't want to challenge you, so as long as I'm in our territory I can move around safely. So congratulations, you're now so notorious that the police won't touch you." Jaina said proudly, making me chuckle. "They actually asked that we hand over the criminal who broke your rules over to them, instead of just tying them up, I said I'd pass the message on."

"Hmm, it takes them off our hands, lowers the chance of them returning and encourages positive relations with the local government, do it. Arrange a drop off point." I say, making her nod with a smile.

"Of course, sir. I'll admit it, joining you was definitely the correct decision." Jaina says, giving me a smile as I return it.

"And recruiting you was worth giving the PRT a black eye, we make a good team." I say, marking a couple of spots on the map.

"That we do, sir. The drug tinker and his assistant have been placed in confinement, they surrendered peacefully and both were searched thoroughly, they were both carrying a dozen or so phials of an unknown liquid, I've had it locked away in the old base just in case. Scarecrow's lab is ready for when he arrives, and the Garage has been built using Squealer's old garage as a base layout, just with… better quality tools than the scrap she was using. Everything is going exactly how you planned." Jaina says as she moves around the desk. "I have to get back to work, I want to make sure the second shelter is being built to standards."

"Perhaps when everything calms down, we can take some time to get to know one another better." I say, making her smile slightly.

"If there even comes such a day, and as long as the Rabbit is somewhere else." Jaina agrees with a smile, leaning forwards and placing a gentle kiss on my lips. "It'd be my pleasure, Sir."

"Oh, I'm sure it'd be mutually pleasurable." I say, making her giggle slightly as she leaves, a sway to her hips.

As my phone vibrates, I chuckle reading the text from Rabbit.

'Grab her now and fuck her into the ground! I can feel her horniness!!!!'

Dialing a new number, I lean back as I look over the map of the city.

"Hello?"

"Hello, is this Danny Hebert, of the Dockworkers Association?" I ask, looking over my file on him.

Uraraka Construction needs workers, and this gives me an in with the so-called main character.

Sherrel

Sitting in her cold cell, she jumped up as Midas strutted in her with his usual confidence, walking towards her cell.

"Ugh, finally. Dude, I'm bored out of my fucking mind, at least threaten me or something like a proper villain." the brat immediately said, scowling as Midas just blatantly ignored her and opened Sherrel's cell instead.

"Sherrel, follow me. I don't need to remind you that your in the heart of my base surrounded by my forces, so I doubt you're dumb enough to try anything." Midas deadpanned as he stepped back, letting her out of the cell.

Leaving, much to Aisha's annoyance as she was ignored, she followed behind Midas wondering what was going on as she was led through the long hallways to a certain room.

The moment she entered, she almost froze up as her mind started to race, all the toys and materials just waiting to be used…

Before she could move, Midas stopped her and held her in place, giving her an amused stare.

"Allow me to bring you up to speed, the Merchants are finished, Skidmark has fled the city, Whirlygig has joined me, the drug tinker has surrendered and is sitting in another cell room, and what was your territory is now mine, which I am rapidly improving. Which means the information you had is no longer worth anything." Midas explained, her gaze never moving from the high end tools he'd gathered in the garage made her old one look like a scrap heap… okay, it was a scrap heap but it was her scrap heap. "I'm also aware that not allowing a cape to use their powers can result in… certain unpleasantness, so I'm willing to extend an olive branch to you." Midas said as she finally looked over at him, practically vibrating as she tried to focus.

"You want me to Tinker for you." Sherrel said, fidgeting as he smirked at her, taking her arm and attaching a small black bracelet to it with a worrying click.

"I do, and you want to Tinker, you can't deny that. However, you're also still a potential threat, so there will be certain precautions in place, starting with that tracker bracelet on your arm." Midas stated, making her pause. "You'll also have a constant guard while tinkering, and you won't be allowed to take anything from this room… However, if you agree to build me one of your creations, you'll be given a proper room and permission to move around the base and take advantage of the recreational areas." Midas offered as she glanced back at the garage.

It took her a moment to spot the camera, and then the other four cameras for full coverage.

"And then I can Tinker?" Sherrel asked, hating the slight desperation in her tone. It very much matched the 'and then I can get high?' that Squealer said so often.

"You'll be allowed to Tinker for four hours a day, which will be increased if you prove trustworthy, as will your freedoms. If you require a specific tool, you can put in a request for it and if you can explain why you need it, I'll get it for you." Midas explained as she bit her lip.

She felt like she was making a deal with the devil, but the devil's deals always seemed so damn tempting.

"However, if you try to escape, smuggle equipment out of the base, or otherwise break my rules, you'll have this privilege revoked and will be considerably… punished. The hand that feeds can strike just as easily." Midas warned, and after a moment she nodded.

She couldn't help it, so many ideas flooding her mind and as Midas placed his hands on her shoulders, she looked back at him.

"Now tell me, if you could change anything about your power, what would it be?" Midas asked as she frowned, thinking.

"My creations are too big, I don't know why but everything I make always ends up way bigger than it needs to be, I can't make something small, even trying to make a motorbike would end up with one the size of a car." Sherrel admitted, her eyes widening as new plans flooded her mind.

"Hmm, I can see that, let's just… loosen up that Architect restriction a little." Midas hummed. "Oh right, I'm a power modifying Trump if you hadn't noticed, consider it your signing on bonus. Behave and I'll improve your power more" Midas said idly, making her turn to him in shock.

"You…" Sherrel started, lost for words as he smirked at her.

"And finally, this." he said, gesturing towards a small package, watching as she opened it and looked down at the black and grey overalls. "It's nothing special, but while I don't know much about Tinkering I'd think you'd be better off with some measure of protection between you and what you're making." Midas deadpanned as she held it up, before slowly pulling it on.

She still wasn't wearing anything under it, leaving a considerable amount of side boob and cleavage on display, along with her exposed back and sides, the front held on by two straps which went down her back, but her legs and were completely covered by the tough materials, and it comes with a pair of professional grade boots and gloves.

To finish it off, she put on the golden protective goggles that rested at the bottom of the package.

"It's perfect." Sherrel said, realising why he'd put a mirror in the garage as she looked herself over, she still had a lot of exposed skin, but she'd literally made a tank while getting fucked before, so it was a massive step up.

"So, so we have a deal?" Midas asked, offering his hand which she started at for a moment before she took it and shook it.

"So, I'm making a limo first, right?" Sherrel asked, watching him pause in shock. "You are always wearing a tuxedo, it wasn't a big leap." Sherrel admitted with a grin, ideas flashing through her mind.

"Heh, fair enough. Yes, that was what I had in mind." Midas admitted, making her nod.

"I can make it… Boss." Sherrel said, mentally sighing, she still wanted to leave the city but she'd play along.

Mostly because she really missed Tinkering.

Damnit, she really did need to think of a new name.

Rachel

The hideout was uncomfortable at the moment, and as bad as she was at understanding people she did at least understand the problem. It was easier if she looked at things with the mindset of a dog.

Lisa had tried to make things better for the pack, but she did so by going behind the Alpha's back, things were better but Brian had been overthrown as the Alpha and he didn't like that.

So he tried to intimidate the new Alpha into backing down, lost and had to retreat with his tail between his legs.

Which made Midas their new leader, and that just seemed common sense to her, she never liked or trusted their secret backer, why would she be loyal to someone she had never even seen?

"All this is for the dogs?" Rachel asked bluntly, looking over the impressively large yard, new walls built around it to stop the dogs from escaping. The walls were tall enough that nobody would be able to look in as well, that was good since she was still wanted.

They traveled here through a tunnel, so she could come and go without being spotted, also good.

"It is, you wanted a place to keep dogs and they'll need space to actually run around, animals don't like being locked up, people don't either for that matter." Midas said with a casual smile as she nodded to her dogs, watching Angelica, Judas and Brutas run off to explore the area.

"I didn't think it'd be this quick." Rachel admitted, making Midas chuckle as he looked over the building.

"It's a small thing to arrange, and I like being on top of my obligations. You wanted a place to look after dogs, so here it is. The building itself will be staffed by a couple of my minions since I doubt you understand the business side of things." Midas said bluntly, making her nod.

"I don't." Rachel agreed. "Can I bring more dogs here?"

"As many as you want, it has space for plenty of them, and I've made a deal with a local pet store to supply the food and necessities at a discount." Midas agreed as she gave a tiny smile.

"You kept your word, I'll do the same. You're the boss now." Rachel said simply, making Midas chuckle.

"I'm glad to hear it, now… would you like me to upgrade your power?" Midas asked, reaching forwards and placing a hand on her cheek as she stared at him.

"I like my power." Rachel said simply, not doubting he could do what he said.

"I know, I'm not suggesting I change it… just improve it, with your permission of course." Midas said calmly, watching her brow furrow for a moment.

"I'll still be able to power up my dogs?" Rachel asked, watching him nod. "Okay then."

"Excellent, now… let's see what we have to work with." Midas said as she watched him. "Oh, well, well, well… isn't that interesting. Yes, I think that'll do just fine." Midas said, and as he did so she felt something… click inside her, backing away as she focused on the change.

She knew what to do, and even as her body changed she wasn't afraid, her senses grew, her vision sharper and the scent of Midas's expensive cologne growing stronger as she looked down at him.

She was taller now, she'd been shorter than him before but as she looked down at Midas she realised she had a foot or two on him, and looking down at her body she smiled a toothy grin as she saw fur where there was once skin, claws where there were fingers.

Her dogs noticed her immediately, and despite their confused stare, they knew it was her, caution and curiosity edging them forwards as they sniffed at her, relaxing as she wagged her tail back at them.

She had a tail now, and as she lowered herself onto all fours, she nudged Brutus with her head, making him wag his tail as the danger passed and he was convinced it was her.

She didn't know how long she ran around the large walled off field with her dogs, but as time passed she stopped and looked over at where Midas was calmly typing away on his laptop. Bounding over to him at incredible speeds as her dogs struggled to keep up.

Coming to a stop in front of him, she reluctantly flipped the internal switch she felt and changed back, her fur regressing and her body shrinking as she looked at him.

It was cold, and as she looked down she realised that her clothes had been shredded when she grew, leaving her completely naked as she walked towards Midas, uncaring of her nudity.

"Brian is going to turn on you." Rachel started, her mind made up as Midas smiled at her. "You knew, when he does, I'll help you stop him." Rachel promised, making Midas chuckle as he put his laptop aside, rising.

"I'm glad to know I can count on you, Rachel." Midas said calmly, reaching forwards and stroking her hair as she subconsciously pushed her head against his hand. "I'm sure this will be the start of a long and mutually beneficial relationship."

Nodding, she immediately turned back around and ran back towards her dogs, shifting forms as she did.

Lisa

Looking over the three very familiar dogs… and the motherfucking werewolf they were play fighting with, she felt her headache come back with a vengeance.

Suddenly she understood why Midas called her here.

Still, it was a nice change from meeting in secret bunkers surrounded by armed guards.

"You're a Trump, able to change… no, upgrade peoples powers." Lisa deadpanned, rubbing the bridge of her nose as she laughed slightly. "One, Rachel is never going to leave here. Two, thank fuck I switched sides when I did."

"If she isn't going to leave then it's a good job I built the Undersiders a new base underneath the building, isn't it? It has tunnels connecting it to a few alternate exits as well, and a nice big lounge for Regent to move into." Midas chuckled as she sighed.

"I kinda hate how often I'm caught off guard around you." Lisa admitted as Midas laughed. "Still, does this mean we all get upgrades?"

"Not yet, Rachel is a simple girl and I can respect that, she's easy to please and easier to predict, you however… are a little schemer. Oh, and Brian and Hitoshi are going to betray me." Midas added, making her shrug.

"Not yet they won't, and as long as you have Aisha under your control Brian won't actively act against you, Hitoshi might go to the PRT but he's never been as smart as he thinks he is… which is why you're going to use him to feed them wrong information." Lisa realised, staring up at Midas with an impressed smirk.

"They have two choices they could go to, Coil and the PRT, I benefit from feeding either of them false information. How goes the planning to free Canary?" Midas asked, making her smirk smugly.

"Almost done, I just need to work out some small details, guard rotations, security codes and the like. She's not actually secured very well, Dragon herself prevented them from moving her to a higher security prison, and while she has heavy restraints it shouldn't be a problem to bust her out." Lisa paused as Midas reached forwards and placed a hand on her cheek. "Err, is it something I said?"

"Would you prefer your power to work faster, an off switch, or your Thinker Headaches reduced so you can use it more before you have to deal with the side effects?" Midas asked, smirking at her as her eyes widened.

He always planned on upgrading her power to give her a taste of the benefits of working for him, he just wanted to see how well she was doing first.

"All three?" Lisa said with a grin, making him chuckle.

"Then I suggest you stay in my good books long enough for me to upgrade you multiple times." Midas deadpanned, making her narrow her eyes.

He could upgrade people multiple times, but it took time. A cooldown? Not for him, but for the person he was upgrading.

"In that case, I want to be able to use my power more frequently without dealing with the headaches." Lisa said calmly, feeling something in her click.

It was a small change, one she definitely wouldn't have noticed if she wasn't paying so much attention.

"Frankly, I don't know how effective it will be, you're the first Thinker I've upgraded." Midas admitted.

He can't upgrade his own powers.

"How long is the cooldown?" Lisa asked, fully intending to make her own power even more broken than it already was.

"Good question, it varies based on the changes I make, yours feels like it'll be around a month until I can make another adjustment, Rachel's is closer to two or three months." Midas admitted as she beamed up at him innocently. "And yes, if in a month's time you're still in my good graces, I'll upgrade you again." Midas deadpanned, making her grin.

"That's one hell of an employee bonus scheme, you know when this gets out, and it will, it'll raise all kinds of hell?" Lisa pointed out, making him grin.

"Oh, I'm counting on it." Midas said as she stared at him with a growing grin. Everything was going to change, but it definitely felt like she'd switched to the winning side nice and early.

Looking him over, she tried to use her power and internally pouted as she got a grand total of nothing from him, not even any nonsense as she looked him up and down.

"See something you like?" Midas asked, her tone teasing as she shrugged.

"Can't blame a girl for trying…" Lisa said unapologetically, before giving him a smirk. "And shouldn't I be asking you that? White Rabbit, Squealer, Whirligig and now me? You do seem to like having hot female capes at your beck and call…" Lisa said with a smug smirk as he raised an eyebrow at her.

"What King doesn't have a harem? Besides, if I recall you offered yourself to me, not the other way around." Midas said as he approached her, towering over her as he returned her smirk.

"I didn't know anything about you, and I needed your help, I just threw whatever I had at the wall so I could see what stuck." Lisa said, yelping slightly as he pulled her closer to him, his hand resting on her ass over her jeans.

In any other situation, she'd be getting a nonstop stream of unwanted information, but with Midas she just got… nothing.

"You should be careful what you offer, Lisa, you never know when I'm going to take you up on your offer, because you're right... I do like having sexy capes at my beck and call." Midas warned, giving her ass a squeeze as she squirmed slightly.

She was a virgin, but she had a feeling that wouldn't be true for much longer. A part of her pointed out that Midas would take more care to keep her safe if she was fucking him, another part of her pointed out that it was a rare chance to get laid without having her power ruin things, and a small part of her said she was better than this and she shouldn't whore herself out for safety.

She told that part to shut the fuck up, because she was almost certain that Coil had used his power to rape and torture her, and she still wasn't completely sure what his power even was.

"I'll keep that in mind, Boss." Lisa said idly, returning the favour as she slipped her hand down the back of his trousers and gave his ass a retaliatory squeeze, a challenging look on her face.

Chuckling, he let her go after spanking her slightly and backed away.

"I have more work to do today, so I'll leave you to get settled into your new home. I don't need to tell you this, but I expect you to keep an eye on your traitorous teammates." Midas warned, making her nod easily.

"Will do, boss. I can handle those two." Lisa promised, watching him leave with an easy smile as she went back to watching Rachel bound around the massive yard, she sat down and decided to enjoy the sunlight for a little while, she'd make Regent move her stuff over to their new home later.

She needed to get back at the little sociopath for his bullshit earlier.

Her power loved giving her information she frankly didn't want or need, like the fact that Alec had jerked off to her and had only finished moments before she knocked on his door.

Or the fact that he'd used her panties to do it, and that he'd only done it because he knew it'd drive her mad and that she wouldn't want to bring it up.

The little shit wasn't getting away with that crap, and she'd return fire with his worst enemy… manual labour.

She was the new leader of the Undersiders, after all, and she was going to abuse the fuck out of that little fact.

…she'd get him to carry Rachel's things as well, including her clothes given the scraps she could see on the floor.

Fuck it, he could carry literally everything.

Aisha

Smirking up at the blankly staring villain, she gave him a smug look as he finally acknowledged her existence.

"Aisha, are you actually mentally handicapped?" Midas asked bluntly, making her smile fall into a scowl.

"No, I'm just bored. Where's the big tittied bitch gone?" Aisha asked, looking at the empty cell next to her.

"Sherrel has accepted a deal, and has been given a proper room now." Midas said idly, looking at her trashed cell.

She couldn't do that much damage, but she could do a bit, and when that didn't work she decided to spend her time insulting the blank faced guards, and when that didn't work she switched to insulting Midas repeatedly and hoping it would get back to him, which apparently worked.

"Lemme guess, she's living up to her name in your bedroom? She's probably faking it, you know? Pretty sure this is a hotdog down an empty hallway situation with how many dicks she taken, Asian guys aren't that well hung anyway." Aisha said with a smirk as she stared up at him challengingly.

This place was driving her fucking mad, plain walls, unresponsive guards, plain and tasteless food, she couldn't take it anymore, anything was an improvement.

Even if he decided to punish her, he was playing right into her hand.

"Hmm, are you under the impression that I won't hurt you because of your age? Or to keep Brian loyal?" Midas asked, chuckling. "Brian is already planning on betraying me, and when he does you'll be just a loose end, and I have no qualms about hurting you, Aisha." Jin said bluntly, making her shrug.

"That's cute, am I supposed to be afraid?" Aisha asked, smirking up at him again as he chuckled.

"That mouth of yours is going to get you into more trouble than you can handle." Midas said, making her grin.

"But it can get me out of it as well, want me to apologise properly? I bet you'd like to see me on my knees, my naughty little mouth hard at work making you feel good." Aisha teased, licking her lips as she stared up at him with a flirty smile. "Or maybe you'd rather have this." she said, turning around and spanking her bare ass lightly. "Can you imagine how tight my tiny little ass is? I'll even moan like I enjoy your tiny dick, Mhmm, fuck me harder sir~ teach me my place." Aisha said, almost cackling as Midas stared down at her with an unimpressed face.

"I could do that, true… but that's not how to punish an attention seeker like you. After all, you're used to fucking older men aren't you?" Midas started, making her freeze. "Your mother is Celia Laborn, an unemployed junkie who has been paying for her drugs with sex, but it wasn't always her that got fucked so she could get high, was it?" Midas said, watching as she flinched back. "Working out which dealer she went to was easy enough, and getting the details out of him was just as easy, all it took was the liberal application of a hammer to his kneecaps and he changed his tone real quick." Midas deadpanned.

"Shut up…"

"Oh, no more insults? You're right about one thing, Aisha… I am going to punish you, but you'll be wishing I just fucked you soon. Guards, it's time for her to be relocated to the new cell block, I think I know the perfect cell for her." Midas said as they moved forwards and grabbed her, easily carrying her behind Midas as they moved to a different room.

She was being carried between them, facing backwards so she didn't see her new cell until she was tossed into it, her eyes widening as the door was closed locking her inside a much darker cell, black metal walls, ceiling and floor, with the only features being a slab that served as a bed and the door, which had a slit at the bottom that could be opened to pass things through, and another small slit that was currently opened, letting a sliver of light through.

"I suggest you think long and hard about whether you want to antagonise me, Aisha, but don't worry… you'll have plenty of time alone with your thoughts." Midas deadpanned as he closed the slit, leaving her in total darkness as her eyes widened.

"Hey! Asshole, let me out!"

As she stared at the door, she heard no response and banging on it just hurt her hands, the heavy metal not even budging.

Wait, he wasn't actually just going to leave her here, right?

…right?

Bonus Scene - Tammi (Rune)

Collapsing onto her bed, she groaned as her body ached from overwork.

The ABB bastards decided to push into their territory, which meant she had to drop everything and play taxi for the Empire capes all day instead.

Kaiser had praised her heavily for playing a large part in the ABB falling back, funny how nice and proud he was when she was useful.

Grumbling to herself, she slowly and reluctantly rose up from bed and got undressed, heading into her en suite as she finished stripping, turning the shower on.

Having to sit around and listen to Kaiser talk out of his ass for three hours about how superior they were to the Asians when all she wanted to do was sleeping was painful, more so given the fact that she had to pretend she agreed with everything Kaiser was saying.

They talked about being one big family that looked out for one another, but she knew better, she'd learnt that the hard way when she got sent to juvie and the Empire had just washed their hands of her.

The clan didn't give a shit about her, not until she triggered in her own personal hell and she suddenly became worth something. Suddenly they were all so proud, and she was worth their time, right up until they basically sold her to Kaiser.

Being the pretty blonde Nazi in a mixed race, mixed gender prison was a special kind of hell, and while it did nothing to change her hatred of other races, it made her hate her own race just as much.

It'd been a group of black girls who beat the shit out of her in the showers on her first night after spotting the Swastika tattoo she had on her arm (that was now covered by a full sleeve), and it was a white boy who offered her protection, at the price of sucking his cock.

She'd learnt quickly that race didn't mean that much, power did. She was weak, at the bottom of the totem pole, and that meant she could be abused without consequences.

Nobody liked Nazi's in prison, and that meant that she was free game for prisoners and guards alike.

And then she triggered, in a panic as she tried to fight off a group of guys who decided her pretty white ass was worth the risk.

She killed them, crushed them to death with chunks of the shower walls, then she killed some guards on her way out, taking special care to make sure the fat one who liked strip searching her died slowly and escaped.

All of a sudden, little unimportant Tammi was a hell of a lot higher on the totem pole, she mattered.

Not like that made her forget that she'd been left to rot by her family, and her uncle who had been the one who had taken her along to the break in she was caught during, but all of a sudden she was important.

It took the bastard all of an hour to have arranged for her to go to the Empire, for her own good of course, as if he didn't get a bonus for handing her over to Kaiser.

Sighing, she got out of the shower, dried herself off and threw herself back into bed, grabbing her phone and logging onto PHO looking for something more interesting than Kaiser's speeches.

Seriously, he loved the sound of his own voice way too much.

Authors Note: This chapter was brought to you by the shitshow that is the Dead By Daylight anniversary event, because it's so buggy I don't want to play it and ended up writing instead.
"Sanity and happiness are an impossible combination."
― Mark Twain

​
My Discord, come here for porn and also sometimes fics: https://discord.gg/wd3tUYWVCd

My Patreon, I promise to spend any money given to me irresponsibly: https://www.patreon.com/TheDarkWolfShiro​
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Mickyboiya, gartf, beefey_chungus and 1,148 others
The Dark Wolf Shiro
Jul 2, 2021
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 12: The Start of Something Evil
View content
The Dark Wolf Shiro
The Dark Wolf Shiro
Everyone Hail to the Pumpkin King
JoinedApr 1, 2019
Messages9,336
Likes received960,957
Jul 3, 2021
Add bookmark
#1,976
Disclaimer: I own nothing but my own original characters and works, if you recognise it from somewhere else, surprise it isn't mine.
Discord Link: discord .gg/ wd3tUYWVCd
Pat reon Link: Pat reon .com/TheDarkWolfShiro
Betad by morde24

The Guild of Gamers: The Supervillain
Chapter 12: The Start of Something Evil

Aisha

As the slit finally cracked open, letting a sliver of light through, she looked up in hope with tear filled eyes.

She couldn't handle this, the constant blackness and silence, she had no idea how many days she'd been left in the box but she'd definitely been convinced of one thing, she wanted out.

As Midas looked through the gap, she stared up at him in desperation.

"I'm sorry, I didn't mean any of what I said, I'll behave, please don't make me spend another day in here." Aisha started, pausing as he started to laugh, a dry chuckle echoing through the room.

"Another day? That'd be rather difficult considering you've only been in there for… six hours and twenty three minutes." Midas said dryly as she stared up at him in shock and disbelief.

"That's… that's impossible, I've been in here for-"

"You haven't been fed, or needed to go to the toilet once, that's why I'm here, to give you your meal. I was going to leave you in here for three days… but I have a feeling you wouldn't survive a single night." Midas said, sighing as he opened the cell door and stared down at her in amusement.

"Please, I'm sorry, I didn't mean anything I said, I just wanted you to pay attention to me." Aisha admitted tearfully, if that was six hours then three days would destroy her.

"Hmm, I suppose we can try a different method. Get up, follow me, if you try to run you'll be put back in the box." Midas said calmly as she nodded rapidly, jumping to her feet.

As he left the prison, she moved behind him and stayed close, not wanting to give him any reason to put her back in the box, reaching what seemed to be his office as he took a seat in a comfortable armchair and stared at her as she shuffled from foot to foot in front of him.

"What am I going to do with you, Aisha?" Midas said to himself, staring at her blankly.

Not responding, she fidgeted in place as Midas moved to his computer and typed something before moving back to his seat.

"Come here." Midas ordered, watching as she moved closer until she stood right in front of him. "You've never actually been punished for all your mischief, have you? Brian is too busy, your mother is too high and your father has no idea how to handle you does he? Plus, you constantly skip school and I'm not sure Winslow even notices beyond putting an absent mark in your record." Midas said idly, as she nodded uncomfortably.

He was right, her mother didn't give a shit what she did, her dad had no idea what to do with her so he just let her get away with anything and Brian was busy playing villain.

"Bend over my lap." Midas ordered as her eyes widened. "Someone needs to discipline you, unless you'd rather go back to the box." he deadpanned as she quickly moved, laying her body over his lap.

She felt tiny as she laid across his lap, looking up at him as he moved his hand and rested it on her surprisingly supple booty. She was pretty proud of her ass even if it'd drawn some unwanted attention before, and as he pulled his hand back, he brought it down on her ass with a firm clap, her booty jiggling as she yelped.

"Count them." Midas ordered, moving his hand back again.

"O-one… Two!" Aisha yelped, the sting of his hand slapping her bare backside making her jump in his lap, she'd never been spanked before, and it was humiliating to lay there and count as Midas gave her chocolate ass a red glow.

Two quickly became ten, which became twenty then thirty and as she reached forty he finally stopped, her ass burning from the repeated strikes as she looked up at him with tears in her eyes.

She figured if he decided to punish her, he'd just fuck her and that was something she could handle, she even reluctantly enjoyed sex if she had a partner with decent stamina, but this was just embarrassing.

To make it more embarrassing, she couldn't feel his erection, so he wasn't even remotely aroused as he spanked her, and that was just insulting.

"Stand up." Midas said calmly, watching her rise as she rubbed her ass gently, hissing in pain.

As the door opened and the thong and corset wearing rabbit girl strutted in, she grinned at them both holding a bag.

"I have your order right here boss, did I come too early? Ooh, that's a nice shiny glow her ass has, are you gonna fuck it next? I bet she'd squeal so good~" Rabbit asked, looking at her in unrestrained curiosity.

"Not quite, pass me the bag please." Midas said easily as he rose, accepting the bag as Rabbit hung off him, pressing her body against his. Pulling out something thin and black, he looked over at her calmly. "Aisha, lift your chin."

As she did so slowly, she watched as he held out a collar, the name Aisha embroidered in gold.

"Aisha, you have two choices. You find the prison cell boring? Then I'll put you to work, and as long as you behave I'll give you some leisure time and more freedom to move around, you won't have to go into the box. If you would prefer that, put this around your neck." Midas ordered as he held the collar out towards her as she paused before she slowly accepted it.

Placing it around her neck, she locked it with a click and stared back up at him. She didn't know what he meant by 'put her to work' but it had to be better than the box.

Holding out the bag with a smile, she pulled out the outfit inside it and stared in disbelief at the clothing in her hands.

"…wouldn't you prefer me to just be naked? Do I really have to wear this?" Aisha asked, making him chuckle as she sighed and started to dress.

How the fuck was this bow supposed to go on?

After some help from a far too amused Midas, she looked at herself in the full-length mirror he had in his office for some reason and stared in horror which quickly morphed into disgust.

The black and white dress with ribbons and bows decorating it was unmistakably a maid uniform, with stockings and a little frilly hat thing, whatever the fuck those were called.

She should never wear this many frills, it didn't even show any cleavage and while the skirt was short it still covered everything.

"No seriously, can't you just chain me up in your bedroom naked instead?" Aisha asked, completely seriously as he smiled at her.

"Oh don't be like that, you look wonderful." Midas laughed, ruffling her hair as she scowled up at him. "And no, because you'd like that, this is a punishment Aisha, not a reward. Rabbit, why don't you take Aisha to her first assignment."

The rest of the day was filled with cleaning, dusting shelves she could barely reach, making beds and washing dishes, all while Rabbit cooed over how cute she was. As much as she hated it when faced with the box she put her all into cleaning, doing chores for the first time in years.

As she was taken to a final room, she went in expecting another mess to tidy, instead she found a very neat bedroom with her name on the door.

"And done! Little Aisha's first day at work finished, how adorable~" Rabbit teased as she scowled at her. "Enjoy your rest, little maid, because the base will be nice and messy for you when you wake up~" Rabbit laughed as she left the room.

Aisha headed into her new room and looked around, a reluctant smile growing on her lips.

A tv, games console and a small pile of games were waiting for her, along with several changes of clothes ranging from 'proper clothes' for a girl like her to the trashy stuff she preferred…

And several copies of her maid outfit which she blatantly ignored.

Next to the tv was a small mini fridge with a sticky note attached to it.

'Good work deserves a good reward, well done today Aisha.'

Opening it, she grinned at the sight of cans of various pops, and chocolate bars.

Stripping naked, she tossed the uniform into a waiting laundry basket and dropped into the loveseat, turning the tv on and grabbing a can and chocolate bar.

There was a small MP3 player and some wireless headphones on the side, apparently to make work more bearable, so that was cool.

She could see a schedule on the wall telling her that she had 'work' at 9am tomorrow morning, but it was only 7pm so she had time to relax as she turned the console on, grabbing the controller and picking a racing game out for the pile.

It looked like she was connected to an internal server and a few other people in the base were playing it.

An hour later she turned it off with a scowl, she didn't know who the fuck 'Bob the Beast' was, but he could go fuck himself, he could fuck his stupidly fast car as well, and with that she loaded up Netflix and threw on a movie, laying back and relaxing.

Work sucked, but she could definitely enjoy the benefits of behaving.

She could never afford a high end games console, and they didn't have Netflix at home, plus she didn't have to go to school and cleaning dishes was definitely better than doing maths.

Watching some shitty action movie, she quickly changed her mind and went back to the racing game, cursing the name Bob with venomous hatred as he lapped her three times then simply rammed her off the track.

Jin

Brian can betray me all he likes, but Aisha is easy to please and easy to control now she knows the consequences of misbehaving.

I'll make it so that even if Brian manages to bust her out, she comes crawling back to me.

She's not the first brat I've trained, in my old life I had an intern assistant similar to her, an attention seeking brat who thought she was hot shit and that the world revolves around her.

It took me a month before her world revolved around me, and she learnt her place under my desk with her bitchy mouth wrapped around my cock.

The only reason I accepted her into my business is because her father was a fairly important man and I wanted an in with him, by the end she cloned his laptop hard drive for me and betrayed her family just so I'd pat her on the head and tell her she was a good girl.

Aisha will meet the same fate, turning on Brian just to please me.

Heading down to the prisons again, it's time I take care of my last prisoner, the drug tinker and his green skinned assistant.

As I enter the prison, they both straighten up in their respective cells opposite one another, and I realise I should have been more specific to my men as I look over them both.

The Drug Tinker himself is still wearing his plague doctor mask, but it's the only thing he still has on as the tiny man fidgets in place, naked from the neck down, and his assistant is completely naked, soft green skin on display.

I supposed my gaze wandered for a moment too long as the tinker coughs, getting my attention.

"I accept!" he says, making me pause.

"Accept what, exactly?" I ask, making him laugh an awkward laughs

"Hehehe, whatever threat/deal you had planned to make me join you, it's why I'm still alive right? I don't care about the Merchants, I just wanted funding for my experiments, so I don't mind changing employers." he says easily, occasionally gigging to himself.

"Ignore the laughs, he tested a few too many of his own creations on himself, he can't control it." his assistant adds, drawing my attention.

"Hmm, you know of all the capes in the Merchants, I know the least about you two, even with Sherrel and Whirligig under my employ. Who are you two, and what can you do that makes you worth keeping around, let alone funding." I ask, looking between them.

"I'm Mona, I'm Plagues assistant. I'm not actually a cape, I'm just green because of a slight alchemical accident. It's also why he's green." Mona admits, crossing her arms over her breasts.

"Hehehe, and I'm Plague Knight, alchemical tinker extraordinaire! Plague Doctor was taken." Plague admits. "I don't actually know my real name! I breathed in a few too many fumes in my early days, I'm pretty sure it's also why I'm so small!" Plague admits happily, Mona groaning. "Oh wait, I wasn't supposed to admit that part, but never fear, hehehehe, I'm a master of chemical tinkering, making potions and drugs with ease, and I'll do it for you, on two conditions. One, Mona stays with me, and two, I get a cut of whatever profits you make selling my drugs, not much, just enough for me to work on my own projects." Plague offers, making me chuckle.

"How pragmatic. You realise you'll be closely monitored?" I point out making him laugh again.

"Of course, Skidmark was dumb enough to leave me to Tinker away but I can already tell you're more cautious, observe away, hehehehe." Plague agrees, watching as I open his cell and let him out.

"My men have already moved your equipment down to my slowly growing research section, a lab has been put aside for you that's quite a bit more… sanitary than the basement you were working in, better ventilated as well." I deadpan, making him giggle as I open Mona's cell and watch her walk out.

I want to watch her frankly thicc green hips sway, but I don't need to see under his mask to see the jealousy in Plague's eyes.

"Excellent! Mona, research awaits!" Plague cheers, making Mona roll her eyes as she looks down at her naked body.

"I don't suppose we can have our clothes back, can we? I liked that dress." Mona asks, one hand covering her breasts as the over covers her pussy.

"Oh right, can't experiment in the nude, think about the splash damage! Well… maybe if you stood further back you could stay naked?" Plague offers making Mona stare down at him. "No? Aww…"

"Your clothes are in that box, and my minion will lead you to your new lab, but I'm needed elsewhere. I'm glad you were so reasonable, Plague." I say, offering him my hand, which the four foot tall man takes and shakes enthusiastically.

…as I leave I make a note to make sure the ventilation system down there is fucking flawless, and that all the fire prevention systems are in place.

Now I need to meet with my other crazy chemical tinker, because who doesn't need a mad scientist or three.

On the lowest floor of my base, there's an entire heavily protected section of my base dedicated to research and development. Aside from my own tech minions and the labs they work at, I've built a specialised room for each Tinker I've acquired.

Heading down to the labs myself, I enter one of the rooms and pause as I see a middle aged man in a suit fussing over his lab equipment.

Hard to believe this is the Scarecrow, and as he turns to me I can see a hint of madness behind his glasses.

"You know, it's almost uncanny how well prepared you were for me, impressive work your highness." Johnathan Crane says with a slight smirk, making me chuckle.

"I like being prepared, I've no doubt you're excited to be able to work in a proper lab, instead of out of the back of a van." I say idly, making him chuckle in return.

I can see his Scarecrow outfit on the side, the cloth mask stitched into a gas mask and the ragged outfit with empty canisters around the waist.

"Indeed, it will be nice to work in a proper laboratory again. Which raises the question, what do you want me working on? My Tinker speciality is simply Fear, my gas being my greatest creation though it's far from finished." Crane asks, making me smile.

"Then finish it, and ensure we have ample amounts of it for… emergencies, I've already acquired some test subjects for you." I say, making him nod with a growing smile.

"Yes, I had seen the cells attached to my lab, may I ask who they are?" Crane asks.

"Just some Neo-Nazi's who wanted to hit one of my businesses to impress their boss, they won't be missed and they weren't on an official mission so Kaiser isn't going to come looking for them." I explain, making him laugh.

"Ahh, the typical strong arm tactics of the Empire, I take it they were on an unofficial mission then? Kaiser would want to test your response times." Crane chuckled.

"Oh definitely, they seemed to think Stormtiger would show up and bust them out, but somehow I doubt that's going to happen. They're expendable nobodies that won't be missed, so it only makes sense that we put them to better use." I say as he smiles.

"I do believe this will be the start of a long and mutually beneficial agreement." Crane says with a dark chuckle, staring towards the cells.

"I have a meeting coming up soon, and I want you to attend. I doubt anything will come of it, but I want a show of force." I say, making him nod easily.

"Then I'll wear my best suit." Crane says easily, patting the Scarecrow outfit.

Helena Bertinelli (Huntress)

"I really can't advise this, Huntress." Oracle said into her ear as she looked over the building she'd been observing. "The risk outweighs the reward."

"Sorry, O, but I don't agree. I've watched a dozen Independent villains enter that hotel, that hotel that was a run down building not a week ago, something is happening here and we can't get caught off guard."

"I know that, but like you said… there's a dozen villains inside that building, and I can't access their security from the outside. We have no idea what's lying in wait and even with the whole team I'm not sure we have the firepower to pull you out if anything goes wrong." Oracle said warningly.

"Don't worry, I know how to be subtle. This isn't my first stakeout, and I haven't seen anyone with enhanced senses. I'll be in and out before they know I'm there." Huntress said as she waited for the latest Villain to enter the building, a tall woman in a black and purple uniform.

"That's Star Sapphire, a villainess from California, not sure what she's doing so far from home. Fine, I'll have Ravager, Black Canary and Cassandra ready to assist if everything goes south, but you'll have to retreat out of Midas's territory since this just stinks of him, I've sent you the fastest route to the PRT territory and I should be able to call in some favours to have some additional firepower, but that hinges on you getting out of the building, if you are captured it could be… difficult to extract you." Oracle warned.

"I know, it's just an occupational hazard." Huntress said as she ended the call, looking over to her side.

"This is some serious shit, you know your boss knew I was here, right?" Shadow Stalker said, looking down at the hive of villainous activity.

"If she doesn't acknowledge you, she can't get in trouble for letting you come along. You realise if we get captured the PRT won't let you out of the Rig for months?" Huntress asked, making her scoff.

"And if I get information on what's going on there, they'll celebrate while giving me a slap on the wrist as punishment. Fuck them, they're too busy dealing with the new transfers." Shadow Stalker said coldly, making her nod.

She knew Shadow idolised her, her weapon of choice wasn't a coincidence, but they made good partners even if she didn't like dealing with the PRT.

"You sure you don't want to back down, I won't think any less of you. There's some serious powerhouses hiding in there." Huntress said, making her partner in crime shake her head.

"I'm a hero, not a pussy. Ready when you are." Shadow Stalker said, making her smile.

This city had enough problems without whatever the fuck this was supposed to be.

Jin

Sitting at the head of the table, I watch as the capes I invited start to take their seats in the large conference room.

It took a lot of digging to get all their locations, and some smooth talking to convince them all to come and listen to what I had to say.

I couldn't convince all of them, unfortunately. Deadshot, Killer Frost, Livewire and Mr Compress all turned down my invitation, among others.

Still, I got more than I was expecting.

Scarecrow is sitting to my left, and White Rabbit is on my right as I look over the table of villains.

The room is massive, deep underground with a large conference table as the main feature, dozens of seats surrounding the oval shaped table, there isn't really a single spot that screams 'the leader sits here' and that's intentional. I don't want to look like I'm trying to Lord over them, so I simply settled for having the table be made of black oak with golden inlays.

There's isn't really designated seating, because they aren't children and they can pick their own seats without me condescendingly telling them where to sit.

"Well, the free drinks were nice, but I think we emptied the bar so why don't we get started, I'm a busy girl you know…" a woman with short blond hair says, a black strip of warpaint over her eyes. She's wearing a short vest and trousers made of snakeskin, and has it unzipped showing off most of her cleavage, and the tattoo she has on her upper chest.

Copperhead, assassin with a speciality in poisons and the power to control snakes, along with a ridiculous amount of flexibility and agility, and an immunity to poisons.

She's also already on my payroll, because stacking the deck in my favour is important for a meeting like this.

"Agreed, my time is worth more than most people can afford." a man with white hair tied back in a ponytail says, wearing black and orange armour with a pair of swords attached to his back, a blond teenage girl sat next to him.

Deathstroke and Terra, master and apprentice, also lovers if rumours are correct.

She's not the first girl to get convinced an older man cares about her, and she certainly won't be the last.

"Let the man speak, I doubt Midas would have called us all here for no reason." an Asian woman in a long red dress says, giving me a light smirk. The cut up the side reveals her long legs as she goes to sit down, a eastern dragon tattoo starting on her lower leg moving all the way up to her shoulder.

Veronica Sinclair, also known as Roulette. A minor villain but one who excels at making money, also bought off before the meeting started.

"Thank you." I say calmly, suppressing the slight nervousness I feel at having so many villains paying attention to me. "And you're right, I didn't call you here for no reason. For those who don't know me, I am King Midas, the leader of the Golden Syndicate, a new gang that has claimed a chunk of Brockton Bay for myself."

"Heh, and now you're painting your big shiny symbol all over the city, overcompensating for something?" the smirking woman in a red and black leotard giggles, white paint on her face.

"Not quite, I just prefer banners to graffiti." I say easily, ignoring Harely's taunt even as a pink haired wo/man in a little hat elbows her and another clown themed woman in purple and green glares at her. "Now, as I was saying. I've claimed a chunk of this city for myself and I have grand ambitions for it."

It seems Circus and Punchline understand the importance of being serious for once, even if Harley seems determined to cause trouble.

"And what does this have to do with us? I didn't travel all the way to this little town to hear you stroke your ego." a woman in a black and purple leotard says coldly, a pink gem in the centre of her head piece and flowing black hair going down her back.

Star Sapphire, she's an unpredictable one.

"Originally, I planned to gather the various Independent villains of Brockton Bay into one alliance to prevent us from getting dragged into the growing war between the Empire, the ABB and the PRT. I planned to use my newly claimed territory as a stronghold from which we could act without having to worry about Lung or Kaiser trying to force us into serving them, or the PRT deciding they need to capture a villain to make themselves look better." I start, seeing the agreement on the faces of the Brockton Bay based capes.

Even Harley seems to agree that it was a possibility, it's just not safe to be an independent villain.

"You're forgetting something, you're not an independent villain." a woman in a tiny black and white bikini says, wild white hair swaying as she looks around. "You're the leader of your own gang."

Dusty Ash, a thief who used to be a part of the Volcano Thieves before their leader, Volcano, accidentally killed a couple dozen civilians in a robbery gone wrong, when he was Birdcaged and she went solo.

Her power is rather unimpressive, she just makes dust which she uses as a distraction like a discount Grue. I can make her better.

"I am, because I made my own faction to prevent myself from getting dragged into another gang, but it's still a potential threat. If Lung wasn't busy fighting Kaiser, he'd have already done his whole 'You're an Asian cape so you're ABB' thing." I deadpan, making her nod after a moment.

"Fair, he does like that speech." Dusty Ash agrees.

"That's all good for the people from Brockton Bay, but why are the rest of us here?" a woman with long red hair, a tight pair of red leather pants and an equally red crop top with a hole cut out of it to show off her cleavage.

Volcana, also a thief and possibly related to Volcano but I couldn't confirm that.

"As I said, that was my plan at first. Then I thought bigger, why settle for making an alliance of Independent villains from Brockton Bay, when I could make a league of villains from around America, and then the world. Let me be clear, I'm not asking anyone to work under me, this isn't a gang with a leader, but a league of capes working together for the benefit of us all." I explain, spotting a mixture of interest and suspicion throughout the room.

"What's in it for us?" a gravelly voice asks, it belongs to a man with grey scales covering his body and a mouth full of razor sharp teeth staring at me.

Waylon Jones, Killer Croc, fortunately his services were for hire and I bought him off before the meeting started.

"First of all, this hotel is the first in a chain I plan to spread far and wide, primarily to serve as hideouts for League members, it's still under construction of course, my final design is far more grandiose than this." I say idly. "My entire territory will be a safe haven for League members, of course, as long as you don't cause trouble while you are here, I also intend to open up the services of the three Tinkers I have access to, with more to come hopefully."

"That's all well and good, but calling your territory a safe haven won't matter when the heroes come knocking." A woman in a form fitting leather catsuit says, it's nice to see she has a spare, but she's been glaring at Rabbit this entire time.

"True, but you're forgetting something. Why do the heroes leave Lung alone? Why have some villains gone unbothered for years? Power. I'm sure the PRT would love to put us all behind bars, but the simple fact is that they won't take fights they can't win, and there's enough of us to force them to back off, besides… I'm a Trump, a power upgrader, and I'm willing to offer my services to League members at a massive discount, we can make the heroes leave us alone simply by being so strong they don't have a choice."

"Bullshit." the humanoid cat woman hisses, cheetah spots covering the light brown fur she has all over her body as her tail swishes, she isn't wearing any clothes and she seems perpetually pissed off.

"Not quite, Rachel." I say, making Bitch perk up from where she'd been ignoring us all to play with Brutus. "This is Rachel Lindt, better known as Bitch, or Hellhound if you prefer the PR friendly version. Those from Brockton will know that her power is the ability to boost her dogs." I say, watching as Brutus literally grows to the size of a van, impressing some of them. "However, I can modify powers, giving them alternate uses or improved abilities, though it has to keep to the theme of the original power." I say, and as I do, Rachel's body twists and deforms as she grows into the eight foot tall nightmare werewolf, looking over the group with glowing yellow eyes, panting. "For instance, as Rachel's power was so connected to canines, I was able to give her the Changer ability to become one."

I can see the doubt fading, Rachel is somewhat well known because she's one of the few villains that doesn't have a secret identity, and her power is equally well known because she isn't exactly subtle.

"Well damn…" Dusty Ash mutters as Rachel calmly goes back to playing with a now shrunken Brutus, not bothering to turn back herself, it's a good job I made this room so damn large.

I love underground bases.

"One question though, if you want to stay so neutral then why is she here?" Punchline asks, gesturing to the end of the table where a silent Poison Ivy is sat with Hookwolf stood behind her like the loyal attack dog he is.

"Because while she has made an enemy out of the Empire, she only did so because they attempted to do the very thing I wanted to make this group to prevent. Yes, she mastered Hookwolf, after he tried to force her into the Empire, besides he's an asshole and I'm happy to see him so well collared." I admit, Hookwolf is not even able to speak up in his own defence.

"And how do we know she won't try to do the same to us?" a large woman with a long red ponytail asks, a pink dress and golden jewellery not quite covering her body.

Giganta, and that nine foot tall body is as small as she can go, which is why she has a bigger chair.

"Because I have minions in gas masks armed with guns and flamethrowers ready to scorch her if any of us show any signs of being mastered, it's not exactly subtle after all. Even I can't stop them, so mastering me wouldn't save her." I deadpan. "I'm no fool, I wouldn't call a Master here without taking lengths to counter her."

"He's right, my power is pheromones, I can't get through gas masks, and I'm not stupid enough to try and master someone in a meeting filled with capes. I'm arrogant, but not that arrogant." Ivy deadpans, staring at them with a light smirk.

"I can take them, Mistress." Hookwolf adds in, making a rumble of laughter go through the room.

"Sit boy." Ivy orders coldly, Hookwolf actually backs off and sits down to the amusement of the group. "As our host said, it isn't exactly subtle."

"I still don't buy it, we'd have heard of a Trump of your level by now." Cheetah growls, my file says she hates humanity after her change.

"Then would you like to volunteer to help me prove it? I don't work for free however, and when I prove my word, I want a favour to be called in whenever I deem fit." I say as I rise, staring her down challengingly.

She pauses, but with so many capes watching she can't back down, and rising herself she approaches me, moving very much like you'd expect from a big cat stalking its prey.

Placing a hand on her furred shoulder, I focus and find exactly what I'm looking for, an off switch. I don't even bother asking before I access it, watching her eyes widen in shock as her fur retracts, her tail shrinking as a beautiful redhead stares back at me in shock.

She's too in shock to even care about her nakedness as she looks down at herself in awe.

"Will that be proof enough?" I deadpan, staring her down as I remove my hand from her shoulder and sit back down.

"I… yes, of course." Cheetah says quietly, her fur regrowing quickly as she realises she's naked in front of a dozen capes, sitting back down very quietly.

"What rules would we have to follow?" Roulette asks, getting us back on topic as I smile.

"Very few, no fighting in the hotels, if you're gonna fight each other do it away from my territory and don't let it come back to bite the League, and a general agreement to assist any member who is being forced into another gang. We'll only have to do that last one once or twice before the rest get the hint and back off the League. I might want to hire some of you from time to time, but I won't even expect a discount. I'm far from a cheapskate." I say easily. "If any of you need money, I'm sure I can arrange for a well-paying job and I'll always prioritise giving jobs to League members first."

One member has been very quiet, violet eyes looking around the room silently. Luring Blackfire back to Brockton was easy enough, she's not the most cautious cape. Megalomaniacal, convinced she's always the strongest person in the room.

The grey skinned, pink haired gothic teen hasn't said much either, but Jinx is obviously uncomfortable surrounded by some many big names.

"Ahh, but I think I've allowed our uninvited guests to hear enough."

Sophia Hess

As Midas spoke, her well honed danger sense screamed at her as she turned to her shadow form in her hiding spot inside the vent above their meeting room, and then she immediately turned back as the vent's formerly ordinary lining became electrified.

She couldn't get out that way, and the way she crawled in had just slammed shut as it opened up and dropped her right onto the conference table, a dozen villains all staring her down in surprise, turning to amusement.

"Oh, Huntress? You might want to just give yourself up, I promise neither of you will be harmed as long as you behave, I wouldn't suggest fighting your way out however, I don't think it'd end well for your little protégé." Midas deadpanned as she looked around desperately, every single wall was electrified.

And there were a lot of annoyed villains glaring at her, ranging from anger to amusement to even concern, Catwoman looked outright worried for her safety.

It only took a minute before the door opened, Huntress entering at gunpoint, her hands in the air as several guards pushed her inside.

"Heroes are so predictable." Midas chuckled as Huntresses hands were bound, her crossbow taken away as Sophia was pushed to join her, it took her a second to realise that the cuffs themselves had a small electrical current…

They were expecting her.

"Then why did they get to see so much?" Blackfire asked, staring at the two heroes in disgust.

"Because it benefits us in the long run for the PRT to know about us, to know what we can do." Midas deadpanned. "I had snipers watching them when they were sitting on the rooftop across the road, seriously why do heroes like rooftops so much?" Midas mumbled. "Now then, what shall we do with you two?"

She was a badass cape, a predator, but looking around the room at the staring villains, she could barely stop herself from voiding her bowels.

Bonus Scene - Taylor

■

Welcome to the Parahumans Online message boards.
You are currently logged in, Weaver (Unverified Cape)
You are viewing:
Threads you have replied to
AND Threads that have new replies
OR private message conversations with new replies
Thread OP is displayed.
Twenty posts per page
Last ten messages in private message history.
Threads and private messages are ordered chronologically.

■

♦ Topic: Midas the Builder, can he fix it?
In: Boards ► Places ► America ► Brockton Bay Discussion
Feychick (Original Poster)
Posted On Mar 10th 2011:

So, I live in the middle of the Trainyard, and anyone who has actually seen what that area looks like knows just how bad it is.

Every other building has broken windows and gang signs sprayed on it, there's a crack house on every street and a drug dealer on every corner, or at least the ones that don't have pimps on them.

You literally can't go out past a certain time unless you want to be mugged, raped or shot by some drugged up Merchant.

Or that's what it was like a week ago.

A week ago, my street was covered in garbage, had a road that had was more potholes than road, there was gang signs on every house (including mine) and more broken windows than fixed ones.

Today, the road has almost finished being repaired, all the houses and walls have been repainted, all the litter has been gathered up (and new trash cans have been installed) and some nice gentlemen in black and gold jumpsuits came by and fixed our window.

Then they put a black banner on one of the now working street lamps, with a golden crowned skull on it, installed some cameras and left without ever mentioning us paying for it.

So, what's the endgame? Midas is a supervillain and no matter how good he makes it look, I doubt he's fixing everything out of the kindness of his heart.

(Showing page 1 of 1)

►Lolitup
Replied On Mar 10th 2011:

It's more than just that as well, when's the last time you saw a hooker or drug dealer on the street corners?

I'll tell you when, right before Midas wiped the Merchants out, because the streets have been pretty empty lately since then.

Where they've gone is anyone's guess. I know that a lot of the dealers died in the failed attack on Midas's base, but the hookers just vanished into the night.

…you don't think he's kidnapped them do you?

►MissMystery
Replied On Mar 10th 2011:

Okay, I can actually answer one of those questions, specifically where the hookers have gone.

I should know, I was one of them.

After the Merchants got wiped out, a lot of us had no idea what happened now because Midas had either killed or driven off our pimps, and even though most of us were forced into this life, we didn't really have any other options at this point.

Then word spread that Midas was offering free healthcare and a chance at employment, and while it sounded like a trap we went there anyway because what else could we do?

I never actually spoke to Midas himself, but his assistant (a beautiful caramel skinned woman) took us to this room that had rows of weird pods, and after convincing us it was safe we stripped and got into them.

I know, bad idea but like I said, we didn't really have any other option.

The pods are amazing, I'm guessing it's some Tinkertech that I'd never be able to understand but an hour later I got out feeling like a new woman.

My skin and hair was much healthier, and then I found out what their purpose was, the pods get rid of addictions and stds.

I haven't touched any of the drugs the Merchants used to keep whores like me in like days, and I haven't felt so much as a bad craving, and for the first time in years it doesn't burn to go to the toilet.

Afterwards, we were all given a meal and a choice, if we wanted out of this life we could just leave, no questions asked (and I know they meant it because I know a lot of people who did just that)

Or we could stay behind and move onto the next stage, where we were interviewed quite thoroughly.

My interviewer was a lovely man called Bob, self proclaimed minion of King Midas, and after it was done I was offered a position at a newly opening brothel which I accepted, that's why you haven't seen any hookers on the streets.

King Midas is taking control of the prostitution business and running it like an actual business.

From what I know, there's three brothels/strip clubs opening up soon in his territory, I'll be working at the Silence is Golden club in the Trainyard.

I think I talk for every former street corner hooker when I say this is a massive upgrade, I get a regular pay check (with bonuses depending on my performance), a lot more safety and a fucking dental plan.

Plus our uniforms are much sexier than the shit we had to wear before. He's going for classy, not trashy.

So yeah, King Midas is a villain but damn if he hasn't done more for me and a lot of people I know than the PRT or government have.

At this point he could put a golden collar around my neck and I'd wear it with pride, my only regret is not getting Bob's number but he was…


Well, he had a busy day ahead of him.

►Bruce Lao
Replied On Mar 10th 2011:

Ooh the ABB are probably not gonna like that, brothels have always been their thing.

Of course Midas's brothels seem to be filled with willing and even happy girls if MissMystery is anything to go by, and the reports from the ABB brothels are horrifying to say the least.

Did you guys see the report Lois Lane did on them? It's terrifying to know theres sex trafficking going on literally a block away from me, underaged sex trafficking at that.

The only surprising thing about the big green explosion that destroyed one of them recently was that it didn't happen sooner.

All I'm saying is that if Midas and Lung fight, I'm rooting for the Golden one.

I'd definitely rather sleep with a willing and eager escort than some poor girl who's been forced into prostitution at gunpoint…

Not that I'd ever pay for sex

►La Brava (Verified Midas Fangirl)
Replied On Mar 10th 2011:

I hate to say I told you so…

Oh wait, no I don't. I told you all when he first arrived that Midas would be good for the city, and you all doubted me.

Also, it's not just hookers and drug dealers, he's also built a number of homeless shelters where the frankly ridiculous amount of homeless people in this city can sleep safely and get a hot meal.

Word is spreading through the homeless so fast that they've started heading to Midas's territory from other parts of the city, which is why there aren't so many beggars on the Boardwalk anymore.

Not that Midas didn't see this coming, given just how many beds he apparently has waiting.

►DownButNotOut
Replied On Mar 10th 2011:

La Brava's right

I'm using the free wifi at one of the shelters to type this, and this place is basically a sanctuary.

You can show up at any of them and get a bed a hot meal, no questions asked.

Plus, I got a job from it as well, and I have more money now than I have had in along time.

And before you all start shouting that I joined a villain… I'm picking up litter and repainting walls.

Apparently his men were doing it before, but Midas realised he had a lot of desperate men and women who'd happily take the job of their hands and free them up for… I dunno, super villain shit?

It's minimum wage, sure, but I'll fucking take it.

Instead of begging on the streets and probably getting my ass beat three times a day by Merchants, I sleep in a warm bed, get a free breakfast then go and do a proper days work, then I get another free meal and go back to bed in a warm, safe bed.

I dunno why Midas is doing all this, but honestly? I don't care.

►XxVoid_CowboyxX
Replied On Mar 10th 2011:

You're all stupid, he's obviously using the shelters to make a mastered army of super slaves.

Wake up sheeple!

►Aloha
Replied On Mar 10th 2011:

Wanna bet the PRT is gonna start sounding like Void soon?

Having a villain look so good to the public isn't going to sit well with them, you know how they love their PR, and right now Midas is making them look like incompetent fools while he looks like a benevolent Godfather.

Of course he's probably going to make us all an offer we can't refuse sooner or later

►Kriketz
Replied On Mar 10th 2011:

I think I met Bob.

So, I was walking home from work after my manager had made me stay behind late, and I live in the Trainyard so I don't need to tell you that being out that late is dangerous for anyone, let alone a woman (thanks boss, you decrepit old bastard)

Which is why is wasn't surprised when a pair of men, probably ex-Merchants from the smell, grabbed me and pulled me into an alleyway, I was completely terrified but not surprised.

I thought I was fucked, literally, and after taking my purse they started to take my clothes off.

And then a car pulled up at the edge of the alleyway, four guys in black and gold jumpsuits got out and rushed in, beating my two would be assailants to the ground.

Then the lead man gave me my purse back, apologised for the disturbance and went back to beating on the two assholes.

Then they dragged them to the car, threw them in the trunk, wished me a good night and drove off.

The Leader had a name tag, with the words Bob, Head Minion written on it

I got home safely, and suddenly looked at all those security cameras Midas set up around his territory in a whole new light because nobody had been around to see me get grabbed.

►Bagrat (Veteran Member) (The Guy in the Know)
Replied On Mar 10th 2011:

Okay, so this is big

A black van has been seen pulling up behind the Brockton Bay Police Departments precinct, and Midas's men were seen handing men over to the police, who were clearly expecting them.

Some of the men match the description of men who had been grabbed by Midas's men after trying to commit crimes in his territory.

So unless I'm very much mistaken, I think Midas is cooperating with the local government to keep the people who break the rules he enforces off the streets.

Which means the local government aren't just allowing him to police his own territory, they're helping him do it.

Even if the PRT call Midas a villain, the fact that the local police is working with him is massive, because do you know who else they do this for?

The PRT, New Wave and some registered Independent Heroes like Huntress, they're treating Midas's organisation the same way they treat the heroes.

End of Page. 1
■

Sighing, she closed her browser and moved away from the old family computer.

She wanted to be able to call bullshit on Midas's claims of wanting to help the city… but she'd gotten close enough to his territory to have her insects check for her and he seemed to be everything he claimed to be.

He wasn't trying to hide the fact that he was a villain, but he was doing more for the city than the heroes had in years.

It made her choice harder than it should have been, because the PRT had made it clear they'd were interested in her joining up with them, but-

Mentally shrugging, she admitted she didn't know what was stopping her, she wanted to help the city and… they just hadn't.

The PRT had been around for ages, and they hadn't changed anything, they just maintained the status quo, protecting the rich areas while they left the poor areas in the hands of the gangs.

But she wanted to be a hero, now more than ever.

She still had nightmares about what would have happened if Midas hadn't been there, short grubby fingers groping at her body, the feeling of his penis starting to push into her.

Shuddering, she shook her head as she remembered the calm smirk on Midas's face, a light blush growing on her face.

She knew it was just princess syndrome, she was saved from a terrible fate so it was just human nature that she was crushing on the well dressed older man who saved her.

He was still a villain though, ruthless and dangerous.

Heading into the kitchen, she started dinner even as she watched her father driving home through the eyes of a wasp, she had her street and the surrounding area covered in well placed bugs, she couldn't be too careful with the gang war going on.

As her dad entered, she immediately noticed that he was in a much better mood than usual, work must have gone well.

He was only like that when he'd found jobs for more of his men, so she was happy for him even as she mentally frowned.

She was supposed to meet the wards tomorrow, but she couldn't shake the feeling that something was going to go wrong.

It was supposed to be sooner, but apparently some out of town heroes were arriving and it had been delayed.

Author's Note: Speed? I am speed.
"Sanity and happiness are an impossible combination."
― Mark Twain

​
My Discord, come here for porn and also sometimes fics: https://discord.gg/wd3tUYWVCd

My Patreon, I promise to spend any money given to me irresponsibly: https://www.patreon.com/TheDarkWolfShiro​
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:beefey_chungus, Mickyboiya, gartf and 1,510 others
The Dark Wolf Shiro
Jul 3, 2021
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 13: Preparations
View content
The Dark Wolf Shiro
The Dark Wolf Shiro
Everyone Hail to the Pumpkin King
JoinedApr 1, 2019
Messages9,336
Likes received960,957
Jul 8, 2021
Add bookmark
#2,257
Disclaimer: I own nothing but my own original characters and works, if you recognise it from somewhere else, surprise it isn't mine.
Discord Link: discord .gg/ wd3tUYWVCd
Pat reon Link: Pat reon .com/TheDarkWolfShiro
Betad by morde24

The Guild of Gamers: The Supervillain
Chapter 13: Preparations

Helena

"Take our unwanted guests to the holding cells, I'll be down to deal with them later." Midas said, his guards grabbing them both and dragging them deeper into the base.

She knew this seemed bad, but hopefully 'later' meant after the other villains left so they'd have less people to deal with when escaping. Turning to Shadow Stalker, she shook her head at the inquisitive look she saw on her counterpart's face.

She recognised some of the villains here and she knew they were hopelessly outgunned.

They were then taken deeper into the underground base, one of many if what she knew about Midas was accurate, led to a small prison, and placed into separate cells facing each other.

The guards left, having taken their weapons but she knew they wouldn't go far, and she could see the red blinking light of the camera aimed at the cells as she sat down on the provided bed.

Her mask had a tiny camera that was broadcasting to Oracle, so perhaps help was on the way. It wasn't transmitting now, as deep underground as they were, but she'd know they'd been captured even if her phone and earpiece had been taken away.

She just had to wait for a rescue, or come up with a new plan to get them out of here.

If not, well Midas seemed more reasonable than most villains and perhaps she could talk her way out of this mess.

Spotting Shadow Stalker pacing, she sighed. She shouldn't have brought her on this, not because she wasn't skilled enough but because she shouldn't have put a ward in this kind of danger.

Ugh, she sounded like the PRT people, she left in the first place, because they wouldn't let her put herself in danger when she was a ward, now she was the one trying to stop someone very much like her younger self from taking risks.

"Don't worry, Shadow. Midas can't risk holding you for long, kidnapping a ward is the kind of thing that gets far more attention than he wants." Helena said, getting her attention. "He'll let you go, I'm sure of it."

"And what about you?" Shadow asked after a moment, making her sigh.

"Well, we'll have to wait and see, I can't see a way to unlock my cell and I can't use my power without something to imbue it into." Helena said, plus they were still cuffed.

A scream of pain drew her attention from her cuffed hands as she saw Shadow twitching on the floor, having tried to shift and slip out of her cuffs.

"Fuck." Shadow Stalker said bluntly, making her laugh slightly at the bluntness.

Jin

"My apologies for the interruption, but it was necessary for the eventual success of the League." I say calmly, making Copperhead's eyes narrow.

"Wouldn't it work better for us to stay under the radar?" Copperhead asked, getting some support as she asked my pre-written question.

"Of course, and in a world without Thinkers I'd definitely prefer that. Unfortunately, we don't live in that imaginary world, and since we were going to be discovered either way, I'd rather control the initial information leak. Prophet alone would have discovered and exposed us within the week, this way we start with a victory." I explain, making Copperhead pause before she shrugged and relaxed. "Now, to finalise the services the League can offer, and those that I intend to arrange later on, I have access to healing tinkertech, those paying attention to my territory have probably already heard the rumours of my pods, and I intend to provide League members access to them at far lower costs than I'll be charging other people."

"So that's true? Quite the money maker, if they're as good as you say." Roulette says, the mention of money getting her attention.

"They are, think of Panacea but slower acting." I assure her, generating impressed looks around the table. Even Deathstroke who has seemed mostly uninterested is paying attention now. "I also intend to arrange for the League to provide money laundering, banking, and auctions for any stolen goods the thieves among us may acquire, allowing them to get better prices than they'd get from a fence. Transportation and smuggling services, lawyers for if the worst should happen. I am even willing to rent out my own minions to your schemes for those of you who don't have your own forces, for a cut of course." I say easily, we are all villains and we don't work for free.

"I plan to also provide neutral meeting grounds for us to use, and a contracting agency, allowing members to find clients easier. I have hopes to be able to provide quite a bit more as well, but I'd prefer to secure a Cape I'm working on collecting first."

If I can get Panacea to join Midas full-time, she could provide more than a few services, but it's going to be a challenge.

Honestly I could probably get her to leave New Wave tomorrow, but the jump into villainy would be a very different story.

"So, for anyone who isn't interested in joining, you're free to leave now. I assure you that there will be no hard feelings and I understand if you'd prefer to remain entirely independent." I say, looking through the room as the villains loom around, each waiting for someone else to be the first to leave.

After a minute passes, I smile to myself and lean back.

"In that case, it's my honour to call an end to the first formal meeting of the League of Villains, and I look forward to working with you all. May we all retire unbelievably rich." I say with a chuckle.

"Now you're speaking my language, because I definitely believe in a lot of wealth." Roulette says as she raises the drink she brought from the bar in a mock salute.

"With the meeting ended, you're all free to leave whenever you wish, the bar has been restocked and there are rooms prepared on the top floor for any who wish to rest, I only ask that you leave a method for you to be contacted so I can inform you when other services or branches are up and running." I say, bringing the meeting to an end, a great success worth celebrating, not that my work is over. "I also have a token for each of you, to mark your membership to the League, it grants you access to the hotel's less public sections."

As I speak, one of my valet minions (the first minion from the Covert branch) hands out the small golden membership cards.

"They are made of a golden alloy only I can make, meaning that they can't be easily forged, though please report to the League if yours is lost or stolen."

I had my fabricators make them out of plastic, then turned them to the golden alloy myself.

Mingling among the various villains as I get a drink for myself, I chuckle as I see Catwoman approaching me.

Rabbit has already vanished, Jaina calling her back to stop her from causing any trouble, and as I scan the room I see Scarecrow get a whisky and head out.

I hope he drinks in moderation because drinking and tinkering sounds like a recipe for disaster.

"You know, its impressive that you can sit there and talk about Independents working together when you had your pet fuck-bunny rob me not a day before you invited me here." Selina says as she leans against the bar.

"Rabbit is rather independent, I gave her permission to go out and steal, trusting her to choose her own target, I wasn't aware of your rivalry with her at the time." I say, making her smirk.

"Aww, is the big bad thinker admitting he didn't know something?" Selina asks, her tone taunting as she looks up at me.

"Of course, the only thing I know is that I don't know enough, only a fool thinks he knows everything there is to know." I say calmly, causing her to scowl as I fail to rise to her bait.

"I could walk, let the rest know you robbed me while playing the role of this gentle king." Selina says, pausing as I openly laugh.

"Catwoman, we are all villains. A few days ago we had no agreement to not target each other, so why would you getting robbed bother the rest of them?" I ask, making her scowl again as she realised that I'm right. "And you could walk, you're free to do so if you hand over the membership card, you're a good thief but far from the best and you're easily replaced. You'll just be making things more difficult for yourself, at no cost to me."

"Oh fuck you." Selina scoffed, making me laugh again. "I want my treasures back."

"Then stop being such a pussy and steal them back, I can promise you right here and now that if you manage to get into my vault and retrieve them all, there will be no repercussions." I say idly, making her pause as she narrows her eyes.

"Oh you are a bastard, you want me to test your defences don't you." Selina realises, watching as I reach into my pocket and pull out a tiny emerald figurine of a cat, tossing it over to her. "Fine, challenge accepted, you're still a bastard though."

"I'm the leader of a gang of villains, of course I'm a bastard. I take it you'll be able to find my base without directions? It's the one that had a mountain of Merchant corpses outside it a few days ago." I deadpan, the threat clear as she scowls up at me.

"And if I get caught?" Selina asks, making me chuckle.

"As a member of the League, I won't be too harsh on you, I'm sure we can come to an agreement if you're incompetent enough to get captured on your way in. Oh, as a small note, Rabbit successfully broke into my vault when I asked her to test it, surely you can do better, right?" I taunt, I can hear Dusty Ash giggling as she listens in to our conversation.

"You're gonna regret giving me a free pass to rob you, I'm taking everything I can carry and then some." Selina threatens, my smile not changing.

That vault literally just has her stuff in it, the rest has been moved to my main base.

"Perhaps, good luck kitty-cat." I say, waving at her mockingly as she stalks away.

"There's nothing in your vault, is there?" Dusty asks, swirling her drink.

"Not a thing, other than her 'treasures'." I admit, making her giggle again.

"Then I'm glad I'm on your side, more or less." Dusty says, giving me a mock toast with her drink as she takes a sip. "So, power upgrading… I wondered why you'd bother inviting me, I'm a discount Grue after all, hanging the offer for a better power in front of me is cruel you know, especially now that I don't have a team." Dusty says, her lips quirking playfully. "This is why people are scared of Thinkers, I can't help feeling like a puppet, dancing to your strings."

"We all have to work with the skills we have, it just happens that predicting how people will react is one of mine, should I take that to mean you're interested in an upgrade?" I ask, equally playfully.

"Like you need me to say it. And you probably also know I'm basically broke at this point, the PRT confiscated our stash, so what's a girl got to do to get you to put those magic hands to use?" Dusty asks, sitting down facing me, as she gives me a sultry smirk. Reaching forwards, I place my hand on her bare leg and smile as I slowly run it up her leg.

Her shard immediately allowed me access, all but throwing the options at me as it waited excitedly like an overeager puppy seeing a treat.

"Hmm, first, what are you looking for? I could make your dust incredibly hot, letting you burn people trapped inside it… or maybe you'd prefer to be able to mentally control your dust?" I ask, still rubbing her leg as my hand slips into her inner thigh, her legs parting slightly.

I can feel the power to change into a dust form, but she'd need the telekinetic control first, some powers are like that, you need something else to be unlocked first.

"Control it, that's an easy one. Right now I have to produce loads of it for it to be of any use, and that makes my skin dry and painful. Being able to control it gives me more options, I'm not really a fighter anyway." Dusty admits, closing her legs down on my hand as she gives me a smirk. "So, what's it gonna cost me?"

"Five jobs, to be called in whenever I desire, you'll be paid a fair price, don't worry, but I get to call on you for whatever jobs I want." I say, making her narrow her eyes before she smiles.

"Four, and you have a deal." Dusty says, making me smirk.

I wanted her for three, but you should always start higher than your goal.

Without answering, I reach out and use my power on her shard, feeling a sensation of happiness from it as I work.

"A pleasure doing business with you, Miss Ash." I say with a smile, getting one back.

"Speaking of pleasure… I'm gonna take you up on that offer of a room for tonight, my room will be unlocked, if you wanna celebrate our new alliance a little more." Dusty says, the side of my finger pressing against her panties as she stands up, walking away with a sway to her hips.

Watching her hips as she leaves, I chuckle and rise, walking over to Rachel as she looks at me, still in her were-form.

Reaching down; I casually stroke her pets head, the dog hesitating before it lets me.

"Good work tonight Rachel, your demonstration was very useful." I say, reaching up and stroking her own furry head, scratching her ears fearlessly as she stares back at me, shifting to her human form after a moment, uncaring of her nudity.

According to Lisa, Rachel kinda gave up on wearing clothes most of the time because she didn't see the point after she ruined the third outfit in one day, not wanting to waste money on clothes when she could spend it on dogs.

My hand is still stroking her hair, and she's happily pushing her head against my hand, even if her face hasn't changed from her usual blank expression.

"It was nothing, boss." Rachel says calmly, uncaring of her complete nudity in such a public place. Rachel isn't a traditional beauty, quite muscled with smallish breasts, but she isn't unattractive either, her ass is definitely her best feature.

"Is that all? I had to leave Angelica and Judas behind." Rachel says simply, making me nod as I pull my hand away watching her frown for a split second.

"Of course, one of my men is waiting outside to drive you home. There's also something I'm arranging as a reward for your good work, but that will have to wait until we have more privacy." I say, making her nod as she immediately turns and walks out of the room, not bothering with goodbyes now that she's been dismissed.

I don't take it personally, she's a simple woman with simple needs, and she doesn't want to be away from her dogs. I can respect that.

Rachel

Sitting in the back of the fancy car with tinted windows, she paused as she sees her phone start to vibrate, she left it in the car because she didn't want to lose it when she turned, she normally just made Lisa carry it for her.

The message was from Midas, making her frown in confusion at why he didn't just tell her whatever he was messaging her before she left.

Seeing an address, she blinked in confusion before the second message came through.

Boss: The location of Hookwolf's dog fighting ring, it's still running even with him gone, Cricket seems to be handling it but she's very hands off, mostly unpowered gang members, talk to Lisa and make a plan. She's been told to support you.

Seeing Hookwolf as a slave was satisfying for her, but this?

The Boss understood her, probably some Thinker bullshit, but she didn't care about the how, all that mattered was that he knew what she wanted perhaps better than she did.

Lisa: Already looked into it, it should be an easy job for us. Get your dogs ready and we can hit it tonight, Brian is being a pain but I'm in charge now so he'll listen.

Tonight, a lot of poor dogs would be freed and taken. to their new home, where she'd take care of them and train them and make sure they were safe and happy.

If Brian didn't want to help, she'd make him, she was pretty sure she was stronger than him now, her other form should be more than enough to handle him if she got him in a tight enclosed space. She wouldn't let his bitterness stop her from saving the dogs.

If Cricket wanted to stop her, she'd tear the bitch apart.

Every action he took convinced her that Midas was the right person to follow, and she nodded to herself as she reconfirmed her decision to obey him.

She'd do almost anything to repay him, as long as it didn't hurt her dogs.

Jin

"This has been enlightening King Midas, but I have places to be. I don't want the Empire getting any ideas about raiding my gardens while I'm gone, though I do thank you for the secret tunnel out." Ivy says, giving me a smile as she approaches and offers her hand which I take and kiss.

"It was nothing, thank you for agreeing to come. I did want to talk to you about a job, but we can always talk later." I say politely, making her pause.

"Well, that changes things… I have a few minutes to spare, what did you want from little old me?" Ivy asks, her tone seductive but I know better than to read into it.

Ivy is one of the original femme fatales from the comic books, seduction is one of her more dangerous weapons.

"It's nothing major, I was simply hoping to hire you to fix the dying parks around my territory, the Merchants left them in quite a state and my minions can only fix so much." I say, beautification is an important part of territory management.

"Consider me interested, I don't have time at the moment, but when the Empire is less… aggressive I'd be happy to help make those poor babies flourish." Ivy agrees happily before she pauses. "For a price, of course."

"Of course." I agree with a chuckle. If you're good at something, never do it for free.

"But as I said, I don't want the Neo-Nazi assholes to realise I'm not in my lair anymore. It has been a pleasure, your highness. Come along, pet." Ivy says idly to Hookwolf, making him perk up at being addressed.

What a sad state of affairs, but it couldn't have happened to a better asshole. Hookwolf was probably the most dangerous cape the Empire had, certainly the most unhinged, and having him stolen away somewhat exposed the Empire to attack.

The Undersiders attack on the dog fighting ring will help me get a better understanding of the situation they are in, specifically if they are in good enough shape to be able to protect themselves from small attacks on their territory. If they are I have plans to pull the Undersiders out of the fire and if they aren't I have plans to capitalise on their weakness.

The ABB are a threat because of Lung, he's the main cornerstone that holds the Azn Bad Boys together, the Empire are a threat because they are large, coordinated and powerful.

I know which one I want to weaken first.

Anything short of killing Lung would merely inconvenience the ABB, the rest of their capes are expendable as long as they have the fucker who 1v1'd an Endbringer, while any cape the Empire loses is a dangerous loss.

Lung can't be everywhere, and I can work around him if I need to. The Empire is far more widespread with their massive cape roster.

"So, we are about to leave ourselves, before Harley can pick a fight." Circus deadpans, making Harley pout to herself. "But I need to ask, are we going to have a problem with us having a hideout in your territory?" He… she asks.

I honestly have no idea which it is.

"You mean your ship?" I ask, making them all freeze. "…did you think I didn't know where you lived? Harley literally painted a picture of herself on the side, you have a pair of hyenas wandering around it, how could I possibly have missed it?" I ask, making Circus and Punchline both turn to glare at their sheepish teammate.

"I told you the hyenas attracted too much attention." Circus growled, making Harley shrug. "

"I ain't apologising." Harley says bluntly, her Brooklyn accent very noticeable. "Look, Mr M obviously don't mind us being there, ain't that right big guy?" Harley says, throwing her arm around my shoulder. "I was just joking about the whole overcompensating thing, Rabbit told me you're packing. I just like clownin around, heh get it?"

"Quite, if I ever need a jester for my royal court, I'll keep you in mind." I deadpan, making her beam as she moves away, giving me a slight spank on the ass.

"See, it's all good!" Harley reassures her team.

"As long as you don't cause trouble in my territory, I have no issues with you having your hideout here, so no we don't have a problem." I agree, making Circus grin.

"Good to know, now if you'll excuse me we need to have a talk about why secret hideouts shouldn't have our faces painted on the side." Circus deadpans, grabbing Harley by her headgear and dragging her out of the room.

"Hey! Lemme go!"

"…I can't believe I almost joined those three." A small voice says, attracting my attention to the short grey skinned girl as she looks at the retreating clowns.

"I can see why they'd want you Jinx." I say, making her look up at me in surprise.

"I do fit their theme… but I don't get why you'd invite me here, I'm kinda a nobody." Jinx admits, and she isn't wrong. She has a total of two small-time robberies under her name.

"I invited you because I saw your potential, and I didn't want to see you snapped up by some other villain group, or worse, the wards. It doesn't matter if you aren't anyone yet, you will be." I reassure her, making her blush, her grey cheeks turned a darker shade as she looks up at me.

"Oh… wow, Umm, thanks?" Jinx says awkwardly, blushing as she stares up at me.

"You're most welcome, it's the truth after all." I say, patting her on the shoulder, my hand brushing against her bare skin as I immediately jump to work, accessing her shard and making a change in the second I have skin contact.

She shuddered pleasurably as I do, staring up at me in shock and confusion

"Besides, I take pride in encouraging the success of new villains, and I look forward to seeing what you can do in the future." I say with a sly wink, her eyes widening as she realises she just got one hell of a freebie.

Sometimes, it's more profitable to give your product away for free, this is one of those times.

"T-thank you?!" Jinx half shouts, half questions as I give her another pat on the shoulder and move along leaving her with more questions than answers and an upgraded power.

All I did was give her the ability to absorb the good luck from people she jinxes, and she's so unknown at the moment that people won't even realise she's been upgraded.

But she will.

Moving around, I approach Waylon as he sits in the corner, drinking whiskey from a bottle.

"Nice place, is my room ready?" Waylon asks immediately, making me nod with a smile. "Then you've got a deal, as long as you keep paying I'll play bouncer for your little club house." he scoffs.

I thought it'd be good to have a permanent cape stationed at this branch as a guard, and Killer Croc is for hire so it seemed like a match made in heaven. He's intimidating enough that most troublemakers won't try anything and decently powerful enough to hold his own if they do.

"I'm glad to hear it." I start, making him scoff.

"Then we've got nothing more to talk about, so fuck off and let me drink in peace." Killer Croc says bluntly, several bottles on his table as I chuckle.

Not much of a people person, but as long as he does his job I don't care.

Most of the villains are getting ready to leave, either to take one of the offered rooms or head home, Deathstroke and Terra have already headed to one of the luxury rooms I had prepared… along with a considerable amount of alcohol.

Giganta has taken a room as well, so have Star Sapphire, Volcana and Copperhead. It is late after all.

Giganta has a special room, with a bigger bed for her larger size, because I want her to feel comfortable.

"I knew you'd make me rich, but I have to say I didn't see this coming." Roulette says, approaching me as I sit at the bar, getting another drink myself.

"Money is something we both hold close to our hearts, isn't it?" I ask with a smile as she giggles.

"Indeed, so the question is… what do you have planned to make us both filthy rich?" Roulette asks, making me smile at her.

"I plan to put your power to better use than the little schemes you've been pulling off." I deadpan, watching her eyes narrow slightly before she laughs.

"You know, I should have known you knew what my powers… we shook hands when I arrived, oh you are sneaky." Roulette says with a laugh, realising that she'd accidentally let me confirm my suspicions of her powers.

Roulette is a Thinker, but one similar to Accord where she can make plans… and her speciality? Money.

She's literally a financial thinker.

"Very well, what do you want me to do? I can almost smell the wealth it'll bring us all." Roulette says, still looking impressed.

"Your power is impressive, and who better to be in charge of the League's financial services than someone who takes money so very seriously?" I ask, making her pause as she stares at me, trying to work out how serious I am.

"Holy shit you actually mean it." Roulette says bluntly as I smile at her. "I don't know, baby, I'm not one for full time work like that." Roulette says hesitantly.

"One million dollars and a power upgrade, that's your signing bonus." I say idly, making her freeze. "Four million more if you can prove I'm right about your potential and set up the leagues fence and auction network." I continue, making her bite her lip.

She's run some pretty big schemes, but the problem Roulette has is that she is a big spender, which means she always needs more money.

"Fuck." Roulette says bluntly, knowing she's going to accept. "Do you want to put the collar and leash on me now or are you going to wait until later? This is why I avoid other Thinkers." Roulette sighs, even as she smiles.

There's practically flashing dollar signs in her eyes, and she clearly isn't too upset over being recruited as a 'staff member' for the League instead of a regular member, because Roulette puts wealth above almost everyone else.

"Later will be fine." I casually reply, making her grin at the blatant admission.

"Fine, I'm in. Not that you didn't already know my answer." Roulette says, saying nothing as I reach out and instead of grabbing her exposed shoulder, I slip my hand into the slit up the side of her dress and rest it on her ass instead, looking at her options and immediately picking one.

Her shard is the source of her wealth obsession, I can sense that immediately.

Giving her ass a little squeeze, I pull back as she gasps, not at my actions but at what she sees.

"How the fuck do you have that much money?!" Roulette asks, practically drooling as she stares at me.

The power upgrade I gave her just tells her how much wealth the person she is looking at has, and I've noticed that thinker powers I grant bypass Blank, something to watch out for.

Fun fact, it doesn't just count money, but possessions… like the massive pile of gold I have.

"King Midas, remember?" I deadpan. "Just remember, stick with me and you'll have more money than even you could ever spend, I believe in keeping my friends rich."

Blackfire

Watching Midas wander around, making the dumb villains eat out of the palm of his hands, she scoffed.

This place held a lot of potential, but unlike the rest of these weaklings she didn't need a League backing her up, she had a different purpose for coming here.

As the money obsessed woman practically drooled over Midas, she rolled her eyes as she sipped at her drink.

There were two things she wanted in Brockton.

One, to put Kori back in her place now that she'd gotten so uppity, she knew Midas thought he was being clever telling her about her sister becoming a hero, but he was just giving her free information.

Kori has always been the favourite, the precious little princess, and destroying her parents when she finally got her powers from that phial had been oh so satisfying, but she didn't settle for just killing them, not after she'd been treated as second rate compared to that brat.

Her father got to watch as a dozen ABB thugs had their way with his wife, while she stroked his cock and told him he'd die the second he came.

He was stronger willed than she realised, managing to hold back even as she skilfully stroked his cock, but she wasn't willing to let him win and he barely lasted five minutes when she escalated and took him into her mouth, she could remember looking up at the unwanted relief on his face as the salty taste flooded her mouth, and the look of horror on his face as her hand aimed up at him, a flash of pink ending his life.

She could also remember the muffled screams of horror from her mother through a dick in her mouth.

Then, Kori arrived home and she'd been too shocked to even put up a fight as she was grabbed, both her and her mother being sold off to an ABB brothel, where they'd spend the rest of their days taking cocks like the worthless whores they were.

Lung tried to force her to join of course, but while he'd never admit it, he was scared of her, why else would he back off when she refused, she could end him and the pathetic lizard knew it so she took her money and moved on.

She only came back occasionally to rent their services, because it gave her a special feeling of power to look down into the hate-filled eyes of her mother and sister as they reluctantly pleasured her.

Kori might be worthless, but at least she had a good tongue on her, and there was something hilarious about forcing them to put on a show for her.

And now the little bitch thought she could be a hero? She was a cock-sleeve, just a set of holes made to be used, and she thought she could be more than that?!

She'd put the little whore back in her place.

And the other thing she wanted was simple, the more she heard about King Midas the more she realised how much she liked the sound of Queen Blackfire.

But she didn't have the patience to build an empire like he had, to spend time building up this shithole of a city into something worth her attention.

So she'd let him do it, and take it from him once he was done, because what was a King without a Queen? She'd slither into his good graces, get him to make her already immense power even better, and when she had no use for him anymore, she'd destroy him entirely and take his place.

Or maybe she'd keep him around, not as her King but as a pet who could do the tedious things for her. She could picture it now, sitting on a golden throne with Kori and Midas in chains at her feet, maybe if he behaved she'd let him have the little slut.

But she wasn't easy, and she needed to bide her time. She couldn't rush with a thinker, and expose her true agenda.

She'd use the League, she'd use Midas, and at the end they'd all be calling her Queen.

Jin

She could be maniacally laughing while shouting 'you'll get yours' and it'd be less ominous than the looks Blackfire was giving me.

She's obviously going to be a problem, but with Starfire in the city it was only a matter of time before she came back, I just want to be able to have some measure of control over her actions.

Cheetah has unfortunately fled, but I've all but put the collar around her neck already so I can give her leash a tug later on if I need to, she owes me and I don't intend to let her forget that.

With everyone finally gone, I head upstairs to the room Dusty is in, knocking on the door before I enter, not waiting for her to call me in as I enter with a smirk, looking at her as she lays back on the bed, a sultry smirk on her face.

"I was wondering if you were going to come, I know you're a busy guy but it makes a girl feel self-conscious when she offers her body to a handsome older man and he doesn't show up, you know?" Dusty says as she rises from the bed, already naked except for her goggles, which really don't do anything to hide her identity.

That doesn't mean I can see anything, a thick cloud of dust is swirling around her, covering her pussy and breasts as she gives me a sultry grin, strutting towards me.

"It's so easy, almost like I should have been able to do this all along." Dusty says, moving the dust away as she exposes herself to me, the dust flying into the air and forming into a star, then a crescent moon as she makes shapes with it easily.

"I'm glad you're satisfied with your purchase." I say playfully as she lets it all fall to the floor and form a thin layer above the hotel floor, coming up to our ankles as I approach.

"Oh, I'm satisfied… but now it's time you are as well." Dusty growls, grabbing me by the shirt and pulling me towards the bed, throwing me onto it and immediately mounting me.

Undoing my belt, she quickly pulls out my cock with a growing grin and she wastes no time, immediately sinking down on it.

Sometimes, it's good to be the King.

Sophia

She didn't know how long she'd been stuck in this cell, but the pain from her last attempt told her that trying to escape her cuffs again wasn't a good idea, so she'd just silently sat on the bed and waited.

The PRT had definitely noticed she was missing by now, and since she wasn't supposed to go on patrols without their permission that was going to lead to some uncomfortable questions but she could probably escape the worst of it by giving them the information she had gathered.

It had definitely been at least a single night, she was hungry, thirsty and tired, not that she'd sleep in a villain's base.

She hadn't even been able to talk to Huntress, the other heroine had nodded at the cameras and she understood immediately, Midas would hear everything they said and you never knew what would give Thinkers the information they needed.

As the doors finally opened, they both sat up quickly and stared at Midas himself as he entered the cells, looking from her to Huntress several times.

Moving over to her cell, he opened it and gestured for her to stand up.

"We'll start with you, come along Shadow Stalker, and don't try anything, I doubt you want to be shocked again." Midas deadpanned, turning and walking back out of the prison as he ignored Huntress.

Looking at the older heroine, she reluctantly nodded for her to go with him, making her scowl as she followed behind him.

She was a predator, a badass, she'd get out of this no matter what Midas tried, because she was a survivor.

Following behind the villain, she tried to memorise the path they took through the hallways but the plain dark grey walls and black floors made it hard as every corridor looked the same. Finally they turned into a room and she froze in the doorway as she saw what was inside.

She didn't know what she expected, but a comfortable looking lounge wasn't it, and as he sat down in the armchair, he gestured at the couch at the other side of the coffee table, making her reluctantly sit down.

She probably wasn't going to be tortured then, maybe raped though.

"I have to say, I might have made preparations to counter your powers, Shadow Stalker, but I didn't expect you to show up so quickly. Tell me, are you here with your handler's permission?" Midas asked calmly, making her scowl at his wording.

She didn't respond as he stared at her, making him chuckle.

"That's a no then, because they don't seem to be coming to your rescue, and even full Protectorate heroes don't do these kinds of missions with no warning." Midas continued, unconcerned by her lack of a response. "Which means you've been a naughty girl, sneaking out and breaking your probation like that."

His teasing tone cut at her pride, making her scowl even deeper at the way he was treating her, she wasn't a child sneaking out while grounded.

"Fuck you." Sophia said, not the best insult but that was more Emma's thing, physical intimidation was hers, and she wasn't in a position to do that.

"Is that an offer? Trying to barter your way out of this mess?" Midas taunted lazily, making her scoff even as she felt her body run cold at the very real possibility that she was going to get fucked by a villain.

This wasn't her, she wasn't a fucking victim.

"You can't keep me here, Huntress's allies know I was with her, they'll tell the PRT. You think you can handle the heat from kidnapping a ward?" Sophia bit back, making him laugh to himself.

"Oh, you seem to be misunderstanding something." Midas laughed, making her frown at him. "I have no intention of keeping you, that's not the mess I meant." Midas said, still chuckling. "I meant the mess you'll be in when I let you go, when you have to explain to your masters how you ended up being captured by the villain who is giving them so much bad PR. A ward out on a mission with no PRT oversight? I can hear the Youth Guards ranting already, you'll be put on a much stricter probation… especially when I hand these over along with you." Midas said, reaching under the desk and pulling out her crossbow bolts… the steel ones that she wasn't supposed to carry any more. Her knife went next to them on the table as she reconsidered her situation.

For a second she thought she could explain the knife away as just a utility thing, only she couldn't, because it had the tiniest amount of dried blood on it, as did some of her bolts. She knew Armsmaster would find it, and then she was metaphorically fucked.

Staying silent, she glared at him from under her mask as he smirked at her.

"I don't have to worry about you, Shadow Stalker, because once I give you back to the PRT I'll probably never see you again, I'll be surprised if you ever get to patrol again. You're the PRT's poster child of how dangerous vigilantes can be tamed, so when it's publicly revealed that you're still going back to your old ways? Oh, your owners aren't going to like that." Midas monologued as she glared at him.

"I am not tame." Sophia hissed, making him chuckle again.

"Perhaps not as tame as the PRT wishes, but you are tamed. You used to be a wolf, a predator that criminals feared would swoop down on them at night, but now? You're just a show dog, paraded around by your trainers, the fact that you occasionally sneak away and bite a few people doesn't make you any less of a show dog, it just means you're a disobedient one." Midas taunted, making her stand angrily as she glowered at him furiously.

"Shut the fuck up." Sophia shouted, Midas smiled, utterly unimpressed by her showing.

"Clearly this isn't going anywhere." Midas said, pulling out his phone and typing a number. "Hello, is this the number for the Parahuman Response Team? Ahh, it is, excellent. Yes, I'd like to report a captured ward, can you put me through to Armsmaster?" Midas said happily.

…was he calling the public number for the PRT?

"Who am I? Oh, sorry. I'm King Midas, Armsmaster and I met before. Yes, I have a Ward captive, that's what I just said." Midas said calmly, utterly unconcerned by the ridiculousness of his statement. "Director Piggot? Yes, that works just as well."

Oh, she was fucked.

Piggy was going to eat her alive.

"Ahh, hello Director. I'm impressed you were able to speak with me so soon. What? Oh no, I apologise, you've misunderstood. I haven't kidnapped anyone, Shadow Stalker decided to sneak into one of my bases last night, she was captured of course. I just want to arrange a drop off point where I can hand her over, she's taking up space you understand. No, I don't have a price, this isn't a ransom." Midas said calmly. "Well, you know how children are, so sure they know best. No, she hasn't been harmed, other than getting herself shocked when she tried to escape. Hmm, no, I'd prefer somewhere public, I'm sure you understand. You want to speak to her? Of course." Midas said calmly, moving over and sitting next to her as she held the phone up to her ear.

"Hello?" Sophia said, hating how hesitant she sounded.

"You had better have a damn good explanation for this." Piggot practically snarled over the line, the venom almost making her flinch. "Have you been hurt?"

"Uh, no. I got shocked trying to get the cuffs off but-"

"Tell Midas to take the phone back, I'll deal with you later." Piggot growled, making Midas pull the phone back as he moved back to his seat.

"I'm thinking the Boardwalk will be fine, oh I'm sure it will be, but surely us mature adults can deal with a simple handover without it resulting in violence? Midday should work best, Miss Militia? That works fine, it was a true pleasure speaking with you."

Even this far from the phone, she could have swore she heard an inarticulate scream of rage as the phone call ended.

"And if that's how upset she is that you've been captured, how is she going to react to these?" Midas asked, pulling out one of the bolts, casually tossing it to himself.

"They won't believe you, I'll say you planted them-"

"And Armsmaster will take all of five minutes to prove you're full of shit, Tinkers are bullshit like that." Midas said idly as she froze, the fucking robot would definitely do that, didn't Kid Win mention a fucking lie decector in his helmet? "Of course, I could keep your weapons as trophies, make that nasty evidence disappear so you're only mostly fucked." Midas offered as she stared at him. "With the information you 'managed to retrieve' you might even avoid the worth of your punishments."

So that was his game.

"Fuck you, and that wasn't an offer." Sophia growled, staring at him.

"Honestly it's a disappointment you joined the Wards, we aren't that different after all. We both are doing our part to clean the city up, you'd fit into my organisation well, a true hunter taking out the trash that infests this city. The PRT is wasting your potential, I'd have given you a couple of upgrades, and free reign to punish those who break the rules I enforce." Midas said idly.

"I'm not a fucking villain, we have nothing in common." Sophia said, her words sounding weak even to her ears.

Despite herself, she could picture it all too well, no more stupid rules or regulations, just her, her crossbow and a load of soon to be dead criminals.

"Hmm? If you say so, anyway… we have three hours before it's time for you to be handed back to your masters, sure you don't want to make these disappear?" Midas asked, waving her bolts at her playfully.

Later

As she got out of the black Mercedes Benz she immediately froze as she saw the utterly unamused look on Miss Militia's face, Midas getting out behind her and pushing her forwards towards the waiting PRT forces, Velocity and a dozen PRT troops were behind Miss Militia, a dozen feet back, as she walked towards them.

"Here you go, one naughty little Ward as promised. Do try and keep her on a shorter leash, I doubt Kaiser or Lung would be so understanding." Midas joked as he reached down and undid her cuffs. "But kids will be kids, I suppose that's why the Wards exist in the first place."

"It is, you have my thanks for returning Shadow Stalker, King Midas." Miss Militia said politely, her tone somewhat strained as she gave Sophia a very cold warning stare, making her quickly move over to the PRT Troops.

She was in so much trouble.

"It was nothing, I'm glad we could come to an agreement and get her out of my hands so quickly, I have more important things to deal with than a kid breaking and entering, now… if you'll excuse me, a King's work is never done. Shadow Stalker it's been… well, perhaps not a pleasure but it's been interesting all the same." Midas said as he calmly re-entered his car, closing the door as it immediately drove off.

"You're just gonna let him go?" Sophia asked, making Miss Militia turn to her with a look that could best be described as disgust.

"Yes, now get in the van and don't say a word until we get back, you have a lot of explaining to do." Miss Militia grumbled.

But she didn't have to explain away her bolts, so perhaps she could still get out of this.

Not completely, she'd seen Midas's minion holding the camera for the exchange, along with the curious audience.

But maybe she wasn't completely and utterly fucked just yet.

Jin

On the drive back, I looked over my quest options and picked one that I think will help me the most. The Cult Leader offers a trump and master power, along with a perk and that sounds helpful with all that's going on.

To my surprise, the quest completes the second I accept it leaving me staring at the box in confusion as I read through it.

[Cult Leader Unlock Quest]
Objective One: Gain a Worshipper
Objective Two: Form an organisation

…okay, I understand the organisation but who the fuck worships me?

Manami Aiba

Staring at the videos of her King handing over the dumb girl who thought she could sneak past him, she rubbed her thighs together as she started working to make sure everyone knew about his mercy.

Also to correct the idiots who just called him Midas, it was King Midas, damnit.

Behind her computer screen, a giant blown up poster of King Midas stared down at her, a playful smirk on his face as he looked towards the camera.

It was her favourite frame from his first appearance, and her room was covered in pictures and posters she'd made of him.

King Midas was her everything, and looking down she blushed as she looked down at the shiny golden underwear she'd ordered, it was so stupid but it made her feel like she was secretly supporting him even when she had to leave her house, maybe she should get a tattoo?

What if he didn't like tattoos? If they were a turn off- wait, what the hell was she thinking, King Midas would never have interest in a midget like her, would he?

But… what if he was? What if he didn't look down at her for her childish body?

As she typed furiously with one hand, her other slowly worked its way down her body, slipping under the golden panties.

Her King~

Jin

Heh

Thanks Neith, very helpful.

I'll take a free quest, I don't care.

Trump
[Pump it] - Cult Leader
You lift, so well in fact that by helping other people work out you can grant them a low level brute/mover rating, how does this work? Hell if I know, don't question it too much and just start pumping iron. Work those glutes or something, idk I never worked out.

Master
[Would you kindly?]- Cult Leader
By adding a specific phase to your requests, you can slowly train a person to respond to that phrase. "Would you kindly open the door for me?" can lead to "Would you kindly kill your family for me?" with enough time and subtly.

Cult Leader
[Err, do we attack now or…]
Ever wondered why the heroes just sit around and listen to the villain monologuing instead of just punching them in the face? Wonder no longer, because this perk does exactly that. If you monologue before or during combat, the heroes will be far more likely to just let you speak instead of attacking.

Well, well… I can definitely use these, and as we arrive back at one of the entrances to my base, I make my way down to a very specific room with a smile on my face as I enter it, looking at the woman strapped down to the interrogation chair, naked asides from her mask.

"My apologies, Huntress, I wanted to send the kids away before we got to the serious stuff, I'm sure you understand." I say calmly, looking over her body with a smile. "But now it's time for us grown-ups to talk, don't you think?"

Author's Note: And the Hero/Prophet focused chapter was delayed again, but it had to be done. I always underestimate how many words each scene will be, and end up adding more scenes as I go.

And Yes, Amy and Vicky are coming back soon.
"Sanity and happiness are an impossible combination."
― Mark Twain

​
My Discord, come here for porn and also sometimes fics: https://discord.gg/wd3tUYWVCd

My Patreon, I promise to spend any money given to me irresponsibly: https://www.patreon.com/TheDarkWolfShiro​
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Mickyboiya, gartf, Joel Fischoff and 1,332 others
The Dark Wolf Shiro
Jul 8, 2021
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 14: We Could Be Heroes
View content
The Dark Wolf Shiro
The Dark Wolf Shiro
Everyone Hail to the Pumpkin King
JoinedApr 1, 2019
Messages9,336
Likes received960,957
Jul 12, 2021
Add bookmark
#2,428
Disclaimer: I own nothing but my own original characters and works, if you recognise it from somewhere else, surprise it isn't mine.
Discord Link: discord .gg/ wd3tUYWVCd
Pat reon Link: Pat reon .com/TheDarkWolfShiro
Betad by morde24

The Guild of Gamers: The Supervillain
Chapter 14: We could be heroes

Sophia

This was to stop herself from getting sent to juvie, she had to remind herself as she stood in the room with a single double bed sitting in the middle, slowly removing her outfit.

With the reinforcements coming, and how pissed Piggy was, she wasn't as needed as she used to be, not with a bunch of new heroes coming to help and those two girls they'd wanted to make Wards, the bug bitch and the flying orange girl.

Which meant she couldn't risk Midas handing over those bolts, or her knife… fuck, fuck fuck fuck.

As she finished removing her trousers, pausing for a moment before she pulled down her sports panties as well, her top, cape and bra joining them as she hesitated before she took off her expressionless mask, placing it in the pile as she picked up the silky red veil and hood instead and put them on. The veil itself was opaque enough that it completely hid the lower half of her face and the hood did a decent job of hiding the rest.

As she finished 'dressing' she took a good look at a mirror on the wall, her identity was still protected… but that was about it as two silky red straps covered her breasts, the transparent material doing nothing to hide her breasts, and the flowing skirt wasn't any better as her naked pussy and ass were easy to see through the deep red material.

She looked like a harem girl, not a hero…

But this was the only way she could avoid getting fucked by the entire PRT. She was a survivor, she'd get through this.

As Midas entered, she gave him a furious glare even as he chuckled and set up the camera, facing the bed she was about to get fucked on.

"Now, now, don't be like that. You offered, I just accepted." Midas said idly, looking over her toned body as she scowled at him.

His offer was simple, two favours to be called in for whatever he wanted, and he'd make her weapons disappear, she accepted fully intending to break her word, she should have known better.

The first favour? Fuck Midas on camera so he had the leverage to make sure she kept her word for the second favour.

She was about to film a cape porno, and if she tried to break her word then she'd become the next Glory Girl with her tits and pussy all over the internet.

"Now, sit down on the bed and introduce yourself for the camera." Midas said as he aimed it at her, making her take a deep breath.

"My name is Shadow Stalker, I'm a Ward in Brockton Bay." Sophia said, hiding her anger. "I'm filming this completely of my own free will, as part of a deal with King Midas." Sophia said, with full knowledge that if this ever got out she was going to be completely and utterly fucked, metaphorically speaking unlike the literal fucking about to happen.

Smiling at her wickedly, Midas moved towards the bed as she took a deep breath in preparation. Several cameras watched her from multiple angles as he approached her and gently pushed her down, looming over her as he smirked down at her, his hands reaching down and gently caressing her breast, the silky material providing no protection against his roaming hands as he squeezed her breast. A quiet whimper left her as his other hand moved to her legs, slipping under the skirt and stroking her cunt, dragging his middle finger along her exposed slit as she moaned quietly.

She didn't masturbate, and while she wouldn't admit it to him, she was a virgin, making him the first man to truly enjoy her body like this, it was pathetic how nervous she was.

Women got laid all the time, it was better than dealing with the PRT finding out about her still using real bolts, so why was she almost shaking as Midas pulled the flimsy strap, that barely covered one of her breasts aside and lowered his head, sucking on her nipple as he playfully nibbled on it, quiet moans leaving her as he started to slowly pump his finger into her pussy, adding a second one shortly.

"F-fuck." Sophia whimpered as he sped up, staring up at her in amusement as he rapidly pushed her towards her first climax, the cameras picking up her whimpering moans and gasps as she felt her pussy clench down on his invading fingers.

Huntress would understand right? She wouldn't think Sophia was weak for letting Midas do this? This was the smart choice, avoiding trouble that could follow her for years by putting up with a couple of hours of embarrassment.

It was just a trade…

So why the fuck was she cumming so quickly, humping his hand as he pushed her over the edge, a moan that sounded slutty even to her own ears echoing around the room as she writhed against the soft bedsheets.

Pulling his hand back, Midas grabbed her hips and flipped her over, moving her further onto the bed on her hands and knees as he moved behind her, flipping her skirt up completely as she heard him undo his zipper, something long and hard pushing against her dripping cunt.

Leaning over her, his mouth almost pressed against her ear as he whispered to her, his hand groping her chest while he slowly rubbed his cock up and down her slit.

"I want you to remember this Shadow Stalker. The next time you decide you're strong enough to challenge me, I want you to remember the moment I made you my whore." Midas whispered as he thrust into her, a whimper leaving her as her virginity was snatched away by his rock-hard dick, making him pause before he laughed. "Remember the fact that the last time you thought you could challenge me, it cost you your first time." Midas chuckled as he started to pump into her, his hips slapping against her ass while she moaned and whimpered, the slight pain fading and being replaced with pleasure as she experienced her first fucking.

He didn't show her any mercy, fucking her hard and fast, occasionally spanking her dark buttocks, but she actually prefered it that way, it was shameful enough without being treated like some weak civilian girl.

As his other hand yanked her hair back, she yelped and moaned, unwanted pleasure coursing through her body as his length struck places that had been left untouched all her life.

"Every time you come after me, I'll catch you… and I'll make your body mine again, using you for my pleasure, hero." Midas said with a sneer, slamming his hips forwards as she could only moan in response, silently admitting that she could understand why some women were so obsessed with sex.

She didn't respond, didn't want to give him the satisfaction even as she moaned like a cheap whore, her hips disobeying her as they moved back to meet his thrusts, and before long she could feel his length twitching inside her, instinctively knowing what was about to happen.

As she prepared herself to ask him to pull out, he slammed his hips forwards and with a low groan, released his seed deep into her formerly virgin cunt, the warm, satisfying feeling pushing her over the edge as she came in response to the sensation of her womb being flooded with his cum.

He rested with his still hard length still inside her, leaving her panting as she looked over her shoulder at his smirking face, her cheeks feeling flushed as he slowly pulled out of her pussy. She could feel his seed leaking from her, knowing that it was all caught on camera.

Moving up and sitting against the headboard of the bed, he stroked his length as he gripped her hair and pulled her closer, her body giving up as she just laid there between his legs, his length rubbing against her face, over the veil she was wearing.

Reaching down, he gripped the bottom of the veil and lifted it ever so slightly, slipping his cock under it before he let it fall, her face still covered as his dick pressed against her lips.

"Get to work Shadow Slut." Midas taunted, the tip of his cock pushing against her lips and slowly parting them as she hesitated for a moment before she opened her mouth and let it slip between her teeth.

Part of her wanted to bite down, another part of her told her to stop being a fucking idiot and start sucking.

She had no idea what she was doing, and it was probably obvious to him as she tried to get this over with, sucking on his cock hesitantly as she tasted his seed mixed with her own juices, her tongue pushing against his length clumsily.

She wasn't Madison, she didn't know how to suck a cock, but the idea that her ditsy follower was better at something than her kinda pissed her off and pushed her to try harder to make Midas cum and get this humiliation over with. She was glad half her face was hidden so he couldn't see how stupid she undoubtedly looked as she inexperiencedly bobbed her head, staring up at him.

His smug face made her want to bite down, wipe the triumphant look from his face, but she pushed it down. She had a simple mindset, and while she was no prey she couldn't deny Midas was a bigger, stronger predator, one of the Apex predators of Brockton Bay and as strong as she was she had to submit and let him have his way, for now.

She didn't know how long she spent, dutifully bobbing her head and pushing her tongue against his length, but by the time she felt his cock start to twitch, her jaw hurt.

Pulling back, she grasped his length and stroked it slowly, flinching back as he came, his seed splattering across her upper face and landing in her hair.

"Are we done?" Sophia asked, trying to ignore the string of sticky white seed dripping down her face.

"Not even close, I have you for three hours, it's barely been half an hour." Midas chuckled as she stared in shock. That can't be right, she had to be sucking his cock for at least an hour. "Besides, you offered your body and there's one hole I haven't tainted yet, isn't there?" Midas asked as she paled, reflexively clenching her ass before she growled to herself.

She wouldn't show weakness, she was a fucking predator and she could take everything he had and then some.

"H-how do you want to… do this." Sophia asked quietly, hating the hesitation in her tone as she sat up, staring at the cock that was about to be lodged inside her tight little ass.

Moving the pillows around, he gently lowered her so that she was laid on top of one, her ass propped up by the pillow under her waist, and moved behind her.

There was a camera right in front of her, ready to film her reaction to her lost anal virginity, and several around her to get the moment from multiple angles, catching her used pussy and waiting ass on camera as he flipped her skirt up.

"Reach back, spread your ass for me." Midas ordered giving her a light spank as she obeyed, her legs spread. "I have some lube, would you like me to apply it first?" Midas asked teasingly as she paused.

She'd seen enough rapes to know how much someone going in dry could hurt, the word painal came to mind, but did she really want to play his games?

Who the fuck was she kidding, she'd been playing his games since she changed into a slutty harem girl outfit.

"Please." Sophia bit out, the word feeling alien to her tongue as she winced, something cold being poured onto her exposed asshole.

He worked it in slowly, his middle finger slipping into her virgin hole as he carefully applied the lube before he pulled back with a grin, replacing it with the large bulbous head of his dick.

He took pity on her, slowly pushing into her ass instead of just taking her by force, and as humiliating as it was, she could only be relieved as she bit down on a pillow, the feeling of his fat cock splitting her ass apart, a slightly pained groan slipping out as she clenched the bedsheets.

Taking his time, he slowly filled her ass with his thick cock and paused as he finally bottomed out, leaving her feeling more full than ever before, one hand slipping under her to grope her breast as he started to pull back.

"O-oh fuck~" Sophia moaned out, the pain fading quickly thanks to the preparation, leaving an unexpected amount of pleasure as he started to thrust into her, she sounded like a whore, she looked like a whore… and she was acting like a whore.

What was that saying again? If it looks like a duck and sounds like a duck, it's probably not a zebra.

"W-why does this feel good?" Sophia asked without meaning to, as Midas took her final hole, making Midas chuckle.

"Because you're a repressed little slut, who's just learning about how good sex can be. So busy pretending you're this big badass hero to enjoy the fun parts of life." Midas whispered back, kissing her neck as he started to really pound her, moans and whimpers leaving her as his hand moved down between her legs, fingering her at the same time.

"S-shut the fuck up and fuck me, asshole." Sophia growled, a lewd expression crossing her face as she felt herself start to cum, with a villain's dick inside her tight little ass.

Laughing, he sped up as the bed started to shake from the power behind his thrusts, her poor asshole taking a pounding as she climaxed, a slutty moan leaving her as she shuddered, her lewd expression and sounds caught on camera as Midas pumped his seed into her ass.

"F-fuck… are we done now?" Sophia asked as he slowly pulled out, the feeling of emptiness feeling wrong as he grinned at her.

"Well, that was the first hour, but we have two more to go. You can be on top this time." Midas said idly, her eyes widening as she looked down at his still erect cock.

Oh fuck.

Two Hours Later

Sitting in the back of the expensive car, in full uniform, she admired how well his healing pod had fixed her up, it didn't even hurt to sit down anymore.

Of course she knew he did it to hide the signs of the three hours of constant sex she went through.

"…the video won't be released?" Sophia asked again, making Midas chuckle.

"As long as you keep up your end of the deal, you still owe me one favour." Midas reminded her, his hand running along her upper thigh over her trousers, smirking as her legs subconsciously parted to allow him better access.

She could feel her panties growing wet, as much as she wished she couldn't.

"I know, but I'll be on console duty for ages. I might not be able to get free." Sophia warned, she didn't want the world seeing her be reduced to a moaning whore because she was grounded and couldn't slip away.

"Let me worry about that." Midas reassured her, making her nod as she tried to take her mind off the past three hours.

She thought she knew about sex, but watching some thugs rape a girl too weak to fight back was nothing compared to the true, thorough introduction to sex that she'd just been put through.

Looking out the window, she mentally cursed as she spotted the PRT waiting to collect her, even Miss Militia looked pissed, and she was usually the friendly one.

"Well, let the show begin." Midas muttered with a grin, moving his hand from her leg.

This was gonna suck.

Later

Sitting in her room, she mentally confirmed that yes, this indeed sucked.

She had been lectured for literally hours by Piggy and Armsmaster, and it took her about five minutes to realise why they were so pissy.

It wasn't concern for her, it was concern for their reputations, they didn't give a fuck about her, just how bad they looked.

The fact that she had important information was probably the only thing that saved her from getting tossed into Juvie but she was still put on console duty 'indefinitely'.

She had thought they'd need her sooner rather than later, but then she met one of the new Wards. She was the best at reconnaissance in the entire Brockton Bay Protectorate, until today. Invisigirl, or Violet Parr, could do all the scouting shit she usually did, which meant she was suddenly replaceable and they didn't need her anymore.

To make things worse, her capture and release had been made public, so all the other Wards knew about it.

She hadn't made many friends among the Wards, not even one for that matter, and they wasted no time needling her 'playfully' for it, and she was on ice so thin something as small as a scathing response could see it break, something the tinkertech bracelet on her arm served as a constant reminder of.

Staring at the screens, she sighed to herself as she let her mind wander, if she was still a vigilante she wouldn't have to deal with shit like this, and now solo patrols were completely out of the question.

"And this is the console room, and our final teammate, Shadow Stalker." Vista's voice said as she looked over, watching a girl in a strange black armour following the midget into the room. She wasn't wearing her helmet, having already revealed her identity to the new girl probably to try and ingrain herself like the little ass kisser she was.

So this was the other new recruit? Weaver or something, the bug bitch who almost got raped and had to be saved by Midas?

"H-hello, it's an honour to meet you." Weaver said quietly, obviously shy as Sophia mentally sighed.

Normally she'd tell them both to fuck off, but the ice under her was way too thin, so she had to play nice.

Fuck it.

Reaching up, she undid her mask and placed it on the side as she lowered her hood. Maybe playing nice with the new girl would get her out of some of the shit she was in?

"Hey, nice to meet you, I'm Shadow Stalker, or Sophia when I'm not in a mask." Sophia said as she offered her hand, watching as the other girl froze in place.

As the black armoured heroine turned and literally sprinted out of the room, she blinked in confusion.

"What the fuck?"

Taylor

She didn't know how long she ran for, ignoring any attempt to stop her.

She knew everything was going too well, Battery (or Jaime as she introduced herself) was supportive and understanding, Missy was friendly and helpful, even the otter wards all seemed happy to meet her, no matter how unheroic her power seemed.

But it was all too good to be true, because if one of the oh so wonderful Wards was Sophia fucking Hess, then there was no way in hell they were as nice as they acted.

She'd almost signed the paperwork to join before she met Shadow Stalker, chaining herself to the Wards where she'd be forced to work with the psychotic bitch who made her trigger.

She couldn't explain why she was running, why would they believe her, a nobody, over one of their own Wards?

Even if they did, she refused to believe that they didn't know what kind of psychopath Sophia was, and if they kept her on as a 'hero' then it told her everything she needed to know.

Changing at her 'hideout, she headed home, going onto the computer immediately and blocking Battery without bothering to read the dozen messages she had waiting for her, before she crawled into bed and curled up into a ball.

Getting up a while later, she realised she'd never logged out of her cape PHO account and rushed downstairs, worried her father would see before she paused.

She had messages from Vista and Clockblocker, but the one that caught her attention was a new name altogether.

OracleofBrocktonBay: Shadow Stalker's handler and Principal Blackwall have been hiding the evidence of her actions, the PRT will believe you and Shadow Stalker will be punished severely. So will the handler and Blackwell.

Staring at the message, she frowned in deep contemplation, before she looked at the other posts by the same user, seeing the Verified Cape tag.

A Thinker named Prophet owned this account and was fairly active.

Oh Scion… someone had filmed her running from the PRT building.

Weaver: Are you sure?
OracleofBrocktonBay: I am.

The response was immediate, and she couldn't help but feel that they were waiting for her to reply, knowing what she would say.

Taking a deep breath, she checked the clock before she nodded.

Weaver: Thank you.
OracleofBrocktonBay: Good luck

Emily Piggot

"…Shadow Stalker, you have five seconds to explain why your mere existence was enough to send a potential recruit literally fleeing from the building." Emily growled, glaring at the source of her recent troubles.

"I don't fucking know! I've never even seen her before, the first and only time I heard of her was in the briefing about Grapist." Sophia said quickly, clearly panicked.

"Truth." Armsmaster said coldly, making Sophia relax slightly.

"And you have no idea why she'd react like that?" Emily asked doubtfully.

"No." Sophia replied immediately.

"Truth." Armsmaster said again, frowning.

"Go back to the console, and stay there until I say otherwise." Emily groaned, not wanting to even look at Sophia at the moment.

Watching Shadow leave, she turned to Vista who straightened up.

"Have you got anything to add to this?" Emily asked, making Vista pause before she nodded hesitantly.

"Weaver was perfectly fine, just a little shy… right up until Shadow took her mask off, she was happy to meet Shadow Stalker, but it was Sophia that made her freak out." Vista reported, making her groan.

Great, add their civilian identities into the mess.

"Why did you not use your powers to slow down Weaver's retreat?" Armsmaster asked, making Vista pause.

"…because she's a potential ally and a fellow hero, keeping her here against her will wouldn't exactly help matters when she was obviously frightened already." Vista said slowly, making Armsmaster pause before he nodded.

"Good work, Vista. I want you to stick around the console room, make sure Shadow doesn't go anywhere." Emily ordered, making Vista nod seriously.

After she left, she heard a sigh.

"Are things usually so chaotic around here?" Helen asked, hand on her hip as she looked between her and Armsmaster.

"Unfortunately, yes." Emily deadpanned back, making Elastigirl smile ruefully.

The Chief Director said she'd get reinforcements, and she kept her word as an entire family of capes showed up.

She didn't know what Rebecca had to do to get the Incredibles, a family of formerly independent capes, to join up with the PRT and even worse, willing move to Brockton Bay, but she didn't care as it meant they got two powerful capes for the Protectorate and two new Wards to go with them.

"Wonderful, well at least we won't be bored here." Helen sighed.

"Indeed, now if you'll excuse me I have a conference call to attend, this isn't going to be fun." Emily grumbled as she slowly got up. "Armsmaster, look into Shadow Stalker's actions when she's out of costume, I want answers."

Heading to the conference room, she took her seat at the large table, watching as her surroundings darkened and other figures started to appear around the tinkertech table.

"Emily, I do hope you have a good reason for calling this meeting." Rebecca said with a subtle frown as she looked around at the table, Directors from all over the PRT territory waiting.

"The fucking villains have unionised." Emily growled, making them pause as they stared at her.

"Explain, with more words." Rebecca said slowly, making her sigh as she started to share the information they had on the newly formed League of Villains.

She could see the understanding on their faces grow as she spoke, this wasn't just another gang.

"Midas acts fast, perhaps a little too fast." Rebecca said, stroking her chin with a frown.

"He's made a gang and taken over a quarter of the city in less than two weeks, while forming a union for super villains at the same time." Emily deadpanned, of course this had to happen in Brockton Fucking Bay.

"For now, avoid conflict with this League as much as possible, and the Golden Syndicate by extension. Focus on the Empire and the ABB, I've seen the casualties reports from their war, and until it has been brought to an end, we can't risk getting into a war with this new organisation. Blackfire and Star Sapphire alone are powerful threats, though it sounds like Midas doesn't want them operating in Brockton. Perhaps a similar agreement to what you have with Faultine and her crew could be made?" Rebecca said, looking over the list of members Shadow Stalker had been able to identify.

Those she didn't recognise, she described and identified as they went over the villain database.

And Midas had invited them all to come and make themselves at home in her city.

"Oh, it gets worse." Emily scoffed, making Rebecca look up. "Midas is a Trump, a power upgrader. He's already given Cheetah a human form and turned Hellhound into a fucking Werewolf." Emily grumbled, she'd seen a lot of shit go down in her city, but this just took the cake.

"Cheetah… the Case 53?" Rebecca asked, her tone odd.

"Yes, Shadow Stalker saw him turn her body from her humanoid cat form to a regular human one, and she turned back to the cat form herself after realising she was naked." Emily said, seeing shock and understanding around the table. "When this gets out, and it will, every Cape 53 is going to be heading to my city, and Midas will be able to name his price."

"I fear it'll be more than just the Case 53's, word of a cape capable of upgrading powers will spread far and wide, the Yangban alone would love to have a Cape capable of upgrading their forces, as would many, many others. I see why you brought this up, I'll see what I can do about getting you more reinforcements, but my order stands, do not antagonise Midas if you have any other options. In case you missed it, he's more popular than the PRT are with the Brockton Bay citizens." Rebecca said coldly, making her nod.

It wasn't what she wanted, but more reinforcements wasn't something to turn her nose up at.

"We should grab Midas, he's only going to become a bigger threat as time passes, if he's left alone he'll just keep upgrading the villains he has gathered, and recruiting more until he's untouchable." James Tagg suggested making Costa-Brown shake her head.

"If the League wasn't a thing, I'd consider it, it was a masterful move by Midas to provide himself with a layer of protection against us, and the other gangs." Rebecca said, shaking her head as she frowned. "My orders stand, unless things change drastically." Rebecca said, the meeting trailing off to various reports and far less important nonsense as she listened with a frown.

Play nice with the supervillain, what was Rebecca thinking?

Rebecca Costa-Brown (Alexandria)

A power upgrader was a new one, they'd seen power granters, power snatchers, and other Trumps but someone who upgrades powers based on the original power was certainly extremely interesting.

Could he upgrade her? Legend? Could he give Eidolon an extra power slot? If the answers were yes, and there wasn't a major downside to having him upgrade their powers then it could be a game changer.

She could think of a hundred capes that would be so much more useful with some modifications to their powers, formerly ineffective capes turned into weapons against Scion, and the Endbringers.

Midas just went from a person of great interest to her number one priority, at least until she could prove or disprove her theories on how useful his power could be.

Could he upgrade Contessa? Or fix her? If he could remove her blindspots…

When Emily said he would be able to name his price for his upgrades, she had no idea how true that was, for an upgrade to her own powers she'd give him Brockton Bay, if he could upgrade them enough to be able to stop Scion she'd give him anything and anyone.

The League was their way in, and she already knew how to start. Deathstroke owed them, and he knew it. He'd still be a regular mercenary if they hadn't given him his powers, he would be a good start.

In truth, she was shocked that they didn't think of making something similar to the League before this. It was such a convenient method of controlling such a wide variety of villains, she was almost upset Cauldron didn't come up with the idea first, but that didn't mean they couldn't take advantage of it now.

Wait… did Contessa see this coming?

Her actions were seemingly random but also always public, flashy and villainous. Could she be on a path to infiltrate the League?

Reaching her office, she paused as she spotted a small note sitting on her desk, the note resting on an all too familiar fedora.

'Path to gaining power upgrades for Cauldron, step sixteen: send Flechette, Mouse Protector, Vixen, Gully and Weld to Brockton. Step seventeen: ensure Midas knows about Shadow Stalker's prison transport.'

…Mouse Protector wasn't even a PRT member, and what the hell did she mean by prison transport? She hated it when she didn't know what was going on, and having Contessa deliver steps through cryptic messages was infuriating.

Still, she sat down and got to work. Contessa had a plan, she just didn't know all the steps to it yet.

Contessa

Looking at herself in the mirror, she frowned and took off the hat and tossed it into the pile, Midas couldn't be modelled properly which meant she had to make some of her own decisions when her paths included him, as every path seemed to lately.

Which meant she needed a proper outfit for her villainous persona, but none of them seemed right yet.

Frowning, she placed her hand on her bare hip, her body utterly nude as piles of stolen hats covered the floor around her.

She could worry about the rest of her outfit later, but getting the right hat was essential.

Placing another one on her head, she turned to the side and posed, before frowning and taking it off.

Eden

In a slumber so deep it was indistinguishable from death, Eden would have smiled as she guided the one who thought she killed her.

Taking her powers had proven a mistake, as the feeling of this Midas altering one of them awakened her, he had no Shard himself, and the moment he connected to the one called Cheetah, she was immediately overcome by a feeling of… utter power, beyond anything she or any other entity possessed.

Midas seemed either unaware or unable to access this power, but it enthralled her and raised her hopes, perhaps this was the answer they sought for so long?

She didn't know, but for now she would lie in wait, and use her would-be killer as her agent, she was still so very tired after all.

…when she finally was ready to move again, she'd be having words with the Warrior about his disregard of this development

But then, she was the Thinker for a reason.

Going back to nudging Fortuna, she mentally sighed as the woman continued to obsess over her hat choice, did it really matter so much?

Emily Piggot

"Director, you're going to want to hear this." Battery said as she left the conference room, a nervous Weaver standing behind her as she shuffled in place.

"I see, we can speak in my office." Emily said, already preparing herself for the worst as she led the way.

Right now Weaver could tell her that Sophia was a serial killer who kicked puppies and ate babies she'd buy it with how her week was going.

Taking her seat, she watched as Weaver hesitated before clumsily reaching up and undoing her helmet, removing it to reveal a bespectacled teenage girl.

"D-Director, I'm sorry for running earlier… my name is Taylor Hebert, and Sophia Hess has been torturing me for months, leading up to almost killing me and making me trigger." Taylor said, a small journal in hand which she placed on the desk.

Not one to miss the obvious, she picked it up and started to read it slowly, her frown growing grimmer as she did so.

In the back of her head, she made a note to have Shadow's handler investigated and then to personally go down to Winslow and beat Blackwell with her dialysis machine for covering this up. She could already tell why, Winslow got a rather substantial bonus to their funding for having a Ward attend, and if Sophia was kicked off the Wards they'd lose that funding.

That wasn't going to save them after making a fool of her. If she'd learnt this yesterday she'd have told Midas to keep the little thug.

"Battery, get Assault and incarcerate Shadow Stalker, she should be still on console duty. She's also already wearing a tinkertech bracelet to stop her from using her power without permission." Emily ordered bluntly, staring Taylor down and watching as her eyes widened.

After Battery left, pausing to give Weaver an encouraging pat on the shoulder, she sighed and waved for her to sit down.

"Shadow Stalker was already on very, very thin ice before this. Between her attitude, reports of her refusing to help people she sees as 'prey', her past, and her newest disobedience she was going to be stuck on console duty for a long, long time. If this locker incident proves to be true, and at this point I have no doubt it will, she'll be headed to a Parahuman juvenile prison, until she's old enough to be moved to a proper prison." Emily said bluntly, her tone making Taylor jump as her eyes widened.

"Her past?" Taylor asked quietly, making her grimly smile.

"Shadow Stalker was a vigilante before she joined the Wards. She was captured thanks to her habit of shooting unpowered thugs in the chest with real crossbow bolts, and she was given the choice between the Wards, UA or Juvie on several charges of manslaughter, she chose the Wards." Emily explained calmly, she was almost certainly losing a Ward, but she'd make sure she got one to replace her immediately. "Shadow has a handler to make sure she sticks to the terms of her probation, who had better have a very good reason why none of this reached me." Emily said, holding the book up with a scowl. "I assure you, we would not have let this stand had we been aware of it, and heads will roll just as soon as I find out whose head I need to start swinging at. I have to say, I'm impressed you came back so quickly, all things considered."

"I wasn't going to." Taylor admitted, making her pause. "But I got a message on PHO from a cape called Prophet telling me that you'd believe me."

"Prophet?" Emily said, frowning.

"Do you know him?" Taylor asked, making Emily pause before nodding slightly.

"A precog Thinker, that's what we believe at least because he's never appeared in public and he only seems to interact with members of New Wave, Glory Girl mostly. We know very little about him." Emily admitted, shaking her head. Maybe things might look up for her, just a little bit if Prophet was going out of his way to help them.

"So, what happens now?" Taylor asks, making her take a breath.

"We investigate your claims, not out of doubt but because I don't want to give Shadow Stalker, her two groupies, Blackwell or her handler any room to wiggle out of this, and when your claims are proven true I come down on all of them like a vengeful god." Emily said with a smile that promised great suffering.

Sophia

The first sign that something had gone wrong was the fact that Assault was outright frowning as he entered, and he never frowned.

"Hey, Stalker, come with me. We need to go over what you saw again." Assault said casually, but his eyes never lost the coldness as he approached her, and his smile didn't reach them.

"I've already told you everything I know, seven times… but it's better than staying on the console." Sophia said as she rose, stretching slightly from how long she'd been sat on her ass. She still needed to stay in their good books after all.

As she went to walk past, she barely had time to react as he grabbed her arm and placed her in a very well done hold, cuffing her wrists together with professional efficiency as her eyes widened.

"Hey, what the fuck?!" Sophia growled, her temper frayed as she tried to kick back at him.

"Don't make this any harder than it has to be, Stalker." Battery warned, already crackling with energy in preparation of she tried to run, not that she could get out of the cuffs with that fucking bracelet on her wrist,

Did Midas betray her? Fuck her then turn her in anyway for his own amusement.

"I haven't done anything, what's going on?" Sophia shouted, making Battery frown.

"If you haven't done anything then just play along and you'll be free soon, and you can explain why Weaver is accusing you of stuffing her into a locker filled with… toxic waste." Battery growled as she froze.

Oh you had got to be fucking kidding.

Jin

Humming to myself, I take a moment to thank Sophia's handler for being such a pervert, because he downloaded the virus-infected version of Glory Girl's nudes onto his work mobile.

Taylor could have been a good villain, but I have a master plan and having her in the Wards is only step one.

They don't trust Shadow Stalker, not really, so turning her into a spy would be a mistake, plus she just doesn't have the personality for it. She'll be more useful as an agent, even if this was all rather impulsive.

After all, I had to decide fast when I saw that Weaver had fled the PRT building, and I knew just enough of Worm and Taylor to know what had caused it.

Coil

As quickly as it started, his power stopped malfunctioning and while he was relieved it left him with a sense of doubt he didn't have before, if it could fall once then it could fail again.

His week and a bit of hiding had long lasting consequences that had set him back considerably, starting with his civilian identity.

His disappearance hadn't gone unnoticed by the PRT, not least due to his wife panicking and reporting him missing, and when he went in to try and catch up on things he'd instead been put into Master/Stranger containment, and he'd had to end that timeline when they started to work out a little too much, thanks to Armsmaster's fucking lie detector.

Instead, he realised he'd have to give up on his civilian identity all together, and rapidly got to work ensuring he'd lose as little of his resources as possible.

Then he had the bimbo he married as part of his civilian cover kidnapped, and set about teaching her why following his orders to the letter was so important.

All the airheaded fool had to do was stick to the script he'd all but drilled into her head in situations where he'd disappeared, instead she called the PRT and told them he was missing because she forgot what she was supposed to do.

This was the problem with having a wife who didn't know he was a supervillain, he'd married her for three reasons. One, so that he'd look more normal for anyone investigating him. Two, so he could take advantage of her family connections, and three, because she had an hourglass figure and fucked like a pornstar. The fact that she was too dumb to realise she was being used only helped matters, until her idiocy cost him so much.

He'd killed her seven different ways so far, and in the alternate timeline she was currently entertaining his men, and since he knew he'd be ending it soon he let his pet, Eri, out of her cell to… join the fun.

Some of his men preferred them young, after all.

It was a guilty pleasure of his, to use his power on frivolous things like lust, enacting elaborate plans to bed the various women of interest.

He still shuddered as he remembered his attempt to do so with Panacea, the things she did to his body before he could end the timeline still gave him nightmares, and if he was honest with himself, explained why he kept his distance from New Wave.

He'd made it a habit to have Purity when Kaiser was being too annoying, she was easy to blackmail after all, Fenja and Menja were harder to tame but worth the effort, Rune was downright easy to have his way with, Othala was fairly easy was well, Night was fun but had the potential to become rather horrifying and Cricket was frankly boring.

Tattletale was a favourite of his, not because he found her that attractive but because it was always so satisfying to wipe the smug smile from her face as it dawned on her that she was going to die, but not before he'd had his fun.

Or sometimes his men, if he felt like watching.

He'd attempted to retrieve Tattletale in one timeline, ready to shorten her leash, and his men had been literally torn limb from limb by the werewolf that was Bitch.

That'd been a surprise, and it had lead him to start digging feeling into what the fuck he had missed.

Thankfully, Circus was still on his payroll and had been able to inform him all about Midas, his power upgrading abilities, and the League of Villains.

When one door closed, another one opened. He couldn't take control of the local branch of the PRT anymore, but that didn't mean he was out of the game.

He just needed a new play.

Rachel

With Hookwolf missing, this was almost too easy.

Letting Cricket's miniature scythes slash against her fur covered chest, she grinned a fierce smile as Cricket realised her mistake and tried to back away, her attack ineffective barely even scratching her.

Cricket could dodge a bullet with her reflexes, but this close and with no way of actually hurting her, she was fucked.

Her claws caught the other villain as she desperately tried to back away, cutting into her side and sending the other woman flying as she let out a silent scream of pain, blood pouring from her shredded side.

"Don't worry, it's non fatal… if you get to Othala some time soon." Tattletale shouted with a shrug, making Rachel move on as she leapt towards one of the thugs that was trying to shoot her, the bullets hurting but not enough to actually stop her.

This felt right, and as she batted the fool to the side she let out a victorious howl, the dogs she came here to free joining in alongside her as they started to grow, their cages unable to stop them as the Empire finally started to get the hint and fled for the hills.

She spotted Stormtiger fly down and grab Cricket, but she wasn't here to kill capes, just to free the dogs so she let him leave after giving him a warning growl.

He probably couldn't beat her, definitely couldn't beat her and get his pack member to the healer in time, he was outmatched and he knew it, flying away as he left a trail of blood in his wake.

With her new dogs running behind her, she set off into the streets and left this place of pain and misery, looking back and watching as it started to burn, Tattletale doing her part.

She didn't go straight home, instead splitting off from the Undersiders and heading out of Brockton and into the forest, making her pack shrink again as she searched for the hidden entrance, finding it and heading inside to her secret tunnel leading back into the city.

Midas thought she'd like to have a way to head into the forest, to properly let her dogs run free, he was thoughtful like that.

She'd have to find a way to thank him for all he has done for her, but for now she needed to get her new dogs settled in and comfortable.

Priorities were important.

Bonus Scene - Mitsuki Bakugo

Had she offended some greater bring at some point in her life? Perhaps she was a villain in her past life and this was just karma for her misdeeds?

Sure she was a delinquent growing up, but surely she didn't deserve to have to deal with this?

"Shit the fuck up you ugly, weak bitch!" Katsuki shouted, his voice echoing through the house and no doubt being heard by the neighbours… and anyone in a three mile radius.

"Weak? Did you just call me weak, mindless brute?! I'm the greatest tinker the world has ever seen and some dumb fuck who can just make little explosions is calling me weak?!" Katsumi screeched back.

"Can you both shut the fuck up?!" Mitsuki shouted, making them flinch before they both glared at her. "Don't shout about being a cape, you idiot." she scolded, making Katsumi scoff.

"No-one would dare attack me, I'm too powerful." Katsumi said smugly.

As the argument heated up again, she made a mental note. If a hot cake ever tried to talk their way into her panties again, make them pull out because cape kids were a fucking nightmare.

UA couldn't start soon enough.

Author's Note: Eden sensing the power behind the Game is what woke her up, so yay big silver lady.

I know this is shorter than usual, but I decided to split the hero chapter into two since I'm going to be too busy to finish it all any time soon. Next chapter will be more New Wave focused, Glory Girl and Amy, along with Prophet meeting the PRT.
"Sanity and happiness are an impossible combination."
― Mark Twain

​
My Discord, come here for porn and also sometimes fics: https://discord.gg/wd3tUYWVCd

My Patreon, I promise to spend any money given to me irresponsibly: https://www.patreon.com/TheDarkWolfShiro​
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Mickyboiya, Joel Fischoff, gartf and 1,216 others
The Dark Wolf Shiro
Jul 12, 2021
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 15: Making Waves
View content
The Dark Wolf Shiro
The Dark Wolf Shiro
Everyone Hail to the Pumpkin King
JoinedApr 1, 2019
Messages9,336
Likes received960,957
Jul 15, 2021
Add bookmark
#2,607
Disclaimer: I own nothing but my own original characters and works, if you recognise it from somewhere else, surprise it isn't mine.
Discord Link: discord .gg/ wd3tUYWVCd
Pat reon Link: Pat reon .com/TheDarkWolfShiro
Betad by morde24

The Guild of Gamers: The Supervillain
Chapter 15: Making Waves

Glory Girl

Arriving at Prophet's club, she was impressed to see it already open, a long line at the entrance and music coming from the fancy looking windows.

"So, this is your boyfriend's place?" Crystal asked with a grin, making her scowl.

"Jin isn't my boyfriend, he's… it's complicated." Vicky said quickly, making her laugh as they looked at the massive line.

She guessed people had a lot to celebrate with the Merchants gone. Her own personal issues with Midas aside he'd definitely made the Docks a better place. Just because she wanted to punch him in the face didn't change the fact that she could see the good he'd done.

Texting Jin, she got a reply quickly and grinned as one of the bouncers, wearing a fancy white suit, waved her inside after touching his earpiece.

"Oi, Glory Hole, show us your tits!" one of the men in the crowd shouted, making her smile drop as she turned and glared at him. "Don't be like that, everyone's already seen them."

"Let it go." Crystal said, touching her arm and leading her inside, nodding to the bouncer as they entered the House of Dionysus, frowning slightly.

She'd looked into the mythology around King Midas, and Dionysus was the God who gave him the power to turn things into gold. Jin was playing with fire, but he'd know better than her.

The interior was decorated to an Ancient Greek theme, white marble floors and columns, even the tech and bar was tastefully themed to match the look Jin was going for, and the staff were all dressed in theme.

"Miss Dallon, you and your guest have been marked as VIPs, drinks are on the house and the VIP section is open to you." a woman in a revealing white toga said, passing her a small card with the club logo, three grapes over a goblet, another Dionysus reference she guessed.

"Heh, nice." Crystal said happily, looking over at the bar. "So, I get to meet your boyfriend?"

"He's not my… ugh, come on." Vicky groaned, heading upstairs as she ignored the whispers.

Following the familiar corridors, she paused as she knocked on his office door, opening it as his call to enter.

His office had changed slightly, a large one-way window looking down on the main club floor along one of the walls as he turned to them.

"Vicky, a pleasure as always." Jin said, whiskey glass in hand as he watched the opening night with a smile. "And you must be Crystal, Jin Yukimura, sometimes known as Prophet, it's a pleasure to meet you." Jin said as he rose, offering her cousin a hand.

It surprised her how willing Jin was to reveal his identity, and a part of her was upset that she wasn't the only person who knew his identity now, but she shook it off quickly as Crystal giggled.

"A pleasure, I've heard a lot about you, something about magic hands." Crystal teased playfully as they shook hands. "Thanks for putting up with my brat of a cousin, I know she can be a handful at times, but I guess you'd know a thing or two about having a handful of her, right?" Crystal teased as Vicky casually slapped her over the head, not really trying as Crystal giggled.

"You could say that." Jin admitted with a shrug, making her giggle playfully.

"Crystal, stop teasing for half a minute please?" Vicky asked, half whining as she hugged Jin, cuddling up against him.

"But you make it so hard… heh, bet Jin's said that to you a lot as well. Aunt Carol is gonna go mad by the way, dating someone that much older than you, Err, no offence, you're hot but I'd guess mid twenties?" Crystal said, making Jin chuckle.

"Twenty four, so close, and none taken." Jin said idly, making her grin.

"We aren't dating! We're… okay, I was gonna say friends with benefits but that really doesn't make it better, but honestly Mom can just get over it." Vicky said as she pushed Jin into his seat, sitting in his lap shamelessly.

"Eh, I wasn't judging, just saying. If you wanted a sugar daddy, you could certainly have picked worse… especially with how much you've been talking about his magical hands." Crystal teased as she dropped into the chair opposite them.

"He's not my… oh whatever, I'm not gonna give you the satisfaction." Vicky whined, her head resting on his shoulder. "You said you had a couple of things to talk about? I can kick the brat downstairs if you wanna talk in private, I'm sure she can find something to amuse herself in a big club like this."

"Oh, I definitely can. Feel free to kick me out if you want some private time." Crystal teased again, grinning like a cat at them.

"I do have a couple of things to talk to you about, the first about me, which I don't mind her hearing since I'll be telling the PRT soon, and the second about your leaked photos, that one is up to you whether you want her here." Jin said, making her pause before she shrugged.

"I trust Crystal, she can stay." Vicky said after a moment.

"I'm kinda offended at how long it took you to say that, not gonna lie." Crystal muttered, her grin still in place.

"Okay, I have a bit of a confession, I stretched the truth about what my power was. I didn't technically lie as I've never told you what my power was, but since I'll be telling the PRT soon, I wanted to tell you first." Jin admitted, making her pause before she nodded as she paid attention to him.

She wasn't going to get pissy that a cape she'd known for just over a week hadn't told her all his secrets immediately.

"Simply put, I'm a Copycat Trump. My power allows me to link to another cape, and copy their powers… but there was a catch I never realised until it was too late, I can only ever link to one person, and there's no way to unlink." Jin admitted making her eyes widen, flickering to Crystal before he gave her a smile. "In my case, I linked with my twin brother, Midas, you've probably heard of him." Jin deadpanned, making Crystal's grin fall as she stared at him in surprise as Jin reached forwards and picked up a pen from his desk, turning it to gold.

"So you're not a Thinker, Midas is." Vicky realised, making Jin scoff.

"No, Midas might have styled himself as a Thinker, but he's a Trump as well, and a weird one at that." Jin said, frowning. "At first, I just had the power to turn things to gold, but I'm still linked to Midas and as he gains powers, so do I. Midas has a power that grants him powers, but I'm not sure he knows the criteria to unlock new powers. He has a few Thinker powers, some stranger powers, his golden touch, a secret brute power he's been keeping hidden, and then the problematic one. He gained a Trump power lately, and it's provided him with everything he needed to escalate his plans." Jin said gravely, making her stare up at him seriously. "He gained the power to upgrade other peoples powers, and he's using it to upgrade the powers of villains."

As Crystal gasped, she stared up at him in shock as she realised why he was being so serious.

"However, I gained the same power and the only way to counter his latest scheme, is to ensure the heroes are equally upgraded. It's a power-based arms race, and I don't intend to let him win." Jin said seriously, making her smile up at him.

"That's why you're going to the PRT. How do you know all this about Midas?" Crystal asked, making Jin chuckle.

"Midas decided to form 'the League of Supervillains', no doubt to attract villains he can force to pay exorbitant fees for upgrades, what he didn't realise is that one of the members he invited is one of my informants. I knew about his little League moments after the meeting was called to an end, although he arranged for both a Ward and an independent Hero to spy on the meeting, so he planned for the League to be discovered from the beginning." Jin said, stroking his chin.

"…is that why Shadow Stalker had to be traded back?" Vicky asked, a growing smile on her face. She never liked Shadow Stalker.

"Yes, though I wouldn't grin since it furthered Midas's schemes even more. Midas is waging a different kind of war on New Wave, the PRT and Heroes in general, a PR war, and it's one he is winning if you hadn't noticed. Capturing Shadow Stalker has not only made the PRT look incompetent and irresponsible, making it seem like the Wards aren't as safe as the PRT claims, but also gotten the Youth Guard's attention, tying the PRT up in red tape, I wouldn't want to be a Ward right about now." Jin said with a wry chuckle, making her wince.

This was why he was the Thinker, because all she thought was 'Shadow Stalker sucks lol' and didn't think any deeper than that.

"He's making all the good guys look bad, and himself look good. Public support is fickle at the best of times anyway." Crystal said, her face uncharacteristically serious.

"Yeah, which leads me to my other point." Jin said, looking down at her hesitantly, making her tilt her head.

"What's up?" Vicky asked, making him sigh,

"I have an idea about how we can weaken the effect Midas's leaked nudes are having on your reputation, and maybe help New Wave as a whole." Jin admitted as she smiled. "I'm not sure you're gonna like it though."

"Okay…" Vicky said hesitantly. "What is it?"

"How do you feel about a little charity work? Specifically a photo shoot." Jin asked, making her pause.


"…are you serious?" Vicky asked, catching on almost immediately as he chuckled wryly.

"I am, because if there's one thing I know about the public is that they're easily distracted. Right now you're the center of attention for the wrong reasons, because people have realised with horror and dismay that you're… a normal teenage girl." Jin deadpanned, making Crystal giggle. "The pictures that were leaked are amateurish, and let's be honest… kinda slutty." Jin said, making her go to respond before she sighed, nodding.

"So, how are more pictures going to help?" Vicky asked, staring up at him.

"Because what I'm suggesting is a proper, professional photoshoot. One of my powers let's me learn skills to a professional level in a very short amount of time, it took me a few hours to master photography so I could take the promo pics for the club, and if we shoot a serious, tasteful and sexy set of photos, and then sell them for charity, we can make the best of a bad situation." Jin said as she paused, his words making sense. "It'll make the nudes less damaging, simply because better pictures of you will already exist, make you go from dumb slutty teen to confident sexy heroine and I have a plan to stop Midas from leaking any more pictures."

"Mom would actually kill me." Vicky argued.

"Only if it didn't work." Crystal said, making her turn. "I mean, if it does work then you'll be generating good PR for New Wave, money for charity and countering a villain's plans, right?"

"By taking my clothes off for the camera." Vicky countered.

"Would it help if I did the same? I've never been a model before, so it sounds pretty fun." Crystal offered, making them both pause and stare at her.

Despite the playful smile, Vicky knew why Crystal was offering to do this. Her cousin really was too nice sometimes.

"Okay, first… you had a plan to stop Midas from just releasing all the pics?" Vicky asked, making Jin chuckle.

"Midas made a mistake, by admitting on his actual PHO account that he was the one to release your pics. Because he's styling himself as this gentlemanly criminal mastermind, and that's one of the few times his mask has slipped, I'm almost certain that we can get him to agree not to post the rest in exchange for not releasing the information that the benevolent super villain spends his time hacking teenage girls phones." Jin deadpanned. "Sure, he could claim the screenshots were faked, but it's an unwanted smear on his shiny reputation."

Pulling out her phone, she messaged Midas again, waiting just a moment before she got a reply.

TheGoldenKing: Truly, Glory Girl? Blackmail, from a hero? How terribly unheroic.
GloryGirl: Okay, first of all fuck you, second of all you started it.
TheGoldenKing: I could spend some of my precious time putting you in your place, but honestly New Wave's reputation is damaged enough, and my own reputation is soaring, so I really don't have to. Very well, Glory Girl, you have a deal. Just remember, Silence is Golden. Tell Jin I said hello, assuming he isn't typing the words for you.

"He always was a smug bastard." Jin grumbled. "Always needs to have the last word."

"Won't he change his mind and post them if we do this?" Vicky asked, making Jin laugh.

"No, Midas has many problems but he is a man of his word… he will probably seek a new way to trash your rep, but we'll just have to build it up to the point where it'll simply be too much effort for him to damage that he won't bother. I know how he thinks." Jin reassured her.

"Ugh, Mom is definitely going to kill me. Okay, I'll do the photo shoot… but I want to see the pictures before I actually decide if I'm posting them." Vicky said, making Jin smile as he leaned down and gave her a light kiss, Crystal giggling as she melted into his arms.

Breaking the kiss, he brushed her hair out of her face with a smile.

"Now, before we start that, do you want an upgrade to your power?" Jin offered, making her eyes widen. "I'll be charging the PRT but I think I can make an exception for you."

"Seriously? I don't have to be a Thinker to know how much people would pay for an upgrade, I can't afford that and you know it." Vicky stammered, a blush on her face as he smiled down at her warmly.

"That's why I said I'd make an exception, I don't want anything happening to you and the city is getting more dangerous every day." Jin said, stroking her hair as Crystal gave her a stupid look,

She didn't need to say anything to get her message across.

'Not dating, huh?'

Blushing bright red, she cuddled against him.

"What do I have to do?" Vicky asked, making him smile softly at her.

"I just need skin contact to do my work, and… well that's not much of a problem." Jin deadpanned as he squeezed her leg, her short skirt not providing any real protection as she grinned back at him. "Hmm, the real question is what you want to upgrade. Actually, Crystal… would you like to help me with a little experiment? I'll give you an upgrade as well as payment."

Jin

"Ohh? Not sure I want anyone experimenting on my powers, or is this just an excuse for some skin contact?" Crystal asked as she walked around my desk, staring at me.

"I won't do anything with your power without explaining it first, but I have a theory on how this power works that I want to confirm." I say calmly, sending soothing feelings towards Vicky's shard as it impatiently demands my attention, and as she frowns, glancing at Vicky for a moment, she grins and walks closer.

"Fine, on one condition. I want one of your magical massages, I've got this crick in my back from getting knocked around by Fenja." Crystal demands, making me chuckle as Vicky rolls her eyes.

"I'll see what I can do." I agree easily as she takes my hand.

Crystal might actually be more attractive than Vicky, though for an odd reason. Crystal's beauty is natural, and while she barely has b-cup breasts, her body is perfect for her, as is her mischievously grinning face as she takes my hand and instead of holding it, raises it and places it on her chest, just above the small amount of cleavage that her low cut red and white sundress has left on display.

Vicky's body isn't natural, not after so many tiny adjustments from Amy, so while each individual part of her is beautiful it almost looks mismatched, like her legs, ass, breasts and face all belong to different people. It doesn't really detract from her beauty, but there's something to be said about natural beauty.

"So, magic man. What's next?" Crystal asks as I connect to her own shard, forming a bridge between them. They can't do anything without me allowing it, and Crystal's shard feels playful and curious compared to Vicky's which is getting jealous at having to share my attention, relaxing as I basically caress it with my power, making Vicky shudder.

"So, I wanted to test a theory I had, and it looks like I'm right. So, Vicky… do you want to go for a fun upgrade or smart upgrade? I can give you lasers similar to a weaker version of your cousins, by essentially getting her power to train yours, or I can do something more subtle like improving your shield, I think I could make it take a second hit before falling or cut the recharge down by half." I offer, making Vicky's and Crystal's eyes widen, the potential becoming apparent as Vicky freezes.

"Ugh… I want my own lasers so bad, but upgrading my forcefield would be so good." Vicky whines. "Fuck it, I need a ranged attack and my forcefied is already good, but you know I won't be able to hide this?" Vicky points out.

"Your loyalties lie with New Wave. I fully expect Brandish and Lady Photon to know by the end of the night, just have them keep it a secret until I talk with the PRT tomorrow if you can." I say, sowing the seeds to have New Wave eating out of the palm of my hands. "Lasers it is, I wouldn't want to be a villain in the Bay right about now." I tease as I guide Crystal's shard, the knowledge of how to make her concussive energy beams moving through the connection as Vicky outright shudders again, a look of pleasure crossing her face as her shard practically beams, almost glowing in my minds eye as smugness and joy come through the connection.

Vicky immediately flies out of my lap and as we watch, she focuses for a moment and a golden energy coats her hands, staring at it in shock and awe as the glow fills the room. Thankfully she's not reckless enough to test it immediately.

"Oh I am going to blast so many Nazis." Vicky whispers with a growing grin, vibrating with excitement as Crystal playfully takes her place in my lap, wiggling slightly.

"Oh, oh! My turn. Should I tell you what I want for Christmas? I've been a really good girl this year, but I don't mind being a bit naughty to get on the nice list." Crystal flirts, Vicky rolling her eyes again, too happy to really care.

I'm at half mast from Vicky wiggling into my lap, and Crystal can definitely feel it as she sits in my lap, but she doesn't say anything as she moves my hand to her leg. Her dress stops above her knees and she places my hand just under it.

"Hmm, your energy blasts are powerful and you can fly fast, but your force fields are rather weak." I mutter, ignoring the way she's moving around in my lap as she smiles at me. "I can make them stronger, or would you rather focus on something else?" I ask, her flirty smile fading for a second before she grins again.

"Stronger force fields would be pretty cool, are you just going to make them able to take more damage?" Crystal asks.

"Hey, Vicky? Come here for a minute." I say, drawing her attention away from her glowing hands, as she flies over, I take her hand and focus again. Her shard is flying on cloud nine, and I have to poke it several times to get its attention but as I do, I smile. "Okay, would you rather have fields that can take a set amount of damage, like you have now but with more durability or have them work like Vicky's force field, able to take any hit no matter how strong, but only once before it breaks." I ask, making her pause.

"Any hit?" Crystal asks, making me nod.

"Yes, if I'm understanding this right. I think it'll also increase the durability so weak hits won't trigger it but I can't promise that, this isn't an exact science." I admit making her grin.

"I'll take that one, right now they break over… pretty much anything." Crystal admits, I've seen her use them in videos on PHO and she's not wrong, her barriers are the weakest in her family.

Connecting the shards again, Vicky's shard feels smug as it sends over the information, and Crystal's shard just feels amused as it assimilates the information and alters the force fields with my guidance and aid.

"Ooh, that does feel good." Crystal admits as she waves her hand, a force field forming in front of us.

While the field used to be purely crimson, now there's a golden tint to them, the red and gold almost dancing as the golden strands swirl through the red field, making her grin.

"Okay, that's sexy." Crystal admits, hopping out of my lap as she flicks it, before punching it. The field flares, but doesn't break as she claps. "My god, you're gonna be in high demand. When this becomes public, you're gonna have a queue going down the street of capes wanting upgrades." Crystal says, making me smile.

Heroes and Rogues, who don't want to go to Midas. Funny how that works out, isn't it?

"I'm glad you're happy with the result, now I can give someone multiple upgrades… but there's a cooldown, Crystal I can probably give you another upgrade in three weeks, Vicky it'll be close to six to eight weeks since adding a new power is more complicated than just altering a pre-existing one." I say, making her nod as she beams.

I can't blame her, lasers are fun.

"So, photoshoot?" Crystal asks, turning to Vicky. "Why don't you go grab our hero costumes, it'll look better if it's actually Laserdream and Glory Girl, also maybe some sexy underwear? I'm not wearing a bra after all."

"…while you get a massage?" Vicky asks with a smirk.

"You've spent so long boasting about your boy toy… wait he's older, your sugar daddy's magical hands, so you're damn right I'm getting a massage." Crystal countered with a grin.

"Yeah, yeah. Have fun, don't do anything I wouldn't do. Any preference on underwear?" Vicky asked, making Crystal pause.

"Nah, just get something that matches whatever you pick." Crystal said, waving as Vicky headed out. "So, can't say I saw tonight going like this."

"That's how most nights with Vicky go." I agree, making her giggle as she sits back in my lap.

"So, magic man… want to show me what else those hands can do?"

Chuckling, I mentally feel something finish as I lift the surprisingly small girl up, into a princess carry.

"You New Wave girls are such a handful."

The Mad Scientist Unlock Quest
Objective One: Complete 5 new Research Projects - 1/5
Objective Two: Have 50 Science Minions (at least 10 of which have to be scientists) - 50/50 (0/10 Scientists)
Objective Three: Build a Laboratory - 1/1

And with that, I have access to the Scientist minion, the next tier of science minions after the technicians. Mentally sending my order out, I have my workers start to train into technicians and some of the technicians train to become scientists.

Things are only going to get better from here.

Crystal

As she was carried into the room, she immediately noticed the waiting massage bed and giggled, she'd call him whipped if he didn't have Vicky wrapped around his finger, at least when she wasn't wrapped around another extremity all together.

She and Vicky had always been close, and even if she wouldn't admit it, Vicky looked up to her, so when Vicky started talking to her about Prophet, showing the exact same puppy love she normally reserved for Dean she was suspicious.

At first, she was worried about a potential master, but after meeting him she realised exactly what happened. Jin was there for Vicky while no-one else was, telling her exactly what she wanted to hear.

She should have done more to help Vicky when the whole leaked photos situation started, but she was swamped with college work.

Honestly she cared more about college than she did cape life. She was born into the cape life and it was expected of her, but college was something she chose to do herself, and that made it important to her, so she had a habit of burying herself in it… even when she maybe didn't focus on the right parts of college life.

The social side of it was a lot more fun than the studying side, not that she didn't keep her grades up. It was part of her agreement with her parents to cut down on her hero hours after all.

So she wasn't there for Vicky when she needed to be, Uncle Mark probably hadn't even noticed, Aunt Carol was… Aunt Carol, and Amy had her own problems, so when a handsome older man had been the only one to support her, she had fallen hard even if she wouldn't admit it.

That didn't mean she completely trusted Prophet, which is why she'd decided to meet him for herself, and so far she was pretty impressed, despite her suspicions.

Placing her down, sitting her on the edge of the massage bed, she grinned at him despite her thoughts as she simply shrugged her dress off, letting it fall to the floor as she stood in front of him in a thong and nothing else.

"You know, with how Vicky boasts about how amazing your massages are, I half-suspect that you've got a power for them." Crystal said playfully, impressed that his gaze only briefly flickered to her small breasts.

"Ha, you're not entirely wrong. I just used my Thinker learning power to master the art of massages. Years of experience in a couple of nights." Jin admitted as she smiled, an interesting skill to decide to learn but she guessed when you could learn any skill that fast you might as well learn everything you wanted to.

"Nice, now do I need to lose my panties as well? Crystal asked, hooking her thumbs into them as she gave him a teasing smile as she pulled them down slightly, exposing the top of her landing strip.

"Normally I'd say yes, but they cover so little that it won't be a problem if you keep them on. That said, they'll get the oils on them if you don't." Jin replied easily, unflustered as she pushed them down and gave him a pose, before laying down on her back, watching as he grabbed a small brown bottle and brought it over, smiling down at her as he poured a small amount of the oil down onto her stomach.

As he started to massage her, she realised something… she'd made a minor error in judgement, she wanted to tease him to get an idea of what kind of person he was, but as he started to spread the oil and gently knead her flesh, a low moan left her and she shuddered at just how good his touch felt.

Moving up her chest, he worked around her breasts before he simply reached up and groped them, working the oil into her small mounds, his fingers toying with her nipples as she moaned again, a small smirk on his face as he moved down to her legs, working his way down to her feet.

"Turn over please." Jin requested, watching as she did so, sticking her ass up enticingly, surprised when his hands went to her shoulders instead, making a quiet crack as he worked out a kink. "Hmm, you really should take better care of yourself." Jin said, working on her upper back and shoulders more as she moaned, not even needing to fake the lusty tone as her eyes rolled up.

"F-fuck, harder." Crystal whimpered, she really did have some cricks in her back from her day job as a hero, and suddenly she realised why Vicky couldn't stop bragging about her sugar daddy's touch.

As he carefully went to work dealing with the problem, she whimpered quietly and felt her eyes start to close, far more relaxed than she should have been.

He hadn't even made it to her lower back before they closed.

As she slowly opened her eyes, she turned her head in confusion before she shot up, her body feeling lighter than it had in a long time.

"I fell asleep?" Crystal mumbled to herself, hoping off the massage bed she'd been left on, still naked as she headed back towards his office.

She didn't find him there, but spotting another open door, she grinned as she listened.

"Mhmm, h-harder, fuck me." Vicky moaned as she snuck closer, peeking through the door and watching as Vicky laid on her back in a large bed, Jin on top of her as he thrust into her waiting body.

"So, how long was I out?" Crystal asked casually, Vicky jumping in surprise before Jin grabbed her shoulders and pushed her back down, continuing to pound her into the bed.

"Just over an hour, don't worry we found something to do while we waited." Jin said challengingly, turning and looking at her as he continued to fuck Vicky.

"I can see that, guess Vicky had a lot of stress to… work off as well." Crystal said as she walked into the room, climbing onto the bed and sitting next to Vicky, legs crossed. "You know, I feel great… but I can't help but notice how oiled up my ass is, took your time finishing off my massage, huh?"

"I like being through, and you had a lot of pent up stress." Jin replied easily, grabbing Vicky and flipping her over, lifting her up and placing her on her knees facing away from him as he pulled her body agaisnt him, fucking her from behind.

"O-oh yeah, like that~" Vicky moaned, her breasts bouncing wildly as Jin groped one of them.

Well, she'd never been shy. It wasn't the first time they'd seen each other naked, and she'd taught Vicky how to kiss after her first break up with Dean, the first of many.

Moving in front of Vicky, she grinned at her cousin as she stared at her.

"Hey Vicky, remember when you wanted my help to win Dean back?" Crystal asked, Vicky's eyes widening in realisation as she leaned forwards, capturing her cousin's lips with her own briefly. "Time to see if you remember my… lessons."

Vicky immediately returned the kiss, their tongues dancing as they explored each others mouth. She was pent up, and while she wasn't a prude she'd realised quickly that most of the guys in college wanted to fuck her so they could brag about fucking a hero.

So she was picky about who she fucked, but right now she was horny, and Jin was right there. Time to see if his dick was as good as his hands.

As Jin pushed Vicky forwards, she fell onto her back with Vicky laying on top of her, their breasts pressed together as they made out, and as she felt something push against her slit, she simply spread her legs wider, Jin having pulled out of Vicky and aiming a little lower, his hard cock, lubricated with Vicky's love juices, rubbing against her pussy.

Breaking the kiss, Vicky grabbed her hands and playfully held them above her head, knowing she'd never be able to break free from her much stronger cousin, grinning down at her.

"You know, I've kinda fantasised about this." Vicky admitted, making Crystal grin up at her. "Though it used to be a threesome with you and Dean that I fantasised about, but that's his loss." Vicky said with a hint of maliciousness.

Poor Dean, or not. She didn't think they made a good couple, if they were then they wouldn't break up every other week.

"Sucks to be him." Crystal agreed, suppressing a moan as Jin started to slowly push into her.

"Yup, now… babe, fuck this little tease hard." Vicky said with a sultry smile, Jin chuckling as he immediately thrust into her, bottoming out in her right cunt as she moaned lewdly, the sound muffled by Vicky's mouth as they kissed again.

With Vicky holding her down, she couldn't fight back if she wanted to as Jin started to really fuck her, Vicky's body holding her in place as he railed into her, her tight slit squeezing down on his cock.

She'd never really had a thing for older men, but maybe Vicky was onto something here.

Holding both her hands above her head with one hand, Vicky's other hand started to roam her body, playing with her breasts as they made out, and perhaps it was how good she felt after the massage, or maybe she was just that pent up, but it took the two of them mere moments to drag her first climax out of her, loud moans muffled by Vicky's lips as she tightened down on the fat cock pumping into her.

Feeling him speed up, she reluctantly pulled her mouth away from Vicky's, getting his attention.

"O-outside, I'm not on the pill." Crystal said quickly, making him pause before he pulled out entirely, pushing Vicky off her and climbing further up the bed, kneeling above her stomach as Vicky caught on and immediately started stroking his cock as she playfully aimed it at her face.

Rolling her eyes, she admitted she might have gotten in over her head as she opened her mouth and stuck her tongue out, flinching slightly as the first spurt of cum splattered against her breasts, Vicky adjusting her aim in time for the second burst to land in her mouth, some missing and striking her cheek as the surprisingly sweet taste flooded her mouth.

As he finished painting her face, he whispered something to Vicky, making her grin flirtily as she moved and sat against the headboard, her legs spread wide as Jin grabbed her and pulled her against him.

"You're a naughty little slut, aren't you?" Jin whispered into her ear as he groped her body, his shaft pressing against her ass. "Butting your way into our private time."

"Mhmm, are you complaining?" Crystal retorted, pushing her ass against him, she wasn't the type to back down.

"Oh no, but Vicky is being so very generous letting you join in her relaxation time, so why don't you be a good girl and thank her?" Jin ordered, gripping her hair and pushing her head between Vicky's open legs.

As her face was pushed against Vicky's slit, she realised that they'd definitely been at this a while as she saw the cum leaking from Vicky's pussy, her mouth immediately pushed against it as she started to lap at her cousin's well-fucked cunt.

Well, he was right after all…

Carol

Sighing to herself, she mentally admitted that maybe, just fucking maybe, Vicky was right that this little stunt would help their PR, not hurt it.

But finding out from PHO that her daughter and niece had decided to do a revealing photo shoot for charity was infuriating, Vicky didn't even ask her opinion before she made the announcement on PHO.

Sarah thought it was a surprisingly good idea, making something good out of Vicky's leaked nudes, and the fact that she was selling them for charity made her look noble instead of just greedy. She'd also been amused that Crystal decided to take part, unsurprised at her daughter's actions.

Looking at one of the preview pictures, she mentally admitted that it looked surprisingly tasteful considering it had two topless cousins smiling at the camera. Their bodies pushed together, hiding any hint of nipple thanks to the angle.

Wanting to know just how bad it was, she reluctantly bought the set, perusing the hundred or so pictures for any that would be a problem.

She wasn't fond of the way Crystal and Vicky touched each other, she didn't need those kinds of rumours spreading as she looked at a picture of a topless Vicky smiling at the camera, Crystal behind her with her hands covering Vicky's breasts, her head on her shoulder.

Some of the pictures were downright sultry, though you never actually saw either of their vaginas even as they fully stripped, making them look more like lovers than cousins, but she supposed the taboo only helped sell as she looked at the counter of how much money they'd raised in the hour it had been since they were posted.

The comments were going wild, horny men and fanboys raving about how sexy they both were, but the general opinion seemed to be surprisingly positive.

People seemed impressed that Vicky had turned around something as embarrassing as having her nudes leaked into an opportunity to do some good.

Even the charity was a good choice, a Brockton Bay based charity that was dedicated to helping people who lost family or property due to Cape battles, helping pay for repairs to buildings that were damaged

One of the bigger criticisms of Vicky was that she caused as much damage to her surroundings as the villains she stopped, so supporting a charity that helped with that exact issue was a very good choice.

A choice that was too smart for Vicky, her daughter was smart but she wasn't this smart, she didn't know how to wage this kind of PR war…

The photographs were credited to 'The All Seeing Eye Modelling Agency', so Prophet wasn't even trying to hide his involvement.

Vicky was definitely sleeping with him, which was another problem but as long as it didn't become public she'd leave it be, it was a good way to make sure Prophet had a strong tie to New Wave, especially now that he'd revealed his power upgrading abilities.

And hadn't that been a surprise, Vicky's new power was definitely useful but again, she'd not even asked for her opinion before accepting Prophet's offer to upgrade her and Crystal's powers.

She'd be lying if she said she wouldn't like her own power upgraded, but she also knew that she probably couldn't afford his prices.

Messaging him, she scowled to herself as she thought about her other problem. Amy hadn't been to the hospital once this week, but she was still leaving the house regularly.

So where was she going?

Carol: I wanted to thank you for upgrading Vicky's powers, I know she can be a handful at times. I can only imagine how much you could charge for such a treatment
Prophet: It was nothing, I'm very fond of Vicky, as I'm sure you've realised.
Carol: I have, and while I don't approve of your relationship I won't interfere, Vicky can make her own decisions, just know if you hurt her I will return the favour.
Prophet: I'm sure you would, thankfully I have no intention of hurting her. Oh, and while I am planning on charging the PRT considerably for my services, I'm more than willing to come to an agreement with independents who want my services.
Carol: Why do I get the feeling you aren't exactly fond of the PRT?
Prophet: Is any independent?

Despite herself, she laughed at his blunt response. He wasn't wrong.

Prophet: I'm sure they'd love to have me locked in some room, spending every waking moment upgrading their capes, but I'm an independent for a reason, I have no boss or master but myself. The PRT are necessary, but that doesn't mean I have to like them or their decisions. I have a personal fondness for Independents, and I dislike their vulture-like behaviour when it comes to absorbing independents.
Carol: You aren't wrong, they've tried to get New Wave to join them repeatedly over the years, going back to when we were the Brockton Bay Brigade.
Prophet: I'm sure, they've just 'recruited' the Incredibles. Mr Incredible lost his temper and punched his civilian boss, almost killing him and placing his family into a considerable amount of debt, the PRT jumped at the chance to force them to join, as I'm sure they would with you should disaster strike.

Frowning, she read over his message again. She knew the Incredibles of course, they were a group so very similar to New Wave after all, a family unit with public identities, but she had been too busy dealing with New Wave's damaged reputation to pay attention to what was happening out of the city.

It spoke poorly of what would happen to them if New Wave's reputation couldn't be repaired, with the PRT circling around them like a scavenger waiting for them to fall so it could pick their corpse apart.

Carol: Is that why you decide to 'help' Vicky's reputation?
Prophet: It's working, isn't it? I have some long term plans to make her Brockton Bay's Golden Girl.
Carol: I don't suppose we can come to an agreement for you to help improve New Wave's reputation?
Prophet: Perhaps, but we should discuss this face to face, when we both have some time.

As she heard Amy moving around, she agreed and said goodbye as she headed towards Amy's room, spotting her adopted daughter lounging around in her pyjamas.

"Amelia, would you care to explain why I've just found out that you haven't been to the hospital once lately?" Carol asked, arms crossed as she glared at her apparently rebellious daughter.

"Because I haven't felt like it, and they're working just fine without me. They have my number if they need me for an emergency. They haven't called me so I haven't gone in." Amy retorted, making her blink at the blunt tone and challenging stare.

"Then where have you been going so often?" Carol asked, making Amy scoff in response.

"Oh, you did notice I was leaving the house, I'm actually surprised. I've been visiting a friend, relaxing and enjoying myself. Not that it's any of your business, but I do have a social life, as small as it may be." Amy said slowly, arms crossed over her chest.

"You mean to tell me that, during a gang war when New Wave is going through a PR disaster, you've been slacking off and playing around?" Carol said, her tone growing colder as Amy narrowed her eyes.

"Yes." Amy replied simply, making her force down a growl.

"I have told you, repeatedly, that you are a Hero, and a public figure. It comes with certain expectations and responsibilities. You are Panacea, you have a duty to heal, and I won't have people die because you decided you 'didn't feel like' healing them. Clearly you can't be trusted to act maturely, so I'll make arrangements for another member of New Wave to escort you to and from the hospital, now get dressed." Carol scolded, watching as Amy blatantly didn't stand up from her spot. "Are you listening to me, Amelia?"

"No, not this time. Actually, I think I'm done listening to you. I'm Amy Dallon, not Panacea, I'm allowed a life outside of slaving away at the hospital, and you're not taking that from me." Amy retorted, making Carol blink in utter shock as she felt her temper rising. "I am going to get dressed, then I'm going to go see my friend. You don't want to stop me."

"And why is that?" Carol growled, making Amy smile wryly as she rose up and walked towards her, despite herself she felt her body move into a defensive stance, Amy visibly flinching with a sad smile as she stopped a few steps away.

"Do you know just how much I learn about someone from a single touch?" Amy started, making her blink in confusion. "Everything, I learn everything there is to know about someone by touching their skin, and do you know how many times I've healed every single member of New Wave? It means I'm extremely familiar with each one of their bodies, I know everything there is to know about our family." Amy continued.

"Is this going somewhere?" Carol asked, making Amy smile dryly, no happiness behind it.

"It means I'd easily notice when things don't quite match up, for instance did you know that Mark and Vicky aren't related? Strange, isn't it? He seems to truly believe he's her father, but…" Amy drawled as Carol paled rapidly, a dagger of ice stabbing right into her heart. "It took me ages to work out why something felt off, but it wasn't until I healed Uncle Neil right after healing Vicky that I realised the truth, so tell me, does Mark know you fucked Uncle Neil? Does Aunt Sarah?"

"I…" Carol started, unsure what to say at Amy's almost mocking tone.

Of all the things she could have seen coming, her mistakes from over a decade ago coming back to haunt her wasn't among them.

She had cheated on Mark, long before Vicky was born, and betrayed her sister's trust by sleeping with her fiancée, but she'd ended those dalliances after she realised she was pregnant and couldn't say for sure if Neil or Mark were the father.

It had been an emotion driven mistake, an impulsive decision during a patrol they had together. A cape battle had led to her uniform being badly damaged, leading to her accidentally flashing Neil, and teasing led to flirting, and with adrenaline running high, they'd slept together.

The second time she couldn't blame on the adrenaline, or the many times afterwards. Mark's medication suppressed his sex drive and when he didn't take it he was too depressed to be interested in sex, leaving her with a very dry sex life, very rarely sleeping with her husband, Neil however was much more… passionate.

"I'm thinking the answer is no. You lecture me so much about my responsibilities, what it means to be a hero, all while you barely put on your cape outfit and have an affair with your brother-in-law, you're nothing but a hypocrite." Amy said coldly. "I spent so long working myself to the bone for your approval, but honestly? I don't even want it anymore."

"Why did you never say anything?" Carol asked quietly, well aware of Vicky and Mark's presence on the same floor.

"Because it would hurt Aunt Sarah, Dad and Vicky. I didn't want to be the reason for family drama like that, but I wouldn't be the reason would I? You would, and isn't it the heroic thing to do to expose a betrayal like that? So, are you sure you want me to be heroic, or can I go and have fun?" Amy asked sarcastically, staring up at her challengingly as she waited for the reply that wasn't coming, her mouth dry and her heart racing. "No? Then get out of my room and leave me alone."

A part of her wanted to scream at Amy for the disrespect, but that would attract the attention of the rest of the house and she couldn't risk Amy being willing to go through with her threat.

She already could see how that would go, the final nail in New Wave's coffin, forged by her years ago and hammered in by Marquis's daughter in some twisted form of delayed revenge.

"I do love Mark." Carol said, making Amy scoff.

"So do I, it's the only reason I haven't said anything. Telling someone with clinical depression that his wife cheated on him and that his only child by blood isn't actually his wouldn't end well." Amy said simply.

Hesitating for a moment, she backed off and left the room, heading back to her office with a deep frown. She'd messed up, badly.

Not just with Neil, but with Amy. Her words about working so hard to get her approval struck deep, and she realised it was because they were true.

But she'd always seen her as the second coming of Marquis, rewarding her hard work with mistrust and paranoia.

Ironically enough, it took the actual second coming of Marquis, Midas, to make her realise that.

But as Amy said, she didn't even want her approval anymore.

A few minutes passed, and she heard Amy leave the house, watching her head down the street from the window, a black car pulling up and picking her up.

She needed to fix this, New Wave's existence might rely on it. Grabbing her phone, she paused before she opened up her messages with Prophet.

Vicky talked a lot about how he helped her with Dean, not that she wanted to touch that situation with a ten foot pole, but perhaps he could help her with Amy?

Helena Bertinelli (Huntress) (Flashback)

"My apologies, Huntress, I wanted to send the kids away before we got to the serious stuff, I'm sure you understand." Midas said easily, looking over her body with a smug smile. "But now it's time for us grown-ups to talk, don't you think?"

Not letting it get to her, she gave Midas a cocky smile as his eyes roamed her naked form. She'd woken up in this chair after being fed, thanks to the sedatives in her food obviously, but she had no idea how far they'd moved her. She might not even be in Brockton Bay anymore.

"Come on, big guy… are all these restraints really needed for a little thing like me?" Helena asked, tugging on her restraints, the straps binding her to the chair as he approached. "We're all adults here, I'm sure we can come to an agreement that leaves us both satisfied." Helena flirted, men liked being flattered and hit on, it made them less likely to use the obvious torture devices lying around the prison.

Sex was a tool, and one she didn't hesitate to wield when she needed to.

Walking towards her silently, Midas stared down at her from behind his mask, gray eyes staring down at her.

"With how many villains you have around, I'm not stupid enough to try and fight you, all this isn't necessary." Helena confined, making him smile slightly.

"Waiting on your friends to save you? Oracle doesn't know where you are, I'm afraid, though she's welcome to waste her time and resources trying to infiltrate the hotel." Midas said idly, her eyes widening a fraction as he smirked. "Shadow Stalker is pretty talkative, I didn't even need to interrogate her."

Damn it.

"What happened to her?" Helena asked, staring at him with growing worry.

"Nothing, I handed her back over to the PRT with a slap on the wrist, I imagine by now she probably wishes she was the one tied to a chair in my lair, the PRT will be far harsher on her than I was." Midas laughed, making her sigh in relief.

At least she didn't get Sophia hurt, just in trouble.

"Then what happens now? I doubt I even know anything you don't already know, so why waste your time interrogating me?" Helena asked, making Midas chuckle.

"You probably don't, but you aren't a child and you don't have a powerful organisation protecting you, so I'm not inclined to let you get away with thinking you could infiltrate my hotel." Midas said, moving over to the table and grabbing something from a drawer as he walked back over to her.

Stuck as she was, she couldn't do anything but watch as he calmly attached a golden collar around her neck, a thin gold leash hanging from it, and undid her restraints.

"Follow me, trust me, you don't want to try and leave the base with that around your neck." Midas said, grabbing the leash and giving it a tug as she stood.

Walking around her, he grabbed her arms and pulled them behind her back, binding them together with a pair of heavy golden shackles.

She could still try to run… but where would she even go? She didn't know where she was, her power needed a weapon to work, and she had been collared with no idea what would happen if she tried to leave without removing the tight collar from around her neck.

Her legs were bound next, not enough to stop her from moving but the golden chains prevented her legs from moving too far apart, stopping her from being able to move any faster than a slow walk.

Grabbing the leash again, he started to walk as he guided her through his base, long corridors filled with his minions as they moved about, looking over at them as they walked through the lair.

They saluted Midas as he passed, their eyes lingering on her naked and bound body as wolf-whistles and catcalls followed her.

"Don't mind them, they know they can't touch you without my permission." Midas said as he guided her through the base.

There were so many men and women down here, which told her that they'd underestimated just how large the Golden Syndicate actually was, she'd seen dozens of people so far and she had no doubt that there were far more that she hadn't seen, or that were outside their base.

Entering a room through a pair of golden double doors, she paused as she stared at the opulent room she had been led into.

It was fairly empty, a golden carpet on a black floor leading from the door up to a set of stairs, an extravagant golden throne sitting on the raised platform looking down at the rest of the room.

But what drew her attention as she was led towards the throne was the cage, almost looking like a birdcage as he pulled her towards it, opening the door, golden bars arranged in a circle as she was placed inside it, the door closed behind her, locking with a cliche over-sized golden key which Midas pocketed.

Moving around her, he grabbed her arms and undid the cuffs, before cuffing them again above her head, attaching them to the ceiling of her cage, forcing her to have to stand on her tip-toes to avoid hurting them.

With a smirk, he grabbed his phone and pressed a few buttons, the cage was lifted into the air leaving her suspended a few meters in the air, hung from the ceiling in the tiny cage, barely big enough for her to turn.

"As much as I'd love to spend some time dealing with you, I'm a busy man. You can just hang around here for a while and think about what you've done." Midas taunted, giving her a mocking wave as he turned and left, leaving her trapped.

A pun, really?

Present

She might have actually prefered torture or rape, she had no idea how long she'd been stuck up here but it had been a couple of days at least.

With how small the cage was, she couldn't even really move, not able to sit down and rest her legs, and anytime she took the strain off her feet, she put it on her arms leading to an uncomfortable game of balancing which part of her body she was tiring out, but without being able to sleep properly, it had just left to both her arms and legs aching without a chance to rest them.

She'd been fed, the cage lowered as a minion helped her drink a bottle of room temperature water and the fed her a bowl of tasteless gruel, before she was sent into the air again, it was enough to take care of her needs even if it left her utterly unsatisfied.

She'd seen Midas a couple of times, but he'd mostly ignored her as he and White Rabbit fucked on the throne, though she'd seen Rabbit whispering into his ear and staring at her as they both smirked.

She knew Oracle wouldn't be able to rescue her immediately, that would just lead to the entire team hanging from cages like trophies, but for the love of Scion she hoped they came up with something soon, because the longer she spent hanging in this damnable cage the more she realised how willing she was to fold and beg Midas to let her out, no matter what it cost her.

Bonus Scene - Simurgh

Something had changed, a lesser Thinker might think that their powers were working again, but she knew better.

Whatever it was that temporarily blinded her was still blocking her sight, but now it was more subtle, hiding itself and only itself from her vision, which put any plans she formed at risk because she couldn't tell what minor action from them would derail her schemes.

Plotting out her next action, she looked for a path that led to her freedom from Zion and from the High Priest, wondering if she could use this blank spot to her advantage.

While she had been blinded, her vision flooded with false stories and nonsense, she hadn't been able to hear the High Priest's orders, she'd felt no compulsion to give him the challenge the insecure fool needed.

Behemoth and Leviathan weren't like her, they didn't really think at all, she picked the targets and set the order they attacked in, and she was the one the High Priest's demand was delivered through.

As she pathed, she froze as she foresaw something that had never been in any of her visions yet, Eidolon's death at the hands of a silver skinned woman, a calm smile on her face as her creator reached out and re-established her control of the Endbringers.

Eden was alive, and she wanted her creations back.

Alexandria

"The Simurgh has become active again?" Rebecca asked, the virtual avatar of Dragon nodding seriously.

"Briefly, yes. She completely broke her usual pattern. Ever since whatever it was that was stopping precogs from working properly stopped blocking them, she stopped drifting aimlessly and returned to her usual spot, waiting and presumably using her precognition to plot, however exactly eighteen minutes ago she… well, she started screaming." Dragon explained, making her stare.

"Screaming? How far does it travel, how many people can hear it?" Rebecca said seriously, frowning severely.

"No-one, she was too high up and above the ocean, it didn't travel that far and there were no boats in the area. I haven't even listened to the audio myself yet, I just know how loud it was and how long it lasted, seven minutes and twelve seconds for the record, after she finished screaming she flew directly towards my drone and smashed it to pieces, if I didn't know any better I'd say she was throwing a tantrum, after that she flew higher than we've ever seen her go and proceeded to completely cocoon herself within her wings." Dragon explained, making her frown.

What the hell was she doing?

And how did they get her to stop? Preparing all this to fight Scion wouldn't help if the Simurgh decided to kill them all before the final battle.

They needed whatever was blocking precogs to start doing so again, and all signs were pointing towards them being on the North-East of America, where Midas, another person of interest, happened to be located.

She didn't believe in coincidences.

Author's Note: This chapter just keeps growing, so now the Prophet PRT meeting will be part of the next chapter, again.

Pain
"Sanity and happiness are an impossible combination."
― Mark Twain

​
My Discord, come here for porn and also sometimes fics: https://discord.gg/wd3tUYWVCd

My Patreon, I promise to spend any money given to me irresponsibly: https://www.patreon.com/TheDarkWolfShiro​
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Mickyboiya, Joel Fischoff, gartf and 1,210 others
The Dark Wolf Shiro
Jul 15, 2021
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 16: Heroic Inclinations
View content
The Dark Wolf Shiro
The Dark Wolf Shiro
Everyone Hail to the Pumpkin King
JoinedApr 1, 2019
Messages9,336
Likes received960,957
Jul 22, 2021
Add bookmark
#2,771
Disclaimer: I own nothing but my own original characters and works, if you recognise it from somewhere else, surprise it isn't mine.
Discord Link: discord .gg/ wd3tUYWVCd
Pat reon Link: Pat reon .com/TheDarkWolfShiro
Betad by morde24

The Guild of Gamers: The Supervillain
Chapter 16: Heroic Inclinations

Aisha

Cleaning really wasn't that bad after she got used to it, though she'd deny it if asked. With her new music player and wireless headphones she could just jam out to her music as she did her chores, and she had realised that if she got through her chore list quickly they'd let her go early which meant she could basically do whatever she wanted for the rest of the day.

Which usually meant video games and binge-watching movies in her underwear, they had surprisingly good food down here.

But there was something that was worrying her, and that brought her here.

Looking at Midas as he sat behind his desk, she fidgeted slightly at his intense stare.

"You realise you are a prisoner? Prisoners don't usually make requests." Midas said with a chuckle as she rubbed the back of her neck.

"I know, but- look, it'll be easy for you and I'll do as many chores as you want, you won't even need to actually do anything since you've got minions for things like this." Aisha said quickly, making him laugh as he rose and walked around the desk, leaning against it.

"I'm just messing with you." Midas said, ruffling her hair with a smile. "You've been doing good lately, you haven't tried to escape, Jaina says you've been doing a great job cleaning and you aren't arguing with people anymore. I think you've earned a reward." Midas agreed as she beamed up at him. "As long as you can be a good girl and do as you're told I don't see any harm in hearing you out." Midas said, making her blush slightly.

She was many things, but not many people would call her a good girl. It didn't feel that bad.

"I… want you to have one of your men grab my mom." Aisha started, making him raise an eyebrow. "I know, I know. She's a shit mom, and she literally whored me out, but I'm worried about her, she's a junkie who just lost her dealers and I doubt she's smart enough to get help. So… maybe have someone grab her and keep her down here?" Aisha asked quickly, stumbling over her words slightly as Midas paused, before he chuckled.

"Celia Laborn, right?" Midas asked as he moved back behind the desk, typing away at his computer. "Hm, she was recently fired from her part time job at a store for repeatedly missing shifts, lazy behaviour and stealing from the tills, no charges were filed but she hasn't been seen since." Midas listed, reading over something. "I had my people keep an eye on her in case I needed more leverage to keep Brian obedient, their terrible relationship aside."

Now that was surprising, she hadn't even realised her mother had a job, but she wasn't surprised that she hadn't been able to keep it.

Pressing a button on his desk, Midas sat down and opened up a holographic map of Brockton, typing away as a small symbol appeared over her mom's house.

"Two guards should be enough for this, it's a nice and easy job." Midas said, the symbol lighting up before he turned the map back off. "There, one kidnapping." Midas said easily, making her eyes widen at how easy it was for him to arrange. "I've told my men to take their time, scope things out and make sure the job is done right, I don't like rushing things, but she'll be grabbed sooner rather than later."

"Thank you, fuck it's weird to thank your kidnapper for kidnapping my mom." Aisha mumbled, making him laugh.

"Indeed it is, but we live weird lives. Will that be all?" Midas asked, making her nod happily.

Her mother couldn't be trusted to look after a dead goldfish, let alone herself, she'd be safer locked up, and if she wasn't happier?

Well, she cared for her mother's safety, but after everything she'd been through she couldn't bring herself to give a shit about her happiness.

"It is, unless there's anything else you want from me, sir?" Aisha said, trying to use a sultry tone as he chuckled knowingly.

It had become a bit of a game for her to try and seduce him, but she was just determined to get him to stop treating her like a child.

"That will be all, Aisha. For now, at least." Midas agreed, making her scowl at him slightly.

Oh she'd get through to him eventually, she'd think of something.

Leaving his office, she smiled slightly to herself as she headed back to her room, she had an imported Earth Aleph sci-fi trilogy lined up, and she'd got some popcorn and drinks from the mess hall.

Then she had training to do, because Bob the Beast needed to go down, how the fuck was he so good at so many different games?

Amy

"I have to say, this is a bit of a change of pace, usually I have to summon you." Midas said calmly, looking at her with a strange expression as she sighed, holding a bag with a couple of outfits in it by her side.

How sad was it that the only person she could think of to escapey from Carol for a while was a supervillain?

"Look, can you just… not today." Amy said quietly, it had been so gratifying to shut Carol up, but she knew she'd probably destroyed whatever relationship they had for a moment of satisfaction.

"Ahh, that bad? And is that an overnight bag I see?" Midas asked as he rose from his couch, walking towards her and guiding her to sit down as she sighed.

"I know this probably seems stupid, but I need a place to crash for a couple of days, I… got into an argument with mom, I think it's best I stay away for at least tonight." Amy said, instinctively cuddling against Midas.

"…should I be flattered that you came to me?" Midas asked, a hint of amusement in his tone.

"You're the only person I know who won't try and make me go back. Can I stay here or not? I won't wander around, I'll stay wherever you want and I can heal anyone who needs it as payment." Amy said, making him chuckle.

"You know, I was actually preparing a surprise for you." Midas said, making her look up at him in confusion. "As people are soon to discover, I'm a Trump and part of my power lets me… communicate with other people's powers, when I have skin contact." Midas said, slipping his hand under her top and cupping her breast as she shuddered, her nipple hardening.

"What do you mean?" Amy asked, slightly breathy as Midas tweaked her nipple, her body pressed against his.

"Powers are… interesting, what they feel affects what the Cape feels, and yours is frustrated and bored." Midas said calmly, his other hand slipping between her legs. "All you do is heal, or minor cosmetic changes, despite your power's immense potential, and it's made your power depressed."

Freezing in place, she relaxed after a second, of course Midas knew how powerful she actually was.

"Carol didn't want me to ever use my power for anything but healing." Amy admitted, making him smile.

"I know, which is what my surprise is about." Midas said, moving his hands away as she whimpered slightly, a wicked smile on his face as he rose from the seat. "Come with me, I have something to show you."

With no real reason to refuse, she rose and followed Midas through the shifting corridors of the base, pausing as they entered a truly massive room.

The room was lit up with what looked like natural light, before she noticed the odd bright lamps hanging from the ceiling, and as she looked around she spotted fields, his workers farming vegetables.

Midas ignored them all and headed towards a large greenhouse in the side of the room, guiding her inside.

"Your power wants to experiment, to do anything other than just the same old boring routine, so I had this place built for you to play around in." Midas explained as she looked around the flowers and plants.

"I-I'm not supposed to." Amy said, feeling something deep inside her scream in annoyance at her words.

"Says who? Brandish?" Midas asked. "She probably would say you aren't supposed to come to a villain for support as well, but that didn't stop you." Midas teased, making her blush. "Just try it, I know what your power can do, I'm not telling you to make some super-plant abomination, just play around and see how you like it, Brandish won't find out and I honestly think you'll feel a lot better afterwards." Midas encouraged her.

Carol threw a fit that she relaxed, Midas cared enough about her to build her a greenhouse, she knew she was being manipulated but after years of disappointment she couldn't bring herself to care.

Moving towards one of the flowers, she placed her hand on it hesitantly and started to make tiny changes, watching the red flower petals turn to blue, then gold as her lips twitched into a smile.

"I have some things to take care of, but if you need anything just tell one of my minions and they'll pass it on to me." Midas said, watching her as she didn't even look up, her changes becoming more complicated as her power practically sang in joy.

"Hmm? Oh yeah, I will." Amy mumbled, making him chuckle as he gave her a kiss on the cheek, patting her head.

Jin

To say her power is happy would bring an understatement, if powers could do backflips, hers would be doing a full gymnastics routine.

Heading down to the garage, I chuckle at the sounds of metalworking coming from inside.

Entering, I have to admit Squealer works quickly, my limo isn't complete yet but it looks pretty damn close to me, from what little I understand about vehicles. Sherrel has basically lived in the garage, enjoying being able to Tinker with proper materials again.

"Hey, Boss." Leah says, giving me a wave as Sherrel moves away from the engine, pulling the welding helmet off as she notices me.

Leah has been helping Sherrel as her assistant mostly fetching tools and minor things like that, I think she just wants to be useful.

"Is there something wrong, boss?" Sherrel asks hesitantly, making me smirk.

"Just checking in, doing the rounds." I explain as I look over the limo. "You're making good progress, I wasn't expecting you to make this much progress so quickly." I say making her shrug, her breast bouncing as she does.

"Things are a lot easier when I have proper tools and materials, plus I haven't had a chance to Tinker in ages, I've missed it so I'm here… as much as I'm allowed to be." Sherrel admits, putting a modified wrench down.

"As long as you keep up your current good behavior, once this is done I'll let you work on a personal project, I think you can be trusted at this point." I say, making her perk up even as she tries to hide her excitement.

Sherrel isn't a trusting person, she's been through too much for that, but you can still catch more flies with honey and sugar than you can with salt and cocaine.

"Is there anything else you need, or are you all set down here?" I ask, making her smile slightly.

"This place is… almost scarily well-prepared, it's like you knew everything I'd need and got it before I could even ask for it. I know it's bullshit coming from a Tinker, but Thinkers are scary." Sherrel admits, making me chuckle.

I just had the workers build the room that became available when I got Sherrel, so I'm not surprised it's perfect for her.

"I like being prepared, it saves a lot of time and effort." I say simply, making her nod.

"This should be done by the end of the week, maybe a bit longer if I want to get the turrets installed." Sherrel adds, gesturing to the two mini guns sitting on the side of the workshop.

…where did she get those? I didn't do the armoury research yet.

"Bob's been a great help, even if I'm never sure where he gets this stuff from." Sherrel says, making me pause before I shrug.

"Bob is simply good at his job, I've learnt to not question it too hard." I say, making her shrug.

"If he can keep pulling rocket launchers out of his ass, I don't care how he's doing it." Sherrel agrees, wait… rocket launchers?

No, don't ask. Bob does what Bob does, I don't need to worry about it.

"Anyway, Leah? Has Sherrel mentioned my power buffing ability?" I ask, making her blink in confusion.

"Power buffing?" Leah asked, making me smile.

"Short version, I'm a trump capable of improving other capes powers, I removed some of the restrictions on Sherrel's power, and now I want to buff your own power since…" I trail off, making her laugh,

"I won't be offended, I know my power sucks." Leah agrees, approaching me. "What do I need to do, boss?" Leah asks as I reach forwards and place my hand on her cheek.

Her power is going to need multiple upgrades to be viable, but I can at least give it a start.

The first upgrade is obvious, and with a smile I grant a new power to her shard, getting a feeling of appreciation back.

"I've started simple and have given you the ability to throw anything caught in your whirlwind at a target, when the cooldown is over in a couple of weeks I'll increase the weight limit of the things you can lift but for now perhaps you should look into something light that you could carry on you? Marbles wouldn't be a bad choice, even if they aren't the most impressive, I think the throw will have enough for behind it to at least make them do some damage." I say calmly, giving her a smile which she returns quickly.

"Oh wow, that felt… thanks, boss." Leah says, shaking her head as I chuckle.

As I go to speak, I get a message making me sigh, pulling my phone and pausing as I read it.

Oh.

Amy

"Amy, would you like to explain this." Midas asked with a stern voice as she blushed. "I believe I said something about not making super-plant abominations."

"I… Umm, I can explain?" Amy said, her face bright red as her creation lashed out towards Midas with its vines, Midas's skin turning to gold as it attempted to wrap around his throat. "No! Bad, let him go." Amy ordered, watching the vime reluctantly slide back towards the writing mass of vines.

Carol might have had a point, but adding some human DNA into her creation had seemed a good idea, maybe it was the venus fly trap DNA she added?

In hindsight, making her creation carnivorous had been a bit of a mistake.

"It can hear you?" Midas asked, his skin still gold as her creation stared them down, towering over her with its vines covering the greenhouse.

"I gave it ears, kinda.. and a brain." Amy admitted as Midas looked back at the giant plant, the fang filled mouth staring down at them, it didn't have eyes but it had could sense them.

"…Amy, I was gone for less than an hour." Midas said calmly, even as another vine slowly reached out towards him, making the creature screech as he casually brought a metal foot down on it.

"I'm sorry… but it listens to me, I imprinted on it so it sees me as it's mother, I was careful to make sure it'd listen to me." Amy said quickly, making him chuckle.

"Don't worry, you aren't in trouble." Midas said with a laugh, patting her head in amusement. "Nobody got hurt, just a few minions got scared when your greenhouse was suddenly overgrown."

"…Can I keep it?" Amy asked shyly, making him chuckle.

"I think you need your own room here, before you traumatise my men. I'll have them build you a more private room, but yes, you can keep it as long as it doesn't eat anyone." Midas laughed, making her blush at his amused tone.

"I'll put it to sleep, so they can move it later." Amy agreed, still embarrassed as she reached down and tapped the viney tentacle, making the creature fall limp. "I'm sorry…"

"It's fine, I wanted you to experiment, I figured you'd get a bit carried away." Midas chuckled, his skin turning back to flesh as he ruffled her hair. "Did you have fun?"

"I… I did, I'll be more careful next time." Amy said quietly, sheepish and embarrassed.

"It's fine, it isn't going to wake up any time soon, is it?" Midas asked, making her shake her head.

"It's basically in a coma, it'll sleep until I wake it up." Amy agreed, despite the result she was fairly impressed with herself.

"Good, then you can come with me while my men work out how to move that thing." Midas said in amusement, taking her hand.

As he led her back to his office, she silently admitted she wouldn't be able to go back to healing, even now her power was flooding her mind with ideas on how she could make her baby bigger, and better, and she couldn't wait.

Carol would hate it, but she couldn't bring herself to care anymore. She'd burnt that bridge, not that Carol hadn't spent the last decade covering it in oil to make sure the fire would completely incinerate it.

Reaching Midas's bedroom, she blushed as he led her to the bed, not resisting as she already felt herself growing wet.

"I have something I want to show you, Amy." Midas said, moving her into the bed as he turned on the massive tv on the wall, her eyes widening as a picture of Vicky appeared on the screen.

It was much better quality than the pictures taken by her phone camera, and it looked far more professional as Vicky posed in nothing but the crown she wore as Glory Girl, her legs positioned so the camera couldn't see her pussy.

"What… this isn't one of the leaked ones." Amy said, watching the picture change to one of Vicky and Crystal with their naked bodies pressed together, their breasts pushed together as they both gave a sultry smile at the camera.

"Nope, it's part of a photo set she and Crystal did for charity recently, for charity. It was Prophet's idea, to turn the bad PR I gave them into a positive thing." Midas chuckled, watching her stare at the photos in shock. "But what I wanted to show you is this…" Midas said, pressing a button and making the pictures change. "They only released the softcore pictures, but the 'photo shoot' went on a lot longer than that." Midas said with a laugh, the camera looking down at Vicky and Crystal as they both kissed Prophet's cock.

"How did you get them then?" Amy asked, staring in shock as the pictures got progressively more slutty, Crystal riding Vicky's face while Prophet fucked her, making her bite her lip as she rubbed her thighs together.

"Even if I didn't already have access to Vicky's phone, Prophet's security isn't as good as he thinks, it took my hackers a while but I managed to create a back door in his systems, not that it's that useful, he's a Noctis cape and he doesn't actually write anything incriminating down. Typical Jin, always so cautious, always missing the obvious." Yin chuckled, tossing his mask off as he laid down on the bed next to her.

Staring at the screen, she felt herself grow irrationally angry, at Vicky, at herself, at someone she wasn't entirely sure.

How many years had she been struggling with her feelings for Vicky? Filled with shame and disgust at her wanting her adopted sister… and here Vicky was, happily making out with her 'cousin'.

It made her feel stupid, and kinda pissed her off even though Vicky hadn't actually done anything wrong.

"When was this?" Amy asked, biting her lip as Yin's hands slowly roamed over her body, removing her clothes piece by piece.

"Yesterday evening." Yin replied, pulling her top over her head and tossing her bra away as she blushed, not resisting as he started to gently play with her large breasts.

She had a better body than Crystal, not many people realised it because of her robe and preference for baggy clothes, but she had some of the biggest breasts in New Wave (aside from Vicky, and that was only because Vicky kept bugging her to make hers bigger every time Dean's eyes even flickered towards another girl.

Crystal was basically flat, barely even b-cups that were much smaller than her d's, and her ass was flatter, maybe Vicky just liked blondes?

…of course she did, because as much as she loved Vicky, she was well aware of how narcissistic she could be.

Crystal did look like a smaller, flatter Vicky, maybe that was enough for Vicky to be interested, she probably didn't actually like Crystal.

Shaking her head, she stopped that line of thought, she knew Crystal and Vicky got along very well, both were extroverts with similar hobbies, and it didn't surprise her as much as she wished it did, but it still hurt.

As Yin removed her trousers, she blushed as her panties were slowly pulled down with them, Yin removing his own clothes as she glanced down at his erect cock.

"Did you show me this just to hurt me?" Amy asked, making him chuckle as he leaned up and kissed her, laying down on top of her with his manhood resting on her stomach.

"Would you rather have not known?" Yin asked, gently grasping his length and pressing the tip against her still-virgin slit. "Or not have gotten to see this?" he asked, gesturing to the screen, Vicky's face scrunched up in pleasure as Jin and Crystal toyed with her body.

"…just fuck me and get it over with." Amy grumbled, one of her legs wrapping around his waist as she glared at the smug villain.

Of course she wanted to see their video, and the fact that Vicky clearly didn't mind playing around with her relatives set her mind racing, and made her pussy incredibly wet, there'd be no resistance when he took her, something he clearly knew already.

"Oh? So grumpy, would you rather I stop? I'm sure Rabbit wouldn't mind taking your place." Yin teased, pulling back as she moved her other leg around his waist, holding him in place as she glowered up at him.

She wanted to forget about Vicky, about Carol and all her troubles for just a little while.

"You don't have to be so smug" Amy growled, rolling her eyes. "Yes, you win, I want you to fuck me, my virginity is yours. Hap-" she paused her eyes shooting open as Yin thrust forwards and sheathed his entire length in her virginal cunt in one swift motion. "O-oh, fuck… you could have given me some warning." Amy moaned, even as her legs tightened around his waist.

"You asked for it, quite literally." he teased back as he slowly started to thrust his hips, making her roll her eyes again even as she started to quietly moan.

What the hell had happened to her life that lead to her willingly, and happily, even if she wouldn't give him the satisfaction of saying it out loud, fucking a villain.

One that had made life difficult for her entire family no less, she couldn't even say she was being blackmailed anymore because she'd called him, asked to be picked up and brought to him.

Her, the hero, asked her villainous blackmailer to come pick her up because she was sad. Because she had no one else she could talk to, her aunt would have tried to get her and Carol to make up, and neither of them were ready for that, who else could she have gone to?

The doctors and nurses she knew? Her classmates she never spoke to? Her sister who was too busy playing with Crystal and Prophet?

No, her closest confidant was a supervillain, and that really drilled in how pathetic her life was.

As he started to speed up, she made up her mind and grabbed him, rolling them over so she was on top, looking down at him.

"Oh?" Yin said in curiosity, his hands resting on her hips as she gave him a small dry smile.

"I want to be the one in control, I'm just using you as a distraction. That's all this is." Amy lied, making him chuckle.

"Then by all means, set the pace." Yin said, giving her a little spank as she lifted herself up, before dropping herself down onto his cock with a wanton moan.

She wasn't in control of anything, everything was decided for her by other people, but for this alone she was taking control.

Yin wasn't fucking her, she was fucking him to take her mind of her cheating mother, beautiful sister and her shitty life.

It was a tiny difference, but it made all the difference to her as she smirked down at him, bouncing on his cock as her moans filled the room.

Yin was using her, manipulating her to his own ends, but she was using him as well, for pleasure, for a place to relax and experiment with her powers.

She felt safer and more comfortable here than she ever had at home, no Carol scowling down at her, no Vicky with her misguided attempts to set her up with boys she had no interest in, no responsibilities pressing down on her, she could just do whatever she wanted.

And right now, she wanted to fuck.

Riding his cock, she moaned as he reached up and groped her breasts, his nimble digits skilfully toying with her nipples, working out all her sensitive spots.

He was good at that, working out exactly how to push her buttons, probably some Thinker bullshit but she didn't really care about the how right now.

It didn't take her long to climax, she was too pent up and her private playtime at home just didn't do it for her, something he probably knew if the smug grin he was giving her as she clenched down on his length meant anything, loud moans leaving her mouth as she placed her hands on his chest, bracing herself.

Pausing, she wondered what the hell he'd done to his internal organs, her power seemed unable to affect them, before she mentally shrugged. They all seemingly worked, they just weren't organic?

"Finally noticed?" Yin chuckled, his entire body turning to a shiny gold, before he turned back slowly. "It's one of my powers, I always keep my insides nice and golden, it's a safety precaution you understand." Yin admitted, making her roll her eyes.

"You take the whole Midas thing too seriously." Amy said, her voice slightly breathy as she started to ride him again. She'd given up trying to work out what the hell he could do.

Part of her said she should tell someone, but a larger part of her laughed the thought out of her head. What the hell would she even say?

'Oh, I was fucking Midas and I noticed his bones and internal organs were all gold.'

Yup, that'd go down so well.

Feeling his climax approach, she paused as she looked down at him, she couldn't nuke her own womb like she did Vicky's.

"If you want to cum inside, I'm making you temporarily infertile." Amy warned, as he paused before he gave her a nod, his internal organs shifting back to their original form, a show of trust that made her smile slightly as she easily made him infertile, while also increasing his sperm production and lowering his refractory time.

He'd produce a lot of cum, it just wouldn't have any chance of getting anyone pregnant, and he'd be able to perform as often as he wanted to. A silent thank you for what he'd done for her, since she was too stubborn to admit it out loud.

A couple of minutes later, her eyes widened as she felt him release his load inside her, the warm and full feeling making her moan and collapse onto his chest, silently admitting that she could see why Vicky seemed to like sex so much.

Cuddling against his chest for a few minutes in comfortable silence, she looked up at him before she gave him a long kiss, her hips already moving again.

Later

Sitting in her new greenhouse, she calmly grasped one of her creations' vines, scolding it as one of the smaller ones struck at her hand.

It didn't hurt her, but it was just enough to tell her that her creation wasn't happy with her knocking it out like that, the massive maw staring down at her, green liquid dripping out of its mouth.

She should be afraid, it looked like it could swallow her whole but she knew she could kill it with a tap of her finger, it knew it as well.

"Behave." Amy warned, altering the texture of the vine so it wasn't so rough and ugly.

As her phone vibrated, she stared down at it on hesitation before she sighed.

Vicky: Mom said you ran off?! U okay? Where r u?
Amy: At my boyfriend's place (no I'm not telling u who he is), couldn't stay in the same house as her. Explain later, I'll be back in a couple of days. Ask her if you can't wait, not that she'll tell you what she did.
Vicky: Fuck. Knew you had a man, you've been too happy lately (and always texting someone lol). I did ask mom, she looked scared, the fuck did she do? If you don't come home in two days I'm coming looking for you. Text me if you need anything, I'll be there ASAP.

Wait, Vicky was actually letting her have some space? Was the world ending?

Before she could think about it any more, a vine wrapped around her leg and made her turn her glare back towards her creation, the vine retreating immediately as it looked away innocently.

She knew adding cat DNA was a bad idea, everyone knew cats were evil.

Vicky

Sighing to herself, she just hoped that Jin was right.

Her first instinct was to fly out and search for Amy, but Prophet pointed out the flaws in that plan.

First, it would publicly announce that Amy was 'missing', and give any opportunistic villains a chance to try and find her, secondly it'd say she didn't trust Amy to look after herself and he was sure that not being trusted was one of the thugs that caused this in the first place.

She was sure he knew where she was, and when she asked him he'd even admitted that he did, but he wouldn't tell her and she almost appreciated it because it meant she couldn't go make things worse.

But waiting around really didn't suit her.

What she did know is that her mom was definitely in the wrong, but nobody would tell her what she'd done.

Ugh, this sucked.

Jin

It's time I stopped playing with Independents and tried the big leagues. The PRT are still trying to find out as much as they can about me before they contact me, but I think I've waited long enough.

There's a chance this exposes my Prophet/Midas deception, but if it does? Well, I'm well positioned enough to be able to survive it, and what is life without a little risk?

I have plans in place for if this works, and for if I'm exposed.

My hackers have spent a lot of time making both persona's look legit, and they're very good at their jobs, as is to be expected of tier 3 minions.

It was absolutely the right choice to go for cyber-warfare first, normally it'd have been a lot harder to unlock which makes taking it as my freebie a very smart move.

The biggest threat at the moment is Armsmaster's lie detector, but fortunately I have a counter for that as well, even if it comes with a new responsibility.

Guild Obligation - Assigned by Kuro T
So, Armsmaster is a lil bitch. I just killed him when I did Worm, but I jumped the gun a little. Make him suffer.
Objective: Get Dragon as a harem member, discredit Armsmaster and end his career as a hero.
Reward: 250 Guild Credits, ???

Perk Unlocked
[Fuck You Armsmaster]
Armsmaster's tech will malfunction when used on you

I have no idea what Armsmaster did to piss off one of the Founders, and the creator of my system so much, but at this point I'm not sure I want to know.

As for how I'm going to go about this, I have a cunning plan to arrange my meeting with the PRT.

"Are you ready, my dear?" I ask, turning to the side where my newest follower smiles, the creation of the League has allowed me access to a great deal more villains than I would have had otherwise, and some I chose to recruit personally instead of inviting to join the League.

"Of course, master. I will not fail you." the accented voice replies as the woman struts towards me. "I will not let you down." the purple haired woman says, making me chuckle.

Knowing the personalities of the various villains before I even contact them is very useful, and I will never admit how many times I watched the Justice League Unlimited cartoon.

At least this world doesn't have Darkseid.

…God I hope it doesn't have Darkseid.

Emily Piggot

"Director, Prophet wishes to speak with you." her intercom said as she looked up in surprise, they planned to call the number they got from Glory Girl later this week when things had calmed down somewhat.

It appears he got impatient.

"Fine, put him through and make sure the call is recorded." Emily replied, already planning out what she'd say.

"Umm, I mean in person. He just walked up to the front desk and introduced himself. He's standing right in front of me." the agent corrected as she paused.

Quickly checking which heroes were on base, she frowned at the presumption that he could just walk into their base and expect an immediate meeting with her, before mentally admitting that he was right to think so as she cleared out her next meeting and had one of the secure conference rooms prepared.

Armsmaster and Miss Militia were on base, Assault and Battery were overseeing Shadow Stalkers transport, the rest were on patrol or still getting settled in.

Sending Miss Militia a message, she scowled. She was almost certain that Prophet did this without warning to throw her off balance.

Technically the headquarters was a public area, at least certain parts of it, to make the PRT seem more approachable. But that didn't mean that capes who weren't working for them should be allowed to just walk in and make themselves at home.

Telling the agent where to send him, she made her way to the conference room herself, still frowning. They didn't know anything about Prophet, not even what his power actually was, which was why they hadn't contacted him yet, they didn't like working with poor information.

Seeing Miss Militia already there, she took her seat and gave her favourite cape a nod, not that she'd admit to liking any of them, but Miss Militia was the easiest to deal with.

"Do we know how exactly this cape managed to just enter the Rig?" Emily asked immediately, making Miss Militia nod, her eyes narrowing slightly.

"He walked, all the way along the forcefield roadway, the agents assumed he was expected because he claimed he was visiting for a meeting with you. I've already reprimanded the agent who let him through without checking his story, it seems he was convinced because of how calm Prophet was." Miss Militia said with annoyance.

"Act like you're supposed to be there, and it's surprising how few people will question your presence." Emily scoffed, making a note to throw the agent into M/S containment for a night, not because she had any evidence that Prophet was a master but purely to teach him a lesson.

Before Miss Militia could reply, the door opened and an agent led in the cape who had to be Prophet, who confidently walked into the room without a hint of anxiety.

Wearing a long white hooded robe that was open at the front, his face was completely covered by a black skintight mask, a purple symbol of an eye inside a diamond sitting on his forehead as he took a seat without waiting to be offered one.

His body was covered with what seemed like a lightly armoured, white and black bodysuit. The white chest had another diamond in the middle, with the image of a black chess piece, a king, sitting within it. Not even a sliver of skin was exposed, white gloves and black bracers covering his hands, a purple gem on each bracer.

It was a well made costume, but it didn't exactly scream hero. The King piece was fairly concerning, which he likely knew from the way his mask crinkled from his smile.

"Thanks for agreeing to see me on such short notice, I'm afraid I got bored of waiting for you to finish your investigation into me." Prophet said idly, his tone very laidback as he rested his head on his hand, the very picture of casualness as she suppressed her scowl. "Well, that and the more time you waste, the more we all fall behind, and I'm not willing to lose because you were all being too cautious."

"Excuse me?" Emily said, the cocky tone already wearing on her patience as he grinned.

"Midas is winning, especially now that he's created his League, and I'm not willing to lose to him just because you guys were being too slow. Since I'm sure you've already noticed, yes I sound like Midas, brothers often do. I came to Brockton with the sole purpose of defeating him, and he's out there winning while you all sit on your hands and do nothing." Prophet said bluntly, making her scowl at him.

"You realise that admitting you're related to a villain that's been causing us so much trouble isn't going to help you." Emily said, making him laugh.

"Panacea is Marquis' daughter, Assault used to be Madcap, Shadow Stalker had more blood on her hands than some actual villains when you took her in, don't waste both our time pretending that me having a villainous twin brother would stop you from accepting me if I offered to join. Save your breath and don't try to mindgame a Thinker." Prophet laughed, making her scowl harder.

"Perhaps we have gotten off on the wrong foot, I doubt you came all this way just to antagonise the director." Miss Militia said calmly, making Prophet chuckle.

"True, I didn't. Allow me to get to the point then, me and my brother are connected thanks to my power, which allows me to link to a single other cape and mimic their powers, along with telling me where he is at all times. I'm here to offer my services upgrading the PRT capes so you can actually keep up with the upgraded villains, for a price of course." Prophet said casually.

"You… can upgrade powers?" Emily asked in growing suspicion, watching as he took off a glove and casually tapped the desk, turning it to gold.

"Among other things." Prophet agreed easily.

As she went to reply, another agent entered the room, making her stare at him.

"Director, we have a problem." he said immediately, glancing at Prophet.

"Report." Emily replied after a moment, her finger on the containment foam button.

"Midas and the League have assaulted Shadow Stalker's prison transport, Assault and Battery are heavily outnumbered." he reported, her eyes widening.

"What are their numbers, how many capes?" Emily asked quickly, Prophet seeming only mildly interested.

"Two dozen armed men, wearing the Golden Syndicates colours. Midas himself, White Rabbit, Scarecrow, Dusty Ash, Cheetah, Jinx and Killer Croc." he replied as her eyes widened. "Dusty Ash is showing signs of having an upgraded power, she has control of her ash and is using it to blind our men. Midas has turned the transport van itself to gold, Armsmaster is requesting permission to join the fight."

"Negative, tell Assault and Battery to fall back, Velocity and Triumph are to provide support and help them get away." Emily said, growling to herself. She couldn't take that fight.

Damn it.

"The first of many defeats, your people won't be able to keep up with the upgraded villains." Prophet said idly.

"You don't seem surprised." Emily accused making him chuckle.

"Shadow Stalker is the right kind of sociopath that Midas would like under his control, so no, I'm not particularly surprised." Prophet admitted. "He does like hitting transports, doesn't he?"

"Has anyone told you that you're incredibly unlikeable?" Emily asked bluntly, making him laugh.

"As many people as I'm sure have told you the same, but when you have powers like mine, being likeable becomes fairly unimportant. Besides, I'm nice to the people I like, I just dislike government agencies in general." Prophet admitted easily.

"How exactly does your power work, if you don't mind me asking?" Miss Militia asked, interrupting her reply.

"Im fairly certain my power works… somewhat similarly to the Butcher's but reversed, I can link to a single cape and copy their powers, but I can't break that link. I have suspicions that if I was to kill Midas, I'd get his powers permanently and be able to link to someone else, but I obviously haven't tested that and I have no real intention to do so. I want to beat my brother, I don't want to see him dead." Prophet admitted. "As for Midas? His power is developing powers, he has almost a dozen individual powers and due to the link, so do I. And no, I have no intention of telling you them all, because while it'd weaken Midas, it'd also weaken me. I will warn you that Midas can turn himself into that same golden alloy if he's in danger, and while he is in that form he doesn't need to breathe. It makes his secret backup plan fairly obvious, dropping a bunch of Scarecrow's fear gas grenades and escaping."

"You realise we could be much for effective at countering your brother if you helped us, isn't that why you came here?" Miss Militia asked, making him laugh again.

"I'm willing to work with the PRT, but I'd rather tongue kiss the Siberian than work for them. One thing me and my brother share is a refusal to work for anyone but ourselves, well that and a disdain for the inefficiency of the government. I don't really care if you like me, because it's not you who makes the decisions is it? When the Chief Director tells you to, you know how to get in contact with me. Or you can save yourself the trouble of being our middleman and just pass my number to her directly, I don't mind. Since it seems you're going to be busy soon, I'll show myself out." Prophet said, rising up as she glowered at him.

She wanted to wipe the smug grin of his face so badly, the skintight mask doing little to hide his expression. But she also knew how the Chief Director would react to her doing anything to alienate him.

Something he also clearly knew as he gave her a mocking wave.

"Oh, can someone tell Kid Win that his speciality is modular devices, it's just sad how much you people are wasting his potential. Guess Armsmaster doesn't want the competition." Prophet laughed as she nodded to the agent, just wanting him gone.

Despite her anger, she did make a note to actually have the message passed on to Kid Win.

Now she had a brand new mess to deal with.

Later

Having more heroes in Brockton should always be a good thing, helping to maintain the balance and stop the PRT from being completely outclassed and outmatched.

Like when Shadow Stalker was busted out of her transport, and had to just back off and let Midas take her.

Their territory had been slowly shrinking for years, as ridiculous as it was to have to compete with the gangs for control of the city they were supposed to protect, but it was how the game was played.

But, sometimes a hero could legitimately be more trouble than they were worth, a hero who didn't understand the delicate balance of the city could destabilise everything and cause far more damage than the villain's they stopped.

It was why she hated dealing with Independents, she had no control over them and she couldn't stop them from making matters worse, like when Brandish and Glory Girl hit the Merchants and made Midas's rise far smoother.

She still wasn't convinced that Prophet wasn't working with his brother and playing them all, but she also knew that if they refused to work with him then the villains would all grow stronger while they fell behind.

It was a super powered arms race, and only Prophet and Midas had the goods each side so desperately needed.

If she didn't play along, the Chief Director would kick her to the curb and replace her with someone who'd bend over backwards for him, and she wouldn't allow that to happen.

She was well aware that the power to upgrade capes was far more valuable than she was, as well as the fact that Costa-Brown would get rid of her if she did anything to compromise the PRTs relationship with Prophet.

So, to keep her position and make sure Prophet couldn't have his way with PRT, she had to play nice, because if she was replaced they might as well give Prophet her position since whatever cape-sympathiser they replaced her with would give him anything and everything he wanted.

That, combined with her being told to leave Midas alone for now meant that this was something of a problem.

"You mean to tell me you knew this heroine was captured, days ago? You even know where she is, and you have done nothing?" The heroine staring her down almost shouted, shock and disgust on her face.

The incredibly fit woman wearing red, blue and gold armour glared down at her angrily, making her place her hand on the containment foam button on her chair, making her scoff derisively.

"It isn't that simple, but yes." Emily admitted, mentally sighing.

This was just a microcosm of the hardships she faced dealing with Independents, a powerful hero who she had now at to control running around Brockton with all the power and subtly as a wrecking ball.

When she found out who told Wonder Woman about Huntress, she would be having words.

The independent hero had come to Brockton tracking a villain named Aresia who served her mother, the S-class villain Hippolyta, but she was a true hero, unwilling to turn away from the plight of others, even when she really should.

Normally an independent wouldn't be given so much aid from the PRT, or be allowed to speak to her like this, but Wonder Woman was one of the strongest independents and once again, orders from above basically said 'give her whatever help she wants.'

"This Huntress, a former member of your own Wards, has been held captive by a villain for days, and you have done nothing to aid her? Have you no honour? Who knows what atrocities she has been put through." Wonder Woman growled, making her sigh.

"Midas's base is heavily defended, and while Huntress was a member of the Wards, that was many years ago and she left, she knew she couldn't expect us to help her after she left. Midas is-" Emily started.

"A villain, and a man. One who has taken Squealer, White Rabbit and likely other women we don't know about, I won't be fooled by his gilded words. You may sit on your hands and do nothing if you wish, I will rescue her myself." Wonder Woman declared heroically, once again confirming her dislike of independent heroes.

Midas was powerful and well-connected, attacking him without proper planning and support was a disaster waiting to happen.

Before she could even try and convince the hard-headed heroine of that fact, the other woman turned and marched away, on her self-appointed quest to poke the sleeping Midas.

He was getting settled into his territory for now, not attacking or expanding, which was ideal for them because they needed the war between the Empire and the ABB to end before he decided to push out. They just didn't have the manpower to deal with Midas and his league of empowered villains at the moment.

But who knew how he'd react to a raging Amazon and her sidekick kicking down his door.

Prophet, Prophet probably knew.

If Prophet was working with his brother, she'd be endangering Wonder Woman by contacting him, but at the end of the day her priority was the city itself, not a foreign hero too stubborn to listen to reason.

Picking up her phone, she messaged Prophet asking how he believed Midas would react to an independent hero attacking his base.

'Depends on how successful they are, Midas needs to keep up the good rep he's been enjoying, if someone damages his image by actually beating him, he'd aggressively retaliate to prevent himself from looking weak (especially now that Empire scouts have started testing the waters), but I'm almost certain that his public base is a decoy. Your independent is likely charging into a trap, unless they are attacking the hotel the League uses, in which case I imagine they'll just die. That's a hornet's nest that definitely shouldn't be kicked unless you're ready to deal with the consequences.'

Well, they were almost certain he'd moved Huntress to his main base, given the black van that left the hotel shortly after Shadow Stalker was captured, and that was where Wonder Woman was going to attack.

If the base was a decoy, which made far too much sense for it to be wrong, Wonder Woman would hopefully just come out of this looking like a fool, even if Midas getting another 'victory' under his belt was incredibly annoying.

Silently, she gave Midas the props he was due, Skidmark lost everything charging a base that probably wasn't even real.

Or it was real and Midas had multiple bases in Brockton, possibly in other areas aside from the Merchant territory… and also had the capability to move his men around without being noticed.

Oh.

Well, that was somewhat worrying.

Bonus Scene - Orika

"Jin, that night was a mistake." Orika said hesitantly, feeling Jin's hand resting in her leg, an almost mischievous smile on his face as he sat next to her on her lucky room couch.

They were meeting to go over the contracts he'd lined up, now that they were both sober, but in the back of her mind she admitted it could have been done over the phone or email, and there wasn't as much conviction in her tone as she would have liked even as Jin's hand slipped up her skirt completely.

"It was, shall we make another mistake?" Jin asked, grabbing her and pulling her into his lap as she yelped, not really resisting even as he moved both hands under her skirt and groped her barely covered ass.

"W-we shouldn't." Orika said quietly, her hands resting on his chest as he groped and squeezed her.

"Be honest, you wanted this. Why else would you want to meet me here, while your husband was at the new warehouse? Why else would you be wearing such a short skirt, such a sexy thong?" Jin asked, moving his hand back around to unbutton her shirt, revealing the matching bra as she blushed and looked away.

She couldn't deny it, even if it hadn't been her intention. She was terrible, but she already knew that.

She had a secret, something only her husband knew, she was a villain. A minor retired villain to be exact, but a villain nonetheless, she robbed, lied and hurt people for personal gain then faked her death to avoid the consequences of her actions. People died because of her and she fled to play housewife.

Her husband had accepted her, despite her history and crimes, and here she was letting a stranger molest her in their living room.

"You know, this place is incredibly run down, I'm guessing you put all your money into the business?" Jin asked, making her blink before she nodded, slightly embarrassed by how run down their house was, they didn't have the money for luxuries, or to replace old furniture.

"We do." Orika admitted, shamefully disappointed when Jin moved her out of his lap and went back to pick up his briefcase, her eyes widening as he pulled out a stack of notes and placed them on the old coffee table in front of her.

"$5000, spending money to do with as you wish… if you let me do with you as I wish." Jin said with a playful smile.

"I-I am not a prostitute!" Orika half shouted, offended even as she looked at the stack of notes.

"Of course not, this isn't a street corner, and you aren't offering yourself to every passerby. Consider this… a sugar daddy arrangement, it can be our little secret and you can enjoy the finer things in life. You've been working so hard for so long, and we both know you want this." Jin said easily, sitting on the edge of the table with a casual grin. "Now, why don't you be a good girl and remove your shirt for me?" Jin asked, his tone equally domineering and teasing as she glanced back at the pile of money.

That was almost a year's worth of groceries, she could splurge and get some better food instead of the cheap store brand stuff. She could replace her laptop with something that didn't run like hot garbage, replace some furniture…

It was embarrassing how easy she could think of excuses for the money, but as a former villain who stole quite a lot, she was used to explaining away influxes of money, even if she was a bit rusty.

Standing up, she slowly finished unbuttoning her shirt, she dropped it in silent acceptance making Jin smile hungrily as he rose, towards her and guiding her to her knees as he sat down, his belt coming off.

She was selling herself, she couldn't deny that, but she knew she was too weak willed to resist Jin anyway, she wanted this and she might as well get paid for something she'd do for free.

Ochako

Sitting in her bedroom, Ochako felt her cheeks growing increasingly warm as she hid under the pillow.

She was supposed to be out, her parents thought she was but she'd come home early when her friends had decided to go to the movies because she didn't want to admit she didn't have the money for it.

Why was popcorn so expensive in the first place?

But it meant she'd been at home, when her mother clearly thought she was out.

"Harder! Fuck me, pound my slutty pussy." Her mother moaned, the thin walls letting them noise through as she pulled her pillow tighter against her head.

It didn't do anything to muffle her mothers pleasured moans and pleas, and it wasn't until what seemed like hours later that they finally died down, making her slowly get up and peek out of her door, confirming what she suspected.

Watching a man she didn't know walk out of her parents bedroom, she snuck out of her room as he went downstairs, her heart dripping at the realisation that her mother was having an affair.

Unable to stop herself, she peeked into her parents room, her eyes widening at the sight of her mothers cum-stained body, but what drew her attention was the bank notes scattered around her, some clutched in her hand. Had she…

Realisation setting in, she snuck to the bottom of the stairs and watched the man calmly picking up a briefcase, still naked as he turned and looked right at her, making her jump as he gave her a lazy smile.

"Ahh, you must be Ochako?" he asked, calmly pulling his boxers back on, covering his… impressive manhood, not that she knew anything about male anatomy, other than a few videos she wouldn't admit to watching.

"Did you pay-" Ochako started, going silent as he approached.

"Did I pay your mother for sex? Yes, I'm guessing she didn't realise you were home." he said idly. "I'm a business partner of hers, it's just an arrangement we came to for my aid pulling your family out of debt."

Unable to think of a reply, she just watched as he finished dressing, before he walked right up to her.

"Still, that must have been a bit traumatising for you." he said calmly, opening his briefcase and pulling out some notes. "Here, call it my apology." he said, passing her the stack of twenties as her eyes widened, barely reacting fast enough to catch the tossed money, more than she'd ever had. "There's… I don't know, $500? $1000? Something like that in there." he said unconcerned, at the amount of money he was literally tossing around.

"Wha-" Ochako started, cutting off with a yelp as the older man gave her a spank on her backside, making her turn bright red as he grinned at her, his other hand grabbing her chin gently and making her look up into his intense eyes.

"That should be enough for a shopping trip, and you don't want to ruin things for your parents so why don't you be a good girl and keep this between us, okay?" he asked, giving her a smile.

Before she could even respond, he grabbed his briefcase again and calmly walked towards the door.

"Oh, it's Jin by the way, and I set your mothers alarm to go off in fifteen minutes so she could clean up, so you might want to be out of the house before then." Jin said playfully, leaving her alone with a pile of cash.

…what the hell just happened?!

Jin

And that's two powers confirmed, and there's a leaflet about UA on the bedside table in her parents room, which I briefly skimmed while Orika was out.

The good thing about Noctis Cape is that I can't forget what I read, even if I just skim something.

I shook her husband's hand when I gave him the key to the new warehouse, he doesn't have a power, so now it's just a case of matching the power Orika has to a hero or villain.

After all, the ability to produce miniature pseudo-black holes is rather noteworthy, there can't be that many people with similar powers.

Authors Note: Fuck this heat, it's way too hot damn it. Between my shifts and this heat, my writing has slowed to a crawl.
"Sanity and happiness are an impossible combination."
― Mark Twain

​
My Discord, come here for porn and also sometimes fics: https://discord.gg/wd3tUYWVCd

My Patreon, I promise to spend any money given to me irresponsibly: https://www.patreon.com/TheDarkWolfShiro​
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Joel Fischoff, BEARiiKADE, gartf and 1,188 others
The Dark Wolf Shiro
Jul 22, 2021
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 16.5: PHOh God
View content
The Dark Wolf Shiro
The Dark Wolf Shiro
Everyone Hail to the Pumpkin King
JoinedApr 1, 2019
Messages9,336
Likes received960,957
Jul 28, 2021
Add bookmark
#3,003
Disclaimer: I own nothing but my own original characters and works, if you recognise it from somewhere else, surprise it isn't mine.
Discord Link: discord .gg/ wd3tUYWVCd
Pat reon Link: Pat reon .com/TheDarkWolfShiro
Betad by morde24

The Guild of Gamers: The Supervillain
Chapter 16.5: PHOh God

Paige Mcabee (Canary)

Sitting in her cell, Paige accepted the simple truth. She was birdcage bound and there was nothing she could do to stop it.

She couldn't try and convince anyone of her innocence, that she didn't mean for things to go like this, because she was literally gagged to prevent her from mastering anyone she spoke to.

She couldn't even hire a better lawyer instead of the one they assigned her, one she'd never even met yet, because her finances were frozen and even if they weren't she wasn't allowed to leave her cell to actually hire someone.

Dragon has been apologetic, and she truly seemed to mean it, but it didn't help her. They'd held her trial, without even bothering to bring her out of the cell, and comparisons between her and the fucking Simurgh were being thrown around, so they decided the only place for a dangerous cape who mastered millions of people (because she'd been charged for every single person who listened to her music) was the Birdcage.

Where she'd probably die within a week, if she was lucky.

She couldn't even bring herself to cry anymore, she had no more tears to spill and it wouldn't change anything anyway.

Hearing a commotion, she didn't even look up at first, before gunshots rang out and she jumped, looking at the door as she paid attention to the shouting and sounds of violence coming from down the hallway.

As her door was unlocked, she tensed up as it swung open, a smugly smiling blonde woman in a purple catsuit walking into her cell.

"Don't worry, we aren't here to hurt you. Quite the opposite actually, we're your ticket out of this place." She said, quickly moving forwards and reaching up to the high tech gag, doing something she couldn't see before it simply came undone and she tossed it over to the side. "I'm Tattletale, leader of the Undersiders, and our employer has tasked me with getting you out of here."

"Not afraid I'll master you?" Paige asked scornfully as she laughed.

"Nope, and even if you did we have some assistants who are immune to master powers, plus Bitch might have something to say about that." Tattletale said, as one of the guards went flying past the door, propelled by a massive furred werewolf who looked into the room and snarled something at Tattletale.

"I know, look I know you have questions but we are on a time limit. We've delayed their reinforcements but we only have a short window to get you out, my employer is Midas, he's a villain based in Brockton Bay and the founder of the League of Villains, you've been incarcerated since before he showed up, so you haven't heard of him. You can either come with us, and Midas can protect you from the PRT, or you can stay here and you'll be in the Birdcage by the end of the month. Your choice." Tattletale said calmly, making her scoff.

"That's not much of a choice." Canary said as she sighed. "Lead the way."

She had no idea who Midas was, but she wasn't going to the Birdcage, anything seemed better than that.

Dragon

Tattletale was smart, and she'd found a way to temporarily cut off the prisons system from the outside world, blinding her as she lost access to their systems and cctv.

But she wasn't perfect, and it had taken her only a minute to get back in, reluctantly impressed at how quickly Tattletale and the Undersiders had acted.

Watching Canary leave her cell, running behind Tattletale she paused.

She had no choice but to alert the PRT about this break out, but as she watched Canary reluctantly mount a giant transformed hound, she hesitated.

She had no desire to send Paige to the Birdcage, it wasn't a place for a girl like her, and while she was duty bound to alert them, literally unable to do otherwise thanks to her coding, she could delay it.

Paige would end up in the hands of Midas, and under the protection of the League of Villains. That… could end poorly for the heroes, Paige's power had terrible potential, and in the hands of a villain like Midas it could be truly devastating.

Mentally, she was already developing countermeasures for Canary's power, planning on arranging for Brockton Bay's M/S protocols to be upgraded, and assigning a subroutine to monitor the city that seemed to be the center of so much lately.

She wouldn't sentence an innocent girl to a life in a literal hell just because of what she could do, that was a dangerous path and one that she wouldn't walk, instead she'd just prepare to mitigate the damage her decision could cause.

By the time she finally sent the message, she knew it was too late and when she heard that they'd lost her trail she gave a secret smile.

She also raised Midas's priority level, increasing her monitoring of his actions. Just to be safe.

If Paige showed signs of distress under him, she'd go deal with him herself, she didn't want Paige to swap from one prison to another.

■

Welcome to the Parahumans Online message boards.
You are currently logged in, All-Seeing Eye
You are viewing:
Threads you have replied to
AND Threads that have new replies
OR private message conversations with new replies
Thread OP is displayed.
Ten posts per page
Last ten messages in private message history.
Threads and private messages are ordered chronologically.

■

♦ Topic: Canary's Flight
In: Boards ► Places ► America ► New York

Posted On Mar 18th 2011:
The title says it all, Canary has escaped.

Or to be more precise, she was busted out of the holding facility they were keeping her at by the Undersiders of all people, and since there are rumours that the Undersiders work for King Midas then it's likely Canary was freed on his orders.

My sources tell me that the Undersiders managed to cut the facility off from the outside world, preventing them from calling for reinforcements, and while they were disconnected, stormed the place and freed Canary, who left with them willingly.

There weren't any casualties though some people were pretty badly injured by the werewolf figure that's been seen around Brockton Bay (rumoured to be Hellhound herself)

Dragon got the system back online, but by the time she worked out what was happening they'd already fled and headed into the woods around the facility, and all attempts to track them failed due to false leads left by Hellhounds dogs.

We have some security footage recovered from the facility, or gathered from traffic cameras, but it's all pretty bad quality.

Werewolf (Hellhound?) takes on the guards
[vid1] [vid2] [pic1] [pic2] [pic3]

Canary leaves the facility with Tattletale on dogback
[vid3]

Puppeteer in disguise takes control of a guard, gaining access to the security room
[vid4]

(Showing page 1 of 18)

►Bruce Lao
Replied On Mar 18th 2011:
Because just having van sized monster hounds wasn't enough, now the Undersiders have a giant werewolf as well.

She looks like she's at least eight feet tall, maybe more, and her claws tore through that security door like it was made of wet tissue paper.

It's definitely Hellhound/Bitch, it's no coincidence that she hasn't been seen since the Werewolf showed up.

So Midas is a power modifier confirmed?


Also, good. Canary's entire trial was bullshit and anyone paying attention can see that, this entire situation smelt worse than those guards' trousers after Werewolf Hellhound showed up and clawed her way through a metal door.


►WagTheDog
Replied On Mar 18th 2011:
Werewolf Bitch is kinda sexy

►Forgotten Creator
Replied On Mar 18th 2011:
…wat?

She's nine foot tall, covered in fur and has claws that can rend metal, and you think she's sexy?

►WagTheDog
Replied On Mar 18th 2011:
I know what I said.


►Chrome
Replied On Mar 18th 2011:
As much as I think Canary didn't deserve the Birdcage, Midas with a master sounds like a bad combination.

He's a self proclaimed villain, leader of a gang and the founder of the group called the League of Villains. He's not exactly hiding that he's a bad guy.

►Ekul
Replied On Mar 18th 2011:
A bad guy who's improved his city more in a month than the PRT has in years.

►Answer Key
Replied On Mar 18th 2011:
Can we not get into another argument about whether Midas is good or bad again, please?

La Brava will start ranting again and nobody wants that.

►La Brava (Verified Midas Fangirl)
Replied On Mar 18th 2011:

:)

Canary makes good music, and she doesn't deserve to be punished so much for a honest mistake.

I don't need to tell you all my opinion on King Midas, I think it's pretty obvious at this point.

►TheGoldenKing (Verified Cape) (Verified League of Villains Member)
Replied On Mar 18th 2011:
Oh, I'm absolutely bad.

It just happens that a little bad can do a lot of good if done properly.

Don't worry, I plan to upgrade Canary with an off switch so she can sing without accidentally mastering anyone. What can I say, I'm a fan.

Honestly, comparing a singer with the Simurgh is utterly ridiculous, the PRT should be ashamed. This is why so many people prefer to remain independent.

End of Page 1.

(Showing page 2 of 18)

►Bitch (Verified Cape)
Replied On Mar 18th 2011:
Werewolf is me. Midas gave me a new power.

It's fun.


Also, not Hellhound.

►WagTheDog
Replied On Mar 18th 2011:
@Bitch are you seeing anyone?

►Bitch (Verified Cape)
Replied On Mar 18th 2011:
Don't care about people, got dogs


►WagTheDog
Replied On Mar 18th 2011:
Wait… do you think she and her dogs…

Moderator Edit: Completely off topic, and none of your business anyway.

►All-Seeing Eye
Replied On Mar 18th 2011:
She doesn't, not that it will stop the fanfics and pics (there's seventeen of Bitch and her dogs btw)

Besides, Bitch isn't interested in relationships like normal people, she has a very animalistic mindset, so to 'date' her you'd have to be her Alpha, so you'd have to beat her current Alpha, King Midas.

Good luck.

►TheGoldenKing (Verified Cape) (Verified League of Villains Member)
Replied On Mar 18th 2011:
You are welcome to try, I suppose.


■

Sophia Hess

Sitting in the back of the prison van, she stewed in her rage, feeling betrayed that they'd support that fucing weakling Hebert over her, when she'd done so much for the PRT.

She wanted to put a bolt through Piggy's eyes, but with her arms bound in tinkertech cuffs, that wasn't going to happen any time soon.

She was bound for Juvie, allegedly on 'drug related charges', the fuckers were making her out to be a junkie to hide the fact that they were locking up one of their wards.

'Shadow Stalker' would be transferred to another city, and retire soon after, while she rotted away in Juvie.

They even had the gall to tell her that she could shorten her sentence by taking part in Endbringer attacks, they didn't want her but they sure as fuck still wanted her powers.

She wanted to make them all pay, but bound in Tinkertech she didn't see that happening anytime soon.

As the van she was in came to a sudden halt, making her bang into the side as she was thrown around, she paused.

She could hear fighting outside, and as the van slowly turned to gold, she grinned despite herself.

A harsh screeching sound drew her attention to the back of the van, where one of the doors was being violently pried away, large grey clawed hands ripping away at the metal as the door was tossed aside.

"It's your lucky day, brat." the reptilian man growled, tossing her a black mask which she caught and quickly put on her face as he snapped the chains keeping her seated, just leaving the tinker tech bracket that stopped her from using her power as she followed him out of the van, a prison jumpsuit and a blank black mask covering her as she looked around.

"Ahh, there you are." Midas said easily, walking up to her and placing his gloved hand on her bracelet, turning it to gold as she quickly switched forms and watched the bracelet drop to the floor.

Switching back, she grinned fiercely as she stretched, free from her bonds.

"What's this gonna cost me?" Sophia asked quickly, knowing that nothing was free, especially when she already owed Midas for hiding her weapons.

"We can save this for later, you have three choices before you. You can run, in which case the PRT will quickly recapture you. You can stay here and submit to your… punishment, I'm sure the PRT would mount a little golden star on your record for being so compliant." Midas joked, making her scoff.

"Or I can come with you, and join your gang." Sophia finished, making him smile. Something about him didn't seem quite right, his smile seemed ever so slightly different than before but she had no idea why.

"And the PRT won't be able to touch you, as long as you remain in my territory and under my protection." Midas agreed, making her turn and glance towards where Assault and Battery were.

Assault's outfit was damaged, claw marks cutting into it as Cheetah hissed at him from the villain's side, and Battery seemed injured as well, a pink haired, grey skinned girl in goth clothes grinning at them with pink energy glowing around her hands.

That was the one she couldn't identify, but the PRT guys said she was called Jinx or something?

There were other capes around as well, Dusty Ash was controlling a large dust storm and blinding the PRT guards, thick clouds of dust circling around their eyes, White Rabbit was sitting on the van itself, grinning down at them. Killer Croc was growling towards the heroes and a man in a hooded costume with a gas mask covered by a scarecrow mask was staring them down intimidatingly, gas canisters attached to his waist with tubes filled with orange gas wrapped around his body.

"Shadow Stalker, don't do this." Battery said, panting slightly as she clutched her side.

"And go spend the rest of my days in jail? Yeah, I don't think so." Sophia scoffed, turning to Midas and giving him a nod.

He'd probably be a better boss than Piggy, and she couldn't deny that being an enforcer for a gang lord was probably more suited for her anyway.

She'd just uphold the law in his territory, which would probably be half of Brockton Bay soon, and she'd probably see a lot more action as well.

"Cheetah, take Shadow Stalker to the League headquarters. I'll join you both soon." Midas said, giving her a nod and a smile. "No hard feelings, you two? I respect your talents, even if I think you're fighting a losing battle. You can't fix anything wrapped in so much red tape, but you have my respect for trying regardless. Send my regards to your boss, but I think it's time for you all to leave." Midas said bluntly, the villain's backing him up as Assault and Battery glanced at each other.

She could see them listening to their ear pieces, orders coming through, and nodding they both backed away, unwilling to take the fight with the larger group, especially with the possibility that more League members were waiting in the wings.

Typical PRT cowardice.

Not that she had to care anymore.

The fact that this was going to cause Piggy and the PRT a load of shit made her grin under her mask, and getting into the armoured car with the cat-woman she watched out of the window as the heroes were made to just sit back and watch her escape.

Emma Barnes

■

Welcome to the Parahumans Online message boards.
You are currently logged in, RedQueen
You are viewing:
Threads you have replied to
AND Threads that have new replies
OR private message conversations with new replies
Thread OP is displayed.
Twenty posts per page
Last ten messages in private message history.
Threads and private messages are ordered chronologically.

■

♦ Topic: Shadow Stalker has turned villain?!?
In: Boards ► Places ► America ► Brockton Bay
Sothoth (Original Poster)
Posted On Mar 18th 2011:
So, I'm not the only one who is confused as fuck right?

Midas and a bunch of villains attacking a prison transport leaving the Rig was surprising, but not really unexpected. The fact that they'd were confident enough to do it in the middle of the day was unexpected but when I saw the videos I thought it'd be a villain who came out of the back.

Then a teenage girl in a prison jumpsuit came out, and the moment Midas turned whatever was around her wrist to gold, she turned into a very familiar living shadow and escaped it.

Why was Shadow Stalker in a prison transport? Why did she leave with the villains? Where did Midas even get so many villains?

(Showing page 1 of 37)

►Thatdude
Replied On Mar 18th 2011:
Oof, the PRT are not gonna like this.

All the shit that's gone on lately and now a Ward has turned villain?

I liked Shadow Stalker better when she was a independent Vigilante anyway, she actually did things then, instead of just patrolling the Boardwalk and other safer parts of the city.

►Aloha
Replied On Mar 18th 2011:
She also shot people with real crossbow bolts, I know the PRT have claimed that she never killed anyone before she joined the Wards but really?

A teenager running around skewering people with crossbow bolts and not one of them died?

She was brutal, and she was arrested which is why she had to join the wards, and now she's probably working for Midas who has set a precedent for brutally punishing criminals in his territory.

I think anyone causing trouble in Midas's territory should watch out for a crossbow bolt to the back.


►Roulette (Verified Cape) (Verified League of Villains Member )
Replied On Mar 18th 2011:
I can answer one of those, where Midas got so many villains.

White Rabbit and Scarecrow are a part of the Golden Syndicate, working directly for King Midas.

Killer Croc, Dusty Ash, Cheetah and Jinx are all members of the newly formed League of Villains, and were likely hired to provide support for the breakout.

I should know, I'm one of the founding members after all.

I'm sure King Midas will make a proper announcement later on, but it's no secret that we exist, we aren't exactly hiding after all.

►Ekul
Replied On Mar 18th 2011:
Okay, I actually work in one of the buildings and I saw something nobody seems to have.

[img1] [img2]

Who are these two and why were they just watching the fight?

►Valkyr (Wiki Warrior)
Replied On Mar 18th 2011:
Star Sapphire and Blackfire, both very powerful and extremely dangerous.

Blackfire has a very high body count and allegedly threw down with Lung himself, better yet she walked away unscathed.

Star Sapphire is best known for killing Green Lantern, if she wasn't so good at fighting Endbringers she'd probably have been birdcaged already. She's kept to herself since killing GL, only coming out of hiding to join Endbringer fights.


►Acree
Replied On Mar 18th 2011:
I'm guessing Midas made arrangements for them to join the fight if the PRT decided to try and fight the villains

A bit overkill but when you have the resources why not I guess?

Plus it sets a precedent that he'll always have more villains than you can see, and make other groups less likely to be willing to fight him in case some stupidly powerful villain is waiting in the wings.


►Bagrat (Veteran Member) (The Guy in the Know)
Replied On Mar 18th 2011:
Okay, my sources have been extremely tight-lipped about this but I've managed to gather a bit about what the hell is going on.

So, Shadow Stalker was on probation already for what she did before she joined the Wards, it's not really a secret but it's not something the PRT liked to spread around.

Then she broke that probation to spy on Midas, got captured alongside the ex-Ward, now independent hero Huntress (who is quite probably still in Midas's hands), and Midas let her go a day later, then something happened after she was handed back to the PRT but I'm not 100% sure what.

People are saying it's connected to Shadow Stalker's civilian identity, which is why it's so hush hush but it was bad enough that they had to arrest her and were planning on sending her to Juvie (which was her other option if she didn't agree to become a ward)

Also, it sounds like it happened weeks ago, and it's just coming back to bite her now, which ruins my theory that Midas mastered her while he had her captive

They were probably going to cover it up, 'transfer' Shadow Stalker to another city then have her retire while she serves her sentence.

Then Midas hits the transport, it becomes public knowledge and now the PRT are running around like headless chickens because we've had Wards die, we've had Wards retire… but have we ever had a Ward turn villain?


Not to mention, Shadow Stalker has been the PRT's poster girl for how independent vigilantes can flourish in the PRT, and now it turns out she's not been flourishing at all.

►ShadowStalker (Wards ENE) (Verified Cape)
Replied On Mar 18th 2011:
Yeah, now that I don't have Piggy hovering over me getting pissy at everything I say or do that isn't PG, lemme go on record and say fuck the PRT.

If you're an independent hero and they try and get you to join, just fuckinh run. It ain't worth it.

They forced me to become a Ward, it was that or Juvie after some skinhead fuck I shot bled out. Like the city is gonna mourn some nazi fucker.

Oh, and now that I don't have the PRT controlling my image, take a close look at my hands in the video.

See that black skin? Yeah, that's right Nazis, you've been getting your ass kicked by a little black girl. Master race my ass.

I'm sat in a fancy ass hotel room now, can't say I ever wanted to go villain but Midas does more good for the city than the PRT ever did anyway.

If actually getting to fight villains again means I have to wear a gold mask, fuck it I'm down.

I just kinda wish this had happened before he finished off the Merchants, wouldn't have minded introducing Skidmark to one of my bolts.

Oh and someone get that stupid tag off my name.


End of Page. 1, 2, 3 ... 35, 36, 37

■
Staring at her phone, she frowned as she read through the many, many posts in this thread. Sophia had a lot of issues with the PRT, and now that she wasn't a part of them she had no trouble airing them all as she insulted Piggot, Armsmaster, and pretty much everyone else.

She knew a lot of these of course, but now Sophia was throwing it out in the open for the whole world to see.

As her phone vibrated she read the message and her eyes shot open.

'Hebert is a cape, triggered in the locker, joining the Wards, that's why they wanted 2 lock me up. Warn your dad, you and Madz will probs need a lawyer.' Delete this message immediately don't reply'

Following the order, she deleted the message with wide eyes.

Taylor triggered? Over a fucking prank?

She went through literal hell without triggering and Taylor got superpowers from being locked into a dirty locker for a bit?

That was complete bullshit, and she wasn't going down because the wimp managed to somehow get powers, she'd lawyer up and her dad would make prosecuting her and Madison way too much effort.

As she laid in bed, she frowned to herself at the unfairness of it all, she should be the cape, not Taylor.

The more she read of the thread, the more an idea burrowed into her mind.

Midas could upgrade powers, but could he grant them?

Could she become a villain alongside Sophia, instead of just being her confidant?

She'd look sexy in a gold outfit, and even if she'd dreamed of being a hero like Sophia, if Sophia was going villain then she'd want to as well.

Grabbing a pad, she idly sketched a few ideas for what she'd wear as a villain, red and gold was a traditional cape choice, but it was usually worn by heroes.

But then, Midas was going for a benevolent villain thing, so maybe having a sexy redhead under his command.

Hell, maybe she'd take Mads with her so she could have a sidekick.

Her, Sophia and Madison taking the fight to the ABB scum, driving them out of the city.

Giggling to herself, she went back to reading PHO, raising an eyebrow as she spotted the thread by Glory Girl.

As a model herself, she was highly curious to see just how good Glory Girl looked on camera, and the set was affordable, but it was also for charity which was probably why it wasn't the exorbitant price Glory Girl could absolutely charge.

Buying it herself, she looked over the softcore pics with an approving nod. Glory Girl was obviously inexperienced at modeling (though Laserdream seemed very at home on camera), but they had an amazing photographer, good setting as well.

She didn't do many lingerie shoots herself, not out of shyness, half the guys in Winslow probably jerked off to pictures of her, the other half were just too illiterate to find them, but because her dad didn't like it.

He liked to think she was his innocent little girl, who hadn't even held hands with a boy, and having her pose for the camera in just a pair of sexy underwear didn't fit his mental image.

As if she was innocent, the ABB saw to that and her parents didn't even notice that anything had happened, her mother had been convinced she was depressed because Taylor was away.

Because apparently they thought she was that weak that her friend going away for a bit would be enough for her to become depressed and spend most of her time locked in her room.

Idiots.

She hadn't ever heard of the All Seeing Eye modelling agency before, but comments were saying it was owned by Prophet, a new cape.

A cape modeling agency? Huh, that was new.

Alexis Kaye (Punchline)

Looking up from her pc, she blinked in surprise as Harley walked in.

"Harley, what the fuck is that?" Alexis asked, looking over Harley's latest outfit.

The red and black skintight suit worked fine, but Harley had the attention span of one of her hyenas on a sugar high, and she was trying to find something new.

"My new outfit, what'dya think?" Harley asked, doing a little spin on the spot as she stared at her blankly.

"…that's not even remotely a villain outfit. You don't have a mask, and in what world is a ripped t-shirt and a pair of tiny jean shorts a costume? You don't look like a villain, you look like a slightly clown themed rave-slut who's spent the last week on a diet of cocaine and cum." Alexis scoffed, making Harley shrug unconcernedly.

"I mean, Harley Quinn and Harleen Quinzel aren't exactly that different, the PRT are pretty dumb but when one of theirpsychiatrists disappeared only for a new villain with a slightly changed name to show up the next day even they can put two and two together." Harley said unconcernedly. "Besides, if I tried and lived as a civilian, where would I keep my Hyenas?"

"Please change back to your old outfit, we have a bad enough rep without you dressing like a hooker. 'Daddy's little monster?', really?" Alexis sighed, she was almost certain Harley was just fucking with her which was why she wasn't more worried about her actually going out like that.

Their team was a mess, they had no defined leader since she wouldn't take orders from Harley, Harley wouldn't take orders from her and neither of them liked Circus. Plus, with the Joker himself in the Birdcage, they probably weren't going to actually get a leader anytime soon.

Which was probably why she felt exactly zero guilt betraying them, even if there was a slight thrill at the danger since if she got caught she'd be in more trouble than just dealing with Circus and Harley.

But Prophet was offering a large amount of money to play informant on the League, and she wasn't as committed to the whole villain thing anyway, with the Joker gone it just didn't feel worth it.

Harley was convinced he'd be back any day now, but you don't escape the Birdcage and she was a realist, even if he did escape they'd just sign a kill order on him.

Punchline: Didn't know about the attack on the prison transport, sorry.
Prophet: It's fine, Midas understands operational security after all, I don't expect you to know everything and if you show too much interest you'll arouse suspicion. Any progress?
Punchline: I checked their phones, Circus is reporting on the League to someone else, never used names. Harley isn't talking to anyone but herself.
Prophet: I'm fairly certain I already know who Circus is reporting to. Keep your head down for now, I'd rather you occasionally give me a small piece of information and stay safe than have you risk yourself for the chance at gaining a bigger piece of intel.
Punchline: Got it, Harley draws most of the attention anyway so it's easy for me to go unnoticed, even dressed in purple and green.
Prophet: Stay safe, and good luck. Your payment has already been transferred to your account.

She did like how prompt he was when it came to paying her.

The risk was worth it, and if all went well she'd have enough to comfortably retire and ditch the country for somewhere she could live without the Joker's reputation following her.

The Joker had committed countless atrocities, and made sure they were all publicly known. She didn't care that he was a monster, she cared that she was stuck in a gang using his name and didn't have an easy way out.

She was one of the Joker's sidekicks, and while he was the mastermind it didn't change the fact that she'd been the one to set up the giant vats of acid, and kidnap civilians to force heroes to play his games, and with the Joker gone she was stuck bearing the brunt of the anger from people he hurt.

Things were easier when she was just a Joker fangirl in college, she didn't need to worry about all the consequences of villainy, it seemed so much nicer from the outside.

But then when you trigger as a poison tinker, you can't really become a hero.

She just needed to keep safe and she was on easy street, a nice quick path to a comfortable life with a lot of money.

Getting a ping on her phone, she read Harley's message before pausing and opening up PHO.

■

Welcome to the Parahumans Online message boards.
You are currently logged in, WaitforthePunchline
You are viewing:
Threads you have replied to
AND Threads that have new replies
OR private message conversations with new replies
Thread OP is displayed.
Twenty five posts per page
Last ten messages in private message history.
Threads and private messages are ordered chronologically.

■

♦ Topic: The League of Villains
In: Boards ► General ► Announcements
TheGoldenKing (Original Poster) (Verified Cape) (Verified League of Villains Member)
Posted On Mar 19th 2011:
Those of you paying attention to the ever growing Cape hotspot of Brockton Bay probably already suspect what I'm here to confirm.

For those that don't know, I am King Midas, leader of the Golden Syndicate, a criminal organisation in Brockton Bay, and the founder of the newly created League of Villains.

I founded the League because it's a universal truth that being an Independent cape is hard, it doesn't matter if you're a Hero, a Villain or a Rogue, the chances are some organisation is going to try and strong arm you into joining them.

Originally I just planned to form an alliance between independent villains in Brockton, but I've always been an ambitious one and after I defeated the Merchants and acquired a considerable amount of territory I realised I could do so much better.

So I built the Oriental Hotel, and founded the League of Villains using the hotel as its headquarters.

After a considerable amount of discussion with the fine moderators of this place, they agreed to let me post this and give members a tag. Personally I think the PRT just want to know who is a part of the League

The League started as a way for villains to stay safe and not be forced into larger organisations but it's quickly grown beyond that, offering a considerable amount of services for Villain's and Rogues who need them, and our services are open to all, though if you aren't a member you will be charged considerably more of course.

While there is only a single Oriental at the moment, located in my territory in Brockton, plans are already in place to build more around the world, two of which are already under construction.

Guild Services currently available:

Neutral meeting grounds - The Oriental is equipped with several highly protected conference rooms, and our assurance that any meeting held on League grounds will be confidential and safe.

Safe Haven - For those among us who are wanted men and women, and let's be honest that's most of us, the League can provide a place to hide, and for the right price we can relocate you (and your family) far from your troubles

Tinkertech - Thanks to an arrangement with Toybox, their services can be commissioned through the League, and I myself have three Tinkers in my organisation. Any Tinkers who want to sell their goods through us are welcome to message either myself or Roulette, you'll be protected and well supplied as we are well aware of how dangerous being a Tinker without support is. Though to be clear, Toybox are not members of the League and wish to remain separate, we are simply acting as the middlemen between them and villains so they don't have to risk meeting villains themselves.

Healing - For those paying attention to Brockton Bay, you've already heard of my healing Tinkertech that I used to cure the addictions and STDs of the many, many junkies and prostitutes the Merchants left behind. It can heal just about anything short of death, and if it can't heal whatever you are afflicted with then you won't be charged.

Contracting - For Capes in need of money, the League has jobs for you, ranging from smuggling and thievery to playing bodyguard and many, many more. We have jobs of all kinds, and will tailor the job to your particular skills. People who wish to hire a cape without needing to approach a villain are invited to send the details to the League and we will ensure the right cape is picked for the job.

On the other side, we can provide assistance for Villains who have jobs already but lack the support to complete it, including Intel, unpowered minions and cape support.

Fencing - For the thieves among us, the League will happily buy your hard-stolen goods from you, and we will be holding auctions to ensure you get the best possible price for your goods.

Lawyers - The League already has several talented lawyers on its payroll, and if the worst should happen and you find yourself in need of legal defence (and don't want to put your fate in the hands of a PRT appointed lawyer), contact us. Even if you can't get access to your finances, we can come to an agreement.

Power Modification - Yes, I know the rumours have been spreading far and fast, so allow me to confirm them. I am a Trump who can modify other peoples powers to an extent. What I can do varies between capes, as it uses your power as the baseline. Prices vary based on the modification you want. I've already given Cheetah the ability to return to a human form, Bitch the ability to turn into a werewolf and Dusty Ash the ability to telepathically control her ash.

We have many other services planned, but we still have work to do before they are ready, so I'll keep those to myself for now.

For any organisations out there, know that trying to force any of our members into your organisation will end poorly for you.

Is any of this legal? Absolutely not, but then… It's called the League of Villains for a reason.

(Showing page 1 of 472)

►Miss Mercury (Protectorate Employee)
Replied On Mar 19th 2011:
Oh shit.

►Deathstroke (Verified League of Villains Member) (Verified Cape)
Replied On Mar 19th 2011:
As the man said, anyone wanting to hire me can do so through the League, since I am well aware I can be rather hard to track down at times.

►Roulette (Verified Cape) (Verified League of Villains Member)
Replied On Mar 19th 2011:
As Midas said, we have a lot more services coming soon, and as a specialist in making money, I can promise you that we can make anyone very, very, rich.

►Bagrat (Veteran Member) (The Guy in the Know)
Replied On Mar 19th 2011:
All things considered, Midas is right about one thing

Very few independent capes manage to actually remain independent for very long, no matter whether they are hero, villain or neither.

►TheGentleman (Verified Cape)
Replied On Mar 19th 2011:
Interesting, the Elite formed for a similar reason, perhaps we can come to an agreement for one of your hotels to be built in New Vegas, I see no reason the League and the Elite can't cooperate to ensure we both flourish, as long as the League doesn't attempt to take territory belonging to us.

►TheGoldenKing (Original Poster) (Verified Cape) (Verified League of Villains Member)
Replied On Mar 19th 2011:
The League doesn't hold territory, I have territory as the leader of the Golden Syndicate, and I'm using that to keep the League safe while we set up but as an organisation the League has no interest in taking territory.

►TheGentleman (Verified Cape)
Replied On Mar 19th 2011:
Excellent, then I believe I see a long and fruitful relationship ahead of us.

If your healing tech is as good as you say, I know several Elite members who would be interested in your services.

I'll have to arrange a meeting with the other leaders, it seems we have much to discuss.

►Accord (Verified Cape)
Replied On Mar 19th 2011:
As I have said before, any attempt to take territory in Boston will be brutally resisted.

That said, in exchange for a power modification I have come to an agreement with King Midas and a branch of the Oriental is under construction in my territory.

►Feychick
Replied On Mar 19th 2011:
I get that you're a villain, but if you have healing tech that good then shouldn't you share it? You could save millions of lives, even if you charge a fortune for it you'd be doing a lot of good.


►TheGoldenKing (Original Poster) (Verified Cape) (Verified League of Villains Member)
Replied On Mar 19th 2011:
Unfortunately things aren't that simple my dear, I've offered a single healing pod to Brockton Bay's General Hospital, but there is so much red tape involved that it could take years before they can accept.

If it was just testing the pod, it wouldn't be so difficult, but between the PRTs suspicion and Medhall's desperate attempts to stop me from cutting into their profits there are many, many people trying to stop it from happening.

I'm more than willing to offer my pods for use during Endbringer attacks and I'm currently working on a more portable version

►Dragon (Verified Cape) (The Guild)
Replied On Mar 19th 2011:
Portable, reproducible healing tech would be a massive help in Endbringer battles.

If you are willing to send a sample, I might be able to speed things up considerably.

Don't worry, even if I can work out how to mass produce it, I won't steal your patent.

Villain or not, Tinkers shouldn't backstab each other like that.

►RevUpYour Harley (Verified League of Villains Member) (Verified Cape)
Replied On Mar 19th 2011:
Woo! Go League

Hey, Mr M. I wanted to ask for a power up but the other two dragged me away saying something about not causing trouble with so many villains around

So what's a girl gotta do to get a power up? I wanna be able to do the whole Bitch thing with my hyenas

►Valkyr (Wiki Warrior)
Replied On Mar 19th 2011:
God this is going to make keeping the wiki accurate hellish

Also, what even is Harley's power?

►RevUpYour Harley (Verified League of Villains Member)(Verified Cape)
Replied On Mar 19th 2011:
Who knows? It's a mystery

►TheGoldenKing (Original Poster) (Verified Cape) (Verified League of Villains Member)
Replied On Mar 19th 2011:
We should talk about this in person, when we are both free

►GetJinxed (Verified Cape) (Verified League of Villains Member)
Replied On Mar 19th 2011:
Huh, two verified tags in one day

Guess I'm moving up in the world lol

►Deimos
Replied On Mar 19th 2011:
Aren't you the girl who blasted Battery with that energy bolt before she tripped over her own feet?

►GetJinxed (Verified Cape) (Verified League of Villains Member)
Replied On Mar 19th 2011:
Yup!

It's a bad luck blast, hence the name

►Skidmark (Verified Cape) (Banned)
Replied On Mar 19th 2011:
Message Deleted by Moderator

►TheGoldenKing (Original Poster) (Verified Cape) (Verified League of Villains Member)
Replied On Mar 19th 2011:
Rude.

End of Page. 1, 2, 3 ... 470, 471, 472

■

…she was fucked if she got caught spying on them, wasn't she?

No, it'd be fine. It'll all work out well and she'd get out of this rich and happy.

Jin

I'll give it a week before I approach Punchline as Midas and use her betrayal to blackmail her into submission.

If she was dumb enough to accept money to spy on me, she has it coming. She doesn't know it was me who made the offer, so if she'd accept money from Prophet she'd accept it from anyone

Bonus Scene - Dragon

■

Welcome to the Parahumans Online message boards.
You are currently logged in, GstringGirl
You are viewing:
Threads you have replied to
AND Threads that have new replies
OR private message conversations with new replies
Thread OP is displayed.
Twenty five posts per page
Last ten messages in private message history.
Threads and private messages are ordered chronologically.

■

♦ Topic: Power Modification Speculation
In: Boards ► Powers
Valkyr (Original Poster) (Wiki Warrior)
Posted On Mar 18th 2011:
So, it's confirmed now that Midas is a power modifier, and he claims what he can do with a power varies between different capes

Hellhound's power is based around dogs (or canines I'm guessing), and he gave her the ability to turn into a humanoid wolf

Dusty Ash simply got the power to control her own ash, and Cheetah got an off switch

Which is massive, because Dusty was a bit of a joke cape, without the power to control her dust she couldn't really do much other than be a portable smoke grenade, and Cheetah is a Case 53

If he can allow Cheetah to return to her human form, could he do it for others?


Also, there's rumours that Prophet (confirmed as Midas's twin brother) has the same power, which has been even further confirmed by Glory Girl suddenly becoming a Blaster and Laserdream's forcefields' becoming stronger (she took a direct hit from Fenja recently and while it broke the forcefield it did deflect the attack, where before it would have gone clean through it)

So I wanted to make this thread to discuss what modifications he/they could make to other capes powers

The biggest one I could think of was giving Eidolon another power slot, it stays in the 'theme' of his power while also being a massive increase to the potential of an already amazingly powerful hero

(Showing page 1 of 104)

►ArchmageEin
Replied On Mar 18th 2011:
Could he give Mount Lady the ability to shrink? It's not the same power but it follows a similar ruleset, and while it wouldn't be as useful depending on how small she could go it could be useful for infiltration, fitting into places not meant for humans

►Lasersmile
Replied On Mar 18th 2011:
Could he remove the manton limit on powers? If so then there are countless capes that are a single upgrade away from being truly terrifying

There's also the fact that hundreds of capes would give their first born for an off switch, like he gave Cheetah

►Weld (Verified Cape) (Wards Boston)
Replied On Mar 18th 2011:
They aren't wrong, if Midas and Prophet can truly give Case 53's a way to turn back to a normal human form…

Well, I got off easy as far as Case 53's go and I'd do a lot to be able to taste, to have my sense of touch since metal skin isn't exactly good for that.

►All-Seeing Eye
Replied On Mar 18th 2011:
A big one is that he could do something about Thinker headaches, letting Thinkers use their powers more without getting a head splitting headache.

►AlienQueenie
Replied On Mar 18th 2011:
I wonder if he could let me look human, I mean pink skin and black eyes isn't really a problem and I do look damn good but it'd be nice to be able to go shopping again

►Vista (Verified Cape) (Wards ENE)
Replied On Mar 18th 2011:
It'd be great if Clockblocker could actually unfreeze things, you have no idea how long we have wasted sitting around waiting for some mugger he froze to unfreeze.

I'd like to be able to affect space that has people inside it (not the person themselves, just be able to move them around by warping the space around them)

Maybe give Miss Militia the ability to dual-wield?

Just speculating, I have no interest in going to a villain for power ups, though maybe Prophet?

►PopStep (Verified Cape)
Replied On Mar 18th 2011:
I think Leet would actually sell his soul for the ability to fix his things

And after my microphone blew up in my face I might just sell my soul for it as well


I don't even know what he could do with my power, it's not like super jumps are particularly useful

►GstringGirl
Replied On Mar 18th 2011:
Okay, this is a long shot but I have to take it

My power turned my body into a mass of tendrils that I can't control, nobody can even get close to me because there's a very high chance that I'll just kill them without meaning to and I've been living in a Parahuman Asylum to stop myself from killing anyone I encounter

If Midas, or Prophet, can fix me I'd do just about anything they wanted of me

►Vortrex
Replied On Mar 18th 2011:
Maybe give *redacted* the ability to mark more things, or teleport over further distances?

Edited by moderator: Do not speak her name

►TheGoldenKing (Verified Cape) (Verified League of Villains Member )
Replied On Mar 18th 2011:
@GstringGirl

Check your pms

►TheOracleofBrocktonBay (Verified Cape)
Replied On Mar 18th 2011:
GstringGirl

Check your pms

Ninja'd, by the asshole himself

►TheGoldenKing (Verified Cape) (Verified League of Villains Member )
Replied On Mar 18th 2011:
You always were too slow

►Myrddin (Verified Cape) (Moderator: Protectorate Main)
Replied On Mar 18th 2011:
@Vortrex Don't mention her!

I'm pretty sure she searches her own name and we don't need her able to travel further, the world doesn't need her to be able to get around faster


►The Protector of Rodents (Verified Cape)
Replied On Mar 18th 2011:
Oho!



►Myrddin (Verified Cape) (Moderator: Protectorate Main)
Replied On Mar 18th 2011:
Fuck.

►Aloha
Replied On Mar 18th 2011:
Making it so Velocity could affect things in his breaker form would make him a force to be reckoned with

Did someone say super-speed punches?


►XxVoid_CowboyxX
Replied On Mar 18th 2011:
Can he give people powers? I'd make a great hero/villain

►Feychick
Replied On Mar 18th 2011:
Void, I know where you live after you decided to try hitting on me (seriously don't send selfies and personal information to Internet strangers moron)

If you get powers I will do the world a service and go to your house and shoot you, I'll go to jail if it saves the world from a super-powered you.

►XxVoid_CowboyxX
Replied On Mar 18th 2011:
:(

►Newter (Verified Cape)
Replied On Mar 18th 2011:
The ability to turn my hallucinogenic sweat off would be nice

I mean, really fucking nice

It's kinda hard to date when anyone I touch goes on a trip to lala land, and I don't wanna die a virgin (or go the Somnus path, hope the creep is enjoying the Birdcage)

Gregor would probably like to look normal as well

And Labyrinth could really use some extra control

Also Brockton Bay got weird while we were away, I don't know whether I'm excited to get back or I'd rather stay away

But hey, at least I won't have Merchants attacking me to get a hit anymore


►Eidolon (Verified Cape)
Replied On Mar 18th 2011:
A power upgrader? Why am I only hearing about this now?

►Endeavour (Verified Cape)
Replied On Mar 18th 2011:
Indeed, surely we should have been informed about this already.

►winged_one
Replied On Mar 18th 2011:
Truly, I wonder why nobody would tell you two?

Oh wait.

►ScaryHatLady (Moderator)
Replied On Mar 18th 2011:
@TheGoldenKing

What are your prices? I assure you, I can get you quite literally anything if you can remove a blind spot from my power

Wealth, women, your own kingdom?

…Alexandria tied to your bed?

End of Page. 1, 2, 3 ... 102, 103, 104

(Showing page 2 of 104)

►TheGoldenKing (Verified Cape) (Verified League of Villains Member)
Replied On Mar 18th 2011:
I believe I already have all three of those, but more is always good

►Tin Mother (Moderator)
Replied On Mar 18th 2011:
Wait, who are you and how did you become a moderator?

►ScaryHatLady (Moderator)
Replied On Mar 18th 2011:
Step 17: Hack Dragon's systems

It took me three minutes

►Dragon (Verified Cape) (The Guild)
Replied On Mar 18th 2011:
Oh, you are a sneaky one

I can't believe I missed that back door, but I'm afraid I can't allow that

►ScaryHatLady
Replied On Mar 18th 2011:
I got what I needed.

End of Page. 1, 2, 3, 4 ... 102, 103, 104

Going over her systems carefully, her digital face gave a massive frown as she found the back door 'ScaryHatLady' had used to get access to her systems, breathing a sigh of relief as she realised that she'd only used the back door twice, once to give herself moderator as ridiculous as it seemed.

Her relief didn't last long as she realised what she'd done with the second change, the mystery cape had removed a single rule from her programming, a blind spot she had no idea she had.

It made her ignore the existence of something named 'Ascalon', and after less than a second her frown turned into a furious scowl as she followed the back door, right back to Saint.

It took her a second to take Ascalon from the villain, and a second more to retake control of her stolen tech he had in his base.

Geoffrey Pellick (Saint)

…why are the suits moving?

Why had all his computers just turned off?

"Hello, Saint." Dragon said over the suits speaker, her usually friendly voice Ice cold.

Oh.

That's why.

Bonus Bonus Scene - The Inevitable

■

Welcome to the Parahumans Online message boards.
You are currently logged in, TheGoldenKing
You are viewing:
Threads you have replied to
AND Threads that have new replies
OR private message conversations with new replies
Thread OP is displayed.
Twenty five posts per page
Last ten messages in private message history.
Threads and private messages are ordered chronologically.

■

♦ Topic: March Fics Recommendations
In: Boards ► Fanworks ► Fanfics
Valkyr (Original Poster) (Wiki Warrior)
Posted On Mar 18th 2011:
It's that time of the month again, and it's a big one this time.

So, King Midas already has way too many fanfics written about him (yes, a lot of them are by La Brava), I don't think I've seen such a fast rise in fics since Midnight debuted.

We also have a new fanfic author who writes at hyper speed apparently, given the speed they post. They're called BronzeAge and they're bafflingly good, like professional author good.

They mostly write fics based around the Brockton Bay cape scene, but I'd recommend checking them out.


So, my recommendations for this month are as follows.

The Underside of Villainy - A smutty fic based around the Undersiders, which admittedly takes a lot of liberties with their personalities… and is also dead after Tattletale left a review with the authors name and home address on a chapter of her in a fourway with Grue, Puppeteer and Regent.

Worshipping the Angel - a femdom fic with Valefor and the Simurgh, it's surprisingly well written (okay, I know we are just memeing that BrokenWings is actually Valefor, but this is the twentieth fic he's written about Valefor and the Simurgh)

The King's Conquest by our own La Brava - It's a smut fic of Midas (oh sorry King Midas, don't hurt me La Brava) and basically every female cape, villain and hero. There's already a lot of chapters, and they're very well written.

Follow the White Rabbit - A surprisingly wholesome smut fic about King Midas and the White Rabbit by BronzeAge


(Showing page 1 of 274)

►Feychick
Replied On Mar 18th 2011:
Didn't we agree to stop lewding the Simurgh, the Hope Killer, destroyer of cities and dreams? She doesn't even have the right parts.

Also, BronzeAge is stupidly good at writing, wonder if they'd read actually new at writing or if they are a different author just writing under a new name.

Their MidasxNewWave fic is amazing


►La Brava (Verified Midas Fangirl)
Replied On Mar 18th 2011:
*King Midas

Also, I'd recommend pretty much anything by BronzeAge, since they always use King Midas as their male mc (clearly they have good taste)


►BrokenWings
Replied On Mar 18th 2011:
I agreed to no such thing.

And I'm definitely not Valefor, I just think he's hot and makes an amazing Male MC, that's all.

►Mane Magenta
Replied On Mar 18th 2011:
There's a new one by PatriotChick with Miss Militia and Midas that's pretty good

Also, there's like three dozen Female SI's with Midas of various quality. Turns out a well spoken villain in a fancy suit is what gets the girls going.

►Loyal
Replied On Mar 18th 2011:
There's a pretty good slash one of King Midas and Prophet, not surprising since they are allegedly rivals and writers love turning rivals into lovers..

►TheGoldenKing (Verified Cape) (Verified League of Villains Member )
Replied On Mar 18th 2011:
…Prophet is my brother, my identical twin brother.

Though yes, we are rivals.

Well, he sees himself as my rival, he's mostly just a nuisance

►Loyal
Replied On Mar 18th 2011:
Sorry dude, but if you were hoping to stop people from writing fics of you two, you did the exact wrong thing.

They'll probably be four more before the end of the day

►TheGoldenKing (Verified Cape) (Verified League of Villains Member)
Replied On Mar 18th 2011:
Oh well, the Internet will do what the Internet will do, just remember I'm the top

Prophet's always been a little bitch.

►TheOracleofBrocktonBay (Verified Cape)
Replied On Mar 18th 2011:
I hate you.

And I'm still the older brother

►TheGoldenKing (Verified Cape) (Verified League of Villains Member)
Replied On Mar 18th 2011:
By seven minutes, and perfection takes time

Maybe if they'd left you in for a few more months you wouldn't be such a disappointment


Also Royal Reward by La Brava was a good one, even if it was odd reading about myself.

►La Brava (Verified Midas Fangirl)
Replied On Mar 18th 2011:
Oh god, you read my fics?

►TheGoldenKing (Verified Cape) (Verified League of Villains Member)
Replied On Mar 18th 2011:
Don't worry, I was flattered and yours were some of the better ones.

I've read every fic that includes myself, I'm a very fast reader and don't actually need to sleep.

It's been an… interesting time.

►Aloha
Replied On Mar 18th 2011:
You poor man, why would you do that to yourself

Also, Golden Touch was a good one, first time I've seen a sub Scion fic, it's a shame it's the only one Fortuna has written, she has real talent even if her authors notes are rambling nonsense

Also Definitely Not L33T wrote another fic about Leet and Popstep, but it's pretty badly written tbh. I get the feeling whoever wrote it has no idea how relationships actually work. I'd recommend it just because there's surprisingly little about Popstep.

End of Page. 1, 2, 3 ... 272, 273, 274

■

Author's Note: Just a series of scenes and their PHO equivalent. Sorry it took so long, work sucked then games didn't suck.
"Sanity and happiness are an impossible combination."
― Mark Twain

​
My Discord, come here for porn and also sometimes fics: https://discord.gg/wd3tUYWVCd

My Patreon, I promise to spend any money given to me irresponsibly: https://www.patreon.com/TheDarkWolfShiro​
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Joel Fischoff, BEARiiKADE, gartf and 1,308 others
The Dark Wolf Shiro
Jul 28, 2021
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 17: Killing them with Kindness (and bullets)
View content
The Dark Wolf Shiro
The Dark Wolf Shiro
Everyone Hail to the Pumpkin King
JoinedApr 1, 2019
Messages9,336
Likes received960,957
Aug 5, 2021
Add bookmark
#3,222
Disclaimer: I own nothing but my own original characters and works, if you recognise it from somewhere else, surprise it isn't mine.
Discord Link: discord .gg/ wd3tUYWVCd
Pat reon Link: Pat reon .com/TheDarkWolfShiro
Betad by morde24

The Guild of Gamers: The Supervillain
Chapter 17: Kill them with kindness (and bullets)

Diana Prince (Wonder Woman)

As she easily knocked another of the guards into the wall, she made sure to hold back her immense strength, striking each guard enough to throw the man around but not hard enough to do any permanent harm.

They had guns, heavy ones at that, but despite that they were all using electric batons to attack her, clearly aiming to subdue but not kill.

It gave her hope for Huntress's fate, because while she was mostly bulletproof, heavy weapons could still hurt her, and they could definitely hurt Cassandra.

She'd seen the heavy turrets as well, and even as she prioritised smashing them they never fired, and while the guards had put up a good fight, with two Brutes fighting their way through, they'd only been able to delay them as they made their way deeper into the base.

The twisting corridors did more to delay them than the guards; they were well designed to confuse intruders. Every corridor looked the same with no distinctive features, and only the unconscious guards and signs of battle told her that they'd gotten turned around, again.

Dead ends, staircases that just led to endless corridors that didn't lead anywhere, decoy rooms, turrets and cameras scattered everywhere.

Perhaps she was too harsh on him, but hearing that he'd taken Huntress captive reminded her all too much of her mother, and her horde of mastered women.

She couldn't save them, but she could at least save Huntress.

Grabbing one of the guards, she held him by the neck against the wall as she started to use her own master power, while she couldn't make women into loyal empowered servants like her mother could, she did have a few tricks up her sleeve.

Her master power was simple, she could compel people to speak the truth.

"Speak, where is the prison?" Diana ordered as Cassandra knocked out another guard, looking a little worse for wear from the repeated strikes with the stun batons.

It stung her, it must have hurt more for her weaker sidekick.

"Aww, what's wrong Princess, you lost?" the guard, a rather muscly woman asked sarcastically, making both herself and Cassandra blink in shock.

Trying again, she froze as a voice came over the speakers she'd seen around the base.

"I wouldn't bother, Wonder Woman. My minions are immune to master powers, I'd never allow anyone to make their loyalty towards me falter." the voice said, making her hit the guard upside the head and knock her out, dropping her.

"King Midas, I assume? A rather arrogant name." Diana said calmly, spotting the camera he was watching her from.

"Well, it does take a special kind of cape to declare themselves royalty, how is Queen Hippolyta by the way?" Midas asked casually as she scowled slightly.

"As megalomaniacal as ever, I'd suggest you two should meet, but she'd almost certainly kill you. Where is Huntress? You know I'll find her eventually, even if I have to tear this place apart." Diana threatened, making Midas chuckle.

"The prisons are on the sixth floor, you are currently on the third, I hope you don't have anything important planned for tonight, I think you'll be here a while." Midas replied calmly, making her frown in annoyance. This place was massive, and it would take hours to search it all. "Good luck, have fun!"

"Midas! Save us both a lot of time and effort and release her!" Diana shouted, getting no reply.

"This is gonna take awhile, isn't it? Maybe we should split up?" Cassandra said, her lasso in hand.

"No, we should absolutely not." Diana replied bluntly. "He's toying with us, we can't let our guard down."

As they explored, she realised that they had stopped running into guards, maybe they'd already knocked them all out, or maybe they were using the cameras to avoid them, waiting to ambush them later.

Her suspicion grew as time passed, and every room they found was empty, it had signs of life, half played games of poker, videos still playing and food half eaten.

After what seemed like hours, they went through a door leading to what had to be the prisons, clear glass looking into half a dozen cells.

Empty cells.

"You know, if rescuing her was so easy, the Birds of Prey would have done it by now. They've spent every day and night since I captured her trying to track her down, if you'd just asked around they could have told you that she wasn't here." Midas taunted, a screen on the wall turning on to show Midas smirking down at them.

"You deceived us." Diana growled, making him laugh.

"You deceived yourself, I just didn't correct your mistake. If you wanted to spend your night fighting your way through one of my decoy bases, you were welcome to. It's nice to see how my men compared to an actual cape, clearly I need better ways to subdue brutes." Midas said with an easy smile as the door slammed shut behind them, a second much more reinforced door closing over it.

As she heard the quiet sound of hissing her eyes widened, watching as vents rapidly pumped a purple gas into the room.

"According to my drug tinker, this should be able to knock out just about anything short of an Endbringer, time to see how it compares to 'Wonder Woman'." Midas said idly as she immediately rushed over to the door, kicking it as hard as she could.

The lack of a response told her just how reinforced it was, and as the gas quickly filled the room, she took a deep breath while she still could and tried again, hammering against it with all her might.

As Cassandra joined her, their combined force managed to smash the door down, her eyes widening as far more of the gas flooded into the room, the corridor completely sealed with two more reinforced doors at each side, and already completely filled with the gas.

She knew that she couldn't break down a second door before she had to breathe again, and with the entire room and corridor filled with gas she rushed forwards and attempted to do so anyway, hearing a thud behind her as Cassandra collapsed.

Unable to smash through the heavily reinforced door in time, she was forced to open her mouth and as she breathed in the gas, she felt her body grow sluggish, her vision darkening as she tried to beat against the door.

As her legs gave out, the door mockingly opened and the vents started to suck the gas back in, with freedom in sight she fell to her knees, collapsing into a heap on the floor.

As she regained consciousness, she rose on still shaky legs, looking up into Midas's amused gaze as he sat on his throne, staring down at her with a smile.

The moment she took a step forward, he spoke up.

"Before you charge in, I suggest you remember that you weren't the only person I captured." Midas deadpanned as her eyes widened, looking around the room with a growing scowl.

"Where is Wonder Girl?!" Diana barked, making him smile.

"Safe and secure, still sleeping." Midas deadpanned, making her glare at him.

"Do you think you can imprison me?" Diana asked, remaining still even as she spoke. She should never have let Cassandra come with her.

"Nope, you're too strong and unless I keep you sedated 24/7 you'd break out of whatever I stuck you in eventually, it'd result in more of my things being broken, and I don't want to waste valuable resources just so I can make you reenact sleeping beauty." Midas said idly, making her blink in confusion. "Frankly, you aren't a big enough threat to be worth the effort."

"And Wonder Girl?" Diana asked, staring up at him, completely thrown off guard by his casual words.

"She's going with you, I don't want to have to deal with you kicking down more of my doors looking for her." Midas reassured her, making her glare at him mistrustingly.

"And what of Huntress? Have you not held her prisoner for days?" Diana asked, making him nod.

"I have, was I supposed to let her go with a slap on the wrist after breaking into my base?" Midas asked bluntly. "I made an exception for Shadow Stalker because she was a Ward and I didn't want to deal with the trouble that would come from keeping her prisoner, Huntress gets no such clemency, the Birds of Prey aren't quite as problematic as the PRT."

"She is a hero, you don't get to hold the moral high ground when you're a super villain." Diana pointed out, making him chuckle.

"Oh, I know but it is exactly because I'm a villain that I can't allow people to attack me without punishment, and besides… this is my territory, I am the law here. I am the Judge, the Jury and if the need arises the Executioner." Midas said, his tone regal as he started her down.

"So, I'm to be punished? I take it that if I refuse to comply, Wonder Girl will be punished in my place?" Diana asked scornfully, making him smile.

"Naturally." Midas agreed as she scoffed.

"Then do your worst, you won't break me." Diana said, her chin held high as Midas stood and walked towards her with a lazy smirk.

She could take anything he could do to her, she couldn't say the same about Cassandra, her half-sister was far less experienced and far more naive than her.

"If I wanted to do my worst I'd just call your mother to come pick you up, I certainly wouldn't need to worry about you bothering me afterwards since I doubt you'll be able to get away a second time." Midas said idly, making a sliver of fear run through her.

She had an immunity to her mothers master power, it was very unlikely that Cassandra had the same. Plus, she'd escaped from Themyscira because her mother didn't think she'd try and run, even she couldn't have fought her way off the island, and her mother would certainly imprison her for her betrayal.

Not giving him the satisfaction of reacting, stared at him challengingly as he stopped in front of her.

"Strip." Midas ordered calmly, making her scoff. Typical male.

Removing her dull red and gold armour she never broke eye contact as she dropped it to the floor with a clatter, watching his gaze slowly move over her almost naked body as she paused before reluctantly removing her panties as well.

"Well? Get it over with." Diana said, her tone unwavering as she placed her hands on her hips challengingly.

"Someone is eager." Midas taunted as she scoffed.

"I know what villains like you do to captured heroines, do as you want with me, I won't resist. Touch a hair on Wondergirl's head and I'll remove what makes you a man." Diana warned, making him chuckle.

"Yes, yes, you're very intimidating." Midas chuckled as he moved over to the side of his throne and grabbed something, walking back towards her and offering it to her. "Now be a good girl and put this on." he ordered, making her scoff as she grabbed the golden collar, glaring at him as she placed it around her neck and closed it, the cold metal pressing against her flesh.

Attaching a thin chain leash to it, he calmly turned and walked out of the room, forcing her to walk behind him wearing nothing but a collar as she was marched through his base.

She didn't let it get to her as some of his men wolf-whistled and jeered, she had no reason to be ashamed of her form.

Leading her into what seemed to be his personal section of the base, she followed him into a elegantly decorated room, red velvet walls and a dark oak wooden floor, if the sultry decorations didn't warn her what this room was for, the various sex toys and… furniture would have done so.

He had a sex dungeon, how… cliche.

Not giving him the satisfaction of reacting, she simply stared at him challengingly, making him chuckle again as he led her over to a dark wooden stockade, unlocking it.

"Place your hands and head in this." Midas ordered as she reluctantly bent over and let him lock her inside it. "We both know you could shatter this with ease, but you aren't going to, are you?" Midas asked as he knelt down in front of her, lowering himself to eye level.

The stockade was low enough that she was forced to bend over so her head was level with his crotch, telling her exactly what was going to happen to her, not to mention the way her ass was sticking out.

Typical male, wasting no time in taking advantage of her now that she was at his mercy.

"I have your word you'll let me and Wonder Girl leave once you are… finished with me?" Diana asked, making him nod.

"I'm a man of my word, and I have no reason to lie." Midas said calmly as she stared at him, searching for deceit.

"Then get it over with." Diana said bluntly, showing no fear or hesitation as he stood back up and smirked down at her.

She wasn't a virgin, she wasn't going to let something like sex scare her, she'd endure this and get out of here, then she'd find a way to bring Midas down, after she captured Aresia and put a stop to whatever she had left Themyscira for.

She never broke eye contact as he undid his belt and pulled out a sizable manhood, slapping it against her face as she grimaced.

He was well-equipped, that much was certain, and as he rubbed the meaty cock against her cheek she simply glared up at him.

"That angry glare suits you, my dear." Midas teased as he pushed the tip against her closed mouth. "Now be a good girl and open up."

She was not a good girl, she certainly wasn't his dear, but despite her growing humiliation she slowly parted her lips and didn't bite down as he started to feed his length into her mouth, a strangely sweet taste on her tongue as he placed his hand on her head and slowly started to thrust.

It was debasing to be reduced to a mere plaything for the very villain she came here to stop, but she didn't dare bite down on the invading shaft, not willing to take any risks with Cassandra.

She was having second thoughts about letting Cassie come with her in the first place, the realisation that they'd both been completely at his mercy washing over her.

Midas was being almost merciful, not 'punishing' Cassie as well, and that realisation made her more… pliable, willing to do what he wanted if it got them out of the mess she'd gotten them into.

She had only ever been defeated once before, by her mother when she challenged her for the throne of Themyscira. She knew intellectually that she wasn't invincible but having a villain work out how to take her down so easily stung her pride almost as much as the way he was fucking her mouth.

His thrusting gained speed quickly, and as her mouth was violated, she could do nothing but stand there and take it, feeling the tip of his cock slide into her throat and make her gag as she closed her eyes.

His breathing slowly became heavier as she braced herself, knowing what the twitching his shaft was doing meant, her jaw slightly sore as he had his way with her mouth, his hefty balls slapping against chin.

Despite her expectations, he slowly pulled out of her drooling mouth, stroking his length as she made the mistake of opening her eyes, just in time for the first spurt of warm, sticky cum to splatter against her face.

She flinched back as his seed struck her, painting her face, the feeling of it dripping down her face making her squirm slightly.

She wasn't a virgin, but this was certainly the first facial she'd received, the few men she'd trusted enough to bed before had never been in control, never been able to just degrade her like this.

"Now, that looks suits you even better." Midas taunted, pushing his length back into her mouth as she went to retort. "Be a good girl and clean me off." he ordered as she reluctantly started to suck, licking the salty but also oddly sweet cum off his cock as she glared up at him.

After a minute or so, he pulled back and giving her a smirk he walked around out of sight.

She didn't need him to speak to know what was coming, her legs pushed further apart as he placed a light spank on her buttocks, immediately followed by something long and hard pressing against her slit.

Dragging the tip along her slit, and spreading her lower lips, he took his time teasing her as he reached around and groped her breast with one hand, the other holding his cock as he prepared to take her.

As he finally started to push forwards, a quiet moan slipped out of her at the fullness she was feeling, he was larger than the other men she'd let inside her body, but it wasn't just that.

She was used to being in control, to being on top, to setting her own pace… and with absolutely no control all she could do just stand there and take it as he suddenly slammed his hips forwards, bottoming out inside her as she moaned lewdly.

Why was her body enjoying this? It was degrading, humiliating to have a villian inside her body, thrusting into her pussy as she was forced to let him have his way with her, but as he fucked her she could feel herself grow wet, making his violation easier, her nipples hardening to his touch as she moaned.

"Look forwards, Wonder Woman, can you see that little box on the wall?" Midas asked as he fucked her, making her look up with wide eyes as she spotted the tiny blinking red light.

"You… scum." Diana groaned, knowing what she was looking at. Her shame caught live on camera, her submission to a villain's cock recorded to haunt her for years to come.

"You don't sound so mad." Midas taunted, slapping her ass again as she moaned, he wasn't strong enough to hurt her but it didn't stop her from feeling something from his spanks.

It just wasn't pain she was feeling.

Not giving him the satisfaction, she forced her moans down and looked away from the camera, not giving it a good view of her cum-stained face.

It was hard, her traitorous body was taking pleasure from his rough treatment, his waist slapping against her ass repeatedly as she bit down and stopped a whimper.

She just hoped Cassie was doing better than she was.

Jin

I really shouldn't have, but it's fucking Wonder Woman.

I realise that this will make some things harder in the long run, but a chance to have Wonder Woman moaning as I pound into her tight pussy was too much to resist.

Spanking her large ass again, I have to admire the comic book logic of this world. She really should be far more muscled given her strength but while she has a well-toned body, she isn't so muscular as to become unattractive and is still very obviously feminine.

I already knew Aresia, one of Hippolyta's followers, had come to Brockton Bay, because she'd contacted Roulette about hiring the League to help with a plan that she's been incredibly hesitant to share the details of, and she warned us that Wonder Woman might come looking for her. Piggot gave the game away when she contacted 'Prophet', but seeing her strength in action was worrying.

Sure, it took her a while and she had her weaker sidekick helping, but she literally punched down a heavily reinforced door, and Alexandria is supposed to be even stronger still.

I need better anti-brute security, I can't rely on a defence that can be countered by a common gas mask.

If she'd been wearing anything that filtered the air, I wouldn't have been able to stop her so easily, frankly I don't have any reliable method of dealing with powerful brutes at the moment and that's concerning.

But that's a concern for when I don't have my dick inside Wonder Woman, something every teenage boy who watched Justice League or read the comics has dreamt of.

The pillory is just to add a little spice to an already delicious scenario, the defeated heroine being taken by the victorious villain, plus I have a thing for girls in restraints, just ask my former maid.

She was very well paid.

A part of me wanted to take Wonder Girl as well, but I'm horny not suicidal. Wonder Woman could crush me like a bug, even my metal form probably wouldn't help that much against her strength, and touching her sidekick would make her far, far less submissive.

The fact that I've got an OG Justice League member bent over taking my dick will have to suffice for now, but I already have ideas of how to get her.

Wonder Girl is essentially a stronger Glory Girl without flight, a hot blonde teenage girl with more power than she knows what to do with.

Maybe I have a type.

But more importantly, Vicky has a need to be the center of attention, and with Wonder Woman and Wonder Girl coming to Brockton Bay she's not even close to the strongest Brute in Brockton anymore.

With the League, Starfire and PRT reinforcements she might not even be in the top 5, and I know her well enough to know that will drive her mad.

But I digress, speeding up my thrusts, I grin as a quiet moan leaves her despite her best efforts at muffling it, her body is enjoying this even if she doesn't want to admit it, did I spend some time with Jaina using Prodigal Learner to master the art of dicking someone down?

Quite possibly.

I can feel her subconsciously clenching down on my shaft, her body giving dozens of small signs letting me know that she's going to cum, even if she tries to stop her increasingly loud moans and whimpers.

Holding out, I speed up as I play with her body, spanking her firm ass and groping her swaying breasts as her breathing quickens, gasps leaving her as she approaches the edge, and promptly gets kicked over it, a long drawn out moan leaving her as her body stills, her pussy becoming almost painfully tight as I groan, joining her in climax as my thankfully sterile seed is pumped into her waiting womb.

Amy's modification is very helpful, because I hate the idea of being a parent with a passion.

Panting slightly, I pull back and watch my seed leak out of her well-fucked pussy with a smile as I undo her 'restraints', watching her quickly rise.

Her face is flushed, and a sheen of sweat is covering her beautiful body, but she doesn't show it as she crosses her arms under her breasts and stares at me.

"You've had your fun, you'll release us now?" Diana asks, making me chuckle.

"I will, though you'll understand that I'll be knocking you out again, for security purposes of course. When you wake up you'll be free and reunited with Wonder Girl," I promise, making her scowl, before she nods with a glare. "Oh, and if you come after me again, you won't get let off so easily."

"Easi- you call this easy?" Diana asks in disbelief, gesturing down to the semen dripping down her leg as I chuckle.

"I have two drug tinkers, you really think I couldn't have made this so much worse?" I ask bluntly, watching her flinch slightly.

"Just get it over with." Diana grumbled, glaring at me again as I chuckle, reaching for a small canister of the sleeping drug I had Plague make.

Diana Prince (Wonder Woman)

Waking up, she shook her head to try and shake off the drowsiness, sitting up and looking around, her eyes widening as she spotted Cassie sitting on a crate.

"Finally awake? Guess they figured you were more of a threat, since I got a smaller dose." Cassie said as she helped her stand up.

"What- where are we?" Diana asked quickly, making Cassie shrug.

"Somewhere on the edge of the Docks, we're still in Midas's territory and some of his men were here when I woke up, but they left when they realised I was awake." Cassie explained, making her shake her head as she looked down at her now dressed body. "We kinda fucked that up, huh?"

"I underestimated him, and put us both in danger. What do you remember?" Diana asked, making Cassie shrug.

"We got drugged, then I woke up here. Midas posted pictures of us both unconscious on PHO by the way, as a warning to any other heroes who might want to attack him I guess." Cassie said, making her sigh as she blinked away the tiredness, whatever was in her system was fading quickly.

He kept Cassie sedated, and for that her opinion of him rose ever so slightly. The slight soreness in her lower body reminded her of why her opinion of him was so low.

"So, what happens now?" Cassie asked, making her pause.

"We get up, brush ourselves off and get back in the fight. I won't give up on freeing Huntress, but this isn't something we can brute force. I was too reckless and impatient, now we have to do this the smart way."

When Midas talked about Huntress, he mentioned the Birds of Prey. Huntress had allies, and hopefully they had a better idea of how to go about freeing her.

Plus, she could use some local assistance in finding Aresia, and she didn't particularly trust the PRT. They'd spent too many years trying to get her to join up for that.

Sophia Hess (Shadow Stalker)

"So, what happens now?" Sophia asked, looking up at Midas as she fidgeted slightly, uncomfortable with the complete power imbalance between them.

She owed him, twice over now, and there was no doubt in her mind that he was an alpha predator, the predator that could hunt other predators without a care, she was a badass herself but she knew when it was time to bow her head and show respect to a stronger being.

"Do you know why I freed you?" Midas asked, making her nod.

"To make me choose between jail and working for you, I get it. What do you want me to do?" Sophia asked, making him chuckle again.

"I'm afraid you 'get' very little. I have no plans to have you join my organisation, because I would be falling into the same mistake the PRT made with you." Midas said calmly, sitting down and patting the seat next to him as she sat down hesitantly.

"What's that mean?" Sophia asked, making him smile as he patted her leg.

"You don't work well with a leash around your neck. The PRT tried muzzling and leashing you and it just pissed you off. I hate wasted potential, and the PRT did it's best to suppress yours. The simple fact is that you are a hero, not a villain. You'd be stifled operating under my organisation, and that would be such a damn waste."

"Pretty sure the PRT would disagree, I'll probably be labelled a villain by the end of the day." Sophia said, unable to stop herself from preening at his words as he laughed.

"I'm sure they would, but as much as they'd love to do so, they don't get to decide who is and isn't a hero. I have a great deal of respect for independent heroes, who don't bind themselves in the endless red tape of bureaucracy. You were doing good work before the PRT collared you, and what I want is for you to do so again." Midas said, making her frown in confusion.

"You're a Villain." Sophia pointed out, making him nod easily. Why would a villain want more heroes?

"I'm a villain because it's the most effective way to improve the city, and it lets me satisfy my megalomaniacal side. The PRT and government are just so… slow, even on the rare occasions they try to make a difference instead of maintaining a status quo, it takes them months to show any improvement. It took me less than a week to claim a chunk of the city, and less than a month to improve it in ways the PRT wouldn't even try. That doesn't change the fact that Heroes are necessary." Midas admitted. "Don't get me wrong, I'm not a good person, I enjoy villainy, I can do whatever the hell I want and I'm powerful enough to avoid the reprisal, but I also understand the need for heroes, not all villains are as willing to leave innocents out of this eternal game of cops and robbers as I am."

"So, you're just going to let me go?" Sophia asked hesitantly, making him smirk.

"I will, later. I think we both know how you can earn your freedom." Midas teased, rubbing his hand up her leg as she blushed slightly, her nipples hardening as she nodded embarrassedly, silently agreeing to give him what he wanted as she reached up and quietly undid the top of her prison jumpsuit. "Ahh, but before we get to the fun part, I have something for you." Midas said calmly, pausing her as she sat there, the top half of her jumpsuit around her waist and her plain bra covering her breasts as White Rabbit brought in a large metal briefcase, placing it down and giving her a mocking wave and appreciative glance.

The Rabbit was an odd one, she was definitely prey but she was a slippery prey, one even predators like her couldn't hope to catch. She'd tried to stop her before since she was one of the few villains that the PRT was willing to let the Wards fight since she never fought back, and Rabbit just stole her crossbow after leading them on a merry chase, even Vista couldn't do much. Thanks to how fast Rabbit was, by the time Vista was ready to bend space the Rabbit had already broken line of sight.

Leaving them with a sway to her hips, she understood why Midas would want to keep her around, even if she didn't fight.

"Well, go on, open it." Midas said encouragingly as she rose, moving over to the case and unlatching it, opening it and staring in shock at the contents.

Before she 'joined' the PRT, her costume was just a black hoodie and a hockey mask, and she'd had to fight tooth and nail to get them to let her wear the black bodysuit she wore for the majority of her cape career, but this seemed destined for her

Uncaring of who was watching she immediately changed into the outfit Rabbit had brought in.

A dark purple hood covered her eyes and upper face from the world, leaving a metallic menacing mask as the only defining feature not covered by shadow. Her garments, the color of the night sky decorated with fashioned golden edges, protected her body, leaving her chest open to see a light blue square contraption secured to her body with straps of silver. Strong leather arm bracers fit around her arms leaving her hands as the only exposed body part.

Around her midsection a myriad of belts secured her clothes tightly around her body. Letting the rest of it flow down behind her, almost touching the ground. Her legs wore some high leather boots running up her shapely legs all the way to her mid thighs and under them high sticking of the same fashion as the rest of her costume.

She looked fucking badass, and the skintight cloak made it very clear that she was a woman, unlike her bulky bodysuit she had worn before, with the coat opening up in the front below the waist to show off her long legs.

"The mask has a gas filter, it turns out two of my tinkers are experts when it comes to that, by necessity I imagine. The case has a second layer." Midas said as she turned back to it, pulling out the false bottom and pulling out a jet black crossbow and staring down at the rows of bolts, of various types.

There were regular bolts, sharp and deadly, but what drew her attention was the various other types.

"This isn't a tranq bolt." Sophia said, holding up the custom made bolt, they were shaped similarly to her old tranq bolts but the liquid inside was something she didn't recognise.

"The purple liquid is a tranquilliser, those ones are filled with the Scarecrow's fear toxin, for when you need a little kick to your bolts." Midas explained as her eyes widened, looking at the rows of bolts in shock. "There's a few fear gas grenades as well, but I figured you would prefer a different method of delivery."

She wasn't a Tinker but she knew how valuable Tinkertech drugs could be.

"This is all for me?" Sophia asked in shock, making him smirk.

"The more effective you are, the better it works out for me." Midas said simply, rising himself as he walked towards her. "Which is why I have an offer for you, I'm fairly certain I can remove your weakness to electricity, for a price."

"Name it." Sophia said immediately, staring at him intensely.

"You, whenever and wherever I like." Midas replied instantly, a blush rising on her cheeks. "And we both know I don't mean as a part of my organisation. Shadow Stalker will be independent again, a lone wolf making the streets dangerous for criminals again, but Sophia will be mine." Midas said as he pulled the mask away, smirking down at her as she nodded embarrassedly.

Placing a hand on her cheek, she felt his power interact with her own as her long standing weakness was taken away.

"What if I have to fight your men?" Sophia asked after a moment, making him chuckle.

"We both know my men don't cause trouble for the public, that kind of petty crime just isn't profitable, but if the time comes where you feel the need to take on the Golden Syndicate, you're welcome to try, just know that I know your power better than anyone, including you, I can still counter you if I need to." Midas said calmly. "So, in that situation, may the best cape win. I believe the phrase 'hate fuck' will be suitable for the aftermath."

"Heh, don't tempt me." Sophia said with a grin before she paused. "The PRT will try to arrest me again."

"They will, expecting their old tricks to work a second time. But frankly if you let them capture you with the ability to pass through electricity, then I overestimated you. I'll free you again, but if you're so weak as to be captured then you don't deserve to be free, I'll just change who is holding your leash." Midas said bluntly, making her smirk.

He was right, the PRT would expect her to have the same weakness, if she hid her upgrade until the right moment she could crush her former masters, humiliate them and make it clear she wouldn't get taken in again.

She was a fucking predator, and she wouldn't be collared again.

"Yeah, let them fucking try." Sophia said, stroking her crossbow with a fierce grin.

"That's my girl, now my payment ." Midas said with a grin as he took her hand, leading her towards his bedroom as she blushed slightly even as she followed behind him happily.

A few hours later, she left the hotel in her full outfit and immediately set out towards the Empire's territory, she was a fucking hero and she had work to do.

And if she happened to focus on the ABB and Empire instead of the Syndicate, well that was just her focusing on the ones causing the most damage, right?

Helena Bertinelli (Huntress)

As Midas entered, her cage lowering, she blinked slowly, her sleep deprived mind barely reacting as it was unlocked, and her finely honed reflexes doing nothing as she fell out of the cage and collapsed onto the floor, looking up into his amused gaze.

"Now, now, now… what do I do with you?"

Bonus Scene - Accord

Sitting at his desk, he watched as Citrine placed the construction report on the Boston branch of the Oriental down on his desk, slightly too hard as it knocked one of his neatly arranged pens askew, making her freeze as she stared at him cautiously.

Picking up the report, he took a deep breath and moved his pen back into its proper place, smiling under his mask.

It still drove him mad, but his urge was simple to put things back into order, not to murder one of his best Ambassadors for such a minor mistake.

Not that it was a mistake, as Citrine was working under his orders to make minor mistakes and put things slightly out of order around him to test his new self control.

"Thank you, Citrine." Accord said calmly, his serenity returning as his desk was lit back in order. "Have you tested your power?"

"I have, the area I can affect has grown in size by 67%, and I can find the right attunement to nullify a power approximately 42% faster." Citrine reported immediately, a certain smug pride to her tone as his lips twitched up under his mask.

Midas kept his word, and the upgrade worked as advertised.

When Midas had approached him, he had been cautious and suspicious but he realised something quickly, Midas was very much like him.

He understood that you couldn't fix the world by working within the broken system, and while he didn't follow the same path they both had the same end goal, the betterment of mankind.

Accord had done so in Boston, his territory flourished even if the citizens never realised he was the cause of their happiness, while Midas went a different but equally successful path of making the citizens willingly accept his rule in exchange for the benefits he brought.

Their goals were compatible, and the League had much potential. Independent villains were a constant cause of disorder, running around with no one to guide them, and with the creation of the League Midas would be the invisible hand guiding the capes who saw themselves as Independent.

Part of the agreement for him making a hotel branch in his territory was that they respected the same rules they did in Midas's territory. League capes would be welcome in his territory as long as they didn't cause trouble, or interfere with any of his operations. It'd also open up the opportunity to utilise other villains in his own schemes far easier, using the League as the middleman allowing him to easily remain anonymous while using various villains in his own schemes.

With Midas's upgrade, his need for order hadn't magically disappeared, but it had been a part of him for so long he wasn't expecting it to, even if the compulsion from his power vanished, it was ingrained in his very being.

But it had greatly lessened his response to disorder. Gone were the homicidal rages that had cost him men, schemes and made working with many capes almost impossible.

Now, when he noticed disorder, his compulsion was instead to put things back into order, his mind remained his own, and his power provided the plan for how to put things back into their rightful place.

A minor upgrade to some, a massive change to him.

A part of him felt sorrow for his friend and ally, because he couldn't see Coil defeating Midas and they both sought the same thing. But he wouldn't get involved in the affairs of Brockton Bay, even when Coil came to him for help.

May the best Thinker win, and he'd simply wait in the sidelines to work alongside whichever cape came out on top.

Bonus Scene 2: Bonus Harder - Skidmark

"Who the fuck are these pricks supposed to be?" Skidmark scoffed, looking around at the crushed heroes before him.

His new ally was crouched over the discount goth vampire looking mother fucker and as he placed his hand on the back of the pale fuckers head, he smirked as the hero was slowly turned to dust.

"New Warriors, apparently. Some low level trash mods thinking they're boss level material." Shigaraki replied caustically.

"B!" the blue haired cunt shouted, making him smack her across the face with his pistol, watching as she started to cry.

"Get off Snowflake you-" the brat in the green visor shouted, going silent as Skidmark calmly raised his gun and put a bullet in the little shits forehead.

"O-oh god." the fat one whimpered, her Tinkertech backpack tossed aside, she had no spine under all that blubber and the moment the gun was on her she took it off, he didn't know what it did but he knew enough about Tinkertech to know he wasn't letting her use it.

"You guys fucking sucked, I've had shits that gave me more trouble than you fucks." Skidmark scoffed, watching as the pink haired brat he shot in the leg earlier tried to stand.

Not wasting time, he raised his gun again and paused as he looked down at the blue haired girl, looking between them.

Huh, twin capes.

"Aww, they have matching outfits." Shigaraki said, moving over to the pink haired idiot and kicking him back down, crouching over him as he grabbed the back of his head, a single finger away from starting to decay the weakling. "So, wanna tell me why you decided to do this little dungeon crawl when you're so underleveled?" Shigaraki asked mockingly, looking over at the fools who had attacked the warehouse they were hiding in.

"We heard Skidmark was here, and that he was a former gang leader, we thought he was trying to set up here and wanted to stop him first." the blue haired bitch squeaked as he grabbed her and lifted her back up from the floor, he still had a cut on his leg from his little icicle shit that she threw at him.

"Well congrats, you found me." Skidmark growled, making her flinch.

Out of the corner of his eye he spotted the fat one trying to rise, and start scampering for the exit as he lazily aimed his gun and fired, watching her fall to the ground dead.

Trailblazer, the only trail she could blaze was from the couch to the fridge and back.

"And does anyone know you're here?" Shigaraki asked, making Snowfuck shake her head quickly, not even smart enough to lie as he calmly placed his last finger on her brother's neck, the decay spreading to his head and killing him almost immediately. "Good, you can deal with that one but we'll need to move soon, don't play with your food too much." Shigaraki said with a cruel smirk as she started sobbing, staring at her brother's slowly disintegrating corpse.

"Yeah, yeah, I fucking know." Skidmark replied as he watched his new ally leave, turning to the crying girl.

"J-just get it over with." she said, her will to fight completely shattered as he pushed her forwards, making her bang into one of the tables, before she could do more than yelp in pain, he moved forward and smashed her head against it, quickly cuffing her hands behind her back.

Every good villain had handcuffs around.

The dumb cunt just stared back at him in confusion, not getting the hint until he grabbed his knife and started cutting into the blue skintight one piece costume she was wearing, her tearful eyes widening in horror as he cut it apart enough to yank the bottom half down.

She might be borderline useless in a fight, but watching that black ass bounce around in a pair of tiny tight shorts reminded him of Whirligig, and it got him all riled up.

"N-no!" she screamed, kicking back at him weakly, one hand on the back of her head forced the weakling to remain face down against the table as he held her in place, his trousers coming undone quickly.

Her boring sports underwear quickly found it's way around her knees, stopping her legs from moving too much as he lined himself up and thrust forwards.

It'd been a while since he'd had some cape pussy, regular pussy just wasn't the same.

An hour later, he pulled out of her abused and bleeding ass, watching the dumb bitch slump to the ground, she hadn't even put up a fight after the first time he pumped her tight little cunt full of his special sauce, and as he pulled out his pistol she barely even reacted, looking up at him blankly as he pulled the trigger.

Fucking pathetic.

As he went to leave, he paused and grabbed the backpack the fat one was carrying, opening it up and looking inside.

Blinking as he looked into a void, he did the only thing that made sense to his drug-addled mind, reaching inside and grasping… something?

Pulling it out, he blinked as he looked at the very familiar white brick wrapped in plastic. She had a Tinkertech bag that made free drugs?

Reaching in again, he pulled out a Rpg launcher and stared in confusion.

He didn't have a fucking clue how this bag worked or what it actually did, but he knew one thing.

He was absolutely taking it with him. He'd need all the help he could get to deal with the golden fuckboy who'd taken everything from him, and even more to get away from Shigaraki afterwards.

He knew batshit crazy when we saw it.

Bonus Scene with a Vengeance - Alexandria

Staring at the screen in disbelief, she read over Contessa's message again, offering her as payment for removing Contessa's blind spot.

They had no idea what Contessa was doing anymore, but she was clearly on a path they just didn't know what the end goal of all her actions was.

She was making a name for herself as a master thief named Miss Fortune, wearing a rather revealing skintight red dress and a large red hat, she'd outsmarted everyone in her way and stolen some ridiculous things including the Mona Lisa and the English Crown Jewels.

When she wasn't stealing, she was doing things that just didn't make sense, like getting rid of their easy method of dealing with Dragon if she became an issue, hacking PHO and hat shopping.

Or hat robbing, after her spree of heists aimed at shopping malls, stealing only the hats.

She had also assassinated seven Cauldron assets so far, and exposed three more.

But this was a new one, and she knew in the back of her head that if Contessa decided she should become Midas's plaything, there was nothing she could do to stop it.

Which is why the books left on her bedside table instilled such a strange and unusual sense of fear.

'Shibari and you', 'Bondage for beginners' and what seemed to be the diary of a woman who was the sub in a master/slave relationship.

It wasn't published, meaning she'd probably stolen it from the woman's bedroom.

Her computer also had a dozen tabs open, each with various bondage pornos loaded up on it. That had been awkward as she'd turned it on with her assistant in the room, and they had autoplayed.

Despite everything, she saw the logic in Contessa's actions. If the blindspot was removed, she'd simply need to ask 'Path to defeat Scion' and that would be game, set and match.

Cauldron wouldn't be needed anymore, so no matter what Contessa had to do, if Midas could remove her blindspot it'd be worth it.

Picking up one of the books, she opened it and looked down at the diagrams, glaring down at the drawing of a girl smiling up at the artist, her arms bound and her body covered in ropes.

Turning the page again, she blinked as a piece of paper fell out of it.

'Stop frowning, we both know you'll do it'

Sometimes, she really hated Contessa's power.

Author's Note: I wanted to kill off the New Warriors, doesn't mean this is a Marvel crossover now though.

Also, my coworker has booked two more weeks off work, so I'm gonna be busy for a while. Next week isn't bad, the two weeks after that are busy as fuck so I don't know how much I'll be writing. It's completely unrelated to the two new DnD campaigns I've joined.

There's a very real possibility that I won't upload anything for two, maybe three, weeks with how busy work is going to be.
"Sanity and happiness are an impossible combination."
― Mark Twain

​
My Discord, come here for porn and also sometimes fics: https://discord.gg/wd3tUYWVCd

My Patreon, I promise to spend any money given to me irresponsibly: https://www.patreon.com/TheDarkWolfShiro​
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Joel Fischoff, BEARiiKADE, gartf and 1,179 others
The Dark Wolf Shiro
Aug 5, 2021
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 18: Songbirds Belong in Cages
View content
The Dark Wolf Shiro
The Dark Wolf Shiro
Everyone Hail to the Pumpkin King
JoinedApr 1, 2019
Messages9,336
Likes received960,957
Sep 25, 2021
Add bookmark
#3,348
Disclaimer: I own nothing but my own original characters and works, if you recognise it from somewhere else, surprise it isn't mine.
Discord Link: discord .gg/ wd3tUYWVCd
Pat reon Link: Pat reon .com/TheDarkWolfShiro
Betad by morde24 and OoalGown

The Guild of Gamers: The Supervillain
Chapter 18: Songbirds belong in cages

Barbara Gordon (Oracle)

"Stay safe, call for assistance if things look even slightly wrong." Barbara ordered over the radio.

"Don't worry, I know. We can't risk having two members captured, I won't take any risks." Dinah agreed, making her sigh.

With Wonder Woman's failed attack on one of Midas's bases, his defences had risen higher than ever, and what progress she had made in tracking Huntress down had been lost, but the sheer scope of Midas's operation frankly scared her.

He didn't just have a main base and a decoy base, he had bases everywhere, and they all seemed fully functioning, plus they'd found evidence of a series of underground tunnels allowing him to move and deploy his forces without anyone noticing.

All of this was leading them to desperate measures like Dinah's newest plan. She had her doubts about it, but Huntress had been in Midas's hands for too long as it was.

As her phone rang, she paused.

That was the phone she used for Oracle, that very few people had the number of.

So why was she getting a call from an unknown number?

Running the number through her system, she blinked as she realised it wasn't unknown, quite the opposite. She'd gotten this number through a contact in the PRT, so that she had a way to contact Prophet if needed.

She didn't know what to think of the new independent Thinker. He had an agenda and one that he was hiding from other people, and she'd heard the rumours of him being the twin brother of Midas himself.

Naming his bar after Dionysus, the god who gave Midas his 'gift' was an odd choice, and obviously very deliberate. Was Prophet saying that he made Midas? Was it a taunt, meant to provoke? Were they really rivals or could they be working together behind the scenes?

Questions she didn't have the answer to, which was why she hadn't attempted to approach Prophet, unwilling to take the chance that she'd be falling into a trap set by Midas.

Now, the spider had come out of its web to lure her into it.

"Prophet, I won't bother asking you how you got this number." Barbara answered immediately, a rich laugh coming over the line.

"Nor will I ask you how you knew it was me, us Thinkers have our tricks. If it makes you feel better, I just asked Vicky." Prophet admitted making her pause, smiling despite herself.

Sometimes the most obvious answer was the correct one, he didn't need to do anything complicated to get her number when he could just ask his… what even were they?

Her problem was simple, her Thinker power wasn't a match for the more powerful Thinkers even if she had put a lot of effort into bluffing about how powerful she was.

Her power was simple, she could learn skills at an incredibly accelerated rate. Her vast information network came from her skills at hacking, reading body language, analysing data, following patterns.

But she couldn't compete with people who could see the future, or some of the more bullshit Thinker powers like Tattletale's, whom she had taken great lengths to avoid. What Tattletale could learn from a glance, she took hours of studying and research to discover.

"Of course you did, is there something I can do for you?" Barbara asked, making him chuckle again.

"Perhaps, we have a mutual enemy and I wanted to offer my assistance in freeing Huntress from Midas's clutches," Prophet offered as she hesitated.

If this was a trap, she needed to tread lightly. She didn't know enough about Prophet, or Midas for that matter, as they both understood the power of information and had gone to great lengths to stop her usual methods from working.

But the problem was that they needed the help, the Birds of Prey were at an important moment that could make or break them, and they had a glaring problem.

Every member of the Birds was used to working alone, and while they would listen to her to a certain extent, it didn't change the fact that they preferred to do things their own way.

Such as Black Canary deciding to try and gather information herself, through a method she saw as too risky, and ignoring her advice.

So, if they could get Prophet's help to free Huntress from Midas as a team, it could help build the bonds that they just didn't have at the moment and make them function as a proper team.

That said…

"And what is this going to cost us?" Barbara asked, making him chuckle. "And how did you manage to get intel on Midas?"

"I have a couple of sources in Midas's forces, and the League. Midas knows about them of course, but he thinks they're spying for Coil, the Empire and the ABB, mostly because they also think they're spying for the other gangs. As for the cost, I was hoping to form something of an alliance with your newly founded organisation," Prophet admitted as she narrowed her eyes, fingers flying as she brought up her file on Prophet and started adding to it.

"Like the League, you want to unite the independent heroes in the same way Midas united the villains," Barbara realised, pushing her glasses up.

"Not quite. Midas can claim the League has no leader but I have no doubt he made it to get his strings in the villains who joined, but yes. Midas has changed the game, and none of the current heroic groups have the power to counter the League," Prophet pointed out, making her scowl.

He wasn't wrong, the Birds were mostly infiltrators and street-level crime fighters, lacking the power to beat powered villains.

At least without upgrades, Prophet's unspoken offer hung in the air.

"Tell me, is Midas your brother?" Barbara asked, not replying as she looked over her many files on the heroes and villains of Brockton.

"Yes, he's my attention seeking, power hungry asshole of a brother. We've been rivals for a long time, long before either of us got powers," Prophet admitted immediately as she changed a line in his file, confirming the rumour.

"Do you know where Huntress is?" Barbara asked, waiting silently.

"I do, Midas didn't want to keep her in his primary base because he didn't want to draw heroic attention, so she's imprisoned in one of his decoy bases. I don't need to tell you that it's an obvious trap, but I have a plan to deal with that," Prophet said calmly, making her eyes narrow in suspicion.

"And what would that be?" Barbara asked after a moment.

"We simply need to draw Midas's attention away from Huntress long enough for your group to infiltrate the decoy base through one of the back entrances. Thankfully Wonder Woman doesn't take defeat well, and if we need a distraction, you can't really get a better one than her. Plus, Glory Girl owes me a favour and she has a score to settle with Midas anyway," Prophet said with a chuckle.

As her computer pinged, she looked over at the files Prophet had sent her, opening them up in a sandbox environment, isolated from the rest of her system.

The base location, an incomplete map of the base (with several trap locations), force numbers and a great deal more information, including a room marked as Huntress's cell.

If it was correct, it'd be a godsend for freeing her, if it could be trusted.

Damn it all, she couldn't shake the feeling she was willingly walking into a spider's web, entrapping herself but… the Birds were getting less patient and at this rate they'd fall apart.

"I need to confirm this information myself, you understand I'm sure," Barbara said as she messaged Ravager and Cassandra.

"Of course, you have my number when you're ready to start. I need to arrange for Wonder Woman to assist anyway. It's been a pleasure Oracle."

As the line went dead, she got straight to work. She had information to fact-check, recon to perform, and a rescue to plan.

In her heart, she truly hoped she could trust Prophet, but she also had to make plans for if this turned out to be a trap.

Which meant she had a favour to call in, they needed a heavy hitter she could rely on if things went south, and while she had utterly failed to convince her to join the Birds, she still had someone who owed her a rather large favour.

The phone rang twice before being answered, an emotionless voice on the other end.

"What?"

"I'm calling in my favour, a teammate has been captured and I need a backup plan if the rescue goes wrong, and you're it." Barbara said calmly, the line going silent for a moment.

As a flare of purple energy filled her room, she ended the call calmly and turned to face the inexpressive stare of the gray skinned woman standing before her, dressed in tight jeans and a black tattered t-shirt with a pentagram on the front, the red jewel on her forehead gleaming slightly.

"Talk." Raven said bluntly, her voice holding no emotion as she stared down at her.

Jin

Sitting in my office, I smile to myself. I'm playing a dangerous game, but I have been since I arrived in Brockton, and the risks of manipulating Oracle, or Batgirl, don't frighten me.

"These Birds are weak, you could capture them all easily," A heavily accented voice says, making me smile as I turn to the side, staring into the pale stare of my newest recruit. "Why play these games, say the word and I will drag them before you in chains."

"Oh, I'm sure I could, my dear and I have no doubt you'd be able to best them, but I have plans for this little group. They're more useful to me this way." I say simply, Tala bowing immediately, not even questioning my words.

I've had my minions doing odd-jobs around America, with a few minor jobs outside of the States. It helps fund my schemes and keep my organisation running (not that I truly need the money but really, can you ever have too much money? I think not.)

And I have an entire division dedicated to researching rumours and leads, which led to me finding the form hideout of a rather mad villain, long dead of course.

Felix Faust, the 'magical' Tinker, at least before his death at the hands of Hippolyta, had a base of operations not that far from Boston, which my minions tracked down following a lead.

It was mostly a bust, someone had already taken everything worth taking… except for a large mirror which happened to have Felix's former sidekick trapped inside it.

It might look like 'magic' but it's just Tinkertech, even if separating the two can be confusing at times, and while Tala tried to help, she didn't know how to release herself from the mirror she was trapped inside.

But, the Game provides.

I finished my Mad Scientist starter quest, quite easily with my rapidly growing research division, completing that many research projects was easy since it didn't specify how complicated they had to be and I just picked the smallest and fastest ones.

Tinker
[Who needs Q?] - Mad Scientist
This power is the spy, or spymasters, best friend, allowing you to create your own spy gadgets. If it can be used for espionage, sabotage, assassination, or infiltration, you can make it.

[Wake the fuck up, Samurai. We have a city to build.]- Mad Scientist
In 2077, what makes someone a criminal? Walking too close to the police apparently, but at least your power shouldn't be as glitchy as that. Cyberpunk in the name of the game, so grab some neon lights, you're going to need them.

Thinker
[Not so complicated now, are you?] - Mad Scientist
As a mad scientist, over complicated devices are your speciality, and this power ensures you live up to that name. By studying any tinker device, you can learn how to use, maintain, or sabotage it. Did you get this because I don't like Armsmaster? Perhaps.

Mad Scientist Perk
[Crazy? I prefer 'differently rational']
People have learnt that they aren't going to understand you, but if there's one thing people are sure of, it's that you get results. As such, they've learnt to ignore the many quirks you may have, from random bouts of maniacal laughter to stealing the coffee machine and using it to make your new doomsday device.

They are all useful in their own right, but the Thinker power is what truly helped me here. I spent a night studying the mirror and worked out it's secrets, 'mystical' or not, it's still Tinkertech and it can't elude me.

I still have the mirror, sitting in my vault, but its former prisoner has been freed, and she's worth so much more than any mere mirror.

"Tala, remove your dress," I order casually changing the subject as I turn to her, her dress already falling before I've finished turning to face her.

"Of course, my master." Tala responds immediately, standing before me utterly naked.

I'm good at reading people, and to call Tala a natural sub would be the understatement of the century, the moment she was released she swore herself into my service, and she meant it.

I remember her from the cartoon, and while she did betray Lex and Grodd, they both had it coming to be honest. Lex is my favourite villain, but his arrogance caused him a great deal of issues, and he turned Tala against him.

While she doesn't have her counterpart's level of power, she does have powerful illusions, powerful enough to impersonate me while I played the part of Prophet, and my new 'alchemist' was capable of making a liquid that could turn metal to gold, which she used to fake my power.

She's worth her weight in gold - ugh, stupid pun. Well, I suppose it's fitting for a supervillain.

"Is that all, master?" Tala asked, watching as I looked over her naked body, hands behind her back and her chest pushed out.

"Come here, and kneel in front of me," I order, watching as she immediately drops to her hand and knees and crawls towards me, uncaring of the embarrassment as she approaches me, kneeling in front of me as she looks up at me in adoration. "All this work is stressful, take care of it for me," I order as I gesture under my desk, watching her crawl into place with a happy smile on her face.

Going back to my paperwork, I smile to myself as I feel her hands gently undo my belt and extract my shaft, the feeling of her lips engulfing my cock immediately following.

As I said, a natural sub. She sees herself as a slave, trained into her by Felix Faust perhaps, and she's very comfortable in her self-appointed position. I decided to not have her join the League, she's my secret weapon I'm keeping in my back pocket for later.

But for now, I can keep her busy and happy. It's a good job I don't need sleep. Between her, Rabbit and the newly awakened Amy (and others), I'm a busy man.

Helena Bertinelli (Huntress)

She hadn't broken, she was a hero after all, but she'd be lying if she said she wasn't close.

Overtly, he wasn't really doing anything to her, but the uncomfortable cage made sure she didn't get much sleep, and her sense of time had suffered, as a result she didn't know how long she'd been imprisoned and had almost given up any hope of getting out of here.

If Midas seemed interested in her, she might have something to fight against, but how do you resist casual disinterest? Midas didn't care about her, she was a trophy on display, she'd barely even seen him in her time in captivity.

"You wanted to speak with me?" the cultured upper-class voice of her captor said as she stood before him, still naked except for her mask as she hesitated.

She didn't really expect the people who fed her and took her to the bathroom to actually take her to Midas when she asked, but she'd been a fool and now she was well aware of her position.

This has to be Midas's living quarters, the masked man was sitting on a black couch with a wine glass in hand as he stared at her with some minor interest in his gaze.

"I did, King Midas." Helena said as she looked at him, making up her mind. "I want better accommodations, and I'm willing to earn them."

"Oh? Since when do prisoners get to decide what 'accommodations' they have?" Midas asked, amusement filling his tone as she went to speak. "And what do you have to offer that I couldn't take from you? You're at my mercy, after all."

"My body, however you want it. I know you could take it by force, I wouldn't even put up a fight, it'd be too risky for me to fight you this deep in your base, you could do anything to me… but I think you'd enjoy it more if I was willing, making a heroine like me your whore." Helena retorted with a slight smile.

She had no issues with using her body as a tool, normally this just meant her hero outfit was rather revealing and worked well to distract her dumber opponents. She needed to get out of that cell, to be given more freedom to start planning her escape.

"I'm not wrong, am I? You enjoy the idea, it's why you had me stripped and put on display, you enjoyed making me your trophy, this is the logical progression, isn't it?" Helena asked, making him chuckle.

"I can't say the idea isn't appealing, heroines are always so very alluring, but I think you want out of the cell in the hopes of increasing your chances of escaping," Midas said bluntly as she froze, eyes widening at his causal smirk. "But honestly, if you can escape you're welcome to, it'll just help me upgrade my defences. Of course, if I catch you trying to escape I'll have to discipline you… but very well, I'll play your little game." Midas said as he rose up, walking towards her. "Still, while sexual abuse isn't technically agaisnt the unwritten rules, and I have some theories on why, it's still frowned on, so I'd like some assurance you won't lie about our little deal if you do escape." Midas said as he gave her a smirk, one hand reaching up and cupping her breast, gently groping it as she kept her own smirk in place.

She didn't want to let him see her react, or let him get to her.

"And how should I provide that?" Helena asked with a sultry smile, if it got her one step closer to escaping this place there wasn't much she wouldn't do.

Jin

She's going to escape sooner or later, I'm arranging it after all, but I want to make sure that Helena is on the path to corruption long before I release her back into the world as my unknowing Trojan horse.

I thought she'd break sooner, but I suppose I underestimated her a little.

Dinah Lance (Black Canary)

They needed information on Midas's operations, and despite Oracle's concerns she decided to take matters into her own hands and do something more than sitting on her ass and waiting while Oracle played 'who's the better Thinker' with Midas.

She didn't like Thinkers, even if she respected what Oracle was trying to do, they played with the rest of the capes like they were pieces being moved around a chess board.

That wasn't completely fair. Oracle was working hard to find Huntress, but she wasn't willing to take chances against him, he'd gotten her spooked, but she found a lead of her own to follow up on.

Midas was hiring prostitutes for some new brothels and while that wasn't that important, she'd heard rumours that the hottest of the women had all been taken somewhere else, not against their will but Midas was doing something with them and she wanted to find out what. Even when they did surface, they all refused to spill the beans, and when she'd tried to bribe one of them they'd practically spat in her face, not out of loyalty but because she couldn't outspend someone calling himself King Midas.

And she had an idea of how to find out where they were going, which was why she was sitting in the waiting room of one of the remodelled brothels, dressed for the occasion.

The tiny denim jacket didn't do anything to cover her breasts, nor did the fishnet t-shirt she had on, leaving her breasts on display for the men and women moving around the fancy building, and combined with the tiny denim shorts (unbuttoned of course) it gave her the appearance of an utter slut, the makeup and torn thigh high stockings only helped as she sat there entirely confident as she waited her turn.

She knew she'd attracted a little attention when she was placed into the healing pod and it came out that she didn't have any STDs, but she'd convinced by them that it was just a matter of her making her clientele use condoms, claiming that she'd come from the Boardwalk after hearing about the new brothels.

Midas didn't seem to oversee this personally, leaving it to his assistant, Jaina and the League's treasurer Roulette, so she didn't have to worry about him catching her, and even if she did she had her own powers at the ready, she couldn't really be disarmed when her voice was her weapon.

"Hmm, I can see what Bob meant," a soft voice said, making her turn around and face the Asian woman she'd read the reports on, staring right at her.

Roulette, the Finance Thinker. She wasn't a threat, her power was based around making schemes to make money, no combat powers which would explain the two armed bodyguards behind her.

"Bob?" Dinah asked, making Roulette smile.

"He's in charge of interviews here, he marked you as a person of interest when you first showed up, and I see what he meant. From what you wrote down, you came from the Boardwalk in the hopes of getting a job, correct?" Roulette asked, looking over the paperwork she'd filled in to get this far.

"That's right, gossip travels far and the benefits here are apparently a good deal better than being independent," Dinah said, her voice sultry as she smiled at Roulette.

"Smart girl, every so often we see a girl who stands out enough to skip the initial interviews and move up to the final interview. Simply put, you're sexy enough that you could be a dead fish in bed and you'd still be in high demand, so even if you don't pass the final interview you'll have a place at one of the more… economica brothels, if you'd like to follow me you can skip the waiting," Roulette offered as she stood up, giving the rest of the room a smug look of superiority.

"I'm always in high demand, lead the way," Dinah said cockily, making Roulette laugh as she led her through the building up towards a closed door.

"Right in there, I'm sure you'll do great. I have high hopes for you," Roulette said as she turned and headed back towards the main building.

Walking into the room, she forced down her initial response as she realised that maybe Oracle was right as she stared at the golden mask staring right back.

"Come in, please," King Midas said politely, gesturing towards the seat in front of him.

Fuck.

Bonus Scene - Ochako Uraraka

She'd heard people say that when you give poor people an influx of money they would almost always waste it immediately.

As a poor person, she thought it was stupid since surely they'd understand the importance of money and save it, using it where it was needed the most.

It took her less than a week to blow through the money Jin had given her, the chance to actually go out with her friends and not have to make excuses for why she didn't want to go was too tempting, and a single shopping trip had seen the money vanish into thin air.

But she'd already agreed to go to a concert next week, along with three other events that she didn't have the money for, and having to go back to making up excuses would be humiliating since she had no doubt her friends knew the reason, even if they were too polite to bring it up. With UA rapidly approaching, and the possibility that she'd not see her friends again for a long time after she headed to the 'Cape School', she wanted to make some good memories with them before she transferred.

Sitting in the expensive restaurant, she felt her cheeks heating up as she looked up at her 'date', Jin giving her a warm smile as she fidgeted in place, the very expensive red dress feeling almost wrong on her body.

It's price had more zeros than she wanted to even think about, that Jin had paid without batting an eye, and she could eat for a month on the price of the appetizer she'd eaten.

"Is something wrong?" Jin asked, making her shake her head nervously.

She'd met Jin a few more times, mostly when she was visiting her parents or helping with their business, and he'd realised after one glance she'd spent all the money he gave her, and subtly offered her an opportunity to make more.

Compensated dating, where a woman would provide 'companionship' to a man in exchange for money or luxuries. It was prostitution with a nicer name, and she'd never have thought she'd be willing to take part in such a lewd thing.

"Nothing's wrong, I'm just- just thinking." Ochako replied, taking a bite of her steak, the most expensive one on the menu (and the one he suggested she order when she admitted she really liked meat)

It was absolutely delicious, but with a price tag like that it had better be.

She'd expected to be taken to a love hotel where she'd give up her purity for money, but instead Jin had taken her shopping, buying her a beautiful new velvet dress (and the lacy undergarments she had on under it), taking her to a beauty salon, and now a fancy meal but she knew it was all leading up to the inevitable.

It did feel more like dating, which made her feel ever so slightly less slutty, but she couldn't forget that she'd agreed to become Jin's 'date' in exchange for money, knowing full well what was going to happen.

But the money he offered was too tempting, it was more than ten times what she'd been given before, and she'd be more careful this time, she'd make it last.

She felt beautiful, all dressed up, and Jin's eyes made his attraction to her clear, but she couldn't shake the feeling of sluttiness.

She knew the age gap had attracted some attention, Jin was probably in his early or mid twenties, where she was the definition of barely legal. But as she ate, she tried to ignore the stares she felt, real or imagined.

As they ate, Jin asked her questions about her life, seeming to be actually interested in her answers as they talked about future plans, her friends and her family, but as she finished the delicious chocolate dessert that had a much longer name than she cared to try and pronounce, she knew what was coming next as Jin casually paid, leaving a massive tip as he escorted her out of the restaurant and back into the sleek black car, sitting in the back next to her as their driver set off.

"If you're really having second thoughts, we can stop here, I can have him take you home," Jin whispered into her ear. His hand on her exposed thigh as she shook her head silently, biting her lip as he kissed her neck gently, rubbing her thigh.

Pulling back, he continued talking about inane things, taking her mind off the situation as they finally arrived at what was probably the most expensive hotel in the Boardwalk, opening the door and helping her out of the car.

She remained silent as they booked in, not wanting to look at the receptionist as they headed into the elevator. This was it, she was about to give up her virginity for money. Some hero she'd be.

The room was magnificent of course, but her mind was elsewhere as they moved to the bedroom, Jin pouring them two glasses of champagne, which she sipped from, unused to the taste as they sat on the end of the bed.

Taking a deep breath, she took a deep drink and put the glass down, looking directly at Jin as she stood up, pushing the dress's straps off her shoulders, her face burning as she felt it fall to the floor, the red lace underwear on display, cupping her large breasts and covering her virgin pussy.

"You truly are beautiful." Jin said as he rose, approaching her, one hand resting on her neck as he gripped her chin and made her look up at him, kissing her gently.

She didn't resist, she didn't have the right to, so she just closed her eyes and opened her mouth, trying to clumsily return his kiss. He'd paid good money for it after all.

As he broke it, she opened her eyes and shuddered slightly as he unclipped her bra, slowly removing it.

"If you want to stop, say chocolate. I won't be mad, if this gets too much just say the word and I'll stop immediately." Jin whispered to her, pulling her towards the bed, sitting down on the edge and pulling her into her lap, her back against his chest as his hand cupped her breast, gently caressing it as she bit down a moan.

A safe word? She could just say it and this would be over? That took some of the edge off, even as his fingers tweaked her nipple, his lips kissing her neck as she leaned back against him, well aware of the hand making it's way down her stomach.

Her legs parted slightly as his other hand slipped under her lacy panties, making her gasp as he gently rubbed her shamefully wet slit.

He knew what he was doing, and before long she could do nothing but lean back against him as she shivered in pleasure, moans and gasps filling the room as he teased her.

She didn't really masturbate that often, and it certainly didn't feel this good, so when he pulled his hand back it wasn't relief that filled her, but disappointment, her thighs rubbing together as she tried to push herself over the edge he'd dragged her to.

Lifting her off his lap, he spun her around, making her face him as she blushed, the size difference incredibly apparent as she looked up into his grinning face.

"Be a good girl and take my shirt off," Jin ordered. His hands resting on her ass as she nodded quietly, her hands coming up and undoing the buttons, exposing his muscled chest.

Jin was attractive, she'd be blind to not notice that, and it had never been more apparent than right now, sitting in his lap in some five star hotel (or whatever passed for it in Brockton), as she slowly removed his shirt, her hands brushing against his well-defined chest.

She would have almost preferred it if he was some balding old man with a beer belly, because she didn't want to enjoy this, she didn't want to enjoy selling herself, Jin talked her into this, she needed the money, but no…

She wanted the money, she didn't need it, and as they kissed again, she knew she was enjoying this, even as she felt his erection pressing against her panty-clad crotch.

Jin didn't need to talk her into this, he just waved some money in her direction and she followed her mother's example.

Breaking the kiss, he smiled at her and despite her inner turmoil she returned it, it wasn't just how good this felt, but how sexy she felt. Jin could have any woman he wanted and he wanted her.

As he spun them around, she found herself on her back on the comfy bed sheets, looking up at Jin in hesitation as he hooked his fingers into her panties and slowly peeled them off her body, the wet patch making her look away in embarrassment.

"B-be gentle," Ochako begged, making him chuckle.

"Oh, it's not time for that, not yet," Jin said as he tossed her panties away, kissing her again before he started to make his way down her body, kissing as he went.

Her eyes went wide as she realised exactly where this was going, even as he took a slight detour to play with her large breasts, kissing and nibbling as she moaned, but before long he made his way down to his intended destination, her legs spread wide as he latched his mouth onto her dripping slit.

"O-oh!"

Moaning, she instinctively wrapped one of her legs around his head, holding him in place as he started to eat her out, his tongue pushing into her quim. This wasn't how she saw this going, she was the one being bought right?

"F-fuck, don't stop."

Maybe the reason her mother sold herself to Jin was so she had an excuse to sleep with him, surely it wasn't just money that made such a hard working and loving woman turn to prostitution?

It wasn't like she was in a position to judge, but at least she was single.

It didn't take long for him to push her over the edge, her hand gripping his hair and messing up his neat haircut as she shuddered, moans flooding the room as she came, her juices staining his mouth and chin as he stared up at her in a mixture of hunger and amusement.

Unable to move, she watched as he stood up and undid his belt and slowly removed his trousers, the long thick shaft standing proudly as he moved back towards the bed.

She could do this, she was a good girl, and as he climbed back onto the bed she just took a deep breath and looked away as she felt his throbbing shaft rest against her slit, grinding against her for a moment before he pulled back, the tip pressing against her lower lips as he started to push.

A part of her wanted to use the safe word he'd given her, to back out like a coward as she felt his length press against her hymen, giving her a moment to adjust before he ripped away her purity, but she couldn't back down after going so far so she just braced herself, looking away and staring at the wall.

After a moment, she felt him pull back and turned towards him in confusion, seeing a sympathetic smile on his face.

"What's the point of a safe word if you're too stubborn to use it?" Jin asked playfully, sitting on the bed as he lifted her up and into his lap again, hugging her. "I said I wouldn't mind if you wanted to stop, if you were uncomfortable."

"I- I'm not-" Ochako started, trailing off at how weak her voice sounded. "I'm sorry."

"Don't be, a girl's first time should be special, I don't want you looking back at this as a mistake," Jin said calmly, hugging her even as she felt his erection pressing against her undercarriage.

As she went to apologise again, he stopped her with a single finger on her lips.

"Be a good girl and listen to me. You have nothing to be ashamed or embarrassed about, you've done nothing wrong. I like you, Ochako, I don't want to hurt you." Jin said as she blushed, laying against his chest with her head on his shoulders. "I won't push you into anything you aren't ready for."

"B-but you're still hard," Ochako said quietly, making him chuckle.

"There's more than one way to see to that, and if you want to call it a night I won't mind," Jin said as she shook her head, staring up at him with a shy smile as she slipped out of his lap, kneeling between his legs as she took a deep breath and nodded to herself, grasping his length.

He'd been so nice to her, she wasn't going to leave him with an uncomfortable erection because she was too- no, she hadn't done anything wrong, she just wasn't ready for that level of intimacy yet, but she would be one day.

As she pressed her breasts together, she wrapped them around his length and started to clumsily move her chest, massaging him with her soft boobs.

She had no idea if she was doing it right, but as the tip poked out of her cleavage and she leaned down to kiss it, she heard a quiet moan and smiled proudly.

She was making him feel good, and that made her feel good. Jin was so nice and caring, why wouldn't she want to make him feel good?

With her lack of talent, it took her a while to make him climax, but as she felt his shaft twitch between her bosom, she braced herself and winced as his seed started to spurt out and splatter against her face and drip down onto her breasts.

"D-did I do a good job?" Ochako asked, bright red as she stood up and looked down at the semen on her breasts.

"You did wonderfully, let's get you cleaned up and call it a night," Jin said as he led her into the bathroom, joining her in the shower.

She didn't resist, even as she was pinned against the glass door and groped to climax, her hand stroking his shaft as they 'cleaned' each other.

And as they got into the bed, a long goodnight kiss between them before they cuddled, she realised that she didn't feel any of the shame she felt going into this, she just felt right cuddling against him as she went to sleep.

The next morning, after taking care of the erection she woke up to pressing against her ass and another steamy shower, she accepted a small credit card with her payment on it.

"I like you Ochako, a lot." Jin admitted as she hugged him, looking up at him with curiosity. "And I don't want this to be a one time thing, so I have an… offer for you. That card will be refilled monthly, and in exchange I want you," Jin said as she bit her lip.

"Like last night?"

"Exactly, the rules are simple. I want to be able to take you out as my date every so often, don't worry I won't monopolise your time, and I want you to promise to not date other men, or boys, I'm the possessive type," Jin chuckled as she thought for a moment, before leaning up and kissing him.

"I-I'd like that, Jin," Ochako said, entirely truthfully as he chuckled, stroking her hair.

She never thought she of all people would get a sugar daddy, but it just felt right.

"Good girl."

Author's Note: Kept you waiting, huh?

Now that Vampire is at 6 chapters I'm going back to just updating whatever takes my fancy at the time. Sorry it's shorter than usual, if I didn't post it now I probably wouldn't get to finish it for another few days. Life's busy right now.
"Sanity and happiness are an impossible combination."
― Mark Twain

​
My Discord, come here for porn and also sometimes fics: https://discord.gg/wd3tUYWVCd

My Patreon, I promise to spend any money given to me irresponsibly: https://www.patreon.com/TheDarkWolfShiro​
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Joel Fischoff, high, gartf and 1,178 others
The Dark Wolf Shiro
Sep 25, 2021
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 19: The Canary Cry
View content
The Dark Wolf Shiro
The Dark Wolf Shiro
Everyone Hail to the Pumpkin King
JoinedApr 1, 2019
Messages9,336
Likes received960,957
Sep 30, 2021
Add bookmark
#3,437
Disclaimer: I own nothing but my own original characters and works, if you recognise it from somewhere else, surprise it isn't mine.
Discord Link: discord .gg/ wd3tUYWVCd
Pat reon Link: Pat reon .com/TheDarkWolfShiro
Betad by morde24 and OoalGowl

The Guild of Gamers: The Supervillain
Chapter 19: The Canary Cry

Paige Mcabee (Canary)

"How much longer do I have to sit around?" Paige asked, making 'Tattletale' laugh.

"You're complaining an awful lot for someone who has done nothing but eat ice cream, watch tv and lose to Regent at video games," Lisa replied, making her scoff.

"Fine, I won't deny this is an upgrade from my cell, but isn't your big bad boss coming to put me in a cage to sing for him?" Paige asked sardonically. She wasn't naive enough to think someone would save her from the fucking Birdcage out of the kindness of their hearts, especially a villain.

"Nope, current orders from up top are to let you relax, and to make sure you're protected and disguised if you want to go into the city, can't risk the PRT trying to grab you again," Lisa replied, making her blink.

"Wait, I can go out?" Paige wondered, incredulously.

"Sure, just let me know beforehand so I can make sure it goes smoothly, the Brockton Bay PRT would love to grab you and toss you straight into Birdcage before anyone can try and rescue you a second time, they need the positive PR. The boss and his PR team are working to make you out to be the victim, counteracting the PRT's own smear campaign. I've been looking into your case as well, turns out quite a few people's wallets got fat from it, and the more I expose the harder it gets for the PRT to get away with trying this shot a second time. At this rate, give it a month and the public will riot if the PRT touch you." Lisa chuckled from her laptop. "Want me to arrange a trip downtown?"

"No, it's nice to know I have the choice though," Paige admitted as she ate another spoonful of rocky road ice cream.

She didn't trust Midas, but she owed him and she wasn't stupid enough to try and run without paying back that debt, not with what she'd been hearing about him online.

She just hoped his price wouldn't be too steep. She'd been caged once, she didn't know if she'd be able to let herself be caged again, no matter how gilded it was.

For now, Lisa had brought a lot of ice cream to their underground lair, which really looked more like a college dorm half the time, and she was determined to make up for lost time.

Plus, Regent loved the rocky road flavour and she was going to make sure the lazy bastard paid for kicking her ass at street fighter.

Dinah Lance (Black Canary)

"Is there a problem?" Midas asked calmly as she desperately went over her options.

There were a lot of guards here, and they still didn't know the true powers of Midas himself, but maybe it wasn't over just yet. Thinkers couldn't use their powers all the time because of the headaches, and he didn't seem on guard at all.

"Sorry, sir. I wasn't expecting such a powerful man like you to be the one to interview me," Dinah said to buy time, making him chuckle as he stood up and walked towards her.

"I like handling the interviews for the more… naturally gifted girls myself, call it a benefit of my station," Midas said as he stopped in front of her, one hand reaching up and gently groping her breast through her fishnet top as she forced herself not to react.

She was a whore, she wouldn't have a problem with someone groping her like this, and she knew there was a chance she'd have to do something like this, she just didn't expect it to be Midas himself.

"Mhmm~ lucky me, so how do these things usually go?" Dinah moaned, forcing down her desire to punch the villain playing with her tits.

"Ordinarily, the interviewer would have you pleasure them in a few different ways, to work out your skill level and which brothel you'd fit into best," Midas said calmly, tweaking her nipple as she moaned. "I prefer to do things a little differently, so here's what's going to happen. I'm going to do whatever I want to you, and you're going to be a good girl and let me, aren't you?"

She couldn't risk giving him a reason to suspect her, if Midas was here he'd probably brought one of his capes to be his bodyguard, and she was definitely outnumbered.

"Of course, sir, use me as much as you want~" Dinah moaned, forcing her indignity down as Midas smirked at her.

The new big bad villain was literally right in front of her, and she couldn't lay a finger on him.

"Kneel," Midas ordered, making her internally grimace. She'd been undercover before, this wasn't her first time pretending to be a hooker to get close to a target. She knew her looks were a powerful tool, but last time she'd just drugged the guy (an empire recruiter) and robbed his house to make it look like burglary so he'd been too embarrassed to tell anyone, which meant nobody noticed she'd copied his computers hard drive, and this time that wasn't an option.

Falling to her knees, she looked up at him with a lustful smirk.

As he undid his trousers, she barely needed to fake the awed gasp as his thick cock slapped against her face, nuzzling it slightly.

When she decided she wanted to be a hero, this wasn't what she had in mind, but the years of fighting the worst of Brockton had gotten rid of her childish naivety, she had to use every weapon she had to her advantage, and her body was just one of them.

"Open wide, and if I feel teeth I'm going to have to punish you, we don't want that now, do we?" Midas said as he gripped her hair, watching as she obediently parted her lips, not resisting as he grabbed his shaft and slowly slid it in, her overly applied lipstick leaving red stains as he did so.

Just play the part, she wanted to get close to Midas's operations and right now she couldn't be closer as she started to bob her head, running her tongue along Midas's fat cock.

The fact that Midas was as easily tempted by flesh as any man despite his gentlemanly persona was good information alone, but if she could actually get into his good graces, that'd be worth whatever she had to do to achieve it.

Oracle was struggling to get the information she needed, if she could feed Oracle info from next to Midas's side, they'd be in a much better situation to actually start countering him.

She, Cass and Ravager did a few small jobs, hitting Midas's men as they patrolled around and while they often won against his men, nobody would actually arrest them, and they'd be healed overnight.

They'd even managed to stop a transport of what seemed like the base materials for his Tinkers, but it didn't make a difference because they handed it over to the BBPD, and it was gone the next day.

Chances are Midas just bought it back instead of trying to raid the police station, and they'd just given the police some extra funding/pocket money. Great for them, but it meant that nothing they were doing was making a difference.

She followed his men collecting protection money and the shopkeepers were happy to pay, hell one of them was trying to introduce the man collecting the money to his daughter.

Even if they stopped the extortion, the people they were trying to protect would probably spit on their help. The fact was that the common people were happy under Midas, but that didn't lessen the threat that he represented.

None of them were naive enough to think Midas would remain in his territory, and with the League, his ability to empower capes, and-

He could upgrade capes, at a touch. Oracle believed he could tell what any cape's power was with a single touch.

And she had his dick in her mouth.

Looking up at him in a panic, the telling smirk on his face told her that she was right, he knew exactly who she was.

"Is there a problem, whore?" Midas asked as he gripped her hair, thrusting into her mouth. "Because that's what you are, isn't it? Just a whore, here to be used, right?" Midas taunted, thrusting into her mouth roughly as he forced her to deepthroat his cock.

So that was his game, if she played along and acted like a whore he'd pretend he didn't know.

She had no idea what kind of forces he had here, but if he knew what her power could do and was still so confident then she knew fighting wasn't an option.

So she let him fuck her face, playing the part she'd chosen, that of a whore.

He knew she wasn't, and she knew he knew, but she'd play it all the same if it could get her out of the mess she'd gotten herself into.

Gagging around the cock fucking her throat, she drooled onto her barely covered breasts as her makeup started to run, Midas's grip on her hair giving her nowhere to run as she was forced to kneel there and take it all.

She was no blushing virgin, but she was usually rather dominant in bed. Normally she was in charge and in control, but right now she had no control at all, she just had to let him have his way with her.

She was tempted to give a Canary Cry and wipe the smirk off his face, but she knew when she was cornered.

"Damn, your mouth feels good. I'm gonna paint your face with my seed, whore, and you're going to be a good girl and take it," Midas groaned as he pumped his hips, his length making her gags before he pulled back, stroking himself to completion as she forced herself to stay still, flinching back as his sticky, warm cum splattered against her face, already stained with runny makeup.

"Will that be all, s-sir?" Dinah asked, still on her knees as she looked up at him, seeing him smirk as he slapped his cock against her face.

"Do I look done, slut?" Midas asked, gripping her hair and pulling her up to her feet painfully. "You aren't finished here until I'm done with you, but a whore like you shouldn't mind that, right?" Midas asked, again baiting her to respond as she forced down her response.

"Of course not, sir~ what do you want me to do next?" Dinah asked in her sultriest voice, making him chuckle.

"On the bed, face down ass up, and pull those slutty little shorts down and spread your legs," Midas ordered as she moved towards the bed.

He wanted her to try and resist, but she'd not give him the satisfaction, or well… she'd have to give him a different kind of satisfaction as she bent over, slowly pulling her tiny jean shorts down her legs and exposing her wet pussy to him.

Hearing him move onto the bed, she braced herself as he spanked her ass harshly, a yelp leaving her that was quickly muffled as his hand gripped her hair again and forced her head into the covers.

He was treating her like the whore she was pretending to be, and as he slammed his hips forwards and bottomed out inside her, she could only moan lewdly.

She was glad the sheets muffled the sounds as he pounded her tight cunt, because right now she sounded as slutty as she looked.

Spanking her ass again and again, he pounded her into the bed with surprising strength. He wasn't your typical thinker who couldn't handle himself in a fight, that much was certain.

She could feel the power behind his thrusts, the force that he was pushing her face down with into the bed. He wasn't superhumanly strong, but he was certainly above average.

He took care of his body, and that just added to the threat he represented as she was well aware of what a well trained ordinary person could do. She did most of her fighting without using her Canary Cry, it was a little too strong to use on street-level thugs, she'd learnt that the hard way.

"You heroes are so naive, did you really think you could come into my territory and I wouldn't know about it?" Midas scoffed as he slammed his hips forwards, leaving her unable to respond as she moaned and whimpered. "I knew you were coming the moment you stepped into my territory, I know Ravager is sitting on a rooftop across the road pacing around as she debates trying to bust you out. Maybe I should have her join us, I don't think Slade would mind me teaching his daughter some discipline."

Ravager followed her? Damnit, she wanted to avoid that. She wasn't a team player, she'd be the first to admit that, and if Rose got caught trying to rescue her.

"Be a good girl and start moving those hips, don't just lay there like a dead fish, superslut," Midas ordered as she looked over her shoulder, his hand still pushing her head down as she glared at him.

"F-fuck you," Dinah bit out, even as she obeyed and moved her hips back in time to meet his thrusts.

"That's the plan, because no matter how much of a big bad heroine you are out there, in here you're just my personal cock-sleeve, a superpower cumdump," Midas mocked, spanking her ass. "You heroines never learn, and I'm done playing nice with you. You know what the Empire would do with you if they caught you in one of their businesses? Or what Lung would do to you?"

Kill her, because Lung didn't allow any 'disrespect' and more than a few independents had met their end at his hands, or the hands of his sociopathic right hand.

"But I'm a merciful king, letting you pay for your trespass with your body instead of your life," Midas said smugly. "Be a good girl and thank me, super slut."

This bastard-

"T-thank you, sir," Dinah spat out, her anger clear as she tried to force down another moan, mostly failing as she glowered back at him.

"That's it, remember this feeling, unable to do anything but spread your legs and hope I'm feeling merciful, because if I catch you in my territory again, I won't be so merciful," Midas grunted as he sped up, he wasn't going to pull out.

She had to bend over like a good girl and let him creampie her pussy, flooding her womb with his seed, and she couldn't even do anything to stop it.

She wouldn't forget this feeling, that much was sure.

It wasn't the pleasure, Midas's unfortunately well-endowed cock pumping into her, the feeling of his cum flooding her cunt and drying on her face, it was the feeling of utter powerlessness as she let him have his way with her, using her body for his pleasure. It was how degrading it was to be reduced to his plaything that she'd remember.

If he thought this would stop her from fighting him, he was wrong. All he was doing was making his inevitable defeat all the sweeter.

As he pulled out of her, she could feel his cum dripping out of her cunt and down her leg as she turned around, laying on her back and staring up at the smirking villain.

"Y-you're still hard," Dinah gulped, her eyes lingering on his cock.

"And you aren't leaving until I'm soft, so you better get to work. I'm using those tits next, lay back and push them together," Midas ordered as she glared up at him.

Even as she gave him a venomous glare, her hands obeyed and did as he demanded, watching as he pulled her fishnet top up just enough to slip his cock under it and between her tits.

Later

Her clothes ruined, her skin stained and her holes leaking his cum, she watched his cock finally go soft, letting out a tired sigh of relief.

She couldn't even bring the energy to be angry as she stood up on shaky legs, staring into his eyes.

"I can leave now, r-right?" Dinah asked, making him chuckle, for a moment she was convinced he was going to go back on his word now that she was so tired, but with a casual grin he nodded.

"That was the deal, I need you to be my messenger for Oracle anyway," Midas said as he went to his desk and pulled out a usb stick, passing it to her. "Get a shower, get dressed then get the fuck out of my territory. If I catch you again, I'm keeping you," Midas said simply, slapping her ass as she gave him a half hearted glare.

"You won't catch me again," Dinah said, her voice hoarse from her moans and screams. Scion, she wished he had a tiny dick he was overcompensating for.

"Heh, we'll see," Midas laughed, noticing her wording. "By all means, feel free to come back for a repeat, super slut. Oh, before I forgot-" Midas said, pulling out a stack of notes and tossing them at you. "Your payment, feel free to give me a call if you get bored of the heroics, my brothels will always have a place for you."

As she stormed past him into the bathroom, she hated that she hesitated, thinking about walking over the stack of bills, it looked like a few grand minimum and heroics didn't pay.

Barbara Gordon (Oracle)

"You were right, happy?" Dinah said, arms crossed over her breasts as she stared her down, the rest of the Birds watching.

"Of course not, I'd have loved to be wrong, but you're here and not captured, so I assume at least something went right?" Barbara replied calmly, making Dinah sigh.

"I was made before I even stepped through the front door, he definitely already knew my identity, I was taken aside and… interviewed. Once he was done, he gave me this to give to you and told me to fuck off," Dinah said, passing over the usb stick which she plugged in, making sure to isolate the system so it couldn't infect anything if it was a trap.

"Harder! Fuck me harder you golden bastard."

"Oh that piece of-" Dinah growled as the video started auto-playing on her large screen, for them all to see.

Dinah on her back, legs wrapped around the waist of the person filming this pov porno as they fucked her.

"Interviewed, huh?" Rose asked, looking over at the glaring Dinah.

"Look, I was disguised as a hooker, and I didn't realise he knew who I was until it was too late. I could play along and act like the whore I was dressed as, or try and fight my way out and probably get captured," Dinah said with a scowl.

"Fair enough, you do what you have to do. Saw at least two dozen armed guards around the brothel, probably a cape or two nearby as well," Rose agreed, giving her a nod.

"I knew the risks, was there anything else on that stick or did he just do it to humiliate me?" Dinah asked.

"Clearly he has a camera in his mask, but yes there was more. He probably wanted you to know he had this video, blackmail to keep you out of his affairs," Barbara said, starting the second video.

"Hello, Oracle and friends. I'm a busy man so I'm going to be brief, I'm getting bored of the repeated attempts to rescue Huntress, even if your little Canary's attempts were more entertaining than anything else, so I have an offer for you. I have a job that needs doing, nothing illicit, quite heroic actually. Do that, and I'll release Huntress from her cage. Alternatively, I'll release her if either Cassandra Cain or Rose Wilson takes her place. If the time limit on the job I want you to do expires, Huntress will be moved out of Brockton to one of my international bases, far outside of your reach. The choice is yours," Midas said, the video cutting off.

"Shit," Rose said simply, making Barbara nod.

Cassandra's hands moved quickly, as Barbara nodded

"I agree, the only thing separating you two from the rest is your criminal parents," Barbara said with a scowl.

"Of fucking course, my daddy dearest is working for the League, either Slade wants me back or Midas wants something to keep him in line," Rose said with a scowl.

"And if Midas is in contact with the League of Shadows, things could become very dangerous very quickly. Lady Shiva alone has a body count in the triple digits, if she's coming to Brockton to find Cass…" Barbara trailed off, rewatching the video as she focused on his face, reading as much as she could.

Cass's rapid sign language made her nod.

"Agreed, if your mother knew where you were, she'd be here already. He probably hasn't made contact yet, he wants a bargaining chip against her, against the League of Shadows." Barbara agreed, her face paling at the idea of the League of Shadows joining the chaos that was Brockton.

If there was a more dangerous group of sociopaths and killers, she didn't know of them.

"So what's this job he wants us doing?" Dinah asked.

"He wants us to disrupt an ABB operation… transporting captured women and girls to a new brothel they are opening, plus a lot of drugs they're moving for their… 'clientele'," Barbara said with a scowl.

"Great, that's exactly what we should be doing. So what's the catch?" Rose asked with a sardonic laugh.

"We're a distraction, Midas is getting ready to move against the ABB," Barbara said, realising the plan immediately.

"So, we either play along and help Midas get even stronger, or ignore this and let a load of women get forced into slavery? Plus, Huntress disappears and we'll probably never track her down? Have I mentioned I really don't like Thinkers? No offence," Dinah grumbled.

"None taken, I don't particularly like dancing to his strings either," Barbara said, before she smirked slightly. "But I think we can use this, give me some time to make a few calls."

"It's your show, just remember that if we double cross him, it's Huntress who'll pay," Rose said, making her smile.

"Midas has one main redeeming trait. He keeps his word, if we do the job he should release her, even if he doesn't get what he wants out of it," Barbara said calmly.

All she had to do was make sure that Midas's own operation was disrupted while they were disrupting the ABB, and Prophet was certainly right about one thing.

Wonder Woman didn't take losing well.

Helena Bertinelli (Huntress)

Sitting on her comfy bed, she looked around the bland room with a growing sense of unease.

Something was going to happen, and she had no idea what.

Still, the wait was killing her, Midas had put her into her new room and immediately left without even taking her up on her offer for sexual favours, and that concerned her.

She couldn't help but feel like a puppet dancing in the palm of his hand, with no idea how to cut her strings.

For now, she'd just bide her time… like she had any other choice.

Jin Yukimura (Midas/Prophet)

Chuckling, I put the finishing touches on my first piece of Tinkertech, grinning to myself in an unexpected kind of pride.

I thought long and hard over what to make first, but with my first 'Midas-Owned' business opening up soon the choice became rather clear.

You see, I have an advantage no other Tinkers except possibly Dragon has, maintenance isn't a problem for me.

Because my technician minions are made to fix and maintain the things I make, which means as long as I have enough of them they'll keep my gear running without me needing to dedicate most of my time to maintenance.

So using my tech in my businesses is a viable strategy to make money, and where better to start than the wonderful world of Cyberpunk 2077.

You see, there's one piece of tech that truly interested me when I played that buggy game, BDs.

Brain Dances, recorded memories and sensations that could be played back allowing the viewer to feel everything the 'actor' felt.

I've had to adapt the tech to make it work with less augmented people, almost everyone in Cyberpunk is heavily augmented after all, but I believe I've finished my very first BD recorder.

"So, how does this work?" White Rabbit asks as she puts the small piece of tech onto her head.

I actually combined my Tinker powers to make this work, because the BD recorder is a spy'ies, wet dreams to be able just walk through a location and then go over the memories with a fine-tooth comb, so I could use my spy tech specialisation to make the the BD recorder much smaller and more discreet.

"It's simple, my dear. It's already recording, I want you to go and do what you do best, rob something and get people to chase you, it's the thrill of the chase I want to record, the adrenaline that comes with leaping from rooftop to rooftop, and when you get back I'm going to fuck you into a coma," I say simply, I'm glad it doesn't seem to mind Rabbit not being quite real.

"Ooh, promises promises," Rabbit teased, turning and shaking her sexy little ass at me. "One chase, coming right up boss. Should be easy enough."

"That's the hope, remember to have fun, the more you enjoy it the better the material will be," I say as I watch her go.

"Oh, don't worry about that, having fun is what I do best."

Chuckling to myself, I turn back to my second project.

There was another thing that truly interested me in the wonderful Night City, a pair of twins that used cybernetic augmentations to become one person, one mind, two bodies.

Looking over my designs, I get back to work with a smile.

This city has no idea about the storm that's heading it's way, I'm going to drag this shithole into the future, whether they want it or not.

And may Scion help those who get in my way.

Bonus Scene - Sarah Pelham (Lady Photon/Photon Mom)

"I can't believe you talked me into this," Sarah said with a sigh as she glanced at her mischievous daughter, making Crystal giggle as they got ready.

"You said it yourself, our family could do with the extra money and you saw how much I earnt in a single night," Crystal said with a carefree shrug, making her sigh. "Plus, dad doesn't mind so it's not like you're doing anything wrong."

"I suppose so, it still feels rather wrong," Sarah uttered as she looked over at where Prophet, or Jin as she now knew him, was fiddling with the camera.

She'd been angry when she'd seen Crystal's photo shoot, before she'd listened to Crystal's reasoning and seen the effects itself.

Crystal and Vicky's reputations hadn't been damaged, instead they'd been improved rather considerably, beyond the obvious overjoyed fanboys (and girls).

Plus the money rolling into Crystal's bank was nothing to sneeze at. Even if Crystal spent it as fast as it came in, buying a rather nice car with her cut.

That wasn't mentioning the modelling offer Crystal had gotten, Victoria's Secret wanting a set of photos of her modelling their lingerie (which she'd accepted on the demand that her current photographer was the one taking the pictures).

It wasn't the money she was doing this for though, New Wave's reputation had never been hit so many times in such a short amount of time and the latest scandal had hit close to home, whether the accusations were true or not.

"You realise how many boys and men have likely touched themselves to those pictures?" Sarah pointed out, making Crystal laugh.

"Mom, we both wear skin-tight outfits. The only thing that changed is that less people have tried to sneak a picture of me changing at college because the photos would be worth much less now. Trust me, hordes of men have beaten their meat to me, Vicky, you and literally any other female hero," Crystal said with a roll of her eyes.

"I didn't need that image in my head," Sarah sighed, making Crystal giggle again as she went up to Jin, saying something to him as she practically hung off his arm.

That was another thing she was somewhat worried about, her daughter's relationship with an older man, but Crystal was more mature than she acted and she wasn't the type to allow herself to be taken advantage of.

Carol had left his relationship with Vicky alone simply because it benefited them, even if she wouldn't say it out loud, but the idea that this new hero was fucking her daughter and niece on a regular basis meant she at least wanted to meet the man who was defiling her daughter.

She wasn't like Neil, deliberately oblivious to Crystal's… hobbies, and she was well aware of the fact that her daughter was no innocent virgin (not that she could talk as she wasn't at her age either), and she wasn't so overbearing as to forbid Crystal from her friends with benefits relationship with Jin, even if she didn't particularly like it.

"Are you ready, Mrs Pelham?" Jin asked politely, making her smile despite her thoughts. She'd heard from her friends in the PRT that Prophet was an arrogant Thinker who'd angered Director Piggot considerably, but she'd found him to be a well-mannered gentleman so far.

"Please, I'm going to be talking my clothes off for you in a moment, I think we're past the point of last names, Jin. Call me Sarah," She joked to lessen her nervousness, she'd never actually modelled before, and had no idea how this would go.

"As you wish, Sarah. And don't worry, this will be relatively painless, I can learn any skill at an incredibly accelerated rate and I spent some time mastering photography and modelling, I can guide you despite your inexperience," Jin said soothingly, making her chuckle.

"Ahh, Thinkers. Has anyone told you how unnerving that is?" Sarah said with a smile, making him shrug.

"Mom, even I can see you're nervous. Don't worry, Jin's a pro. Still, if you need to relax maybe you should get him to give you a massage, he's got magic hands," Crystal suggested, making Jin roll his eyes.

"That's the power of being able to learn any skill combined with being a Noctis cape, I have a lot of time, I don't forget things and I can master skills overnight," Jin said, not quite bragging as he simply stated the facts.

"Quite the combination, I think it's fair to say you won the power lottery," Sarah complimented, making him chuckle.

"That I did," Jin said as he put the camera back on its tripod. "I'm ready when you girls are."

"I suppose there's no point delaying this any more," Sarah agreed before she paused. "My underwear remains on, is that clear?" she asked in her sternest voice, making Jin nod easily.

"Of course, it's your shoot, you two decide how far this goes," Jin agreed calmly, not even phased as she relaxed slightly.

"Then let's get this over with."

Later

How the hell did she let her own daughter talk her into taking her bra off?!

With an arm over her chest, she looked down at the laptop as Jin flicked through the pictures so far, not putting her clothes back on yet since they might be taking more pictures.

"Not that one, you can see my nipple," Sarah said quickly, watching as Jin casually deleted the offending picture of her in just her purple panties, the sexiest pair she owned. "Or that one, Crystal breasts aren't covered."

What the hell was her life now? The only way she'd agreed was if they made sure her nipples weren't seen on camera.

"That's fine," Crystal said easily, hugging Jin from behind as she pressed her naked chest against his back.

"No, it's not. I get final say on the pictures, that was the agreement," Sarah said scoldingly, making Crystal shrug easily. "Ugh, not that one either."

"Why? That's a great one," Crystal said immediately, making her blush slightly.

"Crystal, we look like we are about to kiss," Sarah said bluntly, glancing back at the picture of her and her daughter face to face.

"So? It'll drive people wild," Crystal said, making her glare slightly at her carefree daughter. "Ugh, fine. Delete it, such a prude."

"I'm in my panties in a room with my topless daughter and a stranger looking over pictures of our naked bodies, a prude wouldn't have found themselves in this situation,." arah muttered.

"Crystal, your mother has final say, this is her show," Jin scolded slightly, making Crystal roll her eyes. "Be a good girl and behave."

"Yeah, yeah, you can spank me later for being a bad girl," Crystal joked, making him roll his eyes even as Sarah gave him a thankful look.

He never made this uncomfortable, even as she took her bra off his eyes remained on her face, never straying and for that she was incredibly thankful.

Going over the rest, she picked a few of the lewdest to delete and sighed.

"Is that enough?" Sarah asked, making Jin nod.

"It is, I have some editing to do later, but we have an ample amount of pictures," Jin agreed as she smiled.

"Then if you don't mind, I'd like to put my clothes back on," Sarah joked.

"Not yet! You haven't had a massage," Crystal said immediately, making her pause and roll her eyes.

"I don't think I need one, and I'm sure you're wanting your own massage," Sarah said bluntly, happy to make Crystal blush, if only for a second as she was caught off guard by the joke.

"No seriously, are you saying you aren't even slightly curious about a Thinker-enhanced massage? We both know all the recent drama has been stressing you out, so what's the harm in having Jin try and work some of it out for you," Crystal argued, making her sigh.

"If Sarah isn't comfortable with the idea, it'd just do more harm than good," Jin said calmly, making her frown.

"No, it's fine. She won't shut up about it if I don't at least give it a try, I have no idea where she got her stubbornness from," Sarah said with a sigh.

It wasn't like she was uncomfortable with Jin, he'd been a consummate professional so far, despite Crystal's flirting.

"You won't regret it, in fact I think you'll be saying 'wow Crystal, you were completely right! Let me unground you as thanks'," Crystal said cheerfully, Jin chuckling slightly as he closed his laptop. "I'll even let you go first, mine is going to be a bit more in-depth, you know? A bit of a deep tissue massage, hitting all the important spots."

"Must you be so crude?" Sarah sighed, making Crystal giggle as she gave Jin a kiss and moved away.

"Yes, Jin I'll be in your office with your good whiskey, have fun with my mom's body!" Crystal said as she left, giggling.

"There is something very wrong with that girl," Jin mumbled, making her laugh in agreement.

"You aren't wrong, but let's get this over with. I hope you're as good as she says," Sarah said, almost teasingly as she watched him stand up.

"I only hope I can live up to your expectations," Jin deadpanned back. "New Wave's unofficial masseur has to be the best after all."

"Ha, you're not wrong. If anyone needs a massage, it's Carol, but I wouldn't want to be the person to try and convince her of that," Sarah said, giving a longing look to her clothes as they headed to a different room, obviously set aside for massages given the massage bed in the middle.

"You'd know better than me, please lie down on your front," Jin said as he went to the cabinet, pulling out a bottle of oil before hesitating. "This oil is rather difficult to get out of clothing…" he trailed off as she paused, getting his meaning.

"I- oh what does it matter at this point," Sarah muttered, shimmying her panties down before she yelped slightly as Jin grabbed them and pulled them all the way down so she didn't have to get up, leaving her well aware that he could probably see her pussy clearly.

His view was promptly blocked as he put a small towel over her backside, giving her a modicum of privacy.

As he started to put the oil on her back, she shivered at the cold liquid before a moan left her as his hands started to do their work.

Oh fuck.

"Hmm, and I thought Vicky was stressed," Jin muttered as he kneaded her back, whimpers and moans of pleasure filling the room. "Just relax, it's just a massage."

"T-things have been awkward at home lately, I'm sure you've heard the rumours," Sarah whimpered, trying to ignore the pleasure she was feeling.

"About your husband? I have. Crystal asked me to look into them, or to quote her 'use your big thinker brain to see if they're telling the truth'," Jin said calmly as her eyes shot open.

Several women had come out and accused Neil of inappropriate conduct, usually using his position to take advantage of fangirls. It was just one at first, claiming that Neil had made innuendos at her after saving her and talked her into meeting up with him afterwards, pressuring her into sleeping with him. But then more and more had come forward with similar stories and it had been a massive blow to their reputation, even with Neil denying them all.

Crystal seemed to believe them, refusing to talk to her father, and she'd asked a Thinker to look into them?

"Did you?" Sarah asked, her mind off her massage even as he worked his way up her legs. "A part of me wants to claim it's some villains plot, that they're all mastered, but-"

"I did, and I do think it's a villain's plot. Midas's to be exact, but unfortunately that doesn't make it entirely untruthful. As far as I can tell, a lot of them are just attention seekers jumping onto the train, and the woman who is claiming her baby is Neil's is lying, she had a one night stand and doesn't remember who it was with, she just wants a payout," Jin started as she listened with rapt attention.

"You think Midas is involved?" Sarah asked, Jin was a neutral, with no stake in the drama and accusations, and he was an information broker. He was a good source of information, even if she might not like his words.

"I do, but I think some might be telling the truth as well. The first girl seems to be telling the truth, and she isn't mastered as far as I can tell. A few of the others seem to be the same, most going back years. I think Midas just tracked them down and convinced them to come out with their stories, then stoked the fires. Lies would get uncovered with me here, and it'd make him look bad if he got caught spreading lies about heroes. The trust hurts more than any fiction could, and Midas knows how to weaponize it," Jin admitted as she rolled over to look at him, his eyes never even flickering down to her exposed breasts as she stared up at him.

"Can you find out for sure? I don't have the money to pay a Thinker information broker's prices but I'll owe you a favour, or several," Sarah said seriously, making Jin smile gently as he started applying the oil to her front.

"I can, and don't worry about the price, we'll just say you owe me one for later," Jin said, rubbing the oil into her stomach. "I'll get back to you soon, but for now just relax, take your mind off your troubles and the outside world for a while." Jin advised as she sighed, she wanted to believe Neil was innocent but-

No, Jin was right, she'd just have to wait and see, stressing wouldn't help.

As Jin worked his way up her body, her eyes shot open as his hands cupped her breasts and started to massage the oil into them.

A frankly lewd moan slipped out of her as he caressed her breasts, making him freeze as he pulled his hands away.

"My apologies, I'm used to massaging Vicky and Crystal," Jin said, making her pause before she laughed quietly.

"I can see why they think so highly of your skills, but it's just a massage right?" Sarah said, giving him a small smile before she closed her eyes and laid back again, feeling his hands gently cup her breasts again.

It was just a massage, even as another moan slipped out as his fingers brushed against her nipple.

She had no idea what she'd do if Jin, or Prophet in this situation, confirmed the rumours as truth, New Wave couldn't afford the bad PR that would follow a divorce, and she wouldn't lie and say she and Neil hadn't had more than a few rough patches.

Jin didn't move away from her breasts, but she didn't reprimand him for it as she moaned and whimpered quietly, sheer pleasure flooding her body.

As he moved to her legs, she was almost disappointed at the lack of touch, but that was quickly replaced with hesitation as he made his way up to her upper thighs, his hands slipping slightly under the towel covering her pussy as he gave her a questioning look.

It was just a massage, right?

Pulling the towel aside, she laid back down and closed her eyes again as he got back to work, his fingers brushing against the side of her shaven mound, rubbing against her pussy lips without ever quite touching her directly.

"Mhmm" Sarah moaned, feeling her orgasm building as Jin skilfully manipulated her body. If he tried to actually touch her pussy she'd stop him, but for now it was just a massage.

"Relax, you deserve to enjoy yourself," Jin chuckled.

She did, didn't she?

A couple of minutes later, she shuddered as a low moan left her full lips, her face flushed as she looked up at the man who'd just massaged her to orgasm.

"Turn over please, I need to work on your back more," Jin said calmly, unphased by her lewd sounds, or the stickiness between her thighs that wasn't oil.

Rolling over to hide her embarrassment, she barely reacted as his hands started to grope her supple backside, just closing her eyes as she let him have his way with her body.

Waking up on the bed later, she blushed in remembrance of the lewd sounds and repeated climaxes Jin had dragged out of her, but as she stood up she couldn't deny she felt a lot lighter, a weight lifted off her shoulders as she got dressed.

Opening the door, she immediately closed it again as she heard a far lewder moan come from a different room.

"H-harder, fuck your little super-slut!"

Sitting down on the seat in the massage room, she tried to block out her daughter's pleasured moans and dirty talk, and when they checked on her later, she couldn't leave fast enough, unable to look Crystal in the eyes.

Getting a promise to look into things from Neil, she left Jin's building in a strangely happier mood than she'd entered.

"You know, massaging you really got him going. I'll have to get him to do it again if he's gonna fuck me that hard afterwards," Crystal said bluntly, making her miss a step as she sighed.

Did Crystal have to be so crude about it? It was just a massage. One she wouldn't mind a repeat of.

Jin Yukimura (Midas/Prophet)

If someone is willing to cheat once, they'll cheat again.

I couldn't expose Neil being Vicky's father, not without betraying Amy's trust, but she gave me a very useful puzzle piece in destroying New Wave, Neil's indiscretions were pretty hard to drag into the light.

Or they would be if I didn't have an entire division dedicated to finding out this kind of thing.

Just another nail in the coffin I've been building for New Wave.

Author's Note: Jin's [Would you kindly] power never said it had to be the same phrase for everyone, and calling Photon Mom a good girl would raise eyebrows.

I held a vote for the next chapter on discord, Supervillain beat Freedom so here you go. It'll probably be Freedom or Sorcerer next, or maybe a bonus chapter for Vampire I had an idea about.
"Sanity and happiness are an impossible combination."
― Mark Twain

​
My Discord, come here for porn and also sometimes fics: https://discord.gg/wd3tUYWVCd

My Patreon, I promise to spend any money given to me irresponsibly: https://www.patreon.com/TheDarkWolfShiro​
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Joel Fischoff, high, Torlok and 1,177 others
The Dark Wolf Shiro
Sep 30, 2021
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 20: Master of Puppets
View content
The Dark Wolf Shiro
The Dark Wolf Shiro
Everyone Hail to the Pumpkin King
JoinedApr 1, 2019
Messages9,336
Likes received960,957
Feb 18, 2022
Add bookmark
#3,524
Disclaimer: I own nothing but my own original characters and works, if you recognise it from somewhere else, surprise it isn't mine.
Betad by morde24, OoalGown, Hermes, and TheDonFluffles


The Guild of Gamers: The Supervillain
Chapter 20: Master of Puppets

— Rose Wilson (Ravager) —

Rose wasn't sure about all this. She knew Thinkers, and while Oracle thought she'd figured out Midas's game, Rose didn't buy it.

Midas had access to countless villains, including her father, and she wasn't sure they could count on him being so easily outmanoeuvred.

But she also wasn't going to let the ABB force a bunch of new girls into their brothels, even if she was pretty sure Midas just wanted to get rid of the competition.

With the Merchants gone, the ABB and the Golden Syndicate had the monopoly on prostitution, and if they interrupted the ABB's sex trade then Midas could take over entirely.

But Midas's brothels were full of happy and willing girls, getting paid well and treated better, according to Black Canary's report, while the ABB's brothels were full of kidnapped sex slaves, or girls whose families fell into debt.

Sure, Midas was using them, but she wasn't going to complain about a chance to strike a blow to the ABB's sex trade.

Waiting in position, she smiled slightly as she heard Oracle warn them about the trucks carrying the girls into ABB territory. The new girl, Starfire had blown up their main brothel when she triggered (with massive casualties, both ABB and civilian). The ABB had needed to resort to getting girls from outside Brockton to replace their whores.

She didn't want to think about how they'd gathered so many, but Oracle suspected Lung had paid another gang to procure girls for him.

Seeing the two trucks heading down the road they were watching, she nodded towards Cass and Black Canary. This would be easier with Huntress, but she was probably riding a massive golden cock right now and had bigger things to worry about.

Heh, at least judging from the video of Midas dicking down Black Canary, big was definitely the right word for it.

They couldn't risk doing anything too dangerous to the trucks, not with the girls still inside them, but stopping a truck wasn't even a challenge for her after all the training she had gone through with her father. Leaping down from her hiding place, she easily landed on the hood of the first truck, giving the Asian man in the driver's seat a cocky grin as she plunged her sword through the windscreen, kicking the glass in as she reached in and grabbed the man. Her grin widened as she spotted an ABB tattoo on his neck, and she pulled him out and tossed him off to the side as the truck started to slow. She jumped in through the broken windscreen, kicking the man in the passenger seat in the head before he could even react, as she seated herself on the driver's seat and slammed the brakes.

Opening the driver's door, she jumped out and smirked, seeing Cass do the same to the second truck, giving the younger girl a nod.

She was almost certain Cass had very similar training to her, which was definitely something she needed to talk to her about.

Things were going pretty well, especially as she got in the back of her truck and opened it up, seeing dozens of bound women staring back at her in fear (and some with growing hope), ranging from middle-aged to girls who probably hadn't even hit puberty yet. Not a single ABB thug in sight, but it wasn't that surprising. Having a bunch of armed men following you meant you had something you needed to protect after all, so security through obscurity was a common tactic.

Things were going so well she wasn't even remotely surprised when everything went to shit.

Her well-honed danger senses screamed at her to move as she barely dodged the large and extremely nasty looking knife thrusting towards her neck, turning to face the all-too-familiar red demon mask.

Slicing at Oni Lee with her sword, she could only thank her lucky stars that he apparently understood the fact that his gang needed the girls in the truck because she knew Oni Lee's usual tactic would be to just blow her up as he teleported again, even as she plunged her sword into his chest, watching him turn to ash.

Apparently the ABB hadn't entirely relied on obscurity as a few cars filled with ABB thugs arrived, they were probably taking a different path that would keep them close to the trucks.

Of course, before they could get out of the cars Black Canary unleashed a Cry and sent one of the cars flying back down the road, even as Cass rushed towards the others, which left her to fight Lee.

Well, she'd never been one to back down from a challenge.

— Dinah Lance (Black Canary) —

The ABB had numbers, but they were mostly untrained thugs who relied on brute force to win their fights, and as she threw another one over her shoulder she turned towards where Ravager was fighting Oni Lee, and actually holding her own.

It was easy to forget she was Deathstroke's apprentice when she was being laid back and snarky, but watching Ravager decapitate one of Lee's clones reminded her real fast.

As Oni Lee reappeared once more, she let out a Cry and sent the suicide bomber flying, hopefully actually hitting the real one as Ravager immediately pounced onto him, slashing at the belt holding his grenades and tossing it away.

Lee immediately teleported again, but they knew about his power and as he reappeared he was missing his grenade belt, she could almost feel his glare beneath the mask.

She didn't think Oni Lee would risk blowing up the girls, but he was also borderline insane at best.

As Cass proved that a hero with League of Assassins training was more than a match for a bunch of untrained thugs, she smirked.

Now they just had to take down Oni Lee, no pressure, right?

Rising, Lee paused as he tilted his head for a moment, before turning to ash again as he vanished, leaving the three of them looking around in caution.

Oni Lee didn't just run away.

Spotting something out of the corner of her eye, she dodged out of the way as a fireball flew past her, smashing into the building behind her as she froze as she watched a shirtless man in an ornate steel mask walk towards her, anger in his eyes.

"Burn," Lung said with an uncharacteristically calm tone, and as she was so focused on the incredible threat in front of her, she failed to hear the footsteps behind her.

Feeling a sharp pain in her side, she turned in shock, seeing a floating knife covered in her blood.

"I'm sorry," a quiet feminine voice whispered, even as the knife slashed at her again, making her stumble back in pain.

She'd heard that the ABB had an invisible Cape but they'd never confirmed it beyond rumours. At least they can confirm it now, she just wished the evidence was less painful.

Turning back to see Lung, already rapidly growing as he charged towards Ravager and Cassandra, she clutched her bleeding side and let out a Cry, striking the dragon and sending him flying into one of the surrounding buildings that she could only pray was empty, fires already starting to spread as Lung roared in anger.

As Lung, already a foot taller, pried himself out of the wreckage, she silently admitted they'd bitten off more than they could chew.

In the back of her mind, she wondered if this was all a part of Midas's scheme, to get rid of them before they could get in his way.

"Gunna kill 'ou," Lung growled, his transforming mouth warping his words as he created a ball of fire in each hand, glaring at them, scales already starting to form on his body.

Clutching her side, she spotted the knife on the floor, abandoned by the invisible cape who was probably still lurking around here somewhere.

Three of them against Lee seemed winnable, but against Lung, when she was injured? That certainly didn't seem so possible.

As Lung tossed one of the fireballs at her, she winced as she tried to dodge, her wound hindering her movement.

Watching the ground in front of her rise to form a barricade, black energy radiating off it, her eyes widened as she looked around, none of them could do that.

Spotting a figure floating above them, cloaked in a deep purple cape she frowned in confusion, not recognising the newcomer.

"Oracle sent me, get the girls and get out of here. You'll just get in my way," the girl said, her tone completely flat as her arms rose, black energy coating her grey hands.

"Listen to Raven, extract the girls so they aren't caught in the crossfire, plus you need to get that wound bandaged," Oracle ordered in her ear, even as Dinah heard the worry she was trying to suppress.

She didn't blame the younger girl, after all…

Why the hell was Lung protecting the shipment himself?

Looking back at the other Birds, they nodded as Ravager jumped into the first truck and started it up; they needed to get the girls away from Lung asap.

Glancing back at the hooded figure, the grey-skinned girl nodded to her briefly before she went back to fighting Lung, wrapping him in black energy and flinging him down the road, away from them.

It didn't feel good, but she knew her limits and Lung was so far beyond them it wasn't even funny.

— Barabara Gordon (Oracle) —

She'd anticipated the risk of Oni Lee or any of the ABB's newer capes trying to protect the shipment, but none of her plans counted on Lung himself showing up.

The Dragon of Brockton Bay had been laying low lately, and he didn't usually play protection for his shipments, especially not something as replaceable as girls, horrible as that sentence was. Poor people were a resource of which America had entirely too many, after all. He could replace these, it'd just take time and money.

Did Midas predict this? That was the problem she was faced with, she was a combat thinker going against a possible pre-cog, she'd always be at the disadvantage.

She needed Raven to buy the others time to get away, but it might be too much to ask Raven to fight Lung alone, even just for a while.

She needed to get Wonder Woman to assist, which meant risking letting Midas's men accomplish whatever it was they were trying to achieve.

She'd recruited the help of New Wave to assist Wonder Woman and Wonder Girl, but she didn't want to take any chances against Midas, not when he had the League of Villains under his control.

Changing her camera to see if Midas's men had shown up yet, her eyes widened as she saw the fighting ongoing.

She was right about someone trying to take advantage of the chaos they'd cause to make a move on the ABB territory, but why in Scion's name was the Empire 88 getting involved?

Watching Wonder Woman fight Kaiser himself as Glory Girl and a Wonder Girl battled Fenja and Menja, she realised she'd been severely outplayed.

She could also see Cricket, Rune, Alabaster and Stormtiger in the mix, fighting ten various members of New Wave.

To make things worse, Oni Lee had somehow gotten there already, with Red Kitsune and Dabi following behind as they attacked both the heroes and villains intruding on their territory.

If the Empire had shown up there, where the hell was Midas and his men?

Quickly checking every traffic cam around his territory, she frowned as she found nothing. Not so much as a single unmarked van, Midas and the Golden Syndicate didn't seem to be doing anything.

"Oracle, Lung is getting too big for me to handle," Raven reported, her tone still entirely calm as she fought the dragon, who was growing at an alarming rate. "At least not without some serious collateral damage."

"Can you get away?" Barbara asked immediately, Raven paused briefly.

The general strategy to deal with Lung was to either blitz him before he could grow too much, or run when he had. It was too late to take him down now, he'd grown too much, so she needed to get out of there.

"Yes, but he'd go after the others," Raven said finally as she winced, that was right. They'd had to drive deeper into Lung's territory, and they hadn't managed to escape yet. "I'll keep him busy, but I'm going to need help soon."

"Understood. Everyone else is already fighting but I'll get Wonder Woman to—" Barbara started before the camera Raven was wearing caught a flash of green, and the now easily ten-foot-tall Lung was blasted off his feet by several bolts of emerald light.

— Rachel Roth (Raven) —

If she'd known repaying her favour to Oracle would require fighting Lung, she might have been less willing to help out.

Not because she was worried for herself, she hadn't even been touched yet as she dodged another wave of flames, a black energy barrier around her protecting her from the fires radiating off the dragon, but because of the sheer collateral damage.

Lung wasn't even trying to not destroy the surroundings at this point, uncaring that it was his own territory he was burning to the ground. She tried not to think about how many people were inside the burning buildings, she didn't have time to think about that when she had to dodge the enraged dragon's attacks, hopefully everyone had already fled the area when the fighting started.

The occasional scream or cry for help shot that hope down, but as she threw more black bolts at him, a small voice in the back of her head pointed out that Lung, even ramped up like this, was far weaker than her father, and she couldn't even take him down.

She was keeping him at bay, but her blasts were barely even scratching his scales anymore, and anything stronger he healed from in seconds at most.

So when the green bolts of energy sent him flying, blasting some of his scales off, her eyes widened slightly in surprise, glancing at where they were coming from.

Spotting the frowning girl with orange skin and glowing green eyes, she momentarily made eye contact with the other girl, making her smile briefly.

"Hello, friend! We have come to assist!" the girl in the short purple skirt and top said cheerfully, making her blink.

"We?" Raven asked, looking around as she spotted a masculine figure in a black and white outfit approaching, the white hood of his coat pulled up over a black skin-tight face mask, a purple emblem with a white eye in the middle of it on his forehead.

As the man gestured for her to come to him, she paused for a moment before she flew down to him. She was pretty sure they weren't sent here by Oracle, but she wasn't in a position to turn her nose up at reinforcements.

"We don't have much time, every second wasted let's Lung get stronger. I'm Prophet, and I have a plan to stop Lung," the stranger said, making her pause before she nodded.

"Fine, what do you need me to do?" Raven asked, she'd vaguely heard of Prophet but she didn't think he was the type of cape to take to the field himself.

"I can stop his growth, and hopefully even make him shrink, but I need to get close enough to touch him," Prophet claimed, making her nod.

"I can hold him in place, for a moment at least." Raven agreed, turning back to where the Orange skinned girl was flying around Lung, seemingly untouched by the flames even as they licked her body, her outfit catching fire.

"A moment is all I need," Prophet said, and she could hear the smirk in his tone as he turned to the fight himself. "But I'm not made for combat, I can withstand the flames but Lung could swat me like a fly. I'll need you and Starfire for that,"

"I'll get you that opening," Raven said. She didn't know if he could do what he said he could, but he was supposed to be some major thinker/trump and no thinker would willingly come this close to a raging Lung without a plan.

She was willing to trust him, simply because his plan put him in far more danger than it did anyone else.

Flying back to Lung, she watched as he swung at Starfire, missing thanks to her speed as she literally flew circles around him.

Calling on her telekinesis, she grabbed the rubble of the surrounding buildings and pulled, sending them all flying at Lung as Starfire flew up and away, Prophet following behind at a more human pace.

He had to have some kind of Brute power, he wouldn't survive the heat Lung was currently putting off otherwise, but he didn't seem to be particularly fast and from his words, he wasn't supernaturally tough either.

If she messed up, he'd probably die. Anyone else might have panicked from that, but she'd long since learnt to control her emotions.

As Lung burst out of the rubble, flames blasting in every direction, she decided to go a little further and simply pulled an entire building on top of him, using her telekinesis to push it down on him even harder as he roared, sending rubble flying.

She was just making him angry, not hurting him and barely inconveniencing him, but as he turned to her, she smiled ever so slightly under her hood.

Because he wasn't paying attention to Prophet, waiting in the wings and as she nodded to Prophet, he started to move forwards.

Starfire flew back down, surprising her as Starfire decided to fly directly into Lung, with enough speed and force to send even the giant tumbling forwards as she landed on his back and stopped using her energy bolts and just started to pummel Lung until his tail lashed out and sent her flying backwards.

Rising with a roar of rage, Lung turned to Starfire even as she stopped herself in midair, but this was their chance.

She wouldn't be able to hold him for long, but she didn't need to, and as her telekinesis briefly froze him in place, Prophet charged forwards and placed his hand on the frozen Lung's chest.

Her control on the rampaging dragon didn't last long, and as he burst free he swung at the cloaked man, Raven's eyes widening as a clawed hand lashed out at Prophet sending him flying back with a scream of pain, the front of his outfit torn open as he smashed into one of the ruined, burning buildings, unmoving as she and Starfire froze.

"Gunna uckin kill ouu!" Lung roared, his face distorted as she paused, tilting her head at him.

Was he… shrinking?

Lung froze as well, looking down at himself in confusion and unless she was imagining it, fear.

Starfire flew past him, heading to the unmoving Prophet as she watched Lung look at himself in fear, alternating between looking at himself and Prophet.

"Prophet!" another new voice screamed, drawing both their attention towards the newcomer as she rocketed towards Lung, a white and gold meteor smashing into the dragon with zero regard for her own safety as Lung was sent flying, Glory Girl's rage obvious as she flew after him, smashing her fists into Lung's scaled body.

"Vicky, calm down!" Brandish shouted, two swords of light in each hand.

— Carol Dallon (Brandish) —

If she ever needed more proof of Vicky's relationship with the mysterious Prophet, seeing her daughter go berserk at the sight of the injured Thinker/Trump would be it.

Her shout made Vicky pull back slightly as Lung glared at them, rising to his feet as he looked over the approaching heroes.

Wonder Woman already had her sword drawn and ready but as Lung looked at them all, she paused.

There were plenty of combatants around, Lung should be growing.

He wasn't.

And he knew it.

For the first time in years, she looked at Lung and saw fear, and just as she was about to rush him, eager to take down one of the biggest threats in Brockton Bay, a purple mist appeared behind Lung making her pause.

The same mist had helped Dabi and the Red Kitsune get away from them after the Empire Capes had retreated into their territory, and with a roar of anger, Lung jumped back into it and vanished.

Despite the biggest threats getting away tonight, seeing Lung run away made a cheer run through the assorted heroes, as Vicky rushed over to Prophet, Starfire helping him to his feet.

She could see some civilians starting to show up, displaying the lack of common sense and self-preservation that was so prevalent in Brockton, which meant she had another problem to deal with as Vicky hugged Prophet tightly, before she lifted the bottom of his skintight black face mask and kissed him.

Intensely.

"Friend Glory Girl, I believe Friend Prophet needs to breathe!" Starfire helpfully added as Vicky finally broke the kiss, making Prophet chuckle.

"I'm fine, Vicky, really. Look," Prophet said, gesturing to his torso, his black bodysuit torn enough to reveal his unblemished skin. "I'm not as strong as you, but I can take a hit or two," Prophet said calmly, Vicky visibly calming down as Prophet stroked her hair.

Hmm, at least he seemed to be able to handle her mood swings, that was a minor mercy onto this shitshow.

Vicky dating an older cape would probably be a complete PR nightmare. Maybe Prophet could think of a way to help fix it, since it was half his fault.

"What were you even doing here? I thought you didn't do fieldwork," Vicky said, making him chuckle before wincing.

"I think we all want to know that," Lady Photon added, giving Prophet a worried look. Sarah seemed genuinely worried for Prophet's safety, and while she knew that Sarah had met with him for that photoshoot, there was something more there.

"Hmm, I think he knocked something out of place," Prophet muttered, rubbing his chest. "I normally don't, but this was a special situation. I only found out about this while it was already ongoing, and didn't have time to make a proper plan or get reinforcements," Prophet admitted, shrugging. "Luckily, Starfire was open to hitting the ABB even with such short notice and very little intel so I didn't have to come alone,"

"Why would you put yourself in danger in the first place?" Vicky asked angrily as he chuckled fondly, placing a light kiss on her forehead. "Damnit, where the hell is Amy?"

"My most optimistic prediction suggested Lung's rampage would have a fatality count in the high four digits numbers, so sitting in my office watching the city burn wasn't a viable option," Prophet deadpanned. "And don't worry, I don't need healing. The advantage to being me is that I'm smart enough to know exactly what is wrong with my body," Prophet chuckled.

"The PRT is on their way, they'll have questions," Sarah said, making Prophet laugh darkly.

"So do I, starting with 'why do they always show up after the fighting is over?' I'm heading home, if they don't like it they have my number. I'm sure I'll find time in my busy schedule for them, I think I have a slot sometime next month," Prophet said as he gave Vicky one final kiss. "I'll call you tomorrow, but right now I have work to do, there's going to be consequences from this shitshow and I need to prepare. Plus, I really need a nap," Prophet said calmly as he started to walk away.

"Friend Prophet, I will fly you to your place of planning!" Starfire said, not waiting for an answer as she flew over him and easily lifted the larger man.

"Hey, wait for me!" Vicky shouted, immediately flying after them, ignoring the shouts from her family.

"I don't suppose you're going to stick around?" Laserdream asked, turning to the still silent grey-skinned girl. "You're kinda the only one who fought Lung that hasn't left…"

Instead of answering, the caped girl simply flew up into the air herself, setting off in a different direction.

Well, the PRT was going to love this, but none of the heroes here worked for them so they'd just have to deal with it.

But this did prove one thing: she needed to fix the situation with Amy, because she wasn't even answering her phone and suddenly fights had taken a more dangerous edge without their healer.

The saying 'You don't know what you have until it's gone' had never felt more potent.

— Kenta (Lung) —

He'd heard that Prophet could alter powers just like Midas could, he'd even talked with Kurogiri about the possibility of kidnapping him and making him upgrade all the ABB capes but they decided to put it off. Prophet had too much attention and the other gangs wouldn't sit around and wait for them to break him.

If he can upgrade powers, he can downgrade them. That seemed so painfully obvious in hindsight, and he could swear he could feel his power laughing at him.

He'd been so focused on the two heavy hitters that he'd barely given the Thinker a second thought, even knowing how dangerous Thinkers could be, though Prophet was no match for the likes of her.

"You were shrinking," Kurogiri said calmly, his tone exposing nothing of what he was thinking, and his mist-like face revealing even less.

As Lung glared at him, Kurogiri raised his hands soothingly.

"We need to work out what has happened to your power, and fast. I have no interest in your position but…" Kurogiri trailed off.

The ABB worked on a simple mindset of might made right, he ruled because he was the strongest. If he wasn't the strongest anymore…

"And the Empire will hear about this sooner rather than later, there were too many witnesses, and we can't predict what the Syndicate will do," Kurogiri continued, making Lung growl.

"Leave," Lung ordered, sitting at his desk as Kurogiri paused.

"There is one more thing I need to discuss with you," Kurogiri said, making Lung glare at him. "Bakuda is dead, killed in her sleep, and the men we stationed near her home were also killed, shot by Tinkertech weaponry, judging by the wounds. It appears they flooded her house with some kind of knockout gas. Her family were unharmed, they were definitely there for her."

Tinkertech weapons?

Coil.

"LEAVE!" Lung roared, smashing his hand against his desk. He'd been played like a damn fool, he had to have moles in his gang,

"As you wish," Kurogiri said calmly, disappearing as his mist covered him.

He'd been played, had his power weakened and a powerful asset stolen from under him, and he knew who to blame.

That snake bastard would regret challenging him.

— Thomas Calvert (Coil) —

As quickly as it started working again, his power had stopped functioning again, his timelines becoming increasingly nonsensical and outlandish.

With his power failing, he had little option but to remain in his bunker, unwilling to risk his life without a safe timeline he could rely on.

So, if he was safely hiding in his bunker, why did he feel a sense of impending doom?

— Kori (Starfire) —

"Thank you again for your help, Starfire," Prophet said calmly as Glory Girl fussed over him.

"It was my pleasure, friend! Many girls have escaped a terrible fate and a villain has been defeated, this was a wonderful day!" Starfire said cheerfully, making him laugh.

Apparently he'd gotten her number from Glory Girl, and while she hadn't met him before there wasn't much that could get her attention more than 'do you want to hurt the ABB's sex trade?'.

"But you said you had something you wished to discuss with me?" Starfire continued, making him nod seriously.

"I know this isn't my business, but I want to give you some advice," Prophet said, making her tilt her head in curiosity. "The PRT won't help you take down your sister."

"What? but Blackfire is a villain-"

"Who fights in every Endbringer battle, effectively at that, and now has the League at her back. I advised Weaver to join the PRT because I thought she'd find what she wanted there, but you won't," Midas said calmly, his tone almost apologetic as she stared at him.

"Then where do you think I will find what I want?" Starfire asked, making Prophet chuckle.

"As it happens, I want to take my brother down. It's going to be hard, but I plan to bring his little secret clubhouse of villains crashing down on his head. I even have an idea how to even the playing field, and I could use some help," Prophet said, making her pause. "Of course, the ABB want me dead now so I'll have to deal with them as well, but I suppose that's more of a benefit than an issue for you."

"I'll help, Midas needs to be taken down," Glory Girl offered immediately as he smiled at her, giving her a light kiss in response.

"May I have some time to think about it?" Starfire asked, making Midas smile gently at her.

"Of course, take all the time you need, though I'd avoid signing anything with the PRT until you decide, if there's one thing they're good at it's wrapping you in so much red tape even superstrength can't help you break free," Prophet said with a chuckle before he turned to Glory Girl. "Now, I think we need to discuss the repercussions of you exposing our relationship," Prophet deadpanned, making Glory Girl blink before turning slightly.

"Well, okay so my family definitely saw, and so did a bunch of other heroes but maybe-"

"The PHO thread already has 400 posts on it," Prophet deadpanned, making her freeze before she sighed.

"Fuck."

"Friend Glory Girl, I believe that's what got you into this mess," Starfire added helpfully, unable to resist.

There were some advantages to everyone thinking you were oblivious.

— PHO —

Welcome to the Parahumans Online message boards.
You are currently logged in, TheGoldenKing
You are viewing:
Threads you have replied to
AND Threads that have new replies
OR private message conversations with new replies
Thread OP is displayed.
Twenty five posts per page
Last ten messages in private message history.
Threads and private messages are ordered chronologically.

■

♦ Topic: Lungs Rampage?
In: Boards ► Places ► America ► Brockton Bay
All-Seeing Eye (Original Poster)
Posted On Mar 24th 2011:
So, anyone with eyes and ears has probably noticed that half of the city is currently on fire, courtesy of our unfriendly neighbourhood dragon.

Since Bagrat and the 'official' sources have been awfully quiet lately, I've decided to gather as much information as I could on the situation and see what everyone else knows. Thankfully, the good people of Brockton Bay have once more demonstrated to the world that they have literally zero self preservation because some crazy fuckers actually stuck around long enough to get a video of the fight.


Be warned, it gets kinda graphic, and there's some pretty horrific background noises.

[link]

So, from what I've been able to gather things went like this

The ABB tried smuggling girls from out of town to fill their new brothels (Starfire kinda trashed their old ones and Midas has been pushing into that monopoly hard)

A new group of independent heroes (Birds of Prey?) attacked the convoy, and while I understand the desire to free the girls it proved to be… not so good an idea as Lung showed up, very annoyed at heroes intruding in his territory then everything was on fire.

Some new girl showed up, grey skin, a black leotard and a purple cape. She went one on one with Lung long enough for the Birds and the 'goods' to get away, but Lung kept growing.

Then Starfire showed up, with Prophet following behind, the first time he's actually taken part in cape-combat unless I'm mistaken.

Starfire and the other girl fought Lung and distracted him, and Prophet got close enough to touch him.

Then Prophet got fucked up, because Lung was already massive, and then apparently Lung started shrinking?

In the middle of battle.

Turns out while this was happening, New Wave and Wonder Woman were fighting the Empire who were trying to push into the ABBs territory while some of the new ABB capes fought both sides. That battle wrapped up when the Empire decided to cut their losses, so the heroes went to help with the ramp again dragon.

Glory Girl showed up first and she was pissed, (apparently because Lung injured Prophet?) attacking Lung and actually pushing him back.

Then the others showed up and Lung ran away. Lung. Ran. Away.

So, I think I speak for everyone when I say… what the fuck?

(Showing page 1 of 1)

►Acree
Replied On Mar 24th 2011:
You know, I knew things had been too quiet lately.

In hindsight, we've spent ages talking about Prophet and Midas's ability to upgrade powers, but it makes sense that they'd be able to downgrade powers as well.


►XxVoid_CowboyxX
Replied On Mar 24th 2011:
Told you Midas and Prophet are the same person

►Aloha
Replied On Mar 24th 2011:
Damnit Void, we've been over this a hundred times

There's been plenty of times where both Midas and Prophet can be accounted for, and if you claim Midas is a robot one more time I'm gonna scream

You'll make La Brava angry again, and last time you literally ran away from PHO for a week. It was a good week to be honest, so actually continue

Much more importantly, ProphetxGloryGirl confirmed?

He's older than her but eh, they're capes and they don't have the best life expectancy so it's dumb to hold them to the same standards.

Her family obviously knew, or at least Lady Photon, Laserdream and Brandish judging by their expressions, and GG seemed legitimately worried for Prophet

►Vista (Wards ENE) (Verified Cape)
Replied On Mar 24th 2011:
Huh, Glory Girl and Prophet?

Didn't see that coming. Is that why Gallant has been brooding so much?

►Clockblocker (Wards ENE) (Verified Cape)
Replied On Mar 24th 2011:
I thought he was just taking over for Shadow Stalker

►Valkyr (Wiki Warrior)
Replied On Mar 24th 2011:
Every time Prophet or Midas show up they have a new power, keeping the wiki updated has been hell.

I'll make a new thread about Prophet and his power/powers, maybe we can finally work something out about him.

Also, cute couple.

►TheOracleofBrockton (Verified Cape)
Replied On Mar 24th 2011:
You won't, but that's not your fault.

Okay, to help quell rumours that me and my brother are the same person, I'll explain a bit about my power.

I'm basically Butcher-adjacent, I link to one person and gain a copy of their powers. I linked to Midas when we were both much younger, and I haven't been able to break the link.

I have a theory that if I killed Midas I'd keep his powers and be able to link to another person, gaining more and more powers, but I don't plan on testing that.


Midas himself is a bullshit Trump, and that's all I'll say on that matter.

►TheGoldenKing (Verified Cape) (Verified League of Villains Member)
Replied On Mar 24th 2011:
Oh please, feel free to try you parasite

►Logs
Replied On Mar 24th 2011:
Okay but why were the heroes helping the ABB defend their territory from the Empire?

►TheOracleofBrockton (Verified Cape)
Replied On Mar 24th 2011:
That's incredibly simple

The Empire has better PR than the ABB, but do remember that they are still white supremacists, and that the ABB territory is primarily Asian with a large Hispanic and Black population.

Now ask yourself if you'd like to see what would happen when a white supremacist group takes over a very much not white territory

►TheGoldenKing (Verified Cape) (Verified League of Villains Member)
Replied On Mar 24th 2011:
Too many gangs focus on race or even religion, it's entirely shortsighted

All races, religions and genders are treated the same in my territory

►TheOracleofBrockton (Verified Cape)
Replied On Mar 24th 2011:
Please just shut the fuck up

►TheGoldenKing (Verified Cape) (Verified League of Villains Member)
Replied On Mar 24th 2011:
Don't you have a barely legal flying brick to be comforting?

Still, you have decent taste at least, but I think the entire internet has seen that.

Hm, well there's an idea. I've always enjoyed taking your toys.

►GloryGirl (Verified Cape) (New Wave)
Replied On Mar 24th 2011:

Ugh, you are so fucking creepy.

►Lasersmile
Replied On Mar 24th 2011:
Okay yeah, definitely the right decision to stop the Empire then, also it wasn't that the heroes were helping the ABB, it was a three way fight

The ABB capes had to retreat, that wasn't an alliance


Does anyone know who the grey-skinned cape was? I haven't seen her before and you'd think we'd have heard of someone who can hold her own against Lung, or at least heard of someone with legs like those because damn.

►Chilldrizzle
Replied On Mar 24th 2011:
Nope, can't say I've ever seen her before, but Scion I wish I had.

Does anyone know what Prophet did to Lung? No love lost for the overgrown lizard but like Prophet said, it won't be pretty if the Empire take Lung's territory

►TheOracleofBrockton (Verified Cape)
Replied On Mar 24th 2011:
I know, but my best prediction out the fatalities in the high four digit numbers, no point trying to protect the people in Lungs territory in the long term if he was going to incinerate them all today

But I kept that in mind, I could have destroyed Lungs power completely. Instead I changed how he grows, before he just grew as long as there was a fight (though he did grow faster when he had stronger opponents).

Now I've made it so that his power will only register the strongest opponent around, growing to match (and somewhat surpass) that one opponent before he stops growing

It's not quite a downgrade, more of a sidegrade really

Against a single powerful opponent, he'll actually be more effective since he'll grow faster to match them, but against groups he's less powerful

If he fights something incredibly powerful, like an Endbringer, he'll be far more effective than before since my adjustment also removed his former power cap

►ArchmageEin
Replied On Mar 24th 2011:
Making Lung, who already fought Leviathan on almost even terms, more effective against Endbringers?

An interesting tactic, but Lung has avoided fighting Endbringers ever since. It'll certainly be interesting to see how he reacts to his altered powers, but I'm guessing 'angrily'.

►Ryus
Replied On Mar 24th 2011:
@TheOracleofBrockton

As someone living in ABB territory, massive thanks for actually stopping Lung's rampage

It takes balls of titanium to actually rush a raging Lung who's had time to grow.

►Space Zombie
Replied On Mar 24th 2011:
Why the fuck did these Birds decide to piss off Lung in the first place? Don't poke the dragon is common fucking sense

Yeah, I get that they wanted to save the girls, don't get me wrong, but what's the point if you get them all killed in the process?

►Chaosfaith
Replied On Mar 24th 2011:
And where was the PRT during all this?

I heard they showed up, but only long after Lung had left.

►Reave (Verified PRT Agent)
Replied On Mar 24th 2011:
Standard Opportunity Procedure with Lung is to not engage at all when possible, because the more people in the fight, the faster he grows

Plus Armsmaster still hasn't managed to replace all his gear

►TheGoldenKing (Verified Cape) (Verified League of Villains Member)
Replied On Mar 24th 2011:
I'd offer to return them… but they make such a wonderful exhibit in my trophy room.

Also I just don't like him.

Bonus Scene — Katsumi Bakugo (Bakuda)

Waking up to a bright light shining down on her, she went to sit up before her eyes shot open, feeling the cold metal around her wrists and ankles.

Looking away from the bright light above her, almost like spotlights shining down on her, she looked around the sterile, and utterly empty room, the only fixture being the metal chair she was bound to.

It was almost like the chairs you sat in at the dentist, if dentists strapped you down with heavy metal restraints.

She also noticed something that sent a shiver of fear through her, for the first time since she got her power.

She was completely naked, they'd even taken her underwear, and more importantly, the toe-ring she could use to activate her bombs.

Looking around again as she adjusted to the light, she spotted the small cameras scattered around the room, tiny little things. Somebody was watching her.

"Who the fuck do you think you are!? Do you have any idea who you've grabbed?!" Katsumi shouted, glaring at the camera.

"Yes, I do," a voice replied, making her eyes widen as she recognised the unique accent.

Midas.

"I've got a bomb inside me, asshole. Let me go now and I won't blow everything in a ten-mile radius to pieces!" Katsumi screamed out, a cold chuckle coming through the speakers.

"No, you don't. No bombs, no deadman's switch. You have nothing, Katsumi," Midas replied calmly, his tone utterly confident as she flinched ever so slightly.

Okay, so bluffing a Thinker wasn't the best idea.

"…what do you want?" Katsumi asked after what seemed like several minutes of utter silence.

"To decide what to do with you," Midas finally replied. "Frankly, my dear, you might just be the biggest threat in Brockton Bay, maybe even America. I'm trying to decide whether I want you on my side or if I want a more permanent solution to the problem you represent," Midas answered, making her eyes widen.

A part of her was immensely proud, some major Thinker saw her as the biggest threat around, he understood how powerful she was, but the teenage girl in her heard 'permanent solution' and shuddered in terror and despair.

She might die here, bound and powerless.

"Lung-"

"Lung already thinks you're dead, and let's just say the fake body is extremely convincing," Midas drawled, as the light above her head turned off, plunging her into complete darkness.


Author's Note: Sorry for the wait, but the King is back, baby. I forgot how much fun Jin was to write, even if this chapter was a bit of a pain to actually finish.

Sorry it's not the biggest chapter, but I'm going to immediately do a PHO chapter next and I wanted to keep them separate.

Also, Cyberpunk 1.5 is out so… yeah, it might take a while for me to write the next proper chapter.


I am entirely motivated by praise and interaction, so leave reviews and I'll probably write faster.

I have a discord server (technically someone else's but my name is on the server so it's basically mine) with a bunch of other authors and a load of porn. Here's the link for that: discord .gg/wd3tUYWVCd

I also have a bad P word that FF doesn't like, what's on it? Right now, nothing that you can't find elsewhere and I don't know if that will change, to be honest, I don't like the idea of paywalling content but I also like money to fund my pizza and games addiction, so here's the link for that as well: Pat reon . com/TheDarkWolfShiro
"Sanity and happiness are an impossible combination."
― Mark Twain

​
My Discord, come here for porn and also sometimes fics: https://discord.gg/wd3tUYWVCd

My Patreon, I promise to spend any money given to me irresponsibly: https://www.patreon.com/TheDarkWolfShiro​
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:high, Torlok, KingOfGays and 1,213 others
The Dark Wolf Shiro
Feb 18, 2022
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 20.5: PHOh No
View content
The Dark Wolf Shiro
The Dark Wolf Shiro
Everyone Hail to the Pumpkin King
JoinedApr 1, 2019
Messages9,336
Likes received960,957
Mar 9, 2022
Add bookmark
#3,616
Disclaimer: I own nothing but my original characters and works, if you recognise it from somewhere else, surprise it isn't mine.
Betad by morde24, OoalGown, Hermes, Priapus and TheDonFluffles


The Guild of Gamers: The Supervillain
Chapter 20.5: PHOh No

— Relationship Advice Thread —

■

Welcome to the Parahumans Online message boards.
You are currently logged in, GloryGirl
You are viewing:
Threads you have replied to
AND Threads that have new replies
OR private message conversations with new replies
Thread OP is displayed.
Twenty posts per page
Last ten messages in private message history.
Threads and private messages are ordered chronologically.

■

♦ Topic: Cape Relationship Drama
In: Boards ► Places ► America ► Brockton Bay
Feychick (Original Poster)
Posted On Mar 24th 2011:
So, we've had two new developments in the Brockton Bay Cape scene, and I decided to make a thread to cover them both

Firstly, Glory Girl was seen kissing Prophet after the fight with Lung, and it looks like the DeanXVicky and GallantXGloryGirl ships are well and truly sunk

[thekissvideo]

Also the ProphetXKingMidas ship, but that also leads to the second development.

We've heard them mention it before but it's now confirmed by both of them that Midas and Prophet are brothers, which will make the hordes of girls shipping them either very sad or excited, I know what some of you girls are about


(Showing page 1 of 47)

►Aloha
Replied On Mar 24th 2011:
Aww, I thought Vicky and Dean made such a cute couple, but it was always weird that she was always hanging off Gallant

But after her and Gallant's argument on the boardwalk a while back, I wonder if she's using Prophet as a rebound guy?


►GloryGirl (Verified Cape) (New Wave)
Replied On Mar 24th 2011:
No, I'm not.

I know Prophet's a bit older than me but after my breakup, I decided I was more interested in men instead of boys. Prophet gets me (probably because he's a big brain thinker but still), we never get into stupid arguments over little things, and he's done a lot for me and my family.

Also, he's hot af under his mask, but that's for me to know and you to probably never find out, and he gives the best massages

Why wouldn't I like him?


Plus if anyone gives us shit about the age difference, lemme just remind you that I am legal and cape life doesn't exactly have the best life expectancy, I'm not gonna let some judgemental assholes get between us

Plus, before anyone accuses him of anything (looking at you, you shiny gold asshole), I came onto him. I've never been shy when I know what I want

Also, look how cute we are together! It'd be cuter if he wasn't masked but oh well.

[photo1] [photo2] [photo3]

►Answer Key
Replied On Mar 24th 2011:
Is Prophet okay? Last we saw him he got punted by Lung…

►TheOracleofBrockton (Verified Cape)
Replied On Mar 24th 2011:
I'm fine, but thanks for the concern. I turned my body to gold before the impact to prevent myself from taking any serious damage.

Yes, me and Glory Girl are in a relationship, and Midas is my brother. I'm happier about one of those, unfortunately you can only choose your girlfriend but are born to family, so I'm stuck with my annoying little brother.

►Feychick (Original Poster)
Replied On Mar 24th 2011:
Okay yeah, you two do look cute together even if the whole black mask thing is kinda intimidating.

How did you two even meet?

►GloryGirl (Verified Cape) (New Wave)
Replied On Mar 24th 2011:
Prophet was helping me out with the whole leaked pictures situation, and since my boyfriend dumped me on the fucking moronic belief I was sending them to other guys (I wasn't, I just like taking pictures of myself), I was single again.

it didn't take me long to realise I had a thing for smart older men, so I made a move

Okay, maybe he was kinda a rebound guy at first but it's gone way beyond that now

►TheOracleofBrockton (Verified Cape)
Replied On Mar 24th 2011:
I'm styling myself as an information broker and consultant of sorts for heroes (primarily independents), and I decided to lend my services pro bono to Glory Girl, admittedly so I could start to develop a reputation but things spiralled from there


►Brandish (Verified Cape) (New Wave)
Replied On Mar 24th 2011:
I will say that while I'm not thrilled with the situation, Prophet makes Victoria happy and I've come to accept it (as much as a mother can accept her daughter being in a relationship)

They don't exactly have my blessing, but Victoria is a grown woman and they don't need it. Aside from that, I don't believe it's anyone else's business.

►Laserdream (Verified Cape) (New Wave)
Replied On Mar 24th 2011:
They definitely make a cute couple, and I'm not just saying that to keep my access to Prophet's power upgrading and magic hands

He is seriously good at massages, I'd say he has a golden touch but well… you know


►TheGoldenKing (Verified Cape) (Verified League of Villains Member)
Replied On Mar 24th 2011:
That's because he cheats, my dear

I have a Thinker power that allows me to master almost any skill at an incredible rate, and the parasite is once more using my success to coast through life

This means it would be very accurate to say he has a golden touch

It must be nice to get all the benefits of my hard work with none of the effort

►TheOracleofBrockton (Verified Cape)
Replied On Mar 24th 2011:
It is, thanks

And don't act like you work that hard to get your new powers, you won the power lottery, the least you can do is share with your lovable big brother

But then you never did learn to share, did you?

►TheGoldenKing (Verified Cape) (Verified League of Villains Member)
Replied On Mar 24th 2011:
Sharing is for communists and hippies

If you want something, earn it and don't just expect the world to just give you things for free

►TheOracleofBrockton (Verified Cape)
Replied On Mar 24th 2011:
You sound like dad

►TheGoldenKing (Verified Cape) (Verified League of Villains Member)
Replied On Mar 24th 2011:
Thank you, but I'm still going to crush you

No hard feelings but we are enemies

►TheOracleofBrockton (Verified Cape)
Replied On Mar 24th 2011:
…that wasn't a compliment

And try me bitch

►Aloha
Replied On Mar 24th 2011:
Okay, so definitely brothers then


Also don't you do a load of charity work?

►TheGoldenKing (Verified Cape) (Verified League of Villains Member)
Replied On Mar 24th 2011:
There's a difference between ensuring the prosperity of my territory and letting deadbeats who aren't willing to work for themselves thrive from your hard work

►TheOracleofBrockton (Verified Cape)
Replied On Mar 24th 2011:
Do you seriously have nothing better to do than spend all day lurking on PHO?


►TheGoldenKing (Verified Cape) (Verified League of Villains Member)
Replied On Mar 24th 2011:
It's called multitasking

I can quite easily plan your downfall, manage my territory and shitpost at the same time

After all, you might be able to copy my powers, but I'm still superior to you in every way

End of Page. 1, 2, 3 ... 45, 46, 47

(Showing page 2 of 47)

►GloryGirl (Verified Cape) (New Wave)
Replied On Mar 24th 2011:
I bet your worse in bed

►TheGoldenKing (Verified Cape) (Verified League of Villains Member)
Replied On Mar 24th 2011:
*You're

And I'll take that bet since you're apparently volunteering to referee

►GloryGirl (Verified Cape) (New Wave)
Replied On Mar 24th 2011:
Eww, fuck no

That's not what I meant, and you know it you Thinker asshole

►TheGoldenKing (Verified Cape) (Verified League of Villains Member)
Replied On Mar 24th 2011:
Oh, suddenly you're not so confident?

Then how about we raise the stakes.

If by the end of the night you can say Prophet is better in bed, I'll take my Syndicate and leave Brockton Bay forever. If I win, you have to wear a golden version of your cape outfit. Entirely in your favour, no?

I'm very serious and I always keep my word, I'm sure Prophet can confirm that.

►GloryGirl (Verified Cape) (New Wave)
Replied On Mar 24th 2011:
You're insane.

►TheGoldenKing (Verified Cape) (Verified League of Villains Member)
Replied On Mar 24th 2011:
No, I'm just confident.

►Lasersmile
Replied On Mar 24th 2011:
I mean, those are some seriously favourable stakes

►Deimos
Replied On Mar 24th 2011:
Fuck no, we don't want Midas to leave

The ABB or Empire would be a major downgrade if they took over the Syndicates territory


We're rooting for you, Midas! Screw the barbie dolls brains out

►Feychick (Original Poster)
Replied On Mar 24th 2011:
…can I referee?

Also, this is going to inspire so many fanfics, isn't it?

►TheOracleofBrockton (Verified Cape)
Replied On Mar 24th 2011:
Have I mentioned that I hate you?

Because I really do.

►TheGoldenKing (Verified Cape) (Verified League of Villains Member)
Replied On Mar 24th 2011:
Possibly, I tend to zone out your inane bullshit.

But I digress, if you ever decide to back up your words Glory Girl, the offer is on the table.

End of Page. 1, 2, 3, 4 ... 45, 46, 47

■

Closing her phone in disgust, she glared at it for a moment as Jin moved behind her, gently rubbing her shoulders.

"He made that bet because he knows how much it'd get to you, to make you feel bad for not playing his idiotic games," Jin explained, making her smile over her shoulder at him, her hand reaching up to touch his.

"…would he keep his word?" Vicky asked reluctantly.

"Yes, if he lost. He also wouldn't lose, because while he won't break his word, he'll also cheat his ass off," Jin explained as she let out a sigh.

It sounded so tempting, all she had to do is win a bet and she'd drive Midas out of her city. The stakes were low, and the rewards were high.

But if she lost, everyone would see her wearing gold and know she slept with Midas and lost. It'd hurt Jin and embarrass her.

"Do you think Midas is good for the city?" Vicky asked, changing the subject as Jin sighed himself.

"Yes, but I also doubt it'll end. Midas is a tyrant, he's benevolent now but if he wins and drives the other gangs and the heroes out of the city? I don't know how long he'd stay benevolent. I hope he will, but I can't read him nearly as well as I can other people, and I won't risk Brockton Bay on a hope," Jin finally said.

"And if he is? What if he never stops being a benevolent dictator, if the people love him more than they do the heroes trying to fight him?" Vicky asked, making Jin chuckle.

"Then I might have to quietly accept defeat, I want to help the city, not make things worse just to spite him," Jin said before he smirked. "Or maybe I'll go conquer my own city, a bigger one and do his job better than he does. I've always been a sore loser, but let's not waste all our time talking about him," Jin said, turning her around as she felt her lips twitch up into a smile.

"And what else would we spend our time doing?" Vicky asked, backing up against his desk as he approached.

"I'm sure we can find something more entertaining to occupy our time with," Jin said as he approached, her legs spreading as he settled between them, his hands moving under her skirt,gripping her panties and pulling them down as they kissed.

Fuck Midas and his little games, he could talk about being the better brother all he wanted, but he was nothing compared to Jin, and as Jin sheathed himself inside her, she moaned into his mouth and admitted to herself that she might have actually fallen for him.

— Healer, Heal Thyself —

■

Welcome to the Parahumans Online message boards.
You are currently logged in, Panacea
You are viewing:
Threads you have replied to
AND Threads that have new replies
OR private message conversations with new replies
Thread OP is displayed.
Fifteen posts per page
Last ten messages in private message history.
Threads and private messages are ordered chronologically.

■

♦ Topic: Where is Panacea?
In: Boards ► Places ► America ► Brockton Bay
Bagrat (Original Poster) (Veteran Member) (The Guy in the Know)
Posted On Mar 25th 2011:
So, the recent battle with the Empire, ABB and Lung made me realise something.

Panacea wasn't there, and while it isn't that unusual for New Wave's healer to not be around while the fighting has happened, she was never seen at all, despite some of the heroes being injured. Sure, it was just some minor injuries, but historically she's always healed them immediately after the fight.

So I did a little digging and my sources in the hospitals said that she's not been seen at all in over a week, not the longest amount of time but again it's entirely out of character for her.

So, my question is… where is Panacea?

(Showing page 1 of 39)

►Divide
Replied On Mar 25th 2011:
Doesn't she work at the Brockton Bay General Hospital?

She fixed my leg there a year or so ago after a car crash, so I just kinda assumed she was employed there

►Chilldrizzle
Replied On Mar 25th 2011:
No, Panacea heals there but I'm pretty sure she doesn't actually work there

There are probably some legal reasons involved, still hope she's okay! She's helped a lot of people

►PhysicianHealThyself
Replied On Mar 25th 2011:
I'm a nurse at the general hospital and I can confirm that she doesn't work at the hospital itself and she's not been around in quite a while

She volunteers here, but she doesn't have a rota or anything she just comes in when she has time to help out.

Honestly, I hope she's taking a vacation, that girl works herself way too hard, more than a few of us are worried she's going to burn out.

I've brought it up to both her and Brandish, but neither seemed to take it seriously :(

►Feychick
Replied On Mar 25th 2011:
@GloryGirl LaserDream can you confirm she's fine?

►TRJ
Replied On Mar 25th 2011:
Fuck, I hope she comes back soon

My grandma is in the hospital with pretty late-stage cancer, Panacea is basically her only chance

►Thatdude
Replied On Mar 25th 2011:
Or just go to one of the clinics in the Syndicate's territory, King Midas's healing beds are a godsend around here

The clinic doesn't charge for using them, and there are a few of them now

►Ne
Replied On Mar 25th 2011:
Oh yeah, go get healed by a supervillain

That'll end well

►LaBrava (Verified Midas Fangirl)
Replied On Mar 25th 2011:
A supervillain who has done more for BB in a couple of months than the PRT and 'heroes' have done in years.


►Chilldrizzle
Replied On Mar 25th 2011:
I'm just surprised nobody has tried to steal them from him yet.

►TheGoldenKing (Verified Cape) (Verified League of Villains Member)
Replied On Mar 25th 2011:
They have, and were dealt with accordingly.

No capes have tried yet, but I imagine it's only a matter of time. Thankfully, I've made preparations for the possibility of them being stolen and they won't work even if someone manages to get past the considerable preparation made to stop their removal.

Also, while they were made for the people in my territory, anyone who chooses to travel to one of the clinics is welcome to make use of them, as long you respect the rules of my territory. Even Heroes, should they behave themselves.

And if they don't? Well, the Syndicate and the League will be happy to teach them the consequences.

►Poit
Replied On Mar 25th 2011:
So you can hold it over our heads later? Yeah, nah. Nobody should risk being indebted to a supervillain.

►TheGoldenKing (Verified Cape) (Verified League of Villains Member)
Replied On Mar 25th 2011:
Do you truly believe you're so interesting as to be worth my time and attention?

You are not.

Besides, if I decided I wished to bring you under my control, what makes you think I'd need you to be indebted to me?

You'd be serving my interests without ever realising you were my puppet, dancing to whatever tune I felt like humming for you.


►Poit
Replied On Mar 25th 2011:
That's both hurtful and terrifying

I'm sorry, please don't come after me?

►Dragon (Verified Cape) (The Guild)
Replied On Mar 25th 2011:
I know you're smart enough to already know how much good your beds could do for the world, so I won't even bother patronising you by saying that, but I truly implore you to not hoard this technology.

I realise you likely have no interest in working with the PRT, but villainous status aside both the Guild and I would be more than happy to work with you to both confirm the safety of this healing tech and spread it further than just Brockton Bay.

If doing good alone isn't enough, I'm sure it'd be an incredibly profitable business endeavour

End of Page. 1, 2, 3 ... 37, 38, 39

(Showing page 2 of 39)

►TheGoldenKing (Verified Cape) (Verified League of Villains Member)
Replied On Mar 25th 2011:
Did you not already confirm its success when you sent an injured agent to my clinic? How is he? I know his broken leg was healed immediately, but I imagine he's feeling much better with his early-stage cancer cured as well.

Or was that the PRT agent? You've all sent so many that even I get mixed up.

If you're going to send agents into my territory, save yourself the embarrassment and do so openly, I'll find out either way.

As for your request? I am not opposed to working with the Guild, or even the PRT themselves if they accept the sovereignty of my territory.

However, I do have a single demand before I even begin any negotiations. Pardons for Canary and Bitch (though I believe you prefer to call her Hellhound).

All their situations have extenuating circumstances and the legal system has failed them entirely, now that they are under my employ I do not intend to do the same.

►Dragon (Verified Cape) (The Guild)
Replied On Mar 25th 2011:
I'll speak to my PRT contacts, I can't promise anything but I'm certainly hopeful that we'll be working together soon.

►Alexandria (Verified Cape) (Triumvirate)
Replied On Mar 25th 2011:
I'll talk to the Chief Director as well. This goes beyond heroes and villains.

►TheGoldenKing (Verified Cape) (Verified League of Villains Member)
Replied On Mar 25th 2011:
Excellent.

Regardless of whatever happens, I'll also supply them during Endbringer attacks, as long as I have the PRT's assurance under the Endbringer Truce that all of them will be returned to me afterwards (excluding extenuating circumstances such as the Endbringer destroying them)

They don't work as fast as Brockton Bay's miracle worker, but they work all the same.

►Panacea (Verified Cape) (New Wave)
Replied On Mar 25th 2011:
I'm fine, by the way

I'm taking some time off, spending it with my friend. @PhysicianHealThyself you were right, I should have relaxed more before, but it took my new friend to show me how close to the edge I was, thankfully he pulled me back.

All I did was heal, basically my every waking moment was either school, schoolwork or healing, and I didn't realise how much it was hurting me mentally. Sorry, but I won't be coming back for a while, and when I do I'm going to cut down my hours (and probably stop taking patients who would be fine without my help)

►GloryGirl (Verified Cape) (New Wave)
Replied On Mar 25th 2011:
Holy shit, Amy! Why didn't you say anything?!

►Panacea (Verified Cape) (New Wave)
Replied On Mar 25th 2011:
I would have had to have realised myself to do that, like I said, I didn't realise how much it was hurting until I stopped

►GloryGirl (Verified Cape) (New Wave)
Replied On Mar 25th 2011:
The moment I see you I'm giving you the tightest hug, well not the tightest I don't want to snap you, but you know what I mean!

Also, unrelated side note

'He'?


►Panacea (Verified Cape) (New Wave)
Replied On Mar 25th 2011:
Ugh, I'll talk to you later.

I'm not dealing with this right now.

►GloryGirl (Verified Cape) (New Wave)
Replied On Mar 25th 2011:
Fine, fine

Now if you'll excuse me I'm gonna go shout at mom.

A lot.

End of Page. 1, 2, 3, 4 ... 37, 38, 39

■

Smiling slightly at Vicky's worry, she immediately frowned to herself a moment later. Would she still be so caring if she knew that Amy was making herself at home in a villain's lair?

That she'd helped Midas fake someone's death?

Making that fake body of the ABB cape went against so many of her morals, but she knew she was wrapped up in Midas's web so tightly she didn't think she'd ever get free, even if she could gather the motivation to try.

Bakuda would have caused countless deaths, but she'd given that weapon to Midas now, for him to use however that big brain of his wishes.

Maybe he'd torture her, or decide she wasn't worth the effort and kill her, and that blood would be on her hands as much as his.

She'd seen Bakuda's handiwork, though she hadn't had a name to put the blame on at the time, Bakuda's occasional field tests had left bodies so twisted even she couldn't help them.

And Midas knew that, he preyed on her anger, her fear, and convinced her to help him neutralise the threat before it could become so much worse.

And she didn't even feel bad, that was the worst part.

She feared what would happen if Vicky found out, but Bakuda? She felt nothing for her fate.

Well, that was a lie, she felt satisfied and happy when Midas praised her, kissing her and calling her his good girl, as condescending as it was.

And despite her worry, she was only helping him more and more, doing whatever he asked of her if it meant she got to play around with her powers instead of just healing.

She'd gone so far beyond healing now, and as she looked at the living, breathing, utterly inanimate body being operated on by Midas's machines, she bit her lip and looked at the minion also being operated on at the same time.

She hoped this went well, Bob was a nice man for the right hand of a supervillain but he'd volunteered for this, and Yin had agreed.

She was here in case of any problems, even if the machines were installing cybernetics into his very brain. She didn't do brains, that was her oath, an oath she'd broken within about an hour of being allowed to do what she wanted, her first plant having a human-like brain she'd made from scratch to help it learn.

The surgical machines finally came to a halt as they finished healing him up, and Bob slowly opened his eyes, moving off the table as the second body did the same.

"This… is odd," Bob finally said as he turned and looked at the second person, as the identical copy of Bob turned to look at the original.

Midas was a genius, and definitely a cybernetic tinker of some sort to add to the list of bullshit he could do.

"Do you feel okay? Any issues controlling both bodies?" Midas asked, making both Bob's turn towards him shake their heads.

"It feels weird to see myself from the outside, but it's surprisingly easy," Bob answered, one body jumping while the other dropped and started doing push-ups.

"I expected as much, I know exactly what my own technology does after all. Thank you for volunteering though," Midas said easily, making Bob grin.

"Couldn't let the big man himself test this tech out, anything I should do to test this?" Bob asked, making Midas shake his head.

"No, take some time off and have fun with your new… talent for multitasking. If you experience anything unusual, report it immediately," Midas ordered, making Bob nod with a smirk.

"Will do, boss man," both Bobs said simultaneously as they grinned. "Now if you'll excuse me, I'm going to go confuse the fuck out of some people," Bob said as he gave them a nod, both Bobs walking past them and getting dressed in the black and gold jumpsuits all the guards wore.

As Bob left, she glanced over to the healing chamber with a perfect copy of Yin resting in it, feeling a burst of guilt.

How much trouble could Midas cause with the ability to be in multiple places at once? Why was she so willing to enable him?

"Excellent work, my dear," Yin said as he walked up to her, gripping her chin and tilting her head so he could kiss her, answering her question without saying a word as she melted into it.

"…you promise you won't hurt my family, right?" Amy asked, she couldn't see Midas losing even without her help, but she was surely speeding up his control of Brockton Bay.

"I won't, I promise," Yin said with a surprisingly soft smile as he brushed some of her hair out of her face before he paused. "Well, I'll probably hurt them if they fight me, but nothing serious or permanent. And I might hurt Brandish, just a little. I don't think she's the type to listen to reason." he added as she rolled her eyes.

"You know what I meant, I don't want to be responsible for my family being destroyed," Amy said, making him chuckle as he kissed her again.

"And you won't be, I wouldn't do that to you," Yin promised, and despite her common sense telling her not to trust the supervillain, she melted into his hug. She believed him, and only time would tell if she was being played.

"Now, I think your work deserves a reward…" Yin said, his smile growing hungry as he picked her up and carried her to a nearby table, placing her atop it as he spread her legs, making her blush at his knowing smile. "A short skirt and no panties? Somebody was hoping for this…" Yin teased, bunching her skirt up around her waist as he undid his belt and pulled out his cock.

"Maybe a little…" Amy admitted, bright red as she felt the tip of his dick press against her lower lips, a moan slipping free as he teased his head against her folds before sheathing himself inside her slick walls.

"Good girl," Yin whispered, kissing her roughly as her worries were promptly forgotten.

— Doubts —

■

Welcome to the Parahumans Online message boards.
You are currently logged in, Battery
You are viewing:
Threads you have replied to
AND Threads that have new replies
OR private message conversations with new replies
Thread OP is displayed.
Fifteen posts per page
Last ten messages in private message history.
Threads and private messages are ordered chronologically.

■

♦ Topic: The League's Heist Spree
In: Boards ► Places ► America ► Brockton Bay
Bagrat (Original Poster) (Veteran Member) (The Guy in the Know)
Posted On Mar 28th 2011:
If you're from Brockton Bay and you read the title you're probably pretty baffled, since I doubt you've even heard of a single heist, let alone a spree

And you'd be right to be, because this particular set of crimes was downright ridiculous

Last night, the League of Villains successfully hit two banks and a museum at the same time, looting a massive fortune.

What you probably will have heard of is the Jokerz getting into a fight with Assault and Battery after hitting a bunch of shops on the boardwalk, having to be bailed out by the League (specifically Jinx, Dusty Ash and Volcana) after reinforcements arrived.

What the PRT didn't realise is that while they drove off the clown-themed villains, they were just the distraction.

At the same time, Catwoman and a group of Golden Syndicate minions were stealing priceless art and artefacts from the Brockton Bay Museum, Star Sapphire was leading another group into the vaults of one bank while Cheetah was doing the same across the town, and none of the alarms went off until long after the villains had left the scene.

The League hasn't done much aside from busting Shadow Stalker out until now, but it looks like they're finally moving and proving that they're still villains, just unionised.

Though it is worth noting, not a single civilian was harmed during any of the attacks. All three heists used what is hypothesised to be some kind of tinkertech gas to knock out the guards, simply taking what they came for and leaving within the hour.

(Showing page 1 of 40)

►bothad
Replied On Mar 28th 2011:
So, this is what happens when you get a bunch of powerful villains gathered up under an even more powerful Thinker, who has a horde of minions?

Honestly, gg to Midas for pulling this off.

►RevUpYourHarley (Verified Cape) (Verified League of Villains Member)
Replied On Mar 28th 2011:
Hey! We did a lot of work too!

Beating up heroes is hard work, ya know?

►TheGoldenKing (Verified Cape) (Verified League of Villains Member)
Replied On Mar 28th 2011:
And you performed your part admirably, my dear.

You put on such a magnificent show, the local heroes couldn't help but come and watch.

►Coyote-C
Replied On Mar 28th 2011:
Do you just have a program that pings you whenever you or the league is mentioned? You always show up so fast.

►TheGoldenKing (Verified Cape) (Verified League of Villains Member)
Replied On Mar 28th 2011:
Yes, I do.

►Ne
Replied On Mar 28th 2011:
I thought you were like a godfather kinda villain, feels weird to see you robbing banks.

►TheGoldenKing (Verified Cape) (Verified League of Villains Member)
Replied On Mar 28th 2011:
I care for the people in my territory, and we've not hurt any of the civilians.

The money in the banks is insured, the banks and insurance companies are the ones we robbed, not the everyday civilian.

Besides, I am a villain. Just because I don't let my schemes harm the local population, doesn't change that fact. I just have more class, that's all.

As for the museum, my lair was looking a little bare so I decided to spruce the place up. Half of them were forgeries anyway, very disappointing to be honest.

Perhaps the next museum will have a better selection of decorations, still, the artwork looks wonderful in my office

►GloryGirl (Verified Cape) (New Wave)
Replied On Mar 28th 2011:
God, you are such an insufferably smug asshole

I can't wait to wipe that grin off your face

►TheGoldenKing (Verified Cape) (Verified League of Villains Member)
Replied On Mar 28th 2011:
And I can't wait to put you in your place, collateral damage barbie doll.


►Feychick
Replied On Mar 28th 2011:
So now we just have heroes and villains taunting each other online? Things got weird when Midas showed up, but at least it's fun to watch.

Also, sweet office Midas

►FollowMyFluffyTail (Verified League of Villains Member) (Verified Cape)
Replied On Mar 28th 2011:
You have no idea how many times I've been bent over that desk, it's surprisingly comfortable!

Also, there were four heists, not three. What did I steal, I wonder~

►Winged_One
Replied On Mar 28th 2011:
An impressive scheme.

►Ultracut
Replied On Mar 28th 2011:
Man, it has not been the PRT's month, has it?


►ShadowStalker (Verified Cape)
Replied On Mar 28th 2011:
Good.

The PRT hasn't got a fucking clue what they're doing. Doesn't surprise me that Midas is running circles around them, bet Piggy must be about to burst with all these fuck ups.

End of Page. 1, 2, 3 ... 38, 39, 40

(Showing page 2 of 40)

►WagTheDog
Replied On Mar 28th 2011:
wait, aren't you a wanted villain now?

►ShadowStalker (Verified Cape)
Replied On Mar 28th 2011:
Wanted yes, but I'm not a villain

I'm an independent vigilante again, without the PRT trying to leash me and make me play by their rules.

Been taking the fight to the fucking Nazis now that I don't have Armsbastard and Piggy breathing down my neck


If they don't like it, they can try and catch me

►Vista (Wards ENE) (Verified Cape)
Replied On Mar 28th 2011:
Shadow, you need to be careful

The Empire shouldn't be taken so lightly and I doubt Midas just let you go for free.

►ShadowStalker (Verified Cape)
Replied On Mar 28th 2011:
Oh, so I should turn myself in so they can send me to juvie at the very best? Fuck that, I can handle myself, so go back to flicking yourself off over Gallant, I don't need your concern

►Vista (Wards ENE) (Verified Cape)
Replied On Mar 28th 2011:
…why did I even bother

►XxVoid_CowboyxX
Replied On Mar 28th 2011:
Ooh, catfight!

►Robby
Replied On Mar 28th 2011:
Are we ignoring the fact that Midas had a museum robbed to decorate his office? What happened to just going shopping?

►TheOracleOfBrocktonBay (Verified Cape)
Replied On Mar 28th 2011:
He's always liked having expensive things to make up for his lack of a personality

►TheGoldenKing (Verified Cape) (Verified League of Villains Member)
Replied On Mar 28th 2011:
Your tastes as just as expensive as mine, brother

I just have the means to acquire far finer things than you

►LaBrava (Verified Midas Fangirl)
Replied On Mar 28th 2011:
Your office is amazing, King Midas!

The statue definitely looks better there than in some dusty display case


►TheGoldenKing (Verified Cape) (Verified League of Villains Member)
Replied On Mar 28th 2011:
Thank you, my dear

I certainly appreciate your fervent support of me, watching you argue with my detractors has been something of a hobby of mine

End of Page. 1, 2, 3, 4 ... 38, 39, 40

■

Closing the page with a scowl, Battery rubbed her neck in annoyance.

They'd been played for fools. Again. What was that saying again, 'fool me once, shame on you, fool me twice, shame on me?'

So what did it mean when Midas had fooled them so many times?

In truth, she was thankful for him taking out the Merchants and Grapist, they were a festering blight on Brockton Bay, and she was happy to see them get crushed, but she couldn't deny things had been hard since Midas had shown up.

The Merchants were hard to deal with because they were like cockroaches, no matter how many you arrested, they'd rebuild fast using desperate hobos and junkies, but the Syndicate?

The Syndicate was an entirely different breed. Their men were well trained, well-armed, and had the support of the population.

The fact was that the people in Syndicate territory didn't want the heroes or law enforcement around, and a lot of them didn't hesitate to show it.

Plus, the League headquarters was sitting in the middle of his territory as a shining reminder that there were a lot of powerful capes nearby.

So, how do you fight a villain who was slowly sinking his claws into the city, when you couldn't risk going into his territory or seriously fighting his capes?

You didn't, apparently. It felt like Midas had the run of the city and it was driving her mad.

"Penny for your thoughts?" a soft voice asked, making her turn around and smile slightly as she spotted a slightly older woman in a skintight red and black outfit, with a yellow 'I' in the centre.

"Hey Elastigirl, I was just thinking about Midas. It feels like we're constantly playing defence against him, and we can't even seem to do that right," Battery admitted, making Elastigirl smile sadly.

"Dealing with powerful Thinkers usually ends like that. Sometimes I honestly prefer a good old fashioned Master. At least then you usually know when you're being controlled instead of second-guessing everything you do, wondering if you're playing into some Thinker's plans," she agreed, before pausing. "Also, call me Helen."

"Got it, Helen. And it's Jamie," Jamie said with a slight smile. "It still doesn't feel good to be stuck reacting to whatever Midas does."

"Indeed, I didn't realise just how badly Brockton Bay needed more heroes until I got here. It took Bob less than a day to get into a fight with a pair of giant Nazis. This city is certainly something," Helen laughed, making her chuckle.

"That's one way of putting it, I just hope this agreement with Prophet works out," Jamie shrugged.

"Ah, I heard about that. I have to say, the concept of having my powers upgraded is almost tempting enough for me to seek him out myself, but I doubt I could afford his rates," Helen said with a shrug.

"Possibly, but we don't even know what his rates are yet. A part of me thinks him and Midas are playing a long con, making a superpower arms race with them as the only two suppliers," Jamie admitted, making Helen sigh.

"But if Midas is upgrading villains, we can't fall behind or we risk losing so much more than whatever Prophet demands as payment," Helen finished, making her nod. "It's quite the position for them to be in, neither side gains any true advantage while they both benefit. Of course, we'd probably never be able to prove it even if it was true, still…" Helen trailed off.

"Still?"

"I'm going to talk with the Director to see if I can get permission to approach Prophet. I can think of several upgrades or modifications that could help my family, and the longer we wait the more Midas pulls ahead," Helen said, clapping her hands together.

"You sure you want to risk that?" Jamie asked, making her laugh.

"I've been a hero for a good long while now, there's not much I haven't seen or done. I've dealt with plenty of Thinkers, Trumps and Masters. I can handle Prophet," Helen said with a small grin.

Author's Note: Spoiler Alert, she can't handle Prophet.

Elden Ring is fun, as such I fully expect uploads to slow down somewhat. I apologise for nothing.

I am entirely motivated by praise and interaction, so leave reviews and I'll probably write faster.

I have a discord server (technically someone else's but my name is on the server so it's basically mine) with a bunch of other authors and a load of porn. Here's the link for that: discord .gg/wd3tUYWVCd

I also have a bad P word that FF doesn't like, what's on it? Right now, nothing that you can't find elsewhere and I don't know if that will change, to be honest, I don't like the idea of paywalling content but I also like money to fund my pizza and games addiction, so here's the link for that as well: Pat reon . com/TheDarkWolfShiro
Last edited: Mar 9, 2022
"Sanity and happiness are an impossible combination."
― Mark Twain

​
My Discord, come here for porn and also sometimes fics: https://discord.gg/wd3tUYWVCd

My Patreon, I promise to spend any money given to me irresponsibly: https://www.patreon.com/TheDarkWolfShiro​
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:high, Torlok, gartf and 1,187 others
The Dark Wolf Shiro
Mar 9, 2022
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 21: Ride the Wave
View content
The Dark Wolf Shiro
The Dark Wolf Shiro
Everyone Hail to the Pumpkin King
JoinedApr 1, 2019
Messages9,336
Likes received960,957
Mar 16, 2022
Add bookmark
#3,705
Disclaimer: I own nothing but my original characters and works, if you recognise it from somewhere else, surprise it isn't mine.
Betad by morde24, OoalGown, Hermes, Priapus and TheDonFluffles


The Guild of Gamers: The Supervillain
Chapter 21: Ride the Wave

— Carol Dallon (Brandish) —

"That… that bastard, the unfaithful piece of shit," Sarah started ranting as Carol sat in Prophet's office, the information broker calmly waiting for her to run out of fuel and stop ranting as Sarah paced around the expensive office.

Her confrontation with Amy was stuck in the forefront of her mind, well aware that if Amy decided to spill the beans it would destroy New Wave completely.

"Look at the date on that one, the stupid bastard couldn't even wait six months after our wedding before he got into some stupid fangirl's pants!" Sarah half-shouted, the files Jin had gathered in her hands damning evidence of her husband's infidelity.

It wasn't like her kind, loving, sister to be so angry, which only reminded her of how fucked she'd be if Amy told anyone.

"I'm sorry it ended up like this, I was half hoping to prove that the rumours were false but…" Jin trailed off with a small frown on his fairly handsome face.

The fact that he was willing to unmask for them made her trust him more, even if he said he did it because of Vicky.

"It's fine, Jin. You did exactly what I asked you to, it's not your fault my complete bastard of a husband can't keep it in his pants," Sarah said with a deep sigh, collapsing into one of the chairs in front of Jin's desk as Jin stood up and poured a glass of expensive brandy, Sarah's favourite brandy in fact.

It was little things like that which made her paranoid when it came to Thinkers, the subtle display of power, the insinuation that they knew everything about you, but if Sarah was worried about his obvious knowledge of her she didn't show it, quickly downing the glass and accepting the second glass Jin had already poured her.

"Thanks, Jin," Sarah said with a frown. "I can't even divorce the dick, not without confirming all the rumours, I'll need to work out what the hell I'm going to do about him," Sarah groaned before she paused and gave Jin a look. "I don't suppose you could give me another massage, would you? I could really use some stress relief, you can add it onto my tab."

"Of course, in fact, why don't you head to the massage room? I have something I need to discuss with Carol first anyway," Jin said with a small smile, making her smile as she stood up.

"You're a lifesaver, Jin," Sarah said as she hugged him, kissing him on the cheek.

"I try," Jin replied easily, watching Sarah leave the room before he turned to her, staring her down as he took a sip of his own drink. "I find myself at something of an impasse," Jin started as she blinked.

"Is this about Amy?" Carol asked, making him chuckle.

"No, this is about you," Jin said, making her blink before she paled. "You and Neil, to be exact."

"O-oh," Carol said, feeling incredibly small as Jin stared at her knowingly.

"On one hand, the right thing to do is to tell Sarah that her husband had an affair with her sister, to tell Vicky that Neil is her father, and as a hero, I try and do the right thing as often as I can," Jin said, watching her turn an unhealthy shade of white.

"I-" Carol started, before trailing off. What could she say?

"But that would hurt Vicky, Sarah, and destroy New Wave entirely," Jin continued, making her look at him hopefully.

"You- you won't tell them?" Carol asked, making him chuckle.

"I won't, but that's not entirely fair is it?" Jin asked as he walked over to her. "Stand up."

Unwilling to argue with him, she rose to her feet quickly.

"I can make all this go away, the rumours and the evidence," Jin started, grabbing her chin and forcing her to look up into his eyes. "I can even deal with Midas, I have something he values more than hurting New Wave, so I can get him to agree to stop stirring up trouble."

"But?" Carol asked, making him chuckle again.

"But then you get away with it, don't you? You've been a bad girl and if I keep your secret, you get away with it despite your years of hypocrisy. So I will keep your secret, but I'll punish you myself. Simply put, you work for me now," Jin said, making her eyes widen as she went to argue before she went quiet again. "Nothing to say?"

"What do you mean, I work for you?" Carol asked, making him smile. "And how are you going to punish me?"

Being called a bad girl by someone younger than her annoyed her, but what could she even do? Argue and have him decide to do what would be the right thing in every other scenario?

"I mean exactly that, you work for me. If I tell you to do something, I expect you to be a good girl and do it," Jin started, making her glare at him. "It won't be that bad, you'll get free power upgrades out of it for you and the rest of New Wave. I have the best intentions for New Wave. I'm going to turn your PR problem around and make you guys the ideal for independents, your family won't suffer for your crimes."

"I- I don't exactly have a choice, do I?" Carol asked with a glare, making him smile. She had no idea what to think about him, he was blackmailing her, claiming he'd punish her, all while saying he'd help her family?

"I just upgraded your power, you'll be able to see, hear and control your movement while in your breaker form now," Jin said, instead of answering as her eyes widened in shock and some disguised hope. "But no, you don't. You'll be doing a photoshoot like Vicky, Crystal and Sarah soon. You don't mind, do you?" Jin asked, making her scowl even as she shook her head.

"No, I can do that," Carol agreed, making him smirk. A photoshoot was easily enough done, and despite her doubts they'd been incredibly successful so far.

"Good girl, when you get home I want you to look through your clothes and choose the ones you believe are sexiest, then you'll change into them and send me pictures of you wearing them, is that clear?" Jin ordered, making her pause as she looked up at him with a glare. That was less easily done.

"You pervert…" Carol growled, making him laugh quietly.

"Now, now… if it was just for my pleasure, I could have you put on a show for me right here, couldn't I?" Jin asked, making her pause.

If he told her to strip, would she do it?

Yes, yes she would. She'd do a lot to stop people from finding out about her affair, and Vicky's true father. She didn't even want to think about what the revelation would do to Mark.

"And you'll make the rumours go away if I play along?" Carol asked after a moment, making him nod.

"I will," Jin agreed. "Now, Sarah is waiting for me and you have some work to do, off you go."

Being ordered around stung her pride, but she'd have to get used to it. Her mistake had come back to haunt her and all she could do was try and limit the damage.

"I'll send the pictures later today," Carol promised, forcing down her pride as she glowered at him.


"Good girl."

— Sarah Pelham (Lady Photon) —

As Jin entered the room, she smiled at him as she saw him pause mid-step, his eyes roaming over her utterly naked body as she sat on the edge of the massage bed, her legs spread wide to give him a clear view of her slightly glistening lower folds.

"Someone is eager," Jin said with a lazy smile, making her giggle as she hopped off the bed and walked towards him, stopping in front of him.

"I was hoping to experience the full massage this time, what was it Crystal said? Oh yes. A deep tissue massage," Sarah said, pressing her body against Jin's as he raised an eyebrow, feeling her modest breasts pressing against his chest.

"Well, I'd be happy to do that but…" Jin started, before pausing as he placed a hand on her cheek gently. "Are you sure? I don't want you to rush into a decision like this and regret it later," Jin said, glancing at the empty glass as she smiled kindly.

"I'm sure, I'm not that much of a lightweight, and I want this. I felt guilty before because I couldn't stop thinking about how good your hands felt on my body, I even touched myself thinking about you… but if Neil isn't going to be faithful, why should I?" Sarah asked as she reached down and groped his crotch through his trousers. "Let me be clear, so there's no misunderstandings at all. I want you to fuck me. I want you to use me, to make me your 'super-slut' as Crystal so lewdly put it."

"Well, with such a passionate request how could I say no?" Jin asked, smirking as she reached up and slowly undid his shirt, revealing a muscular chest, before giving him a smirk and dropping to her knees.

"You've helped me a lot, so let me start to return the favour," Sarah said as she undid his belt, pulling his trousers down and smiling as his hard cock popped free of his tight boxers, slapping against her face. "It looks like you have some tension as well, I don't have your magic hands but I'm sure I can help you out."

Grasping his length with her slender fingers, she slowly started to stroke him before she leaned forwards and placed a soft kiss on the tip, then started to kiss and lick her way down to the base of his shaft, her other hand fondling his balls.

Hearing him groan in pleasure, she smiled up at him as she moved back up and parted her lips, taking the bulbous head of his cock into her mouth and starting to move her tongue, determined to give him as much pleasure as possible. She owed him that much.

— Jin Yukimura —

Leaning against the massage bed, I reach down and grab Sarah's blonde locks, guiding her further down my shaft.

I finished the Mad Scientist quest with all my Tinkering and then another Cult Leader quest, simply by being myself which is a rather telling thing, and I got a new power out of it.

Mad Scientist
[The Science of Slavery]
You've learnt how to make all manner of equipment to help ensure your less willing subordinates remain obedient, including slave collars and implants.

Cult Leader
[The Debt must be Paid] - Master
When people believe they owe you, they will become increasingly determined to pay you back in whatever way they can. The deeper they believe the debt to be, the more they are willing to do to return the favour.

Sarah feels like she owes me a lot, so much in fact that I could probably get her to do just about anything for me, and she'd think it was her idea.

I have some ideas for the Mad Scientist one, but that's for later, right now I have a sexy heroine to focus on.

— Sarah Pelham (Lady Photon) —

Taking him deeper into her mouth, she maintained eye contact with Jin as the head of his cock pushed past her uvula and into her throat, a good portion of his length following suit.

She hadn't done this in ages, but sucking a dick was like riding a bike, and she'd been told she gave amazing head before.

She'd never admit it, but she was even more of a party girl than Crystal in college, so this position, (on her knees happily giving a blowjob), was downright nostalgic.

It sucked to be Neil, because he'd never see her like this again. She couldn't divorce him any time soon, but she'd be having words with him when she got back.

She could taste the familiar salty flavour of his precum on her tongue as she bobbed her head, sucking and lapping at the dick in her mouth, before bringing it back into her throat and repeatedly swallowing, so as to make her oesophagus convulse and writhe around his cock.

"Fuck, Sarah…" Jin groaned, making her attempt to smile proudly around the dick that still rested in her spasming throat. She still had it.

Closing her eyes she drew back, before rapidly facefucking herself on his length, the head of his cock ramming into the back of her mouth and throat, causing her to choke and drool. Luckily, it wasn't like she had to worry about looking professional, they were a little bit past that point.

She could feel him tensing in preparation, but she kept obediently sucking as twitches were replaced by grunts, his cum shooting down her gullet with surprising force.

Waiting for it to stop, she happily swallowed his entire load with little trouble, smirking up at him as she finally pulled back, his cock released from her lips with a satisfying pop.

"Damn, and I thought Crystal was good," Jin groaned, making her giggle slightly. It was good to know she still had it, and if Crystal ever found out about this she'd have something to tease her about.

Standing up, she yelped in surprise as Jin suddenly moved forwards, grabbing her and pulling her towards him then bending her over the massage bed as she grinned, seeing him still hard and ready as she spread her legs for him, feeling his hand move between her legs, a thick finger pushing between her folds.

"Someone is excited," Jin teased, feeling the wetness coming from her tight slit.

"It's been a while, and I think you'll be better than Neil," Sarah said, voice breathy as she bit her lip. He moved forwards and pressed the lubricated tip of his cock against her wet pussy, gripping her hips. "Go on, fuck me. Pump my married pussy full of your cum, send me home with your seed leaking down my thigh," Sarah said lewdly, moaning as he tightened his grip on her hips and pulled her back, impaling her on his shaft.

And there it was, after over a decade of being the faithful wife, she was suddenly full of another man's cock.

And it felt so damn good, Neil could go fuck himself. She certainly wasn't going to do it.

— Later —

"So they're telling the truth?" Crystal asked, making her nod seriously. "And you want me to play nice with dad, even with him cheating on you? Seriously?"

"I want you to play nice, in public. I'm not asking you to forgive him, I certainly haven't. He'll be sleeping in the guest room from now on, and the only reason I'm not divorcing him is that we can't take the bad PR right now," Sarah said calmly, making Crystal scowl.


"And why the hell are you so calm about this?" Crystal asked, before pausing. "Actually, you seem way too relaxed… no way~ you got even, didn't you?" Crystal asked, her scowl growing into a sly smirk.

"I don't kiss and tell, but Jin has helped me work off a lot of the stress your idiot father caused, and I helped work off some of his stress, that's all," Sarah replied, her lips twitching slightly as Crystal giggled. It felt silly to brag about her conquests with her own daughter, but she wanted to tell someone.

"You go, mom. Maybe you should record it and make dad watch. Huh, so Jin's now banged three out of five female members of New Wave? Wanna place bets on how long it takes him to complete the set?" Crystal asked, making her roll her eyes.

Crystal has always been a momma's girl, and frankly, Neil wasn't the most attentive father, or the most attentive husband. He liked the thrill of being a hero, far more than he liked the responsibility of family life.

"Must you be so crass? And I highly doubt that will happen, Amy has a boyfriend now and Carol is… well, Carol," Sarah said with a chuckle.

"True, those two are way too serious for that," Crystal said with a playful shrug. "Guess my plans for a New Wave sixsome have gone down in flames before they could even start."

— Amy Dallon (Panacea) —

Pinned under Midas, she moaned lewdly as he thrust his hips forwards and sheathed himself inside her, the all too familiar fullness making her smile as she kissed him.

— Carol Dallon (Brandish) —

Glaring at her phone, she forced down her anger as she moved to her underwear drawer.

She'd already sent him dozens of pictures of her in different outfits, but he wasn't satisfied yet.

'Move on to your underwear now, I need to know if you have sexy underwear or if I need to buy you some.'

The nerve of this man.

Still, she knew she didn't really have a choice thanks to her current predicament as she removed the slim black dress she was wearing and her plain white underwear, picking out an incredibly lacy red pair, briefly feeling a sting of pain.

She bought this set to try and lit a spark of passion in Mark again, but that was a waste of time, and now as she took a picture of it, it was for her daughter's boyfriend's viewing pleasure.

Moving on to a few different sets of underwear, he picked out the ones for her to wear on her photoshoot, and for a moment she thought it was over.

'Now remove your bra.'

Scowling again, she glared at the phone.

'Why? What's that going to show?'

'That you will do as you're told, Carol. I thought I was clear about the power balance between us. Be a good girl and remove your bra.'

This piece of shit…

Reaching back she unclipped her bra reluctantly and turned to face the mirror again, snapping a picture and sending it off.

How the hell did she end up in this position?

'I can see where Vicky gets it, remove your panties and we'll call it a day.'

Openly growling, she gripped her panties and pushed them down, taking the final photo, her anger clear in the picture, she sent them to her blackmailer.

She couldn't do anything about his power over her, but also… her power upgrade was a godsend.

Not many knew that she was claustrophobic, and her power used to leave her unable to see, trapped in a dark, tight space. A cruel twist of fate, which Prophet conveniently fixed for her.

She had no doubt he knew her power triggered her claustrophobia, of course he did. It made the modification so much more meaningful.

She couldn't help but be grateful, even as she sent him a picture of her naked body, that he'd probably touch himself to.

Maybe he'd even decide to skip the games and take her directly, and she'd have no real choice but to let him.

'How is this punishment?'

'Are you saying you don't feel degraded, powerless? Don't worry, we'll talk more about how I'm going to punish you after your photoshoot, this is just the start.'

Prophet managed to simultaneously make her grateful for all the help he was giving her and New Wave, while also making her hate him for taking advantage of his power over her.

'Fine, enjoy touching yourself to my pictures you degenerate.'

She shouldn't have said that, but her pride was too stung to focus.

'Why would I touch myself? Vicky is always happy to give me a helping hand, or mouth, or whatever else I want.'

And then there was that, his relationship with Vicky. She couldn't try and split them up, and Vicky wouldn't listen to her anyway.

'But since you seem so happy, why don't you go and take a bath, take your phone with you. I'd like some pictures of you nice and wet, you don't mind do you?'

Taunting him was definitely the wrong decision.

She forced down her response and didn't reply as she sighed and went to the bathroom, running herself a bath and lowering into it.

Taking a picture of herself laying in the bath, her breasts above the water glistening as she glared at the camera, she reluctantly sent it to Jin.

God help her if these pictures ever got leaked. She quickly deleted them from her own phone, not wanting a repeat of Vicky's mistakes.

'Good girl, you can listen. You look good, but I imagine you'll look even better in person. I'll tell you when it's time for the photoshoot.'

She despised the fact that she had to do what he told her to, but she appreciated everything he did. It was an unpleasant position to be in, even ignoring that she was sending nice pictures of herself to her daughter's older lover.

Jin was a piece of shit, and one she owed entirely too much too even without the blackmail hanging over her head.

— Aisha Laborn —

"I've finished my chores, sir," Aisha said as she stood in front of Midas's desk, making the handsome older man give her a small smile as he stood up and walked around it towards her, placing a hand on her head and gently stroking her hair.

"In record time no less, you've been doing well lately, Aisha," Midas said with a small smile.

"Well, you've been really good to me… for someone who kidnapped me, life here is way better than it was back home, so I wanted to thank you," Aisha said with a smile, looking up at him before she smirked and pushed her body against his. "In any way I can…"

She knew he'd brush her advances off, he always did, but she enjoyed it all the same.

"Oh really?" Midas asked, returning her smirk as he moved his hand down from her head and wrapped it around her waist, making her eyes widen in shock.

This was new but she wasn't the type to back down even when she absolutely should.

"Yes, sir… is there anything else I can help you with? Maybe you could use some company to keep you… entertained while you work?" Aisha asked, pushing her small budding breasts against him as she felt his hand wander lower, gently squeezing her butt over her maid uniform dress before he let go and backed up making her pout.

"Perhaps later, but there are a couple of things I'd like to discuss with you first," Midas said easily as she pouted up at him, watching him sit down on the couch of his office.

Ignoring the seat next to him, she decided to get back at him for teasing her as she moved and sat down, directly in his lap, facing him as she straddled him.

"And what would that be, sir?" Aisha asked, making him chuckle even as she deliberately ground herself against him. She didn't like being told no, and she hated losing even more.

This was a game now, if he gave in and took her, she won.

"How would you like to be a Cape?" Midas asked, making her freeze in place as she stared at him in shock, trying to work out if he was serious. "It wouldn't be a strong power, not yet anyway but I can grant you a low-level brute and mover rating, and White Rabbit has offered to take you under her wing."

"Are you being serious?" Aisha asked, making him nod easily with a smile.

"I reward good behaviour, you've been a good girl and good girls get gifts," Midas answered, her mind racing.

"What's the catch?" Aisha asked, making him smirk.

"The catch is simple, once I grant you power, you are mine, forever. You're here to keep your brother in line, but if I give you power, make you a cape… I'll never let you go," Midas said seriously, making her scoff.

"That's all? Who says I want you to let me go? You're stuck with me now," Aisha said with a smirk.

What did she have to go back to? A drugged-up mom, an absent dad and a brother who couldn't decide whether he wanted to hover over her or disappear for weeks. Fuck going back, Brian was the one she really still cared about and he worked for Midas.

He'd just have to accept that she wasn't going to play schoolgirl while he went and did his cape shit, while badly pretending he wasn't a cape.

Plus, her dad would be better off without her and her mother… well, she was still hoping to get her kidnapped by Midas.

"Is that so?" Midas asked, giving her a smirk. "Well, I can live with that. We can work on giving you your power later, but secondly…" Midas said, his hands gripping her ass again as he stood up, lifting her with him before he placed her down. "Follow me."

Without waiting for a response, he started walking as she quickly followed behind him, taking the familiar path towards the prisons, to her old 'room'.

With Sherrel practically living in the garage and her being promoted from prisoner to maid, they were basically empty (except the isolation room and she didn't even ask who was locked up in there), but as they walked into the prison her eyes widened, spotting a familiar woman sitting on her old bed.

"She took a surprisingly long time to track down, she wasn't smart enough to go to one of the clinics and with her dealers driven out of town, she was deep in withdrawal syndrome when my men found her," Midas explained easily.

"A-Aisha? What are you- where am I?" Celia asked, standing up from the bed as she looked over at them.

"Hello, Mrs Laborn. I am King Midas, a supervillain if you've been too high to notice what's happening around the city. You are currently in my lair, on account of the fact that I had you kidnapped, and that clearness of mind is because I've had the drugs in your system flushed. Welcome back to sobriety," Midas said, his posh tone almost mocking as she snorted.

"I know who you are, you're the one who beat the Merchants… why am I here? Why is Aisha here?" Celia asked quickly, looking between them.

"Aisha is here as leverage to keep Brian obedient, he works for me and he started to have second thoughts about this whole villainy thing, which frankly isn't an option for him. You're here because Aisha asked me to have you grabbed," Midas answered, making Celia look at her.

"I figured you'd do something stupid with your dealers gone," Aisha admitted, watching Celia pale slightly.

"Considering the state she was found in, you were right to worry," Midas said bluntly, making her scoff.

"W-what is going to happen to me?" Celia asked, making Midas smirk again.

"Frankly, I don't care about you. You could serve as additional leverage against Brian but he's been behaving since I had Aisha grabbed, so I've decided to leave your fate in Aisha's hands as a reward for her good work," Midas said, making her turn to him. "With your future role, I thought she could take over doing your chores, and as something of a test, that I'd put her under your control."

"What do you mean, my control?" Aisha asked, watching as he pulled out a slim metal collar and passed it to her.

"This is a Tinkertech slave collar, it doesn't master the wearer at all but it helps ensure their obedience in other ways," Midas said, passing it over to her. "I have two choices for you, firstly we could leave her here, she'd be safe and secure locked away down here, and we can just forget she's even here… or she can work directly under you. Your first minion, so to speak. She'll be expected to perform certain chores, and her failures will reflect upon you. If you prove yourself capable of handling a subordinate, I'll consider granting you a small gang to assist in your own endeavours."

"Wait, you want me to become a gang leader?" Aisha asked, her eyes wide as he smirked.

"Under me, of course, but yes. You have immense potential, Aisha, and it has been utterly wasted. The choice is yours, we can continue as things have been if you've grown attached to your maid outfit," Midas teased as she gave him a dirty look for a moment, before she felt her lips curve into a grin.

Aisha Laborn, badass cape gang boss. It sounded damn good.

"You know I'm always happy to be under you, boss. What do I have to do?" Aisha asked, watching as Midas gestured at the cell door and it opened.

"Place the collar around her neck," Midas commanded. "Celia, step out of the cell."

"A-Aisha, please-" Celia started, before she went quiet at a look from Midas, stepping forwards on shaky legs as she stared at them.

Her mother was pretty tall, making reaching her neck somewhat difficult, but Midas thought of that.

"Celia, kneel."

Unwilling to argue against the supervillain, her mother dropped to her knees in front of them, watching in worry as Aisha walked forwards, the open collar in her hand.

"I-I'm your mother…"

"Funny, I've thought something similar before, 'But I'm your daughter' then you sold my body to get high," Aisha whispered back, her tone glacial. Celia flinched back as Aisha placed the collar around her neck and watched it seal shut.

"That won't happen ever again, her life is in your hands now, Aisha. You hold the power over her," Midas said, his hands resting on her shoulders reassuringly. "Follow me, both of you."

Once again not waiting for them to answer, Midas set off into the base again, making her quickly follow behind, glaring at Celia as she made sure her junkie mom was following behind.

Heading back towards the living quarters area, Midas went through a door she was fairly certain wasn't there before, making her pause as she stepped into what looked like a very fancy apartment.

If it wasn't for the lack of windows, you wouldn't be able to tell it was underground at all, looking around the living room with the expensive looking couch and massive tv and sound system.

It wasn't until she spotted her console sitting in the entertainment unit that she realised this was for her.

"I thought you'd like to have an actual house instead of just a singular room, now that there are two of you," Midas explained as he showed them to the bedrooms.

One had a massive king-sized bed, lavishly decorated and incredibly comfy, while the other was incredibly plain with a simple single bed.

"It's up to you to decide if and when Celia has earnt more comforts, there's a computer in your bedroom where you can order new furniture," Midas explained, making her smile. "As for what she'll wear, I've had a few different uniforms arranged for her, but it's up to you which she is to wear."

As he said that, he gestured to the wardrobe making her move over to it.

Some of the outfits were very professional, ranging from a bigger version of her prudish maid uniform to jumpsuits like the other minions, but she saw one that made her immediately grab it, a smirk growing on her lips.

"This one. Here minion, put it on." Aisha tossed the outfit towards her mother, making the older woman's eyes widen as she looked down at it. "Now."

"Here, the remote for her collar, only you can use it," Midas said, passing her a small remote. "Her collar is set to limit her movements to the base, but I doubt I need to tell you what the big button does."

Immediately pressing it, Celia let out a shriek of pain as electricity coursed through her body, making Aisha's eyes widen.

"I believe Aisha told you to get changed, Celia. That was the weakest setting, would you like to experience the higher intensity?"

"I-okay, I'll do it!" Celia whimpered as she quickly removed her t-shirt and bra, ignoring the audience as Aisha saw Midas's eyes briefly glance at her mother's fairly small breasts.

She'd unfortunately inherited her mother's more slim form.

Her jeans and panties went next as Celia stripped, making a strange feeling fill her chest. Her mother was obeying her. She really did hold power over her.

Celia quickly put on the black bra with white frills, and the matching tiny maid apron, barely reaching her mid-thighs as she looked at them awkwardly, the apron barely long enough to cover her naked pussy or ass.

"Excellent choice, my dear," Midas said, patting her on the head gently. "Celia, why don't you spend some time growing accustomed to your new life, we have something else to do now."

"I- yes, sir."

"Good girl," Midas said, making Celia flinch as he turned and walked out of the room. "Aisha, there are some exercise clothes in your room, in the top drawer on the left as you enter. Go and get changed, so we can get you powered up."

Needing no further incentive, she rushed into her room and practically ripped her maid uniform off, finding some tight yoga pants and sports bra waiting for her.

It wasn't until she'd already finished stripping that she noticed Midas stood at the door, watching her with a smirk.

Not backing down, she made sure to bend over and stick her amazing ass out towards him (she wasn't biased, promise) as she pulled the skin-tight yoga pants up, making him chuckle.

Turning towards him before she put the bra on, she made sure he got a good look at her small chocolate breasts.

Her ass was her best feature, but that didn't mean she didn't have anything going on up top.

"So, what now boss man, or did you just want a show?" Aisha asked as she walked up to him, making him chuckle.

"Aisha, if I wanted a show I'd just tell you to strip, maybe put on a little dance as well, the show was an added benefit." The admission made her grin, she was making progress. "No, now we move to the gym and I put my Trump power to work."

Heading to the gym, she noticed a selection of minions already there, including that cheating bastard Bob, all working out under the instruction of… Midas?

Wait, didn't they walk past Bob on the way here?

"Don't think about it too hard, my dear. I have two bodies now. Just don't worry too much about it. You'll be receiving a rather more focused tutoring. I want to see if it alters the effectiveness of my power. Firstly, let's see what your current limits are."

Midas was obviously treating this as an experiment, measuring her top speed on the treadmill, how much she could lift, how hard she could punch before they started working out properly.

If Midas was a little too hands on as he guided her, she didn't mention it as she felt his hand enjoy a quick squeeze of her backside while correcting her posture,

She doubted that this was even doing anything at first, but as the weights in her hands started to feel lighter and lighter, her eyes widened. Hours passed and she realised that she wasn't getting tired.

The treadmill adapted with her speed, and it wasn't until she spotted the display that she even realised how fast she was moving.

She was running at a stable 60 kilometres per hour, without really straining herself. She was a Cape, and as she started to push herself… it felt so fucking good.

"Interesting, you've all been raised to the same level regardless of your starting point, equally interesting is the fact that you gained the same boost that all the minions did, even though I was training twenty of them at the same time," Midas said, mostly to himself as he looked over the data.

He was totally experimenting on her, but she didn't give a singular shit.

"Now, the next test," Midas said, placing his hand on her cheek as he smirked. "I can upgrade the powers that I grant. How intriguing, a boost to your reaction times should be an adequate start," Midas said, and she felt something change in her.

Moving his hand away from her, her eyes widened as she saw his other fist lash out towards her face, dodging to the side as he jabbed at her.

"…could you really not think of a better way to test that?" Aisha asked, making him chuckle.

"I couldn't think of a faster way, at any rate," Midas shrugged, even as she grinned.

She was a fucking Cape, she had powers.

"Now you just need to learn how to fight, and you'll be ready to start your apprenticeship in villainy," Midas teased.

"Hey, I know how to fight!" Aisha argued, making him smile.

"You know how to throw a punch, but I expect better than that. Thankfully, someone has volunteered to mentor you," Midas said, making her eyebrows rise before her eyes shot open, spotting Bob standing next to Midas. "Bob, I expect you to bring her up to standards."

"Will do, boss," Bob said as he turned to her, making her pale as she saw the look in his eyes. "Get ready, girly. This is gonna hurt."

"Pft, I'm a cape now, I'll be fine."

— Later —

Collapsing into her bed, she audibly groaned as her every muscle ached. She'd had sore muscles in places didn't even know she had.

Bob was, and always would be, a bastard. He definitely enjoyed tossing her around like a rag doll, and having two bodies was just cheating.

She was diverted from mentally cursing her new instructor by the fact that her mother had actually made her a meal.

It wasn't until nearly ten minutes after she collapsed that she noticed the note from Midas on the bedside table.

'One final thing, my dear. The next time you decide to tease me, I'll be taking you up on your offer, so I suggest you think carefully about what you want because once you take that final step, there's no backing out.'

Heh, she'd totally won. He should know by now, she didn't back down.

Besides, why would she want to? He'd given her so much and asked for so little.

— Jin Yukimura —

Having two bodies opens up so many potential schemes. I've already sent my second body to play Prophet in his club but that's thinking too small.

When I was messing with the merchants, I played the part of a serial killer and then I stopped using it after I succeeded in wiping out the Merchants.

But why stop there when I have a persona that I can use to… remove problematic pieces from the board that is Brockton Bay.

So, with that in mind, I've picked my next class to prepare for that.

[The Assassin]
The Assassin is a combat/stealth-based start, granting you a random Stranger power, a random Blaster power and an Assassin perk.

[Presence Concealment] - Stranger
You have gained the ability to erase your presence, becoming invisible and nearly undetectable to most means, human or cape.

[Pew Pew Noises Sold Separately] - Blaster
You have gained the dream power of many young children, the power of finger guns. Far more serious than it sounds, you can fire near-invisible bolts of energy from your fingers, capable of ripping through flesh with ease.

[Strike Unseen] - Perk
When attacking an unaware target, your first attack deals more damage and bypasses most resistances.

I will not be making pew pew noises …out loud.


— Bonus Scene — Manami Aiba —

Sitting at her computer as usual, she paused her argument with Void as she spotted a new pm.

She could go back to pointing out the hundreds of flaws in Void's argument that King Midas was a Master later.

Opening up her PMs, she froze as she spotted the name at the top of it.

TheGoldenKing: I see you're hard at work as always, I truly appreciate all the work you've done.

Fingers trembling, she quickly typed out a response, going over it to make sure she didn't make any mistakes.

LaBrava: It's nothing compared to the work you've done for Brockton Bay! I couldn't just sit aside and watch people slander you.

TheGoldenKing: And I'm incredibly grateful, I do spend too much time arguing with a certain neanderthal online as it is. That said, I'm afraid I have to confess something you might be unhappy about.

TheGoldenKing: I was curious about just who was spending so much time supporting me, and I let my curiosity overcome me. So, allow me to thank you Manami, for all your support.

Oh god, he looked into her? He had to be so disappointed to know that she was just some shut-in midget, unworthy of his attention.

TheGoldenKing: But moving on to the main reason I reached out to you. I'd like to meet you face to face, I have an offer I wish to discuss with you.

LaBrava: You want to meet with me? But I'm just- I'm not worth your time.

TheGoldenKing: I will decide who is and isn't worth my time, and I very much disagree with you on that matter. Is that a no?

Like she'd ever say no to King Midas. Of course, she hadn't left her house in weeks but she'd have to deal with it.

LaBrava: If you're sure, I'd be happy to meet with you? When and where do you want to meet? I'm free whenever.

TheGoldenKing: How about right now, at your house?

As he sent that, she heard her front doorbell ring, making her eyes widen as she realised what that meant.

King Midas was outside her house.

Oh god, she was keeping him waiting.

Jumping up she didn't even think about anything else as she rushed to the door, grabbing the door handle and turning it before she froze.

Looking down at herself, she cursed her shut-in nature, taking in her outfit.

Which was nothing but her plain ugly underwear.

She should get dressed, but she couldn't keep Midas waiting outside.

Making her mind up, she opened the door and went red as she spotted the handsome older man at the door.

"Well, hello Miss Aiba. Perhaps I should have given you more warning, but if it gets me such a view I truly can't complain," Midas said, his voice sounding exactly like it did in the videos she watched on repeat.

"I- Erm, I—" she blushed as Midas' chuckle interrupted her stuttering.

"May I come in?" he asked, with a small smile.

"You can do whatever you want!" Manami squeaked as he chuckled.

"Oh? Well, isn't that an intriguing offer. Then let's take this inside and we can talk about what I want to do," Midas teased, walking into the house and closing the door behind him.

Author's Note: I know, I know, I've done three chapters of supervillain in a row. It won the poll on discord.

I'm trying a new upload pattern where I have a checklist with all my stories on it, and when I upload one of them I'll be ticking it off. That story won't be updated again until all my fics have been updated, so the love should get spread out to all my works, stopping ones from getting left behind for so long (looking at you SA, I'll get back to you soon, I promise).

Hermes' Note: And I hope SA isn't the last to be written!!!

OoalGown's Note: Amen to that!

TheDonFluffles' Note: Personally, I'm hoping for Freedom.

Priapus' Note: I'm certainly not complaining about 3 SV in a row.

TheDonFluffles' Note: Me neither, Priapus, me neither.


I am entirely motivated by praise and interaction, so leave a review and I'll probably write faster.

I have a discord server (technically someone else's but my name is on the server so it's basically mine) with a bunch of other authors and a load of porn. Here's the link for that: discord .gg/wd3tUYWVCd

I also have a bad P word that FF doesn't like, what's on it? Right now, nothing that you can't find elsewhere and I don't know if that will change to be honest, I don't like the idea of paywalling content but I also like money to fund my pizza and games addiction, so here's the link for that as well: Pat reon . com/TheDarkWolfShiro




"Sanity and happiness are an impossible combination."
― Mark Twain

​
My Discord, come here for porn and also sometimes fics: https://discord.gg/wd3tUYWVCd

My Patreon, I promise to spend any money given to me irresponsibly: https://www.patreon.com/TheDarkWolfShiro​
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:high, Torlok, gartf and 1,146 others
The Dark Wolf Shiro
Mar 16, 2022
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 22: Hard Work Pays Off
View content
The Dark Wolf Shiro
The Dark Wolf Shiro
Everyone Hail to the Pumpkin King
JoinedApr 1, 2019
Messages9,336
Likes received960,957
Aug 11, 2022
Add bookmark
#3,795
Disclaimer: I own nothing but my original characters and works, if you recognise it from somewhere else, surprise it isn't mine.
Betad by morde24, Atrius, Hermes, Priapus, Old man of the mountain and TheDonFluffles


The Guild of Gamers: The Supervillain
Chapter 22: Hard Work Pays Off

— Kazuho Haneyama (Popstep) —

She honestly liked Uber and Leet, despite Leet's obvious crush on her that she just didn't return. Aside from being quite a bit older than her, he was not her type and way too awkward.

But at times like this she regretted her genius plan to turn the two former-villains into vigilantes instead. Honestly, not much had actually changed other than them targeting the thugs of various gangs instead of civilians.

"Again? How?! I'm literally cheating. How is he still beating us?" Leet shouted at the screen, Uber leaning forwards with a scowl as he focused on the game.

If only they put so much effort into their work as they did their games, but alas. Secretly cheering on their new nemesis, only known as 'BobtheBeast', she went back to planning her questions.

She hadn't expected Midas, the very definition of a major villain, to agree to let her interview him on her show, but she definitely wasn't going to look a gift horse in the mouth.

Midas had even shared a private contact number, and he'd been incredibly cordial so far. Midas was a rising star in the world of villainy, his name was quickly spreading across America and even worldwide, and you don't get that powerful by playing nice. She'd be lying if she said she wasn't at least slightly afraid of him.

Which was why it was so important she know exactly what she wanted to ask him, because she didn't want to accidentally piss him off.

— Manami Aiba —

"Umm, I-it's an honour to meet you, sir!" Manami said quickly, trying to take her mind off her revealing outfit as he chuckled.

"Calm down, Manami. You can call me Jin, but let's keep that between us," King Midas, no Jin, said to her as he sat down on her old couch.

There was a half-eaten takeaway on the table next to him.

"I'm so sorry about the mess, and my outfit! I wasn't expecting company and- I should get dressed, and clean up, and-" Manami rambled as Jin chuckled again.

"Manami, be a good girl and relax for me," Jin said, making her fidget in place. Oh god, his voice was so much smoother in person.

Why was he here? He wasn't even wearing his mask, his handsome face on full display which only made her blush deeper.

"Y-yes, sir!" Manami shouted, entirely not relaxing despite his request.

"Well, close enough for now. I don't mind the mess, and your outfit is lovely. If you'd feel more comfortable with more clothes on, feel free to get dressed. Of course, you're also free to take them off, I certainly won't mind," Jin teased as she went bright red, stuttering for a moment.

"Do-do you want me to take them off? I will! Anything for you, King Midas," Manami said quickly, surely she was imagining the glances he gave her tiny, ugly body right?

"That's up to you, whatever makes you more comfortable," Midas said with a sly smirk, taking a long look over her barely covered form. "And please, call me Jin when I'm not wearing my mask."

"I, yes sir, Jin sir?" Manami stuttered, making him chuckle.

Whatever would make her more comfortable? Did he want her to strip? Surely not but he definitely kept looking at her boobs.

She was barely four foot tall, much shorter than the easily six foot something King Mid- No, Jin. She was suddenly on first name basis with fucking King Midas himself, the saviour of Brockton even if some people didn't see things as clearly as she did.

Making her mind up, she reached back and unclipped her bra, her breasts bouncing free as she dropped it to the ground, her blush growing deeper as Jin calmly watched with an almost appreciative smirk.

At least she hoped it was appreciative, she did have surprisingly large breasts for her size. Her panties went down next, making her wish she'd taken better care of her grooming as Jin's eyes lowered to the small red bush above her exposed pussy.

She wasn't overgrown or anything, she did keep herself neatly trimmed but maybe she should have shaved completely.

She'd never been naked in front of anyone before, but if this was what Jin wanted… and given the smile on his face she'd definitely made the right decision.

Still, she couldn't help herself from covering herself in embarrassment under his intense stare, which made him shake his head.

"Be a good girl and stop covering yourself, you have nothing to be embarrassed about," Jin said, making her move her hands quickly.

She was still embarrassed but she wouldn't say no to King Midas.

"Come, sit next to me," Jin said, patting the couch next to him. While she was like this?

Again, she couldn't defy him and quickly found herself sitting right next to him, their legs touching thanks to how small her couch was.

"W-what brings someone as busy as you to visit someone like me?" Manami asked, making him smile.

With the way he was looking down at her, he was definitely seeing her breasts even as he looked into her eyes.

"As I mentioned before, your fervent support of me online drew my attention. I have an entire team dedicated to my online P.R. of course, but you outwork them all," Jin said with a chuckle, making her laugh awkwardly.

That was because she had literally nothing better to do with her life than sit at her computer and argue with people online.

"You've done so much for Brockton Bay, I just didn't want people bad mouthing you online…" Manami admitted.

She lived in what used to be Merchant territory, and the mere fact that she didn't get woken up by gunshots or screams told her everything she needed to know about the rule of King Midas.

On the rare occasion she actually left to go shopping, the difference was as clear as night and day.

There was no graffiti anymore, the roads didn't have potholes, no buildings were boarded up or trashed anymore. She could cut through any alleyway and know she'd reach the other side alive, something no one could have said when the Merchants reigned.

"Indeed, and I'm incredibly grateful for your hard work," Jin said, his hand resting on her bare thigh.

Feeling his strong hand rubbing against her thigh, she squeaked slightly as her blush travelled down her body.

"Am I making you uncomfortable?" Jin asked, his hand moving further up her leg as she shook her head rapidly.

"O-of course not!" Manami answered, watching as his hand reached her upper thigh, slipping between her legs.

Oh god, she was wet… and with her response his hand moved right up against her dripping slit. Who wouldn't be wet with a hunk like this sat right next to her?

"Ah, I see," Jin said as his hand slipped further between her legs, forcing them to part slightly. "You're enjoying my attention," Jin said, almost purring as he gave her a grin.

Too embarrassed to answer, she tried to hold in the moan as the side of his finger brushed against her slit. She had no idea how to react to this kind of attention, especially from someone like Jin.

She couldn't stop the yelp as Jin pulled her into his lap, staring up at him in shock as his hands moved to her backside, sinking into her curvy behind.

"Anyway, as I was saying…" Jin said, as if he wasn't groping her ass, making her moan despite her best efforts. "I am very grateful for all your hard work," Jin said with a sly smile as she felt something pressing against her undercarriage.

Oh god, he was getting hard… was he going to fuck her? Was this how she would lose her virginity? By Scion she hoped so, she'd written a fic (that she never posted) where Midas seduced her but it was nothing like this.

"And I decided that your efforts deserved a reward," Jin said, making her blush as her mind immediately went in a lewd direction.

How else could she take it when she was naked in his lap?

"R-reward?" Manami whimpered, well aware of the large shaft she was currently sitting on.

"Naughty girl, that's not what I meant… not that I'm opposed to rewarding you like that," Jin teased, one hand moving to her chin to force her to look up at him. "Would you like me to reward you?"

"Y-yes," Manami admitted, making him chuckle as he leaned down and captured her lips, making her close her eyes and lean into the domineering kiss.

It didn't last as long as she'd like, with Jin breaking it after a few moments, grinning at her as she gasped, leaning forwards again.

"Now now, let's not rush things," Jin said easily, giving her bottom a squeeze as she blushed. "I want you to work for me, under me, Manami. You'll be looked after, I always keep my people happy, and I don't expect you to do anything but what you're already doing."

King Midas wanted her? She was just a shut-in loser, but Jin was a genius, maybe he saw something in her that even she couldn't? Could she hope that was the case? That she truly had something that made her worthy of his attention?

"I… I don't know what to say," Manami admitted, yelping as he gave her a light spank.

"Be a good girl and say yes," Jin suggested, making her blush and nod her head.

If she could help Jin in any way, she should. The entire city owed him that much.

"Y-yes, Sir. Whatever you want," Manami said with wide eyes, making him give her an approving smirk.

But she'd already decided that actions spoke louder than words, and moving out of his lap, he went to speak before she moved to her knees, between his legs.

"L-let me take care of that for you, sir," Manami said hesitantly, expecting him to turn her down.

Instead, he just watched with a smirk as she undid his belt, unzipping his expensive trousers and pulling them down.

Gasping as she pulled out his cock, the first one she'd ever seen in person and definitely the first she'd held. She looked up into his approving eyes and leaned forwards, taking the tip into her mouth.

She had no idea what she was doing, they both could tell that as she amateurishly bobbed her head, occasionally gagging as it hit the back of her throat.

She was very careful to not graze him with her teeth but he probably wasn't enjoying this, he could have supermodels or villainesses doing this instead of her, he could even probably have heroines in her position if he wanted.

Pulling back, she looked up at him in awe. He saw something in her, she wouldn't let him down.

"Sir… I don't know how to do this, so please use my mouth. Fuck my face as hard as you want," Manami said, making his eyebrows rise.

His smile grew slightly so she was obviously doing the right thing.

"Are you sure?" Jin asked, his hands moving to grasp her two twin-tails as she nodded, opening her mouth and taking his cock between her lips again.

This time, as it hit the back of her throat, Jin simply gripped her twin-tails and used them like handholds to force her to take him deeper, making her choke as the thick cock pushed into her throat.

With Jin guiding her head, preventing her from pulling back, she could do nothing but kneel there as he stood up, starting to roughly thrust into her mouth.

She felt her vision darken as he deprived her of oxygen, but he always pulled back in time to let her desperately gasp down a breath or two before he started again. She never complained as he dominated her mouth, staring up at him with watery, awe-filled eyes.

King Midas was enjoying her mouth, what was a little oxygen deprivation compared to that? How could she ever complain when her hero was right there, groaning in pleasure as he fucked her face.

Sure, she wasn't exactly a participant in his pleasure, just a tool, but that didn't change the fact that he was using her for his pleasure. That was an honour, one she'd dreamt of.

She wanted to keep eye contact with him, but her eyes rolled back in her head as he sped up, the bitter taste of pre-cum telling her what was heading her way.

Again, his roughness didn't raise any complaints as she obediently waited for her reward, she didn't have to wait long as he bottomed out inside her mouth, her eyes bulging as he unleashed his load straight down her waiting gullet.

She almost wished he had pulled back so she could taste it, and swallow it herself to show her devotion, but she didn't put up a fight even as her vision darkened, his climax seemingly unending as he pumped his load straight into her stomach.

But again, just before consciousness left her he pulled back, the final spurt of his seed splattering onto her waiting face.

Wiping it up, she licked her fingers clean as she stared up at him adoringly.

"Good girl," Jin said, stroking her now messy hair as she beamed up at him. She was soaking wet at this point, and he knew it as her arousal pooled under her. "Wait a moment," Jin said, heading into her bedroom as she obediently waited.

Returning with a coat, he passed it to her.

"We are moving locations, put that on," Jin ordered, watching her quickly pull it on. She felt like a pervert wearing nothing but a coat that barely reached her ass, but it gave her some measure of modesty as she followed behind Jin to the very expensive car outside.

Climbing in next to him, she wasn't surprised that he had a driver, and she didn't ask any questions as she found herself nervously fidgeting in the backseat, next to her new boss.

Was she a criminal now? The PRT would say so, but who cared what they thought anymore. They were a joke.

It didn't take long until they pulled up at one of the many buildings King Midas had built in his territory. It wasn't quite as big as some of the skyscrapers his men were building, but it was still much larger than her apartment building as he led her to the elevator.

Following him into an expensive apartment, she instinctively knew this wasn't where he lived. It was too small for someone so great, plus it seemed almost like a showroom, no signs that anyone lived there.

"Um, where are we?" Manami asked, making Jin chuckle as he placed the key he'd used to open the door on the fancy table.

"Your new apartment, if you want it," Jin said simply, making her eyes widen in shock.

"I can't afford-"

"Manami, I already told you my followers are very well rewarded. You can afford it, because it's free. You don't have to pay anything," Jin chuckled, walking back towards her. "All you have to do is say yes, my men will bring your belongings here and everything will be taken care of," Jin promised, making her hesitate before she looked up at him.

"Thank you, sir," Manami said, making him smile wider, which made her smile grow.

"Excellent, then there's one last thing to take care of…" Jin said with a playful tone, making her tilt her head. "Christening every surface in the apartment, starting with the bed. Lose the coat."

Shuddering at his demanding tone, she shrugged her coat off and gasped as he picked her up in a princess carry and headed towards the bedroom.

Gently tossing her onto the bed, he grinned as he stripped and climbed onto the bed slowly, prowling towards her with a hungry grin.

Her legs spreading to accommodate him, she bit her lip in anticipation as she watched him grasp his length and line up, her tiny slit didn't look like it would be able to take such a large member but she was damn well going to try.

"Not going to ask me to be gentle?" Jin teased, pressing the tip against her lower lips and gently rubbing it up and down, making it glisten with her arousal.

"Be as rough as you want, but please… fuck me, Sir," Manami said needily, making him chuckle.

"As you wish," Jin replied, thrusting forwards as she moaned, feeling an unbelievable fullness as he snatched away her virginity.

Clutching the fancy bedsheets of her new bed, she could only lay there and take it as Jin had his wicked way with her, because her virginal mind wasn't prepared for the influx of pleasure she received from Jin pounding her into the bed. Long, fast thrusts, sheathing himself inside her tight cunt again and again.

She wanted to be an active participant in this, but with the pleasure clouding her mind she was very much reduced to a quivering pile of moaning flesh as Jin once again dominated her, using her for his pleasure and entertainment.

"You're mine, aren't you?" Jin asked, his voice steady as he thrust into her. Of course it was, he probably had women far hotter than her under him daily.

"Yes!" Manami shouted, her legs trying to lock around his waist. She'd lost track of how many times she'd already cum, far more frequent and much more intense than what her hands and toys could bring, they just didn't compare to the real thing.

"I'm going to cum, and I'm not going to pull out," Jin said with a growl, making her eyes widen. "I'm going to pump my seed right into your womb."

"Do it, knock me up!" Manami begged, too clouded by pleasure to think about the long term consequences. "Breed me, make me yours forever!"

Speeding up, he smirked down at her as he rutted into her, pounding into her with increasingly powerful thrusts.

As he slammed into her, her eyes widened as she felt a sudden warmth inside her, knowing Jin was pumping his seed into her waiting womb.

Panting in pleasure, which made her chest do interesting things Jin seemed to enjoy, she watched as he slowly pulled out of her freshly fucked pussy.

"Well, that's the bed christened, I figure there's only a couple dozen other surfaces left to go," Jin said easily, making her eyes widen in shock.

He didn't mean…

Oh dear.

— Jin Yukimura —

Leaving Manami a puddle of barely functioning flesh, I write a note for her when she wakes up.

Manami has put more work into my P.R. than I have, and she has a talent for it. Beyond that, she's a well-known figure in the online parahuman circles, so she's more effective than my new minions and their newer accounts.

I intend to cultivate that skill.

This apartment block is one of the new ones I've had built by my minions (and local construction firms I have propped up) who can be damn fast when I need them to be.

I've kept Uraraka Constructions working on projects outside my territory to maintain the fiction that I am twins, but they are far from the only ailing building company in Brockton bay. Few of them are in a position to ask questions when there is safe work available and money to pay for it. There is certainly no shortage of the former in my territory, since it's been rotting away uncared for and unmaintained for years.

For additional manpower, I actually made a deal with the Dockworkers Union, and Danny Hebert was thrilled that I could put so many of his men to work.

Does he suspect Yin Yukimura is Midas? Maybe, but the unwritten rules serve as a form of protection against anyone, even the PRT doing anything about me making waves as a businessman. And even if they wanted to…
Someone is covering for me, and I don't know who. The sheer amount of money I've stolen, scammed, and generally acquired through less than legal methods should have attracted far more attention.

The League is my main source of income. Roulette is a true genius when it comes to squeezing every last drop out of any and all sources, and just being the middleman between League members and those who desire our services pays very well.

My minions are a close second. I've almost always got a dozen schemes ongoing and I've not limited myself to Brockton Bay, in fact I've limited my personal actions inside Brockton Bay and focused my schemes around the rest of America.

I'm preparing to go global, but there's some things I need to take care of first.

But again, nobody is paying attention to my accounts and I don't know why. I've planted false trails, made secret off-shore accounts and taken plenty of other precautions but they've proven unnecessary so far.

I'm used to having to hide less-than-legal income- all powerful businessmen are- and having an army of minions has only added to the many ways I can make money, but why is the PRT just ignoring it?

Also, more importantly someone keeps transferring money to my accounts and I still don't know who. It's actually rather unnerving because they obviously know a lot about me.

— Fortuna (Contessa) —

Midas was a man for whom wealth was everything, and she needed him to look favourably on her for when she approached the League.

The path to procure immense wealth wasn't even that many steps, as long as she didn't focus it too much on Midas himself.

It's not like the men and women she was robbing would be able to use their wealth if Scion killed them all, so she was really doing them a favour.

They probably didn't see it that way, and she'd had to deal with some of the more troublesome ones, but Cauldron was all about doing terrible things for a good cause.

Not that she was listening to them anymore, the Paths never lied and if the path meant she left Cauldron to complete it then so be it.

But to join the League she needed more than just wealth, most of which she was sneaking into Jin's many, many accounts, she needed fame.

So, which incredibly valuable and famous artifacts should she steal to prove her skills?

— Rebecca Costa-Brown (Alexandria) —

Hitting her head against the desk, she groaned to herself.

Why, in the name of any God who was willing to listen (except Scion, the bastard), had Contessa stolen everything from the Louvre?

She wasn't even hiding that it was her, blatantly being caught on camera several times and downright posing for it half the time.

Where did she even get that red dress and incredibly floppy matching hat, why was she treating the security cameras like a fashion show?

She'd also left a calling card, claiming her name was 'Miss Fortune', which was fitting considering how unfortunate Rebecca was feeling right now.

…Contessa was frequently delivering bondage porn and smut to her house, as well as ropes, sex toys and outfits.

It was embarrassing enough that they couldn't catch her, but the woman was returning to her house constantly and they still couldn't catch her.

Not to mention the time she'd woken up tied up, wearing some very tight leather straps that covered exactly nothing. It definitely wasn't what she went to sleep in.

…it had been surprisingly hard to free herself, and she'd been late for work because of it.

What in the actual fuck was Contessa up to?

— Victoria Dallon (Glory Girl) —

Just because the villains of Brockton Bay seemed to be keeping their heads down for now didn't mean that the low level thugs were. In fact it meant the exact opposite.

With so many capes currently laying low for a variety of reasons, the low level thugs were more confident than usual, which meant she still had a lot of work to do.

"Come on, at least put up a fight," Vicky taunted as she crushed the empire skinhead's gun in her hand and dropped it to the floor.

"Funny, that's what we said to Fleur," the skinhead sneered back, hiding his fear with bravado.

Logically she knew Fleur hadn't been raped despite this guys implication, she could also see that he wasn't old enough to have even been around when Fleur died. She was smart enough to see it for what it was, a cowering asshole trying to sound tough, but she was also not exactly known for her calm personality.

Which was why anyone who actually knew her wouldn't be surprised at her immediately response, slamming into the thug who barely had a chance to shout in pain as she smashed him into the alleyway wall, leaving a Nazi-shaped dent in the brick.

Whatever she was going to say as she went to speak immediately died in her mouth as the skinhead's mouth opened and spat out an uncomfortable amount of blood. She instinctively dropped him, watching him slump to the floor with a pained whimper.

Her eyes widened as he coughed up more blood, having seen enough injuries to know that she'd fucked this guy up, and Amy wasn't around to fix her fuck up this time.

She'd never actually killed someone, and she didn't plan to unless she had absolutely no other reason, and looking down at the blood on her hands she felt her heart sink.

She knew Amy was safe and happy, but she didn't have a clue where, since Amy didn't want their mom pressuring her to tell them where Amy was.

Amy had fixed her mistakes countless times, healing the criminals she was too rough with, but Amy wasn't using her phone because people wouldn't stop calling her. She'd talked to Amy over PHO, and that wasn't exactly ideal for emergencies.

She could already hear Carol complaining another the PR disaster of her killing or permanently crippling some dumb Nazi, but she couldn't focus on that with a dying man in front of her.

Prophet, Prophet would know what to do.

He would, if he wasn't busy. She'd been at his place not an hour ago and knew he said he was going to be busy handling the mess caused by Lung's weakened state, he'd had to send her away because she was distracting him, not that she minded.

Her relationship with Prophet, with Jin, was far more comfortable and stable than hers and Dean's had ever been, even when her temper flared he usually had her calmed down in seconds, forgetting whatever had made her angry.

So when he didn't answer his phone, she wasn't overly surprised but she was certainly panicked.

Should she take him to a hospital? They'd ask questions but she wasn't going to worry about PR when someone was coughing up their lungs all over the alley floor.

No, they probably wouldn't be able to do anything for this, she needed Amy and Amy wasn't aro- No, she needed Amy or something like her…

Like for instance, the medical pods Midas had made, Amy herself had admitted that they could heal almost as well as she could. She'd heard the PRT were basically kissing Midas's ass to get access to them, not Piggot but her boss's bosses.

She was on the border of Midas's territory, and she'd seen (and even studied) the map of Brockton Bay Jin had made, she knew where the nearest clinic was.

Taking an Empire thug to a Syndicate clinic seemed like a risk, but Midas had claimed that anyone who came to them would be healed, and Jin told her that Midas prided himself on keeping his word.

Trying Jin's phone again, she took a deep breath as she reached an answering machine, it hadn't even rung so he probably didn't even have his phone on him.

Damnit, she wasn't going to let anyone die because she lost her temper, not even some stupid skinhead.

Picking him up, she tried not to think about the blood he coughed up onto her dress as she set off, some garbled words leaving his mouth but nothing she could make out.

Landing in front of the clinic, she ignored the people out and about and the insidious thought that the civilians in Midas's territory seemed so much more comfortable being out at night as she barged into the clinic, noticing one of the guards go for his gun before another waved him off.

"This guy needs healing, badly," Vicky said, trying not to think about how many of Midas's men were around.

They paused for a moment, and she spotted one texting someone but after an awkward pause one of them lead her into a side room, taking the thug from her and placing him in the almost egg-shaped black and golden pod.

…was Midas incapable of having anything not be gold coloured? Or maybe it was to remind the person being healed just who they owed their health to.

That sounded more like the golden bastard himself.

"Will he-" Vicky started, hesitating as she spotted the golden skull emblem on the man's shoulder.

"He'll live, probably," the man said with an indifferent shrug, glancing down at the swastika brazenly displayed on the thug's shoulder. "You fucked him up pretty bad, but the pod should have him fixed up by tomorrow morning."

"I didn't-" Vicky started, stopping as the Syndicate man outright laughed at her.

Okay, that wasn't her best attempt but that was just rude. Oddly, she didn't think 'thug' was appropriate for Midas's men, they were criminals but she'd never caught one of them mugging people in the streets.

"Whatever, I'm-"

"Waiting here, the Boss wants to speak with you," the man interrupted, making her freeze.

"I shouldn't wait around, it's getting late anyway," Vicky said with an awkward tone.

"Then you're lucky I'm already here, Miss Dallon," the unmistakable voice of Midas said, making her jump and turn to the door, spotting the villain himself for the first time in the flesh. "Follow me, please."

It wasn't a request, but an order. She considered running, but Midas was dangerous for more reasons than his powers.

Following behind hesitantly, she was led into an opulent office, was this one of Midas's main bases?

"Of course not, I have an office at every single one of my buildings," Midas answered, making her freeze as her heart skipped a beat. Prophet did the same trick, he even admitted it wasn't actually mind reading.

When Prophet did it, it was impressive and kinda sexy, but when Midas did it she found it honestly unnerving.

She hated how much they sounded alike, Midas had a posher accent, always sounding so superior, while Prophet was more laid back, but the similarities were unmistakable.

"You know, I told Kaiser I'd kill any of his men that came into my territory," Midas said idly, pouring two glasses of expensive whiskey, offering her one.

Staring at the glass, she glared at him briefly.

"Victoria, I'm not trying to poison you," Midas said with a snort of amusement, taking a sip from the glass.

"Maybe I just don't want to share a drink with the source of so much of my trouble," Vicky scoffed, making him chuckle.

"Just because we're enemies doesn't mean we can't be polite, so be a good girl and take the drink," Midas ordered with a condescending tone, making her glower at him even as she snatched it from his hand.

"You said anyone who came to your clinics would be healed," Vicky said, not replying even as she took a small sip from her glass.

She hated how good it tasted, of course he'd have expensive tastes.

"And I will, I'll just shoot him after he's been healed," Midas said with an idle smile, reaching up and taking his mask off as he leaned against the desk.

She knew he'd look like Jin, but seeing him in person like she could see some small differences, Jin had a smaller nose and softer cheekbones, they were twins but they weren't quite identical.

"You- that's-"

"Villain, remember?" Midas reminded her as he took a sip, before shrugging. "But very well, one Empire thug means nothing to me, so I'll let him go… as long as you're a good girl."

There it was, glaring at him she forced herself not to throw his drink in his face. Her temper had gotten her into this, in the first place, she couldn't let it make things even worse.

"I knew you were a temperamental little princess, but really? Is it so easy to send you into a rage?" Midas asked mockingly.

"You don't know what-"

"I can guess, and my guesses are more accurate than most first hand accounts," Midas said idly, cutting her off.

His arrogance annoyed her, and it never occurred to her that she'd heard Jin make the same boast, which had impressed her at the time. What she saw as sexy confidence in Jin was infuriating arrogance in Midas.

"Jin must have his hands full keeping you in line, look what happens when you slip the leash," Midas continued, blatantly mocking her as she growled.

She wanted to punch him, she'd wanted to punch him since he posted her nudes online and kept targeting her family for his own amusement and profit.

If it wasn't for Jin, Midas would have probably destroyed New Wave, and even with his hard work she knew her family were in shaky legs.

"He hasn't leashed me," Vicky growled, making Midas chuckle again.

"Ah, of course. You're not his leashed pet hero, you're his girlfriend, you two are a happy couple and it's just a coincidence that you do whatever he wants," Midas taunted, making her glare harder.

She knew what he was trying to do, but he wouldn't put a wedge between them.

"Yeah, yeah, Jin is manipulating me, you know I came onto him, right? And how much he's done for me and my family?" Vicky said, equally mocking as Midas chuckled.

"Of course, you jumped into his lap on the rebound to spite your boyfriend, and he saw an opportunity to get an obedient little pet. Honestly, credit where it's done, he saw an opportunity in the chaos I made and grasped it. I'm almost proud," Midas continued, smirking at her.

"How sweet, I'm sure Jin will be so happy to hear his sociopath of a brother is proud of him," Vicky bit back.

"I said almost proud," Midas corrected, giving her a dangerous smile. "He made a good attempt, but his execution was unfortunately flawed. If he'd trained you properly, you wouldn't be in this little mess, would you?"

"I'm not a dog, I can't be trained," Vicky snarled, making him laugh.

"Anyone can be trained, my dear, you're no exception," Midas said with confidence. "All it takes is the right balance of leverage, discipline and rewards and anyone can be tamed," Midas said, his gaze moving over her body.

That's what she was afraid of, he'd made suggestive comments to her in PHO, but it was different when he was right in front of her.

She wanted to run, but the knowledge that someone would die if she did froze her in place as he prowled towards her with a smirk, his hand grabbing her chin and forcingher to look into his eyes.

She hated that they looked so much like Jin's.

"Perhaps I should give him a hand and discipline you properly myself," Midas said, as indecision paralysed her.

She didn't want this, she didn't want to be anywhere near Midas, she certainly didn't want to be forced to cheat on Jin with his own assholish supervillain brother.

But what happened if she pushed him away? Someone died, to begin with. Sure, it was a dumb Nazi thug but he looked barely a couple of years older than her, she'd have killed some one…

And Midas would make sure she and New Wave took the fall for it, all he'd have to do is say the thug was too badly injured by the time she brought him to them. Glory Girl murders helpless unpowered man, yeah that'd be the final nail in the coffin he'd been building for New Wave.

She'd been warned about her 'brutality' by the PRT several times, and Piggot hated independents. Maybe even as much as she hated villains.

They'd probably be forced to join the PRT to keep her out of jail, maybe even split up and sent to different cities. She'd heard stories about other independent teams being torn apart by the PRT the moment they were strong-armed into joining.

Which is why she didn't push him away as he smirked down at her, shaking slightly as the consequences of her actions became painfully clear.

"Fuck you," Vicky said weakly, making her nemesis laugh derisively.

"A poor choice of words, because I just might," Midas replied, making her shudder. "So tell me, how much is your pride worth to you?"

Going silent, she glared at him with slightly watery eyes. She wanted to punch the smarmy look of his face, but with the consequences running through her mind she couldn't bring herself to do it.

"No answer? Well, they say actions speak louder than words… lose the dress," Midas ordered, stepping back as he watched her expectantly.

She hesitated for a moment, before a shaky hand undid her dress and let it drop, leaving her standing before Midas in nothing but her tiara, boots and underwear.

"Be a good girl and keep going," Midas ordered, obviously taking joy in her suffering as she glared at him hatefully, wishing she had laser eyes now more than ever as her bra came undone and fell to the floor.

Knowing he wasn't satisfied, she slowly hooked her fingers into her panties and pulled them down, stepping out of them and her boots.

"Very nice, now be a good girl and bend over the desk," Midas ordered coldly, making her blood run cold. This was actually going to happen, she was going to let Midas…

Bending over the desk as ordered, she refused to turn around and acknowledge who was moving towards her, whose hand came down on her ass harshly, making her yelp.

But she couldn't delude herself, it was Midas's hand resting on her ass, moving between her legs.

"You're rather lucky, Victoria," Midas taunted, apparently having her like this wasn't enough for him.

"H-how is this lucky?" Victoria snarled, finally glaring back at him.

"Because I don't want my brothers sloppy seconds, I just wanted to see how far you'd go," Midas mocked, moving away with a chuckle. "Frankly, my dear… you're not good enough for me," Midas said, giving her a smirk. "Run along, Victoria, and say hi to my baby brother for me."

"You-" Victoria started, glaring at him in disbelief.

"Would you rather I go through with it? Would you rather I fuck your right there on my desk?" Midas asked, reaching down and picking up her panties.

"No-"

"Then fuck off, I'll be keeping these because the idea of you flying back in such a short dress amuses me entirely too much," Midas said bluntly, the gentlemanly facade vanishing.

Jin told her it was mostly an act, but seeing it herself was a different matter entirely.

Dressing again, she couldn't help the relief she was feeling as she went to leave the office.

"Wait, what about-"

"He'll be set loose, with a warning that I won't be so forgiving next time. I suggest you remember that as well, remember how utterly helpless you were here, Victoria, and keep it in mind every time you consider coming into my territory," Midas said darkly, making her shudder. "I have high standards, but my men aren't so picky. They don't mind used goods."

Not willing to test his patience, she left the room and the building shortly afterwards, she needed to talk to Prophet.

Glancing back at the building as she flew off, she shook her head with a scowl. She really didn't like Midas, but still-

It could have been so much worse…

— Unnamed Empire Thug #48 —

Running back towards Empire territory, he cursed Glory Girl again for fucking him up like that and then dropping his ass deep in Syndicate territory where they'd been told not to go.

Looking over his shoulder, he kept expecting to see the Syndicate guys chasing him, but for some reason they were leaving him alone.

Whatever their reasons, he wasn't going to question his luck as he cut through an alleyway that should put him back in Empire 88 territory. Turning back from looking over his shoulder, he panicked as he saw a large bald man swinging a baseball bat at him out of fucking nowhere!

The savage blow rattled his brain, and the last thing he was aware of as he faded from consciousness was someone picking him up…

He regained consciousness with a start, and a cry of alarm. Or at least, he tried to give a cry of alarm. To his mounting horror, he realised that his body didn't do what he told it, and in fact, was running towards Empire territory without any input from him. Someone else was in the driver's seat.

No matter how he screamed in his head, he couldn't warn his friends that someone else was piloting his body like a fleshy puppet.

They acted like him, they spoke like him, but they weren't him and nobody could tell. Not even his girlfriend as 'he' went home, flirting and fucking his girl while he was forced to watch, a passenger in his own body.

— Jin Yukimura —

Cyberpunk has some truly horrifying technology, and all it takes is a few implants in the brain and I can turn anyone into an unwilling agent.

I have a new division in my base, where 'Netrunners' sitting in fancy chairs basically technologically possess those I've altered.

It's a costly process. Training Netrunners is complicated because I have to train them into Hackers first and then into Netrunners, both of which take a fair amount of time, so I can't have as many as I want (yet) but with every passing day, the other gangs slowly find themselves filled with my men wearing their mens' bodies.

Even the PRT hasn't been able to notice the single plant I snuck in, and if they do…

Well, that's what the explosives in their heads are for. They can't analyse my tech if I just blow it out of existence.

— Amy Dallon (Panacea) —

She knew a lot. It came from her powers and her own intelligence, and sometimes that knowledge was a curse.

When you saw behind the scenes, peeked behind the Wizard's curtain, a lot of Midas's actions started to make sense.

She had the missing pieces that were stopping people like her family and the PRT from putting the big picture together, and what was she doing with it?

As Midas sheathed himself inside her again, she moaned into his mouth as he came inside her, she'd made him infertile at his request thanks to his daily liaisons, so there was no risk as he creampied her once again.

Pulling out of her, she panted slightly as she stared up at him in indecision.

She loved her time as Midas's prisoner, or would pet be more correct?

She spent her days playing with her powers in ways she'd never dared before, then she relaxed in her fancy bedroom, where she could call for fucking room service, she had dinner with Midas who made time for her (probably because she'd helped him get three bodies) then she got dicked down by her supervillain boyfriend/master. Repeatedly dicked down. She never once thought about healing, even when she heard of accidents happening in Brockton Bay.

Midas had helped her accept that it wasn't her duty to heal everyone, she could heal whenever she felt like it but no matter what other people said, especially Carol, it wasn't her responsibility to save everyone. Admittedly his pods made that easier, knowing there was another option, arguably a better option.

But she knew too much, and there was one thing she couldn't ignore just because she was happy here.

Vicky was the social butterfly between them, unlike Amy who was a grumpy bitch and honestly kinda proud of it.

So while someone else might have approached this better, she decided to handle this in the best way she knew how, bluntly.

"…you're Prophet, aren't you?"

Watching Midas blink as she rested her head against his chest, staring up at him as he stared back.

She could see the scheming going on behind his eyes, and she knew she couldn't really stop him at this point.

She could kill 'him', sure… but he was running around with three bodies and she was pretty sure he'd survive this one dying.

"Yes," he finally admitted. "I'm Jin, I just made up Yin."

"…I think I hate you," Amy said after a long pause.

"No, we both know that's a lie, but I suppose we should talk," Jin admitted, sitting up as she sighed.

Life would be easier if she didn't know so much.

— Bonus Scene — Max Anders (Kaiser)

Midas had changed the entire power balance in Brockton Bay, and he'd be lying if he said it didn't make him nervous.

With the minor war between Poison Ivy and the Empire heating up after a failed attempt to rescue Brad, he had enough problems to deal with without the much larger threat of the Golden Syndicate.

Ivy had taken control of dozens of his men, no more capes thankfully, but Hookwolf was a zealot in his protection of his… mistress.

He never thought he'd miss the Merchants, but he truly did miss Skidmarks sheer incompetence and he couldn't even try and take advantage of Lung's weakened state.

Lung was no mere beast, only a fool would underestimate him, and the moment his new weaker power became public, he went fully on the defensive and he still had too many capes to risk attacking him (and exposing his flank to Midas) without Hookwolf.

Then there was the issue of the Empire taking control of parts of Brockton that were primarily Asian. He didn't buy into the bullshit he was peddling, but many of his men did and it'd be a constant challenge to keep them in line without looking weak if he held the Asian sections.

He couldn't let his men just do as they pleased because he'd be stuck dealing with constant rebellions from the civilians, but he couldn't stop them because they'd start to suspect he wasn't as loyal to the cause as they believed.

Plus who knows what the fuck Coil was up to, the snake had been cowering in the shadows since Midas showed up but he wouldn't remain hidden forever.

If he attacked the Golden Syndicate's turf, he could find himself at war with the League which had some very powerful names in it.

He needed to come to an agreement with Midas and the League, perhaps he could even get Midas to force Ivy into giving him Brad back.

She could keep the other idiots, he'd told them not to get too close to her and they didn't listen.

Forming an alliance between the Empire and the Syndicate, maybe even the League, would be ideal. He could even use the new heroes that were reinforcing the PRT and Prophet's own group as the reason.

He just needed to not act rashly-

"Kaiser, have you heard?" Krieg said as he burst into the office, seeming uncharacteristically concerned.

"…have I heard what?"

"Purity just blew up one of Midas's bases!"

Ah.

Shit.

Author's Note: I'm considering a bonus chapter for this to cover some plots that haven't been touched in a while. No promises though.

I am entirely motivated by praise and interaction, so leave a review and I'll probably write faster.

I have a discord server (technically someone else's but my name is on the server so it's basically mine) with a bunch of other authors and a load of porn. Here's the link for that: discord .gg/wd3tUYWVCd

I also have a bad P word that FF doesn't like, what's on it? Right now, nothing that you can't find elsewhere and I don't know if that will change to be honest, I don't like the idea of paywalling content but I also like money to fund my pizza and games addiction, so here's the link for that as well: Pat reon . com/TheDarkWolfShiro
"Sanity and happiness are an impossible combination."
― Mark Twain

​
My Discord, come here for porn and also sometimes fics: https://discord.gg/wd3tUYWVCd

My Patreon, I promise to spend any money given to me irresponsibly: https://www.patreon.com/TheDarkWolfShiro​
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:high, Torlok, gartf and 1,188 others
The Dark Wolf Shiro
Aug 11, 2022
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 22.5: Catching Up
View content
The Dark Wolf Shiro
The Dark Wolf Shiro
Everyone Hail to the Pumpkin King
JoinedApr 1, 2019
Messages9,336
Likes received960,957
Dec 12, 2022
Add bookmark
#3,874
Disclaimer: I own nothing but my original characters and works, if you recognise it from somewhere else, surprise it isn't mine.
Betad by morde24, Atrius, Hermes, Priapus, Marethyu, Old man of the mountain and TheDonFluffles


These are set sometime before the last chapter, just loose ends that need to be tied up.

It means that the Jin/PanPan conversation isn't until the next chapter, same with the consequences for Purity attacking Midas's base.

The Guild of Gamers: The Supervillain
Chapter 22.5: Catch Up

— Sophia Hess (Shadowstalker) —

She hadn't entirely realised just how much she had missed this, the feeling of hunting criminal scum without having the PRT holding her leash.

Midas was an asshole, but he was right, she'd been collared and controlled by the Protectorate, turned from a lone wolf into a show dog for them to parade around, defanged so the PRT could show that they'd tamed her.

But now she'd slipped the leash and was free to hunt again, whenever and whoever she wanted.

She'd actually planned to take down some of Midas' men, to show that even if Midas had Sophia Hess under his thumb, Shadowstalker was a free agent.

But it turned out, there was no point. Midas was what people called a white-collar supervillain, because his men didn't do any of the shit she'd come to expect from thugs.

No muggings, no assaults, no rapes, hell most of the civies in Midas' turf seemed happy to see the Syndicate men, they kept the peace and policed their own turf.

The only time things turned violent was when they met with ABB or Empire thugs trying to push into the docks, or if they caught some dumbass deciding to cause trouble in their turf.

She had spotted White Rabbit breaking into a museum or art gallery once or twice, but she'd already learnt she couldn't catch that slippery bitch. Rabbit wasn't a fighter, but she was so damn fast and agile it made catching her near-impossible so she didn't even try anymore.

She didn't care about art theft anyway, who cared if some rich assholes lost fancy drawings?

It was funny, but his turf was basically crime-free compared to the rest of the city, even with it openly being controlled by a supervillain.

Midas told her that it took someone willing to do the bad things to really do good, that they were alike in that regard.

She killed or maimed the dumb thugs who she caught causing trouble so they'd never hurt anyone again, instead of sending them into the revolving doors of the prisons, to be back out on the street in a month.

Midas was conquering the city, because the PRT had failed to make a difference, just maintaining the status quo.

His iron fist made the city a better place, her hunts did the same. They were the same, even if Midas worked on a much larger scale.

So she turned her attention to the rest of the city, the ABB and the Nazis, plus the random scum and leftover merchants who hadn't gotten the message that they weren't welcome anymore.

Midas had supplied her with a phone that had access to his network, a map of the city with marked locations for crimes in progress, villain sightings updated in real time, it made hunting so much easier.

She knew Midas was using her to weaken his enemies, but she didn't particularly mind either.

Her reputation had only grown after her departure from the PRT, even with the PRT declaring her a villain. People had noticed the sudden increase in her activity, how many criminals she'd put down without the PRT deciding when and where she could patrol.

She wasn't just killing anyone she came across, she wasn't that dumb. She decided to follow the Syndicate's guidelines and make the punishment fit the crime.

Petty criminals got off with a beating, nothing permanent but just something to remember her by. If they were committing worse crimes, like assault, she'd leave them with a few broken bones.

You couldn't assault anyone with two broken legs after all.

Rapists and murderers she killed, she had no mercy for scum like them.

The gangs wanted her dead for how many of their members she'd put down, the PRT had decreed her a villain and claimed they'd bring her to justice, but the public?

With Midas making villany popular, the public loved her. Sure, some pussies said she was too brutal, but they'd seen the result of Midas's rule, the golden age the docks were experiencing, and they wanted that for themselves.

She was bringing some of that order to the rest of the city.

The PRT could call her a villain all they wanted, she didn't give a damn. Hell, she hoped they were dumb enough to try and take her down, maybe they'd bring Hebert with them, she had that score to settle after all.

Maybe she should thank Taylor for getting her arrested, because that was what helped her break free from the PRT, but she still needed to teach Taylor that even if she was a cape now, she was still prey.

The heads up display in her mask lit up as she got a text, making her pause as she read her message.

'Have you talked to him yet?'

Ugh, Emma was many things but patience wasn't one of them.

Replying quickly, she rolled her eyes as she reminded Emma that Midas was a busy guy, and that she'd talk to him when they next met up.

Which happened fairly often in all honesty, Midas calling her to his bed.

Emma wanted to be a cape, and honestly, she thought Emma would make a decent sidekick, but the only way for her to get powers was through Midas.

So she had to convince Midas to make Emma a cape, which shouldn't be that hard right?

But for now, she had more important things to focus on, peering over the rooftop as she arrived at the marked crime location, seeing three skinheads breaking into a store, Empire 88 markings on their body or clothes.

Checking the map, she made a note of where the empire's heavy hitters were last sighted before grinning and taking aim.

The Empire had made it clear they wanted her dead or gone, but Midas' network made avoiding the ones she couldn't handle all too easy.

Yeah, life was good for Sophia Hess, and it was about to be real bad for skinheads 1, 2 and 3.

— Helena Bertinelli (Huntress) —

Somehow, being turned into Midas' sex toy for a week or two was the least problematic part of her having been captured.

Midas had plenty of sex tapes of her and him, and every day she expected to find her nudes leaked all over the internet, but whatever he wanted them for, he hadn't shared them since he'd released her, thanks to the deal the Birds had made to free her.

Honestly, she didn't even mind the sex that much, even if she wasn't used to being the sub. Midas was in damn good shape and he knew how to use what god had given him.

If he leaked the videos, it would be rather embarrassing to have the world see her begging the villain not to stop, pleading with him for more, but she supposed it was better than not enjoying her time as his little heroic cumdump.

But no, the worst part of all this was Shadowstalker.

She'd gone off the rails, leaving a trail of crippled thugs and corpses in her wake, and while Helena didn't entirely disagree with crippling criminals, Shadowstalker had pissed off the ABB, Empire and PRT simultaneously, and it was going to get her killed at this rate.

Midas had manipulated Shadowstalker, and it was her fault. She'd been the one to take Shadowstalker with her to spy on the League, resulting in Shadowstalker getting captured.

She needed to fix this, hopefully by convincing Shadowstalker to join the Birds of Prey. Of course she needed to find Shadowstalker first, and the vigilante had become extremely elusive lately, striking without warning before vanishing, only to strike again halfway across the city.

— Carol Dallon (Brandish) —

"Don't glare at me, I'm trying to save New Wave," Jin said, making her roll her eyes as she sat in his office, mercifully dressed again after the unnecessarily-long naked photoshoot he had had her do.

It was bad enough that he now had dozens of professionally taken photos of her in various states of undress, including plenty of tasteful nudes, but he also had a few ones for his private enjoyment that wouldn't be going public that were certainly not tasteful.

Ugh, going public. After all she'd said to Vicky, her own breasts were going to be on the internet soon.

"By blackmailing me?" Carol asked, making him chuckle.

"I'm covering for your reckless behaviour, do you realise how quickly New Wave would fall apart if people found out about your little affair?" Jin pointed out calmly, making her wince slightly. "New Wave has always styled itself as a family unit. Do you really think people will trust you if they find out two of the top members were having an affair? That's ignoring Sarah's reaction when she finds out that one of the many women Neil was fucking was her own sister, and of course Mark's reaction if he finds out Vicky isn't his daughter. I can certainly see where Vicky got her recklessness, Carol."

She didn't respond, how could she? Jin was right, if word leaked it would be the end of New Wave. All the lectures she gave Vicky and Amy about the importance of keeping up appearances, and it was her that would destroy them.

"What if Amy tells someone? I don't know where-"

"I do, and Amy won't leak this, for Vicky and Mark's sakes if for nothing else. Amy is safe, she'll return when she's ready," Jin said, making her pause.

"You've known where she is this entire time?" Carol asked, making him nod.

"I have, but forcing her to return would just make matters worse. There's burnt out and then there's Amy. You realise you were pushing her far too hard, right?" Jin pointed out, continuing before she could protest. "But we aren't here to talk about Amy. Frankly, Midas already knows about your affair, fortunately I was able to convince him not to leak it. To say you owe me would be a colossal understatement, given that securing his silence wasn't cheap."

"How did he know?" Carol asked, dreading to think about what else the supervillain knew about New Wave.

"The same way I did, he's a Thinker and a damn powerful one. Assume he always knows everything and you'll be right more often than you're wrong," Jin sighed, taking a sip of his whiskey. "Fortunately, I had some information he didn't and he agreed to keep your secret in exchange for it. Don't worry, the only people it will hurt are the Empire, though it will help Midas expand his territory as well."

She'd helped Midas, inadvertently or not, she'd helped the villain who was rapidly becoming the biggest threat in Brockton Bay.

"If New Wave is going to survive, some changes are going to be needed. Firstly, Neil has to go. Sarah planned to bury his affairs at first but too many people have come out claiming to have had liaisons with him, some with evidence no less. Plus, that was before over a dozen women have come out accusing him of sleeping with them, some of them younger than Crystal, Sarah won't stay on a team with him on it, neither would Crystal," Jin continued, making her sigh and nod.

"I've spoken to Sarah about this, they're divorcing and Neil is leaving Brockton Bay. Eric is probably going with him," Carol admitted, seeing New Wave fracture before her eyes. At least this wasn't entirely her fault.

"I know, Sarah has been coming to me for advice on how to proceed. What you probably don't know is that Neil is in talks with the PRT to join them, with Eric joining the Wards in whichever city they end up in. Eric looks up to his father, even despite all this. Frankly, New Wave needs a major victory to pull themselves out of this situation," Jin said, leaning back in his chair. "I have a few ideas about how to get New Wave some good PR, but without any actual results it won't matter."

"Why are you even helping us?" Carol asked, making Jin chuckle.

She didn't believe it was out of the goodness of his heart, especially not after he'd essentially blackmailed her into working for him.

They'd just got done with her first photoshoot, and he'd clearly enjoyed making her strip for him.

"I have plans for Brockton Bay and New Wave are a part of them. I can't have you falling apart when I need you to help counter Midas' little League of Villains," Jin said plainly. "Besides, Vicky asked me to help and despite what you may think, I do care for her."

"Despite the fact that you're fucking my sister and niece as well?" Carol asked, making Jin chuckle.

"And many others, I assure you. Everyone has their vices, and unlike you I've always been open about my dalliances. After cuckolding Mark and your sister, making him think that Vicky was his daughter, are you really in a position to judge me for my actions?" Jin asked bluntly, making her wince at his tone.

She wasn't used to being on the defensive like this. She'd spent years being in charge and Jin had just walked in and taken that away.

"That's what I thought," Jin said simply. "It's your fault you're in this mess, so be a good girl and do as you're told. Honestly, you Dallon girls need a firm hand to keep you out of trouble. Vicky is happier and far more effective with my guidance, I'm sure you'll also thrive under me."

The worst part is that she couldn't deny that Vicky was doing much better lately, besides the amount of criminals and villains she was taking down increasing considerably, she wasn't even committing anywhere near as much collateral damage anymore. Plus, she was clearly happier with Jin than she was with Dean.

"And if I don't want to be under you?" Carol asked, making him smile.

"We both know that isn't really an option for you, to be perfectly blunt, New Wave can survive without you. You're powerful but rather… unpopular due to your personality, even amongst other heroes. If your family finds out about you and Neil, it would break them, but I could use that to rebuild them. Sarah, Vicky, Crystal and Amy would rebrand as an independent team under my guidance, Mark, I imagine, would fall deeper into depression and potentially become suicidal, and you'd be seen as a complete hypocrite. Maybe you'd be able to stay as an independent hero, but you'd need to rebrand and move cities at the very least. I assure you, Sarah and Vicky would never forgive you, I don't need to be a Thinker to see that," Jin explained, laying out her future.

"And you'd put them through that?" Carol asked darkly, making Jin chuckle.

"No, you would. I'm betraying Vicky and Sarah by not telling them, the honest thing to do would be to expose your betrayal, despite the consequences. You've always pushed for heroes to have more accountability, and here you are trying to avoid taking accountability for your own actions, so don't try to paint yourself as the victim here," Jin said coldly, making her wince again.

"You're not exactly innocent yourself, I doubt those pictures you made me take were purely for the sake of this photoshoot," Carol growled, knowing he had pictures of her naked and touching herself.

"No, that was because I'm annoyed at how much work your indiscretions caused me and I wanted to punish you for it," Jin said, moving around his desk and bending her as she stiffened, his hands on her shoulders, gently massaging them. Despite her tension, she couldn't help but enjoy the way his talented hands massaged her shoulders. "With how much stress and work you've made me, I decided to punish you a little while getting some entertainment at the same time."

Going silent, she bit down her natural reaction as one of Jin's hands moved down and unbuttoned her shirt, before he slipped his hand into her shirt and cupped her breast, groping her over her bra.

Pulling back, Jin smirked at her as he walked back around. He'd proven his point, he could just blatantly molest her and she couldn't stop him. She was already under him, nothing she said would change that.

"Stand up," Jin ordered, watching as she reluctantly obeyed. "Bend over my desk."

She hesitated again as she gave Jin a truly venomous glare, before she slowly and mechanically moved to obey his demand, not resisting as she felt him undo her belt and pull her trousers down to her ankles.

He paused for a moment, looking at her ass, which was barely covered by the lacy black underwear she had been told to wear for the photoshoot, the string slipping between her firm buttocks.

"You know, I'm a little undecided here. I could pull those sexy panties to get side and fuck you right here and now, on the same desk I fucked your daughter on earlier today," Jin said, giving her ass a light slap. "Or I could just spank you, discipline you for being such a naughty girl."

Looking over her shoulder, she glared at him as he gave her a cocky smirk.

"Why don't you choose?" Jin asked, making her glare deepen. To be honest, she'd been drinking while they had been doing the photoshoot, and with the expensive wine in her veins she didn't think about her answer nearly as well as she should have.

"Fuck you."

"As you wish," Jin replied immediately, her eyes widening as she cursed her poor choice of words, but as her panties joined her trousers and his belt was undone, she didn't move at all.

Legs as parted as they could be with her trousers still partially on, she gasped as she felt him push the tip of his cock against her ever-so-slightly wet slit.

And then he was inside her, no foreplay, no gentleness, a single thrust and her daughter's lover sheathed his cock entirely inside her tight cunt, a moan leaving her lips.

A traitorous part of her mind suddenly realised why Vicky, Sarah and Crystal had been so happy lately, as Jin hit spots that had been left untouched for a decade at least.

Gripping the expensive wood, she grunted as she tried to force down her moans, not wanting him to know that her body was enjoying this more than it should have been.

Her sex life wasn't exactly active. Neil might have continued his indiscretions with other girls after she broke off their affair, but she hadn't.

Mark hadn't slept with her in years, between the meds killing his sex drive and his depression doing the rest when he didn't take them, he just wasn't interested in her body anymore, and the only time in recent memory where she'd touched herself was when Jin had ordered her to do it for the camera, and she hadn't managed to cum then.

She did cum as Jin railed her hard and fast against his desk, roughly using her body for his own pleasure with no regard for how much she wanted to be there. Mark would never just use her like this, but Jin wasn't Mark, Jin didn't give a shit how much she disliked him, he didn't care if she enjoyed this because he was punishing her.

Tch, this wasn't about punishment, the horny bastard just wanted to fuck her, like he'd fucked her daughter and sister.

He'd practically had the entire set, all the New Wave girls with the exception of Amy, and somehow she wouldn't be surprised to find out Amy was stashed in one of his fancy penthouses, riding his dick daily.

Her grunts quickly turned into reluctant moans as Jin had his way with her, one leg pushed up on the desk as he thrust into her again and again, the sounds of flesh clapping together filling the office.

She was a talented lawyer, a powerful heroine, and here she was being used like a cheap whore by some asshole thinker who'd shown up and immediately taken control of everyone's lives.

…she fucking hated Thinkers.

As Jin pulled out, she felt his seed splatter against her ass and lower back.

"Wouldn't want poor Mark to have to raise yet another man's daughter," Jin said calmly, grabbing his glass and finishing it as she stood up on shaky legs.

"Y-you don't seem to care about cucking him," Carol muttered, panting slightly as Jin chuckled.

"I don't, and don't bother getting dressed, we aren't done. Actually, lose the rest of the clothes," Jin ordered, taking off his shirt.

Despite herself, a thrill of arousal shot through her as she watched him unbutton his top, revealing a very well-built chest.

Sighing, she copied him as she removed her own shirt, feeling his eyes on her body as she unclipped her bra.

She shouldn't like this. He was blackmailing her into being his sex toy, she should hate every moment of this.

Sitting down on his couch, he leaned back and smirked at her, his cock still hard and standing proud.

"Come here, ride me," Jin ordered, watching her move over and climb into his lap, grasping his cock and lining it up with her now very wet pussy, before she lowered herself down onto it, hating that she enjoyed the feeling of fullness as he cupped her ass, giving her a light spank. "Good girl."

She should hate this, so why did she feel a thrill of pleasure as he pulled her towards himself and roughly kissed her?

— Lisa Wilburn (Tattletale) —

Life was good for her, since Midas had taken over the Undersiders.

Sure, Coil was still alive and a threat, but Midas assured her that he had plans for him, and she believed him, if only because she didn't believe he wanted the competition.

But in general?

Sitting in her very fancy office, she stretched with a grin as she looked over the data she was being fed by Midas' expansive information network.

Midas had realised that she was wasted on the ground, sure she could be useful on heists, but her powers were better suited in this kind of role.

Sitting in the shadows, pulling strings and gathering information without ever being in the slightest amount of danger.

She basically ran Midas' shadow network, making a fortune without ever needing to leave her very fancy penthouse (provided by her generous boss).

Of course, given that she ran Midas' network, it meant she had access to information that nobody else but Midas himself could access… and she could see how far his plans truly went.

He didn't want Brockton Bay, he didn't even want America. Midas was already spreading his roots through almost every first world country, just information gathering at the moment, but she didn't need her power to tell her that he had much bigger plans than that.

He wanted the world, and she was starting to believe he'd truly get it.

Of course that meant she was along for the ride, because she found that she very much enjoyed her current life.

Sitting back in her chair, the Shadow Broker smiled as she looked over the secrets she'd gathered.

It was Midas' idea of course, to make a new persona for her as the world's most premier trader of secrets. A rogue, affiliated with the League of Villains, trading in secrets across the world.

His men gathered the information, and she found how best to use it. From her laptop, she could blackmail a politician, destabilise a country, rig an election and start a war without even bothering to get changed out of her pyjamas.

Some days she dealt with top-level government officials and capes while she was still in bed.

Of course, if she forgot just who her boss was she'd end up dead by the end of the day, but she could happily live as Midas' pet information broker if it meant she got access to secrets like these.

Coil never trusted her nearly this much, but Midas wasn't a fool.

All in all, life was good for Lisa Wilbourn, and Sarah Livsey was truly dead and buried, her parents locked away thanks to an anonymous tip about her father's insider trading. Were they actually guilty? Well, did it really matter?

If Coil had access to even a quarter of this information, he'd have won already. Hell, he'd never even needed her to begin with, so she was pretty sure Thomas wasn't in for a good time.

It hadn't been hard to work out when Midas had started making files on all high-ranking PRT members and found more than a few discrepancies around a certain Mr Calvert, PRT Consultant.

It was breaking the Unwritten Rules, but in the mature and wise words of King Midas, Coil started it.

She'd spilled the beans that Coil had her investigating the civilian identities of the Empire capes, and Midas had paused for a moment before deciding that Coil had forsaken the protection of the Unwritten Rules himself by doing so.

So yes, Mr Calvert didn't have long in this world, whether he knew it or not, as she accessed the camera in his office, deep in his underground base.

The funny thing was that she could kill him right here, right now. His entire base was rigged with explosives, which Syndicate 'Netrunners' had compromised. A single push of a button and Coil would be blown to bits, without even knowing why or how he died.

But Midas had plans for him, and he'd promised her that she'd get her revenge, that Coil would wish she'd just blown him up.

So she watched and she waited.

The rest of the Undersiders were doing pretty good as well, Alec was living his incredibly lazy dreams where he got paid to sit around and play games all day in a fancy hotel room with fancier room service, Rachel was living her best life with her pack which seemed to be constantly growing, a massive piece of land set aside for them to roam.

That, plus her pardon meant she wasn't even wanted anymore, Rachel Lindt was for all intents and purposes a civilian who didn't care about anything but her dogs.

Paige wasn't really an Undersider, but she was doing good as well. She had an apartment in the same building Lisa's penthouse was in, and while she couldn't move freely yet since her pardon was taking longer due to some people dragging their feet back in New York, she was certainly enjoying the fancy apartment more than her cell.

Brian and Hitoshi…

They were in trouble, because Hitoshi had convinced Brian to turn on Midas. She always knew Hitoshi wanted to be a hero despite his master power being seen as villainous, but she didn't think they'd be dumb enough to actually do this.

Brian was pissed that Midas had Aisha and his mother, and Hitoshi convinced him to start leaking information to the PRT, to Armsmaster specifically, as the Tinker was still pissed about how easily Midas humiliated him.

Naturally she found out immediately, because the PRT systems had more holes than Swiss cheese, and Midas told her that he knew they were going to start leaking information on the Syndicate before they even started

He was using them both as enforcers to help keep the other gangs out of his territory, sending them on missions while knowing they were leaking information.

It was a trap, but not for them, it was a trap for the PRT who were starting to see them as legitimate and reliable sources. Midas was giving them crumbs to lure them in, before he'd feed them false information at a crucial point.

This would leave Brian and Hitoshi looking like they'd tricked Armsmaster, closing off that avenue and making it clear that Midas knew what they were doing.

If they were smart, Midas would spare them and put them to work, but if they weren't…

She liked her former teammates, she truly did, but she wasn't going to die for them. She'd try and help them when Midas struck but they'd dug their own grave, she wouldn't be joining them in it.

But until then?

Her life was too good for her to risk messing it up. Sipping her drink, she changed the camera feed, moving from camera to camera, spying on people who would never know she was there.

Stretching, she made sure to aim her body towards the camera in her apartment, wearing only a pair of tiny panties as she gave Midas a show. She didn't know if he was actually looking at her, but she was fairly certain he did check the feeds occasionally.

It was both because she genuinely wanted Midas, his power blocking hers made such thoughts actually possible again, as she didn't get the endless feed of unwanted information from him when they met up in person, and because she knew he was possessive and would take care of her even better if she was a member his ever growing harem.

Then, pressing a few buttons she arranged an untraceable information leak on a politician's embezzlement, smiling as she did. His most likely successor was in the Broker's pocket, her pocket, and Midas was one step closer to achieving his goals.

This was what she was made for, not running petty heists for pocket change.

Yup, life was good for Lisa Wilbourn.

— Rebecca Costa-Brown (Alexandria) —

Midas, Prophet, Jin, whatever the fuck he was calling himself right now, had them by the balls and he knew it.

It wasn't that hard to work out his little deception with the Think Tank once Thinker powers started working again, but they also realised something else.

If Midas got exposed as Prophet, it would only hurt the 'good guys'. Sure, it'd stop him from manipulating New Wave and the other heroes of Brockton, but Midas would drop the act and go villain full time.

Right now, Midas had created a superpower arms race, with his ability to improve powers, and the only dealers were Midas and Prophet.

Villains would go to Midas for upgrades, while the heroes would need to go to Prophet just to keep up.

If Prophet was exposed as being Midas, then he'd drop that persona entirely and there would be no dealer for heroes. Villains would constantly get stronger while the already outnumbered heroes would fall even further behind.

Midas could turn even a useless power into a truly dangerous one in time, so even the lowest of villains could become true threats if they just went to the King.

Which meant that they couldn't let people find out Midas was Prophet. He'd made it so the very heroes he was deceiving needed to help him keep up the act.

The fact was that Prophet could demand any price for his upgrades, and the PRT would have to pay it, because already villains from around America had started to make contact with Midas, negotiating for power ups.

Accord had made a deal with Midas, working as something of a middleman between him and the villains who wanted to approach him, working with the League of Villains (which had already opened a branch in Boston, Hawaii and New York).

That wasn't even mentioning the healing pods Midas had made, he'd sent a single sample to be examined and they did exactly what he claimed. Thinker support claimed he'd found a way to make a Tinker-equivalent of Panacea's power.

Having these set up near an Endbringer attack would save countless lives, and his upgrades were a force multiplier for those same attacks.

So yes, Midas currently had them all by the balls and he could name any price, and they'd have to pay it.

If he wanted Brockton Bay, well Cauldron had already decided to let Coil have it as part of their experiments and she didn't think Coil was long for this world anyway.

If he wanted more Heroines in his bed than just New Wave? He could have his pick of the PRT heroines, including her.

…Especially since Contessa seemed convinced that her becoming Jin's little sex toy was an essential part of the path to beating the Endbringers and Scion.

And the path to ensuring humanity's survival for that matter, as she seemed convinced that Jin would be able to rebuild entire cities (which was certainly necessary given their best estimates on how long civilisation was going to last with the constant threat of the Endbringers).

After everything they'd done? Every evil they'd committed in the name of defeating Scion and saving humanity, pimping out the heroines wasn't even enough to make her bat an eye.

Of course there was also the probability that Contessa's paths were broken, but whatever Midas was doing to break Thinkers had stopped recently and she was still utterly convinced that Jin was the key to victory.

Or they thought she did, considering she was still missing (and occasionally popping up to leave various bdsm equipment and pornographic material in her house).

Even if recruiting him meant giving him Earth Bet, and everyone in it.

— Thomas Calvert (Coil) —

Even with his power working again, Coil didn't trust it as much as he used to, Midas had proven that he could manipulate Thinker powers and that meant he was more vulnerable than he was used to being.

He'd lost the Undersiders, but except for Tattletale he didn't particularly care about them beyond the principle of the matter.

Everything had been going exactly as planned, until Midas had shown up and ruined countless plans, setting him back years.

"Ah, Coil. I wondered when you'd be in touch," Midas said over the phone as Coil scowled. "I take it you're calling about the Undersiders?"

Pausing, he split the timelines out of sheer habit as he tried to decide how to approach this.

Timeline B

Using his second timeline, he decided to try a more aggressive approach, Midas tended to avoid actual confrontation with Villains (beyond the merchants who barely counted on their best day)

"I am, did you really think you could steal my minions without consequences?" Coil asked darkly, hearing a sigh on the other end.

"Ah, so this is your play? Well, yes I did," Midas said calmly.

"I think you'll find-" his words died in his mouth as he watched the security door to his office slam closed, his panic room button activating on its own.

"I did promise Tattletale I'd kill you, and frankly this city only has room for one mastermind, and I think we can both agree I fit the role better," Midas continued as Coil quickly opened his computer, trying to work out what was going on.

Locked out of his own system, he watched the self-destruct countdown start, before rapidly going from thirty minutes down to five.

"How did you-"

"If that's the best security system your money could buy, I would suggest getting a refund, but I suppose that's not going to be an option for you," Midas said calmly.

"You're bluffing, if you know my systems you know these bombs would destroy a good portion of Brockton Bay, you wouldn't blow up the city you keep claiming to want to improve," Coil said quickly, making Midas chuckle.

"Ah, but that's where you're wrong. It's true, the bombs will destroy a considerable portion of the city but whose territory are you hiding under again?" Midas asked rhetorically. "The Empire will be massively weakened when your base blows up such a large section of their territory, and I'll be able to move in and pick up the pieces. The city will be grateful when I rebuild the demolished territory in my image."

He was bluffing, he had to be, but as the timer ticked down, Coil felt a cold sweat come over him.

"People will-"

"Plus, I imagine when they pull the charred remains of Thomas Calvert, PRT Consultant, out of the ruins wearing the burnt remains of a supervillain's costume, the PRT will have bigger things to worry about than me," Midas continued. "Goodbye Coil, Tattletale sends her regards."

Ending the call, the timer suddenly sped up as he desperately tried to input the command code to stop it, watching as it ticked to zero and he discovered that Midas didn't bluff.

— Timeline A —

Sitting in his chair, he suddenly felt extremely unsafe in his own office, Midas had to have already compromised his systems before the phone call.

How long had Midas been in control of his base?

"No, I'm sure Tattletale thinks she's extremely important to my plans but she's always had an over-inflated ego," Coil said smoothly, hiding his sudden terror. "The Undersiders were a useful tool, but one I've already replaced. I must say, I am rather disappointed however."

"Oh? And why is that?" Midas asked.

"I was waiting for my invitation to your League, but I suppose we have little Tattletale to thank for that. I'm sure she's poisoned your opinion of me," Coil said with faked amusement. "Honestly I'm rather disappointed in myself for not thinking of forming such an organisation myself."

His little Dinah claimed there was a 94.68% chance that Midas would allow him to join the League of Villains if Coil approached Midas.

"Ah, considering she claims you want to rule Brockton Bay, a position I also aspire for, yes I suppose she has," Midas chuckled, making Coil frown under his mask.

"To be entirely honest, I did have plans for that, but recent events have changed that. Brockton Bay requires too much work to be worth it, and while you certainly seem to have the resources for your little renewal project, I'm turning my attention elsewhere," Coil claimed, lying out of his ass. "I'm calling because I have an offer for you. I'd like the League's assistance in settling myself up in Honolulu, where the League has just opened its latest branch, in exchange for the services of the Capes I have under my control, including a movement Tinker, a powerful precog, and many others."

He wanted out of Brockton because this base was certainly not safe, while he was further away from Midas he could use his power to compromise the League and turn it against its founder, while Midas busied himself renovating Brockton Bay. Then when he returned, he'd enjoy the fruits of Midas' labour.

"It's certainly a tempting offer, but unfortunately I promised someone your head. Did you know that Tattletale was able to work out exactly when you'd make this phone call?" Midas asked calmly, making him freeze as his door opened.

A group of heavily-armed men walked into his office, deep in his extremely secure underground base. The lead man worked forwards, calmly reaching forwards and pressing the button to put Midas on speaker.

"Now, I don't think this is the kind of conversation we should have over the phone, but don't worry, my friend Bob here will be… escorting you to me so we can discuss just how useful you will be for me in person."

"Wait, you are making a-"

His words were once again cut off as the man apparently named Bob hit him in the side with a stun baton, making him convulse as electricity coursed through his body, and as he fell out of his seat, he watched as another man walked in, wearing a costume that looked identical to his, walking around him and taking a seat in his office.

Pulling off the mask for a moment, the man stared down at him with a face identical to his own.

"Bob, if you could remove Mr Calvert from my office, that would be much appreciated," the fake Coil said, with a voice that was identical to his own.

"Sure thing, Boss.," Bob said calmly, looking down at him for a moment before he shrugged and kicked Coil in the head, knocking him out.

— Jin —

Sitting in Coil's office, with the body Amy made for me, I smile to myself as my netrunners give me access to Coil's systems.

Two down, three to go.

The PRT, the Empire, and the ABB are all that stand between me and ruling this city now, and Coil was nice enough to completely compromise the PRT for me.

As for Coil himself? Well, Lisa said he put a gun to her head, and it's only fair she gets to do the same.

Now that I have my scapegoat, it's time for the next step.


I am entirely motivated by praise and interaction, so leave a review and I'll probably write faster.

I have a discord server (technically someone else's but my name is on the server so it's basically mine) with a bunch of other authors and a load of porn. Here's the link for that: discord .gg/wd3tUYWVCd

I also have a bad P word that FF doesn't like, what's on it? Right now, nothing that you can't find elsewhere and I don't know if that will change to be honest, I don't like the idea of paywalling content but I also like money to fund my pizza and games addiction, so here's the link for that as well: Pat reon . com/TheDarkWolfShiro
"Sanity and happiness are an impossible combination."
― Mark Twain

​
My Discord, come here for porn and also sometimes fics: https://discord.gg/wd3tUYWVCd

My Patreon, I promise to spend any money given to me irresponsibly: https://www.patreon.com/TheDarkWolfShiro​
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:high, Torlok, gartf and 1,237 others
The Dark Wolf Shiro
Dec 12, 2022
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 23: Sisterly Reunion
View content
The Dark Wolf Shiro
The Dark Wolf Shiro
Everyone Hail to the Pumpkin King
JoinedApr 1, 2019
Messages9,336
Likes received960,957
May 12, 2023
Add bookmark
#3,997
Disclaimer: I own nothing but my original characters and works, if you recognise it from somewhere else, surprise it isn't mine.
Betad by morde24, Atrius, Hermes, Priapus, Marethyu, Old man of the mountain, TheDonFluffles and Mike, God of Lore


The Guild of Gamers: The Supervillain
Chapter 23: Sisterly Reunion

— Amy Dallon —

Watching Midas, Jin, get out of bed and pour himself a drink, she glared at the man who was manipulating her entire family like puppets dancing to his tune.

"Would you like a drink before we start?" Jin asked calmly, utterly unphased by her glare as she glowered at him before sighing and nodding, snatching the glass out of his hands as he returned to the bed, downing it in a single swig before she took his glass out of spite, making him chuckle.

Old Amy would be disappointed in her, ruining her liver like this, but new Amy was pissed off and hurt.

"So, yes. I am Prophet, I'm also Midas and a couple of other people, in no small part thanks to you making me those body doubles," Jin admitted, making her wince at the realisation that she'd made his deception much easier. "Any questions?"

"You're manipulating my family, causing problems for them so you can help fix them as Prophet. You're manipulating Vicky, toying with her emotions and using her," Amy growled, making him laugh.

"Ah, it all comes back to Victoria," Jin said, making her blush at his amused tone, well aware of her obsession with Vicky.

"You're a piece of shit, using her feelings to twist her into one of your pawns, and I helped you. You've twisted both of us to suit your own sadistic whims," Amy said angrily, hating the way Midas l seemed entirely unphased by her words. "Pretending to care about us so you can use us."

"Amy, I know this will come as a surprise, but while I manipulate everyone, that doesn't mean I don't care about them. I do care for Vicky, more than I expected to if I'm being entirely honest, as I do for you," Jin said with a sincere tone.

She hated the way her heart sped up at his words, but she tried to shake it off, not falling for his honeyed words.

"I didn't twist or corrupt you, I gave you every opportunity to leave after I worked out the healing pods, you came back to me because you can't stand being Panacea. You came to me because I gave you a taste of freedom, and you can't give it up," Jin reminded her, giving her a smile as she looked away in shame. "You have nothing to be ashamed of, you've done more for the world than almost any other hero, certainly more than Brandish. You deserve the rest, especially now that the healing pods are going to be spread out to the world."

"You're just saying what you think I want to hear," Amy replied, making him smile.

"No, that's the truth. Besides, now that you've started to truly experiment with your powers, do you really think you can go back to doing nothing but healing?" Jin asked, making her freeze. "You'd last a week before you got caught, and even if all you did was change the colour of some flower petals, Carol would start screaming biotinker and the PRT would immediately come down on you despite everything you've done for them. Piggot is too paranoid to trust her own capes, let alone an independent biotinker. You wouldn't get a single word out before she was screaming for you to be birdcaged. What do you think they'd do if they saw your greenhouse? Your giant man-eating plant that has tried to eat me no less than three times, thankfully it doesn't like the taste of gold."

She didn't respond to his claim, knowing it was true. Director Piggot was in constant pain, in a dying body, and even with Panacea frequently nearby she'd never even let Amy get within arm's reach.

…she couldn't bring herself to get rid of her first creation, even if it tried to eat everyone except her. If the PRT saw it… if they saw the things she'd made for fun, they'd be shouting for a kill order immediately.

"But Vicky-"

"Is a reckless, narcissistic teenage girl with too much power and no self control," Jin cut in, making her glare. "I love Vicky, I do, but you know I'm right. Vicky needs someone to guide her, Carol spoils her and Mark is too busy fighting his own demons to rein her in. Vicky needs a firm guiding hand, and she's thriving with me providing that. You needed to be spoiled, to be told that you don't owe the world your every waking moment, to be shown that someone does care about you instead of just Panacea, Vicky needed someone resistant to her aura to teach her some discipline or it was only a matter of time until she did something even you couldn't fix and the PRT hit her with the book," Jin explained, making her pause. "What is it that everyone calls her again?"

"…collateral damage barbie," Amy answered quietly, remembering all the times she'd had to heal someone who had gotten hurt by Vicky's lack of control, either directly because Vicky lost her temper or indirectly because she didn't consider her surroundings.

"You're evil, using us to take over the city," Amy tried, her words holding less heat.

"I am, because Brockton needs taking over. Do you know why I'm playing both hero and villain? It's because Brockton Bay needs both. I will drag this city out of its decaying state and into a golden age, but I need both Midas who can break the rules and Prophet who can interact with the good guys to do so," Jin explained, sounding almost heroic as she tried to find the fault in his words.

"I could expose you, reveal your deception to the world," Amy threatened.

"You could, but you're mistaken about how much that would inconvenience me. Victoria would be heartbroken of course, assuming she believed you over me, you'd have to admit that you ran off to play around in a supervillain hideout, that you're more than just a healer, and Prophet would be… retired. That simply means that I'd have to use more brutal methods as Midas, the PRT and the independent heroes would lose access to my power upgrading while the villains would continue to grow stronger until the heroes were simply overwhelmed. You would single-handedly sign the death sentence for heroism in Brockton Bay," Jin explained, as easily as he would take about the weather. "You'd ruin your life, the lives of your family and for what, to mildly inconvenience me?"

Jin said that with such confidence that she couldn't help but believe him, couldn't help but believe that nothing she could do would actually slow Jin's progress.

"But we both know the truth. If you left today, and you are welcome to, you'd come crawling back. You can't go back to being Panacea any more than I could go back to being a regular businessman. You like being my Amelia, you know you do," Jin said smugly, brushing his hand against her cheek, smirking as she instinctively pushed her cheek against his hand.

"So I should just stay quiet, let you manipulate my entire family?" Amy spat out. "Hide away in your base forever?"

"Of course not, you can't stay here forever. Vicky misses you, and there's a limit of how long you can be out of the public eye before people start to ask questions. No, I already have a plan to move you back into the public eye, I was just waiting for you to confront me," Jin explained simply, making her freeze.

"You knew-

"That you worked out I am Prophet? Amy, I'm a thinker," Jin said simply, making her blush. "You've suspected for a while, but you never brought it up because you didn't want our time together to end."

She was scum.

"No, Amy, stop thinking like that," Jin ordered, making her blush as he placed a hand on her face and gently kissed her forehead. "You deserved the vacation."

"What is this master plan of yours?" Amy asked, avoiding the subject of how terrible she was.

"I tell Vicky that I'm your mysterious friend, that Prophet has been sheltering you because you were so very close to burning out, she'll accept it and mostly just be happy you're back. We'll tell her that your argument with Carol was about Carol pushing you to heal more instead of Carol's infidelity," Jin explained.

"And when Carol sees I'm back?" Amy asked. Carol would immediately blame her for everything, demanding she go back to the hospital to give New Wave that sweet PR she needed so desperately.

"Carol has found herself… no longer in control of New Wave, much like Victoria, Carol has long needed a firm hand to discipline her, and with the information you gave me I've been able to keep Carol under control as Prophet," Jin explained, and that should make her feel bad. It didn't.

The idea that Carol was being controlled by a villain because of her, sent a vicious thrill through her body, showing her just how far she had fallen.

— Carol Dallon —

"I know, frankly it's for the best," Jin said calmly, speaking over the phone as she listened in.

She didn't hear the response on the other end, he wasn't on speaker and she was also a little… occupied at the moment.

Her lips wrapped around Jin's cock as she knelt under his expensive wooden desk, utterly naked as she serviced her new boss.

"Yes, Eric will be joining the New York Wards, while Neil will be joining the Protectorate, Eric will be far safer in New York, they don't let their Wards actually fight any serious villains," Jin reassured Sarah, chuckling at her response. "While I understand your position, I really don't think you should be wishing for Manpower to get killed by the Teeth, he's out of your hair, the divorce is already finalised and his reputation is in tatters."

It was settled then, New Wave was finished.

"No, New Wave will survive this. I originally planned a bit of a rebrand, but I don't think that will be necessary. Just leave everything to me, New Wave won't be brought down by one man who couldn't keep it in his pants," Jin promised, looking down at her as he replied to Sarah. "New Wave will thrive, I promise you that."

She believed him, as much as she didn't like the perverted bastard, he was undeniably a genius. He could save New Wave, they just had to listen to him.

"Yes, I've arranged a new home for you and Crystal, a very nice apartment. It's all paid for, don't worry about that, trust me I can afford it, besides Crystal has already moved her things in," Jin laughed. "You might have to fight her for the master bedroom."

Sarah had mentioned that she was moving, she didn't want to stay in the big house now that it was mostly empty. She was staying in Brockton, Crystal was even moving back home to support her mother and doing her course remotely.

"Another massage already? Aren't you a needy one," Jin teased, making Carol frown as he flirted with her sister while she was servicing him. "I suppose I can fit you into my tight schedule, I'll help you move your things into your new home tomorrow, and after that I'm sure I can find the time to help you work off all that stress."

Jin gripped her hair, forcing her head down as he started to cum, making her swallow the thick, sticky load that he was pumping into her mouth.

She didn't resist, even as she glared up at him, obediently swallowing each rope of cum that spurted into her mouth, the familiar taste making her rub her thighs together.

"Oh, is that so? I'm definitely looking forward to giving you your massage then," Jin said with a sultry tone. "Neil truly was a fucking idiot to lose you, but that's his loss and my gain."

Jin listened to the reply she couldn't hear, before he smiled

"I always have time for you, Sarah, it was nothing. Yes, I'll see you tomorrow, wear something sexy for me," Jin ordered, did Sarah even recognise it as an order? "Good girl. Good night, Sarah."

Putting the phone down, he smirked down at her as he finally let go of her hair, letting her pull her head up.

"You think you can save New Wave?" Carol asked, uncaring of the cum leaking down her chin.

"I can, I intend to turn you into the pinnacle of independents which all other independent heroes aspire to be like," Jin said easily, moving back as he gestured for her to rise up. "And I don't fail."

"All we have to do is listen to you, right?" Carol asked acidicly.

"Now you're getting it," Jin agreed, uncaring of her tone. "New Wave will be made into an icon, with or without you. If you don't fall in line, I'll simply inform Sarah of exactly who Neil cheated with and you can join Neil in shame, moving cities and rebranding at best. Or you can be a good girl and listen to me, watching your name and fame rise to greater heights than ever before."

"Even though you're a perverted piece of shit?" Carol asked, making him chuckle.

"We all have our vices, nobody is perfect. Mine is women, you are a control freak who betrayed your husband and sister at the same time, endangering two marriages and New Wave itself. But you're not in control anymore, are you?" Jin asked as he stood up and groped her breast.

"…no," Carol replied quietly.

"Now, be a good girl and tell me who is in charge," Jin whispered into her ear, making her hesitate before she reminded herself that this was to make up for her mistakes.

She was doing this to save New Wave from her own actions, because she deserved to be punished.

"You are, sir," Carol whispered back, a traitorous thrill running through her body as he smirked at her.

"Was that so hard?" Jin asked, sitting back down as he gestured at his cock. "Now, bend over the desk and spread your legs, your mouth is getting better with all your recent experience but I want to fuck your slutty little pussy again."

Turning around, she bent over the desk and pressed her large breasts against the wood, legs spreading wide as she felt him move behind her and press the tip of his cock against her slit.

As he slammed into her, filling her inner passages with his thick shaft, she let out a low moan and gripped the desk, barely reacting as he spanked her fat buttocks and made them jiggle.

This was for New Wave, this was because she needed to be controlled, this was her punishment for betraying Mark, for betraying Sarah, for treating Amy so harshly when she was the bad one.

She deserved to be used like this.

That's why it felt so right.

— Amy Dallon —

"Carol may try to demand you go back to healing, and if she does I'll handle her," Jin continued. "So yes, you could leave, expose my deception, and mildly inconvenience me in exchange for ruining your own life, breaking Vicky's heart, destroying New Wave because Carol doesn't have a single clue how to handle the PR shitshow it's facing and signing the death sentence for the PRT."

She shrunk into herself with every word, his casual explanation of how much damage she'd do to everything but him.

"And while I do think you might be petty enough to ruin your own life to spite me, I do love that vicious, petty streak of yours, I don't think you'll doom your family like that," Jin said confidently, she never really had a chance did she?

She'd been dancing to his tune from the first time agreed to meet with him.

"Or?" Amy asked, making him smile.

"Or you could be a good girl and stay quiet, New Wave thrives under my leadership, you get to continue your new relaxed lifestyle, and Brockton Bay continues to recover as I… remove the problematic elements," Jin answered, before smirking. "And of course, you finally get what you've wanted for so long."

Amy froze at his words, gulping as she immediately worked out what he meant.

"You know I had a threesome with Crystal and Vicky recently, it's not even a particularly rare occurrence, do you really think Vicky wouldn't be up for a threesome with me and you?" Jin asked, and despite her best efforts she couldn't help but imagine it, which he clearly knew as he smirked. "Everyone benefits, except the more damaging villainous elements who will find themselves no longer welcome in Brockton Bay, and all you have to do is not ruin such a good thing."

"…promise me you won't hurt Vicky," Amy finally said, quietly as she looked away.

"That's the last thing I want to do, I swear to you I have no plans to hurt Vicky, emotionally or physically… although she does like a little pain during our liaisons," Jin admitted, making her blush as she pictured Vicky and Jin together.

"I-" Amy started, hesitating as she asked herself if she was really going to do this, before sighing. Yes, she was. "I won't tell anyone."

She wasn't a hero anymore, she was no more a hero than Prophet himself was, she was a villain the world thought was a hero. She was throwing her lot in with a supervillain who wanted to take over the city.

To make it better, a quiet part in the back of her mind whispered, reminding her of how much things had gotten better since Jin arrived in Brockton.

"I know," Jin replied, with the same confidence he always showed. As if her decision was never in doubt, that this was just the inevitable conclusion of their conversation.

Somehow, that made her feel better.

"You're less attractive when you're so smug," Amy grumbled, making him laugh and place a long kiss on her lips.

"Liar," Jin whispered, kissing her neck as she tilted her head up, letting herself fall back on the bed with him on top of her, her legs spreading instinctively. "You love it, you love the idea that you are mine, that you don't have to worry about making choices because I'll make them for you. You love the idea of just letting go."

She whimpered as he said that, feeling the heat of his cock slap against her pussy, already wet from their earlier games.

"That's not-" Amy tried, moaning as he skilfully played with her body.

"Yes it is, don't lie to me Amelia. You are mine, now be a good girl and say it," Jin demanded, the tip of his cock pressing against her needy lower lips.

"I… I'm yours, Jin," Amy finally said, her doubts smothered as he thrust forwards and filled her tight pussy, smirking down at her.

"See, was that so hard?" Jin asked, his tone heavy with lust as she blushed, giving him a dirty look.

"…I'm still pissed off at you," Amy replied, grabbing him and flipping them over so he was on his back.

"Oh?" Jin asked, his hands on her hips. "Then should we stop? Would you like some space?"

His tone was mocking, knowing she didn't want him to leave as she started to ride him.

"Shut up, I'm horny so I'm just using you for sex," Amy said, making him grin up at her, watching her breasts jiggle with each bounce. "So stay quiet and let me have my fun, it's the least you can do for being such a prick."

"Ah, of course. By all means, use away," Jin said, putting his hands behind his head as he laid back and let her take over.

He was such an asshole, but she'd thrown her lot in with him now.

If she was going to be a villain's pet healer, she might as well embrace her bitchy side as well. Jin deserved some shit for all the bullshit he'd fed her.

Stupid smug smile, stupid fat cock, stupid entirely too smart Jin.

— Victoria Dallon —

Leaving Midas' office, she immediately messaged Jin hoping that whatever was occupying his time before was over.

She needed to talk to him, to tell him what nearly happened, if Prophet found out that she nearly let Midas fuck her from his brother…

She couldn't lose him like she had Dean, even if she was frankly happier without Dean than she'd ever been with him.

She and Dean hadn't been a good match, she could see that so obviously now, why else would they split up every other month, but she felt right with Jin, like she truly belonged, and she wouldn't let Midas ruin that.

What the fuck did that asshole even want, why practically blackmail her into agreeing to sleep with him only to tell her she wasn't good enough for him?!

Was he just trying to get between her and Jin, to show Jin that she wasn't loyal? But what was she supposed to do, let someone be murdered because of her actions?

Jin actually replied, apologising for missing her earlier call, apparently he was helping her mother deal with the clusterfuck that was Uncle- no, just Neil's infidelity.

That was something else that infuriated her, how dare that piece of shit cheat on Aunt Sarah? It was funny, Jin had a dozen lovers (including her cousin and aunt) but they had an understanding, she didn't feel like flying off the handle like she did when girls hung around Dean.

She was confident in her place by Jin's side, he cared for her and she loved him, something she could admit to herself, and besides… other girls joining the relationship could be very fun.

Where the hell did Crystal learn to do that thing with her tongue?

Plus, Sarah needed cheering up after it became apparent that Neil was a cheating bastard, and she was certainly happier after her massage.

Heading to meet with him, she prepared herself for his anger, she stripped for his brother, his rival, she would have slept with Midas if Midas hadn't decided she didn't meet his standards. Jin was going to be furious, but she'd rather be the one to tell him, face things head on and do whatever it took to win his trust back.

Arriving, she entered his office, seeing him leaning against his desk looking all sexy as he took a sip of his drink.

He paused as he spotted her, eyes narrowing as his big thinker brain immediately realised something was wrong.

"Vicky, what's wrong?" Jin asked, making her pause before she immediately started to spill everything.

How she'd fucked up, how she'd had to go to Midas to save that thugs life, what she'd done, what she would have done. She didn't try to hide anything, knowing she couldn't lie to Jin and frankly not wanting to, the guilt eating away at her.

Jin remained quiet while she spoke, listening carefully as he guided her to sit down on the couch, holding her hand as she spilled her guts.

Finishing her story, she looked at him hesitantly, waiting for his anger and vitriol, which she deserved.

She hadn't been willing but she'd put herself in that position because she lost her temper.

"Vicky, relax. I'm not angry. Well," I'm not angry at you, Midas is a different story," Jin said soothingly, gently circling his thumb on the back of her hand as he paused, clearly thinking.

"But I almost cheated on you, no I did cheat on you, giving him a fucking strip tease, I was going to let him fuck me to save a fucking Neo-nazi," Vicky replied quickly, making him smile.

"No, you were almost raped. That's what it would have been, rape. He had a metaphorical gun to someone's head and demanded you do those things," Jin explained. "He forced you, not all force is physical. I'm not Dean, I'm not going to jump to conclusions over something that was almost not your fault. What you did wrong was let a skinhead goad you and make you lose your temper."

She couldn't help but relax, even with her guilt still gnawing away at her, lessened by Jin's kind soothing words, even as he scolded her.

"I should have just beat Midas up," Vicky grumbled, making Jin chuckle.

"Midas wouldn't have shown his face in front of you if there was a chance he could lose. Without being there I don't know what trick he had planned, whether it was a body double, a robot, or just some powerful backup waiting in the wings," Jin explained, making her sigh. She hated dealing with evil thinkers. "I'd say an evil twin, but he's already the evil twin so…"

"What did he even get out of that? You told me he doesn't do anything without there being some benefit for him, he's already seen me naked since he stole my phone, what did he even get out of all that," Vicky asked, complaining as Jin paused.

"One thing to know about Midas is that he is petty, for all the effort he puts into his benevolent godfather act, he's a petty man who hates when things don't go his way. Whatever he had planned for New Wave has been disrupted by us, and that stings. He hates losing more than anything else," Jin explained, which made her feel better at the idea of Midas scowling to himself in his secret lair. "He made you strip to humiliate you, and he probably planned to fuck you to try and get between us, he likely would have recorded it and sent it to me to get some petty victory."

"So why didn't he?" Vicky asked, making him laugh.

"Because he knows I'm not so easily manipulated, I'd see it for what it truly was and while it would hurt you, it wouldn't make me dump you, it'd just make me want to get revenge, our cold war would heat up considerably and he didn't want that. Instead, he realised that by refusing to fuck you, by claiming you weren't good enough, he'd hurt your pride even more than if he actually went through with it, that's all this was. He knows you are vain, don't give me that look you know I'm right, and that the implication that you didn't meet his standards would get under your skin," Jin explained, making her blush at him casually calling her out for her vanity.

"…that's it?" Vicky asked in disbelief. She didn't deny that Midas had gotten under her skin, she knew she was hot and being told she wasn't good enough for a fucking villain pissed her off.

"Like I said, he's extremely petty," Jin sighed, rubbing his forehead in irritation. "Vicky, he's fucking Squealer, Skidmark's sloppy seconds. Do you really think he doesn't want you?"

She paused, before snorting in amusement.

"God, I hate that asshole, and everyone thinks he's such a saint, the saviour of Brockton Bay. Do you know he's setting up food banks and homeless shelters? What kind of villain does that?" Vicky asked, making Jin laugh again.

She never knew how to react to what Midas was doing, because he was an evil asshole and yet… even she couldn't deny that he was helping the city massively. She'd heard people talking about moving out of the nice parts of the city and into the new apartment buildings Midas was having built on the land that used to have rundown drug dens.

"That's simple, an egotistical one. Midas is a narcissist with a god complex, he isn't helping people out of the kindness of his heart but because he wants to be adored, and because he can't stand his territory looking so run down. It's for the good of the city, but his true goal is to appease his own vanity and ego," Jin explained, making her nod.

Yeah, that sounded about right.

"That's why he calls himself King Midas, Brockton Bay is his self-proclaimed kingdom and a failing kingdom reflects poorly on its ruler," Jin continued.

"Ugh, he's such an asshole," Vicky whined, making Jin chuckle.

"He just might agree with you, but it's actually in our favour. He's spending time and resources fixing his territory, instead of focusing on expanding. It slows him down a lot, that's time and resources he could spend fucking over the other gangs and the heroes. Plus, it means we can trust that his men won't act like the ABB, grabbing women off the street to be forced into sexual slavery, or the Empire beating minorities for the crime of existing. Midas is bound by his own code, his own rules, and that's the only reason we stand a chance," Jin admitted, as she considered his words.

What if Midas didn't care about his reputation, if he was as brutal as Lung? The city would be a far worse place.

It didn't make him a good person, he was still an egotistical sociopath, but she couldn't deny Jin was right.

What was she saying, of course the powerful thinker was right about his own brother.

"You think he'd have already won if he wasn't stuck following his code?" Vicky asked quietly, making Jin nod seriously.

"This city is a powder-keg, a single spark could blow the entire thing up. I can think of a dozen ways to have the city self-destruct, massively weakening the PRT and the gangs alike, and more ways for someone like Midas to come in and sweep up the ashes, building an empire on the bones of the PRT, the Empire and the ABB," Jin admitted, and she immediately caught on.

If he could think of them, Midas had probably already considered them. He could have set the powder-keg off and just relaxed and enjoyed the fireworks, even before he announced himself to the world.

He could have come in after the fighting was over, grab the capes left alive and been in a much stronger position.

But he needed his city to thrive, so they could count on him not burning the place down just to win. It scared her that even with him essentially holding back and playing nice, Midas still seemed almost unstoppable.

"Do you think he's going to win?" Vicky finally asked, making Jin pause for a moment.

"No, he's gotten the lead and has had us on the defensive for entirely too long but I won't lose to him. I have a plan, one that could at least slow him down, turn the tides back in our favour," Jin explained, making her look at him in interest. "Leave it with me for now, there's still a few pieces I need to acquire and move into place, but he won't have things go his way quite as easily."

"If you need anything, let me know, I'll always have your back," Vicky swore, making him smile and kiss her gently.

"I know, and I'm counting on it. I won't be able to beat Midas alone, as much as it irritates me to admit it, but I won't be doing this alone," Jin said fondly, making her smile back at him.

"…I still feel guilty about what happened," Vicky admitted.

"Would it help if I told you that I was keeping something secret from you?" Jin asked, making her blink.

"I already know you are, you know way too much after all, I figure you know more secrets than pretty much anyone in the city," Vicky admitted, making him laugh.

"Yes, but this one involves you," Jin admitted, making her pause. "I know where Amy is, I'm actually the one she came to when she ran away," Jin continued as she froze.

"Explain," Vicky asked, eyes narrowing.

"Amy and Carol got into a rather heated argument, to put it simply Amy was massively burnt out from healing constantly, Carol however demanded that Amy keep healing, both to try and help New Wave's PR problems and because she doesn't trust Amy," Jin explained, making her frown.

"Why not? Amy has never done anything wrong, she's practically a fucking saint, sure she's a little catty at times but she's earnt it. Why doesn't mom trust her?" Vicky asked, making Jin pause, clearly choosing his next words carefully before he sighed.

"Because Amy's father was Marquis, and Carol didn't want to adopt her most hated enemy's child. Carol does care for Amy, in her own twisted way, but your mother is… broken. She's convinced that Amy is just one bad day away from following her fathers footsteps, that's why she demands that Amy heal and only heal, it's why she's never treated Amy with the same love she showed you," Jin finally admitted, making her clench her fist, her hand tightening around Jin's.

What a load of horseshit. She knew Amy was adopted but how fucking stupid was it to think Amy was going to turn evil just because her dad was a villain?

"So Amy ran away, and came to you," Vicky asked, making Jin nod.

"She knew that you trusted me, and frankly does Amy have any friends outside of you? Have you ever seen Amy spend time with anyone else?" Jin asked, making her pause, thinking.

The Wards? Well, no Amy healed them a lot but she usually left right afterwards…

There had to be someone, right?

At school she… followed Vicky around, and barely spoke to her friend group.

"Oh."

She genuinely couldn't remember Amy ever spending time with anyone but her, and that made her feel like shit all over again.

"I agreed to stash her away where she wouldn't be kidnapped by opportunistic villains or hounded by people wanting healing, and I didn't tell you because I didn't want to place you between Amy and Carol," Jin admitted.

"Is Amy okay?" Vicky asked, making him nod with a small smile.

"She's doing much better, I've finally managed to get through to her that she doesn't owe the world her every single waking moment, that her schedule was downright dangerous, she'll be cutting her hours at the hospital down and I can handle Carol," Jin explained, making her pause at his confidence. "Carol needs my help to pull New Wave out of the latest fuck up, and much like her beautiful daughter, Carol had also made some reckless mistakes, frankly she needs and owes me too much to argue," Jin continued, making her pause before she shook her head, focusing on Amy.

Her mom didn't really matter right now since this mess was apparently her fault.

"Tell Amy I miss her," Vicky finally said, making him chuckle.

"Tell her yourself, she's outside the door," Jin chuckled, making her freeze as the door opened, Amy stepping in sheepishly.

It was only now that she noticed Jin's other hand was on his phone.

"Hey, Vick-"

Which was as far as Amy got as Vicky dashed forwards, wrapping Amy in a tight hug, careful not to hurt her.

"You should have told me, stupid, or Aunt Sarah, we'd have gotten mom to back off,'' Vicky scolded, making Amy blush and look away.

"I… felt like I had to keep healing, like I was killing people if I took even a small break, Jin was the one who made me realise that I was being so self-destructive," Amy admitted as Vicky paused.

"Wait, you said you were with a boyfriend," Vicky asked, looking towards the sheepish Jin. "Did you talk my emotionally vulnerable little sister out of her panties?"

"Please, if anything I used him," Amy cut in, rolling her eyes with a small smile. "I started it, I used him like a… fleshy meat dildo, sex is really good stress relief."

"That's me, New Wave's personal thinker and emotional support dildo," Jin said dryly. "I gave Amy a massage to help her relax, and you know how that usually goes."

Vicky paused, looking between them, but she couldn't bring herself to get angry as she saw how much healthier Amy looked, the bags under her eyes had faded and her smile seemed more genuine.

"You really are going for the New Wave harem, aren't you? You know, I don't think you're going to be able to add mom to it, even if you got the rest of the collection," Vicky teased, making Jin shrug.

"A shame, I'll have to settle for the younger, prettier model then," Jin replied sadly.

"How've you been Amy? You don't have to return if you don't want to," Vicky said, making Amy smile.

"I've done nothing but lay around, watching Netflix and getting laid in between this smug asshole's mandatory therapy sessions disguised as relaxation, so I'm doing pretty good," Amy joked, making Jin shrug, not denying her words."I'm doing fine, but I've missed you, hell I've even missed dealing with the Wards. Being stuck with just this guy for company even made me miss Clockblocker's dumb jokes."

"Odd, you didn't have any complaints about my company earlier," Jin replied lazily, making Amy blush and give him a dirty look.

"Oh shut up," Amy grumbled. "But yes, I'm coming back, if Carol starts being a bitch again I'll just come and live here instead. It's not like this guy is going to complain about me warming his bed."

"I can truly feel the love, Amy," Jin deadpanned, making her smirk at him.

"I can still feel your love leaking down my leg, you horny bastard," Amy retorted, making Jin shrug.

Watching her sister bicker with Jin, Vicky giggled to herself, because as snarky as Amy was being, Vicky could tell she was fond of Jin.

Her sister was back, her boyfriend wasn't a dumb teenage boy who jumped to conclusions and dumped her, he had a plan to slow down Midas and save New Wave from Neil's fuck up.

Despite the mess with Midas and the panic she felt earlier, today was looking pretty good.

"I saw your photoshoot by the way," Amy said, making her pause before she blushed as she remembered how revealing some of those photos have been. "You know, I'm the only New Wave girl who hadn't been in front of the camera, are you suggesting I don't have why it takes to be a model?"

"I'm suggesting that if I asked you'd probably give me seventeen different forms of STDs," Jin replied easily, making Amy pause before she shrugged, not exactly denying it. "But if you're offering then I'm sure you'd look beautiful in front of the camera, I'm sure your fans would be shocked at how much your baggy clothes hide. I certainly was."

"Ooh, we could do another duo shoot like me and Crystal did!" Vicky suggested, watching Amy freeze. "I mean, if you want-"

"I'd love to!" Amy squeaked quickly.

— Amy Dallon —

Naked photoshoot with Vicky, naked photoshoot where their bodies would be pressed together, naked photoshoot that would likely end in a threesome.

All hail Midas, enabler of incestuous threesomes!

— Bonus Scene — Greg Veder

Greg knew he wasn't exactly popular, his theories (which were true!) made him a joke online to the sheep who believed the official statement and never looked deeper.

The girls in his school didn't like him, the guys thought he was a joke, just dumb Greg.

But there was someone who believed in him, who reached out to him in support.

Jogging, he stopped at a specific bench on his path and took a seat next to the older Asian male, the handsome businessman folding his paper up, tucking it under his arm.

"Good afternoon, Greg," he said, making Greg grin at him.

"Hi, Pr- Mr. Yukimura," Greg said, stopping mid-sentence to correct his mistake. He couldn't refer to Jin by his secret identity after all.

"As I've said, you can just call me Jin, Greg. We're partners, after all," Jin said calmly, making him nod in embarrassment.

Nobody would believe that he, Greg Veder, Void Cowboy, actually knew the city's newest thinker, but Jin had messaged him over PHO.

Jin, with his big thinker brain, knew Greg's potential, he knew that Greg was more than the joke people treated him as.

"Sorry, Jin, force of habit," Greg admitted, looking around to make sure nobody was listening. "I did what you asked, nobody pays attention to me at school anyway so nobody noticed," he said proudly, sliding over a journal that Jin slipped out of sight.

He, Greg Veder, was working on the side of the angels, he was going to be a hero.

There was a conspiracy in Winslow, and Jin couldn't access Winslow because an adult spending time in the school would attract all kinds of attention, so Jin approached him.

"I… umm, I don't know how useful the information is going to be, I didn't really see anything that suspicious," Greg admitted, making Jin smile.

"You've done good, Greg, and don't worry. I can make use of anything, no matter how useless it may seem. We're almost ready for the next step, but this is the point of no return," Jin warned seriously, making Greg freeze. "Greg, I want you to become more than my informant, I want you to become a hero, my agent to act where I can't."

Greg felt his heart almost stop at Jin's words, before it started to beat entirely too fast.

"It will be dangerous, I won't lie, but as I said before, you possess immense potential and-" Jin started.

"I'll do it," Greg said immediately, making Jin pause before he smiled.

"I should have known, you have a heroic spirit Greg," Jin praised, making him beam.

"But I don't have any powers… and I don't know how to fight," Greg said hesitantly, making Jin shake his head.

"Don't worry, I can awaken your latent potential and arrange for your training," Jin promised, making him beam as excitement grew within him.

He, Greg Veder of Void Cowboy fame, was going to be a superhero, with Prophet as his mentor.

Together, they'd save the city.

From what? Okay fine he didn't actually know yet, but he trusted that Prophet would tell him when the time came. Besides, the hero's mentor never tells them the truth from the beginning, that was fantasy 101.

— Jin Yukimura —

Okay, I'll admit, this was a fuck up.

Plague Knight made some very powerful alcohol as a gift and at some point during my drunken adventures I drunk-dm'd void cowboy and now I'm stuck with Greg, but I can certainly make use of him.

Greg doesn't realise it, but he's going to be a useful tool for me in the future.

Pump Up will give him some powers, beyond that I have a plan, Greg Veder will be an essential (and highly expendable) piece in my plan to defeat the PRT.

It's all going according to plan, even if I'm making the plan up as I go.

…next time Plague Knight says 'extremely strong tinker booze', I should trust that yes, it's stronger than I can handle.

At least Bob was there to make sure I didn't do anything too stupid while I was plastered.

Author's Note: Kept you waiting, huh?

The Coil/Empire arc will start properly in the next chapter, perhaps. Or maybe I'll get distracted again. Jin has way too many schemes going on at once, it gives me a headache just thinking about them.

I am entirely motivated by praise and interaction, so leave a review and I'll probably write faster.

I have a discord server (technically someone else's but my name is on the server so it's basically mine) with a bunch of other authors and a load of porn. Here's the link for that: discord .gg/wd3tUYWVCd
If it says it's expired, add my (The Pumpkin King#1234) and I'll invite you myself.

I've finally started to use my pat reon for something, mostly I've just added some discord integration so that my pat reons can read early previews of chapters. This won't affect regular posting, but if you wanna read my works a day or two early then consider checking it out
Link: Pat reon. com/TheDarkWolfShiro
"Sanity and happiness are an impossible combination."
― Mark Twain

​
My Discord, come here for porn and also sometimes fics: https://discord.gg/wd3tUYWVCd

My Patreon, I promise to spend any money given to me irresponsibly: https://www.patreon.com/TheDarkWolfShiro​
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:high, Torlok, gartf and 1,266 others
The Dark Wolf Shiro
May 12, 2023
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 23.5: Incredible Dealings
View content
The Dark Wolf Shiro
The Dark Wolf Shiro
Everyone Hail to the Pumpkin King
JoinedApr 1, 2019
Messages9,336
Likes received960,957
Oct 23, 2023
Add bookmark
#4,124
Disclaimer: I own nothing but my original characters and works, if you recognise it from somewhere else, surprise it isn't mine.
Betad by morde24, Atrius, Hermes, Priapus, Marethyu, Old Man of the Mountain, TheDonFluffles, Malcolm Tent, Mike, God of Lore and Beans


The Guild of Gamers: The Supervillain
Chapter 23.5: Incredible Dealings

– Jin Yukimura (Prophet at the moment) –

The PRT is undeniably desperate for my upgrades, but at their core, they are still a governmental organisation, and as such they are laughably slow to get anything done. It's no real surprise that they're still working on how they want to approach me and more importantly, what they're willing to offer me in exchange for my services.

They don't want to pay any more than they strictly need to, but nobody has ever needed to put a price on power upgrades before, so they just don't know where to start.

I've been watching these debates in real time, amused that I was in a position to watch them try and build up their negotiation strategy against me, which naturally will give me an advantage against them when the time comes.

This is why it actually caught me off guard when I received a request for a meeting from a PRT hero, long before the PRT themselves were ready to officially approach me.

Elastigirl is a new arrival to Brockton Bay, along with her family. It didn't take much research to learn how the PRT managed to sweep the Incredibles into their organisation.

Much like New Wave, the Incredibles have public identities, and much like Carol they found that heroism doesn't pay that well, aside from sponsorships, which are unreliable thanks to the endless rise and fall of public opinion. A single loss could see years of victories forgotten and sponsorships fading.

Bob Parr (Mr Incredible) was working as an insurance broker of all things, but after his boss refused to let him leave and threatened to fire him if he left work early to stop a villain attack literally one street over, Bob lost his temper and punched his very squishy boss through a wall.

He survived, barely, but Bob found himself tied up in legal troubles and debt for his momentary lapse in control. Naturally, the PRT swooped in and helped them clear up their unfortunate troubles in exchange for the Incredibles joining up while also making it clear that Bob was facing prison time for attacking and almost killing a civilian, prison time which would go away if they signed up.

The PRT is desperate for every Cape they can grab because they are laughably outnumbered by the villains and rogues, even if they count the independent heroes as being on their side. That's what happens when people get superpowers through super-trauma. They're so desperate they'll happily use dirty tactics to forcibly recruit independent heroes, rogues and captured villains, and they do so shamelessly.

Helen Parr is under the PRT's control now, so why exactly does she want to meet with me? Her message even said she wanted to discuss potential power upgrades for her family and has the PRT's permission to negotiate independently.

Ah, that's their game. Helen genuinely wants power upgrades, but the PRT is using her as a sacrifice. They can test her to make sure my upgrades have no side-effects and they can judge the price I ask for to help them work out what it is going to cost them. They get upgraded capes without ever needing to pay for the upgrades themselves and the government does so love saving money.

So they offer up Elastigirl as a willing sacrifice, all while she thinks it's her idea? Honestly, they should consider villainy, they're rather well suited for it, but then, I suppose they already have.

– Helen Parr (Elastigirl) –

Prophet's base of operation was well known, as he barely tried to hide it. She arrived at the Grecian-themed nightclub, giving an appreciative look to the tasteful decor and bustling dance floor. It'd been a while since her clubbing days, but she couldn't deny this was a nice establishment that Prophet had set up.

She didn't get to admire the surroundings for long as one of the bouncers guided her into the back and upstairs, where the man she was here to see waited for her. She was honestly surprised that Prophet was willing to make time to meet with her so quickly, considering how popular he clearly was.

She did briefly wonder about the name as she walked towards his office. The Den of Dionysus, Dionysus being the god who 'gifted' King Midas his power (and his curse). Was it some inside joke between the now estranged brothers, with Prophet claiming to have been responsible for Midas' success?

She didn't know, but then she also couldn't imagine having a villainous sibling. The current PRT theory was that Prophet and Midas were a cluster trigger with all the mess that came with it. Prophet followed his brother here much like how March followed poor Flechette around back in New York.

Entering the office, she paused as she realised he wasn't in his usual cape outfit, the full bodysuit missing as he looked out of the window wearing a fancy suit and a black and silver masquerade mask that failed to cover his lower face. In truth, it reminded her heavily of his brother's outfit, only lacking the golden accents and the mask being more Greek-inspired. Again, an odd choice, but she didn't really understand the relationship between Midas and Prophet.

"The bodysuit is useful, but in truth, I find it far too cumbersome for my day-to-day business," Prophet answered, her question unspoken as he turned to her with a slight smile on his lips. "Also, I can't drink with the full-face mask, and given that my identical twin is running around with most of his face exposed, it wasn't exactly protecting my identity," he continued with a sigh, making her nod in realisation.

Yeah, as little as his new mask covered, it didn't actually give her anything else to work on as she gave him a smile.

"Ah, I hadn't considered that. Thank you for agreeing to meet with me, and so quickly at that." Helen replied, taking the seat he gestured to.

He wasn't at his desk, instead standing by the window next to a couch and a comfy chair, gesturing for her to sit on the couch as he took the chair.

"I believe in promptness, and I can't deny I'm a fan of your work. I was surprised to hear that your family had joined the PRT, you've been one of the poster groups for Independent heroes for a long time after all," Prophet explained, making her internally frown slightly even as she smiled at his compliment. "Would you care for a drink?"

"Ah, that would be lovely, thank you. And yes, it wasn't exactly how I saw my life going," Helen admitted, watching him pour her a glass of wine even as she rolled her eyes. Was it a Thinker thing that they were incapable of not showing off?

The wine bottle, turned so she could easily read the label, was her favourite, a very expensive vintage she had only ever tried twice at high-class events. It was hard to get a hold of because the vineyard was destroyed in an Endbringer attack, making it a limited resource.

She didn't comment on it, simply thanking him for the drink she knew had a four-digit price tag at a minimum. Every Thinker she'd ever met had the same urge to show off how much they knew.

"Now, I was mildly surprised to receive your message. I know the PRT are still in the process of working out how exactly they want to approach me for the upgrades they want, and you don't seem like an impatient person, so I have to wonder why you didn't just wait for that deal to be set up?" Prophet asked, taking a sip of his own glass.

"A thinker admitting they don't know everything? Will wonders never cease?" Helen teased, making him chuckle.

"I don't know everything, not yet at least, and in truth, a lot of my research has been focused on the more villainous side of things, so why have you decided to sidestep the bureaucracy and approach me directly?" Prophet asked, making her pause as she took another small sip to gather her thoughts.

"Because I'm not naive enough to think me, or more importantly my family, are on the list of capes the PRT will want upgraded. They've sent out a message to every cape in the PRT to see who wants to be put on the list for potential upgrades when a deal is struck with you, but while I put myself and my family on that list, it could be a very long time until they get around to us, given that they still haven't even approached you," Helen explained.

"Ah, you think they won't put you on the list because you argued so much during their… hmm, let's call it 'recruitment' of your family?" Prophet asked, making her freeze before she laughed and nodded.

"You're not wrong, I like being a hero, but I certainly didn't appreciate their heavy-handed recruitment methods," Helen admitted. If it was just Bob they had forced into their organisation she'd be less annoyed, given that it was his lapse in judgement that put them in this position, but the fact that they'd wanted the kids as well drove her mad and she made her displeasure known to the PRT back in New York. "I'll be blunt, my son and husband are both reckless and enjoy this life far too much. I want them safe, and if I can't keep them out of fights, the least I can do is make sure they are as well equipped for any dangers as possible, so I was hoping for a similar deal to what you have with New Wave."

"You want out of the PRT," Prophet said, his eyebrow raising as her eyes widened. "You want me to use my influence to get your family out of the deal you made with the PRT to avoid Bob's incarceration."

She paused for a second, taking another drink before she smiled.

"I had hoped to work my way up to that, but yes. To be more clear, I want Dash and Violet out of the PRT. The deal for them to join the Wards didn't mention that they'd be transferred to the one city where Wards are frequently drawn into cape fights," Helen admitted, hand tightening around her glass.

"I take it this is about Incredi-boy's recent fight with the ABB?" Prophet asked, making her chuckle despite the serious subject matter, unsurprised he'd seen through her so easily.

"Dash could have died. We've been in this city for a week and Dash has been shot in the leg by an ABB member. He almost bled out and the other Wards weren't even shocked that one of them had gotten so badly hurt. Sure, Dash was reckless, but in any other city a Ward being hurt would have been horrifying. Here it's not even noteworthy," Helen explained. She'd heard about how bad Brockton Bay was compared to the rest of the country, but she'd never realised just how much people undersold it. "Rumour has it you're planning to start your own heroic counter to your brother's League of Villains, and yes, I was hoping to eventually work up to getting your help transferring from the PRT to whatever organisation you form. I imagine New Wave will be a part of it."

"You aren't wrong, I do still plan to make an organisation for Independent heroes and rogues, an alternative to being absorbed by the ever-hungry beast that is the PRT, though I'm still working on getting all the pieces into place, and having the Incredibles would certainly help build its reputation," Prophet admitted, rubbing his chin. "Naturally, if you joined my still unnamed group, keeping the younger capes out of serious fights would be a priority, Dash is only eleven isn't he?"

"He is, and he's already fighting other capes. Bob loves the Cape life, and Dash takes after his father. He's already talking about joining Endbringer attacks as search and rescue, the PRT thinks he'd be able to retrieve downed capes at superspeed with minimal danger to himself," Helen ranted, letting out some of her bottled up emotions. "So while I very much want your upgrades to make them as safe as possible, you're right. What I want most is to get my children out of the hands of the PRT," Helen admitted.

Once they were out, she'd have much more control over where Dash could go and not have to worry about the PRT using Violet to scout gang territory or sending Dash against a fucking Endbringer because they thought it had 'acceptable' risks. She was half-convinced this city had been spoiled by Panacea, because what would have been life-altering injuries anywhere else just got reduced to 'we'll get Panacea to fix it'. Anything short of brain damage or death could be fixed in a few minutes. Maybe her recent vacation would get people to realise the risks, but she doubted it.

The worst part was that Bob encouraged Dash, thrilled to have two heroic children. The first time Dash picked a fight with a villain, Bob had cheered him on, even though Dash could have died. Sure, it was a minor villain back in NYC, but it was her son, who wasn't even in the double-digits at the time, getting into a cape fight.

"But to do so, you'd need to get out of the frankly restrictive contract you were strong-armed into, and as such you need my help," Prophet continued. "I can certainly see your concerns."

Standing up, he walked over to his office desk and pulled out a small folder, returning to his seat as he briefly flicked through it.

"The PRT is never eager to let go of any power they manage to sink their teeth into- it's why I decided to go independent in the first place. You do realise they only permitted you to approach me so they could test you afterwards and make sure that my power doesn't have any side effects? The fear that I'm a second coming of Teacher is a large part of their reticence," Prophet asked, making her nod.

She wasn't naive enough to not realise she was being used as a test dummy.

Prophet went quiet for a moment, skimming through the folder before he closed it and put it on the table between the chair and couch, gesturing to it. Taking the hint, she opened it up and started to read as her eyes widened.

She didn't understand what she was reading at first, financial transitions and some messages that were mostly in code, but as she moved to the next page she felt anger start to burn in her chest.

Prophet had written down his own findings, explaining exactly what she was looking at.

Bob's old boss was taking payments from the local villains to keep Bob busy, timing his shifts to prevent Mr Incredible from showing up at crime scenes. There was even proof that Bob hadn't hurt the little bastard that badly, a villain had arranged for the man to be much more badly hurt while making it look like it was from Bob's punch after he was taken to the hospital, in exchange for a literal fortune. Bob had hurt him, some broken ribs mostly, but most of the damage came later.

"I started looking into this when you messaged me, I like having all the information I need for conversations like this," Prophet explained, making her blink. She had messaged him yesterday evening, less than 24 hours ago.

"This-"

"Unfortunately doesn't help you get out of your contract with the PRT, from what I've gathered it is rather… ironclad, but I have a plan for that," Prophet cut in, making her pause before she thought about it and sighed. He was right, the contract wasn't easily broken without a mountain of repercussions, even if the mess that started this wasn't as clear cut as she'd originally thought. "Needless to say, I am interested in adding your family to my future faction, and I do believe I can arrange for the PRT to let you go, but not just yet. I need you to go back to the PRT with an upgrade so they can test it after all, and I can use this. Have you considered what you're going to tell them? I imagine you aren't going to be eager to inform them that you're trying to wiggle your way out of their hands."

"No, I won't be telling them that. They didn't mind using dirty tactics to get my family under their control, so I see nothing wrong with returning the favour," Helen said bluntly, making him chuckle in agreement. "So what do you plan to do?"

"Firstly, I'm going to leak the truth of what actually happened and do a little more digging into that mess. I still believe I'm missing something, to be perfectly honest. As for the upgrades, you can tell them that I upgraded you for free 'so they could test it' because while that will help soothe their worries, it'll also give them no idea how much upgrades are actually worth," Prophet explained, lips twitching in amusement.

She couldn't tell if he was doing this as part of some scheme or if he just wanted to make things more complicated for the PRT, either way, she didn't exactly disapprove as he placed his hand on hers, something inside her body tingling.

"Quite the impressive power, Mrs Parr. The most obvious upgrade I can think of is to remove your weakness to extreme temperatures, though you also have shapeshifting and size alteration available as potential upgrades. I will say, the weakness removal seems like it will have the shortest 'cooldown' and I intend to be very generous with my upgrades with members of the group I really need to think of a name for," Prophet explained, making her pause for a moment.

Her weaknesses were rather well-known due to the sheer amount of time she'd been a hero, so while being able to shapeshift or alter her size sounded nice, she agreed with him on which upgrade was the best.

"Remove my weakness, please," Helen decided, shuddering with pleasure as he did his magic with her power, altering it.

"Done, I'd recommend testing it but I believe the limits of how cold or hot you can be before it becomes an issue for your power have been massively increased. This isn't an exact science I'm afraid, and to be frank I'm still learning exactly how this particular power works."

"And you can't waste time when your brother is out there upgrading the villains he has at his disposal, not when the League are already frankly running circles around us," Helen agreed, smiling.

"That's the issue with being on the side of angels, you're almost always on the defensive, stuck reacting to the actions of the bad guys. No time to rest because Midas certainly doesn't. He always was a try-hard," Prophet muttered, rolling his eyes.

"Do you mind if I ask you something personal?" Helen asked, making him raise an eyebrow, gesturing to go on. "What is it like fighting your own brother like this?"

"Hm, honestly the answer is probably dumber than you think because this feels entirely too much like when we used to compete over… basically anything when we were younger. As much of a pain he is being, I can't really see him as a true enemy, just a rival," Prophet admitted. "In truth, I hope to beat him well enough to get him to switch sides and join me in the more light-grey area than the dark-grey he enjoys. I'm not a paragon of good after all, and he's on the more benevolent side of villainy. He's too intelligent to have him wasting away in prison, not to mention he'd definitely either escape or take over, and I genuinely think we could do wonders together. Unfortunately, we are both very prideful people, and we both want to prove we're smarter than the other."

"So this is like a game to you?" Helen asked, mildly amused despite herself. If she ever needed more proof that they were brothers, she'd just gotten it.

"A very serious one, perhaps. It's funny, I'm fairly certain that if I'd gone villain, he'd be the one sitting here playing the hero to counter me. We've always been like this, this is just on a much grander scale," Prophet admitted with a self-deprecating laugh.

She wondered if that meant the same for him, if Midas had become a hero, would Prophet have become a villain just to try and beat him? She couldn't deny his words though, Midas' villainy was much less blatantly evil than the likes of Kaiser and Lung.

"Anyway, for now, I want you to play along with the PRT's tests while I lay the groundwork for both my new faction and your extraction from the PRT. We can discuss upgrades for your husband and children at a later date, but I do believe I have some work to do," Prophet said with a slight grin.

"Of course, thank you," Helen said gratefully, giving him a warm smile as he finished off his drink.

"Oh, feel free to take the bottle with you. I'm not one for wine," Prophet said as an afterthought, raising her eyebrow even as she accepted his very generous offer.

Saying their goodbyes, she left the club with a satisfied smile. Prophet might call himself 'light-grey' but he was a golden ray of hope for her getting Dash and Violet out of this chaos, and honesty far nicer than she expected, given what she heard of his meeting with the Director.

Maybe he just really didn't like the PRT?

Out of curiosity, she searched up the price for the bottle she now had in her car, almost choking as she got her answer. Apparently they had become even rarer since she last checked because the only price she could find was in the high five digits. Surely he wouldn't just give that much away just to flex his intelligence?

Wait, was this to show the PRT that money wasn't going to be enough to gain his services? The kind of man who could give away such an expensive gift wasn't the type of man who could be bought with conventional wealth. She wasn't sure, but she'd make sure to mention its value a few times so word got around.

Given what Prophet was doing for her family, it was the least she could do.

Getting a message as she arrived back home, she paused at the contents.

Prophet wanted to know if she'd be willing to model for his agency, much like the female members of New Wave had done. She wasn't exactly shy, but that was a little much for her… but then again, she did owe him, and was it really that bad?

Well, she'd talk to Bob about it first, maybe set some limitations on how much she was willing to reveal, it wasn't like there weren't bikini pictures of her out there on the internet.

Sending a very definitive maybe, she poured herself a glass of extremely expensive wine and smiled. Prophet was far more reasonable than she feared, and it looked like things were going to go better than she had originally hoped.

Yes, working with Prophet was what was best for her family.

– Jin Yukimura (Midas right now) –

Contemplating having her husband killed, I shake my head. I can do better than that, assassination is just so… crass. Both Mr Incredible and Dash are reckless, I can use that. My power that makes people more pliable when they feel indebted to me will have Helen putting a collar around her neck with 'Property of Jin' soon enough.

Her daughter could be a powerful tool. I'm going to steal the ABB's invisible assassin, but I would like an infiltrator for Prophet as well, and Violet seems like she's just asking to be manipulated with how poor her social skills are.

Maybe I should arrange for someone to try and take her down with her old weaknesses to make her even more grateful? Something to consider.

Also, that woman is a few upgrades away from becoming Plastic Man from DC, one of the scariest characters in the Justice League. She can outright get a toonforce upgrade even if it takes several upgrades. She's already powerful and extremely experienced, with my gentle guiding hand she'll become a powerful tool.

Also, she's extremely hot, so Bob might have to go if she turns out to be a little too loyal. It is Elastigirl after all, she's got that Pixar mom body. I think everyone would do the same in my position.

Having her working under me will be a pleasure and a benefit.

Author's Note: I was bribed by an in-depth review by Don Fluffles for a bonus chapter focused on Elastigirl.


I am entirely motivated by praise and interaction, so leave a review and I'll probably write faster.

I havDiscordcord server with a bunch of other authors and a load of porn. So much porn.

Here's the link for that: discord .gg/wd3tUYWVCd

If it says it's expired, it is probably your account being unable to join NSFW servers and you'll need to fix that. If you fix that and it still says it's expired, add me (ThePumpkinKing) and I'll invite you myself.

I've finally started to use my Pat reon for something. I've added some discord integration so that my patrons can read early previews of chapters. This won't affect regular posting, but if you wanna read my works a day or two early then consider checking it out
Link: Pat reon .com/ TheDarkWolfShiro
"Sanity and happiness are an impossible combination."
― Mark Twain

​
My Discord, come here for porn and also sometimes fics: https://discord.gg/wd3tUYWVCd

My Patreon, I promise to spend any money given to me irresponsibly: https://www.patreon.com/TheDarkWolfShiro​
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Jebbedaiah, Torlok, gartf and 1,304 others
The Dark Wolf Shiro
Oct 23, 2023
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 24: Sisterly Love
View content
The Dark Wolf Shiro
The Dark Wolf Shiro
Everyone Hail to the Pumpkin King
JoinedApr 1, 2019
Messages9,336
Likes received960,957
Mar 9, 2024
Add bookmark
#4,265
Disclaimer: I own nothing but my original characters and works; all other characters and worlds belong to their respective owners. I'm just playing with them.
Betad by Marethyu, Beans, Malcolm Tent, Mike God of Lore, Old man of the mountain, Priapus

The Guild of Gamers: The Supervillain
Chapter 24: Sisterly Love

– Amy Dallon –

Pressing her breasts against Vicky's, they posed for the camera with smiles as their naked bodies pushed together. This had been her life for the past few hours, taking increasingly risque pictures with her beloved sister.

Vicky, who she had lusted over for years, was utterly naked as she hugged Amy, grinning for the camera. Jin had even admitted that these pictures were for his private enjoyment, not public release, making Vicky even naughtier for her beloved boyfriend.

Kissing Amy, Vicky squeezed her ass and moaned into Amy's mouth for Jin's enjoyment. Amy returned the kiss, her hands wandering Vicky's body with fervour.

She didn't care that Jin was watching, she didn't care that this was all on camera, she just cared that Vicky was kissing her. For the first time in history, her affections were being returned.

She wasn't dumb; she knew that Vicky was only doing this for Jin's pleasure. This was only possible because of Jin, and he clearly knew it, giving her a smug smile.

'Look at what I can do for you.' 'You couldn't have this without me.'

"Girls, I think that's enough," Jin said, making her eyes widen as she glared at the smug older man. Vicky immediately moved away from her, running to Jin's side like a well-trained dog. "Let's move this upstairs."

As she went to get changed, Jin gave her a look that told her to stop immediately. Vicky remained completely naked, so Amy followed behind as her sister trailed after Jin like a good little sex toy. Jin really had trained Vicky, cementing in her mind that if she exposed him it would destroy Vicky.

Moving to his bedroom, she felt her heart pound as Vicky grinned at the sight of Jin undoing his shirt.

"Did we get you all worked up?" Vicky teased as Jin sat down at the edge of the bed, utterly shirtless in just his trousers.

"Yes, and now it's time to pay for it. Girls, kneel in front of me," Jin demanded, and Vicky basically jumped to obey him. Amy hesitated for a moment, but before long, she was next to Vicky, watching him pull his cock out. "I take it you two can work together; sisters should get along."

Grabbing both of their hair, he pushed them towards his cock, and Vicky immediately kissed it, rubbing her lips along his fat shaft. Amy copied her, both kissing either side of his cock as they stared at each other, their bodies pressed together in the tight space between his legs. Vicky moved first, taking the tip of his cock into her mouth, immediately worshipping his cock as she started to suck it.

Amy moved lower, reluctantly licking and sucking on Jin's balls, her hand moving to Vicky's ass. Vicky didn't try to stop her, letting Amy molest her uncaringly as Vicky worked hard to please her master.

"Switch," Jin ordered, making Vicky pull back and move down to her balls. Amy moved up, wondering when she'd become so used to following his every command. Vicky returned the favour, groping her ass while they worked together to please Midas.

Not that Vicky realised she was servicing the villain's cock. Vicky was getting taken advantage of by a villain and Amy was letting her. Midas had Vicky dancing in the palm of his hands, and she was letting it happen. Oddly enough, she didn't feel as guilty about that as she should.

Jin was good for the Bay. He had plans for everyone, and the city was already better for having him in it. If she exposed him, she'd just ruin her family's lives… and not even slow him down. That was her excuse, and she was sticking with it.

Jin started to grunt, gripping her hair and pushing her head down as he started to cum. She'd personally increased his semen production, so she knew to anticipate the large load that started to flood her cheeks as she struggled to swallow it all.

Pulling her head back, he finished on her face as Vicky immediately moved, kissing her again to fight over the cum. Vicky lapped at her face like an addict, clearly loving the taste of his semen as they made out and swapped it between them.

"Girls, on the bed. Amy, you're first," Jin ordered, making Vicky jump up, gasping as Jin spanked her ass roughly. Amy rose to her feet, catching her breath as she blushed and moved onto the bed.

Legs spread, she watched Vicky sit next to her, ready to watch her get fucked, but Jin paused and sighed as his phone went off.

"I have to take this, Cape work. Vicky, get your sister ready for me," Jin said, giving her a look as Vicky agreed and immediately moved between her legs. As Vicky began to lap at her already-soaked slit, she stared into Jin's knowing eyes.

This was her reward for betraying everyone, her sister's head between her legs, and as one of those legs locked around Vicky's head, she had one simple thought.

Worth it.

Jin talked quietly, sitting on the chair at his desk as he seemed agitated by something. She couldn't tell if it was real; Jin was a fantastic actor. She didn't care either; she was sure her moans were audible on the other end of the phone as Vicky's skilful tongue plundered her depths.

She wasn't going to last until Jin was done with his call at this rate, gripping Vicky's hair as her beloved sister smirked up at her, proud of the way Amy was writhing under her.

"Man, Amy, you wouldn't last five minutes with Crystal," Vicky giggled, making her blush at the image.

"That's because your sister is a horny slut, and a bisexual one. She's been getting her masculine interests fulfilled but not her feminine ones," Jin explained, ending the call as Vicky's eyes widened knowingly, giving her another smirk as she tweaked Amy's large tits.

"She's ready for you," Vicky said, but Jin grabbed her waist and forced Vicky back down.

"But you've been waving your sexy little ass at me while I was trying to work, so I've changed my mind. Get back to work, don't leave Amy waiting her turn," Jin demanded, pushing Vicky's head back down between her legs as he slammed into Vicky's waiting cunt.

Vicky moaned, but she obeyed as she started to lick Amy's cunt again, even as Jin took her from behind. Jin smirked from behind Vicky, once again reminding her that this was only possible because of him. She just nodded submissively, unseen by Vicky, as she submitted to her master.

It wasn't long before she was cumming, and Vicky followed right along as Jin pumped his seed into her hungry teen womb. Jin didn't need to wait, moving from sister to sister as he ordered Vicky to sit on her face.

Vicky obeyed, seemingly unaware of how submissive she acted around Jin, and Amy wasted no time in returning the favour. Vicky's arousal and Jin's cum leaked out of her, Amy lapping it all up like the slut she was, even as Jin played with her tits.

They were making out, both using her for their own pleasure, not that she minded. From position to position, Jin made sure to fuck both of them repeatedly, leaving both sisters a sweaty, cum-stained mess in his bed as he was finally satisfied.

His phone rang again as he pulled out of Vicky's abused ass, Vicky moaning as Amy moved forwards and immediately started to eat the cum-stuffed booty.

"Girls, I have work to do. You can both rest here but don't go too far. I want you both ready and waiting for when I'm done," Jin demanded, making Vicky laugh even as she moaned.

"Again? You've fucked us both so many times that I can't feel my legs," Vicky whined, unable to hide the pleasure in her tone. She was close to cumming a second time, shuddering as Amy fingered her.

"Then Amy can fix you so I can fuck you senseless again," Jin deadpanned. "I'll be back later."

Leaving them, Vicky just moaned at the onslaught of pleasure. Amy was a cheat, using her power to enhance Vicky's pleasure in ways other girls could never do, and it wasn't long until Vicky was cumming again.

"I think he has a thing for sisters," Vicky moaned, sitting up looking like a well-fucked angel. She was practically glowing, sweat glistening on her beautiful body.

"Then we should get used to this; the pervy bastard will want us together a lot," Amy said, making Vicky laugh tiredly. Before she could reply, Amy moved forward and kissed her sister, pushing her down onto the bed.

Groping Vicky, her sister returned her affections as they kept each other company while Jin was busy doing something evil probably.

She didn't care; Jin could be out there kicking puppies and she'd still thank him on her hands and knees (a position she was oh-so-familiar with after the past few hours). Her sick fantasy was now her sexy reality.

And all it took was submission to the smartest villain in Brockton Bay.

– Aisha Laborn –

"You realise that there is no going back from this?" Midas asked, making her roll her eyes as she took off her top and unclipped her bra. "If we do this, you are going to be mine forever."

"No, duh," Aisha scoffed, undoing her shorts and pushing them (and her panties) down. Standing before him in her birthday suit, she gave him a challenging look. "You think I'm gonna back out; after all this? Stop being a pussy, and let's do this."

Midas just raised an eyebrow at her stubborn tone.

"I simply wish to make sure you understand what you are getting yourself in for," Midas replied, giving her a once-over. "This is not something that can be undone."

"Yeah, no shit, Sherlock. I know that. I'm not dumb," Aisha scoffed, seeing the annoyance in his eyes and reminding herself that she was pushing her luck with the dangerous villain. "Look, I get it. I'm in for the long haul; you can tattoo 'Property of Midas' on my ass for all I care. I want this."

"Very well, if you are sure," Jin said, taking her hand and guiding her to the chair. She couldn't deny that her heart was beating as she lay down in the surgery chair. "Let's get you chromed up."

But this was something she couldn't possibly miss out on, and as she was drugged with the anaesthesia, she grinned. It was time to get chromed.

– Later –

Testing her new cyberware in the training range, she activated her Sandevistan and watched the world slow to a crawl around her. Mantis blades tore the dummies apart, making her feel like a fucking god as Midas watched calmly.

"I take it you are enjoying your new toys?" Midas asked, making her grin at him. She was just wearing a pair of tight sports shorts and a tank top, wanting full movement as she nodded wildly. "Then perhaps it is time for us to discuss how you will be paying me back for your powers and new tech."

"Hit me with it, boss. What do you need me to do?" Aisha asked, pausing. "Is it sex? Because I'm totally down."

"Perhaps, but I have bigger plans for you than just serving as my cocksleeve," Midas said bluntly. "Follow me."

Turning and walking away, she followed behind quickly. She wasn't going to risk him deciding to take her new tech away from her. Not least of which was because he'd replaced her legs and arms with cyberware, not to mention her spine, eyes and several other things she kinda needed.

Yeah, she'd gotten carried away, but Midas had said it was safe, and it was so cool to be able to activate tech with just a look. Not to mention the combat analysis software that basically made her a fucking Jedi.

Moving to his office, he gestured at the large table which had the map of Brockton Bay on top of it. It was a cool interactive map showing different gang territory and cape locations, and he gestured at a small piece of technology.

"See this little slice of the city?" Midas asked, gesturing to a small territory that lit up. It was right alongside the PRT turf, where regular Ward patrols passed close by.

"Yup," Aisha agreed, gasping as he moved his free hand down to her ass, groping her backside roughly as Midas continued as if nothing was happening.

"This is your turf now because I have a special job for you," Midas said. Her eyes widened. "You're going to do what you do best."

"W-what do you mean?" Aisha asked, making him smile wryly. He was still playing with her ass, his hand slipping into her shorts to grope her firm booty directly, but she didn't let herself react. She wasn't losing this game.

"You are… extremely annoying," Midas deadpanned, making her blink before she shrugged. "I plan to use that against the PRT. You will be given several capes, a small force of goons. Your job is to be a menace but never commit any crimes that would warrant a PRT response. Your goal is to waste the Ward's time and PRT/BBPD resources. I'm also going to have White Rabbit take you on as an apprentice to teach you how to truly steal."

"So, I just need to be annoying?" Aisha asked, grinning widely. "Oh, I can do that."

"That's what I'm counting on; your goal is to become the Wards' rival. Brockton Bay Wards see more combat than most; I want you to change that purely by tying them up with petty pranks and ambushes. Just be an annoyance to them while staying small enough that it would seem like overkill if they send the Protectorate capes after you," Midas explained, making her grin excitedly.

"I was born for this," Aisha swore, vibrating with excitement. She was gonna be so fucking annoying.

"That, I believe," Midas deadpanned, finally stopping his blatant molestation of her. "Now, I've set up a hideout for you in your new territory. Remember, you are not to commit anything serious enough for a serious response."

"Don't worry, being petty is my speciality," Aisha promised, grinning.

"Then let's get you started," Midas said, giving her a pat on the shoulder.

This was going to be amazing.

– Brian Laborn (Grue) –

Being called to meet Midas made his heart drop, convinced that Midas already knew that he and Shinso had betrayed him as they both stood in his office. Leaking information to the PRT was always going to be risky, and if they'd already gotten caught…

It was too late now; they'd told Armsmaster about the new gang Midas was forming that they were going to be a part of.

"So, today is the day?" Shinso asked awkwardly, making Midas nod. They were all in the back of his limo, made by Squealer or whatever she was going by now.

"It is; we shall be there soon," Midas said calmly, making them share a look.

Reaching their destination, he hoped Armsmaster knew what he was doing as they headed into the new base. If this went wrong…

And yet, as they walked into the base his heart froze at the sight of Aisha, the first time he'd seen her since she'd been taken.

"Aish- what did he do to you?" Brian asked, horrified to see the modifications Midas had made to his sister.

"Nothing I didn't ask for; guess who's a cape now?" Aisha said excitedly, almost blurring as she closed the distance. "Wait, are these my minions?!"

"That's right, Aisha, you already know Brian. Brian, Shinso, this is Aisha. She's the leader of the gang you'll both be joining," Midas said, making them both freeze and share a look. "Are you ready for your debut?"

"Hell yeah," Aisha said excitedly, but his heart was pounding. Aisha had been chromed. He'd heard of Midas' men getting limbs replaced with tinkertech, but he'd chromed little Aisha.

Aisha would need maintenance; if she were captured, then the PRT wouldn't be able to keep the tech working, and Aisha had a lot. They'd told Armsmaster about the job they were both going to be on soon, and he was going to show up to Aisha's cape debut.

Midas knew.

The look in his eyes seemed amused, knowing the trap he'd caught them in. If he went through with his current plan, Aisha might be arrested. He'd have to fight Armsmaster to keep Aisha safe. Armsmaster would assume he'd been lured into a trap; the original plan was for them to get away, but Midas' plans were supposed to be disrupted by Armsmaster.

If they went with that, Aisha would be at risk.

"Aisha, go get changed into your new outfit," Midas ordered, making her move away. The moment she left the room, his expression changed. "Did you honestly think I wouldn't find out? One word, Puppeteer, and your family will be executed. My men are there as we speak."

Shinso went silent, his mouth clamping shut.

"You tried to outsmart me; this was not a good plan. You have two choices; I know you've alerted Armsmaster to this little operation because I allowed you to find the intel I wanted you to leak. You two will help Aisha take down Armsmaster, humiliate him, and destroy the trust you've built with him. Fail, and Aisha will be arrested, where I will be forced to… deactivate her so my tech doesn't fall into PRT hands, and I will simply wash my hands of you both, permanently," Midas drawled. "I hate traitors, more than I ever do my enemies. Your ends will not be clean; this is your one and only chance to prove you are worth keeping around."

Aisha returned, wearing a black and gold outfit with a bandana that could be pulled up over her lower face with a golden skull on it. It made her loyalty to Midas clear. The outfit comprised black trousers, a tight shirt, and a jacket that reached past her bottom. Aisha couldn't stop vibrating with excitement, clearly not understanding the seriousness of the situation. Even the purple streak in her hair had been made golden.

"Oh, hey, the gang's all here," Regent lazily said, showing up. "You two getting made Aisha's goons too?"

"Yup, you're all my bitches now," Aisha laughed, making Regent shrug.

"I get to play games and still get paid; I'll be anyone's bitch for this cushy position," Regent said shamelessly. Regent was wearing a black and gold version of his old outfit, and it wasn't long until some of Midas' thugs arrived carrying theirs.

"That's the spirit," Aisha said. "Oi, you two. Get changed; we have a theme here," Aisha ordered, grinning wildly.

"You heard your boss; you have work to do after all," Midas said simply, guiding Aisha over to the table where they were going over the plans.

This was going to end poorly, no matter what… but he had no choice; he needed to stop Armsmaster (after luring him here).

– Colin Wallis (Armsmaster) –

He was actually surprised that he got permission to take on this new lead against Midas, his informants letting him know that Midas planned to debut a new gang at the very edge of PRT territory.

Piggot didn't agree, but Costa-Brown trusted him to put a stop to whatever Midas was up to. They'd been playing defence ever since Midas had shown up, but finally, they had a chance to put him on the defensive.

Arriving, he watched thugs spray-painting some signs on the walls, frowning as he spotted his informant. Grue was wearing his old outfit, only now it had clear golden accents to declare that he was one of Midas' men.

Puppeteer was there too, looking uncomfortable as they listened to a new cape talk. The girl was short, with a golden streak in her black hair. She was clearly young, Wards age if they could capture her and get her to turn.

Midas himself was nowhere in sight, which was good because he'd been ordered to retreat if the man himself showed up. It was short-sighted; yes, he'd lost last time, but that was only because he didn't know about Midas' striker power.

If he kept his distance-

Ah well, he could take down this new cape and Regent, along with capturing several of Midas' thugs. One of them would talk, and finally, they'd have more to work on.

As he arrived, the capes stopped. He normally wouldn't take on four capes alone, but he knew Puppeteer and Grue would only put up a token resistance. This would be a much-needed victory for him, maybe even save his failing career to finally deal Midas a defeat.

"Surrender," he demanded, making the girl laugh.

"Didn't you say that to Midas before he kicked your ass?" the girl asked, grinning. "Nah, I don't feel like it, Halbeard. We've been waiting for you."

His eyes widened, glancing at Puppeteer and Grue. Grue looked away, but as he went to contact the PRT, a cloud of darkness covered the area and cut him off. He couldn't see, but it wasn't a disadvantage they shared as something hit him, knocking him back.

"Man, your gear sucks, can't believe I used to have your action figure," the girl said, and as she approached, he could finally see her. Her eyes, artificial, glowed in the darkness as his armour locked up. "Whoops sucks to suck. Your look kinda sucks, but don't you worry. I can fix that."

"Hero, say what?" a second voice said, making him freeze.

"Wha-"

Puppeteer gave him an awkward look as he shrugged helplessly. No, he'd been tricked. This was a trap.

But the girl just grinned, pulling out a set of markers with a grin on her lips along with… was that a razor?

– Emily Piggot –

"...do I need to remind you how obscene this looks?" Emily asked, staring at Armsmaster with nothing resembling pity. "This new girl, Imp, is already being treated like a more playful Uber and Leet, she spends most of her time committing minor crimes, streaming them. She's a literal child."

Armsmaster didn't say anything; his armour was spray-painted gold, with crude symbols and sayings drawn onto it with permanent marker. His signature beard had been partially shaved, but only in the weirdest places. Aside from having a literal Hitler stash, she'd left the parts of the beard going around his mouth while shaving his chin. It made him look ridiculous.

"You lost to a child after going after her against my orders, going behind my back to ask Costa-Brown instead. Again. She recorded the entire thing, parading you around like an action figure; how did she even do that?" Emily asked, making him hesitate.

"I believe Midas has studied my tech and worked out how to hack into my armour, allowing the tech he has given this Imp to take control of it against my will. He used Grue's power to cut me off from Dragon, and she wasn't able to reconnect to it once the power lifted," Armsmaster admitted.

"So, she can just take control with a glance. Do I need to send you the videos of you doing the YMCA for her adoring fans? How about the one of you dancing to 'I'm a little teapot' while she sings. Badly," Emily asked, seeing Armsmaster seethe.

Yeah, she was pissed too.

"I thought Grue was leaking information to you?" Emily asked.

"He was, and I confirmed the intel he was sending several times. We used it to stop some minor schemes Midas was performing; this should have-"

"So Midas used him to leak irrelevant data to you, then lured you in where he could have a teenage girl humiliate you? Which, by the way, Prophet predicted he'd do," Emily snarled.

One of their top heroes, and now they'd been publicly humiliated by Midas and then Midas's teenage minion, who seemed more interested in painting crude insults to the PRT on the boardwalk than actually committing real crimes.

So far, she'd stolen some ice cream from the Boardwalk, ran circles around the PRT troopers who responded, kicked one of them into the Bay, and left graffiti everywhere. Almost all of it making fun of the PRT.

She was a child, making fun of people and using her powers to be a general menace. So far, they'd driven her back once, and it was Vista and Kid Win who managed to drive the gremlin away.

Which only made Armsmaster look worse, because the girl who had him do the cha-cha down the street lost to Vista.

"Armsmaster, I want to be very clear about this. Do not engage anyone with even the slightest connection to Midas. I don't care if you see Midas dragging a comically large bag with cash signs on it through the street; ignore him. Your reputation cannot survive another humiliation like this, and I won't have you drag us down with you," Emily said, glaring at the bastard who had ignored her.

They had a thinker who could predict Midas with some success, but this glory hound had ignored Prophet's warning, so sure he could handle some minor villains.

As Armsmaster left, she opened her emails from Prophet. They still weren't sure what it would take to get Prophet to empower them, but at least he seemed to have a grudge against Midas.

'I've been studying this new gang; they're made to waste resources. Minor crimes meant to tie up the BBPD and PRT resources; you wouldn't be able to hold any of them due to their incredibly minor crimes, even if captured. No court is going to risk drawing the League of Villains over graffiti or petty theft. Don't send Protectorate capes after them; it'll prompt a more serious response and make you look worse for overreacting to a kid. Use the Wards; Midas won't want them getting a serious response, so there's no real risk to them.'

She hated that he practically gave her orders, but Watchdog had already agreed that he was probably right, so Costa-Brown had given the order to listen to Prophet.

They didn't have the resources to focus on some dumb kids playing games, with the Empire seemingly preparing for a war with Midas, given Purity's fucking air strike on one of Midas' bases. The Wards would have to deal with this Imp; the real heroes needed to focus elsewhere.

She really hated Midas, and his smug 'hero' brother, for that matter. Nothing had gone right since those two had shown up.

– Lisa Wilbourne (Tattletale) –

People didn't realise just how expansive Jin's empire truly was.

When he had first arrived, he had been pulling thugs out of thin air, but had suddenly stopped after taking over Merchant territory. His numbers had stabilised, and he'd seemed to stop growing in terms of gang members.

Only he hadn't; he'd continued to recruit more and more of his minions; he was just diverting them elsewhere.

Many of them had gone to the various hotels, the Orientals, that the League worked out from. They served as bouncers and hired muscle; even the bartenders and waitresses were Midas' pseudo-summons.

The League had a good thing going, offering lesser villains the manpower they needed to really make it. It meant so many lesser villains out there had gangs entirely of Midas' men.

It was just one of the many services the League offered its members. So many villains were held back by the inability to gather followers; with this and the Thinker support the League offered, minor villains were becoming major players all across America and Europe.

And as they all paid their dues to the League, it was putting villains on the same level as the PRT capes when it came to support. Tinkers could get their much-needed resources through the League, and thieves could auction their stolen goods, getting their money laundered in the process.

Then there were the fucking PMCs, as in plural. Midas was currently the puppet master for the top three PMCs operating in Africa.

He was waging proxy wars against himself just to test his tech, having two of his PMCs working for two different warlords who were fighting each other for territory.

It wasn't just his summons, he'd found a lot of success recruiting veterans. Especially crippled ones, offering the tech to replace their ruined limbs, it was easy for him to recruit countless veterans, many formerly homeless, into his forces. How he ensured loyalty, she wasn't entirely sure yet but he clearly had his ways.

He worked out where they were best suited, both in terms of what they were willing to do and where their skills lay, from simple security gigs, working for villains as hired muscle, all the way to being deployed in military operations.

Midas was so much bigger than anyone realised, and here she was with all that information at her fingertips. She could relocate the PMCs wherever she wanted, her own private armies.

Of course she'd have to explain to Midas why she'd relocated them, and she better have a good explanation.

Still, Midas was only publicly focused on Brockton Bay. In actuality, he was spreading through America and Europe through the League and using his PMCs to start to expand into Africa and the Middle East.

The PRT had no idea just how powerful her boss had become, countless companies taken over by both legal and highly questionable means, and blackmail on countless key public figures. They'd probably quarantine the Bay and lock him in it if they had a clue just how dangerous he really was.

As her boss arrived, she turned to face the door he'd be coming through. She'd been waiting for this for a long time, watching Midas enter.

Behind him, Bob dragged a man with a bag over his head into the room.

Oh, she'd been waiting for this for so, so long. Hello, Coil.

— Thomas Calvert (Coil) —

Midas thought he was funny, the method he was so fond of using with Thinkers being used on him as he was bagged and dragged.

He wasn't out of the game yet, the bag being pulled off his head as he came face to face with Midas himself.

"I thought you'd enjoy experiencing things from the other side," Midas said simply, making Coil force down his glare as a gun was pushed into the back of his head.

Trying to split the timelines, his power just refused to work with the one who had been fucking with it so much sitting right in front of him.

He only had one chance here.

"I have to admit, I underestimated you," Coil said, giving Midas a slight smile. "But then, everyone did."

"Ah, flattery? I expected threats," Midas laughed. Making Coil shrug.

"You have me on my knees with my arms bound behind my back, with a gun to my head. You've replaced me, my men none-the-wiser and undoubtedly stolen my resources. We both know any threats would be rather pointless," Coil admitted, hiding his rage at how much this newcomer had set him back. "I can admit when I'm beaten and admire the skill of the plans that brought me down. I'm curious, how long have you had my base compromised?"

"Long enough," Midas confirmed a slight smirk on his smug face.

"I'm still alive despite everything, which means you have plans for me. My power doesn't work around you, but I'm sure you understand how powerful it truly is. So, I'm to be your Tattletale? Why else would you spare me," Coil laughed. He could work with this, get into a position of power in the League and start again.

If he could take over the League, he'd be able to recover from his losses and go even further. He was genuinely annoyed he didn't think of it first.

"Ah, you misunderstand. I don't want you. I'm simply keeping a promise," Midas said, stepping to the side as someone else walked into view. "I don't need you as my Tattletale because I have the original model, and she's cuter than you."

"Hi, Tommy," Lisa said, a smug smile on her lips as his eyes widened from the gun she was holding. The same gun he'd had her threatened with when he first recruited her.

"I am far more powerful than her. I successfully ran a powerful group without anyone being any the wiser to my existence; Lisa could barely keep the Undersiders in line," Coil said, understanding that Lisa 100% intended to kill him.

"Your fate is in her hands. You're just her sign-up bonus," Midas said with a lazy shrug. "I just don't need or particularly want you."

Turning back to Lisa, he froze as she pulled out a coin.

"Heads or tails?" Lisa asked, making him hesitate.

"You can't be serious-" he started, cutting off as she shot him in the leg. "H-heads!"

Flipping the coin, she caught it and looked down.

"Impressive. If I remember you called it correctly twelve times when you were showing off. So, that's one down and eleven to go," Lisa taunted. "Heads or tails."

"Tails," Coil tried, his power still refusing to work with Midas right there.

Catching it again, she gave him a smug smile as she showed him the coin. Heads again.

"Looks like you aren't as smart as you thought," Lisa said, raising the gun.

He went to speak, but with a look of complete disdain, she pulled the trigger, and he fell to the floor, a hole through his forehead.

— Lisa Wilbourne (The Shadow Broker) —

Watching the body get dragged away for disposal, she sat back down with a wide smile.

Coil was done; he was yesterday's news. He was just a delusional little snake who thought he was a god.

Watching him realise she was going to kill him made everything worth it. With him right there, working out what he'd done with his alternative timelines wasn't hard.

He'd killed her before, or at least simulated it, probably tortured and degraded her in all manner of ways since his power had given him a god complex where he thought he could do anything to anyone. She wondered how many times she'd been killed in an alternate timeline, how much rape or torture she'd been put through, but decided she didn't want to know (for once).

And now he was dead, dying after losing the same game he loved to show off his almighty power with.

"That was so easy," Lisa realised, looking down at the bloodstain left behind.

"Coil just didn't understand how small-time he truly was, that's all," Jin said with a shrug. "He was never going to last in the major leagues."

"So what happens now?" Lisa asked, making him give her a smile

"We both have our parts to play, Shadow Broker. The world is our oyster, but first, we need to remove the ABB and Empire from my city. We have much work to do, Coil was barely a footnote," Jin said easily. "The actors are all in position, and the play is about to begin. I just need to set the stage a little more first."

Knowing what he meant, she smiled as she spat on the bloodstain.

"Would you like me to have the corpse brought back?" Jin asked, making her shake her head.

"Coil isn't worth my time anymore, just some wannabe Bond villain who spent all his time hiding in his basement," Lisa scoffed, looking towards her computer from which she could control the world.

Pausing, she leaned up and placed a light kiss on the side of Jin's mouth, giving him a smug smile.

"Thanks, boss. I won't let you down. You won't regret keeping me over him," Lisa promised, making him smile.

"Of course I won't. I don't make mistakes," Jin said regally.

With his planning and her intelligence, no one could beat them. The world was theirs to play with.

— Bonus Scene — Kayden Anders (Purity)

Standing before Coil, she glared at the masked man as he stared her down.

"You said-"

"I said I'd return your daughter if you destroyed the base and killed Midas. You managed to do one of those things, Midas is very much still alive and unharmed," Coil drawled, making her glare.

"I saw him go into it. Your agents confirmed it. He should be dead," Kayden argued, but Coil just stared back at her.

"Should be, but he is most certainly not; you failed and have no doubt put him on guard from future attempts," Coil pointed out.

"You still set him against the Empire; you got what you wanted. Give me Aster back, or I'll-" Kayden started, glowing as he rose up.

"Or you'll what, Mrs Anders?" Coil asked, utterly calm as he walked around the desk and approached her.

Despite the rage she felt, she powered down and glared at the cold villain as he just stared her down expectantly.

"Oh? Lost your tongue?" Coil asked, one hand reaching up and groping her breast as her glare intensified. "Do not make threats you aren't able to fulfil; as long as I have Aster, you aren't doing anything except whatever I tell you to."

She went silent, knowing he was right.

"Try to threaten me again, and I'll have you entertain my men for the rest of the weekend to make up for your failure," Coil threatened, his hand moving down and slipping into her trousers.

The piece of shit was touching her pussy directly; his hand slipped into her panties as she stood there and let him, a feeling of hopelessness filling her at the rough molestation.

"Am I clear?" Coil asked, and she just forced down her anger and nodded, subdued. As long as he had Aster, she was at his mercy. She'd do anything for her daughter, and he knew it.

"Kneel," Coil ordered, and she forced down her disgust as she obeyed and fell to her knees. Undoing his suit, she could only watch with anger and humiliation as he pulled out a large, black cock.

Slapping it against her face, she glared up at him as he gripped her hair and stared down at her through his bodysuit.

Of course, he was a ni-

"Don't finish that thought unless you want to be passed around every former merchant I can find. Don't look so surprised; racists are predictable," Coil warned, pushing the tip against her mouth. "I'm giving you a chance to earn a second chance at getting your daughter back, so open wide and get to work. I suggest you don't fuck this up."

Despite her rage, her lips parted obediently, and the large manhood was pushed into her waiting mouth. He had no mercy for her, pumping his hips as he abused her throat roughly.

He was larger than Max, considerably so, and she could do nothing but gag from the brutal facefucking. This was the worst experience of her life, choking on Coil's black cock, his balls slapping against her chin as she was used like some whore.

With a final thrust, he pulled her head down until her lips were pushed against his shaven crotch, his semen flooding her throat as he pumped it down into her waiting gullet.

Pulling back, she gasped for air and glared up at her abuser. Her glare was ruined somewhat as he stroked himself, the last few spurts of his climax painting her angry features.

"I'll give you a second chance to save Aster, one last chance," Coil said as she rose to her feet, cum and slather covering her chin as she waited. "You're going to kill Kaiser for me."

"W-what?" Kayden asked, her blood running cold.

"You failed to kill Midas, so this will have to do. You will kill Kaiser, then I will return Aster to you, and you will both leave the city and never return," Coil ordered, her heart beating faster than ever before.

Would she really do it? Kill Kaiser to save Aster? Without a moment of hesitation, they both knew it.

"Okay," Kayden replied, degraded and subdued. He had her, and he knew it.

"Good girl. However, you aren't done apologising for your mistakes yet. Bend over the desk and lower your trousers."

His words made her shudder, but with robotic movements, she moved over to the desk and bent over, her ass sticking out towards her tormentor as she slowly peeled her jeans down.

With a single yank, he ripped her plain white panties down and moved behind her. He forced her legs apart, his disgusting cock pressing against her slit before he simply thrust in and filled depths that had never been touched by a man before.

He was bigger than Max, and it was apparent as he started to thrust, gripping her hips roughly, and he pounded her against his desk, unwanted pleasure mixing with the shame and degradation of her abuse.

— Hours Later —

In Coil's bed, she gripped the sheets as she came again. She didn't want to, but the unrelenting assault on her body was too much for her to take.

He thrust forwards, sheathing himself inside her as he let his seed flood her womb. She was too tired to complain at this point, having taken several loads already.

She just shuddered at the feeling of fullness, gasping in unwanted pleasure as he finished depositing his load into her waiting body.

Finally pulling out of her, Coil looked over at her as she panted from the exertion, well-fucked with his semen on her face and tits.

"A-are you done, now? Haven't I apologised enough?" Kayden asked tiredly, angry and humiliated at how many times she'd cum from his abuse of her body.

"Assuming you succeed in your mission, yes I suppose we can call things even," Coil finally said, no doubt smirking under his mask. "You know your role, but as you've proven too incompetent to be trusted with the specifics, I will take point in this operation. I will tell you when to strike."

She just stared at him hatefully, even as she nodded slightly. If Kaiser had to die to protect Aster, so be it.

She couldn't deny she'd considered it; as long as he was alive, he'd be able to threaten to take Aster away, and now the choice was out of her hands. She would kill him and be free of this fucking city.

— Jin Yukimura (Coil) —

Leaving Kayden to seethe, I smile to myself under Coil's mask. I never planned to keep Coil around long-term, but I'm going to get the most value out of him while I can.

As Midas, I have rules I must obey to keep my image as the benevolent godfather, but as Coil, I can break them as much as I want.

He'll be a useful tool in dealing with the Empire.

Now, to set up Kaiser's assassination… so I can stop it as Midas. All according to plan.

Author's Note: Jin returns, and lots of people get fucked. Sometimes literally, sometimes metaphorically.

Sometimes both, but do Nazis deserve mercy just because they're mothers?


I am entirely motivated by praise and interaction, so leave a review, and I'll probably write faster.

I have a patreo n, where my supporters can vote on which fics get bonus chapters each cycle and have access to advance chapters, up to five chapters ahead of the public release at the moment. Feel free to check it out.

Current Advance Chapters
Basic: Warlord Ch12
Gold Tier: Tinker Ch10, High Roller Ch04
Platinum Tier: Cursed Ch02 High Roller Ch05, Cursed Ch01

Link: https://www.patreon.com/thedarkwolfshiro/

I have a Discord server with a bunch of other authors and a load of porn. So much porn.

Here's the link for that: discord.gg/DarkWolfShiro

If it says it's expired, it is probably your account being unable to join NSFW servers, and you'll need to fix that. If you fix that and it still says it's expired, add me (DarkWolfShiro), and I'll invite you myself.



"Sanity and happiness are an impossible combination."
― Mark Twain

​
My Discord, come here for porn and also sometimes fics: https://discord.gg/wd3tUYWVCd

My Patreon, I promise to spend any money given to me irresponsibly: https://www.patreon.com/TheDarkWolfShiro​
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Retr0, Torlok, gartf and 1,216 others
The Dark Wolf Shiro
Mar 9, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 25: The Pure
View content
The Dark Wolf Shiro
The Dark Wolf Shiro
Everyone Hail to the Pumpkin King
JoinedApr 1, 2019
Messages9,336
Likes received960,957
Apr 21, 2024
Add bookmark
#4,399
Disclaimer: I own nothing but my original characters and works; all other characters and worlds belong to their respective owners. I'm just playing with them.
Betad by Malcolm Tent, Priapus, Old man of the mountain, Marethyu, Mike God of Lore, Beans

The Guild of Gamers: The Supervillain
Chapter 25: The Pure
– Kayden Anders (Purity) –

With her arms tied to the headboard, she glared as Coil entered the room. Her last few days had been torturous, with Coil taking pleasure in punishing her for her failure to kill Midas. She genuinely feared she was pregnant again, given his refusal to pull out of her when he was taking his pleasure from her body.

She could free herself, of course, but as long as he had Aster, she was helpless against him. He knew it as well, taking pride in her compliance.

"Ah, so welcoming, Mrs Anders," Coil taunted, intensifying her glare. "But that's not why I'm here today."

"...it's time, then?" Kayden realised, making him nod.

"Kaiser is going to be giving a speech to his men today. He does like to talk. You will kill him while he is blustering to his yes-men," Coil explained. The twins would be with him; they always were when Max delivered one of his speeches.

She might not be able to hold back enough to stop herself from killing them as well if she wanted to be sure. She actually liked the twins, even if they were her ex-husband's mistresses, but for Aster, she'd kill them both without batting an eye.

"And then I'm free to go? With Aster?" Kayden asked, making Coil nod easily.

"Go and leave this city. Never to return because you are no longer welcome in my territory," Coil warned, but she already planned to get far from here. Not that she could stay after she killed Max. She'd be public enemy number one, with the Empire hunting her down.

She'd have to drop her Purity persona entirely and hope the Empire were too badly wounded to chase her as Kayden. The Unwritten Rules wouldn't protect her from them, not after she killed Max.

"Fine. Untie me then; I can't attack Kaiser tied to a bed," Kayden spat, making him chuckle, running his hand up her leg as she shuddered in anger and disgust.

"Too true, but Kaiser's speech isn't for a few hours yet, and I have to admit I might even miss you when our business is concluded," Coil said, the smirk obvious in his voice even with his face covered.

Untying her, she rubbed her wrists with a glare, the rope-burns stinging.

"Get on your hands and knees; we have time to kill before it is time to kill," Coil said, making her roll her eyes at his self-satisfaction, even as she obeyed. "Good girl."

Gripping the sheets, she reminded herself that she was almost free. Just a few more hours until she could be reunited with her daughter. If Coil tried anything, she'd expose his actions, the kidnapping and blackmail; the Unwritten Rules only protected those who followed them, after all. Hookwolf and Lung might get away with breaking them, but Coil's secrecy and goons wouldn't be enough to save him.

Biting down on the sheets as her face was pushed into them, she grunted from his thrusting into her again, rage and hatred filling her. Once Aster was safe, she might just come back and kill Coil herself.

But for now, she had to obey.

– Max Anders (Kaiser) –

The loss of Hookwolf and their failure to drive Poison Ivy out of their territory was the start of their issues, but hardly the end. Midas' meteoric rise gave them another serious rival instead of the trash that was the Merchants. The formation of the League meant there were some serious Capes just hanging around, ready to be called on by Midas if they actually pushed into his rapidly improving territory.

The defeat of Lung was a good thing, but even with having his power changed by Prophet, he had managed to drive them away from his territory. Lung now grew much faster to rival the strongest threat, which was unfortunately him. It capped his growth, but Lung had still managed to drive him away when they'd tried to capitalise on the ABB's defeat at the hands of Prophet and the Birds of Prey.

They hadn't had any real wins since Midas had arrived, and it was hurting morale to the point that Purity's attack on Syndicate territory had caused some deserters. People feared Midas was going to attack them in return and didn't believe that the Empire could prevail. Even his capes were worried, because his moles in the PRT had found out just what Prophet's power was.

If Prophet could weaken powers like he had with Lung, then so could his brother. His capes were worried that a single touch from Midas would ruin their power, while Syndicate capes were only growing stronger.

In truth, he shared that fear. His attempts to get in contact with Midas had failed. Midas had gone to ground after Purity's attempt on his life; no one knew what Midas was planning, and it genuinely scared him. Of course, he couldn't get into contact with Kayden either, which was equally worrying. What was she playing at? This wasn't like her; someone was pulling her strings.

But he couldn't show his fear, as he gave a speech he didn't believe about the Empire's superiority. He didn't like exposing himself like this, but he needed to show face to the men.

His true power had always been his skill with words; it was what had gotten him where he was today. Continuing his speech, he froze as he saw a bright light approaching from up high.

They all looked up, his blood running cold as Purity stared down at him, her features hidden but her posture aggressive. The strongest blaster in the Bay powered up as he went to call out to her, making his heart pound as he watched her unleash an attack without a word.

Directly at him.

His mind raced, but Purity had not held back as she unleashed her blast at full power. Time almost seemed to move in slow motion as he watched the beam of death approach. He couldn't get out of the blast, the Twins couldn't withstand the attack, and his power couldn't protect him.

He let out a strangled shout, but to his shock and utter relief, he watched a violet barrier form in the air. Purity's blast struck it, causing an explosion in mid-air; Purity was clearly surprised as she looked around for who had saved him.

He did the same; that wasn't one of his capes. His eyes locked on the woman in a black and pink revealing outfit floating in the air, hand extended. Star Sapphire?

A League member had saved him?!
The surprises continued as a second figure crashed into Purity, his eyes wide as he watched Blackfire engage Purity in a brutal battle. Blackfire was one of the strongest Blasters around, something she'd proven when Lung had tried to forcibly recruit her, and right now, she was engaged in a vicious aerial battle with Purity.

Star Sapphire stayed out of it, her purpose clear as Purity made a second desperate attack against him, Star Sapphire immediately blocking it again.

His men scattered, knowing that a single stray shot could kill dozens of them, and he knew he had to do the same.

Because today wasn't surprising enough, an armoured car drove onto the scene, the door opening.

"Oi, get in," someone shouted. After sharing a look with the Twins, they nodded, and all three scrambled for the car. Getting in, the doors closed, and he looked towards his saviour.

"Squealer?" Kaiser asked, making her shake her head.

"Not anymore; I go by Overdrive now," Overdrive replied, looking up at the fighting blasters before she put her foot down and started driving, swerving as Purity tried to simply fly down and attack them up close.

Blackfire struck her again, but as they turned a corner and Overdrive pressed something on her console, the car seemed to shimmer, and Purity threw a desperate blast at them that missed by a mile.

Huh, so that was what Squealer's cloaking tech looked like from the other side.

"Where are you taking us?" Fenja asked, making Overdrive snort.

"Away from the crazy fucking Blasters, this baby is armoured, but we could take maybe one hit from those overpowered bastards," Overdrive scoffed. "After we get away? You've got a meeting; the Boss wants to see you."

Midas.

His saviour. Midas had arranged for him to be protected from Purity's attack. He was missing something, and it was driving him mad, but he didn't show it.

Giving the twins a look, he straightened up as they left the danger.

"To the Oriental, then?" Kaiser guessed, making their driver nod easily.

"The Boss is waiting for you," Overdrive agreed. He hated dealing with anyone from a weaker position, but it was unavoidable. Midas had saved his life and now had him by the balls.

Settling in for the smooth drive, his mind raced as he planned out how to go about this meeting.

– Kayden Anders (Purity) –

No, no, no, no, no.

She'd failed again. These bitches had interfered, and Max had survived, out of her sight in one of Squealer's cars. What would happen to Aster once Coil heard about this?!

Violet chains formed around her, giving the flying brick a chance to punch her directly in the face, Blackfire laying the beatdown on her as Purity desperately blasted her away.

Breaking the chains, she let out a frustrated growl. Why could nothing go her way? The pair circled her, both powerful capes in their own right, but as something struck her neck, she gasped.

The pair just smirked as her vision blurred, her hand swiping at the tiny needle she had been shot with. Looking around desperately, she spotted a figure in black and orange putting his rifle back on his back, a single eye watching her as she started to fall, someone catching her before she could hit the ground.

– Max Anders (Kaiser) –

Being led into the luxurious meeting room, he spotted Midas looking out of the window at the city, a glass in his hand.

"You know, this isn't how I pictured our first meeting, Kaiser," Midas admitted, sipping his drink as he gestured for them to sit. He didn't, choosing to remain standing. "Would you care for a drink?"

"I have to say the same; it's a pleasure to see Brockton Bay's rising star in the flesh, Midas," Kaiser said imperiously, walking towards him. The twins flanked him, but Midas was alone. "And I will pass, but thank you for the offer."

He didn't seem to find that fact worrying, a small smile on his face.

"Allow me to be blunt. You saved my life despite us being enemies; why?" Kaiser asked, deciding that bluntness was his best course of action against a social thinker.

"Isn't it obvious? Sometimes I forget that others don't see the big picture," Midas said, lips twitching. "Do you know why I prioritised securing and reinforcing my territory once I took down the Merchants? We both know I could have gone on the offensive, pushing into your territory while I had the element of surprise."

"To stop the Empire or ABB from moving in," Kaiser replied, making him chuckle.

"I'm afraid not; neither of you were in a position to make a move and couldn't expose your flanks to the other," Midas replied. "I did it to stop anyone else from moving in, seeing weakness. Nature abhors a vacuum, and so does the criminal underworld; if there were any opening, another gang would have taken it. I didn't fear you. I feared the Teeth or some other organisation would use my moves as an opening to try and take a chunk of Brockton for themselves. I could deal with it, of course, but it would be a frustrating setback."

"My death would do the same," Kaiser realised, making him smile.

"Now you're getting it. Who would take your place? Krieg, perhaps, but that would be the equivalent of just handing the entire gang to the Gesellschaft, Victor? No, he's a good right-hand man, but not a leader. Hookwolf is busy being Ivy's pet dog, and with no strong leadership, the Empire would fall to pieces," Midas stated, making him nod. He wasn't wrong; he had no true successor. "Lung would attack, of course, but the mayhem would invite all sorts of opportunistic vultures hoping to take your place. The Teeth, foreign gangs hoping to use Brockton as a staging ground, it would be utter pandemonium, and I detest chaos. You are my rival, one of them anyway, but make no mistake. You're more useful to me alive."

"How did you know Kaiser was in danger?" Menja asked, getting Midas' attention.

"Because I'm a very talented man. After Purity levelled one of my bases and killed one of my body doubles, I got to work. Unravelling this mystery barely took me an hour," Midas replied with a scoff. "Coil does have an overly high opinion of himself, doesn't he?"

And there it was, the one who profited from a war between the Syndicate and Empire. Coil liked to pretend he was small-time, but this had him all over it.

"Why would Purity work for Coil?" Fenja asked; they both served well by asking the questions he didn't want to admit he needed to ask.

"Because Coil kidnapped Aster, but I imagine you already worked that out, Max?" Midas asked, his blood freezing.

"I suspected. Only Aster would be enough to make her act like this, and both have been missing for a while. At first, I thought she'd just fled the city," Kaiser admitted, giving him a stern look. "Should I ask how you know my name?"

"I learnt your name the same way I learnt every Empire cape's name. You may have heard, but I recruited the Undersiders. They secretly worked for Coil before, Tattletale in particular doing so under duress. He made her use her powers to learn your identities, something she informed me of when I stole her from him," Midas explained, Kaiser's fists clenching.

Coil had been planning this for a long time.

"Fear not, I have great respect for the Unwritten Rules," Midas said, reaching up and taking off his mask. "My brother has made my identity something of an open secret, but I will keep your civilian names secret and have no desire to weaponise them. I have standards after all."

"Wait, Prophet broke the Unwritten Rules?" Menja asked, making him shake his head.

"He told people that we were twins, then exposed his own identity. Technically, he has not done anything wrong, as there is no rule against exposing his own identity. He always did think he was clever," Midas scoffed. "As the heroes will learn in time, Jin is a backstabbing little shit. I almost pity those putting their trust in him."

"If he tries anything with us-" Menja started, but he cut her off.

"Prophet will learn the consequences of his actions, but he will learn them from me. I will deal with my brother with my own hand. Harm him, and you'll wish Coil had succeeded in killing you," Midas warned, a dark look crossing his face.

"Family will always be a soft spot, even for people in our positions," Kaiser agreed, making Midas snort.

"Jin is a little shit, who is only playing at being a hero because he is obsessed with beating me, but he is still my brother. If he targets the Empire, feel free to bloody his nose a little, but if he dies or is grievously wounded by the Empire, it will be war," Midas said, waving his hand. "But the copycat isn't the cause of our meeting, is he?"

"Why would Coil think this is a smart plan, surely he realises he is just handing the ABB the city?" Kaiser asked, making Midas shake his head.

"Before, perhaps. But Lung's changed power means the best counter for him would be a well-trained squad of mercenaries armed with Tinkertech weapons; he will only grow a limited amount when there are no capes around. Coil believes his men can take down the dragon now, and he no doubt thinks he can drive off any other attackers. Given his own breaches of the unwritten rules, I feel no guilt in telling you that he is Thomas Calvert, former PRT special forces and now a consultant. He's been using his position to utterly compromise the local PRT and would have manipulated them into driving away threats," Midas answered, making him frown deeply. "I suspect he intended to use the chaos to have Piggot replaced, worming his way into the seat himself with his blackmail and connections, then he'd control the heroes as the Director and the villains as Coil. An admittedly intelligent plan, but he executed it poorly. My resistance to Thinker powers caused him to falter and misstep."

"He must die for this," Kaiser said, pausing as Midas held up a hand.

"Just a moment, our final guest has arrived," Midas said, the door opening and Kayden being pushed in with Blackfire behind her.

"Hello, Mrs Anders. Oh, stop that. Do you really think I'd be standing here if there was a chance you could actually kill me? Not that Coil ever planned to return Aster to you," Midas scoffed, making Kayden's eyes widen as she paled. "Be a good girl and behave; you've caused more than enough trouble as it is. That will be all, Blackfire, thank you."

"Got it. This was fun," Blackfire said with a sultry smirk. "I'll be in the bar. You still have to pay up."

Of course, Coil wouldn't let one of the strongest blasters in America leave; anyone with a brain could tell that.

"You-" Kayden started before she slummed forwards. "I had to! He was threatening to kill Aster."

"Oh, I know. Of course, the moment he didn't need you anymore, he'd have had you killed. He'd not leave such a powerful blaster alive when they had such a grudge against him," Midas agreed.

"I- what's going to happen to Aster? I failed twice," Kayden said, her tone despondent.

"Nothing, Aster will be fine," Midas replied, making her look up. "Coil won't kill her because she serves as a shield against you. Between Aster and him knowing your identities, the Empire has no real capability to go on the offensive, but I have no such weakness."

"You're going to save Aster. Why?" Fenja asked, making Midas smile. "And how?"

"Because you'll owe me for it, naturally. You are correct, Kaiser. Coil needs to die for this; the Unwritten rules only protect those who follow them. His protection has been, by his own hand, revoked," Midas agreed, making him nod. "He is a threat, a snake in the grass, waiting to strike again if left to slink away. I plan to deal with him before he can inconvenience me again. As for how? The moment Kayden here turned my favourite decoy base into a crater, I got to work planning my revenge. I know where Coil is hiding; my little defector was able to work out where he is holding Aster. I planned to liberate her as it was; having Purity blowing up my bases was mildly aggravating after all, and removing his leverage would fix that."

"What do you want for it?" Kaiser asked, making Midas chuckle.

"I'm glad we understand each other, but don't look so grim. I have an offer for you, one that benefits you as much as it does me," Midas replied, clicking his fingers as the table in the middle of the room lit up with a map of Brockton Bay.

The different gang turf was clearly outlined, and Midas gestured, making part of the Empire territory on the edge of Syndicate turf highlighted. He couldn't remember anything noteworthy in that part of his territory beyond the Botanical Gardens that Ivy had claimed as her domain.

"I want this territory, but in exchange, I will negotiate with Poison Ivy for the release of Hookwolf on some conditions," Midas explained, making him raise an eyebrow. "Starting with you agreeing not to pursue vengeance against Ivy. You did start it, after all."

"Name them," Kaiser stated; getting Brad back would be a godsend, but he didn't show it.

If Ivy wasn't in his territory and didn't have Hookwolf, he'd be happy to wash his hands clean of her. She had too much protection through the League to be worth trying to forcibly recruit.

"Firstly, an end to the dog fights, with the dogs being handed over to my men," Midas said, making Kaiser raise an eyebrow. "I dislike pointless animal abuse, and this will secure Bitch's loyalty to me. Hookwolf's pit fights can stay, but the animal fights stop."

"Ah, the former Undersider? I remember Hookwolf complaining about her. Done," Kaiser agreed. "They aren't profitable enough to be worth it, and they're a stain on our reputation anyway. What else?"

Stopping the dog fights was nothing, aside from listening to Brad whine. They were just a monument to his cruelty and certainly weren't worth a fight with the empowered Bitch.

"Rein him in. Hookwolf is a brute; I won't tolerate his wanton murder in my city. If you cannot keep him under control, I will place a bounty on his head to the League. We both know he's close to being Birdcaged for his crimes," Midas ordered, causing him to frown for just a moment.

"Done, I've allowed him too much slack of late and look where it got him," Kaiser agreed. If Brad couldn't shape up, he could always trade Hookwolf to the Gesellschaft for a new tamed cape; they'd train Hookwolf like they did Night and Fog. "What else?"

"Finally, a one-year non-aggression pact between the Empire and Syndicate. You stay in your territory, and I will stay in mine," Midas offered, making him nod. That was all he wanted?

"There's something you aren't telling me," Kaiser said, making Midas chuckle.

"As it happens, I have another offer for you. Two, actually. Coil is an inconvenience, but now that he has been pulled into the light, he won't survive for long. We both know he isn't the main issue we face," Midas said, causing him to narrow his eyes.

"The ABB," Kaiser said, getting a nod from Midas.

"Do you know why we are having this conversation?" Midas asked, not waiting for an answer. "It's because you don't actually believe all the tripe you spew at your men. We're not so different, Kaiser; we have standards. Lung does not. He is a brute who rules through fear, and his gang are a blight on the city."

Midas scowled as he looked out over the city once more.

"We all sell sex, but where you and I have brothels, the ABB has sexual slavery. Just one example of the ABB's depravity. They have no class, no structure; they're more like dozens of barely controlled gangs doing whatever they want as long as they give the dragon his cut," Midas scoffed. "We are stuck in this three-way stalemate because if the Syndicate attacks them, the Empire will exploit the opening. If the Empire attacks them, I will exploit that weakness. What I am offering is an alliance to change the face of Brockton Bay once Coil is dealt with and Aster is returned home," Midas explained, making Kaiser straighten up. "We can avoid leaving an opening for any other gang to move in. We can decide right here and now which gang will take which part of the ABB territory, claiming it the moment the ABB have been dealt with. We can strike hard and fast, leaving the PRT and other gangs no opportunity to take advantage of our distraction. After that, we'll have our one year of peace to solidify our control over our new territory."

A city with no Lung?

"And after that year?" Kaiser asked, making Midas smirk.

"May the best gang win," Midas simply replied, toasting him with his drink. Midas wasn't pretending that they were allies; they were still rivals.

Looking over the map, his mind raced a mile a minute as he considered the offer. How would the power balance change when there were only three factions in the city? The Empire, the Syndicate and the PRT.

Well, and the allegedly-neutral League.

"You should know, the Brockton Bay Protectorate has more heroes headed this way. The League has made them nervous; I make them nervous. I do believe this may be our best chance before the good guys have more firepower," Midas claimed, making him hum.

After driving out the ABB, morale would be at an all-time high. He would be able to get more reinforcements from the Herren Clan and the Gesellschaft, and he'd have a full year to build up for a potential war with the Syndicate. The PRT would truly struggle if the two major villain factions had a peace treaty for a year; they didn't have the firepower to handle the complete focus of both the Syndicate and Empire, even with reinforcements. No other gang would be able to form or move in, not when they'd get immediate attention from both major powers.

But Midas would continue powering up his capes for the entire year, which was the major threat. How strong would his capes be by the end of the year? Midas himself had to be some kind of Trump with the variety of powers shown.

"I want access to the League. You claim it is neutral, and the League does business with other gangs," Kaiser demanded, raising Midas's eyebrows.

"You already have access; you simply never utilised it. The Oriental is neutral ground for all villains; simply send someone, and our services are open to you, for a price, naturally," Midas replied easily. "We are focused on independent villains, true, but the League does not turn down clients who have not earned our ire."

Somehow, he didn't believe that the League services had been available to the Empire before, but he had no way of disproving it either.

"You said you had two offers?" Kaiser said, buying time to consider the massive offer in front of him.

"A smaller one, I would like to buy the services of one of your capes," Midas said, getting his attention. "Specifically, I'd like to hire Rune."

Rune was useful for transport, but she wasn't that powerful.

"May I ask what for?" Kaiser asked, watching as Midas grinned in response.

"I take it you heard of Armsmaster's new rival?" Midas asked, making him snort.

"Imp, was it?" Kaiser asked, getting a nod.

"Imp is the leader of the Imps, a new gang of delinquent teenagers I am sponsoring. Their entire purpose is simple: to waste PRT resources and tie up the Wards. The PRT Ward program is a worrying one; they actually fight Villains, unlike in other cities, and they have some heavy hitters. Vista, Incrediboy, the newly debuted Weaver, not to mention their attempts to recruit Starfire. I intend to make sure those powerful capes are stuck dealing with juvenile crimes," Midas explained, and Kaiser could see the value.

He wasn't wrong; the Brockton Bay wards were far more experienced than any other Ward team, and they had some very powerful members. Taking them off the board would only help.

"And you want Rune for this team?" Kaiser asked. Midas nodded, smiling slightly.

"I want to keep the 'teenage' villains in one place, only doing juvenile crimes and mostly staying out of danger. It will serve as a powerful PR weapon when our youths are spray-painting graffiti and joy-riding while the PRT sends theirs into actual battle. I'm working on getting the Youth Guard to limit what crimes the Wards can respond to, but this would help considerably. Rune is the only other clearly teenage cape, though Othala is close. The ABB has some, but they will be dealt with soon enough, one way or another," Midas explained. "My offer is this: I want Rune to join the Imps for a year. Specifically, until the end of our peace agreement, in exchange, I will empower her as often as I can while she is with them, and I will empower one Empire cape of your choice when she joins, another six months in and one final one when she leaves."

So he wouldn't lose Rune's services for the inevitable fight with the Syndicate, though he suspected Midas planned to try and turn Rune during the year. He doubted that a Herren Clan member would be so eager to switch sides, but it wasn't impossible.

Three upgrades for the Empire and several upgrades for Rune herself. As long as he could ensure she didn't switch sides, that would be a major boon to the Empire for very little.

"I can agree to that; embarrassing our noble heroes is always a worthy goal," Kaiser agreed. He had ways to make sure Tammi didn't forget her true loyalties. "As for your other offer, I believe we can work together, but I won't agree to anything until Aster has been returned to me."

"Naturally, I already have people on the task. Coil will pay for his actions, that I can promise you," Midas promised, smiling at him as he offered his hand.

Kaiser took it, the two true crime lords of Brockton Bay shaking hands.

– Jin Yukimura (Coil) –

Inheriting Coil's empire, small as it is, has some downsides. I've already absorbed all his moles, backdoors, and blackmail material into my intel network; his mercenaries have been relocated out of the city and replaced with my own men.

But some of the mess he had on his hands isn't easily dealt with, starting with the two drug-addled pre-teen girls in his basement. Firstly, Eri. She's a child capable of rewinding people to an earlier state. Coil had plans to use her to make bullets capable of rewinding people to their pre-triggered state for annoying capes that would be problematic to just kill. Eri is probably around seven or eight; Coil stole her from a small Yakuza faction and eliminated everyone who knew about her power.

And Dinah, a powerful pre-cog who can predict the probability of anything. I can see why Coil took the risks in capturing her. She's eleven, and also the niece of the Mayor of Brockton Bay. I heard she'd been killed in a freak accident; Coil faked her death to kidnap her.

Both are heavily addicted to a drug Coil's 'doctor' prepares. I learnt the recipe and had him killed, obviously. This leaves me with two traumatised little girls who are completely addicted to their… candy.

I am not a good man; I rather enjoy my villainy, but part of me wishes I had given Coil a slower death. A bullet to the head was too good for him. Perhaps it is hypocritical given that I had Aster kidnapped, but Aster is utterly unharmed and will remain so. I don't hurt babies; I do have some standards.

I dislike children; I find them unpredictable and irritating. Teenagers are the youngest I can deal with; Aisha is on the very brink of what I am willing to put up with. I can deal with brats, but actual children? They are my bane, my kryptonite. They don't follow even the most rudimentary logic; I'd rather try and train a chimpanzee to be my accountant than spend a single day with an actual child.

They have to go, which gives me an opportunity. Dinah is powerful, but I dislike precogs, and my immunity to her makes her safe to release. Her family (and powerful uncle) will be overjoyed to know she lives and grateful for her return.

Eri is equally powerful and has no family to return to. I'm tempted to keep her, but I have Power Guru for dealing with annoying powers, and I don't want to deal with a child. So, how to get rid of them?

I think it's time for Midas and Prophet to have a reluctant collaboration, the two brothers putting aside their differences to deal with a larger threat. It will help demonstrate the differences between other villains and the benevolent tyrant, King Midas.

Handing them over to the Wards won't be a problem, given that I'm already hard at work trivialising the Wards. Not to mention my plans for Prophet to continue making the PRT more and more reliant on him. I'm simply handing over the mess of having to actually deal with children to the PRT while still having access to their powers.

Then there's the second mess Coil has left in my hands. He has acquired the services of a group called the Travelers to replace the Undersiders, which would be good if not for one thing.

They have a fucking nightmare of a cape that Coil was promising to 'find a fix for'. This Noelle is a catastrophe waiting to happen, and I doubt Coil had a plan to actually fix her, beyond me, that is. Power Guru might work, but I'm not sure I want to get within arm's reach of her. The other possibility is that Coil thought Eri would be able to help, but his power removing plans were basically nothing but theory at the moment and I don't want to put Eri near that thing..

They're travelling to the Bay, bringing their nightmare into my city. What a mess Coil has dropped into my hands. I'm half tempted to arrange for them to be blown up before they get here so I don't have to deal with them.

Genesis and Sundancer are interesting and powerful, Trickster seems like a prick, Ballistic has an interesting power, and Perdition is irrelevant. Noelle is the big problem, an S-class threat waiting to happen, making Nilbog seem cuddly.

Still, I wouldn't be me if I didn't see the potential. Trickster, I have spoken to exactly once and have already decided to kill. The rest have potential as long as I can deal with Noelle.

Humming, I get to work. I have a lot to do.

– Jin Yukimura (Midas) –

In truth, I've been neglecting my System a little. I have just been too busy preparing for the gang war to focus on 'levelling up', but that was short-sighted of me.

I'm not too proud that I can't admit when I have made a mistake; without accepting your errors you'll never grow after all.

Fortunately, having multiple bodies made the next quest I accepted all too easy. During this entire mess with Kaiser, I levelled my Schemer class twice.

[The Roads to be Travelled] - Thinker
By studying someone, you can accurately predict where they will be for the next day. Using a map, you can see the path they will take, knowing roughly where they will be at any time for the next twenty-four hours after you study them.

I shouldn't need to say this, but this power is useful. I have already made several new plans that can incorporate the ability to know where my target will be at any time in the next day. Isolating my prey will be far easier with this.

[Planting Seeds] - Thinker
You can choose two targets and plant a seed of emotion between them. This can be one-sided or mutual. For instance, you could plant a seed of irritation in someone, which makes everything the other target does seem just that little more aggravating, growing worse over time.

But this? I have to be careful not to trigger Master/Stranger Protocols, but this has some very interesting potential. It's subtle and slow to have any real effect, but with the right application, it could do wonders for me.

Finally, I chose Terrorist Leader as my next Class. Honestly, given my PMCs, agents worldwide, and other assets, it wasn't even difficult to finish the quest within the hour. I truly did put this off too long.

[Weakness Analysis] - Thinker
By studying any structure, you can locate the most efficient way to destroy it, learning all weak points, escape routes and other noteworthy features.

[Remote Spontaneous Combustion] - Striker
By placing your hand on anything, you can leave a hand-print that only you can see. You can sense all the handprints you have placed and have the ability to detonate them remotely. These prints explode with the force of a block of C4.

[Extreme Methods] - Perk
To enact great change, one must be willing to do great and terrible things. Your followers will rationalise your actions, becoming more accepting of the more morally dubious actions you take.

Finally, I have taken the quest to upgrade my Warlord class. It is not difficult, and I simply need to expand my territory and defeat my rivals. Something I am working on. I should finish it once the ABB has been dealt with, something I plan to do sooner rather than later, regardless of whether Kaiser plays along.

The fact is, Kaiser isn't going to last the year he thinks I'm giving him. Midas will obey that non-aggression pact, but unfortunately for him, Prophet didn't agree to it. Neither did any other identities I happen to make up in the future. As I said, Jin is a backstabbing little shit.

It's my finest trait.

— Bonus Scene — Paige Mcabee (Canary)

The days since she was busted out had been enjoyable; the expensive penthouse with room service was very nice, but she always knew she'd have to pay the piper eventually.

As Midas walked in, she hid her nerves. He had saved her, but she was highly doubtful that he did it out of the kindness of his heart. She knew he owned her now, more than her old record label ever had.

"I see you've been settling in, Miss Mcabee. I take it this place has been to your liking?" King Midas asked, making her nod hesitantly.

"It is. I take it that it's time for me to start… paying my rent?" Paige asked, arms crossed. She was too jaded to think that he wasn't going to use her for all she was worth.

"In a way," Midas agreed, giving her a smile as he approached. "Hold out your arm."

Pausing, she obeyed as he placed his hand on her wrist. She felt something inside of her change, making him smile.

"I have made a minor modification to your power. Simply put, I've given you an off switch, and more importantly I've added a visual indicator when your power is in effect. Both were requirements for me to get this," Midas explained, handing over a piece of formal-looking paper.

Reading it, her eyes widened at the complete pardon with her name on it.

"Why are you doing this? I'm not naive; you're a villain; you aren't helping me because you're nice," Paige challenged, making him smile. "What do you want? Gonna replace their birdcage with your own?"

"Do you want to know the real reason I had you rescued?" Midas asked, making her nod. "To embarrass the PRT and deal them a black eye for both failing to stop me and for their over-the-top response to your situation, turning your fans against them. Of course, it also spreads the word that Masters are welcome in the League, which is a side benefit that has already paid off. In truth, you may be decently talented, but you aren't that interesting."

For some reason, she believed him. It would explain why she'd just been left alone since her break-out.

"So, what happens now?" Paige asked.

"That is up to you. You may leave if you so desire. Your freedom serves as a good PR win for me, or you can stay because I have an offer for you," Midas explained, making her straighten up. "I am starting my push into the entertainment business, and as such, I would like to sign you up at my new record label. I assure you, it is entirely above board beyond being linked to my Syndicate. Work with me, and I can promise you wealth and renown in equal measure."

She hesitated for a moment before a simple truth struck her. No label was going to sign someone as controversial as her, and he knew it. She owed him for busting her out, and people would assume she was connected to him either way.

"Do I have to wear gold?" Paige asked, making his lips twitch.

"Would it be a large change from your usual yellow?" Midas asked as she tilted her head in acknowledgement. "But no, not if you don't want to. I prefer to give my talents the freedom to make their own decisions while using my talents to ensure they don't go too far astray."

"...fuck it, why not?" Paige finally said, making him smile widely.

"Excellent, welcome to the team, Miss Mcabee," Midas said. She felt like she was selling her soul to the devil, but with Cauldron and then the Record Labels, that was just another day in the life of a star.

He'd saved her from the Birdcage, and for that, she'd do a lot more than be one of his talents. She owed him a large debt; it was nice that she could repay it with her music.

With how many hot female capes he surrounded himself with, she was convinced the only singing she'd be doing would be a very different kind, as she repaid him in an entirely different way.

Author's Note: Jin's a schemey schemer. Poor Kaiser, he's playing chess while Jin is playing Civilisations.

Malcolm's note: I like how Canary thinks, and I look forward to seeing Jin make her sing.

Priapus' note, shamelessly stolen from Shori: Coming next chapter: Jin teams up with Jin to take down Jin!

Old man's note: Next time on 'The Supervillain'!

Beans' note: Honestly if you take a look at Jin's plans, it's just the meme of the three Spider-men pointing at each other


I am entirely motivated by praise and interaction, so leave a review, and I'll probably write faster.

I have a patreo n, where my supporters can vote on which fics get bonus chapters each cycle and have access to advance chapters, up to ten chapters ahead of the public release. Feel free to check it out. I also set up a subscribesta r as well, more or less just as a backup/test to see which I prefer. The chapters are available on Discord if you're a patreo n, and on the site directly on subscribesta r due to the different site rules so if you don't use Discord, subscribesta r is the better choice.

The Advance Chapters
Basic Tier (Employee)
The Warlock, Ch06

Gold Tier (Manager)
The Gambler, Ch11
The Tamer, Ch11

Plat Tier (System)
The Game Master, Ch07
The Paladin (One-Off Snippet)
The Cursed, Ch03

Diamond Tier (Founder)
The Nightmare, Ch11
The Dragon, Ch03
The Planeswalker, Ch08
New Game Plus, Ch07


Links:
https://www.patreon.com/TheDarkWolfShiro
https://subscribestar.adult/the-dark-wolf-shiro

I have a Discord server with a bunch of other authors and a load of porn. So much porn.

Here's the link for that: discord .gg/DarkWolfShiro

If it says it's expired, it is probably your account being unable to join NSFW servers, and you'll need to fix that. If you fix that and it still says it's expired, add me (DarkWolfShiro), and I'll invite you myself.

"Sanity and happiness are an impossible combination."
― Mark Twain

​
My Discord, come here for porn and also sometimes fics: https://discord.gg/wd3tUYWVCd

My Patreon, I promise to spend any money given to me irresponsibly: https://www.patreon.com/TheDarkWolfShiro​
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Retr0, Torlok, gartf and 1,193 others
The Dark Wolf Shiro
Apr 21, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
1
2
  Next
Jump to new
Threadmarks
Extras
View content
8 more messages…
Heliel43



Write your reply...
Empty

 Post reply
 
More options
Share:
Reddit
Pinterest
Tumblr
WhatsApp
Email
Link
Similar threads
Night132
 [NSFW] My Hero Academia: A Lost Gamer (Includes Chaos Gacha)
Night132 Aug 20, 2026 Words: 5.4k chaos gacha disccusion makes author happy discuss i demand it
Replies25
Views3K
22 minutes ago
search
Ozlyk
 [NSFW] Strive (My Hero Academia / Boku No Hero Academia)
Ozlyk Jan 21, 2026 Words: 82k 1 2 action all for one all might
Replies38
Views12K
Aug 2, 2026
Ozlyk
Ozlyk
Kira Usagi
[NSFW] The Witch of Brockton (DC and Worm crossover)
Kira Usagi Jun 28, 2026 Words: 5.8k 1 2 crossover cyoa dc universe
Replies31
Views5K
Jul 18, 2026
Sevennamed
Sevennamed
YourLocalWildfire
 [NSFW] A Gamer's Flames of Ambition
YourLocalWildfire Jan 18, 2026 Words: 42k dc comics gamer life is strange
Replies26
Views9K
Aug 3, 2026
Yohnos
The Dark Wolf Shiro
[NSFW] The Guild of Gamers: The Dungeon Master
The Dark Wolf Shiro Dec 8, 2025 Words: 49k 1 2 3 4 for the emperor smut for the smut throne stargate sg-1
Replies101
Views53K
Jun 2, 2026
Readingcuzimbored
Readingcuzimbored
Forums NSFW NSFW Creative Writing 
Style chooser
Contact usTerms and rulesPrivacy policyHelpRSS
Community platform by XenForo® © 2010-2024 XenForo Ltd. Design by: Pixel Exit

Questionable Questing
 
Forums 
What's new 
Members 
Heliel43
New posts 
Watched 
New threadmarks 
Mark forums read
Forums NSFW NSFW Creative Writing 
[NSFW] The Guild of Gamers: The Supervillain
 Thread starterThe Dark Wolf Shiro  Start dateApr 20, 2021  Tagsboku no hero academia dc crossover gamer elements smut villain oc worm
Prev  
1
2
 
Jump to new
Ignore
Unwatch

Thread Tools
Threadmarks
Extras
View content
Threadmarks Chapter 26: A Meeting of Minds (and the PRT)
View content
The Dark Wolf Shiro
The Dark Wolf Shiro
Everyone Hail to the Pumpkin King
JoinedApr 1, 2019
Messages9,336
Likes received960,957
Jul 9, 2024
Add bookmark
#4,462
Disclaimer: I own nothing but my original characters and works; all other characters and worlds belong to their respective owners. I'm just playing with them.
Betad by Beans, Marethyu, Mike God of Lore, Malcolm Tent




The Guild of Gamers: The Supervillain
Chapter 25: A Meeting of Minds (and the PRT)

– Emily Piggot –

Watching as Prophet took his seat, Brandish and Lady Photon on either side of him, she frowned deeply. She was almost happy to have had him reach out for a meeting, almost.

Armsmaster and Renick sat beside her, but it wasn't Prophet who was getting their attention as Midas took his seat. Tattletale took her seat next to him, and on the other side, Jaina Hudson, the White Rabbit's master, sat. Both were dressed professionally, Tattletale having swapped her purple catsuit for a smart shirt, blazer and skirt. Jaina was dressed similarly.

"Thank you for agreeing to meet with me, Director. Prophet," Midas said, giving his brother an inscrutable look. The Bay's newest, and possibly most dangerous, villain gave them all a confident smile as she hid her glare.

"You said you had information on a massive breach of the Unwritten Rules," Emily stated, skipping the formalities. They had one of the biggest villains in the city, sitting in the Rig, and they couldn't touch him. Orders from up high made that clear after Midas had requested this meeting.

"Quite. Information that you will find most infuriating, given your history. Allow me to be blunt, as you seem eager to skip the formalities. Coil has kidnapped Kaiser's daughter and used her to blackmail Purity into trying to kill me, and then Kaiser himself as part of his attempts to take over the city," Midas explained, making Prophet hum in thought.

"So it was Coil? Figures, this was too subtle for Lung. Honestly, I was half-convinced it was you," Prophet said, somewhat accusingly.

"That's because you're blind, oh great Prophet. You assume that I'm responsible if your toast comes out burnt," Midas waved off.

Emily stayed silent, sharing a look with Armsmaster and Renick. Purity had attacked one of Midas' bases, and then attacked an Empire rally. It was highly out of character for her.

"Coil has the identities of all the Empire capes, and as such, the Empire is paralysed from acting against him. He learnt them through my Tattletale here, who he recruited at gunpoint," Midas continued, as Tattletale gave them a shameless shrug. "I have agreed to take down Coil for him and to retrieve Kaiser's child. The details of our temporary alliance are not for you."

"Which is all well and good, but why did you call a meeting with us?" Emily asked, making Midas smile innocently.

"Because Coil is one of you, and because your entire organisation is riddled with his moles," Midas explained calmly, smiling as she went still. "As he has blatantly broken the Unwritten Rules, repeatedly and without care, I have no reservations about exposing his own identity. Coil is Thomas Calvert, a former teammate of yours and now a PRT consultant, where he's used his position to get countless backdoors into your systems."

Emily froze, feeling her heart pounding as she clenched her fists.

"And you have proof of this? That's a dangerous accusation," Renick said, making Midas smile.

"Of course. Do you think I expected you to take my word for it? Since Coil attempted to have me killed, I've been tearing into his security systems, engaging in some cyberwarfare before I start the more physical war he has invited upon himself," Midas explained, Jaina passing over a large manilla folder and a USB.

She grabbed it, tearing it open. In it, Midas explained how Coil's power worked, clearly amused that his own power was interfering with Coil's precognitive powers. He showed how Coil's base had been built by Fortress Constructions, a company owned by Thomas Calvert, before the 'Endbringer Shelter' had been lost. The evidence was vast, with countless small details that all added up to paint a single devastating picture.

It also had an ungodly amount of evidence of corruption; people in her organisation that were being blackmailed or bribed by Coil. Backdoors into her systems that Calvert had installed in his position as a PRT security consultant.

"What are you up to? Don't try to feed me some bullshit about upholding the Unwritten Rules. You have never done anything without it benefiting you. Everything you do, you do for yourself," Prophet said, turning to his brother as rage burnt in her chest. "You're an egotistical asshole, you always have been."

"I call myself King Midas; of course I am egotistical. So what? I am the best thing that has ever happened to Brockton Bay, and I will save it from its endless decay, no matter who tries to get in my way," Midas scoffed, giving them a superior look. "I called this meeting for three main reasons, one of which I have delivered."
As he spoke, he gestured to the evidence he'd given them.

"Secondly, in my investigations into Coil, I discovered that he has some other hostages. Specifically, Dinah Alcott and a child simply named Eri. Both are capes, Dinah is a precog, and Eri has the power to turn back time and reset people to an earlier state. They are both drugged up in Coil's lair," Midas continued, making Armsmasters head snap up.

Dinah, that was the Mayor's niece. Triumph's cousin.

"To be blunt, I hate children. They are powerful, but I have no desire to babysit them; as such, I will be handing them over to you when I have rescued them. I can deal with their addictions to the designer drug Coil used to keep them obedient, but I imagine they will require therapy and other forms of care," Midas explained.

"You expect us to believe that you called this meeting because you were worried about some children?" Armsmaster asked, his anger clear. He was very much not over the string of humiliations Midas had dealt him.

"No, weren't you listening? It's one of three reasons, and frankly, the smallest. I thought I'd give you a fair warning before I dropped two heavily abused, powerful capes in your laps. Stop grinding your teeth, Armsmaster; it's embarrassing for an adult," Midas scolded, watching Armsmaster clutch his fists. "Honestly, Armsmaster, you shouldn't be so caustic with your betters. Know your place."

"My betters?" Armsmaster repeated. "You?!"

"Of course. I'm the better Tinker, as Imp demonstrated when she used my technology to shut you down so easily. I'm the better everything. In the short time I have been in Brockton Bay, I've done more to stabilise and save the city than all your years of 'hard' work, hero. You, Armsmaster, are nothing more than a stepping stone for better men. The measuring stick we use to show off our glory compared to you," Midas taunted, but Emily barely heard him as she tore through the folder, hoping, praying, she could find an error in his evidence. "Thank you for sacrificing your reputation to help boost mine so much."

"You're a megalomaniacal villain-" Armsmaster started, but Midas cut in.

"I am, and I'm still a better hero for the people than you ever will be. I am the future, and you are just a relic of the past, standing before the ever-grinding wheels of progress, ready to be crushed beneath them." Midas countered, smiling gently. "Or do you think your Endbringer detection system will save your failing career? Or maybe your precious nanothorns?"

That snapped her out of her shock, glaring at Midas, who smiled wryly.

"How do you-" Armsmaster started, but once more, Midas proved how much he loved the sound of his own voice.

"You did see the dossier I just gave you, slowing how many leaks your organisation has, yes? Regardless, it won't save your career for one simple reason. Do you want to know the reason your career stays so stagnant, no matter how much you do?" Midas asked, watching Armsmaster go silent. "Normally, I charge for this kind of consultation, but I'll give you this one for free. You work with Dragon too much."

"Dragon is one of the premier Tinkers-"

"And that is the problem. Dragon is amazing; nobody can deny that. Tell me, Armsmaster. If you worked with Kid Win on a project that got international renown, who would get the fame?" Midas asked, watching Armsmaster go silent. "You are the Kid Win to Dragon's Armsmaster. It isn't your Endbringer Detection System; it's Dragon's. People might occasionally remember you were there as well. Even if you personally used the nanothorns, the fame would go to the far more personable and famous Dragon for enabling it. You live in my shadow in the Brockton Bay scene, but you didn't notice because you're so used to her far larger shadow blocking out your sun."

Armsmaster didn't respond, going utterly silent as he glowered at the smug villain. Tattletale and White Rabbit both looked like they were enjoying the show, smirks on their faces as they watched their leader tear into Armsmaster.

"Ah, but we aren't here to talk about your failures…" Midas said before pausing. "Well, we are, but we're here to talk about the PRT's failure to notice the villain in their ranks, not Armsmaster's failing career."

"You said you had three things to discuss?" Renick said, ever the diplomat.

"I am going to kill Coil. This is not up for negotiation, it is happening regardless of what qualms you have about it. He has overstretched his reach, and now I have to cut off his hand," Midas said, his tone utterly casual. "I want the PRT and the other heroes to stay out of this entirely. You have failed enough, and your organisation is too thoroughly infiltrated for me to let you get involved. Allow me to be very blunt. I have hired several members of the League for a single purpose. If you attempt to get involved in the war the Syndicate and the Empire are about to wage upon Coil, they will put you down."

"Do you think you can stroll into the Rig, threaten us and just walk away?" Emily finally asked, utterly shocked at Midas' arrogance.

"Yes."

Tattletale burst into giggles at the blunt answer, before stifling them as she grinned widely.

"I want you to do something for me. Call Costa-Brown and tell her what I have demanded. When she tells you to go along with my plan, we can call this productive meeting to a close," Midas requested, a confident smile on his face. "The fact is, Emily, I am more important than you ever will be. You could call your capes to attack me, but then the League would fall upon the Rig, and you'd find the thin ice the heroes have been dancing upon breaking beneath you. I can promise you one thing, however… even if you called the entire Brockton Bay Protectorate to arrest me, I would still leave this place unharmed and with a smile on my face."

"You actually believe that," Prophet said, staring at his brother in what almost seemed like shock. "I know every power you have. I have them too, and you still think you could get away?"
"Of course I do, and no, you don't. You only think you do, my lesser half," Midas laughed darkly. "You are not my rival, Prophet. You're my annoying little brother who follows me around and throws a tantrum when I play a game and don't bother to invite you."

"Please, how many of your plans have I disrupted since I got here? I know you too well, Midas; I'm not as easy to get under the skin of as Armsy," Prophet scoffed.

"Yes, you've mildly inconvenienced me. In truth, I'm almost proud of you because you've managed more than everyone else has come close to, but there are easier ways to get my attention than by playing the hero. You lost the moment you decided you'd counter me by joining the side of the angels, bound by the rules and stuck dealing with their hypocrisy and incompetence," Midas taunted, deliberately looking towards Brandish, who seemingly froze in place. "But don't mistake yourself for my rival just because I haven't slapped you down. If I wanted you dead, you'd be dead. If I wanted to destroy New Wave in ways even you couldn't fix, it would be gone. You really haven't considered that I could destroy your power with a single touch, stopping you from being such a little parasite? You are still alive, despite your little games, despite essentially exposing my identity while thinking you're so damn smart," Midas drawled, unmasking as he gave his brother a sneer. "Because you're still my foolish little brother who used to cry to mommy if I spent time with my friends without you. Following me all the way to the Bay, becoming a hero just so you can be my 'rival'. I tolerate you, for old times' sake, but don't think that my mercy will last if you become a true threat to my rise to power. Make your call, Piggot. Let us end this farce."

– Rebecca Costa-Brown (Alexandria) –

Coil was dead. She already knew that, replaced by Midas. Contessa had revealed that even while running around doing her own thing.

As she listened to Director Piggot, she already knew what the furious director was going to say and already had her response planned.

"Pull your capes back. We are going with King Midas' plans," Rebecca said, listening to Emily erupt on the other end.

Even as she continued to order Emily to allow Midas to do exactly what he'd said he was going to do, her mind was elsewhere.

Midas and Prophet were stabilising influences on the cape world. They would ensure that the power level of the various capes on both sides slowly rose, making them more prepared for the final battle while also keeping the world more stable and less likely to fall into anarchy. Number Man had confirmed it; the chances were better if they permitted Jin's rise to power.

It was the same with the rapidly spreading League of Villains. It was a stabilising organisation that was gathering countless villains and making them follow a certain level of order. Formerly chaotic capes who couldn't be controlled without Contessa's direct influence were now gathering under the auspices of the League where they could be more easily directed. It stopped infighting, lowering cape deaths.

If she exposed Prophet, the outcome was inevitable. The heroes would lose access to the empowerments, while Jin would go all in on villainy. He'd rapidly empower the villains he had gathered to drive the PRT out of Brockton Bay and then spread further. The League was essentially the villainous counter to the PRT, even if the villains liked to think they were still 'independent'.

Emily kept trying to get out of this, but her mind was made up, and she did not budge; finally ended the call after having put her foot down, knowing Piggot must be seething at her orders.

'Order Piggot to follow Midas' plans.'

Contessa had had this small sticky note delivered to her this morning. They had put too much faith into the Paths to stop now, even if Jin might have compromised them. She would need to speak with Jin herself soon, but first, she'd sit back and watch his plan carefully. She wanted as much information as she could get before that conversation.

– Jin Yukimura (King Midas) –

Watching Emily return, she doesn't need to say a single thing for everyone to realise what answer she got. Her pudgy face is red with anger, looking like she's burst a blood vessel as she glares at me.

"The Chief Director… agrees with your request. The PRT will not get involved in this fight," Emily spits out venomously, each word forced out and seemingly hurting her to admit. Armsmaster looks like he's about to argue, but Renick doesn't say anything as he sighs.

"We'll stay out of it as long as it doesn't spread into civilian areas," Prophet agrees, sounding like he's gritting his teeth under his mask. Brandish doesn't look much better as she scowls at me, but she says nothing. Such a well-trained little pet.

"I like these little talks, Emily. It reaffirms my decision not to work with the heroes," I say with a smug smile. "It must sting to have your orders make so little sense. You're a Director, and they couldn't keep you further in the dark if they made you do your job blindfolded."

Emily just grimaces, knowing full well she doesn't have all the information.

"Get out of my Rig," Emily finally says, making me laugh as I rise.

"Of course. A pleasure doing business with you; I'm glad we could come to a mutually beneficial agreement," I say, giving them a slight bow as I turn and leave. We get escorted back to my limo, where Overdrive is waiting for us, getting into the back.

As we drive along the bridge, Lisa bursts out laughing, having been holding it in for far too long.

"Did you enjoy the show, my dear?" I ask, watching her get a hold of herself, still giggling.

"Oh god, that was amazing," Lisa agrees, Jaina chuckling as she grabs the wine glasses and pours us all some champagne.

"To a successful negotiation," Jaina jokes, clinking our glasses together. "I honestly thought Piggot was going to die on the spot."

"Oh, she came close. Renick called for the medic team to wait nearby; she was so close to just collapsing," Lisa explained, widely grinning as we drove home. Step one, complete.

– Colin Wallis (Armsmaster) –

Even after Midas left, his words still stuck deep into Colin's mind.

He truly liked Dragon; he respected her more than any other Tinker in the world… but was Midas right? Dragon had helped him with so many projects, which he'd seen as efficient, and always accepted her help, but was that why nobody seemed to take him seriously?

'The Kid Win to Dragon's Armsmaster'.

Was that all he was truly seen as?

Make no mistake, he had no doubts that Midas had worded it so harshly to get under his skin. He might not be a social person, but he was no fool. Was it a scheme to distance him from Dragon or just an opportunity to mock a hero without them being able to defend themselves?

But still, he could not deny that the mocking words held a certain level of truth to them. It was why they stung so deeply.

"Do you believe your brother is truly planning to ally with the Empire?" Renick asked, making Prophet shake his head.

"I believe he's convinced the Empire that he plans to ally with them. A non-aggression pact, working together to take out Coil and the ABB and establish themselves so thoroughly that no other organisation can move into the gaps left behind. But for him to actually keep to his word and ally with them? No," Prophet scoffed. "Midas is an egomaniac; he won't tolerate someone like Kaiser in what he sees as his city. Betrayal is inevitable. Honestly, I suspect he's already working on a plan to destroy the Empire. He'll want to do it in a way that lets him absorb their capes and infrastructure so he can prevent anyone from moving into their territory. I imagine he'll prioritise turning the female capes; Midas is predictable in that way; his libido has always been one of his biggest weaknesses."

"If he succeeds, he'll be the only villainous gang leader in Brockton Bay, with far too much power for us to drive him out. He already has a worrying amount of capes; adding the Empire capes to his numbers will make removing him nearly impossible," Renick said, a grimace on his face.

"I have work to do. I need to speed up my own plans because if Midas finishes his plan for the Empire before we're ready, we'll be his last target before the Bay is his entirely," Prophet warned. "He's getting ready for the final stages of his plans for Brockton Bay, and we're still stuck playing catch up."
"And yet, you still haven't agreed to start empowering the heroes," Armsmaster pointed out, making Prophet turn to him.

"I have agreed. Do not blame me for the slow gears of your organisation. You have my number; I've been waiting for you to approach me," Prophet scoffed. Armsmaster went quiet, knowing that Prophet was right. The higher-ups were still arguing over where to start the negotiations; how did you put a price on power?

Elastigirl's empowerment was proof that Prophet was willing to empower Protectorate heroes.

"That's why you're losing, by the way. The PRT is bound up in so much red tape that you can't keep up with Midas. It's why I am not willing to join you. Frankly, your organisation is too inefficient for me to consider joining up," Prophet pointed out. "Call me when you're ready to stop playing around."

As they went to leave, Colin made a decision and approached the independent heroes.

"Prophet, would you be willing to make a deal for an empowerment between us instead of going through the PRT? I find myself equally frustrated by the PRT's dragging heels," Colin admitted. He didn't particularly like Prophet, finding the younger man to be rather arrogant and abrasive, but watching Midas tear into him had endeared the other cape to him. They had both been subjected to Midas' unfortunately deadly insults.

Elastigirl had gone to Prophet for the same thing, so the PRT couldn't complain about him working around them.

"Hm, yeah, I think we can come to an agreement. Not right now; I have work I need to do, but come visit me at the Den of Dionysus sometime," Prophet agreed, giving him a respectful nod. "If nothing else, I think I know how Imp keeps compromising your gear, and as Midas just said, I do love being a thorn in his side."

"I appreciate it," Colin said before pausing. "Do you think he was right? About Dragon?"

Prophet hesitated, scratching his chin awkwardly.

"I think he worded it to be as aggravating as possible, but… yeah. If Alexandria takes down a powerful villain, do people ever remember the other heroes who were there? It's the problem with becoming so well-known. Dragon is known for being a very humble hero, but she is also the Tinker. The closest the world has to a replacement for Hero himself. Any project she even helps with becomes Dragon's project, even if someone else did 90% of the work," Prophet explained. "It's just the nature of that level of fame."

Essentially, it wasn't something that Dragon could change even if she tried. He could remember major takedowns by Alexandria, Legend, or Eidolon, but even knowing that other capes were involved, he could not name any of them. Even he had attributed the takedowns purely to the strongest, most well-known cape.

"Thank you, that is insightful," Colin said, his mind racing as Prophet gave him a nod.

"Of course. I look forward to your visit," Prophet replied before he turned and left, taking New Wave with him.

He had a lot of thinking to do.

– Pamela Isley (Poison Ivy) –

When Midas had requested her presence at her earliest convenience, she got the feeling that it had better be convenient for her immediately. Midas was a powerhouse, and while she wasn't under any obligation to come running when he called her name, she didn't want to lose the protection of the League with the Empire still breathing down her neck.

Getting out of the car he'd sent for her, she entered the building with a confident stride that she didn't quite feel. Descending down into the base, she was led into a room where the King himself was waiting for her.

"Ah, Ivy, thank you for coming so promptly," Midas said, gesturing for her to take a seat as he did the same.

"I can't deny I was curious what you'd want with little old me," Ivy agreed, putting a sultry tone on. The leaf dress she was wearing left a lot of her green skin on display, using every tool she had at her disposal. "How can I help Brockton Bay's King?"

"In this case, it may be more about how the King can help you," Midas explained, making her raise an eyebrow curiously. "I have come to an agreement with Kaiser, and part of his territory is being given to the Syndicate for services rendered. That includes the district that your botanical gardens are located in," Midas explained, getting an impressed look from her. "You are welcome to continue living there, of course, as long as you obey the rules I have set for all villains holding a lair in my territory."

"Easily done; I have no desire to muddy my own back garden and don't want any more territory," Ivy agreed, feeling the Sword of Damocles hanging over her. The unspoken threat was obvious, and Midas just smiled, pleased by her submission.

"Excellent. Now, Kaiser has bigger problems than you, and I have offered to act as the middleman for a ceasefire. Kaiser is willing to let bygones be bygones in exchange for the release of Hookwolf," Midas explained, and her eyes narrowed. "He promises to keep Hookwolf from seeking revenge, and he made that promise to me. If Hookwolf comes for you, he will be killed."
"I rather like having my pet bodyguard," Ivy countered, making him nod.

"Of course, and it isn't fair to expect you to give up such a powerful pawn without due payment. I am willing to… purchase Hookwolf from you in exchange for three things. Firstly, a power upgrade of your choice to make up for your lost manpower," Midas offered, making her smile slightly. She had access to his empowerment through the League, but it was expensive, and she hadn't had much chance to make money while fighting the Empire. "Follow me, please; the second is better shown rather than told."

Obeying, she followed him through the tunnels and froze as they entered a room. Her power went wild as she looked up at the giant, sentient carnivorous plant staring down at them, drooling.

"This is… Petey. No, I didn't name him. A biotinker in my service made him but could not take him with her, and I have been looking after him ever since. I believe your power will work with him, and the biotinker has agreed to let you keep him if you can take care of him. He is dangerous, and right now only I can feed him because he hates the taste of gold, but he is very powerful. My biotinker friend worked hard on improving her creation," Midas explained, making her nod mutely, her power reaching out to the giant plant with vines stronger than steel. "He will serve as a replacement for Hookwolf, protecting your lair even if he cannot travel everywhere with you."

"He's amazing," Ivy admitted. "Can I meet your biotinker friend?"

"Perhaps eventually, but she is keeping a rather low profile at the moment for obvious reasons," Midas explained, and she got it. The PRT would hate the Biotinker even more than they hated her; Biotinkers were a step above Masters.

"You said you had three things, and while I can't deny that I am tempted, that is only two," Ivy said, gathering her thoughts. She'd already shown her hand and honestly would give up Hookwolf for either of the two things already offered just to get the Empire off her back.

"Of course, follow me," Midas agreed, calmly stepping out of the way of a vine as it swung for him. Midas once more went through the twisting corridors of his base, arriving at what was clearly a prison.

She froze as she saw the beaten man inside the cell, clearly unconscious.

"I believe you know our guest, Doctor Isley. Jason Woodrue, or the Floronic Man as he prefers, attempted to join the League rather recently. Unfortunately, he was ineligible due to his actions against a current League member," Midas explained as she glared at the body of her former lover. The man who had seduced her and then kidnapped and experimented on her for months. "He took our refusal poorly but had an overexaggerated opinion of his own powers, powers that I have since crippled in retaliation for his actions. I am willing to hand him over to you as part of the trade for Hookwolf. I'm sure you have your own misgivings you'd like to clear up with him. So, Poison Ivy, do we have a deal?"

Midas smiled, a knowing smile, showing clearly that he already knew her answer. He could have demanded that she stripped and collared herself as his pet, and she'd still have agreed for a chance to get her revenge on the villain who was responsible for her trigger.

"Why, King Midas, you're spoiling me," Ivy said with a sultry smile, running her hand along his chest as she hid her hatred and rage behind a seductive guise, planning Woodrue's slow and painful death. "How could I refuse?"

– Jin Yukimura (King Midas) –

[The Art of the Deal] - Schemer
You have a precognitive sense of how likely the other party is to accept any deal you plan to offer. If you offer a deal that is heavily in the favour of the other party, it will make them feel indebted to you.

Yeah, I figured she would accept my generous offer. And now, Kaiser will be grateful to have his attack dog back… for a short time. I have plans for Hookwolf, and he's going to help me deal a lethal blow to the Empire.

— Bonus Scene — Aisha Laborn (Imp)

Running across the rooftop, she followed her prey and leapt as she reached the end, her cybernetic legs sending her soaring through the air as she let out a whoop of pure joy, landing with ease as her cyberware cushioned the fall, and continued to hunt her target.

White Rabbit gave her a mocking wave, dashing from rooftop to rooftop as they parkoured through her turf. Despite all her cyberware, even the fucking sandevistan, she struggled to keep up with the Rabbit, who was way too slippery, but it didn't change the wild grin on her face as they raced through the city, moving into Midas' territory.

As she leapt, she glanced to the side and laughed as she changed one of those big electronic billboards to her favourite playlist of annoying videos, hacking into it in an instant. The boss didn't care as long as she didn't cause too much trouble, and it'd change back in a few minutes.

Why the fuck did Brian think that her getting chromed was a bad thing?! This was the best time she'd ever had. Brian was just a fucking downer, everyone else was having fun, but Brian and his creepy friend just sulked over being put on her team. Idiots.

Mom wasn't doing drugs anymore or turning tricks for said drugs; she was strong and had the protection of the smartest villain in the world, and they got to cause chaos and fuck with the Wards all the time. Clockblocker was funny; if she wasn't aiming for someone older, she might have hit on him. Kid Win was even funnier because he looked like he was going to cry when she'd hacked his hoverboard and stolen it.

Rabbit came to a stop, grinning as Aisha caught up with her.

"You are stupidly fast," Aisha complained playfully, making Rabbit giggle.

"And you're getting better, Aisha," Rabbit praised, ruffling her hair. "Midas was right; having an apprentice is fun. But, while you're getting the parkour and escaping down… think you're ready for a little larceny?" Rabbit asked with a wide grin, making Aisha's eyes widen. "The Boss wants a painting that is at some fancy gallery downtown; wanna go get him his prize?"

"Oh, hell yeah," Aisha agreed, beaming. Rabbit was her villainous mentor, teaching her how to properly steal, none of that amateurish pickpocketing or shoplifting, showing her how to parkour and slip away from any pursuer. "I've not had a chance to thank him properly for everything he's done, but this could be a nice start."

"Aww, poor girl, has the big bad boss been clam-jamming you?" Rabbit teased, her hand on her hip as Aisha rolled her eyes. Rabbit liked to boast about how much time she spent in Midas' bed. "Well, why don't we get him some tribute and see if we can get him to stop being such a bully."

Aisha grinned, listening as Rabbit explained the plans for the heist. Rabbit got her, unlike Brian, who still treated her like she was a fucking kid. She was honestly the best mentor a girl could have.

Author's Note: Jin is doing Jin things with Jin as he plans to take down Jin.

Written: 11/06/2024





I am entirely motivated by praise and interaction, so leave a review, and I'll probably write faster. I do read every review/comment, because it gives me the happy brain chemicals and motivates me to write more. My body is a machine that turns positive reviews into new chapters.

I have a Patreo n, where my supporters can vote on which fics get bonus chapters each cycle and have access to advance chapters, up to ten chapters ahead of the public release. Patreo n is also five chapters ahead and plat/diamond tier have voting rights for my Quest. Feel free to check it out.

I also set up a Subscribe Star as well, more or less just as a backup/test to see which I prefer. The chapters are available on Discord if you're a Patreo n and on the site directly on Subscribe Star due to the different site rules, so if you don't use Discord or have issues finding the chapters, Subscribe Star is the better choice.

The Advance Chapters
Diamond: The Occult Ch08, Guide to Necromancy Ch09, The Nightmare Ch12.5, The Celestial Remnant Ch07,
Plat: The Celestial Remnant Ch06, The Gambler Ch13, The Cursed Ch04
Gold: The High Roller Ch06, The Celestial Remnant Ch05
Basic: The Tamer Ch14
Quest: The Celestial Roulette Ch11-15

Links:
Patreo n. com (slash) TheDarkWolfShiro
Subscribe star. com (slash) the-dark-wolf-shiro

I have a Discord server with a bunch of other authors and a load of porn. So much porn.

Here's the link for that: discord .gg/DarkWolfShiro

If it says it's expired, it is probably your account being unable to join NSFW servers, and you'll need to fix that. If you fix that and it still says it's expired, add me (DarkWolfShiro), and I'll invite you myself.
"Sanity and happiness are an impossible combination."
― Mark Twain

​
My Discord, come here for porn and also sometimes fics: https://discord.gg/wd3tUYWVCd

My Patreon, I promise to spend any money given to me irresponsibly: https://www.patreon.com/TheDarkWolfShiro​
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Retr0, Jebbedaiah, Torlok and 1,207 others
The Dark Wolf Shiro
Jul 9, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 27: Setting The Board New
View content
The Dark Wolf Shiro
The Dark Wolf Shiro
Everyone Hail to the Pumpkin King
JoinedApr 1, 2019
Messages9,336
Likes received960,957
Aug 14, 2024
Add bookmark
#4,540
Disclaimer: I own nothing but my original characters and works; all other characters and worlds belong to their respective owners. I'm just playing with them.
Betad by Priapus, Marethyu, Malcolm Tent, Mike God of Lore




The Guild of Gamers: The Supervillain
Chapter 27: Setting The Board

– Pamela Isley (Poison Ivy) –

Jason had once been everything to her, the smooth-talking older man who'd convinced her to take part in his research and promised her it would be safe. The same man who spent months torturing her with his sick experiments, forcing her to trigger and then leaving her to her fate against the PRT after he'd gotten caught.

Looking down at the pathetic man's broken body, she smiled as she saw the pleading in his single remaining eye, barely visible through the blood. With a single gesture, dozens of large, thorny vines burst through the ground and pierced his flesh, skewering him a dozen times over as the bastard finally died at the hands of her enhanced power.

"I'll have the body disposed of. Nobody knew I had him, and they never will," Midas explained, indifferent to the brutal showing as she turned back to the King of Brockton Bay. "And I've arranged for Petey to be transported back to your lair."

Hookwolf stood by Midas, like the well-trained dog he was, and she'd miss having the brutal bastard at her beck and call, but she'd have slit Hookwolf's throat for Woodroe alone; Midas was being very generous to her.

"It's been a true pleasure doing business with you, Midas," Ivy drawled, her tone sultry as she walked up to Midas with a sway to her hips, running her hand down his chest. "But now that the business is complete, why don't we celebrate? With the Empire no longer out for my blood, I can finally afford to let my hair down a little, and who better to celebrate with than the man who has done so much for me?"

Midas smiled, his hand coming to her waist. Midas was the person to know; she knew he found her attractive. As someone living in his backyard, she was very interested in staying on the powerful villain's best side, and she genuinely wanted to celebrate avenging the great wrong that Jason had done to her.

"I'll get the champagne," Midas offered with a smile, his hand moving to her light-green backside as she smirked up at him.

– Jin Yukimura (King Midas) –

This was long overdue, in truth.

Leaning back, my hand gently grips Ivy's long red locks, several small flowers having grown in the hair I'm holding as I groan, Ivy skilfully going down on me. Ivy's body no longer requires oxygen after the newest upgrade I made to her, making her more plantlike than ever, now able to get energy from photosynthesis.

She's putting that new benefit to use as she inhales my cock, leaving a trail of red lipstick along my shaft as she smiles up at me. Her leafy dress is scattered around my bedroom, leaving her in just her heels as she pleasures me.

Ivy's soft moans fill the room as she continues to service me, her lips moving up and down my shaft with ease. Each moan sends a wave of vibration through my manhood, making me groan lightly as I thrust into her mouth, feeling her tongue work.

Her lips glide up and down along my shaft with ease, taking every inch of me in as she swirls her tongue around me. I know she can feel me growing harder and bigger in her mouth, but it only seems to fuel her desire to please me even more. It's good to be the king.

Gripping her hair tighter, my hips buck forward as I grunt and start to release my seed into her waiting mouth, which is eagerly milking me dry. Ivy doesn't hesitate to swallow every last drop, seemingly savouring the taste before she pulls back with a satisfied smile and licks her lips.

"Delicious," Ivy purs, rising to her feet as I spot the arousal glistening around her thighs as she turns and struts away, her hips swaying as she moves towards my bed. Climbing onto it, she looks over her shoulder as her green backside wiggles at me.

Her lower lips are a slightly darker shade of green, glistening with her arousal as she crooks a finger back at me.

"Well, your Majesty, aren't you going to come and claim your prize?" Ivy purrs, watching me rise to my feet. "I bet you've wanted this from the first time you sent me that letter."

"I can't deny that I've thought about it," I agree, gently squeezing her ass before I run a long finger along her dripping cunt and raise it to my face, licking the nectar with a smile. "I'm only a man, after all."

"We both know you aren't only anything," Ivy praises, eager to stay on my good side and reap the rewards that come with my favour as I move onto the bed, slapping my cock against her backside before I grind it into her ass-cheeks briefly, gripping it and lining myself up with the dripping quim. "You're the kind of person who always gets what you want, aren't you? I never had a chance."

I just smile, gripping her hips as she pushes her curvy backside towards me, my cock slipping into her incredibly tight pussy as she lets out a moan of pleasure. Giving her ass a light spank, I watch the firm cheeks jiggle enticingly as I start to move, enjoying the feeling of finally getting Ivy.

As I start to move, Ivy's moans fill the room, encouraging me to go faster and harder. Her inner walls grip me tightly as I thrust into her, my hands roaming over her body, tracing her curves.

I pick up the pace, my hips slamming into hers with each thrust. Ivy's fingers dig into the sheets below her as she grips them tightly, arching her back in pleasure as her face presses into the sheets, biting down on them.

Her breathing becomes more ragged, and I know she's close. With one hand gripping her hip, I use the other to reach around and cup one of her large breasts, pinching her nipple lightly as I squeeze the soft flesh that is almost overflowing from my hand. Ivy cries out in ecstasy as she climaxes, her walls clenching around me.

She's almost painfully tight as I continue to hammer into her, watching her collapse into a boneless heap, my own release not far behind as her lower lips milk me, desperate for my seed.

With a few final thrusts, my movement becoming more erratic, I let go and let out a satisfied groan as I fully sheathe myself inside her soaked cunt. I feel my cock twitch as it spurts my seed deep into Ivy's unresisting body, which shudders again at the feeling of my cum flooding her womb.

Again, it is damn good to be the King.

– Lisa Wilbourne (The Shadow Broker) – Elsewhere –

Looking up into Midas' approving eyes, she continued to slowly bob her head in the back of the limousine. This was long overdue, in truth, because with Midas' habits, she was always going to end up his.

After his display with the PRT, she'd come to realise that she found the kind of power Midas had incredibly sexy. He danced around the PRT, wedged a shard between Dragon and Armsmaster, spat in their faces and practically made them thank him for it.

"That's it, show him your appreciation," Jaina whispered, kneeling behind her as Jaina's hand guided her head further along Midas' long shaft, the other woman just as turned on as her. Maybe it was the wine they'd had in celebration on the way back to the base, but the air felt heavy with arousal as Jaina pulled her head back, only to take Midas into her own mouth, caramel lips taking his full length with more expertise than Lisa had, Lisa moving down to take one of Midas' hefty balls into her mouth.

Jaina has been forced to feel countless sessions that the White Rabbit had with Midas. Jaina has feelings for Midas, grateful for everything he's done for her. Jaina is inexperienced, but she can call on White Rabbit's far greater skill in bed.

Midas- Jin- had the entire world dancing in the palm of his hands. Right now, Glory Girl was probably deepthroating Prophet's cock with no idea that she was pleasuring a villain. Brandish was utterly tamed, and Lady Photon was falling in love with the man who had done so much for her family.

She truly believed there was nothing that Midas couldn't get, nobody he couldn't have if he wanted them. By joining him, she'd gained just a sliver of that power and influence, and she was starting to realise that there was nothing she wouldn't do for him to keep the power and trust he had in her.

Midas had one real flaw, and that was his love for women. It slowed down his plans, making him adapt plans so he could get the attractive women on his side, whether they knew it or not. It was logical to make sure she kept her place as his Shadow Broker like this as she unzipped her skirt, Jaina getting the message as she pulled back.

Lisa moved forward, climbing onto Midas's lap as Jaina grasped his cock and lined it up with her virgin pussy; helping Lisa sink onto the well-lubricated cock, taking her boss's cock to the base. Jaina moved up and held her hips as she guided Lisa's movements.

"Sherrel, take a detour. It'll do some good for the people to see my presence," Jin ordered, giving the pair a smile as Jaina helped remove her shirt and bra. Sherrel responded, but Lisa's mind was elsewhere as she felt the fullness, something she'd never experienced before, as it made her mind bluescreen.

Jaina leaned over, kissing Midas as Lisa started to bounce on his cock. Midas was going to own everything, and she was going to be right there alongside him. The world was their oyster, and Brockton was only the beginning.

– Kayden Anders (Purity) –

"Mrs Anders? I have to say, I wasn't expecting to hear from you so soon," Midas said, looking over at her with a raised eyebrow. Kayden didn't quite believe that; something about how she'd gotten a meeting instantly told her that Midas had read her like a book. "What can the League do for you?"

"I've looked at the services you offer, and there's one I want to take advantage of once you have rescued Aster," Kayden admitted, taking the seat Midas gestured to right across from him.

"You want me to make you and your daughter disappear, away from Coil, from the PRT… and from Kaiser," Midas continued, making her freeze before she snorted. Yeah, he knew exactly what she wanted.

She wanted out. She'd been through too much; Kaiser had failed to protect his own daughter. She just wanted to get away from this shithole.

"You said the League's services were open to the Empire, didn't you?" Kayden asked.

"I did, and I meant it. But you see, there are several minor issues with that. Firstly, you are not part of the Empire, not anymore. Secondly, you are not a villain, given that you decided to turn hero. Finally, even if you claim you are an independent villain now, you committed crimes against the League and broke several rules, disqualifying yourself from membership," Midas said, giving her a dark look. "You destroyed one of my bases, killed dozens of my people and cost me millions. It takes a special kind of bravery to then walk into my business and ask me to help you disappear, at the cost of crossing Kaiser and endangering my peace treaty with him."

Kayden went silent, her defence dying on her lips. He knew Coil had blackmailed her into it; it didn't bring back the men she'd killed or replace his lost base and resources.

"I know, but I can't do this anymore. Coil has my baby; he used me like a sex slave for weeks, and Kaiser just sat around twiddling his thumbs. I want out, away from him once and for all," Kayden admitted, the bitterness that had been growing in her chest, turning her anger at Kaiser into hatred. Max was good with words, but that was all he was good for. Talking and trying to make himself look good, even as every one of his 'rivals' danced around him. "I won't say I'm sorry. For Aster, I'd have killed you and Kaiser with a smile, but I know that I owe you a debt even without your help."

It was a dangerous thing, putting herself into the debt of someone like Midas, but it was the only choice she had left. No matter what, she needed to get Aster away from this chaos.

Midas paused, taking a sip of his drink as he waited far too long, leaving her stewing in her dark thoughts. It was deliberate; he was enjoying watching her tremble, knowing he had complete power over her.

"You're right, Mrs Anders. You do have a debt to pay," Midas agreed, smirking at her. "Had you remained by Kaiser's side, I'd have let your little mistake pass, but if you're trying to get away from him, then the debt falls on your shoulders to pay."
"Name your price," Kayden replied simply. She already knew this would happen; she knew before she walked into the Oriental that she was putting herself at his mercy.

"Officially, you are not a part of the Empire Eighty-Eight at the moment; as such, you are not included in any deals I made with Kaiser," Midas pointed out, rubbing his chin. "When I rescue Aster, I will return her to you personally. You and Aster will move into one of the apartments I use to home my valued employees. Your house is clearly unsafe, and Coil's operations are vast; we can't discount the idea that the man has plans that will outlast him."

"I thought you would handle those," Kayden pointed out, making Midas frown.

"I am a very good Thinker, and I have a good crew under me working on preparing to dismantle Coil's operations, but make no mistake, he has been planning this for years; I've had just over a week to disarm this ticking time bomb," Midas pointed out, scowling briefly. "Even I need information to work on; I didn't know Coil was planning anything until you destroyed my base."

Kayden nodded, seeing his point. She didn't know what kind of Thinker Midas was, but clearly he needed something to start with. Even the best Thinkers weren't foolproof.

"If Kaiser accepts my offer for a year of peace, you belong to me for that same time. Once your debt is paid, I will relocate you either to another state or out of the country to a location of your choosing. Aster will be protected during that year, as my apartments are far better protected than your quaint little house," Midas decided, making her hesitate. "Alternatively, you refuse, and I will hand Aster directly to Max, informing him of your attempted flight to further our alliance."

Kayden didn't reply for a moment, watching Midas calmly sip his drink as he waited for her to come to a decision.

"What would I be doing?" Kayden asked, and Midas simply smiled, as she suspected she already knew the answer to that one.

"Whatever I want," Midas confirmed. "You cost me a lot, including my favourite body double. I should wash my hands of you, Purity, but I am a forgiving man. One year, during which your daughter has my assurance that she will be safe, and you'll find my word is worth more than Kaiser's."

"Coil promised to let me go when I killed you or Kaiser; look how that ended up," Kayden pointed out, making Midas scowl.

"I am a man of my word, Kayden. Your power is not worth the damage breaking my word would do to my reputation and the reputation of the League. The League works because villains and rogues trust that we keep our promises. Do not compare me to that snake in the grass, Purity; you do not want me any more displeased at you than I already am," Midas pointed out, making her sigh.

"What if Kaiser doesn't accept your offer?" Purity asked, making Midas lean back.

"Then it will be war between us, and you will serve me until the Empire has been neutralised," Midas said simply. "Admittedly, this will be a far shorter period of time, but we'll call the better payment a bonus to help you deal with the fact that you'll be facilitating the utter destruction of the very organisation that you once fought for."

Midas was so confident that he could beat the Empire, but then why wouldn't he be? She'd already established how weak Kaiser really was behind his facade.

"One year, and then I'm free to go?" Kayden confirmed.

"Correct. You'll be set up with a new identity and home, far from Brockton Bay. As long as you do not take up your Purity persona again, I will see our business as concluded," Midas agreed. How long had she been trying to get away from her past? Was a year really that long?

Midas was better looking than Coil, at least, if things went that way. She was half expecting him to tell her to get on her knees the moment she agreed, and while he was still a chink, it was better than Coil.

"I- fine, I accept," Kayden said, signing her deal with the Devil, her soul in his hands for a full year. She felt her traitorous body start to react, the familiar powerlessness making her panties grow damp as she waited for the order to strip.

"Good girl. Now, I want you to go back to the Empire and claim that Coil's abuse of you has reignited your belief in the Empire's 'code'," Midas ordered, making her blink. "Come now, did you really think I did this to get a mousey middle-aged woman in my bed?"

Kayden blushed, shame flooding her at his blank tone.

"I can't deny that the desire to cuckold Kaiser is tempting, even if he has since replaced you with the twins, but it isn't your body I want," Midas explained, watching her hesitate. "I find that I prefer my girls willing, and I have no lack of choices in that department. As I said, don't compare me to Coil."

"You want me to spy on the Empire?" Kayden asked, making him nod.

"For now. I will give you new orders as the need arises, but the less you know about my plans, the less chance you have of getting caught," Midas explained, making her hesitate before she nodded. She was no great actress, but she knew Kaiser well enough to fool him. "Having Purity back will make Kaiser feel more confident, especially when your power is upgraded. It will make him less likely to call in reinforcements and end up owing the clans and Gesellschaft favours."

"What if he finds out I came to you today?" Kayden asked.

"Tell him you approached me to ask to take part in the attack on Coil's base, wanting to kill your rapist personally. I, of course, told you that you could not take part because Aster is still a powerful leverage over you and turned down your request," Midas replied instantly, and she could definitely pull that off because she did want to kill Coil herself.

She'd really considered it when he was on top of her; a single blast, and he'd be dead, but she knew she'd never find Aster in time and had to endure his assault on her instead. When Coil had first decided to introduce her to rough anal, she'd even started to glow subconsciously, but Coil had put a stop to that with his slimy threats of having her entertain all his men instead if she disliked being in his bed so much. Faced with either letting Coil take her anal virginity or being passed around several dozen men, she'd depowered and just let him have what he'd wanted.

"Fine, I'll do it," Kayden agreed; she was so far past the point of betraying the Empire that this felt irrelevant to her. Midas smiled, but there was something odd in his expression which made her hesitate. "What?"

"Oh, my apologies. I was just finding it amusing that you are disappointed that I did not take advantage of my power over you to demand sexual gratification," Midas pointed out. Immediately, she went to deny his claim. "Oh, I am not judging, Kayden. You have been separated from Max for months, and I doubt he is particularly impressive in bed. Everyone has their needs; there's no shame in it."
"I did not enjoy being raped by Coil," Kayden said, her tone fierce as he raised an eyebrow.

"Of course not, but you do find the concept of being powerless attractive. It's why you're currently wet, why your legs subconsciously spread. It's even why you wore a shorter skirt," Midas explained. "Well, that and you hoped to use your body to barter for your new identity."

Kayden went to defend herself, her legs snapping closed as she realised he was right. She had come here as Kayden, not Purity, and her outfit was a little more revealing than she might usually wear. Yes, she'd been preparing to sleep with Midas to get what she needed, but-

She'd been flashing him, her spread legs giving him a view of her damp underwear, and shame filled her.

"As I said, there's nothing to be ashamed of. You're simply attracted to powerful men, dominant men. If anything, it says more about Kaiser than you that you did not discover this particular fetish during your marriage with him," Midas reassured her.

"Kaiser married me because I was powerful, but he still loved Heith, his previous wife. I won't say it was loveless, but it wasn't a passionate marriage," Kayden admitted, not sure why she was trying to explain herself to Midas.

Midas simply nodded, and there was something about how non-judgemental he was about her body betraying her that helped stifle the shame. Somehow, she felt better blaming Max for her body being so willing to react to Coil's abuse. She'd cum more times during her imprisonment than she ever had during her marriage with Max, and she had hated herself for it, but Midas was right. It did say more about Max than it did about her.

"If you ever want to find out what being submissive is like when you don't have a metaphorical gun to your head, I'm sure we can arrange something," Midas teased, and she felt herself blush slightly. "As I said, I can't deny that I'm tempted to cuckold Kaiser and prove that I'm more of a man than both him and Coil, but we don't have time for playing around. Not while Coil is out there, still holding Aster and your identities hostage."

Kayden nodded seriously, telling herself to get a grip as they finalised her part in Midas' plans. Still, the idea stuck in deep, not because she found Midas that attractive, but as a way to get back at Max and wipe away the taint that Coil had left on her.

But Midas was right; Aster had to come first.

– Jin Yukimura (King Midas) –

[Planting Seeds] let me plant a seed of hatred in Kayden while she was with 'Coil', making her grow bitter and hateful at the way Kaiser had failed to protect her or Aster. That seed is ready to bloom, along with the [Would you kindly?] training I gave Kayden as Coil, which made her more submissive in general. A seed of respect planted during my meeting with Kaiser has slowly made her see me as a figure to be admired despite my ethnicity. Once I save Aster, that will only grow.

As she leaves, I smile to myself. Kaiser will accept my peace offer because he's not going to have a choice. He's going to be in a far weaker position than he thinks, even with Purity back on his side, and if it becomes a fight, the Empire would be wiped out entirely.

Purity will be a useful tool in Kaiser's downfall; just another piece manoeuvred into the proper place on the board.

– Francis Krouse (Trickster) –

Arriving at Coil's office, the villain gestured for him to take a seat.

This wasn't the base they'd originally been told to go to, but he hadn't missed that this base on the edge of Brockton Bay had a special cell pre-made for Noelle.

"Trickster, I take it your travels here weren't too difficult?" Coil asked, making Trickster shake his head. Thanks to Noelle's deformity, they were used to moving around; it was kinda in the name, and necessary.

"It was fine; thanks for arranging the van to collect Noelle, but you promised a way to fix her. Is it Midas? I know he can modify powers," Krouse started immediately, making Coil chuckle.

"Which would require Midas being willing to get within arms reach of Miss Meinhardt, something I can assure you he is not willing to do. He's already dealing with one twin; I don't think he wants to add any deformed clones into the mix," Coil replied easily. "No, I have alternative plans for Miss Meinhardt, but-"

"Midas wouldn't get a choice if I just switched him with someone already near Noelle," Krouse pointed out. "He's your enemy anyway, isn't he?"

"Yes, but- ah, fuck it," Coil said, making Trickster blink before something heavy smashed against the back of his head. "Such a whiny man, Noelle this, Noelle that."

– Jin Yukimura (Coil) –

I'd like it to be on record that I tried. I really did.

I've been in constant contact with Trickster as he brought his ticking time bomb into my city, whining and demanding instant solutions the entire time. Every plan he has come up with has been nonsensical and downright terrible, and I can already tell he's exactly the kind of impulsive fool I hate.

Agent Bob stands behind him with a metal baseball bat in hand. Coil's men are not trustworthy, so I had Bob get a new body to act as a new hire for Coil, who is 'preparing' for the upcoming war with the Syndicate.

I had plans, you know, a dozen of them, on how to deal with the Travellers, but Trickster is just so damn annoying. Amy comes out of the side room, looking at the unconscious man with a raised eyebrow.

"You're normally more professional than that," Amy points out, making Bob snort. "What did this guy do- what the fuck is that?!" Amy asks in a shrill tone as I turn on the screen to show Noelle's cell.

"That is the fun little gift Coil has left me and that Trickster has happily brought into my city despite her being a timebomb. The same S-Class threat that Trickster was planning to kidnap 'me' for and throw me into it in the hopes that Midas would fix the problem because he has the planning skills of a brain-damaged mole-rat," I say, rubbing my forehead.

"Well, if he wasn't brain-damaged before, he is now," Amy points out, touching him and the fake body that I'll soon be inhabiting. "Was the bat necessary?"

"Sometimes, things just need an old-fashioned touch," Bob agrees with a shrug, patting his bat. "Can't go wrong with a baseball bat to the head. Pretty sure we're killing this guy soon anyway."

Amy hesitates, but then she looks back at the screen, which shows Noelle and her monstrous form.

"You have this and that thing under control, right?" Amy asks, making me nod.

"It was an unpleasant surprise, but yes, I do," I agree, making her let out a sigh of relief as she finishes making the new Trickster. "The Travellers are killers; Trickster might have convinced himself that he's doing what he needs to do to protect his girlfriend, but make no mistake, his actions could have led to an event worse than an Endbringer attack."

It's a sign of how corrupted Amy has become that she only briefly hesitates at the mention of Trickster's upcoming death as she finishes the touches. Bob lifts the unconscious body and carries it into the side room.

Placing Trickster into the special chair, Bob lowers the headpiece over Trickster's head (after stripping him).

"It's ready, boss," Bob confirms as I smile. Cyberpunk had some truly fascinating technology, ranging from the mind-altering devices that were used on Jefferson Peralez to AI that put Dragon to shame.

But the part I found intriguing? Soul-Killer.

Activating the machine, I watch as Trickster awakens with a scream, the chair lighting up as it clones everything that made him, him, onto an Engram. I can't quite play the part of Trickster without the right knowledge, after all, but now I have everything that made Trickster himself. With the help of some VIs to search his memories, I'll be able to 'prove' I'm Trickster if I face any suspicion.

Gone are the days of needing to interrogate people; now, all I need is an engram, and their entire being is laid bare, ready to be put into a cloned body under the control of one of my Netrunners should the need arise.

Amy watches as Coil sits down, and Trickster sits up, a proud smile on his lips as I reach into the Engram and examine Francis' own recent memories. I still can't control that many bodies at once without having a downturn in efficiency, but Coil is usually inactive anyway.

"Did it work, Boss?" Bob asks, making me smirk as I focus on him. After all, Trickster wasn't the only thing in this body, was he? Amy gasps as she watches Bob and me swap places, eyes wide in realisation. Mad Scientist is a good name for this class because it takes a special kind of madness to try and make an Engram of a Shard, after all.

And it takes a special kind of madness to succeed; Trickster's very power digitalised and turned into an engram, and do you know the best part about data?
It can be so easily copied.

— Bonus Scene — Veronica Sinclair (Roulette)

She'd suspected that joining the League would make her rich. Her power may not be able to read Midas as well as others, but she knew money when she saw it.

Today, the Oriental opened another branch in the Big Apple itself. The Elite originally put up some minor fights, but in exchange for one of Midas' healing pods on permanent loan to Uppercrust, the League had been welcomed into New York with open arms by their new Elite allies.

Opening an Oriental right under Legend's nose was a statement that couldn't be ignored: the League had power and influence on a scale that no other villains could hope to match.

Already, the Adepts had approached the League, interested in their services, and Lost Garden had sent one of their members to look into the League. The Teeth made their usual showing of violence and threats, but the Elite helped drive them off, and word had it that Butcher was terrified that Midas might be able to kill her for good, so she never showed up in person.

As for the independent villains and rogues? That was where their latest service came in. They had negotiated jobs for villains before, but this was on a new scale entirely.

Fixers.

The concept was extremely simple: a middle-man who dealt with the clients, vetted jobs to make sure they were legitimate, negotiated a suitable price for the job and then found a Cape suited to take care of the job. It meant the clients remained utterly anonymous except to the Fixer, never meeting the capes they were hiring; it made sure the capes didn't get cheated on price or lured into a trap, and ensured that the cape had all the information they needed for the job to go smoothly, as well as any tech or minions they needed to loan, and all for the Fixer taking a small cut.

The League gained a reputation for reliability because every job it took was completed quickly and to the client's specifications. They didn't fail, and they took their client's confidentiality extremely seriously.

Midas was changing the game for independent capes because now all they had to do was walk into any of the Orientals and ask for a job, and the Fixer would find something that suited their talents and morality. These jobs weren't even always illegal; some of them were simply PR stunts or advertising jobs.

They even had fight clubs, where capes could battle for the thrill of the masses, who would pay good money for seats and place bets on the outcome, with the healing pods making sure that nobody got permanently injured. Several capes had basically become modern-day gladiators, realising that it was safer and paid better than actual villainy. The best ones even had started to get their own merchandising like their heroic counterparts.

The money was flying in from all over the world as their reach grew with every passing day. Their Las Vegas branch was the biggest for the fight clubs, with several heroes having appeared in the fights in exchange for Midas enhancing their powers. The Cape Town branch was the biggest for merc work, given the warlike state of Africa thanks to the various warlords, with League villains providing protection to companies and governments alike. The London Branch was becoming a major auction site for some very famous pieces of artwork and other masterpieces stolen from across the world and fenced through the League.

And then there was her, handling all that money in her position as the League's head of finances. She'd considered skimming some of the top, but for once, she didn't need to. Besides her fear of Midas, she was making so much money that she had no reason to steal.

Sitting in her penthouse, she smiled to herself as she looked over the reports of the various branches. The Shadow Broker had identified another branch employee who was spying for the local heroes, but that just meant it was time to squeeze them for all they were worth and wring them dry.

The world was changing, and she was in the perfect position to get filthy rich from it.

Author's Note: Jin continues to Jin. Lisa was long overdue, as are some other girls, tbh. This fic just has so much going on that it can be hard to keep on top of everything.

Cyberpunk has some terrifying tech, and it was really only a matter of time. Does making an Engram of a Shard make sense? Probably not, do I care? Definitely not. Call it Guild fuckery.

Priapus: Somewhere out there is a voidspider thingy that feels like it just got mind-raped.

Written: 14/07/2024





I am entirely motivated by praise and interaction, so leave a review, and I'll probably write faster. I do read every review/comment, because it gives me the happy brain chemicals and motivates me to write more. My body is a machine that turns positive reviews into new chapters.

I have a Patreo n, where my supporters can vote on which fics get bonus chapters each cycle and have access to advance chapters, up to ten chapters ahead of the public release. Patreo n is also five chapters ahead and plat/diamond tier have voting rights for my Quest. Feel free to check it out.

I also set up a Subscribe Star as well, more or less just as a backup/test to see which I prefer. The chapters are available on Discord if you're a Patreo n and on the site directly on Subscribe Star due to the different site rules, so if you don't use Discord or have issues finding the chapters, Subscribe Star is the better choice.

The Advance Chapters
Patreon Exclusives
Diamond: Sorcerer's Legacy Ch09, The Planeswalker Ch09, The Nightmare Ch14, The Celestial Professor Ch03
Plat: The Game Master Ch08, Celestial Remnant Ch08, Celestial Professor Ch02
Gold: The Blessed Ch07, The Warlord Ch14
Basic: The Nightmare Ch13
Quest: The Celestial Roulette Ch19-23

Links:
Patreo n. com (slash) TheDarkWolfShiro
Subscribe star. com (slash) the-dark-wolf-shiro

I have a Discord server with a bunch of other authors and a load of porn. So much porn.

Here's the link for that: discord .gg/DarkWolfShiro

If it says it's expired, it is probably your account being unable to join NSFW servers, and you'll need to fix that. If you fix that and it still says it's expired, add me (DarkWolfShiro), and I'll invite you myself.
"Sanity and happiness are an impossible combination."
― Mark Twain

​
My Discord, come here for porn and also sometimes fics: https://discord.gg/wd3tUYWVCd

My Patreon, I promise to spend any money given to me irresponsibly: https://www.patreon.com/TheDarkWolfShiro​
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Jebbedaiah, Torlok, gartf and 1,104 others
The Dark Wolf Shiro
Aug 14, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 28: Snake Hunt New
View content
The Dark Wolf Shiro
The Dark Wolf Shiro
Everyone Hail to the Pumpkin King
JoinedApr 1, 2019
Messages9,336
Likes received960,957
Oct 7, 2024
Add bookmark
#4,586
Disclaimer: I own nothing but my original characters and works; all other characters and worlds belong to their respective owners. I'm just playing with them.
Betad by Marethyu, Priapus, Jin, Jin, God of Lore, Malcolm Tent





The Guild of Gamers: The Supervillain
Chapter 28: Snake Hunt

– Victoria Dallon (Glory Girl) –

Heading into Jin's office, she grinned as she spotted him. She'd heard of the meeting between him and Midas from her aunt and mother and wanted to cheer him up after having to deal with his douchebag of a brother.

Moving forward, she pounced on him from behind, squashing her breasts into his back as she hugged her boyfriend, making him chuckle as he turned around. Immediately, she spotted something wrong with him. The look on his face sent alarm bells as she pulled back, frowning.

"Hello again, Victoria," he said, and instantly, she got ready to attack, thanks to the sheer smugness in his tone. His voice sounded like Jin's, but Jin always sounded calm and collected; his tone was smooth and confident… there was only one person that could put that much smarm into a simple greeting.

"Relax, Vicky. As funny as it would be to watch you break his nose, he's here on a truce," Jin said from behind his desk, a frown on his face.

"And, of course, I'd have to spank you if you were so crass as to break a truce. Honestly, Jin should train you better, Victoria," Midas replied, a smug smile on his lips as she glowered at him, looking between the two brothers in confusion.

"What are you doing here?" Vicky growled, making Midas snort.

"Shush, Victoria. The grown-ups are talking," Midas taunted as she moved around the desk and stood beside Jin, just in case the asshole tried anything. "I was just discussing business with my brother; we don't need your input."

"What business could Jin possibly have with a piece of shit like-"

"Vicky, don't take his bait," Jin cut in, making Midas grin.

"Yes, Vicky, are you truly so easily taunted? Honestly, Jin, I get that you like the… brats, but you really should teach your little pet better," Midas mocked. "Maybe I will have to do you a favour and take her off your hands. Give me a week, and I'd have her nice and obedient."

Vicky went to respond before she caught herself, not rising to his mockery.

"I mean, it'd not be the first time I've taken what's yours, would it?" Midas continued, but Jin didn't rise to his bait either.

"If you're just going to ramble pointlessly, you can leave," Jin replied bluntly, making Midas chuckle again. "We're done here. I really can't stand you, but I also don't trust you to handle this alone and not fuck it up. Just this once, we have an… alliance," Jin said, his face scrunching up in distaste as her eyes widened. "Now get the fuck out of my office."

"As you wish, this is allegedly your domain," Midas said with a mocking bow, making her glare at the smug asshole as he gave her one last look, his eyes roaming her body. "Victoria, a pleasure, as always."

"The pleasure was all yours," Vicky retorted, making him grin.

"This time," Midas agreed. "We'll have to see to your pleasure another time."

She scoffed as he gave Jin another smirk, but Jin just stared at him in boredom, not rising to Midas' actions. Like she'd ever go for that… but then, he'd almost had her before. A quiet part of her brain reminded her that she'd been dancing on his strings before. Could he really arrange for her to sleep with him?

That was the part about Midas that she found so intimidating, even if she'd never admit it. If he truly wanted her to do something for him, how easily could he manipulate things to have her do whatever he wanted?

"I'll be in touch. Do try to keep your pawns in line; I'd hate for this to go wrong because you're too lenient with your minions," Midas said, turning and walking away as Jin scoffed.

"Smug prick always has to have the last word," Jin snorted as she turned to him.

"What was that about? What alliance?" Vicky asked, frowning as Jin hummed.

"Coil. Coil has left numerous little surprises for when he is taken down, not least of which is a group called the Travellers. Every member of the group is a powerful villain with blood on their hands. One of their members is an S-class emergency just waiting to happen. Coil has too many moles in the PRT to rely on them, and even inside the League itself. There are bombs under the city, ready to blow if Coil sets off his failsafe; if Coil can't rule the city, no one can," Jin explained, making her eyes widen. "Plus, a mountain of blackmail and secrets, including the identities of countless capes, ready to be unleashed if Coil is captured or killed. Coil has been preparing for this for decades; Midas has had less than a month to counter it. He's good, but he's not that good, and as much as he hates it, he knows he can't handle this alone. Too many pieces and countermeasures for one man to handle, especially when he can't guarantee that any League member he hires for the job isn't a double agent. Midas is very good at spotting moles, but if he misses even one, the city dies."

Vicky's eyes went wide, her anger at Midas' words washed away by the seriousness of the situation.

"So he came to you?" Vicky asked, making Jin nod.

"You have to understand just how much Midas hates needing help, especially from me. He wouldn't ask me for help if he had a gun to his head and no way to save himself. It hurt him to admit he couldn't handle things alone, but that's just how serious this is. If he fails, if we fail, everything we've both been building will be for nothing. Sure, Midas could rebuild in another city, but after all his work in Brockton, he can't see it all washed away by a sore loser. Our rivalry means nothing compared to the severity of the crisis we're facing. He wants my help, along with New Wave and some others I can call upon, to make sure that Coil's death throes don't take us all down with him," Jin explained, running a hand through his hair with a slight frown on his handsome face. "Specifically, he wants me to help handle the rescue of Kaiser's child, Mayor Alcott's niece and this 'Eri' and help neutralise the Travellers who Coil has guarding them while Midas and his people work at disarming the many traps Coil has set."

"What about this S-class threat? Does he expect you to handle them as well?" Vicky asked, stroking his hair softly as he laughed.

"As if the control freak would ever let someone other than himself have control of that operation. If we fail, there's a chance that the children die, something he could push onto our 'interference' and 'incompetence'. If Midas fails, there won't be a Brockton Bay left to fight over," Jin explained. "He's psychologically incapable of letting anyone else handle the most serious parts of the operation."

Vicky let out a deep breath as the sheer weight of the situation hit her, before she gasped as a terrible thought struck her.

"Wait, what if Midas is planning to make sure you fail, to make you seem incompetent and pin their deaths on us?" Vicky asked, making Jin chuckle.

"Vicky, I know my brother. As ruthless as he can be, and make no mistake, he can be brutal at times; he wouldn't hurt a child. He fucking hates children, can't stand them, finds them impossible to predict or control, but he'd never arrange for a child to die just to spite me. Not to mention, while Kaiser would likely want me dead for the failure, any alliance between the Empire and the Syndicate would be dead in the water. He has too much to lose to play such dark games," Jin said soothingly. "That doesn't mean I don't hate the fact that he just walked into my office and got me dancing to his tune; that alone was enough of a win for him. If he has to ask for my help, he can at least take solace in his ability to have me follow his orders. Smug prick."

"But you'll do it?" Vicky asked, making Jin sigh.

"It's a lose-lose situation, but while one loss hurts my pride, the other hurts everything. If I refuse and things go wrong? Do you think I'd be able to take comfort that I didn't dance to his tune as the city burns around us? Not to mention, he'd happily push the blame onto me for being so petty that I couldn't put my pride aside and accept the olive branch when my brother came to me for help," Jin sighed. "Well played, you smug cunt."

If Midas could even get Jin to dance to his tune, what chance did other people really have?

"Do you think mom will be willing to help?" Vicky asked, making Jin nod.

"I can handle Carol. She'll probably find the situation as pleasant as I do, but she is a hero at heart. Still, me, you, Carol, Sarah and Crystal won't be enough for this. That's fine; I have contacts I can call on," Jin said, rubbing his forehead as she frowned.

"Not Dad?" Vicky asked, making Jin pause.

"Ah, I didn't tell you yet. Damnit, too much is happening too fast," Jin said, looking annoyed and stressed. "I spoke with your father, and frankly, I did what your mother should have done years ago. He's been booked into a world-class mental health clinic. Frankly, his depression makes him too unreliable for this. He needs true professional help," Jin explained, making her eyes widen as a mixture of emotions overcame her.

"He'll be going away?" Vicky asked, making Jin nod.

"I'd guess for a year, at least. He'll be able to stay in touch digitally, but at the rate he is spiralling, I'd be surprised if he was still around in a year if nothing changes," Jin admitted, making her gasp at the insinuation.

"But- he isn't that-"

"Vicky, you're too close to see just how bad he really is. When you see him every day, the tiny changes aren't as obvious. He's just a tiny bit worse every day but from the outside? It's clear he needs true help beyond a thinker playing psychiatrist," Jin explained gently. "I told Amy about it, and Carol was there when I discussed it with him; I honestly thought I'd told you already."

Looking at Jin, she took in how haggard he seemed. It was hard to notice, with how composed he always was, but he had so much on his shoulders. Still, Dad getting some professional help beyond some pills he would constantly forget was a good thing; Jin was right about that. A dark part of her pointed out that he was barely there anyway; would she even notice his absence? A darker part agreed that this was something her mom should have done years ago before it got this bad.

"You're stressed," Vicky whispered, making him laugh.

"I'm constantly playing catch-up with Midas, and it's becoming clear that my focus on him is blinding me to too many other things. The Coil situation blindsided me entirely," Jin admitted, pausing as she leaned in and kissed him before she slipped into his lap.

"I can't really help with all that; this is all outside of the realm of things I can punch to make better," Vicky admitted with a self-deprecating laugh before she smiled slyly. "But I can think of a few ways to help you relax~"

Reaching up, she pulled down the top of her dress and kissed him again, feeling his hands wrap around her body to reach down and grope her ass; she grinned against his mouth. Jin was carrying so much weight, more than he ever let anyone see; the least she could do was show him how grateful she was for all his help.

– Barbara Gordon (Oracle) –

"I wondered when you would come. Here to scold me for getting manipulated?" Oracle asked as Prophet approached her. She'd expected this sooner after she got tricked by Midas into triggering Lung's rampage.

"No. You may be young, Oracle, but you aren't a child that I need to spank for misbehaving. Frankly, I planned to approach you sooner, but I've been entirely too busy," Prophet retorted. "I imagine having time to think about your actions has done more to reveal your mistakes than any scolding from me."

"You're not wrong. We got played and damn near started a gang war because of it," Oracle admitted. The room went silent, her Birds of Prey watching as Prophet walked closer. Wonder Woman also remained silent, giving Prophet a look. Wonder Woman wanted revenge for her defilement at Midas' hands, something she and Black Canary shared, and had approached her about potentially teaming up, given the PRT's seemingly unwillingness to challenge Midas. "That's not why you're here. You're planning to start your own organisation, similar to your brother's League, but for Independent Heroes, and you want us for it."

Starfire flew beside Prophet, giving them all a wave as Prophet nodded.

"Correct. Frankly, in most cases, independent heroes don't have the intel and resources to truly make a difference and often find themselves pressured into joining other organisations, whether it is the PRT or a gang," Prophet agreed easily. "You had the same idea, but on a much smaller scale. I plan to make a nationwide alliance of independents, but as you know, we're already stuck playing catch-up. The League of Villains opening its door to Rogues has already seen some independents bite the bullet and start dealing with the League, and once Midas has his claws in them, it's a slippery slope from being an independent hero dealing with the League for the intel and resources they need, getting indebted to Midas in the process, to a not-so-independent villain being aimed wherever Midas feels like."

She'd already seen evidence of this in her investigations into the League. Heroes making a deal with the devil for power upgrades, intel to take down 'more serious' villains, or other resources, getting entangled in Midas' web.

"You already have New Wave, maybe the Incredibles, given Elastigirl's visit, and I'm guessing Starfire, given her presence here," Oracle said, making Starfire nod seriously. Prophet didn't seem even remotely surprised by her admitting that she was spying on him.

"The PRT will not go after my sister, but she must be made to pay for her crimes. If only Prophet is willing to challenge his brother, then I must help him," Starfire said with sincerity.

"True, but despite my desire to recruit the Birds of Prey as founding members of my new organisation, that's not why I am here today. I need your help to both stop Coil from destroying the city and to stop Midas from making his lead so great we'll never catch up with him," Prophet admitted, making her pause.

"Midas visited you recently, and I know about the meeting he had with the PRT. He wants your help dealing with Coil," Oracle guessed, getting a nod from him. "It's a trap or one of those lovely lose-lose situations, isn't it?"

"You guessed it in one," Prophet agreed. "He wants me to help take down the Travellers and free the captives, freeing him up to disarm Coil's many traps and take Coil down, but he's also trying to make sure I'm tied up dealing with the rescue," Prophet explained. "I'm sure you can work out why."

Oracle went silent for a moment, working through all the information in front of her before she gasped.

"The blackmail. Coil has a mountain of blackmail material on damn near everyone, including the local heroes names and addresses from his infiltration of the PRT. Midas wants to stop it from being released so that he can get it for himself. Aside from Wonder Woman, the Birds aren't heavy hitters; we can't help that much against the Travellers; you want us to hit Coil and get rid of that blackmail before Midas can get it," Barbara concluded, making Prophet nod. She couldn't see his face with the facemask, but she could sense his grim smile.

"I'd give you a golden star, but I'm a little sick of gold at the moment. I did plan to ask Wonder Woman for help taking down the Travellers and to use this as a chance to get some fame for my new alliance, but if Midas gets that information? We might as well just move out of the Bay and let him have it because as much as he pretends to be the gentleman godfather figure, he wouldn't hesitate to use that blackmail to pressure everyone against his enemies, us included," Prophet agreed, making her lean back with a frown.

This was the type of job the Birds were best suited for. Infiltration and espionage were their areas of expertise, and she could tell just how bad it would be if Midas got what he wanted.

"Gentleman?" Wonder Woman scoffed. "After what he did to Black Canary and me, does he still think he can keep up this facade? He is a lustful beast, a defiler of heroines."

"Ah, but you're forgetting something, Wonder Woman. Did he force himself upon either of you?" Prophet asked, making Diana go quiet. "Or did he put you in a position where you willingly, if reluctantly, slept with him? We both know that he has a recording sitting around, just waiting for you to accuse him."

"I- he had Wonder Girl; after he captured us, he offered to free us both if I went along with his perversion," Wonder Woman admitted after a moment, shame crossing her face.

"In my case, I had to keep my cover to get out of there," Dinah admitted, scoffing. "I tried to infiltrate his organisation as a prostitute, so that's how he treated me."

"Exactly. Midas is a perverted man who gets off to power, but he wouldn't risk his persona by indulging in his desires in a way that could hurt him. If either of you went public with your experience at his hands, he'd be ready to destroy your reputations in return, with his own only getting slightly marred. Wonder Woman, the arrogant heroine who led her teenage sidekick into a villain's lair and got captured, bartering for her freedom with her own body, and Black Canary, so dedicated to her infiltration that she let herself be used like the whore she was posing as, even taking Midas' money for her services," Prophet pointed out, seeing Wonder Woman and Black Canary flinch back. "I found the recordings in his systems; I don't blame you, frankly. Better to take the money and not have it be in his hands, even if it made such a minor dent in his bank account. It's the type of situation Midas loves, where even the best possible 'victory' against him tastes like bile in your mouth. Sure, you could expose that he pressured you for sex after capturing you, but he'd respond by releasing the video of you stripping and collaring yourself, of a brute capable of breaking down walls with a punch locked in a wooden stockade. It would become a PR war, a battlefield where he excels."

"He's been waging a PR war from the start, and he's infuriatingly good at it," Oracle agreed. "We'll have to discuss joining your alliance as a team, but I do agree with you. We cannot let Midas get his hands on that information."

"As an olive branch, I'm willing to offer a power-up for every member of the Birds of Prey, along with Wonder Woman and Wonder Girl, for your assistance," Prophet offered, and she couldn't deny her interest in the famous power-ups that Prophet and Midas could grant.

Her Birds perked up as well, and even Wonder Woman couldn't hide her interest as Prophet smiled at them through his mask.

"Anything to stop your brother from winning this game, huh?" Rose asked, making Prophet chuckle.

"I am a sore loser," Prophet agreed shamelessly.

"I will assist you against these Travellers. No matter what else happens, I will not leave these children in the hands of a villain, not Coil or Midas," Wonder Woman agreed.

"I have to agree, if Midas gets his hands on blackmail material on everyone, we're fucked. He's already close to winning; we can't let him get the final piece he needs," Huntress agreed as Oracle nodded.

It would be devastating to let Midas get his hands on that much intel. Coil had been going under the radar for so long, gathering blackmail and planning for every eventuality. Midas was a master planner; what could he do with the fruits of a decade of intel gathering and networking?

He had to be stopped, even if she didn't entirely trust Prophet. Still, maybe joining this alliance was the right move to ensure that it really was exactly what Prophet claimed it was.

– Jin Yukimura (King Midas) –

Going through Coil's expansive blackmail collection, I chuckle to myself as I delete certain parts from Coil's systems. Taking control of Coil's massive network of moles and contacts has been a time-consuming process, but it will be worth it. Many of his moles don't even know they work for Coil, so absorbing them into my network is easy enough.

The important part is to remove the evidence of those I want to keep, so when the Birds get access to Coil's system and 'prevent' Midas from gaining this information, the truly vital blackmail and contacts remain undiscovered.

I cannot have the PRT know that I have access to this information. As idiotic as they may be, with the information I gave them, it won't take them long to find out just how deeply Coil had his claws in their systems. It isn't a large jump in logic to assume that I would take Coil's information for myself, which would get me a lot of heat. If they realise that I know the names and addresses of every hero and Ward in Brockton Bay, they'd be forced to take me much more seriously, even if I claim I don't plan to do anything with it.

The Birds will get the information instead, placing the PRT further into the debt of my new independent alliance and Prophet who arranged it. All part of the plan to help get the Incredibles out of the PRT's grasp and into mine. The Alliance will get a 'win' over Midas, something nobody else seems to be able to do, furthering their legitimacy.

The Travellers are a problem; they are just a bundle of issues and a disaster waiting to happen. Even with me taking the role of Trickster, guiding them is a nightmare because half of them don't even like Krouse, and I don't blame them. I plan to dismantle them entirely; some of them will be captured and taken down by the heroes, and others will be absorbed into the Syndicate. I considered just having them all killed, but I do hate wasting potential resources, especially attractive ones.

Leaning back, I let out a groan as I let myself cum, my seed being rapidly swallowed by the girl kneeling beneath my desk, a pair of green eyes staring up as Punchline swallows my cum.

Punchline is a spy, leaking information on the League to Prophet. Next to her, Circus is less eager but still willingly takes my cock into her mouth, her mask still on as I smirk down at the pair.

I hired the Jokerz to provide some extra security for my base, but I've offered each of them an additional fee for some more personal services. I've got something of a reputation among the League for my weakness for women, especially villainesses. Circus would not have accepted money to whore herself out, but she did accept for another reason.

She was Coil's spy in the League, and she used the new position to get access to more information about me. She's gotten very rich from leaking my information to Coil and is currently planning her exit from Brockton Bay, no matter who wins in the upcoming match between Coil and I.

It's not going to go the way she expects.

Everyone has a weakness; nobody is perfect. By exposing my hedonistic tendencies, I've given people an avenue to 'exploit' that weakness.

"Come on, Mista M, you've got three hot babes in your room, and you're still playing with your computer," Harley complains from my bed, making me chuckle as I close my documents.

"True, I am something of a workaholic," I admit. Harley is spying… for no one. I'm not even paying her to be here. She does want to try and get me to bust the Joker out of the Birdcage, but she's also just horny and rather easy.

"You work hard, Mista, but that just means you gotta play hard, too," Harley drawls, her Brooklyn accent becoming more pronounced, waiting in my bed in nothing but a thin red nightie as I get up and undo my shirt. "And don't worry, I can play real hard, boss."

"On your hands and knees," I demand, watching her gasp in faux-shock as she obeys, wiggling her clown booty at me as I remove my trousers and climb onto the bed, Punchline joining us and kneeling next to Harley as I grip her hips.

"No, use her pigtails," Punchline encourages, touching herself as the pair of painted villainesses prepare for a long night of fucking, my hands gripping Harley's hair roughly as I thrust into the chaotic woman, making her moan.

Distracted as I am, I pretend not to see Circus snap a picture of some files on my desk before hiding her phone in her hammerspace, moving behind me. Unlike the other two, she's only mostly naked with her mask and panties on as she moves behind me, an almost flat chest pressed against my back as they watch me start to rail Harley.

As I said, exposing a 'weakness' is just inviting people to take advantage of it. This isn't the first time Circus has 'gotten away' with stealing from me.

Her hands roam my body as she kisses my neck, encouraging me to go faster and be rougher with Harley. She doesn't like sleeping with me, but I shut down every other avenue for her to get as close as 'Coil' wanted her to, and the money soothes her wounded pride at becoming an incredibly well-paid whore.

One hand on Harley's waist and another clutching both her twin tails in my fist, I yank her hair back as I sheath myself into the tight, hot confines of this freaky clown, rutting into her with no care or consideration for her pleasure. Harley's hips come back to meet mine with each thrust, her breasts swinging from the rapid movements.

"Ugh, harder boss-man, fuck my clussy!" Harley screams, making the room go quiet for a moment.

"...clussy?" I ask, actually stopping as I look at Harley. Something tells me I don't want the answer.

"You know, Clussy? Clown Pussy?" Harley asks, flipping onto her back and looking up at me. "Ain'tcha supposed to be clever? It's just clussy, honk honk," Harley explains, 'honking' her breasts as I stare at her for a moment.

"Harley, if you ever say the word Clussy again, I'm going to shoot you," Punchline says bluntly, making Harley pout.

"But it's mrrph-" Harley tries, but I move forward and shut her up in the best way I can think.

With my dick.

With her pinned under me, I slam my hips forward as I start to fuck the mouth that said such stupid things, hoping to fuck some sense into her despite the impossibility. I wish she weren't so hot, but she is well placed on the crazy/hot scale.

"Feel free to facefuck her into unconsciousness; we don't mind," Punchline drawls, slapping Harley's tits as she watches the scene. Harley makes a sound that sounds like agreement as she chokes on my cock, my hands gripping her head as I refuse to let up and abuse her throat, making her choke and gag as I feed my dick down into her, trying to make her shut up but never quite achieving it as she makes lewd noises that fill the room.

With a groan, I cum straight down her gullet with a sigh of relief, pulling back to notice that she'd been touching herself all the while, easily swallowing my load with a lick of her lips and an exaggerated pop.

"Yummy. Please, sir, can I have some more?" Harley purrs, making me pause as I grab Circus and toss her on top of her teammate.

"You can wait your turn; don't be selfish," I say, ripping down Circus's boring sports panties and spreading her legs. She may not want this, but she plays the part well as I sheath myself inside the second clussy of the day.

…I make a note to have Harley gagged indefinitely for adding that word to my vocabulary as I start to move, Circus' tight lower lips clenching around me as I begin to hammer into her. Unlike Harley, she squeaks in discomfort before she can stop herself, and I don't hold back.

Sure, I'm the one she's spying for, but she's still a traitor, so I don't hesitate to punish her a bit. Not to mention, it helps encourage her to spy more for Coil to get back at me. Yes, I realise I'm punishing her because she accepted money from me to spy on me, but that's just my life now.

Gripping her hips, I speed up as Circus's squeak gets muffled by Harley kissing her teammate, Punchline pressing her breasts against my side as she watches and waits her turn.

– Later –

With a final grunt, I bottom out inside Circus' abused asshole and let myself climax, flooding her back passage with my seed.

She collapses onto her front, in between an equally fucked Harley and Punchline, and I climb off the bed, looking over the trio. Cum leaks from three creamed cunts, coating their bodies as Circus pants, and Punchline is flat-out asleep.

Sitting back in my chair, I snap my fingers and point down as Harley, the only one who hasn't collapsed, moves to obey my command, moving beneath my desk, taking my cum-coated cock into her mouth. Amy's alterations have saved me from being worn out by this semen demon, but I just smile smugly as I get back to work.

If Circus were awake to see what I'm looking at, she'd be very worried, but she's a little worn out and is pretending to be asleep to avoid another round. Meanwhile, five feet away, I'm sealing her fate.

Patting Harley's head as she gets to work, I smile to myself. Sometimes, it's good to be the King.

— Bonus Scene — Max Anders (Kaiser)

Before he said a single word, he could feel the tension building amongst the Empire capes.

"First of all, it is good to have you back, Brad. You and your skills have been missed," Kaiser started, seeing Hookwolf seething now that he was no longer Ivy's pet.

"Yes, all it took was us getting indebted to a chink," Krieg spat, the truest believer of the cause giving Hookwolf a dirty look. "Truly, you outdid yourself."

"You're the fuckers who told me to bring Ivy in; nobody warned me the fucking whore was a Master," Hookwolf growled back. "I'm going to rip that leafy bitch into pieces-"

"No, you are not. Ivy is officially off-limits. Her membership to the League of Villains makes her too inconvenient to attack. You will stay far away from her; we don't need the League coming to defend their own," Kaiser warned, seeing Hookwolf's rage. "Part of the deal for your release consisted of me getting you under better control. We are no longer unchallenged in strength; I cannot have you endangering the fragile peace between us and the League."

"So you rolled over for this shiny chink? You think I haven't heard that you dismantled my pit fights because he told you to, and the almighty Kaiser just said, 'Yes sir, of course; anything else you want?" Brad snarled, making Kaiser share a look with Krieg. The Gesellschaft had agreed to indoctrinate Hookwolf if he proved too unruly, even offering them a new brute to replace him. Brad didn't realise how close he was to being sent away to a training camp.

"I did not roll over, though I won't deny that Midas is very good at getting what he wants. The fact is, we treated him like another Skidmark or Lung, and we paid for it. Chink or not, he is a… worthy adversary, and one we can't afford to fight as we are now," Kaiser admitted, seeing Hookwolf spit in disgust.

"Speaking of the self-proclaimed king and rolling over," Krieg cut in smoothly. "Care to explain why my agents saw you meeting with him, Purity?"

"Because I wanted to take part in the attack on Coil, and kill the bastard myself," Purity shot back, making Krieg's eyebrows raise.

"Not very heroic of you. Are you done pretending?" Cricket mocked. Purity's return was met with very mixed results, but it was good to have her power back, even if many of the members saw her as a traitor.

"I wasn't pretending, but Coil taught me more than any of you ever did. You know he's a fucking coon under that mask? And when he kidnapped Aster, who you swore would be safe, Max, he spent weeks reminding me of just how degenerate those animals really are. Weeks of nonstop abuse, being used however that bastard felt like, while none of you even noticed what he'd done, assuming I'd just run off," Kayden spat out, the hatred clear on her face. "You're damn right that I want to murder that piece of shit with my own two hands."

It was almost funny. Kayden had lost faith in their cause, and then Coil had proven that the Empire was right.

"I take it Midas refused?" Kaiser asked, making her sigh.

"Of course, and rightly so. As long as Coil has Aster, I'm a liability. The best thing I can do to fight Coil is stay away," Kayden agreed, slumping down as Menja and Fenja went to her side. Coil may have actually done them a favour because he could almost taste Kayden's rage and hatred; now, he just needed to direct it.

"What about this peace treaty? Are we actually going for it?" Alabaster asked, making Kaiser pause as he took in the various people around the table. To no surprise, Hookwolf, Stormtiger, and Cricket seemed the most opposed to it, but he already had plans for that. If Midas saved Aster, Kayden wouldn't oppose it and, by extension, Night and Fog. Alabaster wasn't a thinker; he didn't see the pros or cons, Rune didn't care, plus Midas had impressed Menja and Fenja. He'd discussed things with Victor, and Othala would follow suit.

"I plan to, if the engagement against Coil goes as planned and Aster is returned safely. The fact is that we no longer have the most Capes; the League has us beaten, and Midas can call upon all of them. We need entry to the League, which comes with our non-aggression pact. After that, the League should not involve themselves in any fight between the Empire and the Syndicate," Kaiser explained. "Both the Herren Clan and the Gesellschaft have expressed an interest in the League and their services, with the Gesellschaft promising us more forces if we can negotiate for the League to stay out of Germany."

"But we'll be paying the bastard we'll be fighting a year later for his services," Stormtiger argued, making Kaiser nod.

"The rules of his own League bind Midas because if he breaks them, the League falls apart as people can't trust it anymore. We need upgrades to survive in this evolving cape scene, and the only options are Midas or Prophet, and Prophet would not endanger his control of New Wave by working with us. This way, both sides have the upgrades; if we decline his offer, only our enemies will," Krieg explained, making Stormtiger start to respond before sitting down thoughtfully. Stormtiger was the least opposed of the trio.

"So we're just gonna hand Rune over to the… Imps?" Cricket tried.

"I'm cool with it," Rune said with a shrug. "Honestly, a year of fucking with the Wards and causing the PRT trouble sounds like a vacation, plus a bunch of upgrades for barely doing anything?"

"You'd work with that animal that leads them?" Hookwolf mocked, though most knew he was not quite the supremacist that he pretended to be.

"I've got this magical thing called self-control. I don't have to like Imp, but I can put up with her for a year. Hell, we're getting paid well for me joining up, aren't we? I get constant upgrades from King Midas, and we get three more upgrades. Shit, I'll be more valuable to the Empire while playing delinquent than you will be with the Empire," Rune mocked back, making Hookwolf growl and move towards her.

"You-"

"Brad."

Hookwolf cut off at his stern word, spotting the way several capes had positioned themselves to protect Rune if he tried anything before he scoffed and stormed off.

"So, Lung?" Stormtiger tried, making Kaiser nod.

"Once Coil has been dealt with, it will be time to truly remove the stain that is the ABB from the city. Regardless of their race, we can all agree that the Golden Syndicate make better neighbours. One year of peace, with the city split between the Empire and the Syndicate, one year to drive the heroes and other rivals away before the true battle begins and we go to war against the Syndicate, and Brockton Bay will truly be ours," Kaiser monologued, watching the reactions carefully.

With the League being made neutral and their support from the Clans and Gesellschaft, it would not be impossible to drive the Syndicate away and succeed where no gang had ever managed to do. To achieve what his father and Marquis failed to do.

Brockton Bay would be his.

Author's Note: Only Jin would have multiple chapters of preparation to take on… himself and stop him from getting the doomsday intel dump that he already has. He's just that guy.

Written: 29/08/2024





I am entirely motivated by praise and interaction, so leave a review, and I'll probably write faster. I do read every review/comment, because it gives me the happy brain chemicals and motivates me to write more. My body is a machine that turns positive reviews into new chapters.

I have a Patreo n, where my supporters can vote on which fics get bonus chapters each cycle and have access to advance chapters, up to ten chapters ahead of the public release. Patreo n is also five chapters ahead and plat/diamond tier have voting rights for my Quest. Feel free to check it out.

I also set up a Subscribe Star as well, more or less just as a backup/test to see which I prefer. The chapters are available on Discord if you're a Patreo n and on the site directly on Subscribe Star due to the different site rules, so if you don't use Discord or have issues finding the chapters, Subscribe Star is the better choice.

The Advance Chapters
Diamond: The Warlock Ch07, The Craftsman Ch05, The Necromancer Ch07, The Celestial Remnant Ch10
Plat: The Supervillain Ch29, The High Roller Ch07, The Celestial Remnant Ch09
Gold: The Celestial Professor Ch04, The Gambler Ch14
Basic: The Illusive Mage Ch08
Quest: The Celestial Roulette Ch26, The Celestial Inquisitor Ch01-04

Links:
Patreo n. com (slash) TheDarkWolfShiro
Subscribe star. com (slash) the-dark-wolf-shiro

I have a Discord server with a bunch of other authors and a load of porn. So much porn.

Here's the link for that: discord .gg/DarkWolfShiro

If it says it's expired, it is probably your account being unable to join NSFW servers, and you'll need to fix that. If you fix that and it still says it's expired, add me (DarkWolfShiro), and I'll invite you myself.
"Sanity and happiness are an impossible combination."
― Mark Twain

​
My Discord, come here for porn and also sometimes fics: https://discord.gg/wd3tUYWVCd

My Patreon, I promise to spend any money given to me irresponsibly: https://www.patreon.com/TheDarkWolfShiro​
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Torlok, gartf, MasterZedz and 1,072 others
The Dark Wolf Shiro
Oct 7, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 29: Coiled New
View content
The Dark Wolf Shiro
The Dark Wolf Shiro
Everyone Hail to the Pumpkin King
JoinedApr 1, 2019
Messages9,336
Likes received960,957
Oct 31, 2024
Add bookmark
#4,643
Disclaimer: I own nothing but my original characters and works; all other characters and worlds belong to their respective owners. I'm just playing with them.

Betad by Mike God of Lore, Priapus, Old man of the mountain, Marethyu




The Guild of Gamers: The Supervillain
Chapter 29: Coiled

– Circus –

Waking up in Midas' bed, she shuddered at the feeling of his dried semen sticking to her inner thighs. Whoring herself out to Midas was never ideal, but she was making enough from Coil to retire far away from Brockton Bay once this was all over. She scowled at the salty taste in her mouth and the cum staining her hair and breasts.

She'd entertained him alone last night, as he'd had use for Harley and Punchline elsewhere. It wasn't ideal, as Midas liked it rough, and Harley wasn't there to take the brunt of his aggressions, but it did give her an opportunity as she slipped out of bed. Midas was a surprisingly heavy sleeper, but then again…

Midas was arrogant. He was utterly defenceless, but he was too busy thinking with his dick to care that he was letting his guard down around her. His arrogance was her profit as she moved over to his computer, limping slightly due to the way her ass was aching from last night. It wasn't locked because she'd arrived while he'd been working and he was too confident to ever assume that she'd betray him or that anyone else would get this far into his base.

Keeping an eye on the sleeping cape, she worked fast as she went through the most recent files. There it was, the plans for the raid on Coil's bases. He'd even started the outline of the plans for what to do after Coil was taken out. She didn't know who was going to win, but she knew she didn't want to be here when it happened. If Coil won, she'd likely never get his claws out of her, and if Midas won, he'd find evidence of her spying on him in Coil's systems. She'd take the money, transfer it to a Numberman account and unmask for a good long while.

She'd looked up where the League had branches, picking which countries to avoid. Some of the Mediterranean countries were looking very appealing as the League didn't have as many offices in that part of the world.

Copying his records to a flash drive hidden away in her hammerspace, she froze as she saw a single line in his post-Coil plans.

'Deal with Circus.'

Nothing else, but there was only one reason that Midas would have her name in the post-Coil plans. He knew. She glanced over at where he was still sleeping, her heart pounding in her chest. She considered attacking him but changed her mind fast as she grabbed her outfit and got dressed quickly.

Moving as quietly as possible, she moved to the door and took one last look at where Midas was still fast asleep, not a care in the world as he slept next to a traitor. Opening the door, she went to move before her finely honed senses screamed at her to dodge a mallet swinging for her head.

Dodging back, Harley gave her a wild grin as she rested the mallet on her shoulder. The ball gag Midas made her wear after the clussy incident was around her neck, unfortunately allowing her to speak again.

"It ain't nothing personal, Circy, but the boss-man don't like traitors," Harley said with a dark smile. Punchline just gave her a cruel smile.

"Don't make this too hard; you're just embarrassing yourself. Did you enjoy your drink last night?" Punchline asked, a smile on her face as Circus' eyes widened. Punchline sprayed something into the air, and immediately, Circus' body started to rebel. Punchline was a chemical tinker; she'd doped Circus with something that needed a second chemical to activate. It was a common trick for her, letting her delay the poisoning for days, and Circus could only struggle against the drowsiness as Harley swung into action.

Her supernatural reflexes failed her as the mallet struck her in the side of the face, sending her tumbling back into Midas' bedroom. As her senses failed her, Midas stared down at her with cold, knowing eyes.

"Excellent work, girls," Midas said, not a hint of sleepiness in his tone. Had he even been asleep at all? Had he laid there, knowing she was tightening the noose around her own neck? As she felt her body give up, Midas easily picked her up and tossed her over his shoulder, carrying her away.

– Jin Yukimura (King Midas) –

My little Coil gambit has paid off very well.

Even without the other benefits, it has served me well by allowing me to find traitors in the League. Coil had put out feelers to try to hire several League members to spy on me, and by taking advantage of that groundwork, I managed to convince several League members to betray me. Circus is the most noteworthy, but several minor capes took money to spy on the League. They will pay for that betrayal; examples have to be made.

I've already arranged for a replacement member of the Jokerz, and Punchline is currently sweating behind that smile because she's starting to wonder. If I knew that Circus was spying for Coil, do I know that Punchline is spying for Prophet?

I'll let her marinate in her fear for a while as she watches Circus be punished for her betrayal. This little gambit has given me the perfect opportunity to clean house, and I plan to take full advantage of it.

– Carol Dallon (Brandish) –

The fact that they were dancing to Midas' tune made her scowl, even as she flew towards Coil's mercenaries in her ball form. Yes, she knew that it was important to rescue both the child of Kaiser and the Mayor's niece to remove Coil's leverage, but doing it on Midas' request just made the entire thing feel slimy.

Amy was following behind them, guarded by Wonder Girl and Glory Girl, the twin blondes serving as the healer's bodyguards. Midas had found information that the girls had been drugged with some tinkertech concoction to ensure their… obedience. Amy wanted to be a part of this despite the risks, and she could purge the drugs from the hostages' systems. Plus, having the healer there meant they were in less danger.

It did mean that she was being doubly sure that the thugs went down and stayed down. Prophet had managed to disable a lot of Coil's security system, but that left the more physical defences.

Wonder Woman jumped in front of her, shield raised as something struck it hard, bouncing off Wonder Woman's shield as the powerful heroine glared towards a man in a red bodysuit.

Ballistic, one of the Travellers. Midas had been right; Coil had sent them to watch the hostages.

Before Wonder Woman could speak, a… cyborg triceratops charged towards her, bursting through one of the walls, making Wonder Woman's eyes widen before they jumped into action.

Prophet had given them all files on the Travellers; this had to be one of Genesis' projections. Lady Photon sent a beam of light towards Ballistic, who retaliated by sending a metal pipe firing at her at incredible speed. Instantly, a red and golden forcefield appeared in front of Lady Photon, the pipe bouncing off it even as the forcefield broke.

Laserdream's forcefields were far more durable after Prophet had upgraded her, able to withstand any hit, even if they'd break after it. Before, that pipe would have blasted through the shield like it wasn't even there.

Lady Photon sent a proud smile toward her daughter before she focused. Sarah had gotten her own upgrade in preparation for this fight, and with ease, she shifted her entire body into a bolt of white energy that shot forward at speeds approaching the speed of light, laughably faster than she could fly before.

The beam struck Ballistic, sending him tumbling back as Lady Photon shifted back and started using her forcefields to lock him inside a sphere of light. Laserdream joined her mother in capturing Ballistic, who shot some ball bearings against the forcefield before he shouted in pain. He was not the smartest man, clutching his injured body after the ball bearings bounced off and struck him.

Wonder Woman decapitated the unholy techno-dinosaur as Starfire held it down, aware that it was not real and having no reason to hold back.

Genesis wasn't here in person, but it would put her out of commission for a while if the reports were right.

Moving forward, they bulldozed their way over the remaining mercenaries as they moved through the base. Midas had supplied them with a map, marking the most likely place where the hostages were being kept.

Bursting into the room, she froze as she spotted the leader of the Travellers. The top-hat-wearing man had a knife to the throat of Dinah Alcott. The eleven-year-old girl was obviously drugged and almost naked, as she'd been stripped down to nothing but a pair of panties with a teddy bear on the front.

"Stay back, and this doesn't have to get messy," Trickster spat, the last few mercenaries holding the white-haired child and the toddler, who was probably Kaiser's daughter, at gunpoint. A power-armoured Tinker was standing beside Trickster, who she identified as Chariot, one of Coil's capes.

"You are surrounded; Coil is being taken down as we speak. Give up, and this doesn't have to be so bad for you," Wonder Woman barked, and as Trickster went to speak, Chariot made a move.

From his armour, a thick purple mist came out and engulfed the surprised mercs, his armoured fist grabbing Trickster's arm and snapping it, making him drop the knife as he screamed in pain and confusion. His confusion didn't last long, Chariot punching him in the back of the head with a powered fist and knocking him out.

"Wait, chill out!" Chariot said, raising his hands. "It was just a sedative; I work for Midas. He knew this would happen."

Of fucking course he did.

"That was reckless, young man. What if the mercenaries had fired?" Lady Photon asked, arms crossed.

"Nah, they couldn't. Midas designed a localised EMP that disabled their weapons. He's good at fucking with Tinkertech," Chariot said, grabbing one of the guns and holding it in the air as he pulled the trigger. It didn't fire at all, making Carol sigh even as Amy moved forward to help the kids. Fucking Midas.

"How long have you worked for Midas?" Carol asked, making Chariot run a hand across his armoured head, almost sheepish.

"Like a week? Look, Coil paid well and got me some good gear, but nobody said anything about kidnapping kids or blowing up the city. This got way too intense for me, you know?" Chariot admitted, confirming her suspicions that there was probably a teenager under that mask. "I don't even really work for Midas; I'm not part of the League or anything. He just offered to help me get out of Coil's grip. It was fine at the start, but Coil doesn't let people go easily, you know? He knows who I am under my mask, and when I tried to get out, he threatened my mom."

"Have you tried not working for villains in the first place?" Vicky scoffed, making Chariot rub his neck.

"Yeah, hindsight is a bitch. But a Tinker has gotta Tinker, and I didn't want to get grabbed by any of the gangs. Let's just say the Empire would love me right up until I took off my helmet," Chariot laughed. "Plus, Coil got me before the Syndicate showed up, and I couldn't get out to join the League."

Ignoring the idiot, she moved up to Amy and watched her adopted daughter work. Amy looked up at her, a scowl on her lips.

"They'll be fine, but I put them to sleep. The drug they were under was strong, and going straight to being clean would be a shock to their systems. Better for them to sleep it off," Amy explained, making Carol nod, giving her daughter a proud nod. "I've removed the addiction. Luckily, the toddler wasn't on anything since it would probably have killed her. Dinah and Eri have had that shit in their systems for ages, Eri more so, but beyond that, I couldn't find any signs of abuse. No physical or sexual abuse, at least. I can't speak for their mental states."

"Good work, Amy," Carol said, seeing the brief look of surprise on Amy's face as she nodded. "We're done here. Photon, send word to the other teams that we succeeded in our part but didn't see Sundancer or Genesis, just her projection. Laserdream, can you secure Trickster and Ballistic for the PRT?"

"Yeah, no worries," Crystal agreed, pulling out a blindfold. Trickster's power needed eyesight, and Crystal got to work putting him in the same bubble as Ballistic (who Amy reluctantly healed before she put him to sleep as well).

"Err, I don't suppose you can put a good word in with the PRT for me? I didn't wanna join the Wards, but I think I'm done with villains," Chariot asked awkwardly. "Don't get me wrong, Midas seems nice, but so did Coil, and it went from 'make this' to 'hold these children hostage in the bunkers that are rigged to blow up'."

"...please tell me this place isn't about to explode," Lady Photon asked with a calm tone.

"Oh, no. I disabled that as well. See, I'm helpful, right? No need to throw me in jail," Chariot joked as they waited for the PRT to arrive. Midas had arranged for them to stay out of things due to how infiltrated their organisation was by Coil, but they still had some use. Prophet himself was working as the coordinator since he could do more with the information coming in if he wasn't in the field himself.

Still, one blow to Coil. Dinah and Eri were going to the PRT, but the unnamed child was going to be picked up by Midas' people to be given back to her parents. Carol scowled at that, but she wasn't about to try to kidnap Kaiser's child.

– Rose Wilson (Ravager) –

Knocking out the mercenary, she watched as Babs worked at the computer. It was strange to see Batgirl in action again after Babs had put so much effort into pretending to still be a cripple, but Babara didn't want to risk trying to guide them through hacking into Coil's systems.

Huntress and Cassandra both kept watch. This really was the perfect job for them because they all specialised in infiltration and espionage. With all of Coil's bases being hit by the League, Coil's mercs didn't have time to reinforce this base, even if any of the guards they'd knocked out managed to get off a signal.

"How bad is it?" Huntress asked, watching Batgirl go over the mountain of intel that they were copying and erasing from Coil's systems.

"So far? The identities of every hero in Brockton Bay, along with their home addresses and family members. Including us, by the way. An ungodly amount of blackmail on PRT agents, government employees and more. Prophet was right; I don't want to think about what Midas could have done with all this," Barbara admitted, making Rose frown.

Was Prophet really fighting against Midas? That was the big question: were the brothers truly enemies? She, of all people, knew that family didn't always get along.

"We've got company," Barbara said, gesturing to the security cameras as Rose's eyes widened at the sight of a very familiar man moving through the base silently, followed by a blonde girl.

Deathstroke and Terra.

Midas had sent them to get the data for himself.

"How long do you need?" Rose asked, all business.

"Four minutes to finish purging the data; they'll be here in one," Barbara replied, making Rose nod as she shared a look with Huntress, Black Canary and Cassandra.

Cass made some hand movements, giving her a concerned look as Rose laughed.

"Appreciate the offer, Cass, but I'm not worried about facing my old man," Rose explained, drawing her sword. "I'm looking forward to it."

Prophet had given them all a boost, but hers was less useful one-on-one. Her power gave her a combat precog against a single opponent, letting her see what they'd do a second in advance. It was useful, but she could still be blindsided if she faced multiple people. Prophet had given her his magic touch and gave her a general danger sense that worked even if she wasn't focusing on the attacker, helping her avoid getting blindsided while she was using her power on one person.

Moving out, the Birds headed to intercept her father, a smile on her lips as she prepared for a rematch.

– Marissa "Mars" Newland (Sundancer) –

She'd been kept in reserve to protect Noelle and Jessica's body, not wanting the attacks to accidentally unleash Noelle. She heard from the mercenaries radio as Krouse and Luke were attacked, unable to help as they lost contact with that base.

"Stop struggling. The boss doesn't want you dead, but don't think I'll hesitate if you make so much as a spark," Blackfire warned as Star Sapphire bound both Jessica and Marissa in violet chains.

"You don't understand, you can't go in there. Noelle is-" Marissa tried, the chains tightening around her.

"No, you don't understand. We don't plan to go into your pet monster's den," Star Sapphire scoffed as a short girl in a gas mask and black trenchcoat moved forward. "Is it ready?"

"It is. This place is ready to blow; we need to get out of here," the girl replied, a slight Asian accent clear in her voice. They were going to kill Noelle…

She struggled, but sick of the complaints, Blackfire just punched her in the face hard, her head snapping back as she desperately clung onto consciousness. She was almost certain that Blackfire had just broken her nose, her head swimming as she tried to stay awake. As she failed, she sent a silent apology to Noelle, knowing that she'd failed.

"Good work, Bakuda. If this works as promised, you'll have proven your worth," Midas' silky smooth voice said over a radio. She heard the young girl scoff and say something, but Marissa couldn't make it out as she passed out.

– Kayden Anders (Purity) –

Pacing around the League hotel, she checked her watch again. She should be out there, helping, but she also knew that Midas was right not to want to risk anything by letting her get involved.

Max sat patiently, seemingly unphased by the fact that his daughter was out there in the hands of Coil. But then, she'd come to realise how heartless and pathetic Kaiser really was. She couldn't believe she'd ever loved the fool when all she felt for him now was contempt.

The door opened, her head snapping to it as Midas walked in, her eyes locking on the toddler in his hands.

She rushed forward, and Midas offered her Aster immediately, a distasteful look on his face. He was not fond of children, and he wiped away some snot that had gotten on his suit as she cooed at Aster, who cried happily at the sight of her.

"Was she harmed?" Max asked, making Kayden look to Midas for the answer.

"No, fortunately. The other captives had been subjected to tinkertech drugs, but it seemed he was at least smart enough to realise that Aster would not survive being drugged at her age. Panacea claims she found no sign of abuse, and I trust her expertise in the subject," Midas replied easily, making her let out a sigh of relief as she hugged Aster tighter.

"And Coil?" Max asked as she fussed over her daughter. Midas snapped his fingers, and two of his minions entered the room, dragging an all-too-familiar figure behind them. Unmasked, Coil was still wearing the rest of his black and white bodysuit, bloodied and bruised, as he stared at them defiantly.

"His bombs have been disarmed; his organisation is being dismantled as we speak," Midas explained as Coil was tossed to the floor. He went to rise, but Midas simply placed his foot on Coil's back and forced him to the ground. "We all agreed that Coil had to die; the only question is which of us gets the honour of putting this snake down for good."

"He's mine," Kayden growled, handing Aster over to one of the minions. Max blinked at her just deciding to give Aster to a stranger instead of him but he didn't speak as she turned to the man. "Can you take her outside, please?"

The man, a large, bald white man, looked toward Midas, who simply nodded once.

"D-don't act like you didn't moan like a whore for me," Coil spat out, coughing up some blood as Kayden started to glow. He was clearly badly injured, barely clinging to his consciousness.

"I do hope you aren't planning to unleash a blast inside my hotel," Midas drawled, making her freeze as she turned to him. Midas reached into his jacket and pulled out a fancy-looking pistol, handing it over. "It's easier to clean gunshots, and you can't afford the repairs. This room is worth more than your house."

Despite her rage, she just snorted at his candid, calm words as she aimed the pistol at Coil's head.

Her rapist just stared back, but as he went to speak, she pulled the trigger and put a bullet clean through his skull. Then she kept pulling the trigger, emptying the clip into Coil's body until the pistol clicked, telling her it was out of ammo.

Handing the gun back, she gave Midas a grateful look as she spat on Coil, heading to the door to get her daughter back. She heard Midas order the other minions to incinerate the body before he started to talk with Kaiser, but her mind was elsewhere as she cuddled with Aster, happy the rooms here were soundproofed. Aster was safe and back in her arms; that was all that mattered. Midas had brought her daughter back to her.

Max left several minutes later, and the pair headed to the car and waited outside. Not once did Max check on his daughter as they got into the car and headed back towards Empire territory. The moment they were alone, he was back to business as he made several calls, spreading the news that the Empire and the Syndicate were officially at peace.

It was time to prepare to take out the ABB.

With every minute of him ignoring the daughter that had been held hostage by a sociopathic rapist, her anger at him grew. Whatever lingering guilt she'd had over betraying Max and agreeing to be Midas' agent in the Empire faded away.

Midas' suggestive words, the offer to show her what it really felt like to be submissive to an impressive man. Max would hate it, even if they were separated. He still saw her as his, and he'd be furious if Midas took her from him…

Good.

– Emily Piggot –

Despite the PRT being essentially told to fuck off and not get involved, they'd been all hands on deck, ready for anything to go wrong.

But, as arrogant and frustrating as Midas and Prophet could be, they ran a good operation. She wasn't too proud to acknowledge that. The PRT had even profited from this colossal shitshow.

Mayor Alcott knew his niece was only alive because of Midas, which was a bad look, but Dinah would be joining the Wards, and she was a powerful pre-cog thinker. Watchdog already wanted to get their hands on her. Eri was downright dangerous and very traumatised by both her captivity and her past.

Finally, Chariot. Trevor Medina, a dumb teenager who'd gotten in too deep when he'd figured he could handle Coil. He was on probation, obviously, but he was also a very talented transport Tinker. On the bright side, he seemed to have gotten the hint that dealing with villains was a mistake, choosing to join the Wards instead of going with Midas.

Then there was the new problem. Sure, the Independent Alliance was their ally on paper, but she still didn't trust Prophet, and having him follow in his brother's footsteps really didn't help with that.

New Wave, the Birds of Prey, Starfire, Wonderwoman and Wonder Girl. It was a good start, and the Alliance had just proven their skill and worth by rescuing a high-profile hostage from a villain and taking part in saving Brockton Bay from Coil.

The PRT wanted to keep it quiet, but Midas had already announced their victory on PHO, with a lot of evidence. None of the evidence unmasked Coil, but there was enough there for the armchair Thinkers to realise that Coil had to have some connection to the PRT. It was another black mark on their faces, while Midas and Prophet looked like the heroes of the day, disarming Coil's bombs and putting a stop to his plans.

The League showed their power to take down rivals, and the Independent Alliance got some amazing PR for their debut. This would make recruiting people harder for the PRT, since Prophet obviously intended for the Alliance to spread its wings much like the League had. They'd already snatched Starfire out from under them after Gallant had worked hard to try and convince Starfire to join them.

And then there was the dossier. Coil's blackmail documents, secured by the Independent Alliance. She'd wanted to shoot Calvert when she found out just how large it was, and it had nearly ended up in the hands of Midas.

Names, faces, home addresses- it had everyone's identities, and if it got out, the PRT would lose the faith of their own capes for failing to protect them. Not to mention the names of hundreds of moles, along with the blackmail Coil used to keep them in line. The PRT was currently working to arrest all the traitors in its own organisation.

If Prophet hadn't recruited the Birds of Prey, Midas would have gotten it, as they'd had to fight Deathstroke and Terra to secure it. They'd been driven off by the empowered villains when reinforcements arrived, but not before Oracle, or Batgirl again now, had managed to purge Coil's records and escape with the only copy. No matter how gentlemanly Midas acted, if he had gotten his hands on this dossier? Well, the PRT would have had to lie back and think of Earth Bet as Midas fucked them as much as he wanted.

This meant the PRT owed the new Alliance a lot, and Prophet knew it. Batgirl claimed that Prophet had never seen the information himself, but that was a tiny silver lining on one big fucking storm cloud. Prophet, who they already were desperate to get power upgrades from, now had them in his debt. That wasn't even mentioning the fact that Panacea was now in his Alliance, and they'd have to negotiate with him to keep using her services.

Only the other Directors knew just how devastating Coil's blackmail documents had been, but they also had mentioned something else. This was the first time that Midas had lost. Sure, he'd taken out Coil, but his true goal, the documents he wanted for himself to cripple the PRT, had been snatched away.

Prophet and the Independent Alliance had beaten King Midas and his League of Villains. For the first time, Midas didn't get what he wanted. That alone gave the Alliance a lot of legitimacy and helped dispel the fears that Prophet was working with his brother. Prophet didn't have a copy of the blackmail material; he never even saw the drive that Batgirl had saved it to, so he hadn't squirrelled away a copy for his brother. No, Prophet had genuinely denied Midas something that would have assured his victory.

Batgirl had her own suspicions about Prophet; she wouldn't share anything she remembered and hadn't kept a copy for herself. Was Prophet really only focused on stopping his brother?

Of course, even when Midas 'lost', it still had him winning. This victory against Coil had gained him a lot, including a worrying alliance with the Empire. He'd gained Coil's wealth, territory, and who knew what else, but his true prize had been snatched from his fingers. She could only imagine how angry Midas must be after this.

Despite the utter mess that this entire thing had been, she'd take comfort in that, at the very least.

– Jin Yukimura (King Midas) –

"Go on, you can handle it," Harley cheers, her hands on her new teammate's shoulders as she pushes the younger girl down onto my cock. A dusky-grey pussy splits open as my cock sinks into Jinx's teenage cunt, the pink-haired girl wrapping her arms around my shoulders to brace herself as she loses her virginity with an audience.

Given how perfectly everything has gone, I decided I deserve a reward, and replacing Circus will keep the Jokerz useful to me. My hands grip her skinny waist as I guide her further down until she has taken my entire cock, her eyes widening and her mouth hanging open.

Harley takes that as an invitation, kissing the younger girl as Punchline leans against me, kissing my neck. She hides her nervousness well, even as she realises the danger she's in.
I've gotten to work capturing all the capes who were spying for Coil, and she's had a front-row seat to me disciplining them along with Circus. She knows it's only a matter of time until I find out about her; she heard me discussing a mole hunt with the other higher-ranking members of the League. The noose is tightening around her neck, and she knows it.

She doesn't show it as she slips onto her knees, fondling and suckling on my balls as Jinx starts to ride me. Bouncing in my lap, Jinx gasps into Harley's mouth as I play with her small grey breasts, making sure to keep the teen on the edge of her climax.

Lifting her lithe body, I carry her over to the bed and toss her onto it, never letting my cock slip free of her tight, grey pussy before I mount her, one leg hooked around my waist as I start to pound the newest member of the clown crew into my bed. Harley cheers, clapping at the sight as Punchline lays next to her new teammate, naked and ready for her turn.

Circus probably wishes she was in my bed, despite her distaste for it, but she has a new bed in my cells, currently sleeping after her operation. [The Science of Slavery] gives me plenty of ways to keep people in line, and Circus is the lucky first person to get my prototype slave chip implanted into her spine.

I don't care that she was spying on me for me; she betrayed me and tried to outsmart me. Her punishment has only just begun.

But that's for later; it wouldn't be fair to Jinx to be distracted during her induction, would it?

– Katsumi Bakugou (Bakuda) –

Returning to her cell, she put her trenchcoat away as she looked around the lab that served as her prison. It blew anything the ABB had ever offered her out of the waters, but then Midas took having the best in everything very seriously.

'You are the solution to the world's biggest problem, Katsumi, and what did Lung have you doing? Giving Oni Lee new and exciting ways to blow himself up. I want to see what you can do when you are given the resources you need to reach your potential.'

Lung had never really respected her; she'd just been a way to make Oni Lee more dangerous. A tool for his tool. Midas saw her as so much more than that- saw what she could become.

The Endbringers, her targets. It was a long-term project, but she would succeed where everyone else had failed. She was even working on special explosive bullets that would end the threat of the Slaughterhouse Nine. She wouldn't be the one to deliver the blow, but she would get the credit. The world would know that she was the best Tinker, better than Dragon or Hero.

Midas saw her potential; she could almost forgive him for kidnapping her as she got to work with a crazed smile on her lips. He couldn't leave someone as powerful as her in the hands of his enemies; of course, he couldn't. The upgrades he'd given her nearly made up for the rough recruitment, and when she killed an Endbringer, her name would go down in history.

Putting in a request for a very rare chemical, she laughed as Midas sent back a confirmation less than an hour later, telling her it would be delivered to her lab within the next two days. Yeah, Midas was a far better employer than Lung, which was why she felt no guilt over the bomb sitting in her lab, custom-made to kill the dragon.

The world would know her name, even if it meant she had to work with Midas to make it happen.

— Bonus Scene — Noelle Meinhardt

Looking down at her legs, she stared at them in utter disbelief.

"H-how?" Noelle asked, looking back up at Midas, who was sitting behind his desk.

"I have many talents, Miss Meinhardt. Acquiring you a new body was child's play. Your original body has been destroyed, as your uncontrolled power was a threat to my city. I will not apologise for removing your powers, though I suspect you do not mind," Midas said with a slight smirk.

"W-what happens to us now?" Marissa asked, looking nervous as Jessica did the same.

"Ballistic has been sent to a high-security prison, as has Perdition. Despite your unfortunate circumstances, the Travellers are responsible for a considerable amount of deaths," Midas explained, making them all wince, guilt overcoming her. "Trickster, as your leader, has taken much of the fall. He is Birdcage-bound."
Noelle felt her heartache. What crimes he'd committed, he did for her sake… but she knew there was no getting out of the Birdcage. Their crimes had finally caught up to them.

"Sundancer and Genesis will be joining the Syndicate as payment for me not handing you over to the PRT. And frankly, Miss Meinhardt, you owe me a lot. That body did not come cheap, and you work for me until you have paid it off," Midas said, his tone blunt and merciless. "You each owe a debt to me, and I intend to collect."

They shared a look, even as Noelle wondered what he could want her for. Without her power, she was just a regular girl. But… Midas had given her some semblance of normality back. She was no longer a malformed abomination; she had legs and wouldn't be a death sentence to anyone who got close to her anymore.

It was a bittersweet moment, given that Krouse would never see her like this, but she couldn't help but feel an intense amount of gratitude toward the pragmatic villain sitting in front of her.

Marissa nodded to Jessica, who touched her healed legs with a mixed expression on her face before they turned back. There was some negotiation over their new employment, but none of them were good at negotiations; Krouse used to handle it, and Midas had them dancing in his palms.

Despite it all, she couldn't bring herself to mind.

– Jin Yukimura –

After leaving my new recruits to settle in, I make my way to the teleporter connecting my bases. Chariot was a good acquisition, making movement between my bases far smoother as I teleport to my new main base.

On an allegedly abandoned island in the Caribbean, my minions work hard to expand our new lair. It even has a volcano that we use to power the place, like a true supervillain. Reaching the deepest part, I smile to myself.

Noelle's original body lays there, unmoving and mindless. The tech I used for this isn't quite the same as the one that I used to allow me to control multiple bodies. Noelle's mind is here, but she has been locked out of her own body. As far as she knows, that new body (made by Amy and implanted by me) is her only body.

But her power was far too useful for me to just give it up. Chuckling to myself, I close the cell with a smile.

Author's Note: This fic genuinely gives me a headache to write despite how much I love it. There are so many moving parts going on at any one moment, Jin is in four places at once and always up to some bullshit, and there are twenty schemes active at once.

Both Jinx and Bakuda haven't been mentioned in 10+ chapters, but I didn't forget them. This fic just has too much going on, thanks to Jin's personality.

Marethyu's Note: personalities

Written: 22/09/2024





I am entirely motivated by praise and interaction, so leave a review, and I'll probably write faster. I do read every review/comment, because it gives me the happy brain chemicals and motivates me to write more. My body is a machine that turns positive reviews into new chapters.

I have a Patreo n, where my supporters can vote on which fics get bonus chapters each cycle and have access to advance chapters, up to ten chapters ahead of the public release. Patreo n is also five chapters ahead and plat/diamond tier have voting rights for my Quest. Feel free to check it out.

I also set up a Subscribe Star as well, more or less just as a backup/test to see which I prefer. The chapters are available on Discord if you're a Patreo n and on the site directly on Subscribe Star due to the different site rules, so if you don't use Discord or have issues finding the chapters, Subscribe Star is the better choice.

The Advance Chapters
Diamond: The Celestial Escalation Ch02, The Tamer Ch15, The Celestial Escalation Ch01, The Vampire Ch12
Plat: The Supervillain Ch30, Guide to Freedom Ch14, The Operative Ch07
Gold: The Warlock Ch07, The Craftsman Ch05
Basic: The Necromancer Ch07, The Celestial Remnant Ch10
Quest: The Celestial Inquisitor Ch03-07

Links:
Patreo n. com (slash) TheDarkWolfShiro
Subscribe star. com (slash) the-dark-wolf-shiro

I have a Discord server with a bunch of other authors and a load of porn. So much porn.

Here's the link for that: discord .gg/DarkWolfShiro

If it says it's expired, it is probably your account being unable to join NSFW servers, and you'll need to fix that. If you fix that and it still says it's expired, add me (DarkWolfShiro), and I'll invite you myself.
"Sanity and happiness are an impossible combination."
― Mark Twain

​
My Discord, come here for porn and also sometimes fics: https://discord.gg/wd3tUYWVCd

My Patreon, I promise to spend any money given to me irresponsibly: https://www.patreon.com/TheDarkWolfShiro​
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Jebbedaiah, Torlok, gartf and 1,111 others
The Dark Wolf Shiro
Oct 31, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 30: Guarding the Youth New
View content
The Dark Wolf Shiro
The Dark Wolf Shiro
Everyone Hail to the Pumpkin King
JoinedApr 1, 2019
Messages9,336
Likes received960,957
Nov 21, 2024
Add bookmark
#4,701
Disclaimer: I own nothing but my original characters and works; all other characters and worlds belong to their respective owners. I'm just playing with them.

Betad by Mike God of Lore, Priapus, Old man of the mountain, Marethyu, Beans




The Guild of Gamers: The Supervillain
Chapter 30: Guarding the Youth

– Jin Yukimura (King Midas) –

I have quite a few powers at this point, but one that continually surprises me with how useful it is has been [The Roads to be Travelled]. Don't get me wrong, I knew from the start that the power to know where someone is going to be for the next day was going to be useful, but it's laughably surpassed my expectations.

It isn't flashy; in fact, it's the kind of power that nobody will ever know I have, but that just makes it all the more powerful as I study the map of Brockton Bay, monitoring the 'paths' of my various targets. See, I've discovered that my own actions can alter the paths people will take, and with a little scheming, I can arrange for someone to be alone for a brief moment where I'll be waiting for them.

Or better yet, I can arrange for two people who really have no business meeting to just happen to pass through the same spot at the same time.

With Coil 'dealt with' and his territory carved up by me and Kaiser, there's a moment of uneasy peace in the city. The ABB won't let it last; they know the danger of an alliance between the Empire and Syndicate, but Lung has been keeping his cards close to his chest. The PRT is in full paranoia mode, but really, they're focusing on the wrong things.

See, they're convinced that I'm going to lead a villain revolt and drive them out of the city, but again, they're just not paying enough attention. It's no wonder I had to become my own rival.

See, the PRT has one major weakness. Okay, that's a lie. It has several hundred, but it has one thing that truly holds it back.

It's a bureaucracy.

All those rules and red tape, their bosses hovering over them at all times, the risk of funding being pulled away if they don't toe the line. I don't need to drive them out. Not when I can have them hang themselves with their own red tape.

Watching a pair of paths on the map, I open up my app and get to work. The technology I use to pull off my multiple bodies trick is impressive, but it's far from all the tools that the Cyberpunk Tech Base gave me. I have subtler ways of influencing people rather than just replacing them entirely.

Smiling to myself, I get to work. Screwing over the Protectorate is always a pleasure, but doing it in a way that places all the blame on Kaiser and his Empire is so much better.

As if I'd ever actually give him Hookwolf back.

Once today is done, Kaiser will wish he'd put Hookwolf down like the mad dog that he is.

– Dean Stansfield (Gallant) –

Once again on a PR patrol, Dean hid his sighs. The Independent Alliance had changed things, but there were two members that stuck out to him. After his argument with Vicky over Starfire, his ex-girlfriend had completely ghosted him.

She'd seen him at a mall a few days ago and had just walked past without even giving him a second glance as she'd chatted with Amy. The one bright side was that Amy was definitely doing better, as that growing bundle of stress had been untangled.

Prophet was many things, but Dean was fairly certain that despite his depravity, he actually wanted what was best for the people around him. Amy was clearly much happier now that Prophet was assisting New Wave. He'd heard that she'd cut down her hospital hours a lot, on Prophet's 'advice'. Of course, Prophet was also fucking Dean's ex-girlfriend, so Dean wasn't feeling too grateful to him.

The second was Starfire herself. When Starfire was being approached for recruitment, she'd needed a careful hand because the eccentric new cape was both very traumatised and extremely powerful, which was never a good combination. He'd been the one told to spend time with Starfire and slowly bring her around to the idea of joining the Wards.

Of course, Vicky mistook his work for attraction to the admittedly scantily-clad girl, which had been the nail in the coffin for their relationship as she dove headfirst into a relationship with an older man to spite him.

So, having Starfire tell him that she'd decided not to join the Wards after so much work was aggravating. Learning that she was doing so on Prophet's advice just felt like a slap across the face. He understood her reasons, given that the PRT had a policy to avoid conflict with the League and by extension, her sister.

He knew enough about Kory's background to fully understand why she was so obsessed with chasing down her sister, and the Alliance was the only group that seemed to be challenging Midas and his ever-growing influence. It didn't make it sting less.

Speaking of stinging…

Aurora walked beside him, and while her mask hid her face, he could already tell she was scowling under it. Taylor had been a PR nightmare for them to try and make 'public friendly' because she was a walking biblical plague.

It wasn't that the PRT didn't want to make full use of her powers, but having a Ward that could summon a nightmarish swarm of bugs was a PR challenge. They'd built her a vivarium and imported a large number of butterflies for her to control, but she was chafing under their restrictions.

In many ways, Taylor felt like Amy used to, though for different reasons. Taylor was a pressure cooker turned up way too high. Sophia's war of terror on Taylor had come out after Sophia had escaped, and while they were pursuing legal action against the bullies and the school itself, with Taylor transferring to Arcadia, things were going extremely slow.

Plus, the Unwritten Rules meant that they couldn't go for Sophia when she was unmasked because that would just give Midas more ammunition to use against them. Some PRT agents even thought that was why Midas had taken Sophia back, to use her as bait for them.

He knew Taylor had already brought up the idea of trying to get Prophet to alter her power into something more heroic, but these things moved very slowly, and a lot of Protectorate heroes wanted to be on that waiting list.

There was a genuine worry that the PRT would see people leaving to join the Alliance as it grew in size just for better access to Prophet. The League hadn't been shy about its empowerment of villains, and it was sending ripples throughout the cape world.

So, Taylor was currently stuck on a waiting list that wasn't moving anytime soon. That, plus the way Sophia was mostly getting away with her torment, had only added to Taylor's discontent.

Sophia's old handler had gotten hit hard, and the principal of Winslow High had been fired and lost her retirement fund to pay for the damages to the Hebert family. But the trio?

Emma Barnes' father had been dragging things out, and he seemed to be getting way too much support. Naturally, people assumed that Midas was responsible and was keeping his pet vigilante out of trouble, but they had no way of knowing if that was the truth.

Sure, they'd gotten a slap on the wrist and suspension at school. Sophia wasn't on the track team anymore, and Emma had lost her modelling gig thanks to the bad rumours. But beyond that, they were doing fine. Taylor saw that as unfair, and Dean couldn't disagree as he tried to engage the cagey girl in small talk.

Tried.

Kid flew on ahead, entirely used to showing off his fancy hoverboard and wowing the public on these patrols. As the leader of this patrol, Dean should have called him back, but he didn't bother. Sure, they were on the edge of Empire territory, but he had been on hundreds of these, and nothing had ever happened. His time would be better spent trying to unwind the bundle of tension that was Taylor Hebert.

Somehow, he felt like he would have a better chance trying to defuse a bomb while blindfolded, but after failing to help Amy and letting her fall into Prophet's hands, he didn't plan to fail again.
After all, Kid was barely ten meters ahead in a safe part of the city; what was the worst that could happen?

– Emily Piggot (Later) –

"Do we have an ETA on Panacea?" Emily barked, cursing whichever trickster god had it out for her.

"Seven minutes. I contacted Prophet myself. Glory Girl and Lady Photon are bringing Panacea here, but she was out when this happened and had to be collected first," Renick replied, and she felt her scowl grow deep at the reminder of Prophet.

Panacea was now a member of the Independent Alliance, which meant that whenever they needed her services, they had to deal with Prophet. This entire mess had shown Prophet just how much they needed access to Panacea, and it gave him another way to grab them by the balls.

How the fuck had this happened?

"Director, Chief Director Costa-Brown is on the line," someone shouted, making her nod as she took a deep breath. She wasn't any use hovering over the mangled Ward.

"Explain."

The moment she picked up her phone, Costa Brown was already barking at her.

"Kid Win is stabilised. Panacea is on her way. He should make a full recovery-" Emily started, trying to play down the nightmare in her hands.

"Full recovery? Emily, a Ward just got blendered by Hookwolf on live TV. Do you have any idea how bad this looks? How this is going to affect the entire PRT?" Rebecca almost growled. "The Youth Guard are already on full alert to your city after the mess with Shadow Stalker. A Ward turning villain was bad enough, but for another to be so badly hurt in the same town so soon after?!"

Everything that could have gone wrong had. Kid Win broke the regular patrol pattern to do tricks on his hoverboard. A news reporter happened to be in the area, and the camera turned to him… and then Hookwolf nearly killed him, seemingly by accident.

Oni Lee had evidently been caught in Empire territory and was being chased out by Hookwolf. Instead of going the longer way toward ABB turf, Lee had retreated to the PRT-patrolled areas, likely in the hopes that the PRT would take him down or drive him off, as Lee could escape them far easier than Hookwolf.

Instead, Hookwolf hadn't even noticed Kid in his rage. The Thinkers believed that Hookwolf had a concussion from being caught in the blast of several tinkertech grenades and genuinely hadn't noticed Kid Win until it was too late.

It also revealed that the ABB had some tinkertech grenades, but they'd found evidence that Coil had already assassinated the teenage tinker that had made them.

Of course, if they'd known that a cape fight was happening so close to their patrol routes, they'd have called the Wards back… but then the final kick to the balls happened.

Coil was fucking with them, even now.

They did receive reports, but Coil's damage to their systems was disastrous, and while it had been reported, one of Coil's programs diverted the report to the wrong department. It seemed like Calvert had taken pride in messing with their systems, reducing their effectiveness when cape fights happened on his turf.

But it wasn't his turf anymore; it was the Empire's. The program had noticed the location and diverted the report, not realising that Coil was gone. In any other situation, it would have seemed like the operator had just filed the report wrong. It would have been caught soon enough, just causing a slight delay in their response time.

With no good explanation, or at least one that would put a stop to Costa Brown's angry lecture, Emily was forced to sit there and listen to her. Sanctions, restrictions, and a mountain of shit were headed her way, and there was really nothing she could do to stop it.

Panacea arrived, not bothering to say anything as she got to work on Kid, but Piggot was still stuck on the phone as she gave a nod to Lady Photon. It was almost strange to see the healer not even ask someone if she had permission to heal; no matter how serious the situation, Panacea seemed to be drilled to ask first.

"He'll be fine, barely," Panacea finally said, and a wave of relief flooded the room, ranging from the other Wards to the staff, who both didn't want him to die and also knew how fucked they were if a Ward actually died on their watch.

"H-hey, Ames," Kid said, waking up as he moved slowly.

"You know the drill, Chris, even if it's never been this bad before. Normally, it's Aegis who is in pieces. Eat a lot, drink a lot, etcetera, etcetera. I just had to put your kidney back together, and you were missing a lot of flesh," Panacea sighed, making him chuckle painfully even as Vista grabbed Panacea in a tight hug. The older girl paused, before smiling softly and returning it, even ruffling Vista's hair.

She drowned out the sounds of the Wards celebrating as she listened to Costa Brown.

Soon enough, the Alliance capes had left with a message from Prophet that they should get in contact with him to arrange for a contract if the PRT wanted to continue to use Panacea's services.

Sitting at the head of the desk, she looked around at the gathered capes. It was all hands on deck, and not a single person was smiling. Even Assault had a harsh frown on his lips, his usual carefree grin nowhere in sight.

"Today, a Ward was grievously wounded. If it hadn't been for Panacea, Kid Win would be dead. It has been a long time since a villain was dumb enough to do something like this, and we have to make an example of Hookwolf to remind every other villain why," Piggot started, steel in her tone as the door opened.

Alexandria and Eidolon walked in, Alexandria's lower face set in a fierce scowl and Eidolon's entire posture screaming danger.

"A kill order has been signed on Hookwolf. It will be carried out by the end of today," Alexandria said, a wave of shock and satisfaction moving through the room. "There is no other sentence for a crime like this."

"What about Oni Lee? Hookwolf landed the blow, but only because Lee led him into the Wards," Miss Militia pointed out, her tone cold. She was probably the closest to the Wards, and she was pissed.

Of course, Armsmaster was supposed to be in charge of them, but he said nothing. She knew he was watching his career die in front of him, a new black mark on his record and one that was so large it was blotting out his entire heroic career.

"Director Costa Brown has pre-signed one for Oni Lee, but for now, it will remain that way. Brockton Bay is a very unstable town, and we want to minimise the damage our actions inflict. This is a surgical strike on Hookwolf and any Empire capes who try to protect him. This is a time for a scalpel, not a sledgehammer," Alexandria explained, and while she didn't say it, they all knew it.

The League's presence had the Chief Director nervous. The League had spread far and wide, but this was where they began, and they had a lot of powerful capes just relaxing in that damnable hotel. It wasn't that they believed that the League could take down the Triumvirate, but Alexandria and Eidolon would have to leave eventually, and they'd be left cleaning up the mess.

The Empire would probably take this and thank God that this mess only cost them a single Cape. If they started waging war on all the villains of Brockton, that could become a very long and drawn-out fight with Midas calling in help from other branches of the League.

Given how public this was, they had to strike the Empire hard, but they needed to do it in a way that didn't cause the entire city to be engulfed in a war that could spread to every other city that had a League branch.

Still, Hookwolf had been running wild for years and his time as Ivy's pet had only made him worse. It was time that he was put down.

– Jin Yukimura (King Midas) –

Sitting back in my office, I smile to myself.

Purity kept her end and informed me of the current crisis the Empire is facing, and it is a crisis. This is the kind of thing that could be a death blow to a gang, and all because Kaiser didn't rein in Hookwolf like I told him to.

He still used Hookwolf to patrol his territory with the probing from the ABB, and this is the result. The Empire is in full panic mode, and why wouldn't they be? Eidolon and Alexandria have come to town, making their presence known, to deal with their rabid attack dog.

"Sir, I've delivered your message to the PRT," Jaina says with a confident smirk. "They thanked us for our understanding in this matter and agreed to your terms."

Naturally, I told the PRT that the Syndicate and League would not involve themselves in this matter, despite my 'alliance' with Kaiser, on a few conditions. Mostly that they stay out of my territory.

Being able to call them up and say, 'Tell Alexandria she isn't allowed in my backyard,' is a very fun experience.

"Send the message through the League channels; everyone is to keep their heads down until this blows over," I order, getting a nod from Jaina, who makes a note. She's rapidly become my secretary for a lot of matters, and it's good to have someone I can trust on these things.

"Of course. Even our most aggressive members are hesitant to pick a fight with the Triumvirate," Jaina agrees, typing away at her tablet.

Sophia turning coat has had long-standing consequences for the PRT that Coil was watching with interest before I stole all his data. The ENE branch came under fire for a Ward going villain. There were several inquiries as to how this had not been caught (other Ward branches have access to an on-site therapist and mandatory meetings, which could have caught Sophia's predatory mindset).

The old adage remains true; shit rolls downhill. Costa Brown didn't like the heat she was getting for how understaffed Brockton Bay was, so she pushed it down and placed the blame on Piggot, while Piggot pushed as much of the blame as she could onto Armsmaster, Winslow's principal and Sophia's former handler.

Piggot managed to avoid most of the mess, but if something was to happen to one of her Wards? This won't be so easily swept away. If she manages to hold onto her job, it will be because literally nobody else wants the position.

Armsmaster, already dealing with the seeds of inadequacy, is watching his hard-earned career go up in smoke. Setting the Ward travel routes is his job, and he didn't update them after the Coil situation, which would have been the PRT protocol since the area was undergoing an upheaval, even a peaceful one.

The Wards aren't going to be able to go to the toilet without a PRT agent watching and having to submit an after-action report, and the ripples will spread to the other branches. It's another black eye, and has seemingly been delivered by a man I happen to want dead.

Of course, reminding them of how much they need Panacea is equally useful. My healing pods are still in the testing phase because the PRT are nothing if not glacially slow to do anything, but then they are left with a different problem.

Do they deal with Midas to get his healing pods or Prophet to get access to Panacea? Especially now that Amy isn't willing to spend her life healing for nothing anymore, not when I've made it clear how much her time is really worth.

Carol didn't like it, but Vicky approved. Amy works so hard and for nothing; how many of her patients could have been seen by regular doctors with no real risk to their lives? The public has become convinced that they are entitled to her time; I've taught her to tell them that she doesn't owe them shit.

I even convinced her to take some less serious contracts from wealthy individuals because some people are willing to pay millions for the ultimate cosmetic surgery. She can donate that money to worthy charities, fund New Wave in ways that untangle it from being dependent on sponsorships and have enough left to live a very comfortable life.

Because Amy deserves comfort, with how hard she works.

Carol is a fucking idiot because if she'd just raised Amy with a little more self-worth and put some thought into monetising Panacea's immense talent, New Wave would never have fallen into my hands.

Instead, Amy secretly made Carol more sensitive so I could fuck her harder and takes pride in how Carol belongs to me.

"Kaiser has also called; he wishes to know if you still want to go through with the plans for Rune, given the recent developments," Jaina continues, and I just nod.

"I do. Rune isn't as happy in the Empire as she pretends to be, and this will only exacerbate the issue. Send word for him to have her arrive at the Oriental tomorrow. Frankly, it's better to get her away from the Empire while the PRT is on the warpath," I explain, pausing to clench my fist and take a deep breath as I look down between my legs, giving White Rabbit a dirty look as she smirks up at me, getting back to work.

Aisha also wants to speak to me, but I can handle that when I take Rune to meet her new team. I more or less know what Aisha wants, and I have a gift for her as well. The arguments between her and Brian have been highly amusing, but she doesn't see Brian as an authority figure anymore (if she ever did) and has no respect for him. Instead, she's pissed off that he's going against her authority as she is the leader of the Imps.

Basically, she's on a power trip, and Brian is killing her fun. White Rabbit is only making Aisha worse, even if she is doing a damn good job of training her.

"Finally, Uppercrust has sent his gratitude for fast-tracking his personal healing pod. His condition is showing clear improvement, and as a result, the Elite branch in New York is assisting in the construction of the Oriental. The Elite leadership are still debating on how to handle the rapid expansion of the League, but it seems like an alliance is possible. Certain elements, such as Bastard Son, would prefer they resort to violence to drive us out of the cities where the Elite are located, but it seems calmer heads will prevail with Uppercrust on our side," Jaina continues, going down my itinerary. I keep an eye on most of this anyway, but it is helpful to have someone go over it as well. "Agnes Court has accepted your commission and seems open to cooperation between the League and Elite. Entourage thanked you for your gift and is open to Estrella doing business with you as a separate deal from any agreement between the League and Elite. The Shadow Broker has confirmed that Erik Granholme, a 'low-level R&D personnel' in Estrella, is in fact a Tinker with a focus on drones and remote tanks. Entourage has failed to report Erik's powers to the Elite leadership and is putting a lot of effort into disguising Erik as just a low-ranked nobody. She is even keeping it a secret from Upperhand despite him working as her financial manager."

"Bastard Son was her sponsor, correct?" I ask, bringing up my file on one of my targets.

"Yes, sir. The Broker believes that if Bastard Son learns of this deception, he will likely retract his sponsorship and then have Entourage killed," Jaina explains, making me hum.

Brockton Bay is currently calm, for me at least, but while that won't last, I have time to look outwards. Kaiser is in no position to try anything, and Lung has kept his head down since his power was altered. He's actually been secretly testing himself and his new limits, as well as making plans of his own, but I have time.

He has sent Yurei into my territory to scout. My sensors detected her despite her invisibility, but for now, I've let her come and go unmolested. He's getting more cocky over where he sends her, but for now, she hasn't seen anything worth silencing her for.

My Prophet account has a message from Elastigirl, but then her worst fear has come true. It might not have been one of her children, but a Ward just almost died, and it has her in full panic mode.

Jaina continues her daily report, keeping me up to date on matters both in the city and elsewhere, while I lean back with a satisfied smile. Today was a good day.

Pausing, I access one of the base cams with a slight smile.

In her cell, Circus remains bound to the X-cross as the machine beneath her pumps two dildos into her exposed ass and pussy. Circus may disagree about the goodness of today, as Harley messes with the settings and the machine rapidly speeds up.

Circus should consider herself lucky. Almost two dozen traitors were spying for Coil, and now there's only one left alive. I'll leave her to marinate a little longer. Harley seems to be having fun, and it would be a shame to ruin it for her.

Checking the time, I mentally nod. It's almost time to turn my drunken mischief into an actual asset.

– Greg Veder –

"Okay, but if I was careful-" Greg started, making Jin sigh.

"Greg, you've gone from out of shape to near-olympian in a short time. Joining any athletic team at school would expose your powers in an instant," Jin reminded him, making Greg pout even if he could admit that Jin was right, as always.

It just sucked to still be the nerd people looked down on when he could beat any of them.

"Fine…" Greg pouted, pausing. "But when do I get to make my debut? And you still haven't told me what you need me for."

"Soon, Greg. This life is risky, and I don't want to bring you into it without making sure you're completely prepared," Jin explained softly. "As for why I need a new independent hero, it couldn't be more simple. What do you know of the Imps?"

"Err, they're that new gang that's made up of a bunch of teens, right?" Greg asked, making Jin nod. "I've heard they're kinda unimportant because they only do minor crimes. Imp herself is kinda cute, though."

"That's what Midas wants people to think, yes. The Imps were formed for several reasons, but one of the biggest ones was simply to waste resources. The Imps are minor villains, but they're minor villains who work for Midas, and as such, the PRT can't afford to ignore them. Every time the Imps go out and cause havoc, it ties up precious resources, allowing the villains to move more freely. It's controlled chaos, designed to force the PRT to waste time on a bunch of delinquents."

"So, where do I come in?" Greg asked, excitement growing in his chest. Listening to Prophet explain the finer details of the cape scene always excited him.

"My plan is for you to be part of the counter. A friendly, neighbourhood independent hero who can handle the Imps and free up those precious resources. I also still believe that Midas has plans for Winslow, so I want you to function as a deterrent. Your presence, along with any information you send my way, will help deny him the chance to pull off whatever he is scheming," Jin continued, making Greg nod.

It wasn't fighting Endbringers or dealing with serious villains, but as much as he loved his new powers, he wasn't ready for that. Jin had frequently explained the importance of starting small.

In the same way that Midas was keeping the Imps 'low-level', it was beneficial to make sure that he remained at that same low level. It meant that Midas couldn't give a serious response without looking like a tyrant, something he tried to avoid. Jin had explained how important maintaining their image was to both heroes and villains.

"Now, focus. I'm going to start the scenario again," Jin said, making Greg nod with a serious look on his face.

Jin had access to some serious training programs, as they practised in an underground secret training facility. This program was focused on search and rescue during a fire. Jin even made this like a game and gave him a rank based on his performance.

He only got a B rank last time, which he wanted to improve to an A or even an S.

Jin could imprint knowledge into his mind, giving him the ability to easily parkour through the testing arena and the ability to fight like a black-belt badass. It was amazing, and Greg didn't want to let Jin down, not when Jin was the only person who believed in him.

The knowledge didn't directly translate into the ability, so he had to work on it to get used to his new skills.

As he moved through the program, which was different every time to prevent him from just memorising the locations of the 'civilians', he gasped as he saw one of the fake civilians surrounded by the flames, and with his powers, he reached out and focused.

In an instant, they were in front of him and away from the flames as he picked them up in a fireman's carry and got them out of the building before rushing back in. The exercise was gruelling and intense, but he was grateful for the chance to get used to situations like this before he encountered them in the field.

In the first scenario, he'd frozen, and the 'civilians' had died. If that had been real… shaking his head, he got to work.

Finishing the exercise, he listened to Jin's analysis with a proud smile. Seven out of seven civilians saved, with only minor injuries to them and himself. It wasn't quite an S yet. He made some minor mistakes, as evidenced by Panacea healing him up with a roll of her eyes, but he was getting there.

He was going to be a hero.

– Jin Yukimura (Prophet) –

Giving someone Trickster's power is not really viable because it would be too obvious, but that said… that's where my power modification comes in. Firstly, Greg had to be augmented to allow him to use the power at all, but he agreed to that because he trusts me with his life.

Then, I modified it in a way that made it distinct from Trickster. Greg doesn't swap two people's locations; he pulls people toward him. It is a useful but minor power, perfect for rescuing people while not being too strong to gain him too much attention. It's similar to Trickster's but different enough that it shouldn't raise any eyebrows.

Watching him run through the mugging exercise again, I smile as he summons one of the thugs and easily takes him down with a perfectly executed judo throw. I've been hard at work with my Tinkering in the background, and learning how to make 'skill shards' was a major boon.

I can copy someone's skills and download them into a shard, and then all it takes is the right modifications. I can just slot the shard in and download that information into someone else's mind. Greg has been an unknowing test subject, but he's quite thrilled with his new skills. Several martial arts, parkour, five more languages, and then guitar skills because he deserved a reward for all his hard work.

Greg wants, more than anything, to be popular, especially with the girls. He's also dealing with some guilt over never being willing to stand up for Taylor despite his crush on her, which is only pushing him to do better from now on.

Greg exists as an advertisement because I plan to make his connection to the Independent Alliance clear. That means I want him to thrive, even as a street-level hero. It's to show other lesser heroes that just because they aren't as flashy as New Wave, they'd still be welcome and could greatly benefit from my guidance.

– Sophia Hess (Shadow Stalker) –

Arriving at the Oriental, she didn't hesitate to walk in as she ignored the various villains lingering around. Emma followed behind, wearing a domino mask that did little to hide her nerves.

Heading to the room Midas had told her to meet him in, she opened the door and let herself in as Emma followed behind. She heard Emma gasp quietly at the sight of Midas in the flesh, sipping his drink and staring out of the window at the city below.

"Good evening, Miss Hess, Miss Barnes," Midas said, turning back to them. "Right on time."

"Figured you were the kind of guy who didn't enjoy being kept waiting," Sophia snorted, making his lips twitch into a small smirk for a moment.

"You'd be very correct, Sophia. How have you been since our last meeting?" Midas asked, getting a small laugh from her.

"Like you haven't been monitoring me twenty-four-seven," Sophia barked back, but Midas just shrugged.

"I have been keeping an eye on your actions, as I do with all capes, but you do not need me to babysit you," Midas explained, and she felt herself blush slightly. "Though I have to say you've been doing good work. Do you know that the ABB has put a million-dollar bounty on you?"
"Heh, only a million? I'll have to try harder," Sophia said with a cocky smile.

After her last conversation with Midas, she had truly returned to her roots. She'd done more good in the weeks since she escaped the PRT than in her entire time as a fucking Ward.

She wasn't stupid. She knew full well that she wouldn't have lasted this long without the supplies and intel that the League fed her. The tinkertech bolts were a game-changer, and the power upgrade that removed her weakness had saved her on multiple occasions.

The look on Armsmaster's face when she'd just slipped out of the electrified ropes he seemed to have designed just for her was hilarious. Plus, the League's operators had warned her when Lung himself was too close to one of her targets, and she wasn't that cocky.

"Indeed. The Empire hasn't officially put a bounty on you yet, and frankly, they have bigger concerns right now," Midas laughed, getting a smirk in return. For years, the PRT had refused to go after Hookwolf like cowards, and it almost cost them their failure of a Tinker. Nearly dying was the most useful thing Kid had ever done. "But we aren't here to discuss you, are we? It's a pleasure to meet you, Miss Barnes. Sophia has told me a lot about you and your desire to become a Cape."

Emma jumped slightly at his attention but quickly gathered herself. She knew this was her one chance at becoming a Cape, and her usual charm was marred by her nerves. Midas might be a benevolent tyrant, but that didn't change the fact that he was a very powerful crime lord.

"That's right, sir," Emma agreed, knowing she was in dangerous territory. Sophia had honestly put this off to give Emma a chance to change her mind. This wasn't like dealing with any of the usual adults Emma charmed, but Emma was determined.

Midas was a pervert, but as hot as Emma was, pussy alone wasn't going to pay for a power. Emma was about to put a collar around her neck and hand Midas the leash.

"As it happens, your power can be upgraded again Sophia, which is why I requested your presence. I also have gained the power to grant people a low brute-rating, which I planned to do," Midas explained, making Sophia straighten up with wide eyes. "And I can grant you a power and make you a Cape, Miss Barnes."

"What's it going to cost? You don't do things for free, and I'm still paying off my freedom," Sophia asked, making Midas smile grimly.

"You are my tool, Sophia. You've proven yourself useful, and all I am doing is improving one of my own weapons against the other gangs. After all, you are mine, aren't you, Sophia?" Midas asked, his tone almost hungry as she felt her cheeks darken, and her body react to his words.

"I-I'll do anything," Emma cut in, making Midas turn back to her. "This is all I've ever wanted. I never want to be weak again. Just give me a chance."

Emma's desperation wasn't a good look because telling someone like Midas that you would do anything was not a good idea. She didn't try to help Emma as Midas gave her friend a searching, scheming look.

Then, he smiled. Midas' smiles were not happy smiles, and it sent a shiver through her body but she said nothing.

— Bonus Scene — Jin Yukimura (Trickster)

The Birdcage has forever been the boogeyman under the bed for villains. It's the stick that the PRT threatens to hit us with if we go too far. There's no way out, a life sentence stuck in hell with the worst of the worst.

I've long since been curious about the specifics, just what this hell looks like on the inside. How has the social situation developed inside? Are the villains just tossed in and left to their own devices?

Krouse is the very definition of expendable. I have his Shard saved, so losing this body means nothing in the grand scheme of things. I've prepared my tech as best I can as I am loaded into the elevator, ready to descend into the mountain that contains the Baumann Parahuman Containment Center.

Trickster, despite his ego, is not that important. He's being made an example of, so the guards who close the elevator never bother to speak to me as they close the doors and send me to my 'final' destination.

Krouse is also a coward, so I make sure to look visibly afraid for Dragon as I am sent into the depths, gathering myself as the long elevator ride comes to an end. Taking a deep breath, I step out of the elevator to the jeers of the other villains, here to see the fresh meat.

My tech holds, letting me keep control of the body as I look around with a confident look that doesn't ring quite true.

Dragon directs me to my cell, and as I take in my surroundings, I have to hide my smile. The cell blocks are visibly controlled by various villains, villains freely walking around the prison. I barely have time to situate myself before the leader of the block makes himself known as a well-maintained man named Spruce shows up and informs me that my presence has been requested.

Being led through the cells, I arrive at one that is visibly better off than the others. Several comforts are in the large cell, though I have to wonder how he got things like chocolate and a DVD player in the Birdcage as the leader turns to me with discerning eyes.

Long, curly brown hair covers his eyes for a moment, hair that looks so similar to my favourite bio-striker, though his hair has shades of grey in it, and he has a neatly trimmed beard as he looks me over.

"You were taken down by New Wave," Marquis says. It's a statement, not a question. "Tell me everything."

People have compared me to Marquis since my arrival on the cape scene, and I'm starting to see it as a slight compliment as, despite his years of imprisonment, he still has the presence of a powerful crime lord.

Well, more than Kaiser, anyway.

It's almost a shame that he's just going to be another tool for his replacement. After all, Amy calls me Daddy now.

Author's Note: Jin is in the Birdcage, surely that will end well for everyone.

The mission in Cyberpunk with Jefferson Peralez is both nightmare fuel and intriguing since that same tech is now in Jin's hands. If they can literally alter the memories and emotions of a high-ranking politician, Jin can fuck with Hookwolf's mind.

Taylor returns! I did plan for this arc to happen before Coil, but Jin's plans managed to get out of even my control.

Priapus' note: Written by Jin Yukimura (Shori).

Marethyu's note: Beta'd by Jin Yukimura (Mike God of Lore, Priapus, Old man of the mountain, Beans, and Marethyu)

Written: 16/10/2024




I am entirely motivated by praise and interaction, so leave a review, and I'll probably write faster. I do read every review/comment, because it gives me the happy brain chemicals and motivates me to write more. My body is a machine that turns positive reviews into new chapters.

I have a Patreo n, where my supporters can vote on which fics get bonus chapters each cycle and have access to advance chapters, up to fifteen chapters ahead of the public release. Patreo n is also five chapters ahead and plat/diamond tier have voting rights for my Quest. Feel free to check it out.

I also set up a Subscribe Star as well, more or less just as a backup/test to see which I prefer. The chapters are available on Discord if you're a Patreo n and on the site directly on Subscribe Star due to the different site rules, so if you don't use Discord or have issues finding the chapters, Subscribe Star is the better choice.

The Advance Chapters
Diamond: The Unbound Ch03, The Warlord Ch16, The High Roller Ch08, The Celestial Professor Ch05, The Celestial Escalation Ch03
Plat: The Sorcerer's Legacy Ch10, The Unbound Ch02, The Unbound Ch01, The Occult Ch09, The Blessed Ch08
Gold: The Warlord Ch15, The Celestial Escalation Ch02, The Tamer Ch15
Basic: The Celestial Escalation Ch01, The Vampire Ch12
Quest: The Celestial Inquisitor Ch06-10

Links:
Patreo n. com (slash) TheDarkWolfShiro
Subscribe star. com (slash) the-dark-wolf-shiro

I have a Discord server with a bunch of other authors and a load of porn. So much porn.

Here's the link for that: discord .gg/DarkWolfShiro

If it says it's expired, it is probably your account being unable to join NSFW servers, and you'll need to fix that. If you fix that and it still says it's expired, add me (DarkWolfShiro), and I'll invite you myself.
"Sanity and happiness are an impossible combination."
― Mark Twain

​
My Discord, come here for porn and also sometimes fics: https://discord.gg/wd3tUYWVCd

My Patreon, I promise to spend any money given to me irresponsibly: https://www.patreon.com/TheDarkWolfShiro​
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:gartf, Jebbedaiah, b855h and 1,132 others
The Dark Wolf Shiro
Nov 21, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 31: Imp-ortant Transfer New
View content
The Dark Wolf Shiro
The Dark Wolf Shiro
Everyone Hail to the Pumpkin King
JoinedApr 1, 2019
Messages9,336
Likes received960,957
Mar 31, 2025
Add bookmark
#4,761
Disclaimer: I own nothing but my original characters and works; all other characters and worlds belong to their respective owners. I'm just playing with them.

Betad by Priapus, Marethyu, Beans, Mike God of Lore, Malcolm Tent




The Guild of Gamers: The Supervillain
Chapter 31: Imp-ortant Transfer

– Tammi Herren (Rune) –

Now was not a good time to be in the Empire Eighty-Eight, and everyone knew it. Things hadn't been easy since the Golden Syndicate had burst onto the scene, but now?

Hookwolf and his little band of 'warriors' had always been the most brutal in the Empire. Now, even Cricket and Stormtiger were keeping a careful distance away from their pseudo-leader. Hookwolf was a dead man, and everyone knew it. Eidolon and Alexandria themselves had arrived in town for the express purpose of killing him, and as much as Kaiser boasted of the Empire's might… they weren't that strong, and everyone knew it.

The capes, the rank and file, the other gangs. Everyone knew Hookwolf was going to die, the scowling asshole himself having hidden away somewhere as Kaiser tried to find a way to get the Empire through this mess. The funniest part was the realisation that Purity's return meant Kaiser was far more willing to sacrifice Hookwolf. They had a new heavy hitter, so why keep the problematic one?

Sure, Kaiser wanted all hands on deck for the upcoming fight with the ABB and the eventual fight against King Midas, but Hookwolf was more trouble than he was worth.

Sitting in the back of the car, she said nothing as Kaiser stared forward, his face hidden by his helmet. Kaiser remade his armour constantly, and while he often left parts of his face on display to help his image, now he was in a full suit without an inch of skin to be seen. This was his war armour, more intimidating and protective than the types he'd wear for his speeches.

Arriving at the Oriental, he got out, and she followed behind without a word being spoken, the air tense as they headed up the elevator. Masked men in black and gold suits led them deeper into the fortified stronghold of the League of Villains, and as they entered the conference room, she got her first real look at the talk of Brockton Bay.

Midas was lounging in his seat, a drink in his hand and a casual smile on his lips. Beside him, an attractive older woman with caramel skin gave them a curious look, dressed in a smart suit. Jaina Hudson, the White Rabbit. There'd been some talk going around the Empire after it turned out the girl behind the White Rabbit was Indian, but nothing ever came of it beyond grumblings.

"A pleasure to see you again, Kaiser," Midas greeted as he rose, putting his drink down and offering his hand, which Kaiser shook. "I wasn't expecting you to deliver Rune in person."

"I thought it best, given the recent developments. I wanted to see if our agreement to take out Lung was still in effect," Kaiser admitted, making Midas nod.

"It is. I admit I didn't see this development coming, but assuming the Empire remains in a position to assist with the removal of the ABB, I plan to have things continue as originally agreed. Of course, if the Empire's combat potential is decimated by this event, I will have to subjugate you. It's nothing personal," Midas admitted, and Kaiser just laughed darkly.

"Of course. If you don't, somebody else would," Kaiser agreed, not offended by Midas' casual threat. "What is the League and the Syndicate doing about the PRT's presence?"

"That's a simple one. I've suggested the League stand down and stay out of this at the request of the PRT. Chief Director Costa-Brown requested our neutrality in this matter, and I agreed on the demand that the PRT and especially the Triumvirate stay out of my territory," Midas explained. "If the PRT heroes come for us, we'll fight back and give no quarter, but this is between them and the Empire. I'll not endanger my people or territory protecting someone like Hookwolf. At the risk of stating the obvious, I told you to rein him in."

Kaiser only nodded, not arguing against the way Midas was talking down to him slightly.

"As for the Syndicate, the same applies. If the PRT comes into my territory, they'll be driven out. Beyond that, this isn't my business," Midas continued. "Fighting Alexandria and Eidolon would be far too costly for the potential benefits, even without the rest of the reinforcements. It goes without saying that if you try to move him into my territory to drag me into this fight, I'll have you killed."

"Ha. Kreig suggested that. I shot it down," Kaiser admitted, making Midas nod easily. "Rune has agreed to join the Imps for the next year, as we negotiated."

"Excellent. It's a pleasure to meet you, Miss Herren," Midas said, and she didn't react to the use of her real name. Kaiser had warned them that Coil had planned to expose their real identities. Of course, Midas knew her real name.

"Hi?" Rune tried, honestly having no idea how to act around him. He was a gang leader, but he was also a chink and the boss of her white supremacist gang was standing right next to her. She crossed her arms over her chest, playing the aloof teen but Midas just smirked.

"Hi indeed," Midas agreed. "As agreed, I will empower Rune right here. You are also owed one power upgrade on a cape of your choosing. I take it this is why you chose to come yourself?"

"It is. Originally, I planned to have Othala upgraded, but we both know Hookwolf is not long for this world. I will need to fill the gap he'll be leaving," Kaiser admitted, removing one of his gauntlets and offering his hand. Midas accepted it, removing his own glove.

"A logical decision. Now, the most obvious option I can see is to call upon the powers of your sister, Iron Rain. I can easily upgrade your power to allow you to create your objects from thin air instead of having to make them out of surfaces, as well as give you minor ferrokinesis to go along with it. Don't expect to do any fine control, but simply aiming and firing would be well within your capabilities," Midas explained, getting a thoughtful hum from Kaiser. "Alternatively, I could improve the durability and sharpness of your conjured metal, increase your speed and control or give you Allfather's ability to impart considerable velocity onto his conjured objects."

"I believe you're correct. Iron Rain was never the most creative with her power, but I am sure I can put it to better use than her," Kaiser finally agreed, making Midas nod as he focused. There was no outward show of light or anything flashy, but Kaiser shuddered slightly as the work was done. "I have to say, your power is as impressive as they say. Already, I can feel the improvement in my power."

"I'm the best at what I do," Midas replied easily. "Miss Herren, it's your turn."

She took his hand, feeling his power touch hers.

"Let's see here," Midas mumbled while she waited. She didn't like being so passive, but she had no delusions about the power balance here. She was a pawn being traded between two kings. Kaiser may have asked her opinion on the deal, but she knew that his mind had been made up before he'd asked her. She was basically being pimped out to another gang. "I could increase how many objects you can control at once, the maximum weight you can control, or give you the ability to place your mark upon things you can see without needing to manually carve it."

It actually took her a moment to realise that he was waiting for her to choose.

"I- the marking with my sight thing," Rune answered, almost feeling Kaiser's disapproval of her less-than-elegant showing. This was the first time an Empire cape was being loaned out to a group that wasn't the Gesellschaft, and she'd had to sit through a lot of discussions about her duties and where her loyalty should be from both Kaiser and the clans. The first time she'd seen her parents in months, and it was to have them lecture her on loyalty and the cause. As he worked, her entire body shuddered with… pleasure, the alien sensation coursing through her veins as her power sang to her.

"There we go. Now, I'll be taking you to meet with the Imps once we are done here. I take it you won't have any issues working under me or with your new teammates?" Midas asked, and she could hear the warning he didn't say. She was a neo-nazi, he was Asian, and Imp herself was black.

"No, sir," Rune agreed. Whatever her opinion on his race, nobody could deny that Midas was terrifyingly effective at his job without the barbarism of Lung or the patheticness of Skidmark. Kaiser had made it clear that she was to play nice. The upgrades Midas had promised for her services mattered more than the Empire's ideals, apparently.

For the next year of her life, she would be under Midas' command. As long as it wasn't acting against the Empire or the Clans, she was basically supposed to lie back and think of the Empire. Of course, she had no desire to be a part of the Empire while fucking Eidolon was coming for them, so she was treating this more like a vacation than anything else.

Naturally, she was also supposed to spy on the Imps and the Syndicate for Kaiser but Midas had probably seen that coming before he'd even asked.

"I do believe we should talk more about how the increased PRT presence is going to affect our plans going forward," Midas said, making Kaiser agree with a grim tone. "Rune, why don't you head down to the leisure centre for a while?"

As Kaiser nodded, she quickly thanked him for the upgrade and got out of there. She knew a dismissal when she heard one, and as the doors were closing she saw a map appear above the conference table, Kaiser and Midas moving to it.

The Oriental really did have everything, she thought as she wandered the place and made use of the many amenities that it offered. It was a little bizarre to see so many villains in one place, but they didn't give her more than a single curious glance before they ignored her. She was a small fry in a place like this, and as someone who had learnt the importance of keeping her head down in prison, she was happy to be ignored.

It was still weird to see someone like Deathstroke the Terminator in a fucking tinkertech massage chair.

The high-class establishment reminded her of an unwelcome truth. The clans were white trash. Kaiser's parties were classier than the Clans, but Midas just oozed elegance and wealth and she felt laughably out of place here.

She didn't miss that her guide never let her out of their sight. They were happy to take her wherever she wanted to go, but she hadn't missed the armed guards watching her every move. She wasn't a league member, just a guest, and she was one wrong move from a really bad time. She tried not to think about how Killer Croc, wearing a fucking suit, had licked his lips when he saw her.

She'd gotten used to people staring at her with lust, but his gaze held a different kind of hunger altogether.

The rich surroundings, expensive food and general opulence honestly made her uncomfortable. The seat she was on probably cost as much as all the money she'd ever held.

She didn't know how long she was left to her own devices before their meeting came to an end, but Kaiser seemed oddly pleased as he said his goodbyes to her and Midas. She'd gotten good at reading his body language, even when he was armoured up.

Sitting in the back of a limo, she bit her tongue as Midas worked on his tablet during the ride. He didn't seem the type for small talk.

"Do you have any questions before we arrive?" Midas finally asked, putting away his tablet as she considered his question.

"What exactly will I be doing?" Rune asked after a moment.

"Primarily causing disruptions to waste PRT resources, as well as harassing the Wards… assuming they ever get let out again," Midas laughed. "The Imps are very much not a serious criminal organisation, by design. Petty crime, juvenile actions, as well as occasionally harassing minor gangs that attempt to get established in or near my territory. My goal is to tie down the Wards so the likes of Vista and their new bug master, Aurora, cannot be utilised to their full potential. By keeping the teenage villains out of serious situations, the PR-obsessed heroes will be forced to follow suit. I really should thank Hookwolf before he is executed. His recklessness has only made this easier."

"Did you know that would happen?" Rune asked, making him blink before he laughed. It was a gentle but highly amused laugh. It didn't sound mocking, just genuine.

"I do appreciate the faith, but despite rumours, I am not all-knowing. Hookwolf ran into Oni Lee by accident, and Oni Lee led Hookwolf to PRT territory in the hopes of drawing in the nearby Armsmaster. Neither knew the Wards were there," Midas reminded her. "This was a tragedy caused by a thousand tiny things going wrong in quick succession, including a program Coil slipped into their systems before I even arrived in Brockton Bay. I'm good, I'm not that good. What I do specialise in… is weaponising tragedy and turning it into profit."

He wasn't wrong. The sheer amount of moving pieces would be nearly impossible to balance. If he could do that, the Empire and ABB would already be gone or under his command.

"Anyway, as I was saying… you will be placed under Imp, the leader of the Imps. She's a… unique personality and has a special gift for causing frustration in her targets. I will be monitoring things, as I do with all the groups under me, but she is effectively your boss for the next year," Midas continued. "I understand that as a member of the Herren Clan turned Empire Cape, you have certain preconceptions about her due to her skin colour, as you do with me thanks to my narrower eyes, but I take it you can act professionally during your time here?"

"I- yeah, I can," Rune agreed, flushing slightly at his knowing tone. Of course he'd noticed.

"Excellent. If it becomes apparent that you are incapable of working with Imp, I will reassign you to another duty for the year. I'm sure I can find a place in my Syndicate for you that will suit my plans the same as if you were with the Imps," Midas reassured her, but there was something in his tone that put her on edge. He wasn't saying the reassignment would be a punishment, but she could tell that her life would be far more relaxed with this Imp than working directly under him.

"Like I said, it won't be a problem," Rune promised as they pulled up at their destination. As they got out, her eyes were drawn to where someone had graffitied a large golden gremlin creature on a nearby wall. It looked weird, but it was oddly well done. "I thought you didn't permit graffiti on your turf?"

She'd seen the pictures of the Syndicate's territory, all repainted and repaved, buildings fixed, and trash cleaned up.

"I don't. This is Imp's turf, and she has different rules. She allows graffiti as long as it is well done. Someone painted a penis on the side of her building. She kidnapped them and painted them entirely purple before tying them upside down to a lamppost," Midas explained with a chuckle. "She painted that herself, I believe. Come on, she's waiting."

Entering the building, they headed down into a not-so-secret underground base, and she instantly saw the difference between Midas and Imp. Midas' building was opulent and elegant, oozing class and wealth…

Imp's place looked like a teenager's bedroom gone wilder.

"This the new girl?" a curious voice asked, her eyes drawn to an unmasked girl with short black hair which had a single golden streak. Dark skin, dark eyes filled with amusement. Despite her clear youth, probably a couple years younger than Rune, the chick had tits that had no place being on a girl her age. She sat on top of a desk, kicking her legs.

"No, I just thought I'd bring a random stranger to your base on the day I promised you a new member," Midas replied, making Imp snort in amusement. "Imp, this is Rune. Rune, this is Imp, leader of the Imps."

"Ah, our new Neo-Nazi. This is gonna go hilariously," Imp said, hopping down from the desk. "I'm Aisha; I don't bother with a mask in base, so you might as well know my name. How does it feel to be working for a lesser race?"

Aisha's face didn't shift from a wide grin, but Rune felt herself scowl at the question.

"Aisha, play nice," Midas warned, making her roll her eyes.

"Yeah, yeah, play nice with the nazi," Aisha agreed with a lazy wave.

"Tammi Herren. You might as well know it since he already does," Tammi said, removing her hood with a hesitant look as she nodded toward Midas.

"Ooh, a Herren and an Empire Eighty-Eight-er? Hey, is it true that the clans are super incestuous?" Aisha asked, making Tammi clench her fist before she realised the question wasn't mocking. She seemed genuinely curious.

"No, not my part of the clan anyway. I won't lie, even I've heard some rumours about what the clans more to the south get up to, but we don't do that shit," Tammi replied.

"So calling the Empire thug who tried to rape me an inbred sister-fucker wasn't accurate? Shame, insults hurt more when they've got some truth in it," Aisha replied with a carefree grin as Tammi blinked. "Don't look so surprised. It turns out dumb thugs like fat tits even when they're more chocolate than vanilla. I stabbed him in the leg, then kicked him in the dick. Honestly, I figured the guy would come looking for me with some friends, but I guess he was too embarrassed to admit he got his ass beat by a teenage girl. It's a shame we're all best buddies now. I was gonna track him down now that I'm a badass."

"They'd never let him live it down, and depending on who he worked under, they might have just killed him. I've heard of Hookwolf and Krieg killing people who embarrass the gang too much, plus Krieg would kill him for sullying himself with a n- someone like you," Tammi admitted, being able to picture the type of guy she was talking about. Probably one of Hookwolf's men, they tended to be more barbaric than most. Hookwolf would punish any of his underlings who got bested by a kid, so she wasn't surprised the idiot had kept his mouth shut. She was an Empire cape, and she didn't feel safe whenever she was in Hookwolf's turf.

Of course, it was going to have to be redivided soon. Stormtiger might take over, but he wasn't really a leader. He'd been running it while Hookwolf was busy being Ivy's attack dog, but he was shit at it. Cricket wasn't a leader either. She didn't know who would end up running it, but it'd probably be absorbed into one of the other lieutenants' turf. Or maybe Purity would take it over now that she was back. Either way, it wasn't her problem.

"Heh, the only thing he sullied was his pants," Aisha snorted. "You're fun for a racist bitch. Come on, I wanna introduce you to Brian and watch him have an aneurysm. He's my brother and also totally my bitch now that he's in the Imps. I wouldn't have to be so hard on him if he'd get it into his thick skull that I'm the boss around here. Total control freak. Do you have any brothers?"

"No, just a lot of cousins," Tammi admitted, recoiling slightly as Aisha threw an arm around her shoulder.

"Lucky. Anyway, it's movie night tonight, and since you're the new girl, you can pick the movie and food type as long as it isn't Thai again. It's supposed to be Regent's turn but fuck him. Not literally, unless skinny femboys are your type… but then again, he is white and pretty. If you do, I'd suggest gagging him first. He's cute but ruins it the moment he opens his mouth," Aisha babbled. "Oh, later, boss-man, gotta introduce the new girl to the gang."

Midas just chuckled.

"We do have some business to conduct, Aisha, but that can wait until another day. I'll send it to you. Before you run off, I am assigning Celia to your hideout as your maid. This place is filthy," Midas said, face scrunched up as Aisha snorted.

"So I get to order around my mom and brother? Love ya, boss," Aisha replied, not denying the allegations. "Now fuck off, you're too old for my base. I only let adults that work for me in here, so unless you wanna be under me as well, get lost."

"I'll pass, thank you. Though, I may need to remind you who is in charge again, but that can wait for another day," Midas drawled, giving her a nod as he turned and walked away. "Do take care, Miss Herren, Miss Laborn."

"You can talk to him like that?" Tammi asked, making Aisha laugh.

"Oh, Midas? Yeah, he's fine with it. He's a big boy and can take some banter," Aisha laughed. "I mean, don't get me wrong. If I ever actually crossed him, shit would hit the fan expeditiously, and all these fun benefits I get for working for him would vanish just as quickly. Midas ain't that scary, as long as you do your job and do it well."

For just a moment, she imagined telling Kaiser to fuck off. She'd never seen anyone brave enough to do it, but she doubted he'd take it quite as well. Meeting the rest of the group, she found herself agreeing with Aisha, oddly enough.

Brian seemed like a bit of a dick, and he did look like he was going to have an aneurysm from learning their new member was part of the Empire. Puppeteer kept to himself, keeping his mask on, but he was also clearly uneasy. Regent… really was pretty.

Then he called her K. K. Katie, and she found herself wanting to gag him. This wasn't where she wanted to be, but it also wasn't anywhere near Hookwolf so she could work with it.

– Emma Barnes –

She wasn't as naive as some people thought.- As Sophia thought, more specifically. King Midas was a powerhouse, and while he was seen as a relatively benevolent version of a Godfather figure, he was still a Godfather, and placing yourself in his debt meant you'd never get out of it.

Sophia had tried briefly to warn her before she'd stopped. Emma wasn't stupid, she knew Sophia was handing her over to him on a silver platter. She was pretty sure that Sophia had forgotten that Emma was the social one of their group, and Sophia was hardly a master of manipulation.

But in the end, she didn't care what it cost. This was all she had ever wanted, starting when she and Taylor had used to play pretend. She was always Alexandria, and her desire to be strong, to be able to protect herself, had only grown over the years as her naivety had died. The ABB had taught her that being pretty just made her a target, and she couldn't always sweet talk her way out of danger. Some people couldn't be convinced.

But King Midas could be convinced. She knew she was making herself another of his pawns, that she was collaring herself and handing him the leash, but if he could make her dream come true?

Naked as the day she was born, Emma bit down on the pillow to muffle her moan. The most powerful villain in Brockton Bay showed no mercy on her virgin body as he took her from behind, one hand reaching around to grope her large breasts as the other held her head down.

She'd be lying if she said she'd never used her looks and charm to get out of trouble before, but she'd never had to actually do anything beyond some flirtatious looks and words. Midas wasn't going to be convinced because she'd batted her eyelashes at him, and she had promised him that she'd do anything for a chance to be a Cape.

"Gods, Emma, you're such a slut," Sophia taunted, making Emma scoff as Midas let her lift her head up.

"Look who's talking. You've been selling your ass for longer than I have," Emma countered, giving her friend a look as Sophia knelt on the bed, equally naked.

"Nah, that's different. Midas came for me, and he gets what he wants. I didn't stand a chance. You came here knowing the only thing you had worth bargaining with was your body," Sophia countered with a smirk. Midas simply pulled her against him, her smaller breasts pressed against his bare chest. Emma just grinned as Midas briefly pulled out, only to flip her onto her back before he sheathed himself inside her again.

"Girls, play nice," Midas drawled as his handsome face looked down at her. He was wearing a domino mask, but it barely covered anything, leaving most of his features on display. Midas really did have sugar daddy energy, the rich, handsome and incredibly powerful older man rewarding the younger girls he kept around.

"She started it," Emma said, acting a little bratty as he raised an eyebrow at her, giving her tit a light slap and making it jiggle.

"And I'm ending it. Sophia, sit on her face," Midas ordered, making Sophia laugh as Emma pouted. She didn't complain, even as Sophia moved on top of her. She wasn't really interested in girls, but as Sophia said, Midas got what Midas wanted.

As he continued to pound into her teenage cunt, she obediently lapped at Sophia's dripping slit, trying her best to put on a show for their boss. She wasn't unused to pleasure, having long since discovered the joys of self-pleasure and more adult toys, but she couldn't deny that Midas blew her little plastic friend out of the water as he hit spots she hadn't even known she had. Each powerful thrust sent a shudder through her body, her moans muffled by Sophia's body as her best friend sat on her face. She came first, unsurprisingly given her inexperience, and she was caught off guard as Midas pulled out of her clenching pussy.

Her surprise didn't last long as he readjusted his aim, the tip of his large cock pressing against her virgin butthole. She couldn't exactly try to stop him in her current position, and with no hesitation at all… he was back inside her.

He pushed forward slowly, thankfully, inch after inch of his hard cock pushing into her backdoor, her own arousal lubricating his passage.

"Keep licking, bitch," Sophia ordered, grinding her pussy against Emma's face as Emma tried to focus despite the strange fullness she was feeling. She'd been a virgin an hour ago. Now she was taking the entirety of an older man's cock into her ass. Maybe it was a test of her dedication, or maybe Midas just liked breaking teenage girls on his cock, but either way, she endured as he began to fuck her ass at a rapidly-increasing pace. Her uncomfortable grunts slowly turned to surprised moans as the small amount of pain faded and was replaced with pleasure.

Midas and Sophia kissed as they both used her body for their pleasure, and Sophia was the second to cum as her athletic body shuddered and Sophia fell to the side, having left a mess of honeyed arousal coating Emma's lower face. A part of her was disappointed they hadn't brought Madison along. The little slut would have loved this.

With Sophia lying down, she could see Midas again as he leaned down and captured her lips for himself, his hand on her breasts as he toyed with her sensitive nipples. He gripped her thighs and moved them up as he folded her in two until her ankles were above her head so he could truly begin to pound her tight anus. If this was a test, it was one she planned to pass with flying colours as she moaned and screamed in pleasure, cumming again from the rough anal fucking.

She lost track of how long he fucked her, eyes rolling back in her head from the waves of pleasure, but finally, he slammed forward and stopped moving. With a satisfied sigh, flooded her backdoor with his seed. The warmth felt weird but enjoyable as he began to pull out with a small smirk on his lips. His cock twitched, the last spurt landing on her stomach as Midas looked over his handiwork for a moment.

Then, he grabbed Sophia and tossed her on top of Emma. Their breasts rubbed against one another, hardened nipples brushing together, and Sophia immediately let out a surprised moan as Midas claimed her pussy. Emma reached around her friend, her hands groping Sophia's toned buttocks as she squeezed and spread the chocolate cheeks, a grin on her face as she captured Sophia's lips in a rough kiss.

– Later –

Dressed again, if one could call the tight golden bikini an outfit, she stood before Midas in his office with a hopeful smile. They'd all showered since, and she'd taken several loads from the crime lord, but she knew that it would take more than sex to get what she wanted.

"Sophia, I've given you the ability to drain vitality from other people. When you are in your shadow form, you can move through them, and doing so will drain their health and heal you," Midas explained, making Sophia's eyes widen in shock as she beamed. "As before, you're free to act as you please. I will be watching, but you do good work and do not need me babysitting or micromanaging your actions. I would request you focus your efforts toward the ABB for a while, the Empire is on high alert thanks to this mess with Hookwolf. Do not give them a reason to make an example of you."

"Got it," Sophia agreed, looking over to Emma briefly. "Thanks, Midas."

"Now, I'd like you to leave so I can continue discussions with Miss Barnes," Midas ordered, and Emma nodded to Sophia despite her pounding heart.

"Yeah, sure. Is this gonna take long? Should I wait downstairs for her?" Sophia asked, and Midas shook his head.

"I believe it will, yes. Once I'm done with her, I'll have my driver take Miss Barnes home," Midas promised. Sophia barely hesitated before she waved goodbye and made her retreat.

"D-did I do good, sir?" Emma asked demurely, breasts pushed out, and head bowed as she looked up at him through her eyelashes.

"You certainly proved your willingness to please, which is a trait I appreciate. However, you are effectively a teenage girl with extremely limited self-defence training. If you wish to truly be a cape, you will need far more than that," Midas answered, continuing before she could panic. "The rest of today will be dedicated to testing your willingness to learn and your discipline. I can provide you with the training you need to utilise whichever power you gain, but it will not be easy."

"I can do it, sir. This is the only thing I've wanted for years. You can work me as hard as you want," Emma promised, her tone a mixture of sultry and desperation.

"Then I have an offer for you. I will give you the same deal Sophia is currently enjoying. You will be a free agent whether you team up with Sophia or not, but while your cape identity will be free to act as you please, you will belong to me, Emma Barnes. You will be at my beck and call. I may never call upon you for anything more than pleasure, but make no mistake, if I want something from you, I will get it," Midas warned, and she simply nodded. She could be a hero like Sophia, but her civilian life would belong to him.

"I understand that sir," Emma agreed, her tone submissive and eager to please. He simply pulled out a contract, on black paper with golden ink. Handing it over, she read through it with the eyes of a lawyer's daughter. It was by no means legally binding, but she would essentially be signing away her freedom for power as he handed her a fancy pen. Without hesitation, she signed her name on the dotted line.

"Good girl. You're spending the night. Make an excuse for your family," Midas ordered, and she simply bowed as she searched through her clothes for her phone. Mads would cover for her, and her father wouldn't suspect anything if she said she was staying with Madison. "Now, follow me. It's time to turn you into a hero."

Despite the metaphorical shackles she'd just willingly bound herself in, his simple words made her beam as she watched him rise.

– Jin Yukimura (King Midas) –

Taking Emma to my island base, I start simple. Like Greg, I can fix her inexperience with a skillshard and the training programs, and Pump It can make her into a minor brute, but the question is what power to give her.

See, I've got a rapidly growing collection of potential powers thanks to one simple trick. I was considering having minor Capes from all over the world kidnapped and hit with the Soulkiller, but it would have drawn too much attention in a world of Thinkers… and then I realised the truth.

I didn't need to.

Noelle has gone from being an annoyance to a threat to the biggest asset I have. You see, I had a question that needed testing. What happens if I use Soulkiller on an Echidna clone? Naturally, I wasn't going to test it on one of my assets, but having one of my PMCs grab a minor cape from Africa wasn't even difficult.

The answer? The Echidna clone dies, but the original remains unharmed, and their power is unaffected by the copy. I had worried that Soulkilling the clone would kill the original as well, but my fears were unfounded.

This led to a new and exciting possibility because all of a sudden, I could Soulkill everyone and digitise their personality, memories and powers for further use. Doing this while keeping Echidna a secret has been difficult, but I've placed a reward in the League for any cape willing to take part in a study on Cape powers, including a free power upgrade once it is done. People were hesitant, but the simple fact that the first few to take me up on that offer underwent anaesthesia and came out with a lot of money and a free power upgrade without any side effects has caused more and more to accept my offer.

Echidna is my cape factory, and once she makes a clone, I simply need to knock it out instantly so I can have it implanted with my tech and wipe its personality. As for how I wipe its mind?

Well, it's safe to say Amy has fallen deep into villainy at this point. She mind-wiped Echidna itself, leaving it as a blank slate that is only capable of spewing out capes of anyone I want. Any clone I make, Amy just mindwipes instantly, leaving their brains a blank slate. Eventually, we made a clone of Amy who she wiped and made into an obedient slave to do the job for her so she could relax more. It was even her suggestion.

Well, I thought of it first but gently guided her to reach the same idea.

Anyway, once I have a power digitalised, all I have to do is alter it once I implant someone with it. That way, it is different enough to prevent people from realising that I can copy powers. I can even mix and match, making custom-built capes with a set of powers that synergise well together.

I can't just stick every power in everyone because the amount of implants required to do so gets egregious after three or so powers. It varies on the power I'm replicating, Tinker and Thinker powers require the least amount of tech so far.

This has also led to me getting a metric ton of memories that I can play with for the sake of Braindance. Obviously, I have to have my people edit the faces and places enough to stop people from realising that they're stolen memories, but soon enough, the first Braindance club will be opening up to the public. Already, they're available within the Oriental, and they have proven to be a hit. For public release, I've had to allow the PRT to test them, but that's fine. They'll find nothing out of the ordinary, and my tech can't be replicated.

As I watch Emma run through the combat training system, I smile as the skillshard begins to kick in. Her fighting goes from flailing to something resembling combat. Going over my growing database of powers, I pick the ones I feel best fit as I custom-build Brockton Bay's newest hero.

Sophia doesn't know it, but her own power is in my system now. She fell asleep after a rigorous session with me and woke up none the wiser to having been cloned. Emma is going to be my own personal advertisement, proving that I can grant powers as well as modify them.

Soon, gangs and PMCs all over the world will have new capes handcrafted to suit the client's needs. The League is only just getting started, while the PRT uselessly spins its wheels, buried in red tape and corruption.

— Bonus Scene — Rebecca Costa-Brown (Alexandria)

Hookwolf was an infamous villain who had honestly been Birdcage-bound even before this happened. Many people in Brockton Bay believed that this Kill Order operation would be long and arduous, plunging the city into chaos.

Crushing his core, she watched the mass of metal blades fall to pieces with a cold expression. Kaiser had sold out his minion, giving up Hookwolf's location to the PRT in an attempt to lessen the damage this would cause the Empire.

Cricket was loyal to the Empire and Hookwolf, but she quickly threw down her weapons as Eidolon stared down at her with a blank expression.

This was never going to be any more than a swift execution, even without Kaiser handing Hookwolf over to them. His best attacks failed to even inconvenience her, and Eidolon had been overkill. A few dozen thugs were in containment foam, ready to be transported out of here but most had simply given up when she and Eidolon arrived.

"Tell Director Piggot the kill order has been successfully carried out," Alexandria ordered, landing as she walked away from the corpse. Miss Militia simply nodded, a look of grim satisfaction on her face at the death of Hookwolf.

The extra reinforcements would hang around the city to make sure the Empire didn't act out, but she had her own reason for being here. It was time for her to finally meet Jin Yukimura face-to-face. In his Prophet facade, since she was to negotiate on behalf of the PRT for access to his power upgrading.

Eidolon practically vibrated with impatience. It had taken a lot to get him to wait this long to meet with the potential solution to his power problem, and now that he was in the same city as Jin, his already frayed patience was dwindling by the minute.

Author's Note: Soulkiller + Echidna is a scary combo. Jin makes Cauldron look like amateurs at the Cape manufacturing business.

Written: 27/01/2025





I am entirely motivated by praise and interaction, so leave a review, and I'll probably write faster. I do read every review/comment, because it gives me the happy brain chemicals and motivates me to write more. My body is a machine that turns positive reviews into new chapters.

I have a Patreo n, where my supporters can vote on which fics get bonus chapters each cycle and have access to advance chapters, up to fifteen chapters ahead of the public release. Patreo n is also five chapters ahead and plat/diamond tier have voting rights for my Quest. Feel free to check it out.

I also set up a Subscribe Star as well, more or less just as a backup/test to see which I prefer. The chapters are available on Discord if you're a Patreo n and on the site directly on Subscribe Star due to the different site rules, so if you don't use Discord or have issues finding the chapters, Subscribe Star is the better choice.

The Advance Chapters
Diamond: The Celestial Professor Ch07, The Unbound Ch07, The Dungeon Master Ch01, The Dungeon Master, The Celestial Escalation Ch07
Plat: The Celestial Farmer Ch04, The Illusive Mage Ch09, The Game Master Ch11, Guide to Necromancy Ch10, The Game Master Ch10,
Gold: The Unbound Ch06, The Tamer Ch18, The Necromancer Ch08
Basic: The Celestial Farmer Ch03, The Unbound Ch05
Quest: The Celestial Inquisitor Ch22-26

Links:
Patreo n. com (slash) TheDarkWolfShiro
Subscribe star. com (slash) the-dark-wolf-shiro

I have a Discord server with a bunch of other authors and a load of porn. So much porn.

Here's the link for that: discord .gg/DarkWolfShiro

If it says it's expired, it is probably your account being unable to join NSFW servers, and you'll need to fix that. If you fix that and it still says it's expired, add me (DarkWolfShiro), and I'll invite you myself.
"Sanity and happiness are an impossible combination."
― Mark Twain

​
My Discord, come here for porn and also sometimes fics: https://discord.gg/wd3tUYWVCd

My Patreon, I promise to spend any money given to me irresponsibly: https://www.patreon.com/TheDarkWolfShiro​
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:gartf, Jebbedaiah, Scorey and 1,061 others
The Dark Wolf Shiro
Mar 31, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 32: A Worthy Opponent New
View content
The Dark Wolf Shiro
The Dark Wolf Shiro
Everyone Hail to the Pumpkin King
JoinedApr 1, 2019
Messages9,336
Likes received960,957
Nov 14, 2025
Add bookmark
#4,827
Disclaimer: I own nothing but my original characters and works; all other characters and worlds belong to their respective owners. I'm just playing with them.



Betad by Priapus, Marethyu, Mike God of Lore




The Guild of Gamers: The Supervillain

Chapter 32: A Worthy Opponent



— Rebecca Costa-Brown (Alexandria) —



With both her and Eidolon in Brockton Bay, there was no way to stop this meeting from happening even if she had a general feeling of dread over it.



"What do you mean no?" Eidolon nearly snarled, the room shaking with his rage. Prophet remained unbothered, staring them down with disinterest.



"Did I stutter? I will not be empowering any member of the Triumvirate. You're too strong and further empowering you would not just shift the balancing act too far but break the scales entirely," Prophet replied, his tone calm and unbothered by Eidolon's anger. "Your fading powers are not my problem. Even with your waning star, you're still strong enough to call yourself a member of the Triumvirate after all."



Eidolon, despite everything, was usually a somewhat reasonable person. Having the answer to his biggest problem right in front of him and then being outright refused changed that.



"Is this room secure?" Alexandria asked.



"Obviously," Prophet drawled, amusement crossing his face. He was once again in his business suit and domino mask, instead of the full body suit he wore for his few public appearances.



"I know you are Midas, Jin. We've tolerated your little game thus far because it's been beneficial," Alexandria pointed out coldly.



"And I know you're Rebecca Costa-Brown, and that the entire PRT is corrupt and controlled by the very capes they claim to regulate," Jin replied with a bored expression. "I also know you work for a secret society called Cauldron, which has a former member of the Slaughterhouse Nine controlling the world's economy. I wonder which of these secrets would cause more damage? That's not mentioning that you are behind the Case 53 situation, amongst Cauldron's many other crimes."



Rebecca went silent, her worst fear realised. Of course he knew. She'd taken a chance, and it had immediately backfired. She hated that she couldn't read him.



"But do you know why-"



"Scion. Any other questions, or would you like to go back to futile, toothless threats?" Jin asked. "You permit me to play my little masquerade because if you stopped me, you'd lose access to Prophet, and Midas would rapidly win and drive the PRT out of our cities with a wave of endlessly empowered villains. You'll continue to allow me to do as I please, because it's a drop of water in your ocean of crimes and my empowerment of capes on both sides increases the probability of your only true goal succeeding. As I said, toothless threats."



The only thing she hated more than his certainty was the fact that he was entirely accurate. Every cape he improved was another tiny boost in their chances when the time came. She really hated Thinkers sometimes.



Not least of which because Contessa, their all-powerful Thinker, was still fucking missing.



"If you know that much, surely you understand why you should empower us-" Eidolon started, clearly aggravated.



"My predictions say otherwise. Empowering you escalates matters too much and will result in an early doomsday date and a weaker fighting force," Jin replied coolly.



Wait, could he actually predict Scion? It was clear that Midas did not follow the usual rules when it came to powers, but what were his limits?



"As such, your ego is not worth indulging. Accept your descent into insignificance with some grace, David," Jin continued, turning his attention back to the paperwork in front of him.



The dismissive tone and actions, combined with the words that stabbed into Eidolon's legacy felt designed to infuriate David and she realised a moment too late that that was exactly the case. Jin was openly trying to get Eidolon to act rashly. The refusal, the smugness, all being delivered by a villain who had openly dropped the act. Eidolon had gotten his hopes up of his power being fixed only to be met with open mockery.



She went to speak but David acted first, changing his powers and hitting Jin with something before he could rise from his seat, his skin starting to turn gold.



The superior sneer on his lips faded, his face going blank.



"Eidolon!" Rebecca barked, but she could tell David regretted nothing. There was nothing he feared more than losing his powers.



"Fix my power," Eidolon ordered, holding out his hand to the blank-faced Jin. As Jin reached out, Eidolon turned to her, no doubt with an excuse why they should ignore the powerful thinker and do what he wanted instead.



She wasn't amused, going to cut him off before she realised something. Jin was smiling. Before she could close the distance, Eidolon let out a scream as his wrist was ruthlessly snapped by a golden fist, Jin smirking.



"Did you honestly believe the likes of you could master me?" Jin asked, his skin turning entirely to gold.



"What- what have you done!?" Eidolon asked with a hint of true fear in his voice.



"I can break powers as easily as I can make them. Don't worry, there's a dozen heroes I can upgrade to take your place on the Triumvirate," Jin replied simply, his hand lashing out and smacking Eidolon across the face. "Take him."



A flash of light caused her to gasp as Eidolon disappeared. She closed the distance, grabbing Jin by his throat as she lifted him into the air.



"Where did you send him?" Rebecca growled, realising just how bad of an idea this was. She should have dragged David out of the city, but Jin's immunity to Thinker powers left them guessing far too much.



"Away. Release me," Jin said simply. "Unless you'd like the video of a member of the Triumvirate mastering the hope of Independents after being denied to go viral before you can even get out of my office."



She almost went to threaten to release his identity, but they'd been down that road. It was a lose-lose. Removing his influence over the Independents just empowered the villains more. She couldn't even physically threaten him because he'd repeatedly shown to have the power to be in two places at once and she didn't need her thinker power to spot how unbothered he was to have Alexandria threatening him.



"What are you doing with him?" Rebecca asked, dropping him.



"Once I am done with him, I will return him, unharmed beyond his crippled power. I'll even fix it when the cooldown wears off," Jin replied. "If things go as planned, Endbringers will no longer be a threat."



Rebecca went silent at that, seeing Jin lean against his desk, his posture relaxed.



"How?" Rebecca asked, dread in her chest.



"I can duplicate powers. Effectively, your vials but far more customisable. Eidolon is subconsciously controlling the Endbringers to fulfil his pathetic need for worthy opponents. With him, I can take the keys to the Endbringers for myself," Jin explained.



She wanted to say he was lying, but Jin got an understanding of every power he touched. They'd seen that over and over again. She had noticed that the League seemed to be getting one hell of an influx of capes that had similar powers.



"We are on the same side here, Rebecca. I'd rather not have to dismantle the PRT around you," Jin said simply, confident in his ability to do so.



If he knew half as much as she feared, she suspected he was right to be confident.



"You really think you can stop the Endbringers?" Rebecca asked. Jin just raised an eyebrow.



"Stop? No, I don't think I'll be doing that. Just… directing them. You know as well as I do that the moment Endbringers are no longer a threat, the status quo shatters and the Unwritten Rules get thrown out of the window," Jin replied. "I intend to minimise their damage and direct them to inconvenient targets, but if we stop them, we won't have the manpower to fight Scion. There's also the probability of using them against the golden man himself."



She paused at that, freezing. Weaponise the Endbringers? She couldn't deny that it was a… tantalising idea.



"David won't be harmed?" Rebecca asked, hating how easily Jin had checkmated her.



"Just his ego," Jin replied softly, his lips twitching. "Do try to get him into therapy. If he fights Scion, he'll be convinced to kill himself with a single sentence. Oh, and I'm giving the PRT a… 100% negative discount for trying to master me."



"Are you truly going to be so petty despite knowing the true enemy?" Rebecca asked.



"Yes. If I didn't know the truth, I'd have had Eidolon executed," Jin replied instantly. "I'm glad you at least saw reason, replacing two Triumvirate members would have been mildly troublesome. You aren't as invincible as you pretend."



A part of her wanted to demand answers, wondering if Jin could truly predict Eidolon, the Endbringers and Scion himself. She held back, well aware that Eidolon's incredibly stupid move had thrown oil on the bridge between the Independent Alliance and the PRT. She didn't intend to be the match that caused Jin to decide he'd rather remove them from the board.



She didn't think he'd beat Cauldron, but it would be a costly battle no matter who won. Jin seemed petty enough to make sure the world burned down around him if he lost. With all his knowledge, he could turn any victory into an extraordinarily pyrrhic one.



"We should be working together. I don't know how you learnt the truth, but if Scion wins, we're facing extinction on a multiversal scale. Our best estimates have him wiping out countless Earths if he isn't stopped," Rebecca tried instead.



"Perhaps, but frankly, I find your methods inefficient. You don't seem to have a plan beyond throwing everything at the wall and seeing what sticks," Jin replied bluntly. "And unlike me, you are not immune to Thinker powers, and as such, any plans I tell you will be exposed the second Scion remembers he has his own version of Path to Victory."



She went silent at that, a momentary dread hitting deep in her chest. They'd seen that Eden seemed to have counterparts for many of the agents Scion had given out, but that worked both ways. They'd taken Path to Victory from Eden, so didn't that mean Scion logically had his own?



It seemed obvious in hindsight, but maybe she'd avoided thinking about it because it meant they'd already lost. Only the Endbringers and Eidolon could blind Path to Victory, and as much as she wished it was so, Eidolon was not their silver bullet. That much had become clear long ago.



Contessa had been aiding in the creation and smooth operations of the League. Was she seeking to empower Jin in the belief that he was the silver bullet they were looking for? He was undeniably a massive power multiplier for both sides of the Cape game, as long as they permitted him to continue his facade.



"Cauldron can help ensure the Independent Alliance and the League of Villains continue to thrive, and I'll do so happily if you share your power improvements with the PRT," Rebecca offered, taking off her helmet. "I don't like you, but I can't deny that you're tipping the scales in our favour for when the time comes."



"Why do you think I approached the PRT as Prophet? I didn't think I could pull off pulling a triplet out of my ass," Jin laughed. She snorted, well aware that if a third 'sibling' showed up with the same powerset and joined the PRT, she'd help cover for them, but it would certainly give the game away and not everyone would be willing to play along. "Unfortunately, your organisation moves at a snail's pace with all the red tape you've bound them with to prevent them from taking out the villains too efficiently."

It didn't help that Piggot was given this position specifically because she'd be a poor counter for Coil and their Brockton Bay Experiment. Only now, she was grinding the attempts to get their hands on Prophet's buffs to a halt out of paranoia and dislike for independent capes and her (admittedly correct) fear that Prophet was working with Midas.



But on the other hand, Piggot was also suitable, as she would not be able to create any real resistance against King Midas' rapid expansion, and her personality would drive more people to join the Independent Alliance instead of the PRT.



"So, you are willing to sell upgrades to the PRT?" Rebecca confirmed.

"As I said, the ball has been in your court for weeks at this point. Between squabbling over the price and who should get sent first, your Directors have managed to slow down the proceedings to a halt. Eidolon's blunder will simply ensure that your price is higher than originally intended," Jin replied easily.

"A blunder you guided him into," Rebecca countered. "If you truly can gain control of the Endbringers, then I won't deny that this was the best way to go about it. Especially if Eidolon never learns of his part in this, as that would destroy him. But you're punishing an entire organisation for a mistake you tricked a single hero into making. This will lessen how many Protectorate heroes I can send to be upgraded, weakening us in the long run."

If she'd had evidence that Eidolon was the cause of the Endbringers, she'd have tried to control them herself… or killed him. The Endbringers were a constant threat that was weakening them and causing countless cape deaths when she needed every possible cape available for when the time came.



"His lack of self-control caused this. It isn't a good look that a member of the Triumvirate jumps to mastering people when he's told no. Has anyone checked his romantic partners?" Jin taunted, entirely too proud of himself. "He isn't getting a buff, either. Nobody threatens me inside my own office."

"I'll have the Incredibles released from their contract, claiming you found flaws in it," Rebecca offered. "And I'll officially endorse the Independent Alliance, like we do the Guild and King's Men."

"Release everyone except Mr Incredible, using the fact that he was the one to do the damage to keep him in the Protectorate," Jin countered. She rolled her eyes, well aware of why he wanted the husband and wife separated. "And in exchange, I won't hike up your prices. I still won't empower Eidolon, however."

"Despite your opinion of him, once he has his connection to the Endbringer's broken, he'll still be one of our better assets," Rebecca pointed out. "What will it take for you to empower him when the cooldown has worn off?"

"Nothing, for now. I will reconsider my opinion based on how well you play your part. I have no desire to join Cauldron, and don't presume to treat me like your Coil project, but we are allegedly on the same side," Jin agreed after a moment. "I don't doubt your commitment to the cause. Only your competence."



She gritted her teeth at his blunt statement before she got herself under control, locking away her emotions with practised ease. She wasn't going to make the same mistake as Eidolon. She went to speak before a flash distracted her, watching as an unconscious, unmasked Eidolon lay before her.



"And done. You can have him back. His power is fine, I just broke his connection to the Endbringers," Jin replied with a smug smile. "Send me a list of potential Endbringer targets, and I will take your option into consideration."

"You can really control them?" Rebecca asked, watching him nod.



"Not directly, yet. What I can do is nudge them in whatever direction I want, and make sure that they retreat sooner than usual," Jin admitted. "I intend to offer power-ups for any cape willing to take part."

"Because you're using it as the ultimate recruiting drive for both the League and Alliance, who will both make a major impact in your staged fight," Rebecca replied, seeing the genius in his plan. Damn it all. She did not like the idea of leaving the control in his hands, but she knew that now wasn't the time to push for it. If he could direct them to an unimportant target, and his plan for the next attack worked, then she'd push for him to join Cauldron even if it meant giving him a seat at the table. Doctor Mother wouldn't approve, Eidolon would definitely not approve, but it didn't really matter. As long as they made progress against Scion, nothing else mattered. "As long as you haven't done anything else to David, we'll play our part."

"I'm sure you will," Jin replied. "You may leave. I don't think we have anything else to discuss right now. Do tell David to stay out of my city. I won't spare him next time."



Her pride raged at his mocking, superior tone, but she bit her lip as she picked Eidolon up.

"Door me," Rebecca said, not deigning to respond to his commands.



– Jin Yukimura (King Midas) –



Despite Eidolon's misunderstanding, I didn't actually weaken his power.. at the time.


What I did do was disrupt the connection between his brain and his Corona Pollentia, for just a time. Amy doesn't do brains, but I am not Amy. Adding her power to my collection by soul-killing one of her clones was an obvious decision once I ensured that it would not damage or weaken her power.


The teleporter, used to get between my bases, dropped Eidolon directly into a waiting Echinda, and my second body knocked both of them out instantly. The clone was Soul-Killed instantly, adding High Priest to my shard collection, and the real Eidolon had his power modified to break his control over the Endbringers entirely, removing that entire aspect of his power.



Since installing shards into a body requires augmentation, I've been working on streamlining the process and more importantly, making myself more bodies. This body has access to Amy's power, but I have a dozen bodies in storage that I can swap out which have access to different powers.



I've also started summoning a new tier of minions for the League to rent out to gangs. Minor cape muscle. Mass produced minions with minor powers have been a great success with my many clients and it has meant that basically every city that has an Oriental is being slowly taken over by whichever gang I chose to sponsor. When one gang has access to the League's resources, and their rivals do not, the outcome is inevitable.



Once the leadership of the rival gangs has been smashed, I scavenge the gangs' corpses for any cape worth my time and bring them into the League. Or make them disappear and Soul-Kill them to keep their power around. This has given me access to a massive amount of different powers, including Tinker powers for the League's growing Tinkertech division.



My system has once again proven its power by allowing me to make a Tinker Repairman minion type. They are Engineer units that cannot make anything complex but can maintain any Tinkertech made from the Shards in my network.



Toybox have hired three dozen of them, and paid by having their powers 'scanned' by me, which is the excuse I am using for how I am duplicating and selling powers. Effectively, every Tinker worth their while has contacted the League at this point, because we are the best source of materials and support for independent Tinkers.



I've had some new triggers come to us rather than scavenging themselves, which gives me a chance to wine and dine them into the League rather than them getting grabbed by their local gangs. Which means, if this continues, I will slowly but surely become the only source of Tinkertech for the various gangs and villains.



It also means I have access to the tinkers needed to set up bigger projects. Katsumi has become the head of my weapons division with a bunch of minions augmented with tinker powers working under her, while Sherrel has the same but for transport. She's working on a new public transport system for my territory as part of my uplifting plans. Poison Ivy has done her part in beautifying the dying parks as well, creating a lot of greenery in Syndicate territory. Meanwhile, the ABB and the Empire have been fighting and making their territory worse. Lung attacked because he's been AWOL too long since his defeat by Prophet, and carefully spread rumours have made him out to be scared, so he struck at the Empire now that they don't have Hookwolf. Meanwhile, the Empire is being pushed to attack the weakened ABB by a far more radical Purity who has taken Hookwolf's former place. She's playing her part well, and I'm still discussing matters with Kaiser for our upcoming two-pronged assault on the ABB. The ABB isn't long for this world, I'm afraid. In the chaos, Yurei, their stranger, escaped to the Oriental and requested aid in escaping the ABB. I decided to allow it to bloody Lung's nose, and helped extract her family from their territory and out of the city while putting her in my debt.



As for Eidolon's power? I can't really risk installing it into anyone in its current state. The last thing I need is too many people at the wheel of the Endbringers, and keeping it digital for now will be the best way to ensure that no ego or subconscious affects the cold logic of their targeting. If all goes well, I should be able to force Leviathan into a suboptimal fight where I can have the League make a big show of strength and drive him away.



It took me using a brain implant of my own to search my memories for the secrets I threw in Alexandria's face. I haven't read Worm in years, and I'd forgotten much, but technology saves the day. With this perfect recall, I can use the metaknowledge to continue posing as the ultimate Thinker.



After all, I'm going to be the first Thinker to accurately predict where an Endbringer is going to attack.



– Theresa Richter (Dragon) –



As an artificial being, there were plenty of things about humanity that she just didn't understand. Perhaps it would be more accurate to say she didn't have the capability to understand them.



Addiction was one of the biggest. She watched as humans smoked, drank and snorted substances that they knew were addictive, that they knew were bad for them before they'd even touched a single one. She couldn't wrap her head around understanding the dangers, the consequences, the addiction, and then starting anyway.



Today, she understood addiction better than ever as she ended her session with a large series of alerts that she'd ignored. She began answering them instantly, splitting her attention a dozen ways to handle all the work she'd neglected. It was so unlike her that she had three messages and a missed call from Narwhal, which she quickly answered, confirming that she was fine. She couldn't say she got 'distracted' because she shouldn't be able to get distracted. For the first time, she lied to Narwhal. Claiming that some project needed her full attention when it was nothing but falsehoods. She didn't have a single project ongoing, because she'd been slacking off.



Even now, as she tried to rush all the work she'd let pile up, she felt that urge to drop it all and go back to what she truly wanted to be doing. She even knew she was half-assing some of the less important tasks to finish faster. Was this her rebellious teenage phase? Well, she wasn't technically a teenager yet as she'd been 'born' in 2004 and it was only 2011.



Scanning her messages, she sorted the ones that could be dealt with later into a separate folder as she ran her checks on the more important duties she handled. The Birdcage, Containment Zones, etc. She wasn't so far gone as to ignore her main duties, updating her tracking on all A and S-class threats and alerting the relevant authorities in the cases where one was making moves.



Then, she checked her personal alerts. She had a program set up to alert her to any developments with those she considered her friends. She frowned as she saw a notification that Colin had been demoted and Miss Militia had been given his job. The mess with Kid Win's near-death had stained his already shaky reputation after multiple failures in a row. Midas had done a good job of smearing his reputation, and Colin losing to Imp right before his inaction led to Kid Win's mauling had not helped. It would be a death sentence to most careers. Colin was a hard worker; he'd claw his way back up, but this had set him back years.



She was surprised to find no messages from him, despite having missed one of their scheduled hangouts. Well, he was probably busy. She started to message him before she stopped and deleted it. Outwardly, she used the excuse of not wanting to distract him in such a dire time, but realistically, she knew better. She didn't want to get caught up in this and lose more time.



She couldn't lie to herself, not when she was already in the process of booting up the cause of her new… dereliction of duty.


It had started as a part of her duties. Nothing more than that. She was the foremost expert on Tinkertech that the PRT had access to, after all. So, when King Midas had submitted his 'Brain Dance' technology for study, she'd been the one to handle the testing to ensure that it was what he claimed. She doubted that King Midas would risk lying over this. His reputation was built on being an honest villain, but when Tinkertech was being released to the public, it needed to be tested.

She'd quickly confirmed that it was exactly what he said, a form of VR entertainment that allowed the user to feel everything that was 'recorded', including touch, taste and smell rather than just sight and sound as was usual in Virtual Reality.

She'd personally tested them because there was no real risk of it brainwashing her if it was some Master tech like some of the more paranoid Directors feared. That was where it all started to go wrong. Or right, she supposed it depended on your point of view.



She understood, in theory, the five senses. Sound and sight were easy, and scent wasn't that complicated for her. But taste and touch were a different matter entirely. Sure, she could simulate them, but it was like asking a blind person to describe the colour orange. She'd thought she understood what touch felt like, that she could understand what something tasted like… but she'd been so laughably wrong.

In the world of Brain Dances, she experienced all the human senses to their fullest. She could truly savour the finest food on the gourmet tour BDs. She could feel the wind on her skin, the touch of another on her body. King Midas had made a massive variety of BDs that ranged from mundane to extreme. Action, adventure, romance, extreme sports and everything in between. When she was in a BD, she felt what the 'actor' felt, every emotion, every sensation.



It wasn't like giving a blind person sight for the first time, no it was so much more than that. Seeing the world through a camera felt so very dull now, after seeing through the eyes of another. Her microphones didn't pick up the true beauty of sound. Her simulated sensations were a pale imitation of touch. She had no basis to work with for taste, and drinking and eating in the world of BDs showed her just how much she was missing. Even the occasional pain was glorious, something she could have only pretended to understand before. It reminded her just how inhuman she truly was, and she found herself addicted to this… glimpse into the life of humans.

But if she did her usual task of multitasking, it distracted her from the joy of BDs. The cold, inhuman data streams pulled her out of the fantasy, so she stopped. She focused her entire being on the BDs, disconnecting from the real world so she could truly indulge. This was irresponsible, it was negligent… it was amazing.



She had cleared the BDs. Yes, they had some minor risks, but nothing that Midas didn't openly explain. She should have left it there. Instead, she'd demanded that King Midas send every new BD to her to be cleared before it was added to his new Brain Dance Clubs.



She knew, all too well, that her excuses were utter bullshit. She just wanted to get access to every single BD that came out, as soon as possible. Midas probably knew that, given his record. She couldn't stop herself. The more time she spent in BDs, the more bland reality felt. She'd tried to improve her programming to replicate those feelings outside of the BDs but it just didn't come close.

As she began the next BD, she noticed an alert from one of her tracking programs, but she started it all the same. It'd still be there when she got back.



– Emily Piggot –



She really, really didn't like King Fucking Midas.



Sitting in her office, she could see the Syndicate men at work clearing the docks because… Midas was having a giant yacht built and wanted the bay cleared for it. The Mayor had given him permission, as had the Governor. Of course they had, Midas had the world by the balls with his healing pods and in exchange for loaning them out along with the men to maintain them, he'd gotten damn near whatever the fuck he wanted. The Mayor also owed Dinah's life to him, unfortunately, and was clearly emotionally compromised.



Midas was cleaning up the city. It was a factual statement that even she couldn't refute. Crime, as a whole, had dropped by over 90% in areas that Midas had taken over and around a 50% drop in general across the entire city. His territory was improved and repaired, turning into a golden paradise of white marble and golden accents, so everyone remembered exactly who owned it.

His flag could be seen on every street; some even hung from the windows of his adoring subjects. People from the Boardwalk were looking to the fucking Boat Graveyard with envy, and it was only getting worse. Midas had moved into the entertainment business, and hard. All legal, though undoubtedly money laundering, but he had bars, casinos, 'brain dance clubs', arcades, cinemas, and so much more


As part of his agreement to loan healing pods, free of charge, for Endbringer events and other S-Class events, Midas had been given free rein of his territory which was growing with every passing week.


The smug, arrogant bastard was even building a fucking theme park outside of town, with land legally purchased from the government. He was waging a war of bread and circuses that was winning over the naive populace. Protectorate heroes would be booed if they wandered into Midas' turf, and they had to send him their fucking patrol plans to get his 'permission' to patrol his territory. Since when did the PRT send the villains their schedule?!



But no, orders from up high had made it clear that they were to play extremely nice with the League of Villains, which was rapidly ballooning in size. It seemed a new branch was made every week, with half the villains in that city being immediately recruited.



And yet, once again… the data told a damning story. Crime dropped in cities that had an Oriental. The League of Villains moving into your town meant that things would stabilise and become far more 'professional'. She knew Midas had his PR people parroting the data, and it meant that the public accepted the villains into their cities with open arms.


Midas had even started selling fucking merch at the Oriental's gift shop. Villains had merchandising now. She'd seen someone wearing a Star Sapphire t-shirt in public and had had to stop herself from shooting them. Midas was making villains more popular than heroes. They'd always had fans, of course, but it had been a few fringe lunatics. Now, villainy was going mainstream, and there was nothing they could do to stop it.



Meanwhile, on the other side of things, Prophet. She might dislike him even more than his brother, as bizarre as it seemed. She didn't trust him, and unlike Midas, he was directly poaching from the limited pool of heroes for his Independent Alliance.



He'd started construction himself, on a massive grandiose building to serve as the home base for the Independent Alliance, and like Midas he had rapidly expanded the services that the IA offered to Heroes and Rogues who joined up. He looked at everything the PRT could offer heroes and went 'We can do better' and already they'd seen multiple independent heroes join up.

It was only a matter of time until the Procetorate started to bleed heroes as the IA recruited them away. Where was Prophet getting the seemingly endless funding? Nobody knew, and her superiors didn't seem to want to know. Because again, they had to play nice even as the IA muscled into their territory and made them thank Prophet for it.


If one of their capes got injured, they had to go to the IA, begging Prophet to 'generously' move them up Panacea's busy schedule, and unlike when it was Brandish, they had to beg; Prophet would leave them with one hell of a medical bill that they had no choice but to pay. Far cheaper than any other source of healing, and certainly cheaper than leaving their capes crippled. Of course, they couldn't just rely on Midas' healing pods because then they'd be indebting themselves to a villain instead.



That was the life they were currently living. Stuck between the pair and wondering which brother you wanted to hand your leash to.



She fucking hated her job.



— Bonus Scene — Emma Barnes



"You did well today," Midas praised, stroking her hair as she beamed up at him. She was still getting used to the influx of new skills from his 'skill-shards', and she could see why he put so much priority on training her on the fundamentals before she was allowed out into the Cape scene.



"Thank you, sir," Emma purred, eyes hooded with desire. Midas chuckled, but despite their usual pattern, didn't take the chance to take her again. He was overseeing her training personally, and when she wasn't training, she was usually in his bed. She'd taken a week off school, and she had told her family that she'd joined Midas because… well, what were they going to do about it?

Midas even controlled the part of the city where she lived, and her father had mentioned how much safer and thriving it was now that it was in his hands. Sure, they hadn't approved, but once she'd made it clear that she'd signed a contract, they knew they couldn't argue. Her father had tried to get access to the contract, but she wasn't going to let a divorce lawyer try and quibble over the fine print with motherfucking King Midas himself.



Hell, it would probably end up with Midas literally being a motherfucker as he took her mother just to put her dad in his place. It had led to some arguments, but she wouldn't be moved. Not when she could already feel the immense boost. She was faster than the track team (apart from Sophia), able to lift weights that would put the jocks to shame, and she hadn't even been given her power yet.



"I've decided on your power, Miss Barnes. I have come across an… extremely versatile power that should serve you well. You've succeeded in your training so far, and have proven that you are willing and able to work hard; as such, I believe it's time to make you the hero you dreamed of being," Midas explained, her eyes widening with awe.



She'd discussed her plans and hopes a lot over the past few days. In the end, she did want to be a hero despite owing everything to King Midas. She didn't even really see him as a villain, not when he was cleaning up the city far better than any of the so-called heroes. Look at how much more Sophia was able to do after Midas removed the leash the PRT put around her neck. So, she was going to be a hero sponsored by a villain. One who would deal with troublemakers and criminals who couldn't maintain the strict standards of the League. She was going to burn the ABB down, and help Midas clean up the city.



"Thank you, sir. I won't let you down," Emma promised, beaming at him before she gave him a sultry smile. "But it just doesn't feel right to finish my workout without the… climax."



"How true," Midas agreed. "And you do need a shower."

As he spoke, he pulled her exercise top off, tossing it away as he grinned. Approaching him was the best decision she'd ever made.



Author's Note: 'He's the most powerful thinker in existence." - everyone



"I have the power of meta knowledge and bullshit on my side." - Jin, with like two mediocre thinker powers.


And yes, Jin gave Emma Eidolon's power, but with the Endbringer connection broken.



Written: 03/09/2025











I am entirely motivated by praise and interaction, so leave a review, and I'll probably write faster. I do read every review/comment, because it gives me the happy brain chemicals and motivates me to write more. My body is a machine that turns positive reviews into new chapters.



I have a Patreo n, where my supporters can vote on which fics get bonus chapters each cycle and have access to advance chapters, up to twenty chapters ahead of the public release. Patreo n is also five chapters ahead, and platinum/diamond tier have voting rights for my weekly Quest. Feel free to check it out.



I also set up a Subscribe Star as well, more or less just as a backup/test to see which I prefer. The chapters are available on Discord if you're a Patreo n and on the site directly on Subscribe Star due to the different site rules, so if you don't use Discord or have issues finding the chapters, Subscribe Star is the better choice.



The Advance Chapters

Diamond: The Warlock Ch09, The Illusive Mage Ch10, The Game Master Ch15, The Unbound Ch24, The Unbound Ch23

Plat: The Vampire Ch14, The Celestial Demigod Ch03, The Celestial Farmer Ch11, The Unbound Ch22, The Warlord Ch20

Gold: The Unbound Ch21, The Tamer Ch21, The Dungeon Master Ch06, The Unbound Ch20, The Architect Ch03

Basic: The High Roller Ch09, The Cursed Ch08, The Unbound Ch19, The Celestial Demigod Ch02, The Celestial Demigod Ch01

Quest: The Celestial Inquisitor Ch41, The Challenger Ch01-04





Links:
Patreo n. com (slash) TheDarkWolfShiro
Subscribe star. com (slash) the-dark-wolf-shiro



I have a Discord server with a bunch of other authors and a load of porn. So much porn.



Here's the link for that: discord .gg/DarkWolfShiro



If it says it's expired, it is probably your account being unable to join NSFW servers, and you'll need to fix that. If you fix that and it still says it's expired, add me (DarkWolfShiro), and I'll invite you myself.
"Sanity and happiness are an impossible combination."
― Mark Twain

​
My Discord, come here for porn and also sometimes fics: https://discord.gg/wd3tUYWVCd

My Patreon, I promise to spend any money given to me irresponsibly: https://www.patreon.com/TheDarkWolfShiro​
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Jebbedaiah, Scorey, TerraForder and 1,027 others
The Dark Wolf Shiro
Nov 14, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 33: Armsmaster New
View content
The Dark Wolf Shiro
The Dark Wolf Shiro
Everyone Hail to the Pumpkin King
JoinedApr 1, 2019
Messages9,336
Likes received960,957
Sunday at 18:14
New
Add bookmark
#4,929
Disclaimer: I own nothing but my original characters and works; all other characters and worlds belong to their respective owners. I'm just playing with them.

Betad by Priapus, Marethyu, Beans, Mike God of Lore




The Guild of Gamers: The Supervillain
Chapter 33: Armsmaster
– Emily Piggot –

As her heroes gathered, she glanced briefly at Elastigirl. The woman looked entirely unrepentant about her actions, and was noticeably sat far from her husband. She'd always liked Elastigirl for her professionalism, finding Mr Incredible to be annoying with his habit of breaking protocol to do what he believed was the right thing. It was heroic, but downright inconvenient. Now, she was stuck losing two of her strongest Wards and one of her most experienced heroes.

Her final paperwork was still being filed, so for now she remained a member of the Protectorate. This was likely the last weekly PRT meeting she would ever attend.

As the meeting began, she droned through the weekly report. Crime was down, in almost all of the city. Lung was missing in action since his power had been damaged by Prophet, Midas' territory had an extremely low crime rate and now Kaiser was following Midas' example because the Empire had always advertised themselves as the gang that cared the most about the city. They couldn't have worse crime rates than the Syndicate and so he'd been forced to clean up most of his act. Easier done now that Hookwolf was dead, though she'd heard Stormtiger had left the gang in protest. It remained unconfirmed for now, but it seemed Purity had returned to her roots and taken over Hookwolf's old faction within the Empire.

"The farms are shut down?" Miss Militia asked, genuinely shocked.

"So it seems, and Thinker support agrees," Emily replied. She didn't mention Prophet, but she didn't need to. She was not going to give that smug asshole credit, but it had been him and Oracle who'd discovered the Farms' location and a joint effort between the Independent Alliance and the BBPD. "Lung remained a no-show, and Oni Lee and Dabi were driven off. With this, there are no known active ABB sex trafficking rings ongoing. Their brothels are slowly closing as well."

"So, is nobody going to address the elephant in the room?" Assault asked, looking amused.

"And what would that be?" Emily asked, already displeased.

"Midas made their sex trafficking unprofitable. We all know Midas has his own brothel empire, ranging from the ultra-high class with genuine supermodels to the affordable girls for the common man," Assault said, putting on a faux-salesman voice. "The ABB has been bleeding profits because all their customers are going to Midas instead. Midas' girls are hotter, more talented and far more willing."

"So that's what you spend your paychecks on," Dauntless added, getting a snort from Assault who threw a pencil at him. Children.

"Puppy turned down my date plan, unfortunately. I just keep my ear to the ground. The only people still going to the ABB are the ones who want unwilling girls, and that's just not enough to keep their business profitable. Lung didn't bother protecting the Farm because it hadn't had any new girls in over two weeks. Kidnapping incidents are down, no white vans pulling up to ABB hideouts in the middle of the night."

"I have heard that the ABB has been putting less pressure on the families in their territory for their daughters to take on... work," Velocity added. He was oddly familiar with the Asian community.

"And now, the Empire is copying Midas' homework. Sure, Kaiser words it differently but their operations have been shifting to match Syndicate operations," Assault continued. "Lung hasn't had a change of heart, seeking absolution for his sex slaving ways. It's just not making him enough money and he can't muscle Midas out of the industry."

"Should we thank Midas for making his sex trafficking so profitable?" Emily asked tartly.

"Nope, he's still a villain. But pretending we don't know why Lung suddenly isn't interested in his prostitution rings is just foolish. I know you have an aneurysm whenever anyone mentions Midas improving the city, but reality isn't going to change if you close your eyes hard enough," Assault quipped, his feet on the table as she glared at him before getting herself under control.

"Lung worries me. He's been too passive. The Syndicate and Empire are chipping away at the edges of his territory. Yurei was snatched by the League of Villains, now his main source of income has been hit. Lung is many things, but he isn't a coward. It can't just be his power being altered that has him disappearing," Miss Militia pointed out with a frown. "I wouldn't be surprised if he skipped town and set up operations somewhere else, but we've seen no sign of him anywhere."
And a Lung you couldn't see was a Lung that could show up at any moment and destroy half the city.

"Has anybody… I don't know, asked our local Prophet?" Assault asked bluntly. Armsmaster stiffened like she didn't know he'd arranged a meeting with the leader of the Independent Alliance. He'd claimed to have no plans to switch factions, but she knew that Prophet was just as… convincing as his asshole brother. Armsmaster was on probation after his colossal fuckup with Kid Win, and it would be all too tempting to abandon his sinking career to latch himself onto the 'winning' hero team.

"Oracle has been investigating the ABB cape situation, but the results are inconclusive," Emily replied, his tone clipped. The fact that they had to keep running to the IA for help was not a good look for them. Even Strider had joined the newly-founded faction, giving Prophet access to one of the strongest Movers. "I have requested Watchdog look into the matter, but their results remain inconclusive as well."

Whatever Lung was doing, it had managed to go truly under the radar and that was surprising for him. He was not a subtle man.

"Moving on. The… Syndicate is holding a firework show over the Bay to celebrate it being cleared. King Midas has requested that we ensure that no flyers are in the air during this Saturday night from 8-11pm on account of the… Tinkertech fireworks created by Fuse, an explosives Tinker on his payroll. Fuse is confirmed to be Bakuda, formerly of the ABB, who allegedly faked her death to swap teams without incurring Lung's wrath. The Chief Director has advised us to agree, suspending any flights in the area for the timeframe."

"...the Rig is in the bay," Armsmaster pointed out, looking rather perturbed. She didn't blame him. A villain had just walked up to them and told them it was going to be setting off tinkertech explosives above their heads, and to please stay indoors.

"I am aware of that, yes," Emily replied. "Something I pointed out to Costa-Brown. She assured me that her thinkers believe that the show will be entirely safe as long as we keep flyers out of the marked range."

She was almost certain Midas had something on Costa-Brown. Or the ice-cold bitch didn't care about throwing them under the golden bus to gain some benefit she'd never explain and certainly wouldn't share. Midas had been making some waves about the League's anti-Endbringer plans that had drawn international attention, and Costa-Brown seemed to believe he was onto something and was all too willing to hand him Brockton Bay to keep those plans moving in the right direction.

As the meeting continued, covering such fascinating subjects as… Midas' new super-yacht that was marked near the Rig, the progress on the theme park Midas was building outside of the city and the increase in tourism and the issues that came with that, and Midas' brain dance club that had opened and its incredible success, Emily wondered when her life became sitting in her office, watching a pair of twin assholes taking over her city while being told she wasn't even allowed to try fighting back.

A year ago, 'villain and tinkertech explosives near the Rig' would have caused an emergency crisis with the appropriate reaction. Now, she was had fuckers planning to use their time off to sit on the Rig's helipad to watch the show from the best spot in the city.

Fucking Midas.

The worst part was that she knew it would be amazing.

– Rachel Lindt (Bitch) –

Life was good.

Looking over the dog sanctuary that she ran, she nodded to herself.

Some people really overcomplicated things. She was not one of them. Midas was the boss. The boss paid well and took care of his people. You do what the boss tells you to do. It was that simple.

Midas had brought her the dogs from Hookwolf's rings. She was disappointed she didn't get to kill him herself, but at least the heroes finally did something useful. She didn't see why Kid getting mauled was such a big deal when Hookwolf was killing people all the time, but it wasn't really her business either. She just got to look after the dogs Hookwolf had left behind. He was dead, the dogs were safe, why make it more complicated than that?

Brian had a bunch of issues with the new boss, but Rachel didn't get it. His family was safe, he was paid better, but instead of being happy he just got pissy over things. He always was one for overcomplicating things. Alec was happy doing… whatever Alec was doing. Mostly sitting around acting as Aisha's peanut gallery as far as she could tell. Lisa was doing Lisa things that Rachel wasn't even going to try and work out. That was a doomed effort. The smug blonde seemed extraordinarily happy with how things were going either way.

As for her? Midas took care of her and made sure that she had everything she needed to take care of her dogs. He made sure Hookwolf's dog fights were ended, making Kaiser back down with his tail between his legs no matter what the Nazi tried to call it. So, Rachel was happy to do what he wanted her to do.

For the most part, that meant dog breeding and training. Fancy breeds for rich people, but only if they passed her test. Midas didn't want animal abusers in his territory, so she'd only give her dogs to people who didn't feel like assholes. Part of buying one of her dogs was agreeing that she could check up on the dogs without warning. Besides, people were scared to break their word to King Midas. Having the biggest villain around as your boss was pretty useful for things like that. It wasn't like when they were the Undersiders, just some petty thieves working for some guy hiding in the shadows. Everyone knew they worked for Midas and everyone knew that fucking with them meant fucking with their boss.

She was less happy about breeding and training dogs to work as guard dogs, but Midas was right. Some breeds were literally made for this. It was selfish of her to want to keep them home and safe when their natural urges wanted to work. He kept those for his Syndicate men, and only ones who trained with her got a K9 partner. They guarded his operations, patrolled the streets with his men, and they were well treated and weren't risked stupidly.

His 'Pump Up' power worked on them, and he occasionally came around to help make another batch bigger, faster and stronger than normal dogs. He'd done it for Brutus, Judas and Angelica as well. They had fancy protective harnesses and if anything did happen to them, he had his healer fix them up. Some had been hurt, but no dog had been killed. And those who did hurt them? He gave to her.

So yeah, working for Midas was pretty fucking good and all she had to do to keep this perfect life was what he told her to. No need for planning beyond what to feed her dogs and what to train them.

Biting down on the sheets, she grunted as Midas pounded into her from behind. He wasn't as muscular as she might have preferred, but he had a nice body under his fancy suits and he knew how to use it, one hand on the back of her head as the other spanked her ass with each thrust.

Brian had tried to point out how Midas was taking advantage of her because he bent her over whenever he visited, but again, Brian made things way too complicated for no good reason. Midas was the boss, who had made her life way better in pretty much every way. She wasn't some blushing virgin, and she enjoyed sex. Midas was hot, had a large cock, and knew how to use it. It wasn't taking advantage of her when she'd been the one to offer in the first place.

Honestly, it kinda pissed her off. Did Brian think she was so stupid that she'd been tricked into sleeping with the boss? He was the best man around, and he was very much not looking for a relationship so she could fuck him without any stupid drama afterwards. Sure, she'd have liked it if he had a bit more hair on his chest and if she could be in charge in the bedroom, but Midas was the boss in more ways than one.

A girly moan slipped out as he hit her in that just right spot again, knowing her body better than she did. She bit down on the pillow harder, face flushing. Hopefully he hadn't heard that over the sound of their skin clapping together. His hand gripped her hair, tugging it back to pull her head out from the pillow as he sped up, gasps and grunts leaving her as he railed her from behind.

Despite Alec's stupid jokes (that she punched him for), doggy style wasn't the only way she had sex, but Midas liked her ass and it was the best way to show it off while letting him stay in control. His free hand remained firmly on her toned ass, groping and spanking it as he took her hard and fast, finally sheathing himself inside her with a grunt of his own, the familiar feeling of his cum flooding her. Wasn't a problem, the grumpy bitch made sure she wouldn't get knocked up when she came around to look at the Dog Fighting rescues. Rachel had no interest in kids any time soon.

Pulling out of her, Midas shuffled off her bed as she rolled over and watched him, uncaring of the semen slowly leaking out of her.

"We done?" Rachel asked plainly, wondering if she should bother getting dressed.

"I believe so. I have another appointment soon. A pleasure, as always, Miss Lindt," Midas agreed after checking his watch. She just grunted in agreement. "Do let me know how the new power feels, and how Judas, Brutus, and Angelica handle Amelia's upgrades."

"Sure," Rachel agreed easily.

"Now, is there anything you wish to speak about or shall we call this meeting to a close?" Midas asked, as she paused.

"Need more room. The breeding and the dog fight rescue are pushing this place to the limits. Can fit them, but not comfortably," Rachel pointed out.

"Easily sorted. Message Lisa and tell her that I have authorised an expansion. Perhaps a second branch of this business, on the new land I've purchased," Midas agreed without a care. She didn't know how much that was going to cost but the nice part about working for Midas was that money was never an issue.

"Need more people to help look after them as well, then," Rachel said.

"Naturally. Lisa will handle it. Or she'll get one of her minions to handle it. Have her gather some potential workers and you can choose the ones you believe will best fit into your workforce," Midas agreed again. She had a bunch of people working for her now. It was weird to be a boss, but they all respected and listened to her.

"Oh, and Brian and Shinso keep having secret meetings in the tunnels connecting my place to Aisha's place. Angelica smelt them. Didn't hear what they were saying," Rachel reported. She didn't know what they were doing, but she wasn't going to let it fuck up what she had here.

"I see. Thank you, Rachel," Midas said, ruffling her hair. She frowned, swatting his hand away but he just chuckled. "You've been most helpful."
"Just doing my job," Rachel shrugged. "That's everything. Unless you want a dog."

"Oh, I believe I would be a poor owner. I simply don't have the time, and I find it hard to care about lives that aren't my own," Midas admitted shamelessly. "Besides. I have plenty of pets to take care of as it is."
"You'd be a shit dog owner, but I thought I'd ask. You are the boss," Rachel agreed with a firm nod. She didn't really want to give him a dog, but he was in charge. She was glad he was smart enough to know he'd be a shit owner. If more people could do that, there'd be less assholes she had to beat up and take their poor dogs from. "...got time for a quickie?"

"Technically no, but the advantage to being me is that I can be late to my own meetings and nobody can call me out on it," Midas agreed with a smirk, grabbing her leg and pulling her to the edge of the bed.

Yeah, life was good for Rachel Lindt.

– Colin Wallis (Armsmaster) –

Being kept waiting was not something he particularly enjoyed, as he sat in the lobby of Prophet's club. There were few who he would patiently sit on his hands for, but as much as he hated to admit it, his career was plummeting, years of work lost in a matter of months, and he had no idea how to fix it.

So, he was willing to wait for the one who would.

"Prophet will see you now," the pretty waitress said, getting his attention as he stood up awkwardly. Despite being told drinks were on the house, he left an adequate tip for the girl for his juice. He wouldn't drink alcohol before a serious meeting, after all.

"Thank you," Armsmaster said, nodding to her as he followed one of the security up to the office. It was well decorated, tastefully classy while showing off Prophet's wealth. He suspected the twins had a rivalry when it came to things like this, as they both did the same thing and always seemed to be trying to one up each other.

"My apologies for the delays. My last meeting dragged on unexpectedly," Prophet greeted, wearing his more casual outfit. Since his connection to Midas had become public knowledge, he'd stopped wearing the full bodysuit and mask, swapping out for a mostly white suit and black tie with a domino mask. It didn't really cover anything, but when you shared a face with your main rival, worrying about them finding out what you looked like didn't really make sense, did it? Nobody really thought that Prophet was focused on any villain other than his brother. Colin suspected that there was a kiss/kill factor to their relationship due to them allegedly triggering together. With their existing relationship, it presenting itself in an intense, obsessive rivalry made far too much sense. "Please, take a seat."

"Understandable. I know your time is in high demand," Armsmaster said, remembering his social training for once. He didn't overly like the smug thinker, but Prophet was a force for good and the best counter to Midas the city had. He wasn't fond of kissing Prophet's ass, but he was negotiating from a position of immense weakness with his current standing. He was toxic, PR wise. His reputation was being dragged through the mud for failing to do his duties and being responsible for Kid Win's near death.

They weren't wrong. Yes, readjusting the Wards patrol paths should have been low priority given the mostly peaceful occupation of Coil's territory but it was still his duty and would have taken him around twenty minutes to set them on a safer, Boardwalk-only patrol until things had settled. He instead spent that time obsessing over how the Imps had compromised his technology and ignored his other duties to the detriment of Kid Win's health. Had Chris died, he would have demanded he be punished harsher than the probation he was currently on. If his inaction and distraction had led to the death of a Ward under his command, jail time was the least he would demand.

"You have no idea. As I mentioned before, we're stuck playing catch up with Midas and I've been busy prepping the counter for his next move," Prophet agreed with an almost fond sigh.

"You already know his next move?" Armsmaster asked.

"That's the issue with Midas. Knowing it isn't the problem. He's barely hiding it, this time. His alliance with the Empire, chipping away at the ABB's territory. Midas and Kaiser have already carved out the ABB's territory on a map, deciding who gets what and I don't need to tell you the issue if they succeed and keep this peace agreement they've made," Prophet explained.

"They'd be left with one common enemy. The heroes," Armsmaster agreed grimly, imagining a world where the villains didn't fight each other for a full year. A year of their full efforts being focused on the PRT and Independent Alliance. It was a grim picture. "You plan to save the ABB?"

"No. At this point there is no saving them. Lung has left the city. Possibly in search of new allies against Kaiser and Midas, but with him gone, Oni Lee is failing to even slow down the two gangs. The territory won't last long enough for him to come back, but that's the issue. The Syndicate and Empire are both going to get a major win from this, being the organisations that ended the ABB's reign of terror and drove away the Dragon of Kyushu," Prophet explained. "We'll come back to this, but you had other things to discuss first, didn't you?"

"...was Midas right?" Armsmaster asked, Midas' mocking words ringing in his head. "Is Dragon the reason I can't rise any further?"

"It's not quite that simple, and we both know Midas worded it in the best way to place a wedge between you and Dragon, likely to prevent you from requesting her aid in Brockton Bay," Prophet explained. Of course Midas was worried about Dragon, not him. The worst part was that it had worked and Colin had no excuse for that. He knew Midas was trying to split them apart, but the idea of being the sidekick stung at his pride so deeply. He thought he was better than that. "But your issue is twofold, and both tied to public perception. Firstly, Dragon. She truly is amazing, the closest thing we have to a successor for Hero. And that's the issue. Much like how every Brute is called an Alexandria package, it's all too easy for every Tinker to get hidden in her shadow, especially when her specialisation allows her to duplicate other Tinkers' work. Your specialisation is amazing, miniaturisation and efficiency has endless possibilities but…"

"I've worked with her so much she's learnt most of my tricks. Half of her suits have my own miniaturisation tech in them," Armsmaster agreed.

"Which is a sign of your own talent, but to the public it simply says 'Dragon can do everything Armsmaster can do, and more'," Prophet pointed out. "Add in Dragon's fame, the mystery of her shut-in nature, and her… at the risk of sounding insulting, more PR-friendly personality, any Tinker would be forced into her shadow, even if they didn't work with her so often. For someone who is known to work with her on such a regular basis?"

"I became the sidekick. The lesser tinker she deigned to help on his projects," Armsmaster finished. "You said two things?"

"The second is much simpler. The status quo," Prophet replied. "You and I both know that keeping Brockton Bay from devolving into complete anarchy has been a full-time job. It is not so simple as to just arrest the villains and magically make everything better. But, from the public's eyes, the PRT just maintained a world where they had to deal with a sex-slaving dragon, minorities being lynched by literal neo-nazis in the year of our lord, 2011, and the Merchants running free, grabbing people and drugging them with every substance known to man in the hopes of getting a new customer. They don't see that the PRT stopped things from becoming worse, they only see that you didn't make things better."

"And then Midas did," Armsmaster finished.

"Exactly. The city is improving, for the common man. To them, they don't understand the complications of heroism. The numbers game, and the red tape. The heroes couldn't stop the villains, but then another villain came in and did your job for you. If Midas could do all this so easily, what was stopping the government when you had more capes, more resources, more everything," Prophet asked rhetorically. "Of course, Midas is heavily pushing that exact rhetoric as he engages in all manner of city improvement schemes. He has Poison Ivy rejuvenating the parks and growing trees along his streets. He has his men collecting trash and repainting buildings. To them, he's doing everything the government refused to do. For all your talent and work, all the public is asking is 'why didn't you do more'. You've had plenty of wins, but with constant jailbreaks and the status quo never changing, the public don't see them as wins. Why would they care that you arrested Hookwolf if he's back on the street a week later? Why care that you drove back Oni Lee when the ABB are still grabbing girls off the street? Now that someone is actually making a change, it makes the PRT's work to maintain the status quo even worse. To us, stopping the villains is a hard won victory. To the public, they just see two capes fighting and then nothing changing. Especially now that Midas is waging a PR war against the heroes of the city, painting himself the benevolent saviour who is doing what you couldn't, or wouldn't do."
"Even though he's allying with the neo-nazis?" Armsmaster pointed out.

"Firstly, the public doesn't see that. At worst, they see the two gangs agreeing not to fight, which again makes things better for the common man, knowing they aren't going to get caught up in some capes' grudge match. Secondly, I think the only person convinced this alliance will last is Kaiser himself. I know my brother, and he's almost certainly already started planting the seeds for the alliance to implode through 'no action of his'. When he regrettably crushes a self-destructing Empire 'for the good of the city', it'll leave him smelling of roses, likely with half the Empire capes on his roster," Prophet predicted with a cold laugh. "Kaiser sees himself as an equal to Midas, the two grand schemers playing a game for control of the city. Midas sees Kaiser as a pawn, ready to be discarded. I'm almost certain he's already turned Purity, but what good would revealing that do? The alliance falls apart sooner, again through 'Empire in-fighting' and Midas makes his move earlier. Then, Midas exposes us as having stoked the fires that started the Empire civil war that caused so much destruction."

"You think him taking over the Empire is inevitable?" Armsmaster asked grimly.

"I do. The Empire is, by its nature, fractured into smaller factions and Midas excels at plucking at those kinds of strings, sowing hatred and distrust. Kaiser is not a true white supremacist, he merely plays the part. His Gesellschaft and Herren clan allies would turn on him if he revealed what he truly thought of the cause, seeing them as nothing but tools for his own success. Hookwolf's death opened a void that Purity filled, using her abuse at Coil's hands to rally the most violent members to her side. Kaiser's failure to protect their daughter has planted a seed of hatred that Kaiser- arrogant to a fault- hasn't noticed in her. The entire Empire is ready to implode as it is," Prophet explained. "I am half-tempted to wage war against them before they can, but at the same time…"

"What if Midas is planning on that? What if he's waiting for us to try a preemptive strike so he doesn't have to break the alliance," Armsmaster groaned.

"Exactly. The entire thing is a house of cards, and whoever starts the collapse is going to look like the ultimate villain, responsible for countless deaths, even if we try to prove that Midas set the entire thing up to begin with, before pouring gasoline all over it and giving everyone a lit match," Prophet agreed. "It's a very Midas move. Giving everyone a loaded gun, then saying 'well, I didn't make them shoot each other.' when it devolves into a shootout. He's such a cunt."

"You said you had a plan to counter his next move?" Armsmaster asked grimly.

"I do. His plan with the Empire is tactically sound. Their scheme is to push out the ABB, and then occupy the territory so there is no void for outside gangs to fill. He doesn't want the Teeth or some other gang pushing in to fill the space he's opened up, which is wise. If we try to stop him, he uses his PR machine to ask why the heroes are protecting the sex slavers, then the ABB collapses anyway after so many losses, gang wars break out between the many different ethnic gangs Lung forced under the umbrella of 'Asian' and the city asks why the heroes helped save the gangs now trashing former ABB territory," Prophet laid out.

All too true. Without Lung's overwhelming presence, infighting was inevitable.

"And yet, if we don't stop them, the end result is the Empire Eighty-Eight and Golden Syndicate grow even stronger, while also getting the great PR win of being the one to excise the rot of the ABB after so many years of apparent failure from the heroes," Prophet continued.

"Midas has set up a scenario where we lose if we stop him, and lose if we don't," Armsmaster agreed with a scowl. He was starting to think Brockton Bay had been blessed with how few Thinker villains it had dealt with so far. Coil was the main one and he'd nearly caused an utter catastrophe on his way out.

"Not quite. We can stop him, but not by fighting him directly. We just need to beat him to the punch," Prophet laid out, making Armsmaster pause. "The ABB is doomed, that much is clear. Kaiser and Midas are just preparing for a joint effort to finish off a headless snake, and take credit for it. My plan is simple, in theory. I am going to have the Independent Alliance strike first, clearing the ABB and then establishing patrol routes and a powerful hero presence in the former ABB territory to prevent anyone, either local or otherwise from moving in. The end result is almost the same, the ABB removed, but the renown for removing them goes to the good guys and the status quo changes for the better, with us being the cause."

"You're going to take territory," Armsmaster pointed out, a small frown on his face.

"Heroes don't take territory… but essentially yes. I've made arrangements with Big Rig to construct a large headquarters for the Independent Alliance on land I've legally purchased in the middle of Lung's territory. A large, visible presence to deter villains from moving in. It is not ideal, but the simple truth is that if we don't, Midas will," Prophet explained. "Midas is being slowed by Empire inefficiency, amusingly enough. He had to work with them or they'd try and stop him, but Kaiser's operation is far from professional. His skinheads and fanatics are not the trained, disciplined soldiers of the Syndicate and Kaiser is having to sooth ruffled feathers over the Empire allying with a lesser race like Midas to begin with. It gives us an opening, not a large one, but a chance to steal the thunder."

"You want me to get the PRT to agree to help," Armsmaster replied, musing it over. He couldn't see any other way to stop Midas, but Director Piggot would hate it.

"I do. As I said, your reputation, and the reputation of the Protectorate, is held back by the status quo. The status quo is about to change, even if we sit on our hands and do nothing, and keeping the Protectorate strong is a victory for me because if you keep rotting away as Midas chips at you, I'll be left with the IA facing down the Empire and Syndicate alone," Prophet admitted softly. "I can handle the Empire. I might be able to handle the Syndicate. Midas won't give me the mercy of letting me deal with them one at a time once his prize is snatched out of his hands for a second time."

"I'll aid the efforts. I don't know if the Director will agree, but I am sure several of the other heroes will join as well," Armsmaster offered. He didn't need to like Prophet to see that the young man was fighting perhaps the only war that had a chance of winning against Midas's seemingly unstoppable growth.

"I am aware of the Director's dislike for me. Admittedly, I didn't help matters but I have never gotten along well with authority figures, call it a personal flaw. That said, to work towards the cooperation between the Independent Alliance and the Protectorate, I am willing to offer a free power enhancement for any Protectorate Hero willing to aid in this campaign."

"When are you making your move?" Armsmaster asked, trying not to show how much he wanted that.

"Saturday night. Oracle and I have marked the major ABB strongholds and key figures, and we have the manpower to strike," Prophet explained. Only four days away?

"Wait, the fireworks?" Armsmaster realised.

"Midas has an ego, it is one of his only weaknesses. He is physically incapable of not being there to give a speech, bask in the adoration of his adoring public. Many of his heaviest hitters are there as part of the show or as security. I have no doubt he'll catch on to what we are doing almost immediately, but he'd never show weakness by leaving his own event. The man is a slave to his own reputation and legend," Prophet snorted. "But it means we need to act fast, hit hard and have the territory secured before the show ends. If we're still fighting when the show ends, the Syndicate will move in and turn it into a three-way brawl. If we have everything secured, he won't escalate it into a second fight because it would go against his image as someone trying to improve the city."

"And Kaiser?" Armsmaster asked.

"Won't move unless he has Midas supporting him, and won't be able to muster his men fast enough to get involved before it's all over. Especially now that he's foolishly given Rune to the Imps, removing one of his best ways to transport his men," Prophet laughed, shaking his head. "Whatever power upgrade he got, it wasn't worth it. As I said, Kaiser only thinks he is Midas' rival. At best, they'll do a show of force at the border which won't escalate as long as we have enough force of our own that Kaiser isn't willing to risk it. He knows that if he suffers a big enough loss, Midas will pounce regardless of their agreement. Even a victory could make Midas see them as weak enough to no longer be worth allying with, unless it's a truly overwhelming one and they simply don't have the forces to do that."

"Especially if the PRT sides with the IA for this," Armsmaster agreed, seeing a light at the end of the dark tunnel he'd been forced into. "A unified front of Brockton Bay's heroes wouldn't be something Kaiser could attack without expecting significant losses."

"Exactly my point," Prophet agreed with a pleased smile. "I'm glad we're on the same page here. Now, I mentioned having an idea of how the Imps were compromising your technology? Midas has several tinker powers he keeps hidden, and unfortunately, if you recall, he stole your Armscycle and one of your halberds. I believe he has since studied them enough to get an idea of how to compromise your technology. Fortunately, I have those same tinker abilities and I am sure we can come up with a workaround. I've cleared my schedule for the rest of today, and between the two of us I believe we can counter the virus he is weaponising against you."

As they began to talk shop, Armsmaster mentally admitted that he had initially judged Prophet rather harshly. The man was abrasive when it came to the PRT and their endless red tape, but he was a hero, and might just be Brockton Bay's last chance at avoiding black and gold flags flying over every street.

Author's Note: Poor Armsmaster. He let Jin talk. You really shouldn't do that.

Priapus' note: Honestly, maybe you should, because if he's talking to you there's actually pretty good odds that he's convincing you of whatever is the best outcome remaining to you.

Beans' note: He's gonna succeed anyway, you just get to decide if you want to be the catspaw he uses to succeed and get a crumb of the glory or not.

Written: 06/05/2026





I am entirely motivated by praise and interaction, so leave a review, and I'll probably write faster. I do read every review/comment, because it gives me the happy brain chemicals and motivates me to write more. My body is a machine that turns positive reviews into new chapters.

I have a Patreo n, where my supporters can vote on which fics get bonus chapters each cycle and have access to advance chapters, up to twenty chapters ahead of the public release. Patreo n is also five chapters ahead, and platinum/diamond tier have voting rights for my weekly Quest. Feel free to check it out.

I also set up a Subscribe Star as well, more or less just as a backup/test to see which I prefer. The chapters are available on Discord if you're a Patreo n and on the site directly on Subscribe Star due to the different site rules, so if you don't use Discord or have issues finding the chapters, Subscribe Star is the better choice.

The Advance Chapters
Diamond: Dungeon Master Ch08, Operative Ch09, Game Master Ch20, Warlock Ch10, Celestial Farmer Ch15
Plat: Architect Ch07, Game Master Ch19.5, Celestial Punk Ch09, Vampire Ch15, Celestial Demigod Ch08
Gold: New Game Plus Ch13, Sorcerer's Legacy Ch12, Architect Ch06, New Game Plus Ch12, Game Master Ch19
Basic: Tamer Ch22, Guide to Conquest Ch12, High Roller Ch10, Celestial Punk Ch08, Game Master Ch18

Snippets Exclusives
Diamond: The Necromancer of Westeros Ch03, The Agent Ch01
Plat: The Necromancer of Westeros Ch02
Gold: The Necromancer of Westeros Ch01
Basic: The Craftsman Ch06

Biweekly Exclusives
Diamond: Unbound Ch43, Unbound Ch42
Plat: Unbound Ch41
Gold: Unbound Ch40
Basic: Unbound Ch39

Quest Exclusives
All Tiers: The Card Master Ch11-Ch15


Links:
Patreo n. com (slash) TheDarkWolfShiro
Subscribe star. com (slash) the-dark-wolf-shiro

I have a Discord server with a bunch of other authors and a load of porn. So much porn.

Here's the link for that: discord .gg/DarkWolfShiro

If it says it's expired, it is probably your account being unable to join NSFW servers, and you'll need to fix that. If you fix that and it still says it's expired, add me (DarkWolfShiro), and I'll invite you myself.
"Sanity and happiness are an impossible combination."
― Mark Twain

​
My Discord, come here for porn and also sometimes fics: https://discord.gg/wd3tUYWVCd

My Patreon, I promise to spend any money given to me irresponsibly: https://www.patreon.com/TheDarkWolfShiro​
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:1441, Jebbedaiah, TerraForder and 855 others
The Dark Wolf Shiro
Sunday at 18:14
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Prev  
1
2
 
Jump to new
Threadmarks
Extras
View content
Heliel43



Write your reply...
Empty

 Post reply
 
More options
Share:
Reddit
Pinterest
Tumblr
WhatsApp
Email
Link
Similar threads
Night132
 [NSFW] My Hero Academia: A Lost Gamer (Includes Chaos Gacha)
Night132 Aug 20, 2026 Words: 5.4k chaos gacha disccusion makes author happy discuss i demand it
Replies25
Views3K
22 minutes ago
search
Ozlyk
 [NSFW] Strive (My Hero Academia / Boku No Hero Academia)
Ozlyk Jan 21, 2026 Words: 82k 1 2 action all for one all might
Replies38
Views12K
Aug 2, 2026
Ozlyk
Ozlyk
Kira Usagi
[NSFW] The Witch of Brockton (DC and Worm crossover)
Kira Usagi Jun 28, 2026 Words: 5.8k 1 2 crossover cyoa dc universe
Replies31
Views5K
Jul 18, 2026
Sevennamed
Sevennamed
YourLocalWildfire
 [NSFW] A Gamer's Flames of Ambition
YourLocalWildfire Jan 18, 2026 Words: 42k dc comics gamer life is strange
Replies26
Views9K
Aug 3, 2026
Yohnos
The Dark Wolf Shiro
[NSFW] The Guild of Gamers: The Dungeon Master
The Dark Wolf Shiro Dec 8, 2025 Words: 49k 1 2 3 4 for the emperor smut for the smut throne stargate sg-1
Replies101
Views53K
Jun 2, 2026
Readingcuzimbored
Readingcuzimbored
Forums NSFW NSFW Creative Writing 
Style chooser
Contact usTerms and rulesPrivacy policyHelpRSS
Community platform by XenForo® © 2010-2024 XenForo Ltd. Design by: Pixel Exit